Chapier XVII.— In The Toils. AH the house was as still and quiet as the grave, save for the ticking of the great hall clock ; the moonlight, streaming through the glass dome at the top of the squure staircase, gave weird effects of light and shade, and the noise of the wind and the sea sounded drear and mournful. Mercy's rooms lay apart from the reet in one of the many additions which had been made to the court from time to time, and there was not a chance of the Colonel's footfalls on the soft thick stair carpet being heard. At the door he stopped, and stooping down put bis ear to the keyhole and listened. Not a sound. With an infinitely gentle touch he turned the handle and pressed it inward. The door was locked. But the fact pleased him. He had foreseen the need to be prepared for this. He himself had chosen this room for the girl, and had fitted to the door a lever ar rangement by which that part of the door post into which the bolt of the lock fitted could be moved away by a spring operated from outside. It was as necessary to bis plins that anyone sleeping in the room should be able to feel themselves secure as it was that he should be able to enter the room under any circumstances. He had moreover, taken every care to see that the ingenious mechanism was in perfect working order. A touch of the hidden lever on the outside was enough. Instantly and without the least noise he felt the door yield as he held it, and a moment later he was inside the room; He stood for a moment to make sure that the girl bad neard nothing ; but all was quite still, save for the rattling casement. He crept across the room to the bed, draw ing out his handkerchief and the phial of chloroform for the first part of the grim work. There we.re curtains to the head of the bed, and before drawing them back he poured out the chloroform in readiness. Then with a stealthy and infinitely cautious hand he pulled back the curtain and bent over the bed. It was empty ! And in his surprise he stepped back quickly, and his foot struck the leg of a email table standing by the bedside, and caused a glass and water-bottle upon it to rattle. The uoise was slight, but enough to rouse Mercy, who had fallen into a light dose in her chair by the window. She started and woke. The air from the window, which was slightly open at the top, caused a draught from the door, and looking round she saw it was opeu. She jumped to her feet, and with a heart cramp of fear tried to call out. Not a sound passed her lips. Then she caught Bight of the figure by the bed, but did not recognise it iu the Him un paralysis. The remembrance of the mys terious footsteps she and Lallu had heard flashed into her thoughts aud she believed for a moment that what she saw was a ghost. She watched ^ it, fascinated with horror, and too hysterical to get a coherent souud from .her Hp3. Her eyes followed every movement uutil she saw the figure glide across the room to the door, which seemed to close behind it as noiselessly as though the whole were a vision. With the disappearance of the figure, Mercy recovered her voice, and rushing to the door aud finding it locked and bolted as she herself had fastened it, she sent up scream after scream for help, as with hysterical haste she tore back the heavy bolt aod the lock, and then fell half-swoonin* with terror upon the floor. The whole house was roused by her cries. The firBt to come were the two Indiau servauts, Lallu following close behind them. They lifted her, half- unconscious, on to the Wt*u, BIIU HIIVU QUO WIH ICUUVCIIIlg IICr IllUlllCr and the Colonel and Juan came. ' What's the matter?' asked Colonel Boca. 'Who has been screaming? Has any thing happened ? ' 'It is Mercy,' said Lallu. 'We fouud her lyiug on the floor just inside her room half-feinting.' 'Oh dear, oh dear,' cried Mrs. Boca, hearing this. ' And here we are miles from a doctor. Oh, this dreadful house 1' and she rushed hysterically to the bedside. ' If it is anything serious,' said the Colonel, readily, 'I will drive at once for a doctor.' But it was soon apparent that there was nothing more 'serious than a very severe fright Gradually Mercy regaiued composure, though she frightened her mother nearly out of her wits several times by clutching her ?? suddenly and declaring with a half-eoreatti ahe could still Bee a figure moving where the rest knew there was nothing but empty' space. When she had grown calm enough to explain what had happened* she told the story in little jerks of narrative, all those who were in the room listening with absorbed interest. Mrs. Boca and Lallu were tfie most affected, and the former roused the Colonel's anger by the persistency with which she used the occasion to accentuate her own nervous alarms. 'Mercy must have fallen asleep by the window, he said — ' though why on earth she should want to get out .of bed in order to sleep in a ohair I can't understand— and have had one of those exceedingly vivid dreams which her imagination createc' 'It was no dream,' exclaimed Mercy. 'I saw the figure.' ' But you say the door was locked and bolted, child,' said her mother. 'Are you sure T' ' Quite. I remember bolting it — I always do — and I remember tearing at the bolt just now when the figure had vanished.' 'I think it is time you saw a doctor,' deolared the Colonel. ' But the best thing you can do now is to g*t off to sleep again as fast as you caw, and wait until daylight helps you to laugh at your dream.' ' I will never be alone again at night in this house,' cried Mercy, gazing about her, and trembling violently with fright. ' I will stay with you,' said Lallu, readily. ' And Ab Dur will sleep outside the door.' The Colonel at first opposed this as nonsense, and said the man ought not to be robbed of his rest ; but a word from Lallu was enough, and the Indian could not be turned from the proposal. When the others had gone and the two girls were alone, Lallu made Mercy describe to her the whole incident in the fullest possible detail, and during the telling put question after question upon all manner of points bearing upon the supposed supernatural character of the visit. The Indian girl was full of superstitious fears and beliefs to the finger tips, and declared that she knew of her own knowledge that the spirits of the dead revisited the earth ; and she began to relate weird and ghastly experiences of a blood-chilling character, until Mercy had to beg her to desist. 'There is a curious smell in the room,' stid Lallu more than once. 'I can't under stand it.' 'I noticed it before — when that horrible thing was here,' eaid Mercy. It was a faint scent of drugs ; and Lallu got out of bed once to search for the cause of it, but found noth ing ; and soon afterwards the two girls fell asleep in each other's arms. In the morning Mercy was much better. The anxiety and fright had preyed upon her, and she was still looking ill and scared, but ?be was able to think of the occurrence calmly, and to persuade herself that it had been no more than a very vived dream, in wbich she had left her bed. And gradually she came to smile at herself for her woaknes3. But when she was dressing, and Lallu had gone to her own room, she made a discovery. Throwing back the bedclothes she found the cause of the faint smell that had puzzled her and Lallu. In the bed was a handkercheif, stained somewhat, but still retaining the relics of the faint soent. And Mercy detected the Bsenl directly. It was chloroform ; and the handkerchief was marked with Colonel Boca's name. How could it possibly have come into her bed ! Who had been using chloroform, and for what purpose, in her room ? There was the chance that it might, have been brought there when they came crowding into the room. But thera was also another suggestion that made her heart beat fast-, and set her shrinking with a fresh chill of fear. Had it, after all, been no more than a dream or a Vision ? Yet her door had beeD locked and bolted. Could there be some secret entrance? No; the thing was im possible. Someone must have brought the handkerchief into the room after she had screamed and have dropped it by accident. She would wait and make an inquiry. But when she went to bid her mother good morning, another surprise was in store After having kissed the girl and made much of her, saying how pale she looked, her ~ mother said : 'I'm afraid you're not so careful as you uned to be, Mercy dear, and last night nearly made a mistake. Here's your chloral left in mv room, and I was very nearly taking a dose by accident. I wish you'd carry it to your room, though I do hope you're not going to take toopiateB.' 'My chloral?'' questioned Mercy, iu surprise. ' Yes, dear, your name's on the label. From Hunt's, at Penlham.' Mercy stared at the name in bewilderment. Then with an effort she collected her thoughts, and said it ought not to have been left there, and she would take it up to her room. When she reached there she sat down a minute to think. Was she goinq mad ? Had ahe bought this stuff and forgotten all about it? Bad she been using chloroform and forgotten it, to drug herself into sleep because her brain was tired ? Or was it all part o- some desperate scheme against her Sifety ? When she went downstairs the others wort at breakfast, and the Colonel, who h td heard from his wife that the bottle had been given to the girl, said casually : ' By the way, Mercy, when I was over at ? Penlham yesterday 1 was in HuntV, the chemist, and told him about your insomnia Headvisrd a mild dose of chloral now and then ; so I brought a little for you.' 'Thank you. But who else in the house wants it ?'' I see someone has had a dose ol it alreidy. .Have you needed any ?' *'I? No, certainly not. Your mother made a mistake in th&aight; and upset a little of it.' .Mercy felt too UI to prolong the conversa tion or Drovoke any dispute, but the falseness of the story was clear euough to her, and the entire incident of the night before took a fresh form iu her thoughts. She kept brooding over it at intervals during the day, and trying to decide upon some definite course of action. Her mother remained too ill and nervous to be told even about the statement of the woman in the cottage ; and the day brought another reason for silence, moreover. Mercy went twice to the woman's cottage and found it shut up and apparently deserted. Thus her evidence was gone. She bad no doubt that the Colonel hid used some kind of influence — money probably — to get the woman away ; but as she was gone there was nothing to prevent him declaring that the whole story was a myth— like her vision of the night before. Her nerves had been so shaken, moreover, that the feeling of helplessness was producing a quite exaggerated sense of his power. Wherever she turned he was able to check mate and menace her. Her despondency grew upon her until she was again driven to question whether she herself was or was not under some strange hallucination. Had she only dreamed this interview with the womaii? Was her brain giving way, and playing these tricks of vivid imagining ? This thought frightened her seriously, and when she went back to the house it was with a half-fear that she wa3 gctiiug ill mentally and becoming a prey to halluciualious. But when she reached the house another startling incident awaited her. Lallu met her, large-eyed with suppressed excitement. ' Come with me,' she cried, quickly ; and led the way to Mercy's room. 'Go into your room and leave me here. Lock and bolt the door, aud go and sit down where you were last night and close your eyes and care.' She went in and did as she was asked, wondei ing. A minute later Lallu called to her to open them, and the Indian girl was standing by Hie bedside, and the door of the room was locked and bolted as before. 'Now sit down and close your eyes and ears again ;' she did so, and then Lallu called to her from outeide the locked and bolted door. What could it all mean ? 'Come to t'ic door and keep your eye on the lock und bolt,' called Lajlu, the next moment; and then to Mercy's dismay she saw the fastening glide away perfectly noiselessly, and let Lallu enter. ' How on earth did you fiud that out ?' she exclaimed. 'I did not. Ab Dur showed me. It is no ghost, that haunts this house, Mercy. It is Colonel Roca.' Mercy saw it all plainly enough now, but did not tell even La'lu of the real object of the visit to her room. ' What shall we do?' she asked, nervously. 'I have done something already,' was the reply. ' I have sent Ab Dur to fetch Meivyn Rhodes.' ( To be continued. ) 