TIIKY SAY— That another business boom is ahead in the Divorce Court That the North Sydneyites would prefer a bridge to a tunnel. That it was about time the Press was re presented in the Ministry. That the Federation controversy will shortly be once more in full blast. That there is a good prospect of the To talisator Bill being passed into law. That homing pigeons will play a prominent part in the next European war. That the 'Roll up, Rocks!' young gentle man got off altogether too lightly. That our various swimming clubs are al ready preparing for the coming season. That there is ample room for improvement in various directions at Redfern Railway Station. . That Mr, Reid had no excuse for delaying the new Ministerial appointments for a fortnight. yftat the ten-minute limit will block the monopoly of the telephone-wire by fe male gossips. That people who want to resurrect the ghost of fiscalism just now ought to be firmly sat upon. That restaurants using margarine should be made to notify the fact on their win dows and bill of fare. That in filling those vacant portfolios the Premier had his eye on safe seats and docile colleagues. That there is a good deal of regret that Mr. Ashton did not see his way to accept ing a portfolio. That 'hustlers' doing' the grand tour on ^the nod appear to find Sydney a favor able .field of operations. !That legalised Government supervision is necessary for the proper conduct of our export produce trade. That the numerous recent seizures of di seased pigs must have an appetising ef fect on pork-eaters. That the Water and Sewerage Board should explain its devious dealings with consu mers in arrear of rates. That Mr. Whiddon is not alone in the opinion that there should be a time limit to speeches in Parliament. That Mr. Barton will have to do a dance round the Domain wishing-tree in order to obtain that coveted seat. That the total cost to the State of appeal cases under the various Land Acts would prove interesting information. That since the unearthing of the *long buried Tippling Act the demand for bar slates has fallen off considerably. That it is a lucky thing for Mr. Reid that Labor Members have 'set their faces against accepting portfolios.' That the Bartonian outside Federal party „-5re greatly aggrieved at the reasonable character of the Federal resolutions. JThat the Government have done the right thing in connection with the matter ot refunds to civil servants resigning volun tarily. That the interests of New South Wales in England are suffering for want of the ap pointment of a permanent Agent General. fhat, according to an English journalistic light who recently visited the colonies, Australia beats the world for bad cookery. That the vested interests which block city railway extension ought to be firmly overlooked, and a scheme promptly de cided on. ffhat there will- soon be plenty of occu pation for the police if they are allowed to manufacture crime in order to obtain !onvictions. ffhat the increasing tendency to travel second class on the railways is a strong evidence that the passenger fares are in need of reduction. That the fog collision affords evidence that iti is imperative in the interest of safe travelling for bridge or tunnel connection with North Shore. That, if General Miles is correct, a good dfeal of the wooden nutmeg element en .ters into the working of the Washing ton War Department. That the Victorian Government seems in clined to start another boom by extensive borrowing, leaving a questionable legacy for posterity to settle. That the Intercolonial opinion, so far as at present expressed, is unanimously in fa vor of the Federal resolutions submitted ?* to the N.S.W. Parliament. That the increase of hands employed in the faptories of the colony prove that there is no good reason to fear for the future of our chief industries. That the Public Works Committee is an expensive luxury, and members might well exchange compliments with the M'Sharry case counsel and witnesses. STiat fourteen re-elections for vacancies iii the Victorian Legislative Council show how little public interest is taken in the constitution of an elective Upper House. $'h$t the 'revelations' regarding the fees drawn by members of the Public Works Committees are somewhat stale, seeing they appeared in the 'Sunday Times' months ago. Thai, the Government should lay on the table of tlje House the details of Mr. B. C. Simpson's account in connection With the M'Sharry case, . accompanied by ex planatory notes. That' the clergy who affect generally to Christianise the Chinese or South Sea Islanders are Whanging the venue by threatening to inquire into 'the moral condition of Sydney.' fba.t as measles frequently leave weak eyes behind them, the occasional use of Rose's celebrated eye lotion would be a ?wise precaution. 53,1 George-street, Open all night; also Sundays and holidays.' That Roberts' is the test place to buy Wines and Spirits.* That 'Old Dad' (Ted Wehlow) has re turned and taken the Occidental, Wyn yard-square.* Tibat Hunt's Bell Brand Baking Powder is; superior to all others.* That M'Evoy's boots and shoes keep out the wet, wear well, and are easy fitting. 571 GeprgerStreet, near Bathurs.t-street.* . 