THE LIGHT THAT OAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories ore I old about the powers l'°ssefed by certnin natives of Indin, win* live "P ainnnjr tlio Himalaya mountains. These "J" men, it is said, have devoted Femes of JMts t0 []1Q stu(jy 0f natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing f, ""it. Lately a German professor visited the adopt?," as these queer Hindus are called, J"1'.the purpose of finding out the secret r.f ir reirarkahle performances. They created '"in rather scurvily, but interested him all the "'ve. One day the professor wanted to ex amine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the ""toim «f a well. 'J cau't see to ri<ad here,'' said the visitor. 'Then wo will have some light, " was the rpl''y. and immediately (the pmfessor says) a soft, pearly light brightened tho cave. He ""Id not tell whenco it came, but ho noticed tliat it had one strange quality-it cast not the sli'.lhtcst shadow. . 1'his is a stury hard to believe, yet its truth affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason fat doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbe lief connnonly runs parallel with one's own experience, ljr. Johnson sniffed at the ac count of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Crck Lane ghost. 4 man who ha< been ill foryeats, and foiled find a cur.?, is sceptical when friends tell him "fa medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example: " In the spring of 18SS," writes our correspon dent, " I fell into a low, weak, and languid state I lelt low-spirited aid out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating X had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spatupasourlinid,also bitter bile. Lateron I sutferftd rrom nervousness and great da pression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, noth ing thatI'tipk^relieving me. At last 1 heard -apUj^iajayra&.Syrap.'and- Procnred'a Wup-; *pTy. Alip^rnlcS takeu or.ly a* Tew dose& I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I hrd no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used I now gladly admit its value, and its powe^ over disease. Since iriy recovery, for which * . hank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, Ihav® been in the heat of health and spirits. In th° interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send yon this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, JuneSth, 1S!)3." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter iray be true enough,but if cannot be verified without more trouble than its worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at . hi* address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts ( ii the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that univer sal disease-indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illnes and pain had east such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why pcjple believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 