HOW GHOSTS AllE WADE. A CHAT WITH AN* ITINERANT ILLUSIONIST. I sir.T the ghost.waker at a coaplrj- fair. In a field set aport for tlie vifl,i)<fc "feast'' were roundabouts, aliootinggollories, cocoanut shies, ond tlio many and wonderful things which tnoko tip a rustic saturnalia. Arranged in a semi circle were booths in which, foi a few pence, the villagers were able to see the biggesl woman on earth, the only living mormaid, the wonderful twins, and a bewildering army of ghosts from the s|iectro of Hamlet's father to the phantom which haunted old Scrooge. 1 mounted the rie|is leading lo tho qliosl show and a fat man bitting in tho pay. box smoking a pipe with meditative deliberation. There was nothing rncetral or uncanny about him. llo WHS a happy, jolly, good tempered fellow, with a etipmnic contempt fur the spirits which he charmed from (he vasty deep. By his side was his buxom wife, "a woman of massive figure, who, iu the days of youth and beauty, had played Ophelia in half the barns ol England. I wrpt lo think how many times the poor old lady had been drowned, "Well, liow ore tho ghosts to-day 1" 1 shouted, as, with al'aull'ry movement, 1 pushed my head through the half-opened door. Oh, they're having a rest just now," chuckled tho old man, as he removed his pipe from bis mouth and pointed with bis linger ton seat. "The spirits have vanished—into smoke," and he put the wellworn stem between his lips again, and puflcd away with supreme content?, " How long have you been raising, ghosts ?" I nskod. j " Oh, a great many years. I have been on the road nigh on thirty years, nnd I've been raising ghosts all that time. Ah, yes; ~ -e got used to them by this time. They're only flesh and blood, like man)- a ghost would turn out to be if examined." " Yes, 1 daresay. Bat haven't your ghosts bcon taken for real spectres many a' time i" ' Oh, yes, in the early days of ghost shows. You 6oc, the people knew nothing about it then. Kow they understand how the illusion is produced. (School Boards have nigh on ruined us. Boys and givls don't come to our show expecting to be frightened—tbey corns to enjoy a scientific experiment. In the old days they came to the show with feft! and trembling"—ay,men and women too. They expected real ghosts, and they went away with the impression that they had seen them. Why, one night as tbe angels hovered over 'Tho Colliei's Dying Child,' a woman shrieked to them to save the boy." " Yes, that pait oi tlie illusion is very realistic. You hare had many experiences 61 that kind, I suppose 1" "No, not many. Ours is • very humdrum life. I remember playing Mej^histoinan adaptation of ^cf'f, when one old fellow ;ot so angry at the way 1 helped Faust to lill his friend that he threw a heavy walking-stick at my shadow. It struck tbe plate-glass jn front and splintered it. When I saw what had hap)iened I threw the stage inlo darkness. The play was over for that night, you may be sure. Ay! talking of Mephisto," tbe old fellow went on, bis wrinkled face smiling with delight a» he recalled thfc stories o! his early days, " I had a curious adventure once. I was playing Mephisto in & country village about the size of this, and all the men and women for miles around came to see me. The ghost ehow was a wonderful attraction in those days, sir. The country people used to watch the play with breathless attention. Well, I had finished playing the part one liig'n't when a note came behind the acehes to say that Mr. Verulam, o! The Hall, wished to tee me. I told the boy to bring the gentleman round, and immediately s&erwatds; & wtUdressed man came to the corner of the booth in which I was disrobing. Catching sight of .the fiery-red robes with which I was usually dressed for the part, be said, excitedly: ""Slop! don't take them off. I want you to play Mepliisto op at The Hall.' "'What!' I cried with an incredulous look,' play Mephisto in a drawing room? Can't db done, sir!' ' No.no, I don't mean (hat, 1 he returned quickly; 'come with me at once, and I'll give 70a a five pound note for your trouble.' "' All right,' I said, and covered up m; red robes with * big sliawL : Be had his carriage waiting outside, and we got Into it and drove off in the direction of Tbe Hall. I rnt nunded to knew what he wanted for, but my doubts were quickly allayed. It seetni that his wife had lost a beautiful diamond traoelet, end suspicion had iallen -upon one of Uie -ttaids. The mistress of tbe tiouBCbad good (grounds lor heranspieiont.although they-were not; sufch w.wonld warrant on wrest.- The girl's boxes had been searched, and every nook and twrners of ter-bedroom examined. Nothing,'however, was -found. Mr. 'Veru Iamb wifi"1>enSeted in thinldng that the - ailt hail '-Stolen Ite Jewd, and Iddden Adnata Ihe matter tad been for- ^tleu.t'ThattiWht WksoertdnoSlSiBt the Igirl had gonetn'-see TfeutWth her leUow! Mrrants,iand*iebirtiJ*>n>I6dkfidea. *H« act»vWw*bpeKtttiotas the maid < Va«-!n (aeb, *U oountiy girls were just then—and lie resolved Ao'feke edvahtiige'oHt.'' To do«o tie hid invitod me to T^e Hall to pUy thrp«rt'oI»«hoeBy«deWcUve. . ^t'soon as we reached Tbe 4S0Tlft smngjded me through aside door into'thetebrary. Then" he disclosed his tiUtta:' - < Ve T woiitediae to remain there-'in the -Saft ^nfil fte maid arrived from «he show 1 . 1 '%s v eobn a^ ebe came in fce would -ring torVw In €he usaW. tray, and request ber to light ttlB lamp' In the library. ^aobedidaoI-wlBlbomakeiiiy tbe ndesingjewtil* .. 4 1 How did the expedient eaooeedt" t asked, moeh intetested in the -ehowtnan's ncitaL Oh, capitally,** md the old feUojf chnckled agaln at the reooUection.SfShiS incident -"The mtit arrived abo^" " an-kour later, hating, pf bootieV tbesray toTKe HUHindeho^lyjatt I heard tbi tnsster give directions L, library lamp tolie iigbted: '^Ittbdai red iohai in a i:aitained r^pessnmr j door, and, as soon as tfie jirnp iad it. follylit«id i theeiri was ial^Bt-^.Ifert lies down on the lower^-platfortni'Mid t sti-ong ligbt is throw n upon him by means of gas jets 01 an oxyhydrogen lamp. In thai position he throws his hands and feet about as required, but seldom walks—because he can't. When 1 want liiin to walk ho is pulled along a trolley, ond then, by moving his feet, the ghost is seen to be walking on Hie 6tage." " Thon, how does the ghost disappear V "Oh, easily enough. The oven light* are turned down nnd the footlights ate turned up at au equal k-ate. Then the figure disappears." " Vou make tho ghosts sing occasionally. How is that managed ?" " Well, if you are near to the stage, you will percoive that the sound comes from the ' oven,' and not from the atago. The men have to sing on their backs." " ;iul how do you make tho little cherubs floiV* about," " Merely another optical illusion. The figuits of (he performers only are visible on the sta^e. All llio apparatus necessary for their extraordinary attitude is diu^iea in black so that although it is refiected on Hie tinge, it. is not visible to the people in the show. That is Uib way we make the spirit's hand write, nnd how we pat heads nntbe stupo without bodies. All the rest of the pcrfornicr is carefully hidden with black cloth — Mitlim. 