Letter from Aunt Eily. • My Dbab Children—A variety' of causes leads me to choose for our talk' this we ek th e subject ofghosts •; but there' are *' ghosts " and " ghosts/* or as Shakespeare has it—" black spirits and white, red spirits and, gray," and although it is hot yet exactly the hour " when church-yards yawn, and graves give up their dead," to quote our poet again, it is certainly, the season of the year when all the delightfully weird "creepy" stories begin to make their appearance in the Christmas annualB and periodicals of every shade and variety of useful and arousing, or useless and dreary mental pabulum. (I would like to state here to some little juveniles that " mental pabulum " is not a ghost, it only means food for the mind.) Then again 1 had a little correspondent last week who told me she delighted in etorieB " especially about ghosts," and that her kind teacher had been telling her some such stories. Thirdly, I think I have a leaning to that kind of thing myself, so you see 1 was surrounded by ghosts as it were, figuratively that is, not literally, as far as I know, and, therefore, Isay—" ghosts" let it be. But the curious thing about ghosts, or Bpirits as I always prefer to call these supernatural beings, as not sounding so alarming, is, that you require a special kind of eyesight to be able to see them, and strange to say that particular kind of eye sight is very often to be found in little Children—innocent little children. Here is another reason, if another is wan ted, why I should talk to you. of ghosts. When we were talking of astronomy and astronomers the other week, I did not tell you of a certain great astronomer, Caille by name, who was so devoted to his favorite study that he was in the habit of using only one of his eyes because he wished to preserve the other clear and sound with which to study the heavens. Mow a great many people are like Caille, only they reverse the process somewhat, they close their spiritual eye, perhaps with the intention of using it for spiritual things "at some future date " (what a convenient little phrase do we not find that), but they soon forget that laudable intention and, as a matter of fact, keep it very tightly shut, lest it might interfere with their earthly eye and all its work, until at last, from long disuse, it, like some other things, loseB all its power, and then—then they become blind—spiritually blind. It is different with little children. When they come first from God, their souls are shining White and beautiful, and their spiritual eyesight is undimmed, and this beautiful whiteness most children happily keep for long and long, so that when a spirit is permitted to come from the other world, it will often be a child that will be first conscious of its presence, and it will be to a child, as being more responsive and .sensitive that it will try to make its presence known. Some of the moBt interesting stories I have read have been of spirits who visited again this earth and whom little children saw when no one else could. As an instance of what I mean, see how it was to a simple, little child that pur pure and sinless Mother appeared in the grotto at Lourdes, and again at La Salette, and many others that might; be named. There is a touching little story in one of this year's Xmas numbers where a little child, who had never had any love given to it in its short lifetime, is heard wailing pitifully, seeking for the love it missed, until a mother who had juBt lost her own child sees it and comforts it, when the child is heard no more. That of course is only a pretty idea for a Xmas story, and there is nothing more in it. Mrs. Oliphant has written some stones of that kind, and her " Lady Mary," a story of the unseen, is this story of, a woman who died having, through negligence, failed to perform an act of justice, and it is a little child in its mother's arms Who ,-firet sees it. But that was agpodispirit, only she had been unin tentionally thoughtless in one point which caused the liying to suffer. It is quite true tbat the Holy Souls are often permitted to-appear .to beg for our prayers and to warn us, but these, to carry out Pur simile from Shakespeare, may'be called the " grey spirits," While the pure angels and saints of §od, and we need not fear either them or their brethren, the ■Holjr&niUr;"* n>'X *v*i a:n ' As for black spirits, well, even ho, "what can they-do.toyoui ...Isanyjbhing created more powerful than our own good God? It was Father, Burke, the great Dominican, who said he conld sleep peacefully on' the top of, -Mount Veeiiy^U8,,,or some, such un comfortable spot' if; only he had ids. Bosary with hint, and I ".vyill add another to that and say that il' you lmve said well your Te. lucis ante termihum" Before, the sleep with a contented mind. It is well known that a certain evil old ghost, with his whole army of wicked spirits, hates'holy water. In (act, Protestants even are not without appreciation of the power of holy water against bur common enemy, and any of you who have ever seen the opera of " Faust" enacted would no doubt be amusnd, as I have been, to witness the satisfaction of the Protestant audience when the arch-enemy, in going near to the door of a Catholic church to tempt the worshippers is put into contortions of pain as the people sprinkle themselves as they enter. But, although Satan gets the worst of it, it can never be anything but a poor travesty and they lose little who never see it. It you really want to see " the enemy " put to flight you make a point of being present at the baptism of a new baby, and if you don't see him scurrying off for his very life from under the babe's long robes, as the priest pours the holy water of bap tism over it, well, I can't help it. I know when I was a small child the tale was told to me, but as I don't recollect being big enough to attend these functions, but had to be satisfied with being allowed to kiss " God's little angel" when it was brought home in triumph, I cannot answer for a cer tainty. It is worth making a note of, however. Watch the next time. Niece Honora Clarke is welcome as a new member, and all the more so as she comes from Pekina way. I have not for gotten that I had some particularly fine letters and donations from that quarter in the past. Pekina nephews and nieces must wake up. Thanks, niece. Niece Ruby Thompson, from Wallaroo, who likes ghost stiries, comes next. Thanks for donation, dear. Tou should like a saint to come and talk to you, you say. faints, and angels too, talk to us sometimes unawares, because, avl have already said, we do not keep our spiritual eyeB and ears open. Niece Mary Sandford, also from Wallaroo, writes an interesting letter. I apt glad you like reading the letters. I like yours because it speaks about the angry sea, and the thunder, and the little boats, and the heat, and the cold. We don't take as much notice of the world about us as we might, and hence miss much enjoyment of earth, and sky, and sea. Niece SisBie McCabe, Mitcham Convent, has already been replied to when thanking herself and companions for donation. You seem to have Lad a good time en your holiday. I hope to hear more frequently from Mitcham. I was pleased to see that your studies had not been without reward from the successful examination lists. The ghosts have led me a longer way than I intended, so I must conclude. I will not speak about the new statue this time, but I hope you ard working hard for it meantime. With love, AUHT EILT. Aunt Eily acknowledges:—Nephew Raymond B. Stephens, 7th Avenue, East Adelaide, 5b.; Associate, North' Adelaide, 2s. 6d.; Well-wisher, BalaklaVa, 3s.; Friend of Orphans, Balablava, Is. We have received a sample of Ceylon broken orange pekoe " Golden Tipped " tea, part of an importation by Messrs. Griffiths Brothers, Proprietary, Limited, tea mer chants, of 31 Pulteney Street, opposite York Hotel. Experts delate this amongst the choicest that has come down from Ceylon this season; in fact, Messrs. Griffiths Brothers' Colombo agents assure them that it is really the finest Ceylon tea produced for some time. It is a matter of satisfaction to learn that these fine teas find their way here, though it iB necessary for the firm to select specially direct from the plantation in order to secure them for the Australian public; otherwise they mostly go to the London market where they, command high prices, and seldom appear in: the open market here; which \- accounts for the low prices prevailing. It seems, however, Messrs. • Griffiths Brothers make a practice of scouring the best grades of tea obtainable, and their extensive stocks and importations comprise some exception ally choice lines. This particular line will become their No. 0 quality at 3s. per lb;, and-a large portion will r find its. way into their choice blends.' It is of an exception ally rich flavor, with a most delicate aroma, ana the leaf libs a- very , brilliant appear ance, being full of golden tips. :': The plantation atwhich it was .grown has an altitude of nearly -6fi00 feet: above the sea leveh : Themonnt∈ climates of Ceylon are,most suitable for the eultivation of .the tea planfe smd itheVgreater .'the' height at which itisgrown thebetter the tea. : i •• Oppose -kfflidntsB to: pervembness. The heavy-'sword will hot >cut-soft silk^ by using sweet Words and'gehtleness You may lead an elcphant-with a hair. 