ppjí,. I.. I I I ll I. . I I I I - A Hawkesbury Ghost. THOUGH a comparatively young country, Australia is old in ghostly legendary lore, and many and strange are the tales of ap- paritions which have come to us from the land of gold. Fisher's ghost, which created so great an excitement in Sydney and its vicinity, is too well known to require more than a passing allusion, whilst Henry Kingsley, in his ' Recollections of Geoffrey Hamlyn,' has given us little bits of ghostlore which makes us long for a further supply. The blackfellows, too, when they can be got to talk, have wild and weird tales to narrate of the supernatural denizens of the scrub, and the mysterious bunyip which resides in the waterholes, and is the more dreaded because human eye has never caught sight of his form. Yes, prosaic as people may consider Australia, it is, after all, a land of romance. Even its horrors of crime are different from the cut-throats of the older continents, and the atrocities of Schneiderhannes pale before the fiendish outrages of Michael Howe, whilst Dick Turpin's ride to York is not more wonder- ful than the fate of the iron-clad Kelly. So many persons witnessed the apparation, the tale of which we are about to give to our readers, that no room is left for doubt of any description, and with this brief prelude we may as well plunge into the story without further delay. Windsor and Richmond stand on opposite sides of the valley down which the river Hawkesbury flows, which is spanned by a bridge where the highroad which connects the two towns runs down to the banks of the stream. Some four miles up the river on the Richmond side, was the farm of a man named Morgan, who was not held in any great estimation by his neighbours. Not that any definite charge could be brought against him, for he neither drank, gambled, or in any way made himself objectionable ; but for all that, there was a something about him which inspired a feeling of inex- pressible repugnance ; and so it happened that he was shunned by his neighbours, and but few of the better sort ever crossed the threshold of his dwelling. In spite, however, of this feeling, Morgan was not absolutely cut, and when the in- habitants of either Windsor or Richmond met him on the road, the usual forms of salutation were gone through. One bright summer morning in Novem- ber, as Mr. Marker and his wife were driv- ing from Windsor to Richmond, they met Morgan, seated in his shabby old buggy, drawn by a raking chestnut horse with a wpite blaze down his face, which was well known in the neighbourhood as Mor- gan himself. ' 'Morning, Mr. Marker,' said the farmer, as the two vehicles came alongside of each other. ' Good morning, Mr. Morgan,' was the response. 'A fine day, is it not ?' ' Yes,' answered Morgan, ' a precious deal too fine a day for a man to commit such a foolish act as I am on my way to do.' 'Why, you have not the credit of acting unwisely as a rule,' returned Marker, who, in spite of his repugnance seemed impelled by some mysterious power to converse with the man. 'Well,' answered Morgan, as a saturine grin passed over his dark features, ' I dare- say some people would congratulate me, and say that I was doing the right thing ; but, to make a long story short, I am going to bring my wife home.' 'Your wife,' repeated Mrs. Marker, in the utmost surprise ; 'are you going to be married, Mr. Morgan ?' 'There you are,' returned the farmer ; ' trust a woman for almost going off her head when marriage is mentioned ; but you haven't got hold of the right pig by the ear this time-I've been a married man these 17 years and more.' ' Seventeen years !' exclaimed Mr Marker, 'Why, you have been 15 years on your farm, and I have never seen a sign of a wife belonging to you.' 'You see,' answered Morgan with a sneer, 'you don't often condescend to favour me with a visit, but for all that you are right. Two years after we got hitched, the missus and I agreed to differ and separate, precious nearly the only thing we ever did agree about. At any rate, we have kept it up until now, when she is coming back to me.' ' Well, it all seems very strange' answered Mrs Marker, ' to come together after so long an interval. How did it happen ?' 'Perhaps softer feelings flowed in,' re- plied Morgan with his habitual sneer, like we read of in the story-books ; or perhaps it was owing to Mrs. M. coming in for a bit of money-most likely the latter.' 'Well, good morning,' broke in Marker, a little annoyed at the man's manner. 'I wish you luck in your new start in the matrimonial line.' 'Can Morgan be speaking the truth,' said Mrs. Marker, when the two vehicles | were a little distance apart. 'I'm sure I don't know,' returned her husband ; ' all I know is that I pity Mrs. Morgan from the bottom of my heart. Fancy a woman with money of her own going to live with such a brute when she was once free of him.' 'Perhaps she loved him,' observed Mrs. Marker, sentimentally. 'Loved such a fellow as that? Pah! The idea makes me sick,' said her husband, whipping up his horse. 'But whatever may be the reason, I think evil will come of it. Perhaps, after all, Morgan was lying,' he added, and this afterthought appeared to give him considerabie satisfaction. In this case, however, Morgan told the truth, and in a few days he and his wife, a buxom-looking woman of six-and-forty, were to be seen driving to market and elsewhere in a shabby-looking buggy drawn by a big chestnut horse. Morgan, however, was no more compan- ionable than he had been, and Mrs. Morgan was not the kind of woman to invite sym- pathy. Rumour asserted that she drank hard, and that sounds were heard from the farmhouse occupied by the Morgans as if violent quarrels were taking place. Morgan's face, however, was inscrutable, and he made no allusion to domestic diffi- culties of any kind. The valley between Richmond and Wind- sor was frequently inundated by the rising of the river, and some months after the re- turn of Mrs. Morgan, one of these floods took place. Though the force of the water was not sufficient to tear away the bridge, yet it damaged one of the piers, a portion of which was dislodged, leaving a gaping fissure. Finding, however, that the bridge still remained firm, the local authorities, with that sort of happy-go-lucky mode of acting which distinguishes corporate bodies in the Antipodes, adjourned the repairs un- til a future day, and the bridge continued to be used as freely as before. The de- struction, however, caused by the flood was soon merged in a fresh sensation, for Mor- gan was now seen driving about alone in his buggy, and the rubicund face of Mrs. Morgan was conspicuous for its absence. At first no one thought of questioning the surly farmer, but after a time curiosity overcame prejudice, and Mrs. Marker, meeting him one day on the way to market, boldly attempted to solve the sexed ques- tion. 'Is Mrs. Morgan ill, that we see nothing of her now ?' asked she. 'III ; how should I know whether she is ill or well ?' answered he sulkily. 'Not know whether your wife is ill or well' ? repeated Mrs. Marker, in accents of profound astonishment. Retorted he : 'Is there anything won- derful in a man not knowing what is going on somewhere else ?' 'I don't understand you,' stammered Mrs Marker. '1 don't see that there is any need, for you to do so,' snapped he, ' but if you want the whole truth, here it is : the jade has left me again.' ' Left you ; and, pray, when did she do so ?' demanded Mrs. Marker, more inter- ested than ever. ' Oh, about a fortnight or three weeks ago,' answered he. ' That is impossible,' remarked the lady, decisively, 'for the floods were out, and no living soul could have left the valley.' ' What do you mean by talking to me about living souls?' growled the man savagely. 'I don't charge my memory with facts about a worthless woman, and I can't see what people want to go ferreting out information which does not concern them,' and with these words he applied the whip vigorously to the chestnut, and in a very brief period was out of sight. Mrs. Marker lost no time in disseminating the startling intelligence of the second separ- ation between man and wife, and many gueses were hazarded as to the cause of the flight of Mrs. Morgan. By degrees, however, it began to be re- membered that the floods were out at the time of the disappearance, and that no one had seen the departure of the wife-nay, more, no one had set eyes on her for some time before. At last the talk became so loud, and the suspicions of foul play rose to such a mag- nitude, that the police officials thought it necessary to take the matter up, and accordingly a domiciliary visit was paid to the farm of the deserted husband. He received the troopers with his usual sullen demeanour, but offered no opposition to their researches. He lit his pipe, and throwing himself into a chair, told them they might search every nook and corner of the house. 'But mind,' he added, ' if you do any damage, I shall hold you re- sponsible, and you and my lawyer will have to settle the matter.' The police availed themselves of the charily granted permission, and proceeded with their perquisitions. The missing woman was certainly not immured in any part of the house, a fact concerning which there bad been very strong suspicious ; but, on the other hand, trunks marked with her initials, a large stock of wearing apparel, and various essentially feminine articles were dis- covered. After a long and wearisome search, the police returned to the room where the master of the house was still seated, lazily watching the wreaths of smoke as they curled up to the ceiling from the bowl of his pipe. 'Well,' said he, with his habitual sneer, ' have you found the old woman ?' ' I want to know how it is that Mrs Morgan, when she went away, left all her clothes and belongings behind her?' answered the officer. 'Do you really now ?' retorted Morgan. ' It strikes me that you want to know a great deal more than I am going to tell you.' 'Look here, Morgan,' remarked the official, ' it will be better for you in the end to make a clean breast of it, I can assure you.' Morgan started from his seat and dashed his pipe fiercely upon the ground. 'How dare you speak' to me like that ?' cried he, with a volley of oaths. ' Am I to consider myself in custody ?' 'Why, you know well enough that you are not,' returned-the officer. ' Then get out of my house, or I will have you indicted for trespassing,' shouted the angry man, as he flung open the door, and motioned to the troopers to leave the house. There was no help for it. Nothing had been found which would cause suspicion, and the crestfallen police had to do as they were ordered, and leave Morgan to his own devices. And now a change came over the farmer, and from a temperance man he became a frequenter of bars and liquor shops. Day after day he was to be found in one or other of those places, indulging freely ; and had not the old chestnut been one of the most sédate of animals, and taken matters into hïs own hands when he found his master incapable of directing his movements, Mor- gan must have certainly have broken his neck after some of his debauches. It was noticed, however, that there was a certain amount of method in Morgan's alco- holic madness. He never remained out after dark, or if he did so, and had to cross the bridge on his return home, he would make arrangements for sleeping where he was, and not make a start until the next morning. By degrees, the gossip relating to the disappearance of Mrs. Morgan died away, and fresh topics cropped up, which afforded food for conversation. One evening Mr. and Mrs. Marker had been entertaining a party of friends, some half-a-dozen in number, and, as it was a lovely night, agreed to walk with them as far as the bridge, on their way home. The moon, as has been said was a very brilliant ohe, and objects were discernible by its light at a great distance. As they merry party neared the bridge, laughing and joking, they caught sight of What appeared to be a female figure sitting on or resting against the rail of the bridge. Wondering who it could be who had selected the bridge rail for a seat at that hour of night, the little party moved quietly forward, when, as they got abreast of the figure, it suddenly vanished. Scarcely believing their eyes, they moved forward a few paces, when, on looking round, they perceived the figure in the same position which it bad occupied before. Several of the ladies shrieked and gave signs of fainting, and Mr. Marker and a friend, mustering up courage, walked up to the figure. As they neared it Marker hurled a heavy stick he carried full at it. The missile went clean through the figure, and fell with a dull splash into the stream below, and at the same time his companion called out, ' Great heavens, it is Mrs. Morgan.' Hardly had the words escaped his lips, than the swift clatter of a horse's feet was heard, and the rolling of wheels, as if some vehicle was being driven at a furious rate. In another moment a buggy appeared, drawn by a chestnut horse, and standing uf in it was Morgan, mad with drink, and lashing his horse furiously. The great chestnut was white with foam, its ears were laid back on its head, and its eyeballs were almost starting out of its head as if with terror. Right and left the little party scattered to avoid the furious rush of the drunken driver, and as they did so, they all dis- tinctly saw a white figure standing full in the path of the half-maddened animal. It was all over in a minute. The chest- nut, with a shrill neigh of terror swerved half round, and dashing the buggy against the rails, sprang over them. For an in- stant the unhappy animal remained sus- pended over the water, then with a crash and a harsh, rending sound, wood and leather gave way, and it felt into the river, striking heavily against one of the obut- tresses of the bridge as it did so. The spectators of this terrible scene stood against, , watching the white figure, which for an instant bent over the ruins of the buggy, and then vanished as myster- iously as it had done before. No human aid could avail Morgan ; his neck was broken, and when he was raided from the ground he was quite dead. * * * * Next morning there was quite a crowd of visitors to inspect the scene of the tragedy, and then for the first time a search was made for the horse. Men in boats with long poles began sounding the river, and at length the car- case of the drowned animal was discovered, having been sucked by the current into the fissure of the damaged buttress. One of the spectators, a young man who had obtained some renown as a swimmer, volunteered to dive and fasten a rope round the animal, by which it could be hauled up to the surface. After a rather protracted absence beneath the water, he came up to the surface and with face pale with agitation, murmured, 'l've got the rope round something; for Heaven's sake help me into the boat, for I feel deadly sick.' As soon as this had been done, a dozen willing hands strained at the rope, when, instead of the body of the chestnut, the horribly decomposed corpse bf Mrs. Morgan appeared on the surfaoe of the water. A universal cry of horror rang out from the bridge, and from both banks of the river, as the terrible truth was made mani- fest ; and as soon as possible the remains of the murdered woman were removed to the mortuary of the hospital at Windsor. Murdered she had assuredly been, for round her neck was tightly twisted a sillk handkerchief which bore her husband's name, and which had certainly been the means of causing her death. It was supposed that Morgan had strangled her during the floods, for the sake of the money she possessed, and had thrown the body into the river in the hope that it might, be borne far away ; but the force of the water had jambed it into the fissure, and Providence had permitted the spirit of the murdered woman to appear upon the spot beneath which her body was lying. The surprising spiritual manifestation was a good deal talked of at the time, and for many months afterwards the inhabitants of both Windsor and Richmond were excces- sively shy of crossing the bridge, especially upon a moonlight night, any time about Christmastide. 