HAMLETIANA. . To tho I-Tdltor of "Tbo Herald." hlr,— Some years ago several ShakespcrUn scholars in this colony— and thero are more of them than eouic dilettanti readers would Ima- gine-cnguged In au Interesting controversy a to whether Hamlet was reallv mad or Judici- ously shamming. I am not going to Inflict my own opinion upon you beyond saying that un less tbe Dnntsh Prince was shamming fur a purpose. I cannot see the "motif" of tho play. Of course, the theory Is tenable that he might have gone nn shamming madness until he shammed hlmiclf into tho rial article, but 1 dun't advance R. I would merely obsorvo that Mr Wilson Harrett's conception on this polut L a rovlvlcatlon of Walter Montgomery's, who mado It o specially apparent In tho scene with Ophelia when the Prince ha (Uncovered tint thu King and Potonius are eavesdropping. A mo ment before he had been talking ranely enough, but in an Instant hi tone it changed to one of Irsano bitterness. Tho same with thu question of age. All Hamlet' speeches and actions are thoso of a dreamy youth fresh from a col lege of those days. Ilad he been a man of thirty the chsnres are that a Crown Prince bo would bnve had a party at bin back and been able to deal with his uncle on his own account. Hut. apropos of thl cri ticism 1 remember ono that appeared In' "Tho Flowers of Literature" eouie forty-five years ago ou the subject of a possible additional clia- rnclrr to tho play, ono "Marshall Stalk." Tho critic In -thl Instance exprcsed bin desire to correct an apparent error in tho Hdu in tho first act— "Twice bnfore, and Jump at this dead hour, with martial stalk hath he gone by." Contending that tho reading should bo "Mar shall Stalk." It was not probable, ho contended, that a King's ghost-especially King who— "smate thu sledded Polncks on tbe lee"— would walk about without some officer In attendance, and who 0 likely to be on duly on such an important occasion ns a commander of high rank. Thl contention wns further supported by an allusion to tho well known "ravlaro to tho 'General' " in the play scene— a rnnk which Marshall. Stalk would probably havo held at the titno of tho first visit of tho players to Klsluore. 1 remember alto that «ome one chore to take this criticism "au rcrleux." and that it was not until the 6mo critic expressed his opinions with regard to thn ballad of "Hilly Taylor" that the Shakespearian "zealot dis covered the error of his way.-I am. ele.. much ado. 