sporting lotus am lotions. Br Nunqxtam Dormio. The New South Wales men have once more scored heavily over us in the matter of the Newmarket Handicap by finishing first and third. tv. -ail nr. rmr p.rm Cif bitterness, the second horse Reaper, is likewise a product of sunny N.S.W., albeit he is now located with Mr. J. Wilson, senior, of Queenscliff. The Throe Vowels and Three Consonants tip vouchsafed by me to the readers of Table Talk on the 14t.b of January (three days before the weights were declared) panned out all right; and in this connection I will now let you into a bit of a secret. When I gave that tip there were 106 horses in the race, and as Amiable filled the bill to a nicety, the information presents the appearance at the present moment as being but a very slight remove from inspiration. But when I open your eyes thereanent you will perceive that there was something more than a soup^on of the " Confidence Trick " about the transaction, after all. Tou see if you came to analyse the names of the 106 you would discover that there were no less than Twelve of them which were constituted by three vowels and three consonants. That is so ! Here they are:—Amiable, Reaper, Veloce, Orient (the only four that started). E'usive, Talavera, The Tola, Patriot, Virtue, Loez-Me Tamino, Hempie and Alabaculia. So that with any of the dozen flopping up, I would be in the beautiful position to point out and say—" There ! Do you not see P There is the Very Animal named! " And no one could say me " Nay." Of course 12 wasn't much of a percentage out of 106,and right through the piece I stuck to Amiable as a likely factor. There was nothing in her form on the Flemington training track to warrant the assumption that she could play with the opposition as she did; and had it not been for the fact that she was so stoutly backed by her party whenever the odds offered against her expanded a point or two the touts at headquarters would never have dreamt of giving her a ghost of a show. You can take it from me that Newspaper Tips are in the vast majority of instances guided solely by the betting in the Victorian . Club. rooms. Amiable's victory in the Newmarket Handicap depleted the satchels of the bookmakers to the extent of fully .£35,000. Humphrey Oxenham and The Count alone dropped close up to .£6000 over the event; but had Sailor Boy (" Oxy's" own representative) but have " taken the liberty" (to quote Count Abrahams' feeling expression)- to come in first that firm would have pulled off some £15,000 in wagers besides saving equally as much more. The supporters of Mr. James Wilson's stable accorded the Reaper a generous support at 33, to 1; but although the veteran felt confident the grey son of Gozo would run well he did not fail to recognise that the opposition included some tremendously fast sprinters. Along with just missing the Newmarket Mr. Wilson bad the misfortune, to lose the services,of his mare Amnesty dunng therAutumn meetings, she having broken down (albeit not hopelessly as yet) during a gallop at Queenscliff on Friday. Amnesty's name figured amongst the nominations for the principal •vents at the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting to be held at Sandwick during the Eastertide. The Resolute bubble burst over the great six-furlong event, and those who pmned their faith to the St. Alban's representative after his " run" in the Oakleigh Plate were left Personally I had not the pleasure of witnessing Resolute's performance at CaulBeld, but on reducing the thing to facts and figures, I signally failed to discover what there was to rave about m his exploit. In an event where no other contestant ^ukl (°^ would) set a lmin. lOsacs gait for five and a half furlongs, Resolute got homo by a head with 8-11 on his back. Now 1-10 for 5* furlongs would represent 1-16 and 4-llths for six furlongs, whilst Resolute was called upon to put up 121b. more m the Newmarket Handicap. "When Resolute won the Oakleigh Plate he averaged 17 yards and 10 inches every second, and when Amiable began to skip over her journey at an average of 17 yards 2 feet and 6 inches every second Resolute failed to respond. Had Amiable been in the Oakleigh Plate under the same conditions she would have cut out the 5} furlongs in a sixth of a second under 1-8 It was next door to a moral certainty that with fine weather the Newmarket Handicap would be run in 1'15 or under, and Resolute s Oakleigh Plate performance was a good remove from that. " Oh, but," the admirers of Resolute may remonstrate, "you are not putting the matter quite fairly, because you appear to ignore the fact that Resolute did not have a clear run in the Newmarket, and. another thing, you are accepting a fact that the going at Caulfield is as fast as that at Flemington." Well, I must admit that Resolute appeared to be badly interfered with just after entering the couise proper; but still, j when he did get free, he could not "foot it" against Reaper or Amiable And with regard to ..the difference in the going between Caulfield and Fleming-, ton, figures again demonstrate that, for fivo furlongs and a half at least, "the classic heath" is quite as fast—if not faster—than headquarters. Per J example: Wild Rose won her Oakleigh Plate at^ Caulfield in lmin. 7sec.—equal to 1-13 and 1-lltb" ■ I for six furlongs. Now the record for Flemington is i 1-14. When Wild Rose won the Oakleigh Plate she. carried 7-5, and went up 141b. (to 8-5) for the Newmarket Handicap immediately afterwards. She* didn't win that event (there was a neddy named Bungebah browsing round about that time), but she annexed it the subsequent year, with the name 8-5, in 1-15}. Wild Rose's 1-7 for the 5£ furlongs represented 18 yards 2 inches each and every second. But, after a rather lengthened experience of the Colonial Turf I have arrived at the conclusion that studying the betting market, or getting tips, or working it out by figures, or any other " fake" you may get up to are each and all so much vanity and vexation of spirit. There's only One Way in which you can stand a possible chance of spotting a winner occasionally. Mind you—it's only occasionally, after all. Would you like to know it? Mix One Grain of Common Sense (the commoner the better) with Nine Hundred and Ninety-nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Ninety-nine Tons of Luck (unparalleled luckifpossible).That'8bowImanageto drop onto one or two winners at odd times. Try it for yourselves, and if it comes off trumps, well and good. But whatever you do don't keep on trying it too long. For if you persist in it—good as that recipe is—you will finish up in the Benevolent Asylum—sure! Perhaps not quite so quickly as you will by following the advice of the "other bogus tipsters," but you'll "get there all the same." The late Newmarket Handicap has been a sore experience for the bookmakers, only two horses out of the 106 handicapped being backed for anything like big money. As soon as ever the weights appeared Amiable was supported to win several thousands down to (and at) luO's to 6. and had it not been for Resolute cropping up so opportunely it would have been a veritable One Horse Race so far as the betting was concerned. Just prior to her disqualification for 12 months Amiable, then four years old, carried 9-5 at Rosehill, was backed down to 2 to 1, and simply " smothered" a field of 12 others (including Parthenopceus 7-5) in a Flying Handicap of six furlongs, traversed in lmin 16}sec How her party must have chuckled when they found her on the 8-12 mark in the Newmarket Handicap. ' It was a case of a double " spoil •" mHP1' the handicap, and her backers " spoilt ^ makers. 5 There's an old Scottish aphorism t : that " Hawk's dinna peck oot hawks'eoa 1 Antipodes w« find Fielders fattening r3' F And they didn't throw a single ohanof.3 P They had the piece of stuff, and they t ' I< of good care to have the right nmn ! didn't want any " hugging of the r^%' 0,1' The centre of the course was ijuito u-r\ A. C. Dolaney. Which only «|,ow" ,' se'.. tremely soft snap he must have thtn iciV fcfi elbow-room. sat Amiable was originally sold as a v at mc guineas, but after her 12 months' rnf became the property of Mr. S. Fielder *1 guineas for her along with certain "C(r Ac' Bully for the " contingencies." tie Mr. S. Fielder was very confident iinec ability to win—barring an accident. r'L accident bad happened to him with neat'a certainty for the selfsame event in a w Vanita9, who finished second to Luin.irs wl Newmarket Handicap of 1895, and again L lu got euchred for the Canlfiold Cup whfj E downed Parthenopoous, Mr. Fieldor began® bit " gallid "—not to say superstitious-*® to bis luck in Victoria, and prior to tbK assured his intimates that if ho didn't pi K( Newmarket Handicap with Amiable ttii" would never run another horse at Fler. Caulfield again. *fi —:— mu There were two or three exceptionally;^5 formances at Flemington on Saturdayances that may repay keeping in rememhi:; instance, the t wo-year-old Safety (I'adlo:; ciirtfoutvthe five furlongs of the Hopeful ^ lmin. 2#see., and that improving colt i [j.., r(Gossoon—Cinnamon) finished within her. Safety's name d/ies. not figure in 4'" edition 6( Mr. Archie Yuille's Australian 5 neither does that of her dam—Mona. Ties imported inare Mona (by Young Trumpet?' v Rataplan mare Montana) at one time inv Town's Hobartville Stud, who, in lss,V Ronda to Trenton, There have been t, from her published since 1892, so that | may be the dam of Safety. Cardamon is from that great brood nto £■ mon (the dam of Abercorn), and is the pi r the Ballarat sportsman, Mr. W. T. .Tons' Then Cordite made things "hum''miSires' Produce Stakes (worth over £t)"0 f Cbirnside), as he negotiated the sk h lmin. 14^3ec., and silenced the prett. Mr. W. Bailey's highly-priced younM. (full brother to Cobbity and Coil) lengths. Corbite still further « fame of the rising young sire, Xahn=t claiming the same maternity a* V Hymettus, both recent winners. ! racing pedigree back he hails from the mighty! the sire's side of the house, and so far s. ; . Busy Bee, is concerned, she is exn-omply ,F seeing that she is a daughter of The Mar, of Newminster) from Beeswing, ho in descent from Spa (dam of Newniiustor.) r well with him Cordite bids fair ro ho •: winter favourites for next season's Battalion lis a veritable battler. Hu-b the success of his charge, Cordue. in Produce Stakes, the Burrumba t patched Wait-a-Bit to try conc'iisi^' Queensland champion in the woightdor- idon Stakes, but although the Mil"flF .. things particularly lively for eleven > couldn't hold his own against the Ceterar-g of the son.of Battailous, who traverser!c pr, a half in the really splendid time or By the way that was a feather ■ " to finish within a length and a hair or '|o: the termination of such a fast-run Ifti I rite must have cavorted over at event in something under ittalion registered that time iie yards behind him at the 0 finer-looking mares stripped niable and Loch Marie. And were ever two better weight-* ther. Mr. S. Fielder talks to England. They ought to , as specimens of the capain the matter of improving k>chiel sired both, of them, e—Prince Charlie—was the •or" in England, albeit the of the Two-Year-Old Course." English veterinary authori>" is not hereditary. th respect to the Melbourne ted" at —Day after day the in and excitement are kept at 1 each day is done the people > be fresh for the race in the e end of the great week ings and transportation > for vay to their remote homes j and losses, and order next then lie,down and sleep two 7 to reflect that a whole year w or other before they can be still manages to ikeep up his ikmaker, even in broad EngEnglish authority in Tattooms in London it is now for J21Q,000 unless the horse st own. Josephus wants to appeared to be somewhat inclusion. of the Brunswick d as a result the stewards straightway "jacketed" him with his mount. The same uded to by Rudyard Kipling Bn—the jockey rides ; ,ck—the owners own ; its of things besides, lave this play alone." ould never bring myself to iing out a two mile and a ripps evidently administered nd when he came at the field alf-a-mile from home he had arid before another furlong Sis stable companion Beau 'ery prominently up to that of course, when the blue put in an appearance it wa3 jacket with gold spots to an- in Australia pays more nself in first-class trim for alker, who steered Ayrshire . Morning after morning, 1 the year round, you will find ay light on th e Flemingtorl lires his services—there he en, alas! " free, gratis and aly on the-morning of the lian Cup that he yraa com> shabby manner a number ready to -avail themselves orning treat him' over the' transaction.1 " They must imagine I ride for the mere pleasure of the thing," he remarked, " and do -not seem to think that I have to live. Take the case of So-and-So. After riding his horse, Klondykeseeker, three or four gallops here without any remuneration, he wins a good race for them, and then they never offer me a .bean. Of course, if a horse doesn't win you can hardly expect to get anything j but after pulling off a good stake they might remember the poor jockey who helped their horse through bis preparation." And then he told me a very funny yarn, which hiad a particular z03t added to it later on in the day. It appears some little time back Master Richard | was engaged by an owner to go up country to ride for him at a provincial meeting. While he was there his "boss " (*3 Dicky styled the gentleman who had engaged him) happened to meet an acquaintance, when the latter asked him if he knew where he would be likely to get hold of a good jockey who could ride 7-5. " What would it be worth ? " said the " boss." " Oh " replied the other, "it's only a paltry pony race for a j£6 prize, but I fancy I would be certain to win if I had a good jockey up, and under any circumstances I wouldn't1 mind slinging him 25 bob if it won or 10 bob if it lost." "I'll tell you what I'll do, "replied his friend; " make it. 10 bob for a losing mount and 30 bob for a winning one, and I will get you one of the best horsemen in Australia." " Right you are," was the rejoinder, the thing was settled, Dicky Walker had the mount, and the pony finished third. When he was handing back his colours, seeing that there was no symptoms of " parting " on the part of the pony's owner, Walker remarked—" 1 will trouble you for half a'sovereign if you please." "But you didn't win," was the reply. " I was to get half a sovereignf or the losing mount though," said Walker. " Well, look here." said the embryo Duke of Portland; " the fact is I have only three bob left, and you can have that if you like." Dicky refused the munificent amount and interviewed the stewards, who ordered the owner to pay the money. Which be has hob done,by the way,up to the present. Dicky ought to have collared the three bob. He wasn't to know that an Australian Cup winning mount was looming in the immediate future—was he ? R. Walkor, though a native of Melbourne, spent some years in India, where he rode for " Bill" Beresford. Coming back to Victoria he carried off the V;R.C. Derby for Mr. Robert Howie with Suwarrow in 1879. Old Steve Mahon, who knew something about racehorses and jockeys—as a Curragh of Kildare must of necessity do—always maintained that Dicky Walker had the finest pair of hands for guiding an irritable or fractious horse that ever he had seen a jockey with in his life. It's really marvellous how the most vicious of horses toned down when he began to talk to and coax them. It was 110 disgrace for Aurum to get nearer than, third with the poultice of 9-3 on his back. I had been round the running track early on Tuesday morning, and found it very holding at the back of the course, near the abattoirs. After the special waterings it had to receive during the recent spell of hot weather, the downpour on Monday afternoon had rendered it somewhat moist. That was how it came about the race occupied 4min. 3Jsec. Tou see Aurum had lllb. more on his back than Dreadnought had when he won the Australian Cup, and Dreadnought's 8-6 was the greatest weight ever a three-year-old bore to victory in that special event. And even then Dreadnought only just squeezed home from Melos. No! Aurum is still a Champion, even if he did not quite come up to the expectations of the miracle- mongers. . Bobadil was unquestionably the fastest two-yearold in the Ascot Yale Stakes at the weights, bub his backers were jolly lucky to get their wagers all the same, as he undoubtedly interfered with Cordite's chance when he swerved from the outside of the course over to the rails. He never collided with Cordite nor was he within the orthodox three lengths when he chopped right in front of the Sires* Produce Stakes winner, but all the same for that Anwin took precious good care to "mike haste slowly " when he saw him making bis " blackguard rush" in his direction. Had not Anwin taken a judicious pull I fool convinced there wonld have been a serious collision. "Aperienbly" (as Betsy Prig . was wont to put it) "Whernside does not like the going at Caulfieldas well as at Flemington. On the classic heath he has been, invariably "downed," whilst over Flemigton he appears to be invincible—nothing having the ghost of a squeak with him after the last obstacle has been negotiated. Mr. Septimus Miller puts the discrepancy down to the fact that at Caulfield the fences are not " high " enough for him. A strict adherence to the John Knox avowment re conscience, however, compels me to admit that quite a number of my racing friends, and some prominent trainers amongst the number, have " winked the other eye" on my advancing the excuse. But still the cove with the hundred eyes maintains that his owaer didn't have a shilling about him. Shilling, quotha, I don't think anyhow that Mr. Septimus Miller indulges in bob wagers. Resolute simply "waltzed home" iu the Boiirke Handicap with 9-8 but then the seven furlongs occupied lmin. 30sec.—a difference of 16secs. for the extra furlong as compared with Amiable's register in the Newmarket Handicap. The probabilities are that Resolute was harried off his legs on Saturday, besides getting into a bit of a mix-up daring the scramble., These pages having to go to press prior to the third day's racing I am precluded from offering any opinion anent Saturday's events farther than to hazard- the opinion that if Amiable has a cut at Amberite in the All-aged Stakes the crack will burst up should he sub-sequently attempt to try conclusions with Battalion, in the Loch Plate. 