OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF. "A CHRISTMAS CAROL," by Charles Dickens. Dickens is my favourite author for Christmas time, and though I am fond of some of his other Christmas books, there are bits in. '"The Chimes" that are delightful. The description of the midnight wind in the Church, for instance, gives one a cold shiver on the hottest day, and Mrs. Chickenstalker and her shop, and the dance at the eiid of the story, one "would not like to give up. I have a tender comer in mv heart for "The Battle of Life,"' if only for Clemancy Newcome's sake, though the rest of tiie characters are unreal and the whole story slight; and " I he Cric-ket on the Hearth"' is charming rifht through; but the "Carol" is best after all. It is, as you will see if you look at the title page, "A short Story for Christmas." The preface runs as follows:— '"I have endeavoured in this ghostly little bcok to raite the Ghost of an Idea, which slia.II not put niy readers out ot humour with themselves, with each other, with the season, or with cc. I\Iay it haunt their houses pleasantly, and no one wish to lay it. •"Their faithful friend and servant, '"C. D." December, 1843. More than fifty years ago, and far from being laid that ghost of an idea, growing more and more real, has liauuted people ever since, or so I like to think. The carol is appropriately divided into five staves. Stave the first begins ill a inin/ir key, anything but cheerful. Scrooge's partner is dead, Scrooge himself never given much to good humour is in a worse one than usual because it is Christmas Eve. In his dingy office on a foggy afternoon the story opens. Scrooge's nephew comes to wish him a Merrv Christmas, and asks him to dinner nest day. Scrooge is by no means grateful. '"Merry Christmas! Out upon a merry Christmas! What's Christmas time to you, 6ut a time for paying bills without money; a time for finding yourself a year older, and not an hour richer; a time for balancing your books, and having every item in 'em through a round dozen of months presented dead against ydti? "If I could work my will," said Scrooge indignantly, "every idiot who goes about with 'Merry Christines' on his lips, should be boiled with his own pudding, and buried with, a stake of hollr through liis heart." This is discouraging, but Scrooge's nephew, nothing daunted, gives his opinion of Christinas:— "I have always thought of Christmas-time when it has come round—apart from the veneration due to its sacred origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from thati —as a pood time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time; tiie only time I know of in the long calendar of the year when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they were really fellow- passengers? to the grave, and not another race/of creatures bound on another journey. And therefore, unde, though it has never put a scrap of gold or silver in my pocket, I believe that it has dont- me good, and will do me good; and I say, 'God bless it.' " Si'rooge, not to be softened, ends by answering all his nephew's arguments, entreaties, and good wishes by "Good afternoon." Asked later on to contribute to a fund for giving food and fuel to the poor that wintry weather, he refuses. There are workhouses, be sr.ys, and concludes by saying:— "It's not'my business. It's enough for a man to understand his own business, and not to interfere with other people's. Mine occupies rr:e constantly. Good afternoon, gentlemen." Be grumbles at his clerk for wanting to keep Christmas, and after dining at a rnvern and spending his evening over his .Bankbook he goes home to bed—that is where the ghostly part of the story begins; His rooms are in a/aingy, gloomv old building, the rest of frhieh is .let out as oflioes. For tie description of the wintry night and the dismal old house I must refer you to the book. You roust read for yourself, too, how the ghost of Marley, Scrooge's late partner, comes clank, clanking up the stairs, dragging a chain. Notice that chain, for it has something to do with the idea which runs through the wl^jle book. It is made "of cash bo es, keys, padlocks, ledgers, deeds, and heavy purees wrought in steel." Asked why he walks the earth, the ghost sa3 r s:— '"It is required of every man -that the spirit within him should walk abroad among his fellow-men, and travel far and vride: and if that spirit goes not forth in life, it is condemned to do so after death. Jt is doomed to wander through the world and witness what it cannot share, but might have shared on earth and turned to happiness." When the ghost is going Scrooge sees other ghosts wearing chains like Marlcy's, and mourning over want and sorrow that they could not help. "The misery with them all rras, clearlv, that they sought to interfere for good in human matters, and had lost the power for ever." . Can you think of a worse punishment for selfishness and greed—to see all that one might have done, to watch sorrow and sickness and want, and not to be able to hela? It is a punishment that comes sometimes before we die. Are there not chances in most l»ves passed by heedlessly, only to be realised too late. "If only'' and "It might have been." Few are happy enough, not to know something of their sting. But it is not a preaching book. Do.i't run off with that idea, please. Before it went, Marley's Ghost told Scrooge, much to his disgust, that he should be haunted by three spirits. In stave two the first spirit comes—the Ghost of Christmas Past—a strange, shimmering, changing figure, now clearly seen, now dim and almost lost to sight, like a child, but with muscular hands and arms, as if its hold was strong. It shows Scrooge himself as a lonely little boy left at school when all the other boys have gone home for the Christmas holidays, reading "Robinson Crusoe" and the "Arabian Nights" in the bare, cold schoolroom. Again as an aprentice (if you do not Like Fezziwig's ball F shall be disappointed m you). Again as •i young man beginning to forget all else in love of money, and last as his mean, cold, narrow self, lonely and friendless by choice. Each scene is a clear, bright Christmas picture. After the party in Fezziwigg's warehouse, which Scrooge has watched with delight from the time when the jolly old man tells his apprentice to clear the warehouse till after the dances, the "Cold Roast," and "Cold Boiled," minee pies, &c.;, and the grand final of Sir Roger de Coverley, the guests have gone, he linds the ghost watching him. "A small matter," said the Ghost, "to make these silly folks so full of gratitude." "Small?" echoed Scrooge. The Spirit signed to him to listen to the two apprentices, who were pouring out their hearts in praise of Fezziwig, and when he had done so, said:— "Why! Is it not? He has spent but a few pounds of your mortal money; three or four, perhaps. Is that so much that he deserves this praise?" "It isn't that," said Scrooge, heated by the remark, and speaking unconsciously like his former, not his latter self. "It isn't that, Spirit. He has the power to render us happy or unhappy; to make our service light or burdensome; a pleasure or a toil. Say that his power lies in words or in looks; in things so slight and insignificant that it is impossible to add and count 'em up; what then? The happiness he gives is quite as great as if it cost a fortune." He felt the Spirit's glance, and stopped. "What is the matter.'" asked the Ghost. "Nothing particular," said Scrooge. "Something, I think," the Ghost insisted. "No," said Scrooge, "no: I should like to be able to say a word or two to my clerk just now. That's all." So you see he was beginning to learn his lesson. Not that it ended then, for no sooner has the Ghost of Christmas Past done with him, than the Ghost of Christmas Present takes him in hand, and shows him all that is going en, takes him through the streets when the snow is being shovelled from the housetops (read the descriptions carefully for they are well worth it), and the shops all at their brightest with crowds of buyers all in a hurry and the best of tempers. I never see a grocer's shop at Christmas time without thinking of that bit. "The Grocers! oh, the Grocers! nearly closed, with perhaps two shutters down or one; but through those gaps such glimpsesl It was not alone that tne scale descending on the counter made a merry sound, or that the twine and roller parted company so briskly, or that the caimisters were rattled up and down like juggling tricks, or even that the blended scents of tea and coffee even so grateful to the nose, or even that the raisins were so plentiful and rare, the almonds so extremeiy white, the sticks of cinnamon so long and straight, the other i spices so delicious, the candied fruits so caked and spotted with molten sugar as to make the coldest lookers-on feel faint and 1 subsequently" bilious. Nor was it that the j figs were moist and puipy, or that the French plums blushed modest tartness from tiicir hishly decorated hoses, or that everything was good io eat, and in its Christmas dre»=; but the customers were all so hur-! ried, and so eager in the hopeful promise of : the dav, that liiev tumbled up against eaehi other at the door, crashing their wicker j baskets wildly, and left t-neir purchases upon the counter, and came running back to fetch them, and committed hundreds of the like mistakes in the best humour possible; while the grocer and his people were so frank and fresh, that the polished hearts with wliich they fastened their aprons be-1 hind might have been their own, worn outide for general inspection, and for Christmas daws to peck at if they chose." The Spirit takes Scrcoge to the home of bis clerk, Bob Cratchit, and he sees Mrs. Cratchit, and her daughter who is apprenticed to a milliner, and all the little Cratchit's down 'to Tiny Tim, who told his lather coming home from Church, "That l;p hoped the people saw him in the Church, because he was a cripple, and it might be pleasant to reiiienibei upon Christmas Day ivh;> made lame beggars walk and blind mpn bee." I am not going to tell you about the Cratrhit's Christmas dinner—a small goose and a by no means large pudding, but a feast to them—it is too long to give whole and too cood to 6poil by cutting it up in snippets. Tn a lonely lighthouse, on a ship a± sea, in a lonely cottage, in all sorts of places they find some recognition of Christmas—gentler thoughts and words, brighter faces, kinder actions for His coming. They arrive at last at Scrooge's nephew's!—the very party to which Scrooge had so roughly refused to go. Shall we just take a peep at them? They had music lirst, then— "After a while they played at forfeits; for it is good to be children sometimes, and never better than at Christmas, when its mighty Founder was a child Himself." They had Blindman's Buff, and How, When, and Where, and Scrooge played, though no one could hear him, and when a new game was begun begged to stay. t "It was a game, called Yes and No, when Scrooge's nephew had to think of something and the rest must find out- what, he only answering to their questions yes or no, as the case was. The brisk fire of questioning to which he was exposed elicited from him that he was thinking of a.n animal—a live i animal, rather a disagreable animal^ a savage animal, an animal that growled and grunted sometimes, and talked sometimes, and lived in London, and walked about the streets, and wasn't made a show of, and wasn't led by anybody, and didn't live in a menagerie, and was never killed in a marker, and was not a horse, or an ass, or a cow, or a bull, or a tiger, or a dog, or a pig, or a cat, or a bear. At every fresh question that was nut to him, this nenhew burst into a fresh roar of laughter; and was so inexpressibly tickled that lie was obliged to get ofi' the sofa and stamp. At last the plump sister, falling into a similar state, cried out— "I have found it out'! I know what it is, Fred! I know what it is!" "What is it?" cried Fred. "it's your uncle Scro-d-o-ooge!" But, dear me! I must not make such long quotations. I was tempted to dwell on that game because it was a sre_at favourite of Charles Dickens's, who was very clever at guessing what others had thought of and at thinking of things difficult to guess. The third spirit—the Ghost of Christ was yet to come—had many sad things to show. It showed Scrooge himself dead, but unregretted. Tiny Tim—dead too, and. leaving w w O E t such a blank in the lives of the poor Cratcliits—a short stave and a sad one. Stave five is brighter—makes up for it all, in fact, for Scrooge was alive after all, and the future could be changed by making the' most of the present, and giving belp and comfort wherever he could, and giving happiness to all aronnd, beginning, as was onlv right, with those near him—Bob Cratchit first of all. So the chain was broken, and that most hopeless sorrow—the thought of lost opportunities for doing good—avoided. Do not imagine that I have told yoi^ the story. Read it for yourself, and see if " I have not left out all the beet bits- Make friends with the Cratchits, follow the Spirit of Christmas present from place to place; and if, besides giving you a happy hour or so, the "carol" sets you thinking how. many people you can make happy, so much the better. I have just heard of one thing -we could' do—and I may as- well ask- you what you think of it at once. In a letter now before me from Sister MuUaney, of the District Trained Nursing Society, she writes as follows:— "We are always in want of plenty of old bnen (any clean, white rags will do—they need not necessarily be linen). Old -magazines, illustrated papers, books, &c.;, we are always glad of for lending to our patients. Sometimes a patient who has had a long illness and has read all the books in the house or at his disposal, is very grateful for something fresh to read and interest him f or a few hours." The linen I believe Uncle Harry would take charge of—it is not in my department, but the books are. How would you like to make our Bookshelf a reality, not for ourselves, but for others? Would it not be nice if we, -who are all so fond of books, could share our pleasures in them with those to whom they might mean so much—rest for a while, from, pain, freedom from anxious thoughts, companyloneliness, something to shorten a little t"?_ lon g> * on g weary hours? y remember that the District Trained pursing Society was one of the many charitl e ® ioT wbich Dr. Campbell worked heart ? cd siral - .It is the one by which he will be l n <>st missed, eo any help will be doubly welcome now. How sadly the loss of his fMutant kindness and thonghtfulness will be n u rses and patients I cannot ®^". VVouid you not like this Christmas _ do , something for those for whom hie thought, and planned, and "worked? I shall be happy to take charge of and forward any books sent to me; let' me hear what you think about it. Magaz:nes, illustrated papers, books, such afi you "^ould like to read if you were ill would be welcome. We could not do better j ttan 6tart . ^th Christmas numbers—.what do you say? MAGPIE.. 