POSSESSIONS BRITAIN HAS GIVEN xlJIMr. CUBA ONCE BELONGED TO US. According to the typical Continental statesman. John Bull is the biggest land grabber cn the face of the globe. France and Germany more especially are never tired of sneering at our alieged - earth hunger." Indeed, if these latter critics and rivals are to be believed, tve have not only stolen with a free hand in Africa, in America and in Asia, but we are only prevented by lack of proper transport facilities from annexing Mars and establishing a protectorate over Jupiter. There may be some truth in ail this. The British Empire has a knack of growing. No .one can deny that. But, on the other band, we have — within the last 100 years or so — actually given away what to any other na tion would constitute an exceedingly valu able and infinitely respectable colonial em pire. For instance. Our cousins the Americans, and our old enemies the Spaniards, have fallen out about Cuba. The island was once Britain's. So were the Philippine islands, another bone of contention. So, too, were the Ionian Islands, Tangier, Minorca, Cor sica, Curacoa, Sicily, Buenos Ayres. Monte Video, Java, Pondleherry. the Celebes,, the Moluccas, to say jiothing of half a hundred other valuable Islands, fertile provinces and fortified towns scattered up and down the face of this weazened old globe of ours. And most of them we have surrendered, be it re membered, not in obedience to the irresisti ble demands of superior force, but of our own free will, anil in accordance most fre quently with the dictates of a grand— if mis taken and quixotic — idea of duty. Take, for example, the cession of the Ionian Islands in ISOf. tVo captured them from the French, after a good deal of bard fighting, in 1S09. We gave them a constitu tion, bnilt a university at Corfu, abolished the vendetta, and promulgated equal laws for all and sundry: and then, after more than 50 years of educational and civilising work, and the expenditure of millions of money, we calmly, and without the shadow of a ghost of compulsion, handed them over to Greece. It is a deed of which no other nation but EnglaDd could have been capable, and which it is devoutly to be hoped England will never repeat. The surrender of Tangier was even more deplorable. We held it for 21 years, and then qnietly evacuated it at the bidding of a handful of fanatics, led by Gaylan, the sove reign chief of Fez. Colonel Kirke, the then Governor, strongly protested, and offered to hold the fortress indefinitely If 500 men were sent out from England, together with' £5000 wherewith to pay them. But the Govern ment declined. They could, ibey said, afford tue men, but not the money. Tangier would now be considered dirt cheap at 50 times £5000. for it lies almost immediately opposite Gibraltar, and, possessing both these strong holds, England could nbsolutoly control the Straits and effectually seal np the Mediter ranean. Cuba was taken by us in the middle of the summer of 17C2. at a time when an unusually virulent epidemic of yellow fever was raging. We lost 5«X)0 men- In five weeks. But we stuck to our guns and triumphed, in the good old sturdy British fashion. What our sol diers gained witb one hand, however, our statesmen gave away with the other. A year later, Just when the island had become pacified, and the elements of good govern ment established, our hard won possession was handed back to the horrors of Spanish rale— horrors from which it seems only non- likely to emerge. An even more reprehensible national crime was the surrender of the Philippines to the same blood-stained gang, for not the most bigoted of the Little Englanders of that day and generation conld have been ignorant of how vastly important the islands must neces, sarily become to us. Moreover, Spain was soundly thrashed in a selfish war of her own seeking, and would have accepted peace on almost any terms. Yet we banded over the conquered possessions for a paltry £500.000— not a single penny of which, by the bye, was ever paid. To many visitors to Westminster Abbey it doubtless seems strange. that one of the most magnificent tombs in our national mau soleum should hear the name of General Stanhope. To the man in the street, at the present day. the cognomen means nothing. To our forefathers of a generation or two ago, however, it meant much. For Stanhope was the conqueror of Minorca: and Minorca, as bus been well remarked, was the Malta of the eighteenth century. We took it in 170$, and held it off and on for the best part of a century, at the end of which time it was handed over to the Spaniards. Artiarently they got it because they asked for it. At all events, no historian has ever assigned any more cogent reason. Our extraordinary complaisance in this re spect Is the more curious because we had previously thought so highly of the island that, for merely falling to relieve the garri son. we had poor old Admiral Byng tried by conrt martial, and shot on the quarter-deck of his own flag ship. Corsica occupied a slightly different posi tion. as a dependency, from Minorca, Inso much that its inhabitants had themselves and elected George III. as their king. It was ours, free gratis and for nothing. It did not cost us the life of a single soldier, or the ex penditure of a solitary penny piece. Never theless. we thought so little of It that, after governing it for three years, we withdrew our troops, and left it to the mercy of the French, who, needless to say, promptly an nexed It, and in whose possession it has been ever since. Curiously enough, during the three years that the British flag flew above the ramparts of AJaccio, Napoleon I. was a resident in the city, and was therefore, during that space of time, a British subject. And while on the snbject of Corsica, it may l>e men tioned that we seem always to have had a peculiar penchant for giving away places in the Mediterranean. In addition to Tan gier, the Ionian Island, Corsica and Minorca, concerning ail of which mention has already been made, we also owned, at different pe riods, Sardinia, Sicily and Elba. But we let them all slip. In the same way, and only quite recently, we parted with Heligoland to Germany. In this case. It is true, we are supposed to have received a quid pro quo In Africa; bat it wonld probably puzzle any one, save per- ha>-s a professional politician, to say ex actly In what it consisted. 