THE CflRTflHET flpFRIH. A NOVEL. \- . . , , BY . . , ST. GEORGE :RATHBORNE. -. ..CHAPTER V.— (CONTINUED.) ... ... 1 1 can't admit that.' ' You must, for the sake of argument.' ' God Help poor Tom, then 1' 1 Ay, God help any man who may have fallen into the clutches of a beautiful adventuress. Such a schemer would stop at nothing in order to accomplish her ends. Mark my wordB, Mr. Pntnrs. T snv nothine.' Even then I fail to oatch his meaning, al though I look at him keenly, knowing he is up bO SOLHBiniU. J.IIULU 10 UbbltJ UttUKOL ui uui being interrupted, for Tom is doubtless busily engaged with his wife above. ' Then, Mr. Sraithers, you believe she is guilty as charged in the indictment,' touohing my pocket where the accusing letter lies. At this he shakes his head naively, and I see I am dealing with a man who seldom admits a thing out and out. ' 'Not exactly that, sir. I don't believe in the old Roman plan of burning my ahips behind me. v A way of retreat is a good thing. All I will say is that, under the circumstances, it looks as, if there might be some truth in the charge. I ohance to know this Gautier.' '.The deuce you do 1' . ,' So far as my knowledge of him goes, he is a wealthy and accomplished gentleman. I do not ' know that he would stoop to do anyone a foul ' wrong.' Somehow I feel sorely depressed. This man \- is beating down my defences. He is trying to undermine my faith in womankind. I detest him for it, and am yet sensible of the faot that my oxporience with the gentler sex has been . limited, for as yet I have never been made the victim of a coquette's smiles. . ' Mr. Smithers, you are speaking with a pur- poso in view ; kindly get to the point you desire ' , to make.' 'Iam getting there. When you asked Tom ' Oartaret to confide in you, bis face was full of horror at the thought. He wonld sooner have died then and there than have trusted even you, his best friend, with'the Beoret he carried.' ' And yet you say you do not believe he is guilty ?' I stammer. ' Exactly j but mark — he knows who iB.' His sinister words have the effect of still far ther baffling me. I grope again without seeing . light. 'Then, what in the world keeps -him from 1 telling? It is his father who lies dead there, and every human tie should urge him to have : the' assassin apprehended. If Tom knouB, or even suspects, who did this deed, he must be crazy to keep the secret.' 1 Not so crazy bb you think, Mr. Peters. He has a good reason for silence. I believe you would do just as Tom is doing UDder the same distressing circumstances.' ' ' Thank you. If I oatch your meaning, theD, bo is trying to screen someone.' ' ' Your penetration is remarkable, Mr. Peters ' — but, then, you are a lawyer.' 1 ignore the sly thrust. ' Someone is to benefit by his silence and suf- 1 fering ; it must be one whom he cares for a great deal. Tell me, who is guilt, y," if not Tom ?' ' Tom Cartaret's wife 1' he replies, solemnly. . . ' CHAPTER VI. . ; ONLY HIS ARM BETWEEN. \- -Well, it is out at last, and I am not so stag- \- gored by the intelligence as Smithers evidently . oxpeoted, for, while he is speaking, a horrible suspicion of his . meaning has crept into ray ' brain, thus fortifying me in a measuro for the disclosure. . 'Do yon really mean what you say ?' I ask. ' You take it deucedly cool,' he replies. "'XI am a1 lawyer', you know ;> then, again, I do not believe what you say — that is, I am convinced you are on the wrong trail.' He is evidently nettled at my words, and I can see his teetjb come together with an ugly snap that means-'business. : 'Mr. Peters, it shall be ray business to con vince yon that what I say is probably the truth.' . 'I would rather be excused,' I mutter, as I ' dislike the turn events have taken. It was bad enough for Tom to be under suspicion ; but that j swoet'.faced girl-wife — heavens 1 it gives me a : cold shiver to think of it. - ' Remember your promise to me, Mr. Peters. It wns to aid me, no matter at what personal sacrifice to your feelings,' ' That is true, Smithers.' ' Besidos, I hope you don't imagine I take any pleasure in suoh a business— it is a duty I have to perform,. If it was some villain of a burglar . who had done this deed, I would hunt him down with the keenest satisfaction ; but a dainty thing like Tom Oartaret's wife— — ' He shrugs his shoulders to complete the sec- ' tehee,- and I understand him fully. \- ' 1 See here, man, do you mean to tell me that delicate woman could take a knife and thrust it ' into the heart of an old man like Luther Oar taret ? Impossible 1' ' Slips of girls have done things worse than that. Women have their share in the criminal history of the world, as well as in its heroio achievements. You rerpember Zenobia, Cleo patra,' Joan of Arc. the Maid of Orleans, Char lotte Oorday, who freed France from one despot (Marat) during the Reign of Terror, and that other Charlotte, who poisoned so many. Ah 1 my dear Peters, dismiss from your mind the abBu'rd thought that a lovely woman can do no evil. 'In all ways they are the most dangerous. 1 distrust them. Let us calmly Analyse the case, and I will set the points before yoti as you might if addressing a jury. That indiotiheut may, and may . not be true — we have no means of. proving it one way or another. We do know theft Luther Oartaret handed it to hie son last night — perhaps., read it aloud to him. As a sequence, old Luther lies yonder, murdered.' ' Yes ; go on,-' I say, brokenly, yet breathlessly. ' Now, since we have temporarily put Tom out of the ease as the guilty one, let lis suppose there was an eavesdropper at one of these doors at the time the indiotmont was read — that Tom's wife heard the ohargas. against her character. . She may have entered Luther's little ' room yonder ; the door connecting it with the hall was not looked. Well, she hears those awful charges, and does not come out to indignantly refute, them; that looks like guilt. She oreepB upstairs to her \- own room, but does not retire. Seated in her. ohnir, she sits there, brooding over the situation, until her blood is like molten lava. She hates the old man who has dared to believe in her guilt. Tom ootnes up and goes to his room, for I under stand they have separate connecting apartments. An hour later, say, she creeps to the door, bears the regular breathing of her husband, and under- , stan ling lie is asleep, makes her- way downstairs, resolved in her mind to for ever still the lips that , have dared, to speak ill -of her to her husband. Are you following me ? . . ' Yes.' His way of putting the case is fascinating, and I-forgot lhat'it is all a supposition— that he has really nothing tangible to found his evidence npon... So lie continues in the same. way, just as though he were describing something he had een, ' ' In the hall eh i camo upon your traps — the light from the open library door reveals thepi to her. Perhaps she is out of her mind for the time being, but she seiz"R upon tho hnntiDg-knife, draws it from its sbeuth, and steals forward to avenge the insult offered to her. The old man still sits in his cliair; it may be he is asleep or meditating. Before him suddenly appears the vengeful figure, weapon in hand, her eyeB blaz ing with the fury of a woman scorned and turned into a fiend. He would shriek aloud, but hiB tODgne cleaves to his mouth, and before he can give utterance to a single sound, that terrible blade has passed through his heart, the deed is done, and he dies with the look ot horror stamped on his face.' I cover-my face with my hands, as if to shut out the sight ; his words have made it appear so natural. When I remove lhem again, Smithers' physiognomy is marked with a grin of pleasure, as though he takes my suggestive action. aB a- compliment. ' She throws the deadly blade from her, and flies from the room ; but there is a splash of blood upon the hem of her dress, of which she knows nothing. Smaller things than that have banged people before to-day, Mr. Peters.' Remembering that spot myself, it seems to give an air of credence to his whole story, and withont meaning to believe it, I cannot fail to see how easily it might all have been carried out just as he has put it. ' Now, mark me agaia, Mr. Peters ; I have not said that Tom Cartaret's wife did this foul deed knowingly. She may have been out of her mind at the time, or ra a trance.' ' But it is not reasonable to believe that a weak thing like Tom's wife could drive a knife with such tremendous power; you saw .for yourself that the knife passed completely through bis body. I doubt whether you or I could bayo done such a thing without exerting our utmost power.' ' True enough ; but there are times when the weakest woman can show astounding strength, almost supernatural, in fact. I have seen a girl who hardly looked strong enough to lift a pail of water, and yet it took the united power of four men to hold her — she was crazy. I remember another instance where a girl, a mere child, almost overcame two big men, who had to use ropes to hold her to her cot. She was in the delirium of hydrophobia. I mention these in stances to show you' that appearances are deoeitful. Under certain conditions the weakest' may develop abnormal strength. We have agreed thnt if Tom Cartaret's wife did execute this wretchpd crime she did it under great ex citement. That would explain many things.' 1 Well, what do you purpose doing ab int it ; arrest the lady on suspicion ?' I ask, being irritated by the calm deliberation with which he has worked the case up. Perhaps there is something in the possible truth of bis statements that serves to raise my temper. At any rate, I feel that he has the best of it all. ' Dear me, no ; that is not my way of doing things. Some men, as soon as they got a clue, arrest the party, and than endeavor to force a confession ; but I work in another way, preferring to ncomnulabc evideno", and leaving the arrest until I am dead sure of being right.' .' For that, at least, I can admire you, SmilherB. You are a genuine detective ; those you refer to nothing but police Bpies. I know them well. Such fellows are always ready to share -,-with thieves the spoils they secure, and guarantee them immunity from arrest. What is your plan, may I ask, if it be not too pertinent a question ?' ' Mr. Peters, I already realise that I am to hove a very disagreeable task in this house ; but duty is duty with me, and I shall not shrink from doing what I believe to be right.' i. 'I can honor that resolution, sir.- You. are bound to carry out the orders of your chief.' '1 was sent here to solve yonder rnvstery, arid if mortal man can do it, I shall. Yon . are not bound to do anything beyond a certain point, and if it jars upon your feelings, say so, and step Ollt.' .... v; . ' I am deeply interested ; you knew I would be, Mr. Smithers. Although I carinbt- do Any thing to assist you in your offort to fasten the guilt upon either Tom or his wife, I shall, not betray yonr: plans to a living soul. -Besides, I may be of service to you.' ' It is a bargain then, Mr. Peters. ': He insists upon shaking hands with rue, although I fuel as though I would just as Boon take hold of a snake or a.toad as. his cold digits ; but he means well, and I am willing to give him all the credit for it, so I accept his hand, and gravely shake it. . .. . - ' I shall probably remain about the house, during the morning at leaBt. The coroner will come at some time, bnt I shall get the inquest postponed as long as possible. It always inter feres with detective work, for witnesses are bullied into admitting absurd things; and the- guilty parties take warning.' This gives a breathing-spell at least. I have been dreading that hurried inquest, /and the- rough manner in which the family secrets may be dragged out for the gaze of the scoffing public. There is a skeleton in every'clnsot, and no doubt the Oartaret closet " is ' no exception. To outsiders it may be very interesting and amusing, hut how hnmiliatin" to those oonoernerl whan the family secrets are bandied about" by every idle fellow who chances to hear the evidence. My sympathy goes out toward an afflicted family like the Cartarets ; but fortune has decreed that they shalt suffer, aud apparently no human hand can ward off the blow, 1 1 will loove you for a timp, Mr. Peters, but I will be somewhere near. It is mv privilege to do as I please in this matter, and- T have my way of gaining new evidenop. If you disoover anything of importance, and choose to let me hear it, I shall be obliged. One thing -let me warn you agaiust : iu talking with Tom Oartaret be careful how you approaoh the subject of his wife. He may take the alarm, and endeavor to entirely blot nut the trial. I believe siuth a man as our friend would do anything to save the one he loved.' At the time Smithprs' Inst words , sound odd to me, and in the nesr fuinre: thoy cuiie baok to my mind with added significance. Yes,' a man like Tom Oart-iret would do intich tn screen the wonian he loves and calls wif". , I have.seen him risk his life for a friend taken with a cramp while swimming in Long Island Sound, off New Haven— that friend was no other than invself. I have known him run- into a blazing1 honss and save .a ohild belonging to a poor .Irish woman, barely esoaping: with his life. This is the man whose strong arm is. the. only barrier standing between Madge, and . thn terror of the law. What can he do when Smithers :has finished his case, and invokes the majesty of the law to his aid ? The detective has left mo — I fail to note whither he has gone, bnt fiod myself, alonp, and my reflections are bitter indeed. It seems as though a malign fate has sent me here to witness, and perhaps be an unwilling participant in, the- the downfall of Tom Cartaret's happiness, ..and mentally I groan at the unpleasant prospect ahead. . CHAPTER yiL j. i UNCLE .IBTHRO TALKS.' For a short time I stand 'there at the library window, lost in reflection. Turn whichever way I woqd, the prospect seems to be just as. unin viting, and I can see no loophole of escape, ' Tom must pass through the bitter furuaoe, and I can onlv hope that he will come out again purified ns by firn. . Although my faith in womankind is so high, I -must confess the logio of the detective has some what staggered me. It does look black for Tom's wife— here are two terrible aoousatious against her, 'either one Or both of which may be trup, . I Will, she, tio, come from the furnace as fine gold, .purified by the flames ? Heaven grant it-. If, on the other hand, the reasoning of Smithers should prove only too true, I am afraid for Tom Cartaret's reason— he is so completely wrapped up in this girl-wifu of his, that to find her guilty of such a crime would be a terrible shock. He married her abroad — she must ba a foreigner. I cannot even guess to what nation she belongs', for her English, so far as I have heard it, is as perfect as can be. The fresh air that comes itin at; the open window is so pleasant that I am impelled to put my head out, and thus' discovor that it is really bnt a few feet to the ground. Tempted by this fact I finally give a jump, and find myself in the grounds. Here I can walk about, and feci better than when Bhnt up in Ihs room with that'; terrible figure stiffened in his chair. Tho blue sky above, with the sun dispelling the frost in the air, makes it a morning fit for the gods. Remembering a suggestion that had come to mo while talking with the detectivp, I -vory naturally examine the spot underneath "the window to see if an vonehas been there recently, but the grass bailies me, and I admit that a lawyer is not a detective. Eyes more keen than mine might discover the evidence I seek, but I fail to fiud it. After that I walk on, and my thoughts begin to take another range. The fresh air does me good, and I no longer manage to only„see the gloomy side of things, as when shut up 'ill. the library with that grim figure that awaits the coming of the coroner. So I wander about for some little time, enjoy ing the prospect. - Luther Cartaret has a fine old place here iu the suburbs of the city, and being possessed of means he has beautified it in a manner that charms the eye. . The grand forest trees have been permitted to remain -in many places, so that it' sebms to me like some English park, and this view is considerably heightened by the appearance of deer in a wire enclosure near by. While thus wandering about, and lamenting the fact that such a black shadow has fallen upon the life of the young man to whom this noble property belongs, I find myself in the vicinity of the stahles. .., Someone is at work near by, and presently I see the old darkie, Uncle Jethro. He seems unconscious of ray .presence until- I speak, and then gives a tremendous start/ looking dreadfully alarmed. It is easy to see that Unole Jethro has .been greatly broken rip by the terrible evont that has taken place here within the last few hours. 'Youskeerde ole man, sah ! My thoughts was fixed ou de pore marse, an' when you speak, I 'clar, to goodness-I done thought 'twar him.' I have seen enough of the old darkie to know him as An original character, and somehow the thought comes to me to speak with him about the tragedy. Here is a field the detective has Dot worked as yet ; it does not look profitable ; but, -then, one cannot alwayB toll what may be the result when fishing iu strange waters. ' ' Uncle, this is a sad thing for the house "of Cartaret,' I remark, in n sympathetic tone. - fit am, dat are a fact, sah,' says Jethro, rub bing at the carriage with a piece of ohamois- ekin. . ' You've been with Luther Oartaret .a long time ?' '. ... : . ' We was boys togedder, down on de ole Vir- ginny, plantation. When. Marse Luther leab de ole home, he took me wid biro, and set me free. I'se done clung to him ebber sinoe.' ' He was married at that time ?' ' Yes, sah.' ' And his wife died soon after Tom was born ?' I Dat am a fact ; she was nebber strong.' I I believe Mr. Cartaret married again.' Uncle Jethro gives signs of uneasiness. I can not influence him to look at mo, but he continues bis work while he replies : 1 Yos, sah.' ' When did his second wife die ?' ; . 1 You's a friend ob de fambly, Marse Peteri?' 1 Tom's dearest friend,' I reply. " 'Den, I don't mind tellin' you what we wouldn't like ebbery one to know. De second; lady' she wasn't nothiu' lige de ekal ob Marse Luther. She hab a quarrel wid him afore two years, an' ruu away wid another man.' : 'Jupiter! that was tough, Jethro. Do you know what ever became of this second .wife ? He ceases his work a moment to look in the direction of the house, just 'seen through" the tree'e, and thsn answers slowly, like a man weighing well every word he utters : ' We lamed arterwards dat shs-throwed her self into the ribber when she quarrel wid de man she run away wid. 'Marse Luther nebber allow her name to be spoken in de house arter she runned away,' and he again sots to work polishing the c irriage wheel. There is something about the old man's manner that vaguely BiiggeBts deceit. I do not know why he should act id that way toward me, but it may be he is suspicious of everyone, knowing a detective had come ou, tho scene. '. What- was this second wife's name, uncle ?' I ask, meaning to work him around to the tragedy presently. 'Raohel, sah,' he replies, in; a- low tone, and with a half-seared look nroririd- liim, As -though expecting the ghost of old Luther to suddenly appear and punish him for daring to mention that name aloud. UUUIC| uu lilio WUY IIUID Y W U IUIU LUO UlJO UIU gentleman had oome to a violent death, and that it was either a suicida or a murder ?' 'Yes, sah, I did,' solemnly. ' Didp'R yori know theri that it could riot pos sibly be a eass of suicide — that soma other hand than his own must have taken the life of Luther Oartaret?' As my eyes fall upou the darkie's face wheu it is turned toward me, I see that he locks stubborn and set in his way. Uncle Jethro cau keep a secret as well as anyone, if it is ever entrusted to his oare,' In spite ob de facts, Marse Peters, I sticks to de Busancido theory. It am better for ebberyone concerned, an' kaint do de ole masaa no harm .as I knows on," he says, doggedly. It strikes me instantly that he is endeavoring to shield someone. Can it be possible he knows or suspects the truth ? What other meaning can I impute to hiB wordB ? The thought comes to me with force, and somehow an uneasy feel ing creeps over me. . If Jethro knows that either Tom Cartaret or,hjs wife committed the murder, he oannot hope to oonceal the faot long. At the inquest the truth will be wrung from his lips, and even if he- manages to elude them here by a sullen denial of all. knowledge, -the cunning de- teotive must soon bring him to terms. Perhaps I can influence him myself, though I hardly know why I should,, save for . my own satisfaction,- asJ-oould not turn any. knowledge gained from this source over to Smithers if it went against my friend. ' Where do you sleep, unole ?' I Ask. He gives me another of those quick looks, and nods toward tho stable. . ; ' I hii's'a room in'dar, Marse Peters.' ' ' Generally a sound sleeper ?' 'I am dat.'- ft; '' -J;/' j ' ' How about last/night V ' -if ? ; ' 1 Didn't rest 'tioularly well.' . : ' Was it rather cold when you were'out, uncle, after midnight ?' ,, ' Well, it was dat — how de debble you know ? — who done" tole- yoiv?! . don't know; nuflin' "about" it'.' 'Spaot itwaB cold .though— frost dis mawnin'.' Unole Jethro. has given himself away -readily —he falls, into m,v little pitfall with the greatest of ease., ;Wbat 'qhance would he have against- such auaocorripliahed schemer As the dark- faced man sont to investigate this thing ? 1 ain nqtv positive of one tiling: the darkie knows enoughyto explain tho myster.y if he oan be-' influenced to talk; if he does not : exactly know, he suspeots the truth. He was out in the grounds during the night — perhaps at the house itself, Oculd it be possible lie has had a share in thia strange crim<? Nonsense! I , might as well put that notion for over out of my head. The only sh ire h-.i h is h id in it is to endeavour to shield tho guilty party by his silence. \i My thoughts go to the still form in the library that seems to call aloud for vengeance. If the trail only ran in some other direction, how hot I would be upon it; but, under the peculiar cir cumstances, I have little heart to pursue the scent, conscious that it .constantly draws mo nearer an unpleasant reality. The words and manner of the old ex slave give away thut which he would hide— the fact> that lie knows something. Judging from his dispo sition, however, I am confident that thnmb- screws .will not cause him to openly confess .while he believes in serving his master by silencp. The rack would have no terrors for this faithful servant. There are other ways, however/ in -which the same end may be accomplished. '.What took yon out in the night, unole ?' I ask, steadily holding his.eye, for I believe that by watching the hnmau orb I can deteet instantly when anyone prevaricates. ' Welt, you see, Marse Peters, one ob de hosses war oneasy ; some time ago he got his foot cotched in a bar at de side ob his stall, and we hab a bad time. I tink dis happen agin, ho I frow on some clothes and ruu downstairs to the stalls. Nnffin' were de matter, howebber, ' an'- I was jest about to go to my room agin, when I remomberod dat I done leab a carriage-rag out on de grass, and so I go out to bring it;in — dar it is in de sun yonder. Dat de way I happened to be out in de grounds in de. night.' ' Uncle, your evidence might be of value to the coroner's jury, because you were the only one about the house stirring at, that time. -, It was bright starlight—no, the moon was up still, perhaps ?' ; He nods his head. ' Yes, sab, de moon was jest ober in de west.' ' And, uncle, remember a terrible d«ed has been done here, and you may help unravel the mystery. Did you see anvnne about the grounds at the time you were out ?' 'I hab reason to beliebe I did, Marse Piters,' he replies, a look of satisfaction on his wrinkled face. . to be continued.! 