SUPERSTITION. In the fierce sun of science super- stition is supposed to melt like the morning mists. The world is a theatre in the daylight, stripped of illusion, with all the ropes and workings pain- fully plain to the eye. The scientist smites pityingly at the records handed down of the old ghost lore of the dark ages, and unctuously thanks his stars that modern enlightenment has swept the land clean of foolish fancies. But the scientist who cannot see the spirits in the air, and scoffs at those visions — . . . Poetic eyes avow Cling in each leaf and hang in every flower — is often dull to see the spirit of his age, and passes along the street blind to the manners of men. Is super- stition dead ? At every corner we find people professing to foretell the future, to unveil fate, and make bare the mysterious workings of destiny, and from their number we must con- clude the business pays. Seances are advertised in our daily papers ; the esoteric may have communication with the dead — aye, even set eyes on the disembodied spirits set free from churchyard mould. Books running to many fat editions are published, making clear the meaning of a troubled dream with all the assurance of a JOSEPH. The world is still credulous, the imagination continues stronger than reality, and phantoms dance in cemeteries at night like spray wreaths on the coast. Numbers and signs are still mystic ; the stockbroker bulls on the sight of three magpies, and bears when he meets a funeral, * * * It seems pretty evident that as long as men die superstition will live. Looking across the ages to old land marks we find that the folk-lore of the mediaeval period, though more imaginative, abstract and versatile than ours, yet intrinsically differs little. It might be argued reasonable to suppose Germany, with her gloomy Hartz Mountains, should yet believe the story of the Erl King, handed down from father to son in the gloom of Winter evenings ; England be in- fluenced by the supernatural tales culled from the gloomy glens of Wales ; Spain, left in the rear of other nations, still cling fondly to a belief in spirits. But when we come to Australia this line of argument must fall, for ours is a country with- out a past, without legends ready- made, save those aboriginal myths, received as things of no moment by the practical pioneer. And, with a proper regard to apparent facts, no man can deny the existence of super- stition among us. Nearly every country district has a rapidly increas- ing stock of ghost-lore newly wrought, with the brand of the workshop yet on it. People persist in seeing visions, and murdered men refuse to rest peacefully in their graves despite the efforts of science. * * * For some time the ghost has been growing in importance in Australian literature. Kendall took up the lyre and sang of him in "Ghost Glen." Before Kendall were others, and now our present school of writers are gar- nering the grim supernatural tales of plain and mountain. Every old dig- gings has a ghost or more ; and when the night comes down and the camp- fires flash on the creeks the miners gather and murmur stories of old mates and the spirits that still wail in the middle-night about the spots where the bones were found, their imaginations enriching a simple inci- dent into a breathless story. Few there are of the native-born who have not heard of the story of One Tree Plain, and the famous trotting horse that scared the camped cattle until the murderous drover confessed his crime. This is but one of the multi- tude that have named the flats and gullies, Murderers' Flat, Haunted Creek, Ghost Glen. What more is wanted ? The story follows natur- ally, and the traveller seems to see the phantoms quivering in the shadows of the trees, in his horse's snort finds confirmation of his fears, and yearns for the yellow circle of the teamster's fire. The very nature of the country suits the ghost ; the bush ghastly and grey, the bark rattling mysteriously, the wind - racked gorges howling. Then the moonlight comes and makes fantastic human shapes of blackened stumps that seem to dance past the riclep. * * * It says something for the ghost that he can graft himself on the mind of our young nation, for Aus- tralians live healthy, physical lives, more inclined for sport than dream- ing, and favored with a climate that makes days long, little given to gathering round domestic hearths, dwelling upon the utterances of their elders. For the Australian is prac- tical above all things, delighting in thews and muscle and the sayings of famous athletes. Yet to many the ghost is real ; dropping his old Euro- pean prejudices in favor of lordly mansions he has become democratic with the country, and soars no higher than a deserted hut or a lonely lagoon, often, indeed, casting off all native pride to share the campfire of a Mur- ray "whaler," or in melancholy mood hides in the shade of a willow, and joins in its monotonous mourning for the river dead. But the ghost is not always grim. One Australian poet tells us that the white clouds over the night purples of the sea are the ghosts of drowned sailors. Then there is tho story of the dead girl's, spirit stopping the horse of her sleep- ing lover, a tired boundary rider, on the very verge of a precipice. Quaintly plaintive are such thoughts as these, and full of a poetical humanity that might do much to refine a nation. But perhaps the most beautiful of our legends is that of the mountain mother, who died unattended in childbirth whilst her husband was away, and sent her spirit form to lead the far off neigh- bors to the help of her new- born babe. * * * Despite the angry declamations of the whole tribe of scientists, the ghost is likely to remain firm in the affec- tions of the dwellers outside city walls. Superstition will always mock facts. People don't want to believe that visions and fancies, from the apparition of the cemetery to the bridesmaid's dream over the wedding cake, spring only from an active indigestion. The average man loves his illusions, and although a painter shows him that tree shadows on a yellow sward are quite blue, it is his pleasure to think them black, and condemn the art of the day. 