N'IMPORTE, By J. O. B. Near Cambridge (N.Z.) a young man named Galbraith fell off a load of hay and was impaled on a fork. He is now out of danger. Why I mention such a commonplace affair is to draw at tention to this constantly-reourring kind of acci dent. It would be difficult to choose a more dan gerous seat than a waggon of moving hay. No person has ever been known to roll off one without finding a fork to break his fall. The implement seems to be fixed with such studied ingenuity that it is impossible to misB it. In Dubbo it was once reported that a farmer had fallen off a load with out being impaled ; but from the character of the husbandmen of the district the statement was re ceived with natural incredulity. « * * * The week's sensation in Sydney was a snake, a sawbones, and an axe. A Macquarie-street medico hearing the screams of women rushed to the res cue and found a green serpent uncoiliug itself from a bough. He went back for a hatchet and cut snake and branch in two. Even now, when ever a reptile of this class sees a woman he tries to speak to her. Whenever you see a snake there's a lady not far off. The converse also is true. And now Mr. Bray, the sworn friend of serpents, who knows their ways better than any two men in Australia, writes to the papers to Bay that the creature killed was of the green- tree variety, and as harmless as a dove. He'd prefer to be bitten by it than by a mouse, and the mouse would sooner bite him. What with being howled at by women and haoked at by dootors, the town life of a green-tree snake has many disadvantages. Some time ago, in a simple fracture case, a Sydney sur geon set the wrong leg. To-day he kills the wrong animal. Professional men who leave off killing patients in order to kill harmless reptiles run the risk of being misunderstood. * * * * It was in Pitt-streeet, on laBt Saturday night, that I learnt for the first time the meaning of the word ' contempt.' Behold a 15-foot thorough fare, a draper at one extremity, a closed shop opposite two and a half fathoms away. It was on last week's last day that the shutters were re moved exposing softgoods of many kinds with ' sale of bankrupt stock ' arrogantly obtrusive in chalk. And the way in which the vis-a-vis draper would come to his door every now and then, glance at his own empty shop, then at the full one over the way, and anon down the street, was an object lesson. To see him look five yards away at 2s ll^d, Is ll^d, and llfd on ehirts, flannels, and ties, then observe him put his hands in his pockets to expectorate was more instructive than Macaulay or Montgomery. Three classes hold the publio in contempt — actors, writers, and drapers. After Saturday night I think the con- ; tumely of th.3 ribbonmen is the most mordant. * * * ? Advertisement in Kiama journal : — ' Wanted j four expert euchre players. Apply at 10 a.m. to day.' There are four things every man fancies he can do—manage a wife, poke a fife, edit a paper, and play euchre. But it is rare to find anybody who can do one of them properly. Some j of fhe most expert players I've met were on the train from Bendigo to Melbourne, a four hours' ride. The hands these fellows held we re a stand* ing denial of the theory of probabilities. To be sure there were but two bowers and a joker each ] deal — that was the fault of the cards. But the ] way these important trumps always appeared in defiance of the most complicated shuffling was in- j etructive. Kiama is becoming importunate. It once can a ghost till the poor spectre dropped j from overwork. Now it demands euchre players. It has a clock-tower, a blowhole, two news papers, and a brewery. As i! these were not enough, It wants card-sharpers. Municipalities j« - +Tiq mnro fJlAV ♦ * m « At Broken Hill Mr. Hendry is running for a ward, Mr. Ferguson, M.L.A., criticising. Tho candidate calls himself a ' conscientious man.' The M.L.A. at once tackles the adjective for the purpose of showing that all the wrongs done iu this world from the appearance on it of conscious life were done by ' conscientious ' people. The Inquisition, the Star Chamber, the Venetian three ? all the work of enthusiasts above suspicion — were no doubt in his mind. Really, it is the con scientious men that ' have kept the world back. Farmer George with his morality and his con science lost us America. Louis Seize .vith his re luctance to ' lay out ' the mob lost his own head and his wife's. \+ * * « It seems that Mr. Hendry has studied politica economy from the age of 12. And this terrible Ferguson, M.L.A., starts off by insinuating that it was news to hear of a person's studying so long and knowing so little. One of the advantages of being a member of Parliament is that in time you become thoroughly acquainted with the Anglo Saxon tongue and its capabilities. Clearly, Mr. F. has lost no opportunity for arriving at perfec tion. On the whole, if you would learn all about yonr own character, acquirements, and ante cedents, there's nothing like going to Broken Hill and setting up for alderman. * * * * There is good news from the Sydney ' Zoo.' Some days, ago the committee gave £35 for a bear. The latter, like Goldsmith's, had the genteelest man ners and comported himself in a well-bred fashion in the board- room, walking on his hind legs and putting out his near fore-paw when requested. Most of the donations were parrots. They seemed to feel, now the elections were coming on, that they could retire for a rest and leave the field opBn for others. Owing to the Sabbath crowds it was proposed to erect three new turnstiles — two for adults and one for children. It reminds one of Newton's cat and kitten. The great mathemati cian bored a big hole in his door far the mother to enter and a small one for the infant. * * * * Says the only French journal iu Australia : — ' L' Australia de 1' Ouest s'est montree particu lierement tyrannique a l'egards des aliens.' Which means that Western Australia is deter mined to have a white country. Who can blame it P Disguise it as you may, the sentiment that this big island must have no nigger question as in the States iB too deep to be obliterated by a news paper article. Within proper bounds it is a healthy sentiment, and in spite of the efforts (see recent papers from London andjele where) to break it down it promises to live and thrive. A white south and a black north would in the not distant future be more intolerable than the converse is to day among our cousins. ? * * » The new-chum Irishman has arrived in Gipps land, and is busy establishing a reputation. Riding on a coach last week he showed such an intimate acquaintance with horses that the driver thought he was born in a stable. ' Pat,' said the whip at a turn in the road, ' I think that chestnut has pioked up a stone, would you mind getting down to see.' He descended with alacrity, opened the horse's mouth, and observed, ' devil a stone, or if he has he's swallowed it.' Tho driver hasn't been the same man since, and thera are but slight hopeB that he'll ever regain his former buoyancy. * * * * In a letter to the ' Mudgee Guardian' a correspondent lets out. He reminds the electors that the ' Upper House is simply a frowning Bastille standing in open dsfiance of the people.' Also, he invites the people to ' sweep away the Bastille and with it the curse of landlordism.' It is a pretty big order. The Bastile of landlord ism has pretty deep foundations, which are not to be uprooted even by a letter in the ' Mudgee Guardian.' It is to be feared that men who havt houses and lands to let will go on letting them There is one peculiarity about our people — direct! they have a field or a farm they can't use thej rent it to the highest bidder. Even when thej honestly believe that the world will come to au end in three months they are not above stipulat ing for a five years' lease. There are some Bas tilles that take a lot of undermining without ap pearing to be much the worse for it, and landlord ism seems to be one. It has been threatened ever since the laying down of the Pyramids, but, somehow, it worries along, coming up smiling and robust after eighty-nines and thirties and forty-eights. At the Tivoli Theatre on Monday night some of the godi were so anxious for another number from Miss Hagel, a new serio-comic singer, that, though the stage manager said she was tired through having travelled from Melbourne that day, and did not wish to sing again, they hooted Mr. Newbury, the well known tenor, when he came out to sing as the next ' turn therefore he retired. The stage manager induced him to come back, hut as the hooting was repeated by the handful of malcontents in the gal lery, in spite of a roar of welcome to the tenor from the stalls and dress circle, Mr. Newbury declared that he would not sing at the Tivoli again. On Monday at the meeting of the Shipwreck Relief Society the wreck of the brig Minora was brought up, and reference was made specially to the rescue of Captain Gallant, the sole survivor, by Captain E. Cavlberg, of the schooner Advance. The circumstances which attended that rescue are already known. The committee expressed satisfaction at the prompt and humane aotion of the schooner's crew, and passed by way of reward a vote to purohass for Captain Carlberg a pair of binooulare, Buitabiv inscribed, and to pay to eaoh member of the crew £3 sterling, the' certificate of the sooiety to accompany the award in eaoh instance. In t o case of the widow of the only married man on board the Minora a lamp earn was voted by the committee. 