NARRATIVE OF EVENTS IN CUBA. [From our own Correspondent.] NEW YORK, July 7. For two or three months past the mail for Australia has clsed at a time when some very important movement in the war was impending, and without an account of that movement or action my letter seemed incomplete and disappointing. This time something of the highest interest and importance has just taken place, and the story of four weeks of war is rounded out by the dramatic attempt of Admiral Cervera to escape from Santiago Harbour and the complete destruction of his fine squadron of war ships. The shattered hulks of the flower of Spain's navy now lie on the beach a few miles west of Santiago Harbour's outer forts, while the brave and courteous Admiral is a prisoner of war with 1,600 of his men. It was the news of this fight at sea and the report of the safe arrival of the first consignment of troops at Manila that caused an exceptionally enthusiastic celebration of the anniversary of American Independence on the 4th inst., although rejoicing was tempered by sorrow, for the names of the 1,700 soldiers killed or wounded in the three days' attack upon the City of Santiago were beginning to appear in the newspapers. MARINES AT GUANTANAMO. The fleet lying off the harbour of Santiago was waiting impatiently for the troops when my letter of four weeks ago was posted. Having been led to expect the arrival of the transports within a day or two, Admiral Sampson on the 10th of June landed 600 marines on the hilly shore at the mouth of Guantanamo Bay, about thirty-five miles east of Santiago. The season of tropical storms was near at hand, and there was need of a safe harbour in which the battleships could find refuge, and where they could take coal from the colliers. These marines, nearly all of them recently enlisted, had a hard time of it. In and near the towns on the upper shore of the bay were about 3,000 Spanish regulars and guerillas, and the marines, at first camping on the crest of an exposed hill, were continually harassed by the enemy for three days and nights, the attack beginning a few hours after their arrival. But these raw marines exhibited great courage and nerve, making an effective defence against the guerillas in the surrounding bushes, and sending out scouting parties, which did good work. At last, after these men had fought for nearly three days with scarcely any sleep, they were reinforced by several hundred Cubans, who were accustomed to guerilla warfare, and two warships improved the situation bv removing the submarine mines which were lying in the channel leading to the upper half of the bay. The way having thus been cleared the stronghold of the Spaniards at Caimenera was shelled, and the forts there were demolished. Since that time there has been quiet at Guantanamo. The marines lost less than ten men, while by their rifles and the shells of the warships about 300 Spaniards were killed. The bodies of fifty-eight of these were found by the Americans. The mines dragged out of the channel were of the contact kind, and nothing but the barnacles on one of them saved the cruiser Marblehead from destruction, for the anchorage wires of this one became entangled in the ship's propeller, and was thus brought to the surface. The ship had struck one of the ''plungers" or caps, but the barnacles interfered with the action of it and prevented an explosion. Ten mines were found and pulled out. The Spaniards near Caimenera were prevented from joining the forces at Santiago by the Cubans, and they are still isolated at that point. Here was the first union of Americans and Cuban insurgents, the commander of the ragged and hungry reinforcements going on board the Marblehead, where he was received with a Major-General's salute. FIGHTING NEAR SANTIAGO. But the American army of invasion was not yet at hand. At Tampa, on the Florida coast, 15,000 soldiers under General Shafter had embarked on thirty-six transports on June 8. They had even started on their voyage, but before sundown they were hastily recalled by orders from Washington. In the harbour of Tampa they remained for nearly six days, sweltering in very hot and uncomfortable weather. Why were these transports detained? The explanation points to a curious and almost absurd fear of real and imaginary Spanish warships which has afflicted certain persons in authority since the beginning of the war. That fear which caused the employment of our swiftest cruisers as scouts and guards for weeks along the coast of the New England States, and which was stimulated by weird tales of the appearance of Spanish battleships off the coast of Maine and Nova Scotia two or three times a week. Probably some of these stories were prepared and put in circulation by the members of the Spanish Legation at their headquarters in Montreal. Immediately after the transports at Tampa had got under way an American gunboat or armed yacht reported at Key West that she had sighted in the night and had followed for three hours off the north coast of Cuba a battleship, three cruisers, and a torpedo-boat, which she believed to be Spanish. Although the transports were to be accompanied and guarded by eleven warships, this story induced the Government to order them back to port. At 9 o'clock the following night the signal observer at Cape Henry, the coast outpost of the great harbour of Norfolk and New port News, in Virginia, and of Fort Monroe, reported that he had sighted a battleship, three cruisers, and a torpedo-boat, "presumably Spanish," steaming northward. Here was another phantom squadron, a thousand miles from the first one. Officers were hastily called from their hotels to their ships, troops were aroused, the guns of the fort were manned, and searchlights began to sweep the approaches to the harbour. But the ghosts vanished. It was on account of these tales that the authorities at Washington delayed the departure of Shafter's little army until June 14. But before the close of that day the boats were off, and after a peaceful voyage of six days they rounded the eastern point of Cuba and approached the fleet at Santiago. There were forty-seven ships, with the big warrior Indiana leading the way. For a day and a half the transports lay about ten miles off shore, while the commanders were perfecting their plans. General Garcia, who had 3,500 Cubans at Aserraderos, about fifteen miles west of Santiago, was brought to Sampson's flagship, but he suffered from seasickness. Therefore Sampson and Shafter visited him at his camp in the hills, where an agreement was reached. On the morning of the 22nd the fleet shelled all the shore batteries for a stretch of thirty miles, but attacked most sharply those which were three or four miles west of Santiago, while the Spaniards were misled by the presence in that vicinity of several colliers, which seemed to be transports. Here a Spanish shell entered a battery compartment on the Texas and killed one man. While the enemy were deceived by this feint the troops began to land at Baiquiri, seventeen miles east of Santiago, where, at a small indentation in the hilly coast, there was a pier used by an iron mining Company. There was practically no resistance whatever. A few Spaniards holding a blockhouse on a hill were quickly driven away by shots from the warships. The landing consumed the better part of two days. The only mishap was the loss of two negro soldiers who fell in the water between two boats. Captain O'Neill, of the Rough Riders, a regiment soon to undergo a trying experience, sprang into the sea to save them, but they had been crushed, and could not be rescued. A few days later this brave officer was killed in the attack upon the Santiago trenches. Nearly all of Shafter's troops were regulars; the Rough Riders, first to land, were volunteer cavalrymen, led by Colonel Wood and Lieutenant-Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, historian, hunter, and reformer in politics, who gave up the office of Assistant Secretary of the Navy to take part in the fighting. This regiment, which has been at the front (without its horses) from the very beginning of the land movement against Santiago, is an interesting body of men, recruited from the plains and cattle ranches of the south-west and the country clubs of the millionaires on the north-eastern seaboard. Here grouped together were the reckless cowboys of the plains, who admired Roosevelt (himself at times a ranchman), the noted football players of recently graduated classes in the old eastern Universities, the polo-players and crosscountry riders of New York society, rich and poor side by side, all full of life and eager for the fighting. They begged for places at the forefront; they got such places, and they fought and died like veterans by the side of the hardiest regulars in the service. The coast is a succession of hills, rising to a plateau, and falling to the basin back of the shore elevations in which the city is situated. The country is wild, the inhabitants are very few, the infrequent roads are mere paths through the dense semi- tropical growth. Near the city the Spaniards have a rough blockhouse on every elevation, surrounded by trenches and a tangle of barbed-wire fences. Nearer still are the rifle-pits. The heat was intense, and our soldiers were too heavily clothed. The first troops to land pushed forward a few miles westward, toward the harbour forts or the city. At daybreak the next morning the regular cavalry and the Rough Riders, all dismounted (horses left at Tampa), marched to Juraqua or Altares, 1,200 Spaniards retiring hurriedly after attempting to burn the shops and rolling-stock of the little railroad skirting the coast and used by the iron-miners. A little sleep, and at daylight on the 24th 600 regulars and 350 Rough Riders pressed forward, toiling through the thickets to attack and dislodge 1,500 Spaniards on the slope of a hill near Sevilla, and at 8 o'clock there was sharp fighting. There were two columns, half a mile apart, General Young (since disabled) leading regulars, and Colonel Wood commanding regulars and Rough Riders. The narrow trail followed by Wood's men was flanked by dense thickets. Suddenly the Spaniards attacked from ambush and seve ral men fell. The first to die was young Hamilton Fish, a noted athlete and oarsman, grandson of President Grant's Secretary of State, who conducted the diplomatic negotiations years ago with Spain when we were on the verge of war over the Virginius affair. None of these volunteers flinched. They charged the thickets, dislodged the Spaniards, chased them across a ravine and up the hill to the blockhouse. There their impetuous advance could not be stayed. The enemy fled, and the men who had been ambushed held the little wooden fort, only five miles from Santiago. But 22 Americans were dead and 70 wounded. The bodies of 39 Spaniards were found. This engagement attracted much attention because of the behaviour and the losses of the Rough Riders. Fish was well known in New York, where his father (formerly Minister to Belgium) is a banker. Captain Capron had been a recognized authority on horsemanship. The next day our troops advanced a little further and took the heights of Saville, which overlook the city of Santiago. For three of four days following this engagement there were no exciting events at the front. The Spaniards had retired to the defences near the city. The American advance guard moved forward and occupied positions which the enmy had abandone, until 2,000 men were encamped within four miles of the town. The re mainder of the little army was strung along between the front and the bases at Juragua and Baiquiri. Thousands were hard at work making roads and moving up the light artillery and supplies. But on the night of June 30 General Shafter ordered an attack for the following morning, thinking he could take the city before July 4, the anniversary of American independence. There were then available for this movement about 12,000 Americans and 3,500 Cubans, who had been trans ferred eastward from Aserraderos in transports. On Friday morning, July 1, began the first general land engagement of the war, and on Saturday night the Americans had lost 1,700 in killed and wounded. The Spanish loss was much larger, and we had taken hundreds of prisoners. The American positions formed a semicircle approaching the city from the east, and were as a rule about a mile and a half from the main entrenchments of the enemy. The fleet began a bombardment of the forts in the morning, and continued its work until late in the afternoon, its purpose being partly to assist General Duffield's attack on Aguadores, which at the extreme left, barred the way by land to Morro Castle. This attack came to nothing, because the enemy had destroyed an indispensible railroad bridge. There was the hardest kind of fighting all along the line until sundown. The sharpest of it was on the right, where after being repulsed Lawton's troops captured El Caney, a fortified village five miles northeast of the city. There were many brave charges up the slopes of the elevations, and upon the Spanish rifle pits. The 71st New York volunteers showing great courage and ardour, and suffering heavy loss. Our troops were beginning to be affected by the climate. General Shafter, General Young, and General Wheeler were ill, but Wheeler, the veteran cavalry leader of the Southern Confederacy, was brought to the front in an ambulance against the warnings of his surgeon, and was on a horse before the close of the day. Night found a considerable number of the Americans sleeping on captured ground. Caney had been taken, and the Spaniards had been driven from a part of their entrenched line. The Spanish leader at Caney, General Vara, was killed, and Linares, Commander- in-Chief, was wounded. But it was learned that day that the Spaniards were hard fighters, and that Spanish soldiers, unlike the gunners in ships and forts, could shoot [?]ately with rifles or artillery. They had an advantage also in using smokeless powder, with which our army and navy have not been supplied. Unfortunately the American heavy siege guns were still on the beach at Baiquiri. That night Shafter began to perceive that his army was not big enough, and on the following day he sent to Washington an urgent call for reinforcements. Saturday morning the battle was resumed, but little was accomplished beyond the retention of positions already won, although the Spaniards were driven back at the centre, and 200 prisoners were taken there. The fleet again battered the forts, and the Oregon's gunners, after several attempts, were at last successful in shooting away the flag on Morra Castle and demolishing the corner where the staff had stood. It was on Saturday that the Spaniards deliberately and persistently shot at the litters on which the American wounded were being taken away. On Sunday morning, July 3, Shafter demanded the surrender of the city. The Spaniards would not comply. Wherepon warning was given that women and children should leave the town before 10 a.m. on the 4th, but at the request of the foreign Consuls the threatened bombardment was postponed until noon on the 5th. Afterward it was decided that American lives could be saved by waiting for reinforcements and 15,000 men are now on the way to Santiago. The Spaniards are brave, well armed, and entrenched in their "last ditches." They were reinforced on Sunday by 6,000 men from Manzanillo, whose advance the Cubans could not withstand. THE NAVAL ENGAGEMENT. The battleships were lying lazily off the mouth of the harbour on Sunday morning, when at half-past 9 the Christobal Colon, swiftest of Cervera's fine cruisers, unexpectedly hove in sight in the narrow entrance, advancing at full speed, her funnels belching great volumes of smoke. Sampson had sailed eastward seven miles with the flagship, but Commodore Schley and the Brooklyn were on guard. The Brooklyn at once set her signals and advanced to meet Cervera. The four great battleships were ready. It appears that Cervera had transferred his flag to the Infanta Maria Teresa, desiring to survive or perish with the main body of his squadron, and hoping that the following cruisers might, perhaps by sacrificing themselves, promote the escape of the Colon. The leader turned and followed the coast westward. One after the other the three other cruisers and the two swift "destroyers" passed out, all turning to the west. Morro thundered at the American fleet, and Schley was willing that the fugitives should make a little headway in order that the guns of the fort should become harmless. But there was scarcely any perceptible delay of the attack. The battleships closed in upon the doomed cruisers, the pride of Spain's navy, and the American gunners were speedily striking at their vitals, reaching with wonderful accuracy the strip on the side where, as they knew, the Spanish armour belts were thin. Cervera's ships were constantly using all their available guns, and there was a horrible din along that lovely shore. The battle, so far as all except the Colon were concerned, lasted but little more than one hour. At the end of two hours three cruisers and the two destroyers were shattered and burning hulks on the beach. The Colon survived for almost four hours, and steamed forty-five miles westward before she was run upon the rocks. Surviving sailors say that they were plied with liquors by the officers to give them courage, and that when the gunners moved to desert their guns because of the terrible severity of the American fire they were shot down by their superiors. On the Viscaya 163 men were killed. One after another the three cruisers, all of them in flames from exploded American shells, were run upon the beach, and their surviving men were rescued and held as prisoners by boats' crews from the victorious fleet. The stranded ships, blackened and twisted by the fires, when inspected on the following day, furnished abundant evidence of the accuracy of the American aim, and many dead bodies were seen around them and on their decks. The Colon was followed by the Brooklyn and the battleship Oregon. At the beginning of the fight the two swift destroyers, Furor and Pluton, were boldly attacked by the converted yacht Gloucester—formerly a New York millionaire's corsair—which battered them with her six-pound guns until they outstripped her on their westward course. This yacht seemed to have a charmed life, for the destroyers and the Morro gunners were trying to smash her thin sides. After a time she had a second opportunity, for the destroyers, attacked by the big Indiana, sought to escape by reentering the harbour. This time the Gloucester's guns left nothing undone. The two boats were driven on the beach in a sinking condition, and one of them blew up immediately after her men had left her. Then the yacht's boat took Cervera from the wrecked Maria Teresa, and as the weeping Admiral came on board the Gloucester a prisoner, his hand was grasped by her com mander, Lieutenant Wainwright, who said, "I congratulate you, sir, upon having made as gallant a fight as was ever seen on the sea." But Wainwright was thinking of the Maine in the Harbour of Havana. He had been the Maine's executive officer. The last to leave his ship on the night of the explosion, he was constantly engaged for weeks afterward in work upon the wreck, at first taking out the bodies of the poor seamen, and afterward in procuring evidence for the Court of Enquiry. Undoubtedly he admired the courage of Cervera; tut after the stricken Admiral had gone to the cabin, he said to his men, "The Maine is avenged." And if one looks only at the two navies, how long is the list of Spain's losses, as compared witih our own? Excluding the Maine and the 266 seamen who went down with her two months before the beginning of the war, how does the account stand? Spain has lost the four or five cruisers and the two new and swift "torpideros' of Cervera's squadron, her entire fleet or fifteen or more vessels in Manila Bay, together with numerous merchantmen, while several gunboats in Cuban harbours have been disabled. With all these have gone not less than 700 lives, and we have taken 1,600 prisoners, including the enemy's foremost Admiral. On the other hand, we have not lost a ship, nor has any American vessel, except the torpedo boat on which Bagley died, been seriously injured. At Manila no American was killed. During the attack upon Cervera's squadron only one American life was lost; and the number of Americans in the navy slain since the beginning of hostilities does not exceed fifteen. ANNEXATION OF HAWAII. At last the Hawaiian Islands have formally been annexed to the United States by joint resolution of Congress. In the House of Representatives some weeks ago the vote was 209 to 91, 18 Democrats and a dozen Populists standing with 170 Republicans in the affirmative. The objecting minority in the Senate prolonged the contest by many long speeches, but the final vote was taken yesterday, and the resolution was carried, 56 to 33, if the pairs be counted. While a large majority of the negative votes in both Houses were cast by Democrats, party lines were not closely drawn on this question. In the Senate eight Democrats were in favour of annexation, and six prominent Republicans opposed it. The views of the American people concerning the retention of conquered Spanish islands and the establishment of what may be called a colonial policy, are not accurately indicated by this solution of the Hawaiian problem, which was an old one. While the drift of opinion at Washington to-day is decidedly in favour of keeping the Philippines and Porto Rico, after these shall have been taken, I am confident that the attitude of the people generally toward this question is yet to be determined. Foreign observers in Washington may have been misled by the craze for expansion which prevails there. The people have thought very little about this matter, because their minds cannot be diverted from the daily record of the progress of the war. If by-and-by the Republican party should make a policy of expansion the chief plank in its platform for the November elections, it would then in all probability be supported by nine-tenths of the Republicans, and by a considerable number of Democrats and Populists. Democratic leaders are in disagreement on this subject; the tendency among Republican politicians is now toward the adoption of a policy of extension; but it is too early for any one to assume that America has already decided to give up the Monroe doctrine, hold all of Spain's colonial possessions (if once acquired), maintain a large army, and become a party to the quarrels of European Powers in the East. Certain enthusiasts who see this departure already taken, should not overlook the fact that not yet have we occupied the Philippines or attempted the subjugation of Puerto Rico, while we have only begun to expel the Spanish forces from Cuba. 