OUR LISMORE LETTER. July 21. — The coming election is causing only 1 a very feeble stir iu the town. One would H expect nothing else considering that there are H only two candidates with any certainty. A H mysterious ' Mr. Brown ' was supposed to bo H coining into tlie nelil, out ne must nave turned n turtle, and given up the notion of attacking H giant Ewing in his own fortress. He was not H wanted, and, perhaps, some mysterious in- H stinct revealed this fact to his mind. Ho H would have had not even the proverbial ghost H of a show, but it by no means follows that he H would not have got some votes. There are H certain people who would vote for Beelzebub ? if it were only to disturb an existing Bluto of things. ? ? ? ? . ? ? As for Mr. many initials Wulker, he is all that- is respect-able, and he is a man of con siderable reading, hut — not to bo rude — it would be as absurd to send him to Sydney to run our show in Parliament and iu the Depart ments as it would be to send a Big Scrub cockie to London as Agent-Geucral— or nearly so. Ho will get sonic votes too, and a good many, if one is to believe the subterranean rumblings that one hears here and there. In some minds here it seems to indicate a kind of moral superiority, and mental grasp of things, to criticise ' Tommy.' Thoso who do are mostly people who want Bile Beans or Pink Pills to put their livers in order. Mr. Ewing spoke to a very big house this evening, and had a first-class hearing. The only bit of hostile criticism was that of a Big Scrub meant 'who objected to Ewing's way of pronouncing tuberculosis. The way the other man pronounced it was one of the mysterious ways wc read of. It was unique, but no one ^ould cafo to infringe on the copyright. It would he u iJangcroiiSj experiment for anyone eUe's jaw. » # ~ » ? « Mr. Ewinu's speech was one of the best he ever made here, and there was an earnestness about it which was in marked contrast to the i flippancy he is often accused of. He had a H good deal to say about Federation, aud threw H sonic little fresh light on the subject. This -A might have lieen dispensed with. Where Mr. H E. scored was when he drew a vivid picture I] of what the district was like before the repre sentatives iu Purliument worried roads, &c.;, out of successive Governments. With regard to the sugar industry lie had a good deal to say, but the keynote was that he believed the £3 duty was safe in any case, whether Reid was the upper or the nether millstone after the coming electioii. * ? . » » ? « Mb. Ew'INO ' got home ' very emphatically in a certain hostile direction, mid was more sarcastic than he has ever shown himself in Lismore. Rut his sarcasm can only rankle or sting on papier. As it comes from his lips he hasjust the same look of overflowing amiability as if he were uttering a benediction. The vote of confidence was carried without a hand against it. But one can never rely on votes of confidence. ***?*?»* There have beon many pleasant ' hops ' in ( Lismore, and some very unpleasant ones, at which the ' touey 'ones made the atmosphere almost Siberian. A dance given last Friday by the Lismore Rowing Club .deserves prom inent rank among the first. It was the biggest ever held ut the hall, and over a hundred couples were engaged in the poetry of motion N at one time. For unreserved — in the proper s sense — enjoyment it wasa brilliant success, and the members may shake hands with them, selves. By the wuy, a couple of skiffs und many sculls formed part of the decoiations It was a pleasant- Golgotha, or place of BClllls. ' A curious case came before tbd Court on Wednesday, when an old resident, whose banking account most people would like to own, was charged with ' misappropriating ' a ready-made whip which was valued at the wildly fictitious sum of a shilling ! Mr. Ruane — better known as ' Matty ' — was the des perate person aguiusb whom this charge wus made. , ' Matty ' seemed to regard the pecu- 9 liurify-'of this charge with real Hibernian I humor, which beamed on his honest Irish | countenance, in explanation he used the 1 word which is responsible for larrikin. He I was ouly ' Iaarikin.' The charge was with drawn, but it cost ' Matey ' 6s Cd for ex penses. This was paid from a nice little fistful, which seemed to indicate that 'Matty' was prepared for at least a £50 fine. Two other old identities were before the Court iu a painful case. Mrs. Knight sued her husband — best known as ' Bob ' — for support, alleging ill-treatment which forced herefrom home. It- was a squalid case, and one paiuful to listen to. Defendant hail a ' strong cause to show,' but fortunately a compromise was effected, and an order made j for a weekly payment of 7s 6d. After 35 I years of married life such a sequel is pitiful. J ****** We are to have another hotel on a large scale, and the conditional licence wus granted on Wednesday. The applicaut was a brotherin law of Mr. John VYightinan, aud it is, of coiuse, generally understood who is to be the licensee. The building will be near the A.J.S. Bank, where some old shanties have existed in a state of ' hastening decay ' for a very long time. What a change will be made in that corner I By the way, it is stated, on the ' best of authority,' that that quiet-, sedate hostelry, known as Dean's, has changed hands. That is, the property has. Mr. R. M'Kenzie hus sold right out to a Mr. Moouey for a good figure. The management will remain in the same hands. Thb ' New Firm ' have commenced their alterations, and a wonderful change is notice able in the main store, whence the huge stair case has disappeared. But it hus only dis appeared round a corner, whence it gives access to the upper floor. A second storey is to be added, and other extensive improvements made. ^ » » Fraser and Co.'s- handsome store is now nearly completed. It looks an immeuse place inside, and capable of taking into its capacious maw an enormous stock. The ' Retl Flag ' has not yet been hoisted at the buildings of the Auction Mart, where it will be flown while Mr. Robeitson's new building is being erected. . ' ?» ?? »? '? ? * A great sale'of furniture took place at the Mart to-day. The furniture was Dr. Mac queen's. It is reported thut thut gentleman is going to America. (Ho will he too late to mend uroken arms and legs and wings of Uncle Sam's' warriors.) 'lhe bidding was extraordinary, a good many things fetching fifty per cent, moro than the price when new. Mr. Reid in Kino Division. — A very large meeting was addressed by Mr. Reid last Mon day night in the King Division. As at several other meetings previously addressed by the Premier an organised attempt by a small minority of those present to drown his voice was made, but it failed, Mr Reid's remarks being enthusiastically received by the great majority of the audience. An egg was thrown at Mr Reid, but it went wide of the murk, and the Premier jocularly observed 'they try to got a bad egg to throw at me, but it turns fresh on the road.' At the close of his ad dress, he called for a show of hands for him self and for Mr. Burton, the vote being over whelmingly in favor of the Premier. Mr. Reid, who has previously had something to say about tho brutal tactics of ' the brotherly loving Federalist ' in attempting an organised interruption in big meetings desirous of henriug hiin, asked last night what ' tho noble leader ' of these creaturcs thought of their cowardly tuotics. ' We won't pelt them with votes,' a ? sentiment of which the meeting lustily signified B its approval. Mr Want delivered a vigorous V speech. Several eggs were aimed at him, but, as he remarked, they wore ' bad sbvts.' 