CHAPTER XIV. PINNIE HAS AN ADVENTURE. PINNIE was rapidly recovering, and the time drew nigh when he must or- ganize his infant faculties into some line of action for maintenance. He had not been idle during a portion of his sickness. He rose from his bed a differ- ent person in one respect—he could read a little, and every day added to his powers in that direction. His progress was really quite astonishing. His face was paler than before, and his step was still unsteady. But his features were no longer expressive of vacancy, and his step was not shambling. His white forehead and finely molded mouth and chin gave promise of considerable strength. How often at night he asked after the wel- fare of Winnie. This pleased Helen, and her pictures of the girl were at times tinged slightly with the golden hue of affection. It may be stated, also, that the clear-eyed island daughter, with her " iss," and "wass," and sweet Gaelic accent, also inquired daily for Pinnie. One day Pinnie was feeling unusually de- pressed—he felt that he was becoming a bur- den to the household. All were glad to see him so well, and to hear him rattle off " lit- erature" with more or less readiness. But the fact that he was a non-supporting mem- ber of the group was painful. So, one day, when Helen returned from her labor, which still continued, she found a note awaiting her. It was written in boyish script, and read as follows: Dear Miss Helen: I thought I ought to get something to do. So I have borrowed a little money of Mrs. Smith, and I have gone over to Mr. Conrad North's to talk with him and see if he knows what I can do. I will hope to be back as soon as you do. PINNIE. Mrs. Smith had gone into the city shop- ping, and had not returned, and the maid of all work knew nothing of Pinnie's going. Eight o'clock and Mrs. Smith both came, and still no Pinnie. But at half-past 8, just as they were becoming alarmed, a note came from Mrs. North stating that "Mr. Pinnie" would remain there over night. At the North castle it had been a dull day. The light remark made by Conrad about a threatened raid on the down town office wor- ried Mrs. North. Being forewarned, of course Mrs. North felt that there was no real danger. However, what may be called the "feminine shadow" hung over her, and her mind refused to dispel the gloom. The huge clock in the hallway had just struck 2, when the heavy knocker on the heavy door sent a chill through her slight frame. By the time the man servant was at the door, Mrs. North was at the head of the old-fashioned staircase. The door was open- ed. There stood a pale, lank, sickly-looking woman in masculine raiment—at least that was what Mrs. North suspected. The large, dark eyes looked strangely and steadily upon the doubtful Mr. Bonar, who stood for a moment without saying a word, as if wait- ing directions from his mistress. And when Bonar did spring him with a question, he did it carefully, so as not to scare him away in case he were a real ghost. "An' phwat kin I do fer the likes o' yer?" "Can you tell me, mister, if Mr. North lives here!" "Indade, soor, an' we kin do that," return- ed the Irishman, without offering the desired information. On the long piazza, or porch, near the outer door, was a huge rustic chair. With a stammering word Pinnie almost tumbled into this, much to the anxiety of the man. "Och, me leddy, the lahd is sick." Mrs. North was by him at that moment, and asked of Pinnie: "My boy, are you ill?" "I have been, Mrs. North, but I am only so tired now. I walked from the ferry." "Bonar will bring you into the house"— and, as she said this, the sudden thought came into her mind, that, perhaps, this had something to do with the threatened bur- glary. "But then," she reflected in an in- stant, "that was at the down town office and surely this youth, would not be an agent in such work!" Then she said aloud: "You speak my name, but I do not remember to have met you, do you know me?" "Yes, I know you from the words of Miss Lamont. I came to talk with Mr. North, who can tell me what to do, probably." "Are you the sick person of whom Miss Lamont told us?" (To be continued.) 