REMARKABLE CASE OF CLAIR VOYANCE. THE LATE MB. ARTHUR GILMOUR, OF A' LAN'S FLAT, COnROBO- RATES. A. very interesting . article appears in the "Glasgow Weekly Mail" of Septem ber 17th, forwarded to Mr. Charles Han cock, Yackandandah, by some unknown individual, and thence kindly passed on to us, in which that well-known Scottish journal details the circumstances attend ing a remarkable instance of clairvoyance, made specially interesting to people of the Yackandandah district from the fact that the corroborator, who was hunted up by the " Mail," was the late Mr. Arthur Gilmour, of Allan's Flat, whose decease we reported in a recent issue. We give the article, which is entitled, " A ' Al ail' Ghost Story," in globo, so that readers may form an independent opinion of the character of the occurrence : — " In tho ' Weekly Mail' of May 14th of this presert year (1898) there appeared one of the most remarkable series ofstories of a clairvoyant character that has ever been published. About a quarter of a century ago a young man named George Arthur, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur, of Benston, New Cumnock, Ayrshire, left Australia for home on board the sailiug ship Superb. Bis mother — a woman whose truthfulness and reliability were altogether beyond dispute, and whose story was amply verified by the members of her household, by the Rev. D. M'Queen, Ualkeith-road, Edinburgh, and the Rev. A. MacDonald, of the U.P. manse, Old Gum nock — saw in vision all that befel her son from the moment he sot foot on the deck of the ship till he was consigned to the sea. To quote the words of Mr. M'Queen, 'She could describe the point from which he sailed, the crew of the ship, his fellow' passengers: She saw her son struck by a ball of ropes (a cork feiuler). She saw him put into a straight- jacket and lowered, into the hold of the ship. She saw them playing cards on deck and putting the counters into her son's pocket — which were actually found in his clothes when they came back. She could describe the berth her son occupied and the various parts of the ship, with an accuracy that was surprising in one who had never been on board ship." And last of all, she told the manner of his burial, the dress, the service that was read, the body moving, the protest of one passenger that he was not dead. She had a succes sion of trances by day and night which are unparalleled. She saw some pf the painful scenes in church,' and has been known to cry out in horror, and agony.' On board the Superb, a fellow passenger with Mrs. Arthur's son was a young man, Arthur Gilmour by name -Arthur Gil mour could not have been a young mail even a quarter of a century ago, seeing that he was 74 years of age when he died. This is a slight .discrepancy.— Ed. ' B. &. B. A.' wboni the Beiiston fanner's wife saw frequently, in her trances, and when he came home she went through .to East Kil bride, where lie was residing with his brother, to see him. Whenever he entered the room, whore-she was waiting to receive him, she rose from her chair and exclaimed—' Why did you allow them to ill use my son ?' He started, and said — 'Who told you?' And in reply "she began licr terrible record and continued it so graphically that, when she had closed, the young man fainted away. " It is from this gentleman, Mr. Arthur Gilmour, now of Allan's Flat, Victoria, that we have received corroboration of the story told in these columns in May, and now briefly summarised. His letter runs as follows :—' Allan's Flat, Vic toria. Dear Sir, — I read your article about George Arthur and his mother, and what took placo on board the Superb ship going home. It is all correct, only there was more. I never told his mother that George was out of his mind when he was killed. She did not see him knocked down by a sailor with a handspike, hut she saw him carried along the dock and put down the forehold. In the morning .he was dead right enough. I went down and cut off a lock of his hair and took it home to his mother. It was quite correct that when she came to see me at my brother's house (James Gilmour, Field- head, East Kilbride), she knew me, although she had never seen me except in her vision. - She would -not let me speak, sat down beside me on the sofa, and told everything that took place ex- cept.tha blow that killed him. I did not see the blow, but some of the second-class passengers saw it all. — Author Gilmouk.' Mr. Gilmour's letter puts the cap on one of the most extraordinary tales that have ever been given to the public with full corroboration of authenticity. There is not a link wanting in the chain. Every thing is complete, and the progress of the tragedy is traceable from the very be- ginning to the sad consummation of death by violence and burial at sea." i'lie above narrativeit will beobservedis somewhat hazy owing to its condensation; tiud the demise of Mr. Gilmour precludes all possibility of elucidating what is evi dently a very extraordinary exhibition of occult or clairvoyant power. Tho point of the story however is that a mother is able to see in a vision her son " from the moment he set foot on the deck of the ship (off Australia) till his body was con signed to the sea." The incident is but one of thousands that are occurring every day. It calls forcibly to mind a some what similar instance in connection with the foundering of the ill- fated ship Atacama, five hundred miles out at sea o ie dreadfully stormy night in February last. The highly sensational circumstances attending that catastrophe, together with tho terrible story of the sufferings of the survivors, formed the subject of very long and detailed articles in the papers at the "time ; and subjoined to that of the " Argus" was the following paragraph, headed " A Remarkable Dream," which was wired to that journal from its Sydney correspondent. Read in connection with the above article it can not be alt igether without suggestive interest : — " A remark able incident of second sight occurred in connection with the loss of the vessel. Gertrude Struitt, the daughter of Captain Struitt, (of the Atacama) aged fourteen, last Thursday morning, after rising. rushed into her mother's bed-room ex claiming, " Mother, father's ship is wrecked. I saw them getting into the boats, but they were not drowned. Father has very little clothing on, only his shirt and trousers, and no hab." The girl re quired some little quieting, so agitated was she with the reality of her dream. The abandonment of the ship took place on the Wednesday midnight and it was on the. morning that the captain's boat started on its adventurous cruise that the little girl related the Vision to lior ninf.liAP " t —En. B. & B. A. " Punch" on the Attokney-General. When Mr. Isaacs speaks he is admitted to have certain advantages over a few of his colleagues. He is beyond doubt the least peccant after the dumb Mr. Duffy, and the negative Mr. Williams, of the Ministry, in speaking often and at length, though lie has been furnished by Provi dence with the means of speaking well. He is seldom guilty of the gross breaches of the courtesy of political life which bad example has given us in former Ministers. Perhaps he atones for this by indufoiii" occasionally in what may be called "Au torneyisin -rather than Attorney-Gene- ralisin. But for this- defect a natural allowance is made. An advocate can naruiy ue desperately blamed for allowing himself the usual licenses of advocacy, and for shaping his premises and argu ments with a view to his conclusion, be it what it may. It is difficult to imagine Mr. Isaacs relinquishing office unless his chief were to do something par ticularly outrageous. So far he has ob tained an ear of corn from every political harvest. Qur'Attorney-Goneral is of the willow, not the oak, but the willow is an agreeable,- if not imposing, object in a landscape ; a stroug, if pliant, tree, and it is good for making garden seats, cricket bats, Attorney-Generals andjother useful if not indispensable, articles. ' 