KISS-IN-THE-RING RELIGION. 3trangest of theBtrange sects aretha 'Trae Believers' of Southern Kansas. The head of the Believers is Joab Morris, a horse trader. One of hi« .eonsriu-law, Bohall, ia . the preacher of the set. Another, named Darling, is the master of an 'unknown tongue,' -with which he impresses.. the oreoulous" Morris and Darling, cannot read or write ; Bohall eau barely read At night the mcetinga are held wbeh tho spirit moves. The men sit at one end of the Lovel, the women at the othor. The grunting of pigs and the lowing of cows come to the ear over tho low partition. The sermon of Joseph Bohall ia made up of familiar phrases caught from frontier preaohers. Suddenly among the liateuing worshippers Janies Darling 1* umps to hi« feet-. Kiyi, how poco pc KI, ri yi' he said, as taken down hy a reporter, and then hu sat down trembling in every limb, and shu min g und patting bis feet upon thu ground. ' Tho Holy Ghost, speaking in tho unknown tongue,' was solemnly whis pored around and the feeling grew intense. The audieuoe «waved their bodio-* into unison as Bohall resumed his talk. The uplrlt had entered into the faithful, and all else was forgotten in this religious eostnoy. Then Darling rove again and interpreted for thoso not blest with the gift of the unknown tongue. ' Bo faithful and persevering and you will fiutooed,' ho said was tho meaning of what 1 o hud euid before in tho mw tongue, and th" interpretation waa aooepiod with pray or H , amen», and utter belief. Thon oamo a sesión of experiences, and eaoh one in turn related how the spirit had worked within him and oauned him to do this or thut in the furtherance of the faith of the True Followers. The faithful then formed in a circle. Two basins of water were brought out of the house. One was handed to the side of the ring formed Dy the women and the other was given to the men. Morris and Bohall each tied a towel about their loins and washed thair feet, and then each washed those of the person next to them. That poison in tura took tho towel and girding up his or her loins washed the feet of tho one who sat next. This was kept up until the feet of all the faithiul had been washed. Then the holy sacrament was par- taken of. Pokeberry wine and coarse bread were used. During all thin time Darling broke out occasionally with speeohes in the unknown tongue, which speeches he trans- lated immediately. They were mostly ex- hortations to the faithful to persevere, and promibing future happiness for so doing. Towards the end of the meeting Darling would go into fits of trembling and feet shuffling before he spoke. His nervous sufferings seemed real and they affected the crowd sympathetically. Tnen carno the ceremony of the holy kiss. Tho faithful stood in a circle, men and women alternating. Each preacher kissed the woman on his right hand, then the man next to the woman, and so on rouni tho oirolo, until they had kissed everybody there. After the first got well under way in his kissing tour the next one followed, and the scene soon resembled an old fashioned country dance in the figure of 'grand chain,' or, as the callers used to an- nounce, ' Right hand to the lady, left hand to the gent; all hands round.' By this timo the True Followers were nearly in a frenzy, and they sobbed, groaaed, and prayed aloud. After quiet had been restored which was not for several moments, Joab Morris arose with . a Bible, in his hand and began to preach. Ho oannot read, but he said he could antiwer any queation about anything in it, for those who could read only knew what they read, but as Christ spoke through him he knew its meaning. Then, tho ' unknown tongue' interrupted Morris's vigorous preaching and pounding of the book he held in his hand, and tho ' ki-yi pooo-po-cu-ki-yi' from Darling's strong lungs sounded shrilly in the night. The startled horses stopped munching hay and the pigs roused up and squealed. . The faith- ful never learned what the Holy Ghost 3aid to them this time, for tho man who spoke in new tongues fell into a trance and was carried into the house. He often does this, they say, and sometimes does not come to life for many hours. For some timo Joab Morris has preached the coming of Christ in the near future and the wisdom of ceasing work and selling all one's goods to prepare for the great event- Morris is a tall, finely built man. Darling, the man who has the gift of the * unknown tongue,' is a heavy, stupid, and eurly fellow, ignorant as a human being could well be, and almost ? idiotic in his appearance and actions. He has the power oí working himself into a religious frenzy, which always results in unconsciousness. The Believers cure, or profess to onre, by the laying on of hands. A farmer named George Huffman had two ohildren ill. Both were treated in this manner and both died without medical attendance. A physician in the neighbour- hood says that they had chicken pox and could easily have been saved. They believe that they cnn pick up snakes unharmed, although one has died in trying it. They claim that his fairh was not perfect. The meetings of the True Followers are rot alway» without dramatio incident. It is told of one who joined that as he was about to partake of the sacrament he who spoke the unknown tongue forbade him, saying the new member was still possessed of a devil. Great exoitempnt and ojusternation followed, and »he entire assembly set to work to pray the devil out. After several hours of Btrugglo tho devil fled from the repentant brother and took to his heels down a ravine in the black jacks,, with the whole congregation yellinur at bio heels. I he devil wa9 finally treed and shot to d<*ath with' rea! . powder and balli and the ohuroh again went into a session in which the oleaused broi her was Í Hawed to pu rt tike of the saorameut. The Tiue followers have a bay- hors« .rider and a blaoit-horso xider. The blaok horse goes about the country ' whsn it ia not yet time, but when Ohrist is near or the earth- quake is about to come tho bay-horse rider will soour the oountry, giving warning to the True Followers, that they may be on their knees when the end is corns. 