OIIArTEU XIV.-Coniinueo. ' Explanations wcro In onler and .mat Iho .talwnrt Irisbiiiuu, with n heart as liljj u» a mountain, ninrs or liw.,, «m,,,ii,w ,„ ||io «lio of tli» inuiintnln, put his arm abmit tho back of tho ehair, nud, iu „ moinuni, tho young gnnttaiunii was atralebcd out mi nno of tbuw nm ? loth 'wltcus'1 which iih'-1 tn ndoru tho rooma of our grnmlpmiuU. Mrs. North brought n liuifu l.t-ij-sj)i™il /id,] threw It ovor him, uiul In an Incredibly shm-t I lino I'IuuIb was sound iiskvp, ilreillnliiKof n Mia Is. niul a Mlm Wusi, nmt i,ulnt naluttiw. At 8 oVlnck bo was still slraplu,;, and vv,,,-d ma sent ovor to tho vottngo in wo bnio h-i'ii. AtUu'cIiK-k bo w«a nwnliKiied; tho lltllu dimity nmdl riivo him n cup „[ t,.,,, and put him to b«l. And tlim I'liiniu had i'iiIImi into good hnndH. Tono'cloi^ enm.j niiisiml, nud mclld II. ThsnMra. North was u Illtlo Htai'tl^l liy n knoek at thu dnor. llounr linmKbt Inn n'uto ?ml a packsgw hohi up l,y (l,,,t ,,f Hi., inistral clerks, Tho notu «t,itol tlmt ii 'diiwturs' moolillK'1 would kwp Cnmnd iluwii Invrn until lato, nuil Mig^'i'''! Unit sh- r. t i r. ? and not sit ii]. fur him. IIimiIsu ivi|iu-iti...l tlmt the pnekngo bo pli.',.,i I,, thu inmtliiH'tit room, and stnli'd thui miti of iliouM »:iirh inon of tho ollleo «?«« m-,.,i tlu'ii en tho grounds to keep nil i,y,. on Ilin |iri'inl;.pt. Tho packa^o wns honn stnwi:! itway, nud »o was Mrs. North ; nnd all Ilin i;''H li'aso was still. Mm. North (.l.^it wull, Urn »l,,rlas of Taluablos in tbo in ini-n.'iic romu holni,' of frequent oceurrciu.n Tlwslow hims-if ihunlKht ci-cpL silently on, tho moon rWn;t full and blKli ovur Ihn long piloof brick nnd nmsoin-y, nud i ?? ?? ? j .i lik through thu troi'9. Tho faithful waiHiinnn fllleaaud ivtlll'.-.l liU pl|n..nud t i-m n j ,--. 1 1,.,. k »nd forth upon tlml si.Iu uf H,,.. Jwiho ivIlto tho trpilsuro win sliiri'il. Alimil I c.Vlm-k tho ferry wliKtloninrli'd n, though „?, .-,?-? at thu Int.i call, nn.l llm sound «™t .nhnliii' over bill und forest. It Mruek nlMIy ? I Pinnlu's iinncrii-ituinn,! i.iik, m In. li:;l.ily slept ill tlin vast V.I, and Im iiwnl;..m..| in ?omo slight nliinu. ll took n m mi u' lur him to reallzo wlmm h,, w,n In tin. dm Liii'in —a dnrknnss trimnind with tiw silver moo:i. light strmiiunK Into his n»,ui. Hahrnriln key tbrmt into tl-.- dn,r, ,i ,1,,,, comlni; softly up tluislairi, a do.ir np..ii mid ?hut-ami nil «-n* null. ll-i tuniiil nver once more to sleep— but liii I'yvn woulil not stay cIomhI. Tho lut« enlrnnco w;n by (' mr.-id. An hour nftur, In tlin licnvy iliinlm, of th.i trees, upon thu ™.,t «l,l,, ,ir th» Iioiim-, ivIuto of gloom from the i!ul\\-'mmi'U' l'- th'-'. i'ivivJ ll man silt on the ground, i-alnilv untchlm; tho comfort of tlio fnithful oil cmud, not ten rods nwny. II' was »ti!l piir, fully smoking his plpo. It was a tall, thin, endm ?rouiuliliiinn— and wo huvo mot liini \\-;Unv, though now no hvpulebrnl cough warns us of hla prosonco. 11U fiwu wnt not now of n-hva hue. Ills eyos were bright and luminous— his ears koou to tlio unfoldinij of Ilia beotlo's wing, IC^'ery son^o \vn:s nlurt. Ho carried nothing In his hands but around bin waist was iv cord, nnd on ouo end a imall Btool Rrupiu'l. Iu lii.i Wit a xhrnth knlf» was biddeu, and a pistol, both under a loose blouse. As tho shadows deepened the old man rose from tho ground, stopped forward to the lim it of tbe shadows, as silently m u eat and briskly as a fox, Inspecting tho ground n moment, bo dnrt ?d to a dark rocoss In tho building— and to ? portion of tho structure where no deeper* wore near within. A moment later and ho was on the roof of the moonlit sldn- the guard (wing upon tlio other. Hn softly crept along th. edgo of the roof with Ids feet In Iho ktlgo gutters. Ho tionwl ta know Ids strength, nnd paused not n moinuut in ids progress until beneath tho largest clilmnuy on tho bulldlug. Ho then threw htmsi'lf fiatlyupou the sUieji roof, nnd, with tliu aid of tho kedge, or grnpuol, ernwlud to tho mammoth flues, llu know full wull that uo (tiard could dl.ttnguisli n man's bond or body at that distaucn amid the varying forms nnd ghndowi of tbo roofs. A moment thereafter u dark form emerge. from tho blackened wull of a Inrgalireplace, In the great old dlulugroom of tho nncestrnl oing of tho North homestead. It hugs tho wall in crouching attitude, with tread si lonced by tho wool on the solos uf his shoes. Creeping thus to tlio further mid, ho renuhes a panel which ha ran only distinguish iu the darknoM by touch. llnvlng loeatod tlio place, ha rrstfully utrnlghteus up and peers round tho room, which apparently Is of the width of the ntrucliiro, having windows at both ends, lie waits until Ills eyes oulnrge to meet th» darknusH. The opium docs Its work. They aro luminous, nud, Ilko two phosphorescent balls, burn In the gloom liliu tho two llumlng oyus of thu panther. Though unseen, his face is aglow, and bin heart llrud with an Irmircaalbla courage Hut bo does not forget his ritual. Skill is moWi with outmfnty. Kwlftly ho darts acrosi tho room and tries to unfasten it window and ptir.li it open. It Is in vain. It Is eocurnly locltid. Without a moment's delay ho takes from Ids blouu a littlo brace and drill bit. Iu another moment ho Is grinding nwny at tho gluss with a well-oiled drill of the hardest bteel, and In an astonishingly short tlmo It is through. Ho takes from another pocket n, roll ot black cloth. As hu unrolls it nn oiled paper la taken oltiiml thu cloth prnssod llrin ly against tho pain of glass, It sticks tight ly to every part. Then tlio old man inrarts tho drill Into tho hulo ho hns bored, presses .idoways— and tho nhiss broiiks in every direction i but not n pioee falls to tho lloor, nor Is there any uni.-;e. The gluss Is wholly glued to tho elotb. If driven front his work by danger, bo will plunge headlong through tbls oponing. but othorwlbo go as h» anno. Ho now returns to his panel. Not over ton minutes lmvo Iman lost Wllli tbe butt end ot bis sheath knife lie worms n hole under the panel and pries It up. llo huuda up tho pnlutod mi'tal, but tlio bolt of tlio lock doos not give way, Tho old man's slender baud is inserlod-nnd tho keys are his. Now tho vault Is oponcd— both doom. Tlin burglar onters, closlug tlio lnnor nnd llghtur door behind him. A 'lueifor' is scratched and a dark lautorn lighted. It U the au promii moment, to a ghoul »ho pr«y« u;«iii hi. fellows, ' And bis rapid hunrt-bcnti nro audlblo to tbo old man In the 41oneo-a slluncii whlebbo run almost feel nllhlu thoro brlek walls, Tho packugo lies before him. tils hands nre upon It. Whntlf.durlng this work of dniknoss, In tho mystorious night, thorn had been a man of stout henrt nnd boreutonn frame lu that old dining room of tho Norths! What lf this man, wboso courage may havo b»oo tested in tbo hot battle worn to calmly seat hlmioll In the dark shadows, while tlmso two vlslblo oyelmlls .wept nriiuud Die room, nud thus wnteli tho cilia liiumiteut its way tllautly llilnugb glnml And then follow them through Iron doors lo a. wludnwloss vnultl And Kuppnm this nlt iicm slJwitly follow, Into tliu thli'k dnrbiiess nud musty nlr, and feels thnt there were two oiituinhnl— whence but onu ouiild eouio forth ullvul And fllinlly, what lf thai despornto old cnt lights his enudln-lantorn, wlr.t's tho treasure, turns quickly around ; and llnds himself faro to fnco, not with n giant, but with— i'lunlel Yegmlsl but what a scolll'l Thu old man cilod nluuil, stepped back n |-neo or two, dropped the pneknfu uml troin Idtd from head foot— rt cold presplrntlon covering his body, 'Tim ghost I' bo murmured. His ruddy face was whllo with fear, nnd the a.lira hue crept over nnd upan It. Tho eltfrt of the drug was overcome liy tear and a hollow ciitgh lillrd Iho vault. It whs nil Ill a moment, liefore tho start liNl;.nv,.f llii.yi.iilh liml uvidelli-ed his won dcr, with |i:il.'d lips at Hint plumtom bofore him, ipildi in Ihu llii.li or li^ht from Ids knife Hid old devil leaped to his vli'thu, nud llosh nrtpirlt, Krn»p,'d tho ylebllng form by tlio throntiiad horn it to tliu .tony lloi.r. Ills kllir,, huh rnU'd to Mnknl Hat the light ri'lli-hid that laco liefoni the \i\Ma. Tho ilvs' ? lluglinlfo»w..rved tiilho mono lloor nnd Hi' liludi. «as Imikon fi'mn tho hasp! Tho blow had been pnrrlcd bythoso grnpo purple eym— and n bopcl.'M fuco which ho lui'l ? a botore. 'liirtordiivllC'lio IiI--m',1 a» ho (omened Ids hand upon Iho throat. Mill Iheiti wnsiioiinswcr. '!i|i.''i-hle.«i Then, by heavens, you nro .-Mh It:' Mt ill tin. nlelii .iyes lookol, calm nnd Ken 1 1.-. hiiuliK ?llm.ill v.rotoh win fii!.clnatwl. Ho took hi-, li.uid from lb,! t'lnmt. and i.troked Hie brow ni liw hoy. 'Wurely you niv lliv.h and l.|','d, lliil.erti' Hut not a word fnnu l'innli'. Tin. ,,ld man ,.lio ;'.- him. 'Sny. are you P'al.' Tin. II,., parted nn.l inull.-rod bonle tbiii--|..obidi.ibu-ily to l.u be.ml. 'liyh.'.n-.ii-,! you nr.i ri-nl, or «-!-o this dill!; hi, plnycil m.i fnl-u.' Then hllddenly lijfli.-iim-f.l tii4t mi t., K..ntlcnes». 'l.uok h.'iv, b,,v, I wan! to kn..w »ho you arc— -vh.-.li-y..ui-imm.i/' ??I'innle,' nil i'.-d thu youth us It iu nlght Tli.irobberM-nitbrllIe.las by mi elretrlc (.hook. ?-.^uli.TO, boy; Is your name I'iunlol' -V.-l' ''.Vh.-rodld yun g.-t it! Did that conn from it Hptinilird culled tlio Tigerl' 'Vi-s.' '11.11 nod fury I Wbcro did you coins frooil' 'I ho -cis.' replied tliu youth, a brightness in Ids look. 'Am I dreaming, nud tbls hut the phnn toin ul tlmt drug I Young man, where bavo youlMnfoi-tMentyyearsI' 'At tin -H-hool.' 'Whu.ii lo you live nowl' 'Wli.ro you taw mo before.' 'Well, boy, I uhall not barm you, nor let nny one uUo~. Hut don't you ever let that Spanish devil Ret bis hands on you, or your tlmo will bo nt band.' 'Who nro you!' asked tho boy with 'X»vor mind. Your nnnw is Hubort-but 'Aiid'you-nro ? 1' 'Htopl Sny not another word.' But it was not uecssary to caution lihn. Tlie ex traordlnai-y Innueucu of the face before nnd over hllil nud tUe.tpoi-lnti'ill of ilwilh had silstalii.-il thu trail boy. Thnt removed, ho full back upon tin. outlaw's arm uncoiisrioUB. The robber lnld him guntly upon the tloor and nriiMi. Quickly grnsplng tbo tnnsuro, be pa-M'd thl'oiii:li tho vaulted doors and pmsttl to the lln-plaee. Hut 111 thnt ten so iwiiUnUTrib'OhtrugglKbail liccu going on In the u-liiin ? c;inv,l hroiihl of tho num. He pniiMsd a moment imil drow deop (.islin. Tho next step was backward. Uotraclng, ho rcuutcrod tbe vault, replueeil the packet -mid vanished. He I'onl.l not condemn his own son to nhnine, nod porlinps to prison. 