THE NATIONAL CREDITOR, TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-The Sydney Daily Telegraph, which it is now making the most strenuous exertion to defeat federation, with a hope of building up all that is selfish and provincial in New South Wales, has raised the old bogey that j in transferring to the federation the sole right, to raise revenue by Customs and excise wo alienate the principal accuracy I pledged by the several States to the public a creditor. Ergo, says Mr. Fitzgerald, the public creditor of Tasmania will be in no enviable position " through this " breach of faith." That ghost has been laid many a time and long ! since. Who claims that we pledged our I Customs revenue to pay the interest on our debt ? Who separated that which is a perennial security from the real estate, the railways and the Crown lands ? - For security, realty is the best security, and not so a mere promise to pay. But the fact is no part of a State's separate account has for more than 20 years past been offered as security to the public creditor. It is different with municipal loans the rates are pledged, For loans on Government debentures!, on Treasury bills, on inscribed stock, there is an absence of any mention of security. It is the national credit which is pledged and not any separate security. A nation is a people plus ability to raise revenue, plus what are known in territorial assets. When did we ever hear of such a claim put forward by our creditors ? Never ! We are trusted because Britons never repudiate ; because we are an integral part of the Empire ; because a colony once established by Britons never fails to add to the commerce of the Empire ; because all the debts incurred go to improve the colonial position, and add to our ability to pay the interest. Why not single out railways which earn more than the interest in Victoria, South Australia, and New South Wales, and say they are a pledge to the creditors The territorial revenue of New South Wales is over two millions sterling per annum. Her Customs and excise revenue last year was one million two hundred thousand pounds ; the annual interest due to her creditors two millions three hundred thousand pounds. What a poor security that Customs revenue, about 100. in the £1, How ample the railways and territorial revenues. Yet the Daily Telegraph makes the slip in its desire to handle any stick to thrash federation with, that it is the insufficient Customs duties and not the earliest railways security which the creditor holds. Yet New South Wales securities always stand higher in the market than those of any other Australian colony. The argument never commanded any attention, and never will, for it is the national credit, the people who are trusted ; their numbers and their capacities maintain the public credit. But who or what is this Commonwealth, to whom the sole right is to be committed to raise Customs and excise revenues? For what purpose will the Commonwealth raise that revenue The Commonwealth is ourselves in a joint and several capacity, and the revenue raised in excess of the cost of government is being raised in order that all the surplus shall be returned to each State to enable it to maintain its credit by duly paying the interest, -Yours, etc., I Treasury, May 9. P. O. FYSH. 