1 mmsam. SPIRIT WARNINGS OF DISASTER. It BeemB bad enough to see someone else's ghost ; hut to have to sit still and watoh your own spook float airily about before you, is quite too unoanny for anything. Luckily, to judge from some of the oaBes on record, ; your spirit double only visits you on matters of extremely urgent business ; and when he does look in, it is well to treat him nicely, and take particular notioe of any hints he may drop, for you very likely may depend upon them. To show how necessary this is, a case may be quoted, which the writer has satisfied himself is perfeotly bona fide. A friend of his, a young surgeon, oaptain in the Indian Medical Service, was putting in a few days jungle shooting at the foot of the Himalayas. One night he was sleeping alone in the hut — his companion having been recalled unexpectedly— when he suddenly awo&e; with a dread feeling that something serious was about to happen. Turning over very slowly, for fear of hastening any attack, he looked up, and to his horror saw his own spectre standing, attired in shadowy garb exactly like his own, at the bed-side. The apparition gazed at him for an in stant, as if to assure itself that he was awake, then raised its hand and pointed steadily at one corner of the room. Follow ing the direction indicated, the dootor looked and instantly the black head and body of a oobra darted irom a oranny of the wall, and came crawling aoroBs the moonlit floor to the mattress on which he was lying. A gun Bhot blew it to pulp, but when the dootor . looked to see what had become of his de liverer, the ghost had vanished. In another instance, a girl, when sitting up into the small hours of the morning reading, saw her own apparition in night- robe glide aoross the bedroom to a bay win dow which Btood open, pass through it, and vanish. The girl was known on rare oc casions to walk in her sleep, and her mother, shrewdly imagining it was a premonition of disaster, kept watoh the following night. Sure enough, the girl, at the hour of the vision, rose, orossed to the window, un fastened it, and in another second would have been burled thirty feet to the ground beneath, had her mother not olutohed her. Less fortunate was a man who, having seen his spirit double, did not take warning. He was sitting reading at the window one evening last summer, when his attention was attracted by his dog suddenly getting up and rushing to the front door, where it barked vigorously. Looking out, he was astounded to see a man resembling him exaotly in faee, figure and dress, coming slowly up the steps leading to the front door. .Half- way up the figure vanished, apparently into the masonry, and the expectant terrier gave a mournful howl. The next evening, returning from business at the identical hour, he was mounting the steps, when they sud denly collapsed: he was flung into the oellar beneath, and instantly killed. Perhaps a more dramatic instance than any is one told in the Fire Brigade. A few years back a call was reoeived, and the engine was manned. Five men constituted the orew, but as it drove out of the station they noticed a sixth, the exact double of a mate who they knew was left in the station. As the engine swung into the road at a gal lop the helmeted spectre vanished into thin air. On their return, the men, pale as sheets, related their uneanny experience, and, to their astonishment, were corroborated by their mates in the station, and among them the double in the flesh. An hour later a second call came, and the unfortunate fireman, being next for duty, mounted to his seat. Again the engine swept out at a gallop, but as it took the corner the wheel struck a post, and one of the orew was flung from his seat and his brains knocked out on the cobbled street. It waB the man whose spectre a couple of hours before had appeased and vanished on the eame spot. 