GREENBRIAR CHOST. Why had Cella refused to take me into the attic rooms, and why had she mid in such a strange manner that "it was getting dunk and we must go be low'.-" This was my first visit to Grccnbrlnr, . a gloomy old place sonic miles from the city, which iiUf-lc hud obtalmil ut a hurpiln Ims-uusc or its reputation us he- llig'the abiding phut- of u "real ghost." And Cousin Cellu hutl Ixvn showing me the Ijotis«% t»ut stujtpwl short on the landing, refusing to go further. Now. Uncle Remus, with Ids whole futully, disbelieved In spiritual luanKVs- tutions with u vcngeunce. Certainly, then. Cellu was not c-ownrdly. No! there wore other reasons for Iter |x ttllar air us siie pret'itled me down the narrow flight of shadowy stairs to the hall lie- low. I was certain of it: inv curiosity was aroused: I was sure a mystery ex isted somewhere ulmvo the thlnl Hour, und 1 soon found myself planning to In vestigate tin matter, even ir 1 hail to visit the apartment by nJgiit. The family residing there, and of 1 whom Uncle Itcmus purchased the pro- |>erty. could explain the mysterious sounds they heard, hut had said that "once n very wicked man lived there, who. after receiving a vMt from his brother, a wealthy man of the Mast, suddenly went away, none knew whither. After that tin house and grounds were held for Nile through an agent.". How true lids story was ! did not know nor care. My relatives "juxdi- poohed" the whole of it, as well as the visitation, and why should l concern tuyself In the matter? 1 only wished to Und out the reason for (.Vila's strange manner, ami to see the contents of the' garret chamtn-rs. ami this I was deter mined to do, by some book or crook of fortune. And fate was unexpectedly and un kindly kind— If I may express it that way— sooner than I dared to hope. It was evening. Cell a aud I were under the trees, loitering alsnit In the twilight, discussing plans for tin- mor row. when a man crossed the lawn and dulfiiug Ids cap to her said: "There has boon an aeehlent over tit the Meadows this afternoon. Miss l.isle. Mrs Gtynfurd desires ymi to come over If you can; It's her husband who Is hurt, uiu'aiu, in a runaway." Now, Mrs Gfynford was an especial friend, aud of courve Olla must go. .She looked at me. "ilo." said I. thinking of. the third story: "go, by all imams for I shall get along nicely. I shall write to timmiim or re:ui to Aunt Lucia, ( or. tiring of IkjUi. retire." She kissed nn» fervently at this, and ran off to make ready for her good Samaritan call. Presently she came back. "Flossie," she said, "don't take it into your head to explore th»» garret chambers while 1 am gone; it wouldn't pleasant to go wandering n!mt a lot of cold. sih>ut nporttmuits la the night" (1 fancied she shivereth; "twaides. mamina doesn't approve of lights lHilug carried through the house: afraid of a conflagration, .von know." Aud she laughed nervously. i concluded 1o dissemble. "l).» yoti Imagine | urn brave enoirgn to stall: that ghost alone In the night watches?" I asked. "Rest assured tiiat I shall keep below ?" This satisfied her. and she walked away toward the house once mote. 1 stuyed uudor the trees until ten oYlrw-1:; then 1 went to inv mom. As I laid my watch In Its <ttse I fell to musing. It seemed to me that my eonslti had weightier reasons for not talcing me to those ehnnilierx; or else was over parti cular, Indeed. My rooms were on the ground Moor. WiMl harm would there he in my go. Jug to the upper lloor ami. perhaps, walking the length of the corridor ? None, 1 peeped out Into the hall. Every- fioily was ttlM.'d: all wax still, and the moonlight came softly tl, rough the great windows above. Hooding the stair, case leudlng thither with a silvery radiance. "To Im» afraid on such a night r.s this!" I ejaculated. "I nm going to the corridor, anyway." Suiting the action to the word. I ascended the steps to the lirst lauding and stood a moment peering up to the mysterious corridor aWivc me. The next (light of stcjts was not Ion-, aud soon I found myself on the next Hour— on the forbidden ground! Threw narrow window,- lighted up this lonely, silent place rather dimly near the landing where \ stood, white the other end of the empty corridor was dark. "Well," I said, "this isn't interest, lug: in spile of Aunt Lm-hi. 1 Ih'Hcvo 1 will bring my lamp." As I turned to go down l caught sight of the gleam of lamp-light shilling out across the polished tloorof the corridor from under the dour of one of the un« explored chambers. Cella had given me to understand that no one occupied this Moor, and tii:it the rooms were not even furnished. Suddenly It dawned uputt mc that 1 laid tome to the mystery! , Seized with a startling impression of danger, I started hastily downstairs, hoping to reach my own apartments be fore iK'lng discovered. Illlt before I bud descended three steps, the door above opened, and a stout-looking man came out. dragging somethrng after him. Instead »f rush- lug away to my mums I stood routed to the spot by a curious feeling, as If 1 . wore not myself, but another. .Slowly and laboriously the man came down tin corridor toward me with his burden. As be drew near I shrunk bad: .In honor; he was half carrying, half drugging the lifeless (tody of a mur dered victim— murdered, I knew, by the gaping wound lit bis throat, from which 'the blood still trickled down. 1 saw It plaiuly as lu passed me in the moon- .light ou the lauding. 1 held my breath; what next? Would the stout, villain- ous-Iooklng wretch see me aud kill me for holug an oy«-wlU»c.->s to Ids awful crime? No. he look no notice of me whatever; hut opened the small door to the utile over the wing, aud. dragging the liody Into the darkness heyoud, disappeared. instinctively I looked toward the room from which the lumielight shone ho brightly only ii few minutes Iteforc. .vd was diirk and silent. 1 looked oticc more to the attic door; It was shut, and 1 saw that it had not been opened, the Itult above the latch was not dis- tnrlssl. . "How did he get In?" I sal down on the stairs in a cold sweat. 1 hud seen— not lleHh.aiul blood, but the (Irceabrlar "ghost," . Involuntarily I shivered aud cumc to myself again. Somehow 1 felt that 1 had gotten buck from somewhere; (he \- clock lu the hall below struck twelve. I tried to rise, but in vain. My head swum; . I felt ipiii-r; the corridor grew bluck us night above tue, and 1 knew no more. . When I became conscious again it wns'iuornlng— bright, sunny day, and Celln was Imthlug my temples. "lie killed hint." I said excitedly look, log ut Celln, with nil the horror of the . night before In my eyes. "Be .still, dear," she said gently; "you . are IlU.iind have Ih-cii dreaming." . "No," I said; "1 saw him drug the body from the chamber ut the end »t the corrldtor. ami take It Into the attic ( over the wlug on the west; no, Cella, I . Ijnven'l dreamed It." My cousin gave mo a startled look of | . Inquiry, hut mild nothing in reply. I I. could see. however, thut she was very .much; disturbed by what 1 said, us aho 1 (Idled up the room, while I lay.wutcli- j log her.. I was (11 three weeks from the shock i 1 had experienced, und, had uot Cella returned shortly after midnight and searched for me. It may. hare been that this sketch would hare remained un written. When I /was able to think of return- log" hdrae, uncle came to me and said— 'Whatcreryou saw, or thought you saw "I did see it. Uncle Remus," I Inter rupted excitedly. \- "There, there!" he flald.depreeatlngly; "whatever It won that you saw, it, doubtless. Is something not very idea- sum to have under your own roof, at least." "Aud now." continued he, confldent!- nllv, "the place Is a line one, and de sirable save this— this— whatever It Is; It will not take long to thai n purchaser for (Jlenhrlar, and the favor I wish to ask of you, Flossie, Is to not mention lids experience of yours where it might hurt tin' sale of the property." I nodded my head and said, playfully: "How mui-h hash-money will you give lae ancle?" lie loolnd at tno for a moment, thou said. "A hundred dollars, Flossie, If you keep mum until I make a gwd sale/' "Agrc-sl." I exclaimed: "ugre«sI,Uuclc Uentus." He must have made a "good sale," for hi six weeks, after my return home, lie sent me the required amount, and I call it the prUe of the flroetibriar ghost. I iearm-d afterwards that through a chain of circumstantial evidence, the most Important of which was tlndlng tin- skeleton of a man in the attic of Hie western wing at fJrecnlirlar, the notorious lirst owucr hud lw-cn brought to Justice and convicted or the murder of ids brother. It seemed that his brother was very wealthy, ami had brought a fabulous sum of money with 1dm. intending to invest It in property In the vlclnft.v of (rreenbrlar. 'Hie wicked brother, tlndlng tills out. determined to have It at any price, and x» took the man's life, secret ctl tlnybody in (lie attic, and giving out the victim iiad returned home, sold the property, aud with his price of blood left the place. After the discovery of the skeleton In the attic ami the execution of the red- hand'il murderer, they say the Green- Mar .ghost walks the- lonely corridor no more.— "West Lothian Courier." 