Terrible Burning Accident. J A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-, "T PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN, AN AWFUL SI6HT. ' _ , While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot^water Dines, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, re ports began to be circulated in the neighborhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this" apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from the "Sydney "Worker" was despatched to get all information regarding -the same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thomas Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old paby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He ?was ûp and about, and able to answer the knock »t the door. Although. pale, and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid BO more. ; In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: ."You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facta .may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." . ~~' ' ? ? I "How long were you suffering?" Well, twelve months ago I got BO bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath In Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I nave been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady,. I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." "Whait were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as much * as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my. bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and . could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, ho gave me an order to the Director of Charitable, , Institutions." "Did you make use of the order?" . = "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been {retty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, and did all he could, by opium and mor / phia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I, was under him for Ave or six weeks. He came to the con elusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ata xia, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar ' disturb ances of gait, and difficulty In co- ordinating volun tary movements. He told me that I might last for ben years, and that I might never get the use of my legs." (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opin ion is not infallible.) "Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure teffected in the case of another boilermaker In England, which I read in the 'Australian . Work man,' by Dr. Williams' Bink Pills for Pale People. I read In the advertisement of a case which seemed to flt my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as lt was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the" bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly sew, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams* Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." "He is 100 per cent, better," Bald. Mrs. Jarvis, Who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People bave saved his life, and made another man of fcim." A friend who called in at this point'said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. MI can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back Into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece" there is a box of Opium and Morphia Pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can lltay where they are, for I no longer need them. Bverybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. Jay being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. "Williams Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease; also the many disorders which arise from ?- an impoverished state of the blood, such as anae mia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular Weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, «to. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by Our reporter in connection with the remarkable éase of Mr. Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gqwen toys he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also «new that he had to give up his work at Glebe Is land Abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a , malady which he delevoped. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was lit tle chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. Ji'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete re covery of Jarvis. Those wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, »ne box for 2s Dd, or half-dozen for 15s 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten.-0. . 