? J[T is % very common occurrence for outsider to criticise the Pre.-K, to blame it for Bins of omniiasion or commission, to accuse it of one-sidedness, of unreasoiiable party prejudices or private affections. Of course, the public have a right to criticise according to their lights, and it is only reasonable that the Critic should submit to criticism. It lias to be observed, however, that the Press usually acts as critic or mentor after taking special pains to ascertain all phases of the question it discusses, whilst those who are readiest to condemu the Press are often guided solely by tbeir own personal predilection. The Tact is there are comparatively few persons who really understand the aims and functions of the newspaper Press or of its con tuutors. This may be due to the modesty of the latter (we fancy we see a smile enrve the lips of the reader), • for whilst they endeavour, through the medium of print, to educate all and •sundry upon every conceivable current topic of general interest and tu keep tliein abreast of everything relative to the world's progress, they are reticent regarding the branch of industry they themselves represent, and which has been fitly described as " the power behind the throne which is greater than the throne itself." The Press is frequently "referred to as the " Fourth Estate " ;.it is in a Bense the First, be -anse kings and rulers and individuals are influenced by -it. The news held by the public regarding the Press arc often as amusing to its conductors as they .are erroneous. Some people look upon a newspaper as a sort of philanthropic institution, established purely for the benefit of the community amongst which it circulates. " Cranks *' suffering from imaginary grievances and afflicted with an itch for writing have a notion that all their' wordy effusions should be received'-with joy -by the editor, and accepted with- gratitude by the pro- prietor. Business men will often send in little " pars -—sometimes half a colupm ... in . Length-r-which • are pure advertisements, "and expect to see them appear next morning in all the glory of print. They even, fancy at times that they are conferring a special favor by giving the paper something which will " till its columns." Tliey do not consider for a moment that a costly composing Btaff has to be paid to set up the real news of the world, so that it may be presented to them at tbeir breakfast tables "warm from the lips of instinct," as Pitman puts it, six days out of the seven; that a large and experienced literary staff has to slave day and night to obtain and prepare the literary olla podrida which is served up each morning ; that correspondents have to be employed in almost every part of the globe ; that a commercial staff, machinists, niLners and agents are matters of necessity in the conduct of a newspaper business. It may at once be stated for the information of the thoughtless and uninitiated that newspapers are commercial undertak- _jngB_Just as mercantile, concerns are, aM that they can only be carried on by (he agency of coin of the realm. The employes aud their families, unfortunately, require sustenance.- like ordinary mortals, and they have a bad habit of entering the counting-house at least once a week to see f ' the ghost walk," AB the periodical transference of die proprietor's takings to the pockets of th» staff .is called in the parlance of the business. But the Pras, though based upon commerce, is located on a higher piano than most other commercial concerns, inasmuch as to ensure the fullest amount of commercial success it must put forth' every effort to advance the interests, not of a mere section of the people; but really of the world. It may not trnckle to individuals or parties in the spirit of the huckster; its sphere of operation is expansive as -the globe, however circumscribed its -circulation, and it must needs have the co-operation of the best intellect of the world in collating and compiling the daily bistoiy of the two hemispheres. ' .It has to be in touch with the progress "of every movement, and to pronounce -judgment upon the most perplexing land difficult questions of the day. The 'doings of Cabinets, the sayings of Parliaments, the decisions of Lfgisla- ,-tureB, the proceedings of local jfJOMifc, road boards, courtB of law, ^together with a thousand and one other matters of local and general concent, ^rtave to pass under the review of yhe journalist, and be scattered ^broadcast by the newspaper projjttiBtor at an expense greater in pro- ^Jjortion to the returns than is the cost gohtfondujting almost any other busiurcs finder the sun. • t Yet the average man 5 1 jjrhen lie picks up his morning paper Frill often, after a casual glance nt its ^columns, throw down the broadsheet 'lift the exclamation, " There's nothing i it:?' It is well that the Press exists Something more substantial than he thanks or gratitude of the comi&nlty;, aud that it does not attempt to please everyone, otherwise its condncwould speedily find they hfld but i the wind to i'eap the whirlwind, here is one thing certain, and that is: it no civilised aud progressive eomnhuitycan do without its printing press, 'Vita broad sheets, and although the dde world knows little of its organion and the worries and unending ibpra of all connected with the daily ''sue pi a newspaper they know, or soon be njade to know, that the anon of tbe Press for but a brief . would result in oorrnption, opsion, and villainy, which woofr ow civilisation back into tb» [ in the dark ages. st pressmen of A- x letter, a corr^'' state &> Pre«" One of tbe .ustralia once said apt and venal Press than • at all." And he was right; ^ "the impartial'observer-will freely ^knowledge that the institution in hese colonies atiany 'rate is one of irhioh tbe yonng natioh'of Australia i jnst reason to be prond. 