AN OLD GHOST STORY. I tell (he story as it was told to me. I cannot vouch for its truth; but I can for the goo'd faith of my informant who passed on the tradition, with which he had been familiar frOm his childhood. It was a typical November evenihg in' the year i8—that a priest was returning; to his pre'sbytery in the borough of Southward after his usual round of visitations. A soft, wetting rain was falling, and the lamps glimmered faintly in the murky atmosphere, when he turned into the comparatively bright hall of his modest abode. Very wet were pavement and street, very wet above and below, and v7iy glad he was to find light and shelter. He was met by his housekeeper, who welcomed him with a not unusual salutation— "YOH had better not change your clothes, Father ; here is a sick call." "the word of God is promulgated in earthe'rn vessels," and the priest was not exactly in the most dulcet of dispositions. " A sick call!" he said. " Whose ?" " This lady will tell you," replied the housekeeper, and as she spoke an elderly lady advanced and said, " You need not bring the' Sacraments, Father, but it is a sick call of great importance, and I will show you the house in Dash Street." ."Not bring the Sacraments?" urged the priest. "Then why will not tomorrow do just as well ? And, besides, there are very few Catholics in Dash Sfreet, and there are no sick among them." " " There is a Catholic there you do not know," replied the lady ; "and this is a very important sick call," she added, with great firmness. "Well," said the pViest, " I suppose I had better go just as I am, but what is the .number in the street?" " I will go before you and show you," sajcL the lady and they emerged into the dark, sloppy street. His guide walked swiftly before him, » and "it was as much as he could do to keep up with her as she led him to the dull, respectable Dash Street, where so few Catholics, at present, resided. It had been once the street of Borough merchants and traders, but as these migrated to country villas it was nokv left to those, tenants who wanted large rooms at comparatively cheap rents, and was then occupied by single men who went into the City every day, widows, half-pay officers, and retired tradesmen- It was noj a cheerful street, and the November " brief day fell" very "chill and dun on Dash Street. The lady proceeded to nearly the middle of the streot, when she stood still r and pointed to the house opposite. "That'Vshe said to the priest, *'is the house—fto. is. You see the bright knocker, No. I5,"atfd she passed away up the street. • The . priest crossed ; the road, ana knocked and rang.at No. 15.,' A bright-looking maid opened the door, and the priest said, " I think there is som£<yie jll in this house, and I have just been sent for to attend to the case. " No, sir." returned the girl, " there is no one ill here ; perhaps it is next dooi? " Nov no," said the priest, impatiently. " I.was distinctly referred to this house to make enquiries- I am sure there isa sick personhece;"' •; , There are three persons in thehousethe master, Mrs.. Smith, and myself, returned the maid. "Mrs. Smith is in the kitdien, quite well, my master is upstairs, and Scream I,'' . ' This is really too bad," exclaimed the priest. " I have been sent for on this dreadful meW to a very particular sick is really too bad." • "What is the matter?'' said a young man, leaning over the bannisters, who had been disturbed by (he alteration in the hall. Then, on seeing the priest, " What is the matter, Father ?—come in, I beseech you." "Matter enough," rejoined the priest. " I have been distinctly directed to this house on tbe plea of a case of illness, and F ain now told there is no one ill at all. Are you sure theie is uo one else in the house?" "Certain," said the young man. " There is no' one else in the house besides us three, and weare all well, thank God ; but come upstairs and dry yourself, anyhow." The priest followed his host upstairs, and found himself in a snuggery, where warmth and comfort soon had a beneficial effect both on clothes and temper. The room was spacious and comfortable enough for a bachelor, and was divided by folding doors from the back drawingroom, and when the two rooms were in combination a very handsome apartment was obtained. The priest soon warmed and dried himself, and gazed round on the masculine elements in his host's winter retreat —the easy chairs, the books, the smoking appliances, and the general inornate and flowerless appearance of the furniture. " Yes," said the young man, guessing the thoughts of his guest, "this is a tjwreugh nun's den, but 1 have got all 'th^pferty things my mother left me in ^IhtTothisr rooms She has been dead ;some',tlirte years now, and I keep the 'front-drawing-room much as she left it, for see, Father, that I am nearly aUvays^tfere, and only use the other room cwfan l.liave got some fellows here, or \VafrtfreCT air iri the summer." ^^Vou keep bn calling me ' Father," " observed the/^riest. " Surely you are not a Catholic I" " Oh, yes, I am, Father; but I am not surprised at your not knowing me, for I am sorry to say I have neglected my duties for a long time. I go into the City every day, and am a very busy man. As long as my dear mother lived I kept right, but that was before your time. Ever since, I fell away, and got from bad to worse, first giving up the Sacraments, and then not even going to Mass. It is a matter of sheer neglect." "Well,' said the priest, "this is not exactly the sick call I expected when I was directed here, but souls can be sick as well as bodies.' 1 " What I want to know," said his young host, " is this : Who 011 earth was the lady who brought you here ?'' " I don't know," answered the priest. " Probably someone who knows you without knowing me, living in the street, for all I can tell. But look here. Why should my visit be fruitless ? You are out of the Church, and I can put you you straight before I go home. Don't neglect the opportunity." " Oh, but I want time for preparation and examination of conscience I have not been since my mother died." " Examination of conscience, of course ; but you have your prayer-book, and I will leave, you alone. You can prepare yourself here just as well as anywhere else. I will go into the other room, and look at all your pretty things ; and you look through the sins against God, your neighbor, and self, and I will come back and hear you. Make a good act of contrition ; above all, there is plenty of time —you need not hurry. The priest went into the front drawingroom, leaving the folding doors open, and the young man was soon asking himself the various questions which the " Key of Heaven " suggested. Among the ornaments which decorated the disused room there were many which arrested the priest's attention. There were curious old cabinets, a collection of coins, and the walls were crowded with pictures of more or less excellence. The young man had almost finished his examination, when he was disturbed by an exclamation from the priest in the adjoining room. " What is the matter, Father ?" he exclaimed. The priest, as pale as death, turned to •him. " Who is that lady :" he said, pointing to a portrait of an elderly lady before him. • • "Oh,that is my mother, of whom I spoke to'you just now, and very like h$r it is." Why," said the priest, coning tpwardslvm, " that is the lady who brought 111c to this house.,' , . . • "Nonsense : Father—why, my mother has been dead these three years, before Vou came into the parish." " I can only say. and I pruld repeat it on oatli. that the lady who came c.i the presbyterv and brought me opposite this house, and dearly indicated it, is the same as that depicted un the wall. I clearly saw her face in the ga-lialu." " It is very odd," murmured the young man. "but I think you imagined it However, I am quite ready now t» make my confession if you wiil hear me." The sacred rite wassoSn accomplished, and when he had given absolution the priest prepared lo return home. "After this extraordinary meeting," he said, " let us know each other belter. Come to Holy Communion to-morrow morning, and I will give you breakfast afterwards. You can take me 01 your way to the City, for the omnibus passes my door, so that will save you returning home. Mind you are punctual—eight o'ilock sharp, and I give Communion before Mass, so that you can make your thanksgiving during the Mass, and when I have made mine I will join you at breakfast.' 1 " Thank you very much, and goodnight, Father," said the young man,"leaning over the bannisters once more. " I cannot tell you what you have done for me. I shall turn up at eight o'clock without fail. Good-night again." The priest went home, his heart full of that peculiar joy which is the privilege of priesis alone—to be the instrument of the greatest miracle God ever works, the raising to life of a dead soul. Next morning the priest duly cautioned his housekeeper as to the expected guest, and even in the sacri?ty told the serving boy there certainly would be a Communion before Mass, even if the few women who generally presented themselves were deterred by the November fog He vested and went to the altar, but the faithful few alone were there, and not the man. " Perhaps he is late," thought the priest, " I can give it to him in the Mass." But when, after the priest's Communion, he paused, expecting the "conliteor," the boy advanced with the cmets for the first ablution—he was not there. At breakfast he enquired most anxiously whether a gentleman was not lingering iu the church. But no—no one had called, and no one was in the building. il It is the old story'" said the priest to himself, "the old story of disappointment ; but I was so sure he was in earnest." He could not rest, but set out for the no.v familiar Dash Street,and almost ran up the steps of No. 15 with the bright knocker. He had not noticed that the blinds of the house were all drawn down. The weeping maid met him at the door. " Oh, Fathershe exclaimed, " I am so glad you have conie—such an awful thing has happened. Master was found dead in his bed this morning.' * * * * Yes. it was so. The doctor, who had been hastily summoned, declared he had been dead some hours—" An aneurism, which must have taken him off quite suddenly, and probably without much pain." A few days afterwards the priest wa= walking before his coffin, while the beautiful "In Paradisum" w.is being sung. " How wonderful are God's w;iys !" he thought. " How often have 1 found that those who wilfully neglect the sacraments of the living in health are deprived of them in the hour of death. And then we are a ' spectacle to men and angels," and we are ' come to an innumerable company of angels and spiiits of the just made perfect.' No wonder thev burst in from behind the veil sometimes. The wonder is, that they do not burst in oftener.", But the brightest thought that occupied the priest's breast was the everlasting text, " Whatsoever thou shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." A. B. GURDON 