!ip in mm, — %? Mrs, Craig was one of those persons who am fain of their faults, xnd when aiiy one remarked that ' Mis' Craig was as set as Mount Pisghy,' she regarded it rather as a high classification than as a note of dissatisfaction. . She was very set 0017 in her determination never to forgive her 80B,Aadrew Jackson Craig, for his disobedience. A fiae, handsome, healtbv looking felloY? he was, and going to have her farm when she was done with it, and without fault other than the roving disposition that came to him from no one knew v?here ; for Mrs. Craig herself was as set in her immobility and love of one spot as in any other hubit, and the little farm on the edge of the Northern forest seemed to her the one delectable spot on earth. That Andrew Jackson should want to leave it, ta sea more of the world, to encounter daugers, ' and to expeiiencB adventures, was something of which she had do comprehension, and for which, whnn done coDtrarv to her orders, she had do forgiveness. Andrew Jackson, however, was her own sod, and having a desire to cee the world, then the werld he was going to see ; and he kiosed her cheek, that had once been as ruddy as a ripe pear and was now as withered as an autumn leaf, and went down on the logging-train through the woods and out into tbe world. Semetimes she wished she hud kissed him back ; but she kept herself busy, so that she might not have time to think of him and his disobedience ; and once or twice a year she had a letter from him, and although she never answered it, yet when she lockad it tiway she knew it by heart. But on« day there came a letter announcing that he had married. It was the last drop iu her bitter cup. Once she had meant that he should marry Lucinda Bell, the squirb's daughter over beyond tbe forest. The wood-lots joined ; the farms joined ; it would have made her sou the largest laud-own»r in that part of the State Wild land ; and he would have gane to meeting iu bis carriage, and presently he would have been chosen commissioner of the county, and after that he would have been sent to the Legis lature maybi — Andrew Jackson Um:g might in time hare been Goremor of the State of Maine. , And his old mother would never have disgraced him ; she would have looked on from a distance and have felt her heaitswell with joy, and beea satisfied that she had brought a man-child into the world. A.nd now he had married some un knofvn gitl down at the salt water, and there was tn end of all. He would never come back. Some day she would be found dead in her chair — if she neie ever found at all, und her boues did not stay above ground till the house crumbled dowrn about them and tbe firm re verted to the forest. And there was a- sort of fierce, silent joy even in her paia as she thought of it. ; But she tried not te think ef it, losing herself in unceasing occupation. Yet if she sat down a moment in the evening and gazed into the Bra she seemed to hear her boy's feet outside in tho crackle of every twig-, the patter of every drop ; and she wondered what he was doing ; and what sert of a woman it was tbat had takes her place— some flighty flibbertigib bet who loved ribbons, and who had danced her way into his heart with her airs and graces, as she would dance her way out of it. Of that Mrf. Craig svas quite sure. Whether or not the day would ever come when he would want to come back to his old mother, tired out by ths world he had gone to see and had found too muchforhim, andtirod, too, of a brainless piece who did not know how to do a hand's turn — of that she was not sure. As it vris, he had ruined his own life — the life of her son, Andrew Jackson Craig1— and that she coald not forgire. Hr had ruined all her hopes, too ; he had brought to dust all the fine castles whose build ing had brightened long winter days and nights in these dark and losely woods. If he had a punishment it would be deserved. Butshe was not gems to inflict it, even in her thoughts. Only when the next letter came Bhs locked it away unread. Aad she locked array every other that came, only swiftly, and in spite of herself, glancing at the post-mark, and thinking that if he went oat to see the world he was seeing a good deal of it- rrifch his letters mailed now from this distant part of it, and sow from that. 'It's je^s I said,' she would sigh. ' A rolling ntone gathers no moss.' And Bhe wooid work so fiercely tbat at night she dropped into dreamless tleep as dead as the sleep of a log in the wood. She took a strange pleasure, too, m denying herself anything which once she had liked to eat. ' It's his fault,' she would mutter over her bare bread and tea. And she uore her old drab calico without a change, and let her grey h»ir go as it would. ' He^dea'S care !' she said. When her son went away he had iaft with her old Tom and his wifawho did much of the work about the farm. It had not entered his thoughts that the woman could die, nor that on her death hia mother vrould let old Tom go, he having in his torn become restless, and that she would then lay dosra tbe farm to grass, sell the horse and the cono, keeping only the little Guern Bey, of which she took care hsrself, and con tenting herself with the Socks of chickeno which she raised, aad sold to tie ma a that came up through the country-side collecting eggs and poultry— all of which Bh&.did. selling her grass standing to Squire Bell, aad sitting down alone te hog her raisery. For very miserable she was. Sho went out sometimes in the summer after aooas, aad stood overlooking the long Green slopes in the sunshine, 'iae great empty sky bnrnins blue above her, the crickets shrilling in a universal murmur, ano\ let tho loneliness of it bite into her soul. But that was.not so bad. as in tbe early autumn .mornings when tho shadows of the forest, that on that side. came up close about it, hung over the little housevliKe a green cloud, und visible glootu seemed to fill it even while the sua sliono. And in the bleak winter days, -when the big drifts were unbroken, and no one came for months, and the snow was never brushed from the door-sill, and the cow and the hens were her only company, then her lone linesss became a dull and constant ache,, now and then increasing so sharply- as really to give her something like a pssig of jopin the thought of the wretchedness wit.h whichher ungrateful end disobedient son was a£Ucting'her. ' She took no heed of tiitne ; she bought no new almanac ; she kept no-.-anniveraariss ; she .knew no holiday season— it ^tas all worta.a-day with her. Christmas or Fourth ot July -or Thcnks giving, frhom had she to make merry with, what bad she to be thankful 8 or ? Only the^old habit of her blood always 13 arned her of Sunday in the air. It might have been/-iso different ; itrfall had bean so different when tho boy was alb home, coming in with report; of 'this and report- «f that, with this to do and tu- plaa about, andV-with that done mid tonaik enrex ; with others coining Mid going— his mEAes, .the^ininister, the deacon; Mrs. Frisbie, maybe, from a«sross lots for a day's gossip, and Myra-JanePrinae to do some tailor ing ; sometimes Squire Bell, soastimes the' blooming young;,Luciada, or acsther, for dye otuff or with a -'now quiltrngi'pattera — never, of course, to see- the bay ! But she had shutter; doorsaad answered no raps ; and w&en; Mts. Fri3bie had come tip toeing round to look, inJthe v7ii»dovrs, the doors being fa9t and her; knocking unnoticed, sho hurried into a closectand otayisd there. ' She needn't come peeping in. heie,-if I stay till 1 stifle,' she tnuttere d. ' I shall Seattle in here now if the minister comes. I'm tooout of sorts to see the angel Gabriel'; ami certainly she was in no comlitio a to scs that sreat messenger. For the ftct ras that tOrs. Cci-'Jcfrom being. ungty with her-boyafc ftwt, 'had prow* 'aiierfi with the whole univerbe. '?Itsetims '« if ihu Lord might 'a' spared me tbi.i !' she said. ' I 'ain't asked for money, nor for Bno olo'es, an' I didn't make no fuss to. speak on when he died. But I expected my boy 'd be left me. Twas me brought him into tho world ; 'twas me give him life with my own pains ; he was mine, an' I can't feel the Lord nor anybody hadn't the right to tatce him. An' he's gone, I do'ao' where ; another woman 3 tan's between him an' remembrance of his old mother, who loved him better than she did her soul !' And she lay face down ou tha floor, her grsy hair fallen and streaming about her. ' Ob, Lord, Lord, Lord 1' she cried, wrought then to the last point of norvous tension. ' Let me go to sleep and never wake hero nor hereafter !' But it was rarely that Mrs. Craig gave herself tho relief of such an outburst. Usually she went about her work with brono lowered and lip-s closed tightly, and her whole aspect as rigid as that of a wooden image. Yet, when the vernal dayn came, Mrs. Craig was apt to feel the fountains of all the bidden things stirring at the source in her, as they do in the old earth, as they do in the soul of the poet. Then she went into the woods and sat down un a mossy stump in the green shadows. All around it oeemed at first as dead and dark as tbe [spirit within her. But grown accustomed to the dimness, far down a dusky distanca she divined wings darting and birds building. ' You fools !' sfce cried. ' And they leavin' you no soon !' She heard the murmur of the brooks, the lifting and falling of great boughs, saw the dewglancing in the dark places, the air down a sunlighted apace golden and alive with pollen dust, saw the little tips of reedn and weeds thrusting through the sod, comprehended the life and movement of the old sarth. ' Oh. break me up too !' Bhe cried ' Give me some fresh life !' She did not kuow hon nearly the new Ufa waB approaching her. It was coming up the mile-long lunethrough the pine woods from the main road to the little house at the edge of the clearing. It was with a pleasant-faced young woman, who carried a large parcel and led a little child, who pulled back on Mr mother's hand and reached for the blossamiog boughs of wild apple that made a fragrant moonlight, as it were, all over the dusky woodland puth. They came up slowly to the little house and sat down on the door-stone, round which tbe bur docks had already begun to spring. Mrs. Craig suddenly came round the corner of the house and saw them. The young woman looked op tvith a snile. ' It is so pleasant here,' she said. ' Is it ?' said Mrs. Craig. *' It's bo different from the town. And the boy ha isn't as well as he'd orter be, an' I wanted to fetch him up into the woods. My husband says every breath of 'em's health. And so it is at sea ; but I can't go te sea with him, you know.' she said, in an innocent and con lid ential way. ?' You've got a husband, them ?' '* Of course I have V /0Jlk. ?' Where is ho ?' ^Jb ' Oh, he's gone now.' ' Left you ?' persisted Mrs. Cr»iy, ' Left me ? He's gone to sea. It'» his business. He's first mate now. An' I've ceme up to board in the country a spell whilst he's gone. I liked the looks of tfaii lane in under tbe trees, aa' got the man to let me donrri. I thought perhaps I'd find a farm-housa whore maybe thev^d take me in. It's just like a seBt in here. I don't suppose you care about taking boarders p' looking up rather eagerly. ' '? No,' said Mrs. Craig, ' I don't.' ' It'« tao bad,' said the jouog woman. ' I'd 'a' liked to stayed. It's more 'n lika what I al ways thought the country 'd be. I'd likefl to stop an hero 11 spell. - The air'd be good far the boy. An' fact is I'm real tired.' ' Well,' said Mrs. Craig, ?? I ain't laid yon couldn't rest ye. You can come in a»' have a bite, now ye're here.' And sha opened the door and stalked iu, and tbe young woman followed her. ' There's the rocking conk,' said Mrs. Craig. ' You set down. I'll have a cup »' tea a soob's the fire burns aa' the water biles. There's batter I made to-day, and the boy can have a tumbler of milk.' ' Let me help you,' said the yonng weman, untying her bonnet. ' No ; you're tirod. Here, sonny,' as Bhe came back with tho milk. With the last word on her lips a, colour surged all over her face ; but she held the glass to tho lips of the little fellow, who looked up at her with a great pair of soft hazel eyes whose gaze Beeme-i to pierce her; heart. ?' Oh, you take good care of him now '.' she cried. But presently he'll be up sn' quittin' ye. He'll want to see the world. Some other woman' 11 start up an' shet ye out 0' his sight.' 'Well,' said tho young woman, ' 1 shall have had him till then. An' that's pleasure for one life. I shan't grudge it.' Mrs. Craig looked at her fixedly a moment— the wide-open blue eyes, the fine locks curling round the fair face. And -then a great sigh tore, through her old breast; and she «reot into the buttery and begun stiuirg something with even more vigour thau her wont. The yuuDg woman sat down again on tbe door step and tUe child tumbled round, pulling the dandelions with .iolighled cries. Every mo ment Mrs. Craig sent a strange glance in their direction. Her eye was like a thuader-cloud full of lightnings. She had been taking what Bhe called nor bite and sup anywhere and anyhow, standing at the cupboard or sittiDg by 4he 3fcove. But now she took out a iable-clath, and furtively rubbfd up her teaspoons before she went to the door to call net unbidden guests wh&n; tho cakes were ready and the tea was drawn. She but tered the little boj 's bread herself, and spread bountiful brown sugar on the second piece ; and the first smile that had overspread her dark face for many a dreary day came when tbe boy paused after the second morsel, and, looking up at her, declared as well ai he could with his mouth full, ' Me 'ova 00,' ' Bless his dear Heart !' ohe said. And she thought if her son had married Lucinda seme thing as pleasant as this might have been a frequent thing in her life long ago— she alwayB liked Lucinda. And she gave the boy more bread and brown sugar. But while the young woman talked about the road up there, and asked about the places in tht) neighbourhood, Mrs. Crsig kept an eye on the child, and sasr at last bis little sleopy head droop forward where he sit. Sho took him then to lay him on her own bed in the nest room. Toe touch of his warm head osi her shoulder made her tremble. ' Hnre, you take him,' she said. ' I shall let him drop ! ' I ain't handled a child sonce I do'ao' when.' '? No. You keep him,' said the woman. ' You set light down where you bs, and I'll clear up. I can do it in no time. I'd real smart about the house.' And ao ahe took up the cushion and pushed the rocking-chari up ao that Mrs. Craig was obliged to sit down op fall forward, and then want tripping about fee room, with her lisht foot and her quids fingeroj wRKhintr and ninintr. and tmttins away, and' sweeping up and dusting off afterwards, ib; seemed to Mrs. Craig that ahe ma sooad asleep 03 the baby and this was all in her dream. And then the youag S7oman aati doren near her, and took her knitting out of her bagj and began talking again ; and every ocra ia a while Mrs. Craig took her aproa and wiped the dew off the little forehead, and once, before she knew it.ahe had lifted the little hand sad softly kissed it. ' Dear suz,' she said to herself, ' I do believe I'm all sorta of a fool.' The mother saw her doit.and ceme and knelt tfnwn ferfore her and kissed the bojr's ffireVfts-' Lbiiel!,!iud »oka Lim with u sit. rt. **AIy '.arci !' said Mrs. Craib', 'You don't know no mote about bringiugup bobiea than a hen ! Waking a child out'u Liu sleep. You won't never fetch him up if you do that way !' ' I couldn't help it,' said the mother. ' I havu to love him for himself and his father too Yuu don't know what it is to have tbe one you lovu beat in all the world eut you don't ku:-w where ? ' ' Don't I ?' said Mrs. Craig. ' When the wind blows and you hear the storm down the harbour, and the roar of tfco waves and that awful whistling buoy, it makes your heart just stand still thinking of what may happen. And when the sun shines and tbe mtters dance, you don't dare to ba happy for fear he may have been lying at the bottom of the sea for you don't Know huw long. Perhaps you're laughing, and it comes over you with a shiver tbat you'd better be crying. I couldn't stand it '. An' I told Jack 1 was comin' up into the country, where I shouldn't know there was such a thing as tbe sea till ho camo home. He's gone a long voyage and wou't be back, he said, till the ssow flies. It says in RevehtioDS, you know,' she said, still kneeling and looking up into Mrs. Craig's face with her innocent oyts, '? tbat Heaven's a placu whero there shell be no more sea, an' I guess that's so. Well,' risinc and goinjt to find her hat, ' I'd orter be off. I've got quite a piectj to walk if I'm going tp the place you spoke uf. They'll be willing to take me there, you thiak ? W*U, I don't be lieve I shall feel to like any place as much ks I do here. I like it leal well. I viisht,' she said, .lingering atill in tying her strings, tbe great appealing uyes like blue flowers full of dew resting on her wistfully, ' thtt it had '»' ben so you'd felt able — I'd 'a' helped about the work--' ' It ain't any matter about that.' said Mrs. Craig, shortly. ' But you can't go to- day, anyway, fo' there's it shower comin' up, Bn' you'd git wet to the skin afore you got half across lots. You'll hev to stay to-night, and — aud — tc- moriotr — ' ' To-morrow can take care of itself,' cried tie young woman, joyously. ' I'm goin' to show you jet*' haw spry I can be about the house. My Buoib's Letty — you must call me Letty. I'll be real good eump»ny fo» you.' And thnnnbe want with Mrs. Craig to get; out the sheets and air tbe bUuktts and mako ready the little room on tbe other sido of ths kitchen. 'It's a sbame to take all Ibis trouble foi one night,' she said. *♦ I'd pay you a firai; rate . board.' ' I guess I've got mo«ey eaoaga,' grewlad Mrs. Craig. It seemed to Mrs. Cr*ig the next moraine ; when she heard tbe boy's sweet, chirping begin almost with tbe birds, Ibat there really was something worth getting up'aiut building the fire for. ?* Now,' she said, aftrr breakfast, ' if you're so bound to stay, we must eea about gittin' up your trunk. I rei-ly do' no' but it ain't a Cbristvn duty to hev ye, for you do' ua' no more about how to bring up that baby than if you was a babv yaurstlf, an' I feel's if I'd orter show ye — ' And Letty ran and threw her arms about the -lder woman's seek. ' 1 do' no' anjthin' she' :ried, 'exceptin' how to love them I lovcBut' lack always says, every time, he comes home' Turn sea, that I know how to mike four nalis ileaaaut ! He says I make it so ple*asant ;hat some day he'll buy a farm an' stay at hiime' ill the time. Oh, wouldn't it be fine if we ihould have one up here I' Aad Letty lost no time in demons! rat ing thin ;hat 8le koew how to make home a pleasant Dlace wherever it was. If her heart aank as ihs looked about her in tbe dim little h'oust-, the did not let it be sucn— the walls ceiled in irosd that had grown brown with age, and sued I bro'wn glow everywhere that sometimes the sunshine came in and gilded and sometimes tee ;reen shadows of the close trees darkened. '?They'll he real splendid when the firelight falls 3n 'em in the nights,' sbe said. But the patch work quills that swayed from the rafters to jeep out draughts, ' They, sniug «o they're (rorse 'n ghost*,' she said to herself again. She iuew nothiag of thn leathers and tapestries nung against the swet-jjiBg i-irs of medisval chambers; but presently even the pstph-ivork began to weave a charm. ?? If they was crazy guilts I'd like 'cm better,'-' she murmured. 'But I guess I can stan' 'em. I daresay nub's jewed her heart into them.' And the svrcpt md scoured and buruishod end brightened, and dad the doors open and the windows up, and jreat boughs of blooming ivild apple uuDg upon She walls, and bunches of saxifrage and violets in the broken half-bottles on the shelf ; and she sad brought Uower seeds with her, and she spaded up a bed for jweot-peaso and poppies md petunias a. id alyssum, and sbe was so busy and bustling, with the boy busy and bustling »fter her, that she stemed to fill the dark old place with an overflow of vitality aad joy. A.ud when S*turday night camo the big tub was jrougut out and filled, and the boy was doused in it, Mrs. Craig feeling she had a whole I ubful jf Cupids in one ; and on Sunday morning be ivas dressed in his white frock and red ribbons, ind his hair was curled and tied with a ribbon iown one side, aud Mrs,Craig felt as if she were iviDg her life over agara. ' I do love ribbons md pretty things,' said Letty. ' Ain't he a iear ? Ob, ain't ha a beauty ?' ' Ain't you a simpleton ?' said Mts. Craig, surprising herself with her laugh. '?You're goin', too, mother ?' said Letty. II I doW at I'll fini the way across Iocs with aut you. I wisht you'd let me call you mother ; [ never had a mother, l'ain got nobody in tao ivorld to l»ve exesptiu' Jack and the baby, an' —an' jou, if you'll let me.' ' No, I 'aia't ben, so long, the felks— an' I iin't got nothia' to wear. My buunit— ' ' I can fit it id five minutes,' said Letty. ?' I'm a real hand ! I don't care if it is Sun 3ay ? the bettor the day the better tho deed.' ' I sorter make sure that baby can't walk all the way acrost the fiolds,' said Mrs. Craig, meditatively. *'An' you caa't carry him, eyther I do'no' but I'd orter go an' help ye out' And there was a quarter of an hour of silence, because Letty's mooth was fall of pins ; and the people in the little meeting-house knee too much to turn their hoads whert Mrs. Craig enma ia. There pere mouy misgivings io Mrs. Craig^ mind as to whether or not Providence, with which she had bsen so angry, were not getting the better ef her after oil fa these sonny days. Sheconld not for the life of her feel quite so in jured aa she had felt. She found herself smiling repeatedly wish a kind of grim pleasure. This yeHow - hatred sprits of a girl was before her in all the.S heavy tasks ; it was she that brought in the vvood ; h was she that drew tho water. ' The idea,' she exclaimed, 'of your fetching in that bucket o' water with mo he*a !'' There was no more rising in long solitary mornings with the very biid-aons bitter in her ears. Hero was a little singing voica in .the-'houaa, glad calls, pattering footfalls, kisses, and embracing little arms. 'Ths*asA) sfiia' drgs' eaS-Mra. Craig, ' but that-btsy 'mi** bcwiHatEnite,'' snd another fann calonred, deer-headed eseatuse vwa biooght Obb day tha boy caa- ilL and Mrs. Craig'a -.jiulna nas ao levarish aa bis. One day hs vras found balancing himselS on. the well-curb and looking at thfl sparkling little boy down the dark hollow of the well ; and Letty, adminis tering punishment oa thsusnat, was stayed by Mrs. Craig'Dhand. ' I guess I can spank my orai boy !' cried Letty. ' I guess if that's the way you're goin' to carry on hell run av7ay an' leave ye as soon as . bo's in trousers,' said Mis. Craig. ! HoituTrnn sway rexl d\\-y, the lo»g miU v down llitj (vood path to tbe mniii roi-d. Letty ran after him liko a bare, '? There's bears: 'in' ''.:,'?' tl'.em woods !' serenrned Mrs. Craig. ?? You can hear them hooii g all tho summer niehts.' And she flew after hir. ' You're going to give him a real good s*itc).irig nuw for running away ?' she said, with thn old faBt-and.loose hand, as Letty came back with him. '1 whipped m- boy.' ' Did it ke-p him to home ?' aaked Letty. ' Me want to see !' crud the boy. ' He's jeu' his fatbtr all ovar,' said Letty. He wants to nee. Nnu^l ty boy— make granny, cry! Kiss grann.v.' And they went back,: holding the boy between them, with a dear un around the neck of both. So the summer wi-ro away, Letty gathered.! the wild berries aud mode preserves and jsmSi of which Mn». Craig had forgotten tht thought; she hung the liltly ,-ilver onions in festoons over the fireplace, find p^red and BtruBg the apples to dry, and pickled t-very conceivable thing, and brought in lo-.g barberry stems and hung thum with the bursting nhite- feathered milk-, weed puds about tho dusky walls. ' I decUre,'' said ftlts. Craig, as the dark be-, gau to come down early, ' I do'oo' whjit I soing to do without ye. It's mude another place of it, it's mnde another woman of uin, having you two. here. It's broke up tbe uani pieces an' started tha BpriugH. For all that, it won't be ao thsnka givia' for mo nith you gone.' ' Well, 1 shan't go till I bava to. He'U write from the last porl her leave?, an' the letter 11 Bet here fusl an' '11 tell me what time ba'll fetch it. . An' then I'll tc el as it I must fly !' ' You don' hold no ill will absui his goin' off an' leavin' you sech times alone ?' '? 111 will ? Well, I guess not ! SVhy, I love him, an' it's his nature All the same, hb'U (it tired of it aouio day an' Rome up here — ' ' No,' said Mrs. Craig. ' This is my »on'».' ' Well,' said Letty, looking at ber a moment with dancing ryts, 'theea-.th'tt round, and thercs's plenty of it.' Aud now Letly was haunting the post-edice, and coming iu witki her fact like a. rose aad the. lioty ltcki bloirifg out about it. 'It flurries me so,' she would say, '? I eua't hardly asts when I get there.'' And Mrs. Craig htrstilf took the long walk acro.'-s lha Lard stubbla of ths frosty field'n mote thati i-iicb f*r her. It was the -i»y before TbunksgiviDg at 'lsstj and no word hud come lor Letty. ? ?? I'd otier. fen! sorry tor you. I be,' siioV Mrs Oraig. 'But be's all right, you know.i ^ He's a man. An' sorceuutr 1 can't bear to havef ' Te go before rhanksgivin'.' . ' '' There T*-a's b* no Thanksgiviu' in it if I, don't hear from Jack !' cried Letty. j ' I 'ain't known what Thauksgivia' is tbisi many's the limit now.' ' ' Well, we'll piay at it.' said Letty. And the mince pies were baked, and ths pumpkin, and the tuikey ti» stuffed ; and; there wzs nothing more to do but ta sit arid' ' 1 sten to tht! wiud that bowled round tbe eaves.' : hkr. an angry spirit, »nd rumbled in . the. cla'mntT jnd sbuoktLe trees and hissed through the showers of falling .suoir. '? Uti, it makes me creep!' cried Letty, as,' they sat before tbp fire toasting the buj's feet.; '* I can't get me ihcugbts offn the ;ea. I k-ep stt-iug the decks slanting, and the sailoraV drowuiag, and broken masts tossing up ah down, an' ships keel in' ovtr ? -' ' ? Tuin:t much lika Thanksgi vin', ' laid Mrs. Craig, gloomily. ' There tin't ne sense ia bein' a pallor's wife.' I ' Ob, Iwi-h'tT'kne'W where Jack was !' criad 'Letty. .' , ^Theliltie^boy tinned and climbed, in her lap to lay bis chetk on'her's, with the nish to cam- ' j fort her for be kiaw not what; ; ' Oh, my' gracious !' cried Letty, starting ta her feat. ' What's that ?' And then tbe door was flung open and shut again! and he stood there shaking off the snow that cevbied ' liim, 'dark1 snd ruddy end hand*' tome, with sparkling hazt 1 eyes aad glittering teeth. ?'Jack IJack!' cried Lelty, tossing oS that' boy and tuhuing to him. ' Andrew Jackson Craig !' cried his mother, catching the buy. who buried bis head in h«! seek, aud lookuii out so J and curious, and them struggled free and ran to bis father too. And ia another moment ' Mrs. Craig herself mi' wrapped in that great wet embrace, and felt thu culd, fresh face oa hers, and she could nod tell if it were tears or melting snow or salt sea' spray upou her lips. ?Alt worked well; didn't it, mother r** be. said. ?' Oh !' she ciied— ' oh ! 1 knew it all th«| time. I knew it the moment t see them eyes' sf Jit lie JackV, oi-]y my heart was so numb it wouldn't let me sense it. Aint much lika Thanksgivia' was we oayin' daughter ? Oh, it is Thanktigivin' ! This time last year I hadn't; nobody. An' nun1 I've a son an' a, daughter »n' a grau'baby. Come, Letty, stir roue' aa' git him sutbiu' to eat quick, an' irn'll tet roun' an' hear all absut where he was last voyage and where he's goin' to be bis next' ' Them iin't coin' to be no next v'yage, mother,' he said, stietcbing out bis other arm to t*ku Letty in again. *' I've seen ths round earth, andTlll I want of it is hero. I've cart anchor now. I sba'n't leave the farm no mare; mother.' ' Gxceptin' to go to tbe Legislature some day,' said Mrs. Ciitig. 