Terrible Burning Accident. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jurvis had tho misfortune to slip nnd fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffer ing terribly from locumotor ataxia and other forma of paralysis. A few months ago, how ever, reports began to be circulated in tlie neigh borhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, nnd that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was dis covered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that ho was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said : ' You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken is l was. ' How long were you suffering ?' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so had that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, und after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms ?' 'Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering nnd shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last, I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless4 However, he gave me an order to the director of Charitable Institutions.' 'Did you make use of the order V ' No ; I came homo and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up tho ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterized by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my leg?. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement descrihing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with ine. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible.^I immediately left the bed and was ablo to move about. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them.' ' He is 100 per cent, hotter,' said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. 'The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him.' A Wend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. 'I can now,' continued Jarvis, ' have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They havo saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer neec them. Everhody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is this remarkable history, and it con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astounding cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. They cure loccimotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anremia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of tho Labor party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the re markable case of Thomas Jarvip. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that ho had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed- ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He under stood Jnrvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, aa his casts had been pronounced in curable. Mr. M'Gowon was, thoroforo, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the completo recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 15s 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. ' The Health and Vigour of an individual depond upon tho quantity and quality of the Blood. When the tissues have been at work, thero are thrown into tho blood waste products, and if these be not eliminated but (through any cause) dotaincd in the blood they influence nutrition and function and finally produce organic disease.' — The Humanitarian. In cases of Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, the effects of Clarke's Blood Mixture are marvellous. Thousands of wondorful cures have been effected hy it. Clarke's Blood Mixturo is sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Bewaro of worthless imitations. First Pedestrionne ' I see you haven't puggy with you this morning.' Second Pedestrionne : ' No ; tho damp weather is apt to take tho curl out of his tail.' 