Heart and Sword. By JOHN STRANGE WINTER, Ant! or or "Boollc's Bab-," "Beautiful Jim,' " A Mafiuifieent Youns Man," "A Born Soldier," "The Colonel's Daughter," "The Soul of the Bishop," "The Other Man's Wife," " Bcgimental Legends," "Cavalry Life," "Strange Story of my Life," > ' «< lie Went for a Soldier," " Mignon's Husband," etc., etc. CHAPTER IX.— (Continued.) ' She turned a pair of eloquent eyes up on him, shining with purpose. "Mr Langton," she said, "I may not succeed— why, because I may fail; ;but if I fail, I promise you it will not be through my conceit or through) my ob stinacy. Whatever you tell me to do, I will do." He brought his hand down on her shoulder with a reassuring thump. "You'll <ic; you've the right stuff in youi" he said. "I know the real thing when I see it! I didn't go half-a-dozen times to the Coliseum to watch you for. nothing!" "What did I tell you — what did I tell you?" chuckled the playwright to the .wife of his bosom as the curtain went down upon the second act. " Didn't J say she was made for the part? Isn't she perfect? Listen to those people! Ay, my friends,- shout — shout on— the harder the better! The British public may be dense, and the British critic may be a fool — most people seem to think he is— but one thing is very cer tain, that when the British public and the British critic get hold of a good thing they generally know it, and do honor to it. That's right, my friends, have her hack again— up with the curtain — I thought she'd do it!" And then Walter Langton, all anxiety at an end, left his box and his wife, and went below to mingle freely with the crowd of friends in the foyer, and to receive the congratulations of the, multi tude, not only upon his new play, but upon his new find. From that moment Miss Mallinder's success as an actress was assured. Her name was in everybody's mouth, not as a great artiste, but as a fresh, simple, delightful child-woman. Wicked old sinners, who had long ago forgotten the virtues of the mothers who bore them, extolled her charms in language which had for years been a stranger to their tongues. "By Jove, sir, the young ladies of the present day can take a lesson from that charming little creature! If there were more like her there would be fewer cases in the Divorce Court, fewer scandals in the clubs. By Jove, sir, she's a walk ing sermon on femininity, and I don't know when I have seen such modesty, such innocent coquetry, such pretty sim ple affectionate ways, such charm of breeding and carriage, such a perfect specimen- of an Englishwoman." In truth it was as well that the girl could not hear all the praise which was lavished upon her. Had she done so, she might have failed to recognise wil ful Kit Mallinder who had pouted for want of a clean white frock, and deli berately flouted her future mother-in- law. There was a big party on the stage that night to which Kit was bidden, but 6he excused herself with firmness from heing present. "No, Mr Langton," she said, when he came to her dressing-room and insisted that she, should withdraw her refusal . to the manager. "No, Mr Langton, I am sorry, I must go home — I must go straight home. I faithfully promised Mr Lavender that I would not go gadd ing about, making a fool of myself so cially. I was very small potatoes yes terday, and I may be very small pota toes to-morrow, and I want to keep my wits about me, and not have my head turned by a lot of silly compliments not worth the breath they're spoken with!" "But I won't excuse you," said Walter Langton, in his most masterful tones. "I particulraly want to introduce you to my wife for one thing. She is dying to make your acquaintance." "Mrs Langton is dying to do nothing of the kind, and if Mrs Langton is dying to make my acquaintance she can ask me to come and have tea with her any afternoon that there isn't a matinee, and I shall be charmed to accept the invita- i tion. I am riot going on the" stage to night, Mr Lang-ton, and so it isn't of the least use your asking me." "Y— a're a very obstinate little miss," said he. "Yes, I know that. But I promised Vou that my obstinacy should not stand 1 -in your light, and I have not let it do so. It won't stand in your light that I've gone home to my bed like a good girl. On the contrary, they will . say, "How sweet, how good, how simple, how domesticated of the little girl to go home to bed like a good little child that has said its lesson! It will make a far bet ter impression than if I went on to the stage now, strutting about like a pea cock, and drinking in all the praise I could get." Walter Langton stood and looked at her flXTpy. "Little woman " he said. "Sir!" she made reply, "I thought down to this moment that you were a. simple, guileless, unaffected little girFfrom the Provinces— what you professed to be. It seems to me tlia.t you have got as long a head upon those slight young shoulders of yours as ever Philip Lavender has upon his!" The ghost of a smile flitted over the girl's face. "And if I have, Mr Langton," she said, "that will be alJ the better, both for you and for me." He burst out laughing, patted her on the shoulder again, and betook himself away. "The heroine of the hour?" he re plied, in answer to a question put to him as soon as he showed his face among the goodly crowd on the stage. "Gone home to bed. Refuses to come in— absolutely, flatly, determinedly. Would not even come to be introduced to my wife." « "What!" cried half-a-dozen incredul ous voices. "No; says that if my wife will ask her to tea by herself she will be charmed to go, but that she is an actress, and is not going to fritter herself away on so ciety. And so, my dears, if you want to see the lady, you must come and pay ten and sixpence to do it!" "Tell me, Mr Langton, is she as charming off as on? Is she — I mean, would you call her a lad.y — a well-bred woman ?" Mr Langton looked at his questioner intently, rubbed the palms of his hands slowly together, and said; "Yes, I phculd call her something more than a lady — she's a good 'un. "Well bred, refined, cultivated, a lady in the best sense of the word to the very tips of her fingers." CHAPTER X.— SUCCESS. The following morning Kit Mallinder was surprised by a visit from Philip Lavender. She had breakfasted in bed and hai afterwards risen at her leisure, art! vas expecting Gregory Alison every moment. "When Harriet, the house maid, came up to her bedroom door and told her that there was a gentleman in the crawing- room to see her, she an swered, carelessly enough; "All right, Harriet, I will be down in half a minute." "It isn't the young gentleman, miss," said Harriet, who was a friendly and communicative young woman, deeply interested in the love affairs of every body with whom she came in contact. "Oh! Who is it, then?" "Well, here's 'is card, miss." Kit crossed the room and took the bit of pasteboard out of the girl's work- worn fingers. "Mr Philip Lavender, ' she read. "Oh, thank you, Harriet." She found Philip Lavender alone in the handsome but dreary drawing- room. He was standing near one of the long windows holding his hat in - his hand. :As he heard the sound of the' door closing he turned and came to meet her. "My dear child," he said, "I congratu late you many times. Your success is perfectly assured. Have you seen the papers?" "No, not yet, Mr Lavender, not yet. "Not seen the papers! Hadn't you the curiosity, as soon as your eyes were open this morning, to send out and .buy the papers?" . "No," she said, shaking her head in a way which loft no doubt as to her truthfulness. "I have neither asked for nor seen a paper yet." "But did you not want' to know what the world was saying of you?" She looked at him a little roguishly. "Why, yes, Mr Lavender," she re plied; "I wanted to know badly enough, but I was afraid they might say dis agreeable things. I thought that if there was good news somebody would bring it, and if there was bad news the longer I could put off knowing it the better." "My dear child," he said, "there can be no bad news after such a success as you had last night. Do you know that I had a message brought down to me after the first act to tell me that the public had taken to you?" "Not really? I did not know it — I mean, that the public had not found fault with me--I mustn't tell stories — but I really did not know for certain that I was a success until the very end, and even now I don't fec-i very sure about it." He put his hat down upon the table, and opened a bundle of newspapers wljioU lie Was holding in his hand. "Sit down here," lie said, drawing lier to the sofa set endways to the win dow by which they were standing, "and x-ead these. It will probably take your breath away, and you must discount a little of it. By the bye, why did you not show last niglit? I came to the party on purpose to congratulate you." "You did!" "Of course, I did. And they told me that ycu had gone home to bed — that nolhing'would induce you to remain. And I " "Yes," said Kit; "and " He took hold of her hand. "My dear little girl," he said, "I was disappointed not to see you, but I ad mire you more than any words can ex press that you had the common sense to take your triumph so well and to go away and leave people a little curious about you." She flushed up scarlet under his grave, critical eyes. "Well," she said, VI don't know that it was altogether commdn sense, Mr La vender. To tell you the truth, I was dying to go to the party." "And why did you not?" "Because when I first came into your company you told me that I could not serve two master's, that it would be bad for me to be seen here, there, and every- whei'e; and I made it my rule then that I would not go into society, and I have kept to it. And, besides that, my— my young man."— with a charming smile breaking over her face — "came up from Aider-shot to see the play, and he had not been asked to the party." "So you went off to supper with him?" "No; I came straight home. The lady of this house gave us some supper, but it was a very mild dissipation, I assure you." Philip Lavender seemed for a moment like one brought to a sudden standstill; then his stern face broke into a smile, and he patted her hand. "You are a very good child; you de serve every ounce of your success," he said, in his kindest voice, "and some day you will be very thankfultliat I gave you that particular bit of aSvice, see if you arc not. Of course the gallant fiance was extremely pleased and pi-oud of you, and loved you all the better that you did not care to go and drink your fill of intoxicating flattery at the hands of strangers, leaving him out in the cold. I will leave you these papers. You have only to go on as you have begun, to be, in a year or two. at the very top of the tree. You are exceptionally gifted, you have sense aiid good breeding, and, best of all, you arc honest; and I am very proud that you iriad.e-the first steps of your dramatic career under my wing. But, remember," taking- both her hands, and looking down uxxon her searchingly, "remember that I have only lent you to Walter Langton. You are still mine; you still belong to me; and I have al ways the first claim upon you." She ran to the window to watch him go down the steps and get into the cab which was" awaiting him. Perhaps it was only natural that her heart should be beating high and all her pulses stir ring briskly. To have So great a man come personally to congratulate her on her success was a tremendous thing for one so young in the px-ofession, and Kit had never under-valued Philip Laven- dei-'s kindness and friendship ; indeed, up 'to that moment, she had never dared to think of him as a friend, oh, no. As one of the girls at the Coliseum had said one night to another when Philip Lavender had passed Kit on the wings 'with a pleasant word of greeting: "It's quite pathetic to see little Mallin der when Mr. Lavender speaks to her." , "Gone?" asked the other. "Not a bit, she wouldn't presume so far. Her adoration for him is a fetish. If he told her to jump out of a window she would probably go and do it with out a moment's hesitation, like the Ro man soldier that— you know the story." "I don't," said the other girl, her eyes wanderingover the bit of stage that they could see from their place of vantage. "What was it?" The fii'st speaker turned and looked at her with intense amazement in her eyes. "You don't know that story?." she said, "and yet you are a. member of Philip Lavender's Company! Well the whole world is funny, but that part of it that calls itself dramatic is funnier than all the rest put together!" "Wbat was the stoi-y?" asked the oth er- curiously. "Oh, the story of a visitor to a great General in Rome— old Rome, you know — speaking of devotion and discipline, when the Emperor, or the General, or both, in order to show his idea of disci pline, called a soldier to the ramparts, where they were talking. 'Jump down there!' he said. Whereupon the man saluted, and instantly sprang ixito some hundreds of feet of space. "Was he killed?" asked the other. "Killed? My history didn't tell me whether he was killed, but I should think after jumping down some hundi-eds of feet he probably would be. Anyhow, he'd have died by this time, so it's all the same." "I don't see," said the girl, who now heard the history for the first time, "I don't see what that has got to do with Mr Lavender and little Mallinder." "Don't you? Then it's no use in my explaining it, my dear! There's your cue." But she was right for all that. Her little story, ill-told and halting as it had been, had fallen upon stony ground, but the girl's conception of Philip Laven der's character had been quite true, for it was his cui'ious influence which made the prestige of the Coliseum what it was; that curious attraction of Laven der himself which made the members of his company do what he wished, not because they always understood his rea son for wishing it, but simply because his will was stronger than theirs. As she stood there watching the han som drive away, another cab drove up. and Gi-egory Alison jumped lightly out upon the pavement. He was with her a couple of minutes later. "Well, dearest," lie said, " I have brought you all the papers, but of course you have seen them." . "No, I have not seen a single paper, Gi-eg." "Not seen a paper? Why, my dear child, you've got half-a-dozen there!" "Yes; but I've not looked at them." "What a queer child you are! .Why not?" "Because I never thought of sending out for any: and if I had done, I should have been too frightened to look at them. But Mr Lavender came to con- gx-atulate me, and he brought them." "Lavender!" Gregory spoke in a dif ferent tone. "Yes. Wasn't it kind of him, Greg ? He went to the party last night expect ing to find me there; I think he was pleased that I had been strong-minded enough not to go. He asked if you were pleased at my success." "He asked if I was! Ah! So he came to see you and to congratulate you. Ah, that was very decent of him." "If you had done something to win public favor," said Kit, "and if you cast all your strength upon one die, and your Colonel went twice, .a special journey, for the purpose of congratulating you," would you call it very decent of him?" He laughed a little. "Well, dear, that was a mere 'facon de parler. It was awfully good of Mr Lavender to come and tell you that he. was pleased at your success. Of coui'se, he was pleased; he started you; he was intei'ested in you; you are still one of his company. I didn't mean anything nas ty. Why should I ? Now, let us look at .those reviews together. I've got every I one that I could lay hands upon. By Jove, Kit, but this will make the people at home sit up!" It was true enough. It did make the people at home sit up, especially Mrs Al ison, that dignified lady who had ac cused her son's sweetheart of wishing to disgrace her. Fi-om the moment that "Buttercups and Daisies" first bloomed, its way into public favor, Mi's Alispn graciously overlooked everything yflxat had gone past. While Gregory was still going through the papers With Kit a telegram caine couched in these words: — "Fondest congratulations from all at the Rectory." . She handed it to him with a little (j mournful sigh. A : "Ah, my dear," he said, "it's a sign oc : the times. Success does such wonders js for us. It was only a few weeks ago— ji well, a few months — that my mother j; talked about you disgracing us, and now; . all eyes turn to the rising sun. I SP" pose it is natural/' ' .<V It might be natural, but Kit suddenly . broke down into passionate weeping. It . ; f \ was in vain that Gregory upbraided j f himself and his family alike, it was in j vain that he called her every endearing name and Heaven to witness that he ; had believed in her from the first. The ; | gii'l was excited and overwrought, she v had borne the burden of a heavy strain | right gallantly, but the deadly anxiety, j | had told upon her, and her natural ex- -j j citement would have its way. >. f Gregory's great anxiety was lest she jjg should refuse to be in any way l-econciled ;j 1 to his mother. . ijl "You know, dearest," he said, when he |y had soothed her into calmness again-, -ijj "people will have prejudices as long as the world lasts, and now that the moth- ,1 . er has come roumf, you won't stand oft, will you?'» . ' ¥fe heed not have had any fear. J Kit ,!; was only too anxious to have no break : of any kind with his people. She never jj forgot for one moment that he had im- . j j plicitly ti'Usted her in what might have ,1 seemed to some people a wild-goose - ti chase. She did not forget that Mrs Alison had, in more senses than one | ; right on her side. So, when the family, . j from the Rectory came to town sped- ; ! ally t6 see the new play, "Buttercups t; and Daisies," Kit went to see them at ; j once, looking more charming than ever ; in her black garments, for she was still , ! wearing mourning for the aunt, who haft - J been everything to her. ; j "Why, Kit," exclaimed Mrs Alison, t ; surprised out of herself, "how little 1 j changed you are!" "Changed!" said Kit. "But what did < you expect me to be? Dressed In t. spangles, Mrs Alison, with my face an i. inch thick in paint and my hair dyed j golden?" ! "I don't know what I expec- j'i ted," said Mrs Alison, . swallow- j: ing her pride and making the best of And then she kissed Kit and the two ; girls seized upon hei\ and the dear old - . i Archdeacon explained that for his part there was nothing he loved better than a -i. good wholesome theatre. _ j "Something with a good deal of laugh- : ter and a few tears in it," he said, in his 1 bland and urbane voice, "something to j; show one the good side of human na- ; ture, with, perhaps, just a little lesson r. j against wickedness— but not too pro- J? nounced, my dear, not too pronounced." "Ah, wait till you see 'Buttercups and ; Daisies,' Mr Archdeacon," said Kit, j: merrily. j "I have l'ead the reviews of it. I j am looking forward to to- night with the i very greatest pleasux-e!" i How she played for them! Never had the piece gone so merrily or the tears fallen so freely, and Mrs Alison owned i. herself conquered. i There was no longer, therefore, any j question in the Alison family as to the I wisdom of Kit continuing in the profes- | sion into which she had entered in defi ance of Mrs Alison's plainly expressed j opinions. "Of coui-se," Mrs Alison remarked to i one or two of her most important neigh- bors, after her return to Little Grace- i thorpe Rectoi-y, "if the child had been . j an hfeiress, it would not have entered f into her mind to do anything of this kind;- ; j she could have shone in amateur thea- r : tricals, and she would have "contented j herself with that. - But, -under the clr- cumstanees,- being practically unpro- F- vided for, and Gregory being one of a rj; really large family— only a poor pax-son's | son — it would have been a sin to hide ?j. such a talent under a bushel. And yj tliei-e is nothing in the least ' forward about the child— oh, not in j the least. She is not at all altered, and she lives in the most private and || retired way possible with a worthy person, who was well-known to J pool-, dear Miss Whitaker. Poor old. lady; it makes me quite ckd to think - that she never saw her child's success, .gp she would have rejoiced in it so Jp thoroughly. I really don't like to think . j that sh-e passed away without knowing any mlng about it." fr| Sit must have been a great thingYor—; vi 'iier to know that the- little girl was " J safe under your protection," said tho >| gx-eat lady to whom .she was speaking. "Of course, it is always a risk when a girl goes on the stage, because the. stage is an excuse for a good deal which' Jji is not legitimate drama, though I be-jaB lieve, at least I am told — my sons andfgjg my daughters teli me — far leas so thaaliH 13 be the ca£e. lam sure, II 'one jo a fashionable dinner party, lays in Ijondon, it Is quite a dull' \- if there is not some prominent or actress at it, and the gulf is |e between fehch people as Qjose te poor creatures that one hears urged in the police courts with drunk in the streets, as it Is be- the merchant princes of London erpool and the good old soul Who the little general shop in my vil- Indeed, dear Mrs Alison, you are congratulated on having let her her own inclinations, instead of ting thera, as some in your posi- lighf have done." to all such remarks Mrs Alison ront to lend a willing ear, smother- ith a resolute hand any little is of conscience with which she be troubled, ime sped gaily on. When we are ccupied and successful, time never heavily upon our hands, and to aiiinder the weeks seemed to fly. ercups and Daisies" still held the s. More than once the ladles had jw dresses, and more or less hand- souvenirs had been presented to ices on hundredth and two liun- 1 and other big nights. There d 110 iikelihood of the piece waning uiarity. Twice Harry Blake him- id been out of the caste' for a few owing to throat trouble, but Kit ever once given her understudy a e of talcing her place; and, as she ued in brilliant health and spirits, :emed but to act better with each mance, nobody could pretend that ofession was bad for her, or she ! way unfitted for it. with each week that went by nearer and nearer the time that ry Alison must bid farewell' to the if his birth, and go and seek a fe in the burning East. - (To be continued.) 