THE COLONEL'S DREAM. (A XBUB EPISODE.) t THE TWENTY-THIRD OF DECEM- BER, 184). BY PERCY CKOSB STANDING. It). It noon of an Afghan winter'* day. The hills surrounding tbo city of Khoord- Knbul aro white with snovi-, and in their dazzling whiteness, as the sun succeeds in breaking through, they present & very bountiful appearance. The dark waters of the Kufcul River Quw in proximity, impart, ing a l^oh of gloom to the wliolo landscape. On a gentle Blope close to the oity ure gathered a knot of officers wearing the uniform of the Queen—save one man, who, conspicuous by reason of his civilian attire, Ints all the appo irance of a diplomat. lie is, in fact, none other tlinn Sir William Macnaghton, Plenipotentiary from the Court of Great Britain to the Ameer of Afghanistan. A little opart,, in charge of a syoc, stands a magnificent Arab charger, which, from it* rich trapping* und genorelly #1 glossy" ppi.eHru.ncc, one would think is going to chuitgu owuord. Such, indeed, ts the case. Tho parson for whom this steed is intended is striding ACROSS the FIIUW, attended by several Afghan ofliclHls, towards the little knot of Europeans. lie is a tall, commanding figure, richly dressed and, after the fashion of liis countrymen, having an infinity of formidable- looking dnggors stuck in his girdle. Tliero is withal a curtain ring of insincerity about the tore* uf this mnn's voice when ho adiire-sen you,and a certain something that makes his face appear more than Fillister wlieu lie Minlus, 1 hat ' fail to impress one very favourably. Such M Hip Ilighnoss Ackbur Klian, son of the Dost Mahomed Klmn, sometime Ameer of Afghanistan* He greets Sir W illiam cordially though certainly not deferentially, and exprc^es himnelf highly delighted witli tho horse. HI well aa with a pair of very handsome pietol which Sir Williom presents to hiin—yet there is a covert insolence in the expibssi.on of hi* thanks, as much as to *»y, know you are in my power ; 1 know you are giving mo presents because you would make good terms with me." And now they jiroceod to *' palaver." But tiie £nglifh< men, notioing that a number of villainous looking Afghans are drawing near, reminds Ackbar that the conference is or should be privato, when he repiles in the following extraordinary terrus: " Their presence can do no barm, as they are all in the secret." The nature of that secret doe* not remain long in doubt. At a given signal the British' officers are seized suddenly from behind, each tied on a horse beliin an Afghan trooper.and borne away over the enow I At first tliey are all too much as tonished by this gross treachery to speak a "word—and, indeed, speaking a word would rerve no useful purpose—and afterwards they are going a£ too great a rate to make conversation iiossible. Two of them are carried hastily to a fort near by, another (Lieutenant Trevor), who loBes bis seat and falls to the ground, is despatched by the ii.^rdwous Ghasis thronging round. The officers' cowardly escort have fled. Sir William Maonagbten has been grasped by the perfidious Ackbar, and a desperate though unequal struggle was now waged between the two men on the ground. It is unqertaio to this hour whether Aokbar in funded to kill Sir William, though eubee quent events would tend to show that the crime was premeditated. Be tbat as it tray, wo will assume that in the fury of the niimont Aokbar did list realise what he was doing. Drawing a pistol—irony of fato I it was one of the beautiful little -wea|tciis with which the envoy had just presented him—the miforeant shot) Sir William dead. Those who saw the deed done never to their dying day forgot the look of wondering horror that distorted tbe Englishman's faoe as be was struck down. The only words he was heard to utter were, • Az barae Khoda' (For God's sake I). Sir IV. Macnaghten has been blamed for reposing any confidence in snch a man as Aokbar Khan. But Sir William was nothing If not an English gentleman -, it was part of bis nature to trust people implicitly, and he paid the penalty. His lifeless body was mutilated by Ackbar's barbarous followors, the head being token into the city, and with a barbarous refinement of cruelty, shown to Oaptain Conolly, an English prisoner. And so tbe fatal SSrd of December, 1811, passed into history. IL-AT JELALABAD! THE COLONEL'S STORY. The soeoe la changed. We are still in Afghanistan, and it la the evening of a festival known to the English-speaking rmoe as Dozing Say—as la evidenced by the attempts at deooration,andby the little crowd of gay subalterns seated around a biasing fire in tbe officers' mess-room at Jelalabad. For we are now inside of that historic fortress, which is unpleasantly " threatened " by the wily Afghans. It is • few days after the tragic event just recorded, and it is that foot which imparts a grave tioge to the young officers' conversation to-night. Botitis impossible for them —particularly In war time—to remain grave for very long, and a heartly langh is ringing through the room when tbe door opens to admit a soldierly-looking figure, attired In tbe undress uniform, of an Infantry regiment. Thieis Colonel Dennie, of tbe ISth— Approved soldier, and one born to cope with grave prises. He is in a very abstracted mood just now, in no humour for badinage, •nd he says not a word as room is made for him within tbe cirole that surrounds the fire. ' Why is . this thus, Colonel f asks one youug fellow, adopting that air of wellbred familiarity assumed by " subs." towards their chiefs when nob on duty. < To" seem quite " off colour " this eventaK-' • Yes, Courtney, and I feel " off colour, 1 ' as you so elegantly express it,' says Colonel Denote $' thefactis I havebad a dreamen ominous dream—and one which I cannot forget* Be Is instantly assailed With a ob'orus of shouts. - . V ' A drejm, Colg^el? A dream T We tnnst'bear it, so none o! your shirking. We've had a ghost. story, .and we «6usl certainly have your dreqin 1 On Boxing Dlght.too—oqtne, fire away,' .. Xbus pressed, to kaa to ft«a way, and he says, smilingly,' Well, gentlemen, it is]l soon teld. 1 dreamed that Kabul bad been I s evacuated, and that for sime little time we | n had been without definite tidings of the I garrison. Then one day, whan all the bills 1 were covered with snow as they are now I (only more mi), we heard tbata single horse-1 man was in sight, coming slowly, and I (apparently) painfully towards the place. I Well, you fellows all (locked on to the out-1 works, as you are accustomed to do on tbe slightest provocation, and brought your I glasses to bear upon the linfortunate man. As he slowly enunciated the word 'glasses,' tho Colonel meditatively refreshed himself by taking a long pull from a glass I of something hot that stood at his elbow, end, drawing a deep breath, continued : I ' I can see the man of my dream now, though I cannot distinctly re-call his features. He was very pale and bloodstained, and grasped tightly in his riKht hand a broken swotd-in fact, was so covered with wounds that he could scarce keep I hiii . saddle. His hore9. too. was wounded, i bore all the marks of hard riding.' Here the inepressible one of the party | takes advantage of a brief hiatus in tbe Colonel's recital to ask— I What colour was he, Colonel t" „ Who, tho man or the horse 1" returns I be of a brown colour, and both man and beast seemed in ,uch a groggy condition that I tlioughi—and it wM all so «al-I sent a party to bring them in. But here c-imes in the most impressive part of my dream, or at all events the part that has I impressed me most. When we had sue coeded in bringing the man round, it elicited from him that of all the fine army commanded by General Elphinstone ^ Kabul a few months before liewas the s^e survivor—that our troops had evacuated the city in the depth of winter, had been urpmed in the passes by the treacl.eroUK han all H<«i.rnvart xiiik 1 The nature of this story in conjunction I with the Colonel's way of telling it, had sume effect upon his hearers, albeit the irreprefsible was understood to remark, in I muffled tones, that it was a nice thing to pivo - fuller the horrors at Christian." ' time. . " But what conclusions do you deduce from the dream yourrtil yourself l" V inqnirod inquired I Courlnev. 1 havo Bti imprc^ion that it was mo-e iliun a dream, llint it wae a revelation/ 1 . replied Colonel Deniiie, thoughtfully. •'I believe the Kabul Army will be destioyed to one man, and tbat he will come to us to tell the tale." | IIL I TUT nRPAM PARTLY RF.AI.TSEli 1 ,„«, O. cerbain da>, altracled by the movement* of certain the country westward ipposed of Rutttian the InduB, ppiee hud in opened negotiatiouV wiili Dost Mahomed, the Ameerof Kabul with a view to counteracting the M " l r X : ^ " r r i : U e k b fellow, bad recently pos-e-Hei 1 imsd of the government by driung out therul ng monarch Shah Sujah. Finding that the l)ostd«l.ned to come to terms, the Brtiah decided to aid the ox.led Bhah Sujah >n « determmed effort to regain his lost throne. Now. Post Mahomed had at Kabul some fourteen thoueand troops,whiie his brothers held the scarcely less important city of Kandahar with other four I,boouamL Tl. British opposed to theeo a powerful force, styling it " The Army of the Indus," and giving the command to Major-GeneralSiv John Keane. This army numbered in all tion of these were Europeans, Kabul was quickly captured, the Doet forced to flee, and Shah Sujah re-established on tbo throne of his ancestors. Having accomplisbed its mission and proclaimed a pro-1 tectorate over the oountry our army then I withdrew, merely leaving a contingent bebind to support the Ameer. Dost Mahomed had submitted, it is true, but he was I " sootched," not killed, whilst the minor chieftains, headed by bis hopeful off-1 spring Ackbar, were eager for a renewal of hostilities. These events occurred during 1839-40, and on November 2od. 1841, a sudden terrible outbreak took place in the Afghan capital, culminating in the brutal assassination of Sir Alexander Burnesand other English officers. Shah Sujah proved perfectly incapable to graprJe with a great crisis, aud sat help. lM! deserted to Itast Mahomed. The Bnt«li ga^wu at Kabul wa. commanded by Major-General Elphinstone, who for bis part showed himself utterly inadequate to not with any degree of firmness, and whose dread of Afghan treachery led him to meta phorically bow the knee before Dost „ . , . if t t . „„, h. . If, Mahomed. Us-^f nH nnrrntml.innH As It torosd wnrA mhirnintM out, his halfhearted negotiations were interrupted bv by 1 p tbe terrible murder of "" Sir William -—.Ico Macnaghten, and afterwards tbe l'ost proposed , ' , : I conditions—humiliating enough in them-1, sevles —for tbe evacuation of Lbul by its British garrison. Thew terms includedU,e , „ . | surrender of ail artillery, spare arms, and I. ... . . treasure, and the giving up of all married I „ „, , . ... , t officers, with their families, as hostages | This last degrading condition was not carried out, because it could not be enforced - ; but , eventually ... , it . ended , in . Lady .. I Sale and other ladies being left in I lemy e hands. I The New Year of 1842 had arrived, and I on January 6th our unfortunate people, to | the number of 4,500 fighting men, und I 12,000 camp followers, marched out of I Kabul, Their way led through the sombre J mountain peBses, which by this time pre-L sented a magnificent, yet terrible picture. U Vast piles of snow, of dszsling whiteness L upheaved gainst a cold blue sky. whilst the atmosphere was so cruelly keen that I clothing seemed hardly a protection. It was J noticeable at the outset that the promised j safeguard for the passage of our troojis J through the country was not fortlicoicKig, I and what this portended was quickly per-1 ceived in the large, suggestive-looking | bands of Gbazees and other robbers who I flocked around and hung upon the out-1 skirts of Uie tiny' army. A repetition of Napoleon's retreat -from Moscow, on aL T T . . . r I snvdler scale, was in store for our poor fellows. •• - J Thepowerand troachery ol the villain-1 ous Ackbar, like a hydra-headed monster, 1 were aPP.rent at every.turn. First ocourredthe desertion to the enemy of one 1 of the native regiments—a sufficiently I ominous slgn-and the close of the first day's march left hundreds of tbe wretched J camp-followers, men, womw, andchlldnnrla ying frozen on the ground. Anon theTe now became so deep that tbe horses could I ot drag the guns, and several pieces were I accordingly spiked and abandoned. Other I pieces were all but lost in a sudden on. I slaugbt by tbe enemy's cavalty, and these I guns, too, had ultimately to be left. I Hordes of plunderers hung about the rear I of our force, murdering Lioutenaot Hardy-1 man and fifty sowars of the Sth Cavalry, I until gradually tbe British lost all eem-1 blance of cohesion and ceased to resemble I an army. The horror of the scene was | heightened by the glare of a great conflagrntion, Kabul having been set on fire in I several places by Ackbar and his friendB. I General Elphinstone had blundered al-1 ready, but the egregiouB error that he now ] committed nut-pawed anything he had yet been guilty of. Ackbar, with a refinement of filing well worthy the murderer of Sir, W.U.am Macoa^ten h^ con,v«i the diabolical '^"fdecoymg e relreatmg force into the Khoord-Kabul Pass, tliat| I fe.rful go^e,_ fivet « les in length, so narrow that the rays ef the su», an, unable to penetrate .tedepth^ and though which | lows a rapid torrent that is crossed by the slippery, atony path no fcjwer than twenty ^"f 8 Wilh tbie \- f' 01 hismind Ack- >>«. at the head of six hundred horsemen, lymgstatementtlmthe hadbeen appomted * mfeguhtA them through the passes, and the same time, to demand hostages lor f 1 ' evacuation of the fortress of Jelalabad (where Sir Robert Sale was commandant) » w!th Tu^ th A°' 0 ;"' I* f 8 the s determmaUon ^^jr. ^ ^ ^ ^ n ^ hL' InHi.nlX I proffered terans^and^continued ^,-eat of his troops with all speed ; o{ ^ three officers as " hoBtages," and again Jjndeflvoure(j w mBke torms J Ackbar>s end was achieved, however; ^ j.ne o{ rotrBat lay through tlie defiles of ] ^ K||00rd.KllbuL Tb„ dieordered mob-1 £ mn wrm it nothin„ eiBe_pres8ed wildly I t)lrough tha pass, whose heights were I ,ined btto(jB of (be eD j down J \- - - - - - a relentless fueilade. And it must be borne in mind that delicate ladies, sometimes beati infantg jn „„,„_ were mixed up in tl.at seething mass', having to run I the gauntlet of rifles that car.ied death at thousand yards. •- j January 9th found the remnant of our I ,e tI>rou,,h tbe but in wbat BI h oondition I Reduced to less than five hun-1 ,)red EuropeenSi with a flock of frightened c,imp.f0Uower5. there were few murmurers I when Elphinstone called another 0f those fatal halts. The presence of Ackbar in j 1 heir midst enhanced tbe irony of tbe sittta. I ion, Him <110 VUUUIIUDU UDUiUUU I r» ' • ! ' — I t i • --"render of the married officers and their the rear -guard retained strength sufficient ^ beat oil two very severe attacks. But a master-stroke of treachery now enabled a , b y inviting Gene™. Elphinstone u.em justice, they were Jg ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ » ^ him ^ « the Uye( of ^ fcw eurvivorB by a ^ hll,ld8 of bU followers. He ^ I J ^ ,„o{u6ein bis promi«», stating ^ ^ wou',d ^ ^ hllf falher.io.,aw ^ equKUy unscrupulous chief- rful and )ajn) fay ^ p&ymeDt; of tw0 1bc8 of rupees, I j (q .,ot {he u„lmppy creulure8 through the 1 el n t r y Tbe money was accordingly exf<jrted I Aokbar returned at evening with tho I announcfmen(. tlmt be had carried out bis . f th t t. b t . b I tb(J ,i(j to the viUait|.g word9. " Tel pore, I j fi)s .» and Ackbar and bis worthy sire, I I having ,m(.keted the ru.iees and got the per- aonB of tbe ofl-loerB and iadlea inU) their ))09E6Pf,iont httd del,bDrately barricaded tiie yu(,dul|uk Pa8s witb trees, lined it with riflemeIli nnd iefl) fci,0 jnfidei doE810 their fate,what time theit-General sat hopelessly in tbe OBOmy's camp, a prisoner. j Brought to bay once more, the handful of Brjti8h fought desperately, and taught I tbejr cowardiy ueaailants a severe lesson, j Here> however, fell Anquetil. Chambers, I I Browne, and other brave men. But why 1 I dwej| „p0Il tt,js 8Cene } By a wretched I I combination of incompetence aud timidity j I on tbe of theBritish commnnderof un- j paralleled treachery and double-dealing- 1 cerLainly not of skill in battle-on the part of tho Afghan*. ElphinHtono's armv of I the Indus, which had left Kabul numbering ,6 ^ ot all ranUfl> WB8 ini (he brief space, Lf a week> de8troyed off tbo fftce ot l b eP j eartb , 