[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] THE GLOVE MARRIED BRIDE, ELLIS MARSTON. The setting sun was flooding the atmos phere with yellow light, tinting the tree tops and gilding the waters of the cinal until they glittered like gold. Round the bend of the canal came a red-sailed barge, moving gallantly along, and throwing up a cloud of spray from her bows as she cut her way through the water. A girl stood at the helm, steering, and handing the spokes of the hori zontal wheel with the ease born of long practice. She was tall, straight, and strongly made, and in her attitude there was a sugges tion of heroic possibilities. Her face was open aud frank, with clear gray eyes, regular fea tures, aud a pure complexion ; her arms were round and rosy, and her hands large and toil worn. Masses of golden hair were tucked away under the golden helmet sported by Frisian married women, aud over it was a little scarlet cloth cap perched coquettishly on one side. Long golden earrings depended from her cars. For the rest she wore a short woollen petticoat of dark brown stuff, reveal, ing shapely legs encased in pink ribbod stockings, and on her feet were pointed sabots. Over her wide bosom a pink kerchief was worn cross-wise, and a gold chain, with a cross depending from it, was around her neck. 'Elizabeth, Elizabeth,' cried a shrill voioe, and a woman's head appeared above the cabin's hatchway. 'Come down aud take thy tea ; it is waiting thee.' ' Nay then, mother, Jan must come and take the wheel ; thcu knowest that I cannot leave it.' There was a clatter of Babots, and Jan Sinidt, a boy of sixteen, went forward and took the wheel from his sister's hand. He was at least five years her junior, strong and sturdy, and steered as to the manner born. He was a handsome lad, and there was enough resemblance between him and his beautiful sister to proclaim their relation ship. Down in the cabin old Klaus Solicit, the owner of the barge, and his vrouw, Anne Marie, were seated at their taa. The kettle containing the tea water hissed on a plate of burning brazs ; the table was spread with a white cloth and a neat service of blue china. The father and mother were a hale and hearty couple iu the prime of life, still handsome, though somewhat tanned and weather-beaten. The mother wore the Frisian dress, much like, her daughter's, the father the ordinary jacket and voluminous trousers of dark brown elotb, plentifully garnished with silver buttons. The little cabin was the very pink and per* fection of neatness and cleanliness ; the floor was polished oak, with matting in the centre 5 the walls was also of oak, and were adorned wilh pictures and a few ornaments on, brackets. The seats were covered with crimson cloth. The little window was festooned with delicate muslin curtains, and held several pots, of gay flowers. The brass fittings of the cabin shone like mirrors. Not a spec of dust waa visible anywhere. ' There was a letter for thee. at JJwolte,' said Klaus, slowly fumbling in his pocket;, whence he drew a larga square envelope addressed in a round hand to Elizabeth *stnrm, of the barge Minerva, Post Office, Zwolle, Elizabeth took the letter and placed it ia her bosom, a slight pink suffusing the settled calmness of her face. ' It is from Cornelius,' she ea'.d briefly. Her parents testified no curiosity, although they, knew the letter was from the girl's husband, to whom she was bound by a glove* marriage. Cornelius Storm was in the employ of the Brothers Oppendoom, coffee merchants, of Amsterdam ; he had been sent oufc by them to the West Indies as assistaut overseer on a. coffee plantation, and being unable to fulfil hh promise to come home and marry his old sweetheart, Elizabeth Smidt, had besougUb her to consent to a glove-marriage, which ia perfectly valid in Holland. Elizabeth con sented, aud Cornelius, sending his riftbfc hand glove to bis brother Pieter, appointed him his* proxy. So the marriage, which with the Dui$h fa a. purely civil contract, took place the magstrate, Pieter holding Elizabeth's hand with hfe own right hand, on which was tho glove aenfc by Cornelius, and the bride a,nd bridegroom, though separated; by thousands of leagues of water, were as ind-iseolubly wedded as if an archbishop had presided at the ceremony &-, (he altar of a cathedral. The family Sittidfr lived iu winter in a quaint little house, at ijwolle, and Elizabeth remained with heV parents and served thorn as she had from her childhood up. la summer their house was oa. the waters. 'Cornelius is coming home hi six months f the girl announced to her mother ; 'Mynheer Oppcndom will give him the charge of hfa country estate, with a good salary, »o that he can ha«-e a house of his own, and we may live together.' ?? It is well,' said Vrouw Smidt, ' a wife b best with her huBdand, but we shall miss thee Elizabeth ; thou hast never been from home before.' They were seated in the little cabiu, busily knitting. Klaus and hit sod, with the old man, who composed the crew of the Minerva, were on deck. The cabiu was as neat as a lady's boudoir, and fragrant with the roses that bloomed in the window. Elizibeth luc unbraided her beautiful hnir, and it now flowed free over her shoulders from under the golden helmet. She looked like a fairy Joan of Arc taking her rest ufier the toils of battle. ' There is a house at Hiudcloopen to let,' continued Elizabeth. '* It haB a garden run ning down down to the quay. I walked past it once with Cornelius, and he said how well the windows would look with luce curtains over them, and that the house only wanted flowers blooming in the garden, and roses climbing up the trout, to be perfect. It is to let still, for I wcut on purpose to see when we were luBt there.' ' You must take it,' said Vrouw Smidt,' 1 have luce curtains laid, by which will do you the windows, and thou knowest, Elizabeth, I have been storing house linen for these three years. My daughter fchall not go to her mau without household gear. Six months! Why, they will soon be gone, aud thcu we shall lose our child, and she sighed. ' Butyou will see me often, mother,' thegirl said, smiling brightly. Yon will be pasting up and down tiic canal in the summer-time, and in winter you must come aud make your home with us. There are more rooms than we shall want.' The mother shook her head. ' Thy father will not give up the old house,' she said, ' and for thyself, child, the little ones will be coining and will fill the rooms ; but \re will come and bide with you sometimes. Cornelius is a good lad aud will make as welcome, I know.' 'That he will,' said Elizibeth heartily. But summer passed into winter,- and the canals were frozen and skaters flew over the glassy service, and Cornelius came not. The brothers Oppendoom said they had summoned him home, and were advised that he had left the Indies, but no news came of the Golden Star, the vessel in which Cornelius was said to have sailed. Iu the meantime Klaus Smidt had purchased the little house at Hiudeloopen. It was to be a wedding present, aud would be formally made over to the young couple when Cornelius should arrive. Elizabeth and her mother busied themselves iu getting it ready, and Elizabeth's savings, which had begun when she was a child of ten, went to the furnishing. Vruow Smidt had a goodly store of lace curtains, and lace frillcdsheets and pillow-cases laid by, and these were made over to her daughter to be used on state occasions. In February came the news that the Golden Star, chartered by the Brothers (Jppcndoom, coffee merchants of Amsterdam, had been lost ; the cargo had gone down, and all hands had perished. The ship and her freight were heavily insured, but the men who went down with her— who would make up their loss to the hearts that mourned them? Elizabeth put on widow's dress, and retired within herself. She maid no moan aud was ucver seen to weep, but she grew thinner and paler and her beauty waned, and she who had ever spoken but rarely, now spoke rarely more still, and that only when necessary, £he still steered the barge, laden with a various freightage, along the sluggish waters of the canals, but she answered no more the cheery salute of the passing bargee, or of his family clustered about the bulwarks. She sat long hours over her knitting, while her mother knitted beside her, and only a heavy sigh occasionally betrayed the sorrowful thoughts that possessed her. The little house at Hindeloopen was dismantled and let, for hearts may break but money must come in, and Elizabeth worked as hard as ever, putting by the guilders she earned for her old age. ?' Thou wilt marry again,' said her father ; 'after ail it was but a glove-marriage, and thy man will have a maiden wife, and thou wilt bear him children, who will climb on my knees and call me grandfather when I am old. But Elizabeth shook her head. ' Cornelius and I were lovers from the cradle,' she said. ' I shall never wed again.' Her brother-in-law, Picter Storm, was frequent iu his visits to the Smidt's house; and often asked a passage on the barge on one pretext or another. '? Thon canst still be of the family,' he said to the girl. ' Here stand I, Pieter Storm, ready to be thy man at any time. It will soon be a year since the ship was lost, and a year is quite long enough for a handsome woinan to sigh. You are growing pale and thin, Elizabeth, you will no longer be the beauty of Zwolle if you fret your life away as you arc doing now. Try me and see if I will uot make your days bright for you, and you will soon think of Cornelius only as a dream. After all, it was Pieter and not Cornelius that was married to you. Did I not hold your hand before the magistrate, and sign the register ? What more simple and proper than that I should claim you for my wife ? You are much too beautiful to be married to the dead. ' For answer Elizabeth rose, laid aside her knitting, and went up to the wheel, sending Jan down to talk to Picter on (he affairs of the market; presently they both came up, aud leaning over the bulwarks with the stems of tbeiriong clay pipes in their mouths, proceeded to discuss the affairs of the] nation in the pecu liarly calm Dutch fashion. There was no gesticulation, uo interruption, each had his say out while the other listened aud puffed, and whenonespcakcr had finished the other took up hia parable and spoke. Elizabeth stood at the wheel looking straight ahead, and guiding the vessel unerringly along the gray canal ; her face was serious but hardly sad, for the indomitable resolution of her face shone there —and her hands grasped the wheel firmly and unfalteringly. ?* My heart is sad for Elisabeth,' said her mother one evening to her spouse ; ' the girl is plainly grieving, but will not say a word to me, her mother. Aud it is a pity and a s'lair.o that her youth should waste as ic is wasting ; and what will she have to turn to when we are gone? Jan will marry,*und the girl will be left alone. ' No fear of that,' answered Klaus, as he set down his empty beer mug. Give the girl time, mother, and she will pick up again, and look out for another husband, 'l'is early day a to talk of it now ; why, 'tis not a full year hlnce tho Golden » Star was lost, and twelve months is a sliort time to forget the boy who has been her lover all her life. If she chooses in another year's time it will bo goon enough, but let her alone now, wife. Elizabeth, is not a maiden to be hurried into marriage nor into aught else. She will go on her own way and follow her own bent.' The mother did not answer ; she sat knit ting atthe interminable stockings, for, between them, Elizabeth and she made all the clothing for the family, as well us doing all the house needlework. Three years had passed, and still Elizibeth remained a widow. She had mauy offers, for not only was she still beautiful, but old Klaus was known to have a tidy sum put away in the bank, and Elizabeth herself added each year to her savings. She was known to be a clever and capable housewife, as most Dutch women arc, and her father had made over to her the little house iu Hiiideloopcn, of which she received the rent. Decidedly Elizi beth was a woman worth the seeking. But t he loverscatneund wen t,aud still Elizabeth wen ton her way, calm and stately as ever, working from morning to night, wailing on her parents and her brother, and speaking not one word of her dead husband buried beneath the rolling waves of the Atlantic Ocean. ' Even if Cornelius wore living and had sent no word, you would be free now, Eliza beth,' said Piet, as he sit one day by the girl in the little summer house in the garden of the Smidt's house. 'Dutch law is merciful, and docs not compel a woman to keep faithful longer than three years to a man who sends no sign. You might make one man happy in stead of making many miserable. I have been faithful to you, Elizabeth, all these three years. I have never so much as looked at any other woman, aud I would make you a good aud faithful husband. Your money and gear should never be wasted by me.' ' How you do persist, Piet,' said the girl, wearily, 'and what can you want with a woman whose heart has gone from her ? If I marry you, you will be disappointed when you find that I cannot give you all a wife's love. Why will you not be content with an answer and seek some oiher muiden *' ' Because I cannot. Because, Elizabeth, every time I see you, you seem to be more beautiful and queenly. Because you are the only woman I should ever care to marry.' Elizabeth was silent, her lingers playing with the gold cross which lay on her bosom. Suddenly she laid her hands on Piet's. ' It I consent,' she said, 'if I marry you, Piet, re collect that it is only at your repeated request, and because you have vowed aud sworn many times that no one else would make you happy. If in the years to come you are dissitisficd with me, remember that I did uot do it to please myself, but only to make you happy, Piet, because you are the brother of Cornelius.' Her voice faltered as shejH'onounced the seldom spoken name. 'Elizibelh,' cried Piet rapturously, and bending over her he pressed his first kies on her cheek. ??? I dissatisfied ! Why, I shall bo the happiest mau in HoHand and the luckiest. You must take on the house at Hiudeloopen, Elizabeth ; it will be our win fcr quarters, and in summer we will have a barge, and take our merchandise along the canal and be as happy as the day is long.' «« Yes,' said Elizabeth absently, 'well, have your own way, Piet. The die is cast ; I am destined to be Vrouw Storm to the end of my days, it seems.' Tho tenants had notice to quit the Hindcloopeu house at the end of the term, when the time for which they had engaged it would expire ; aud when thej' had vacated it Elizibeth and her mother went to work with a will to get it ready for ils new inhabitants. It was a pretty liulo house with lii^h pointed gables painted a bright green, the lower part of the walls being coloured red, and the roof covered with glazed tiles which shouo in the sun's rays like a mirror. It had bay windows, aud a little garden sloping down to the banks of the canal, gay with flowers, and all around the garden were young litne trees, their trunks painted a light blue. It was a perfect kaleidoscope of colour, which was reflected back from the canal below in shi'iuncring hues, as the passing bargee set the quiet water quivering. Piet had elected to follow the highly es teemed calliug of a gardcuer, and had bought several uares just outside the village, where tulips, roses, aud poly-anthuses of ull hues grew aud flourished. It was his ambition, at uo very distant period, to become an orchid grower, but at present he contented himself with more modest floriculture, It was Elizabeth's wedding morning, and s'ic was awaiting Piet's advent in the little house at Hindeloopeu, whether the whole family had migrated for liic occasion. She was dressed as a Frisiau dame, and looked stately and picturesque. The goldeu helmet on her head was nearly concealed by a coa'scuttle straw bonnet, turned apparently the back to the frout. Across her forehead was a broad gold band with a corkscrew arrangement on cither temple, and in her ears were long gold aud coral pendants. A violet handkerchief wus tied round her neck, Ifer dark woollen dress was almost covered by a flowered and embroidered linen overdress ; a pink stomacher covered her bosom, aud was confined at the waist by a red-sash, and a pink check patterned linen uprou covered the frout of her dress from the waist to the ground. On her feet she wore beautifully embroidered velvet slippers. She was standing in the best parlour, look ing pensively from the window, while Vrouw Smidt; was still upstairs putting the finishing touches to her own dress, aud Klaus was in the summer-house in company with hU be loved pipe. 'Piet is late,' murmured Elizabeth. ' Ah ! had it been Cornelius, he would have been too early.' Unaccustomed tears rose to her eyes, bul she wiped them quickly away, scolding her self for her childishness. As she turned for a last look at the mirror, to assure herself that everything was in its place, the garden-gate clicked and a rapid step came up the walk. No blush came'to Elizabeth's face. No tremor as she heard the step cuter the house aud pause at the door ; she did not even turn her head, but busied herself with her bonnet, which would turn ever so little to one side. The parlour door opened, and a voice said ' Elizibeth !' Then she turned and tottered, and would have fallen had not the new-comer hastened to her aud caught her in his arms. ' Cornelius,' she said wildly; 'hast thou come from the sea to reproach me? I consented only becuuse he was thy brother, and he said that I was spoiling his life.' 'I reproach thee not, Elizibeth, thou lust been very good and patient. Oh, I know all, Piet lias told me.' ' But where art thou from, and art thou really Cornelius — my Cornelius ?' ' Really and truly thy Corneliue. I arrived at the old house only list night and found Piet there. He also took me for a ghost, but thou, Elizabeth, thou shouldst have known better.' ' Thou art changed, Cornelius,' she said, holding him off, aud looking at him anxiously and fondly ; aud iu truth he was a poor cadaverous object, very different from the stalwart young Dutchman who had parted from her full of life and hope nearly four years ago. ' I have pissed through twenty years of suffering,' he said. ' We encountered bad weather after leaving St. Martin ; theekipper was a drunkard and got wrong in Ins reckonings. The consequence was the ship was driven miles out of her course and was finally wrecked on one of the Leeward Islands, She went down, and all were lost t-xcept a few, who were picked up aud saved by the second aud third mate in one of the ship's boats. The island was uninhabited, but we managed to live ; the others did pretty well, but I was always ill and of little use. We were out of the track of vessels, and might have stayed on our island for ever had uot Providence caused another ship to be wrecked ou the same spot as ourselves. ' She had also got out of her course iu a cycloue, aud came ashore, but although wrecked she was uot altogether shuttered, and we all set to work and patched her up until she was strong euough to bring us to Europe. It was a long job, but it was finished at last, aud we all Cime home in her. She is lying now iu the dock at Rotterdam and will probably be broken up. And so you were going to be married again, Elizabeth,' he concluded, with a touch of reproach. ' Only for thy brother's sake,' she said softly, 'and that I might save him from a wasted life. Poor Piet, what will he do ; now ?' 'I left him lookiug pretty cheerful,' answered Cornelius. ' To do Piet justice, he was too overjoyed at seeiug me back to think of anything else.' ' Didn't he repine at all at having to give me up ?'' queried Elizabeth in a tone of pique. ' Not much,' laughed Cornelius. ' I don't think Piet's heart is so shattered that it cannot be pieced together again, as the old El Douado was. He is gone on to the magistrate's to await us there. Come, Elizibeth, do not let us disappoint the poor man of his fees. He need not know that we are already married, and after all it was but a glove-marriage,' 'Sir,' said the master of Baliol, in his parting address to a distinguished alumnus, -4 your fellow students think highly of you ; the tutors and professors think highly of you ; I think highly of you ; but no one thinks more highly of you limn you do yourself.' Editor : ' You wish a position as a proof reader ?' Applicant : ' Yes, sir.' ' Do you uuderstand the requirements of that re sponsible position ?' ' Perfectly, sir. When ever you make any mistakes in tho piper, just blame 'em ou me, and I'll never say a word.' She had just got home from the finishing school, and they were walking in the conserva tory together. ' Oh, m -mma,' 6he exclaimed, 'how pretty! What flower is that?' ' That's a hollyhock, dear.' ' A hollyhock ? Why, mamma. I painted one at school, and it don't look like that !' Easily explained.— 'You say this is the diamond stud stolen from you ? Do you swear to it, sir?' steruly asked the lawyer for the defence. ' I do, positively.' ' Yet it is not the ouly stud of the kind in the world. I have one identical with it in my pocket.' ' No doubt. I had two 6tolen.' A sharp servant. — Debt collector : ' Is your master at home?' Servant (curtly): ' No, he isn't.' debt Collector (suspiciously) ? ' But I can see his hat hanging up iu the hall.' Servant: Well, what's that got to do with it ? One of my dresses is hanging on the liue in the back garden, bat I am uot there.' Weeding them out.— ?? You see, it was this way. They were all three so dead iu love with her and ull so eligible that to settle the matter she agreed to marry the one who should guess nearest to her age.' ' And did she?' 'i cau't say, I ouly know she married the one who guessed the lowest.' ' My frieuds,' said the eloquent minister, ' were the average man to turn and look him self squarely in the eyes, and ask himself what he really needed most, what would be the first reply suggested to bis mind ?' ' A rubber neck,' shouted the precocious urchin in the rear of the room, and, in the confusion which followed, the good man tost his place in his manuscript, and began over agaiu. 