A Cheap Election. It is written that "money makes the mare to go,'' but fortunately that use ful quadruped frequently consents to gallop without the financial stimulant. Such was the case at the recent election for East Ade laide, which was won by the man who spent least cash on the contest. Mr. Salmon may be shut out of the calcula tion, because he never had the ghost of a chance of success, and because so far he has not yet filed the details of his ex penses. Both the other candidates made the battle a little exciting, and each has complied with the Act by publishing the details of the money disbursed during the progress of the tournament. In Mr. Hutchison's case the outlay was £21, or as nearly as possible 10 per cent, of the salary which he will draw, supposing nothing happens to vacate his seat before the next election. That may be said to be a very reasonable sum, for it does not exceed £1 per day from the time he first announced himself to the morning on which the advertisement was published conveying his thanks to the voters who had given him their support. It will be seen that in his case the newspapers, which are so often inveighed against by indignant Labor members and defeated candidates of the same party-, did not get much of a feast, although they went out of their way to report his views, and also the speech in which he returned thanks. Mr. Shaw was not present in Adelaide during the contest, bub his friends made matters lively in his absence, and the total expenditure on his account was £137 13s. 3d., which is by no means out of the way considering the circumstances. Other things being equal, the man on the spot in a case of this kind has seven times a better chance of success than the person who does his electioneering by proxy, so that the spendingof seven times as much money by the friends of the latter just about equalises matters. Some day, if Mr. Kingston has his way, the State will bear all the necessary expenditure of a candidate for Parliament, who will him self be precluded from having resort to the special influence of money to enforce his claims, but that time has not come yet, and so we must be content to see the rich man placed at a considerable advan tage as compared with his less fortunate competitor. That is, less fortunate in the possession of this world's goods, for in times past, as in the present instance, constituencies have often turned their backs on the full purse in making their political choice. In a city district money is, comparatively speaking, powerless to affect the issue, but in a big country electorate, where much travelling has to be done to reach the scattered communi ties of voters, it becomes an important factor in the decision of a contest, although South Australian experience has not shown that even in the provinces cash is paramount, it was not in Mr. Peake's case, for instance. No one can complain that Mr. Shaw was unduly lavish in his expenditure at East Ade laide. and it is clear that votes were not bought by either candidate. The princi pal power of money in such a contest as this, indeed, exists in the influence it exerts on the attendance of voters at the poll, for at East Adelaide last January there were enough electors unaccounted for to have put in a third candidate by a thumping majority. Some day, perhaps, it will be possible to legislate in the direction of compulsory voting, or, fail ing that, an Act may be passed rendering elections void unless an absolute majority of those whose names are on the roll exercise their franchise in favor of some particular candidate. When the Govern ment bring in their Bill providing for the biennial retirement of half the strength of the Assembly, and so institute the principle of single member electorates, they may, perhaps, be induced to adopt some means of stirring the sluggish moiety of the voters in each district to re pair to the ballot boxes. If, however, the last reform has to wait for the passage of the long-promised Bill referred to, it is likely to remain in the clouds for many years yet. Mb. Chableb Williams, the well-known war correspondent, has started for the Sondan, in the interests of the "Daily Chronicle." Mr. Williams is an Irish man. 