The correBpondanoe which 1i»« ftp* peared in our journal under the turn deplume of ' Wide-a-Wake,' is of more than passing importance, and the genuine attempt whioh. h« has made to show the city fathers of Frahran's apparent unskilful finan cing entitles the writer to the thanks of the ratopaying community. It is the first time that any person has, daring past yean, come forward, able and willing to ohallenge the Finance Committee of the city of Prahran. The disadvantages whioh beset an outsider in attack must be ob»iou«, but when the figures, issued by the Council, support the criticisms of ' Wido-a-Wake,' we are not at a loss to understand the cursory glance given by the Chairman of the Finance Committee at the criticisms, and the eloquent silence whioh followed. We all comprehend that the broad principle of financial undertakings is to make onds meet, to balance the ledger. As one of Captain Marzyatt's heroes observes, keeping the Admir alty accounts is only bum-boating OB' a larger scale. Receipts «hnnM balance expenditure, and when a treasurer receives in full the revenue he has anticipated there is no[exoiiM^. % hia expenimii- - - reoeipU. In the caty ol yearly income is almost a ne^g||gb quantity. The financial tia®lj|jp and flows with remarkable regulaiipgij Periodically we are told this with) Blowing municipal pride in th^ financial BtabiUty of Prahran, and when we examine the «um the work ion* in the rate °te|SS Prahran, we find that the -|g|g® not overstated; The labors o' ; *£- wte ooUeotors could not we'i.v^g tBBton. When, however, w« f ' W to the other aide -of the sheet r* tead a different tale. Just exceeding the expenses yon allowed youifBU, upon the tost a tolerably certain inooming, by' £1,200! A bum-hoat woman, who oonducted her fenying on such a principle would find herself in the Insolvent Court. Unfortunately, the chairmen of Finanoe Committees of municipal corporations, have not the same necessity for close finanoing that a private individual is called upon to exert, if he is to honorably pay hie way. Ratepayers cannot too dearly understand that they pay for the acts of Finanoe Committees, and it is a very serious state of affairs when the outgoings exceed the income in municipal finanoe, and so long as the ratepayers exist to be bleed they must pay the liabilities incurred. ' Wide-a- Wake ' asserts that the business of Prahran oity can be carried on upon a Is 6d rate, and proceeds to show that there is something more than mere assertion in this. So far as ' Wide-a-Wake ' is concerned, we have had lus figures checked by an independent and competent authority who vouohes lor their aceuraoy. We intend to keep the question before the rate, m hi »nif rill not rest until Prah ran has an eignteen-'pennf-ratej-w we agree with 'Widea-Wake' that such is the legitimate rate for Prahran were ordinary close financing practised. At this season of peace and good will towards all men, we do not desire to upset the digestion of the chairman of finance, nor to ask the attention of our readers to a financial criticism of the city's position, more especially as the Council does not meet for a month, but before that time, so that the criticisms may be officially answered, we shall publish our own comments upon the subject ' Wide-a-Wake ' has so timely directed the ratepayers' attention to. A good murder mystery is an interesting tale to tell at Christmas time. It is even better than a ghost story. Melbourne has its mystery, and the detectives have their faculties all occupied. The Criminal Investi gation Department require at tbe pre sent time a Poe, a Sherlock Holmes, or a Gaboreau — a man who from a Uir can unravel a head, from a clue find a key. The unfortunate woman whose corpse was found in the Yarn, under circumstances whioh point at murder, has been the means of bringing many side lights of our social life to view. It is surprising how many young females are missing from their homes under circumstances that bave led relatives to suppose the corpse of the woman now in the morgue may be their dead. Stranger still is it that the corpse itself has not been claimed. 11 Murder will out,' ' stones have been known to speak' — the Windsor hearth stone in point of illustration— and even the Yarra gives up, in due season, its dead. Bivers in the vicinity of great cities are full of mysteries discovered and hidden. The Thames, the Seine, as well as the Yarra would afford volumes of the grue some. The flowing stream offers to murderers a tempting faoility to dispose of their victims, and a chance of escape. Speculative people might indulge in the thought as to how far the reoent disooveiy of a woman's leg -''» to do with the present crime. Has a dual murder been committed P The dues in the present case appear of very slight substanoe, and the only chance of detection lies in publicity. Newspapers are entering Into a new sphere in crime detection, and they too are of invaloable aid to the polioe. Out of their many counsels wisdom may be found, and out of the masses of theory that are daily propounded a hint fur the solution of the problem may be discovered. The prompt identification of the corpse, the speedy arrest of the disposer of the body are things to be devoutely prayed for. life would be intolerable, no person's being would be safe, if such crimes went undetected. In the sure dis covery of such outrages lies the greatest safeguard against their commission, and the general preserva tion of the commonwealth. 