Provincial. Pickings. . '."FBOy Oon ExaHijjops. ; Sopib idiotio parson on tlio EUiqtt Rivor, -poaflwhero tho railway lino crosses (says tho Hnndab%g-$tor of - September '27), is . out at .nights, at irroguhir intorvals, performing tlio S art- of a ghpst, frightening' the. sohobl chil- . ran and' tho lengthsmon's- wives, an! doing other silly things. Tliero ure not a great many people living out there, and it should not; tie a' very "difficult matter to discover who is ueting tho ghost, and to try a stockwhip on liis hido.-" His friends ought KB take care of him lest -something worse befall him. A girl named-Agnes Parker, aged 18, who -was employed as a domestic servant by Mr. John Chillies, of Naomi' Dell, neur . Inglo- -wood (savs tho Warwick 'Argus of September 27), met with ii dreadful accident on Tues day lust. Shq wus lighting a fire, and was using kerosine - for- the purpose, : whon her dross caught ,firo and she ivas seriously burned: about the body before the. flames could be oxtiriguislied. Her eonditinri becom ing critical, it was decided to send her to the "VVarwick hospital, a distance : of over Qp miles. , Slio arrived at the iris'titiition on Saturday last, and died qn the. following day. -' .An ncoidont (says tho Gympio Times of September 27) happened yesterday to a lad named J. T. Johnson, aged 13 years, who was riding up Mellor street with another lad named Ryan, of a similar age, perched behind liim. Whon near Amy street tho horse stumbled, sanding botli lads to tlie ground. Ryan escaped with a few scratches. Johnson, who foil, striking the ground with the back of his hoqd, wits rendered luictm- scious, Hud was picked rip by his mother mid carried to Ilia . homo and laid upon tlio bed, wliere,' after a short while, lie recovered his senses; tud it was found that happily no serious hurt had bsen inflicted. -' Last Saturday (writes the Isis correspondent of tho With Day Xcws of September 27) Mr. Webb's eano wus filed by someone, and after a hard struggle with the flames they 'got it under, iiiauy thanks to tho neighbours' boys, who worked like Trojans ' cutting loads through the fields to stop the progress of tlie lire, and witii the wind in their favour, thuy succeeded. Tliero is a reward of .£50 to anyone wlio gives .information' that will convict. This is tho second timo that Webb's cane has been fired this year, first qt 12 o'clock at midnight, and this time' at 12 midday, when they thought thoi-o would bo a better chance of doing . moi-o harni, its tho trash is very dry. Nut only the party' they liayo spite against suffers, but if a good fii-o gets started with a fair wind, the whole Isis would he burned, with ! a good many houses. Au unfortunate mid fatal accident (says the Rockhamptou liullc'ui . of September -28) uoourred on TuttcrsaU's r.icecnurse. North Rockhamptou, on Saturday afternoon lust, r-lirounh which a jockey named Matthew Hayward 16st liis life. In tho principal race of the day — tlio Town .Phitc — rliny ward was riding a liorse . called . King Boo, owned by Messrs. Kulil Brothers, of Blaeiiall. Going along the buck of the courao Miss Eminetr- was leudiug; followed by Reprabato, King. Bee being third. About " the liulf- iniie post King Beo began to draw up on Reprobate, and tlteu Hayward sitddeniy- fell to tiie ground. King Ree galloped op, apparently interfering with the running of Reprobate and X Ray. . Tliero was i|0 sign of pour Hay wiird rising, and serious results wore at" ouco. feared. , The unfortunate . man was sums brought to tbo --shade "if tlio saddling pad-; dock, and Dr. D. S. Macdonuld examined liim. Bluod-was qqzing from liisnosouud mouth and lie was breathing . heavily, boing quite unconscious. ., It was , evident tlio principal injury was to tlie head, and that lie was suffering from concussion of tho brain. Dr. Macdonuld gavo no hope of his surviving . the injury i'l-om the first, aud a fow minutes before fl o'clock tho poor fellow breathed his last, nofc havillg regained consciousness. . One of the jockeys . who was behind Hayward stated that King Bee "Ipggpd" in veri- much, and that ho ran inside tlio post, which was struck heavily by Hayivard's leg. The blow threw the unfortunate mail . opt of the saddle, and his head struck tlio hard ground with great forop. It is said that King Beo "lugged." in again inn subsequent rape at tho same plnen. Hayivurd was a well known aud eapiibio horseman, aud was. always held iq high repute. Ho leaves a widow"aud young child, who are biit ill provided lor. Mr. W. D. Ross made a col lection for the widow on Saturday night and succeeded in getting a very rcsnectahle amount. Hayward, who was 25 years of age, was buried yesterday afternoon, Us' funeral being attended by a large number of vehioles and Iiui'scmen, ami about tailor a dozen of his fellow jockeys riding in colours. 