Original Story. ' THE GOLDMipfS CHRISTMAS . MEMORIES Ail BiOHis BsraBVBD. ... i. . Foo& Old Job I ' Never : better man went down a eh aft ; and i as I' Bit bere in oomfort and ease, enjoying, the autumn of life; I. have good reason to \- look book at tho -time Job and I wore .- mates with gratitude and profound respeotfor the rough, unlettered old North .oountry man; Job .Appleton and' I met, 'juat aa hundreds of other men meet on the . gold, fields, by the merest cbdnice. Some meet, work together ae mates, and then part for ever. Bpt our as- eooiatien did not end that way— > though we were often parted. Some friends of ihinehad bought a share in one of 'the Valley claims — not the beat end,' but one of the Southern olalms, hone of whioh were extra good. None of my friends had any praotioal . knowledge of mining no they gave me a fourth, and weekly wages in proportion to the interests v- they held, to work the eharo. There Vero six shares, and the holders thereof were a mixed lot — publione, .storekeepers,' and 'all sorts. There i. . was one young fellow a pretty good hand, hut when we bottomed the abaft for, "nix." he cleared out, and I 'j'.- think tho others, would have dono the > - same had 1 not advised . to the con- -. traiy. . Ours was a- block claim, alongaide a frontage olaim that had turned out payable- dirt ; and I saw nif reason why, ae we were on the ' same level, . we ehould not also get \- some gold - One of .the shareholders, ' a publican, jibbed, and parted with a' half to on old , miner— both to share . equal but no wages, to be paid the working ehaieholder. . That. miner was Job Appleton.' I ' thought him a comlaal little chap at flrst ; he was short and not very ' , broad, though heavy ; he.had a alow, . - . drawling way with him though smart \- enough . at . work — and spoke the dioleot ot the North very broad. The . voiy first day's acquaintance how- over, proved Job's worth as a iqinar, and before the week was out I .waB juBt as pleased with him.os a man..-,. The follows we had with us were qlmoat ueelese, they know- nothing neither would they xyork, thus handl' oapping the olidm hkdly, for a lot of downright lptiiil.work wae necessary toytrovethe ground. t ' Both Job' and I jnopoeed driving westerly until ' we struok the gold. They demurred' at .first ; hut finally ebneented; : . Fifteen feet' in the rook dipped, and we got a little gold. , As Bio dip was pretty sudden the labour of gettlng up the stuffi waa pretty' heayy,' and It was' thought admMUe to sink a. shaft so as to bottom .'tiie deepesi: ground ; and Job and I eug- geeted that as there "was not enough for. the whole' of us to do driving "down the dlp:: halt had better taokle the ehiaft,. .They demurred, and finally muqh against our wish decided to let the! sinking to contrac tors;' . It seems thely had a gang of fellows ready to snap the. job — a lot of - eye-opening sharkers— men of their own kidney — gamblers, spielers, and what hot besides. Anyway, Job and I were out-voted, and the shaft was Bunk to the rock— that is, the same depth as our old abaft, and they deollned. to go further- Job and I insisted that the rooit was not .the bottom, but they would hlaye to sink through it (it was only a soft elatey rook and easy to work) until they came on the end of the dip. .Of course there was a row over It, and our mates actually sided with .the contractors — for no doubt they were in the swim. . Thus, when the dip was bottomed, and the wash dirt widened out, it became necessary to put the shaft down thirty feet deeper, and Job and I did the sinking, spell and spall about, while the others worked at the windlass ..hauling up the stuff; Now, it was a moBt singular thing that from the time we taokled the shaft something was always going wrong. Sometimes it.was the wind lass gave way, at others, the canvas hose, through which the air was forced down by a fan, parted, and not infrequently fell on the man below — which was either Job or myeelt ; then by eome means they'd not hook the greenhide bag on properly, and down it would come, so that Job and I had a pretty rough time of it, and it really seemed as if we had nine lives like the cats. Anyhow, we bottomed the shaft It was my turn- below when I poked iny pick through one corner of the drive, and .then the rneh of air was eo great that, being all wet with per spiration, I stood a good ohance of being doubled up. I sang out for them to haul me up. No answer. Then I roared into tike hole for the others below to drive away so as to enable me to get through. Still no answer. So I worked away for dear ; life until I made a hole big enough to squeeze through, No one wee in the : drive, nor was the rope hanging down! the shaft. Whatever was up ' with i "them I couldn't imagine." " Sarely Job ' would never leave' me there — even' though the other wretches might do ' bo. Well, I knocked down a lot ofi stuff, and occasionally shouted up; both shafts ; and then I oould seei that night had set iit, and my candle was used up. It was by no means a' pleasant situation. 1 had a nice little home about a mile away from the olaim and "I knew that my wife would be in agony of suspense when I did not turn up at the usual hour, for accidents were so frequent that she always lived in dread of seeing me brought home on a sheet of bark. And eo it happened in this in stance, for after, waiting for an hour, she fan to the store where oae of my contributing mates was employed and told him of her fears for my safety ; and he, like a good fellow, ran all the way over to the olaim, and seeing Job sitting by the fire in front of his tent, asked where I was. " Where is he ? why, at home, I ahoold say— where he oughter to be." He was informed differently; and as none of the other fellows lived within a mile or so of the claim, Job, before going to toll them, ran to the shaft, on' a venthre, and sang out; "Below there I"- Joyful news to met for though I was hot in any way seared, I was anxious about the wife" ; and I was smoking, for company. " Ie that you, JobP" "Yes, me hearty. What he thee doin' there this time o' night P Look out there — the rope's a-comin'. ' Be thee hurt, lad; or what's oop vrith eeP" I soon hod my foot in the loop and was hauled up to the surface. I told Job oil about it, and the only explanation he could give was this. He had to go to the township for eome candles; and when he got hack he found all hands had, as he thought, gone home, myself inoluded. He never dreamt of my being left below, so went on lighting his fire and got his beefsteak . and onions under weigh. " And this is about the size of it, lad, the beggars cleared ont as soon as my book was turned, an' they knowed you was below. I'll be up sides wi' 'em aforo long — see if I don't" > "Weil, Job, as its Christmas eve you'd better come over home with me. . . And I have to thank you, Thompson, for coming over, and help ing Job pull me up. Now . let's hurry, or the wife will go into hysterics." . Happily, she was not of that order of femininity — -though she was in a very had way — and only that there wore two little toddlers, too young to be 'left alone, she would have run over to the valley herself. Anyhow, we spent a very- pleasant evening — my ' mates at' the big store Bonding over ' several bottles of wine and spirits. .v H. . ! ; This wai only the beginning of our .troubles— -and had , I known the claim would have turned nut so badly I would. have ehuqked " hemp " — but one never knows what may happen in gold mining. However, we, that is ' Job and I, circumvented all their evil designs for. over. six. months and; the olaim dnffered out— the wash . dirt; carrying the gold running .ont to a .mere : thread. The olalm. had .never paid wages, and tha fellows were awful, grnnibly . . abont it— and so, .also; \\. were my friends, for .they had| hoped .to make a . little rise, out df the ground. But Job, .though a simple gUnietterod main, ; slow of speech and1 idea/waa oa shrewd as. North eountiy-j men generally are. . He and I had disoneaed the matter of the gold run ning out before. In foot, toe olaim was an extraordinary one; and we had. been working a " pot-hole,"' which by all the known roles of gold- mining, should have contained tone of gold. The foot is the real vein hod run overhead, in another layer of drift ; and the thin vein we had been following was merely a feeder. Both; Job and; I suspected this; but we; didn't venture to put our thoughts1 into words. \- So the olaim was abandoned, and, the fellows that had been shepherd ing ns for some months,, including the rascally contractors, were non- pluBsod. The . valley had been sunk all over long .before we put down the deep shaft, and so close together.were the holes that it did not seem' likely that they could miss it. Job' thought otherwise ; for says he a day or eo after our final washing up, "Jack,, me hoy, let's see what we can do now. That thin hit o' lead run hp to high ground — and I shouldn't he surprised if she don't widen out" "But surely the people that sunk those holes would have struck it" ' " Not for certain ; any way, listen, lad. I've a fanoy that ae soon as that thin streak gets on the old level it will spread out Now what we've got to do is to dodge these blooming spielers what's been hangin' about For safety we mast mark off a olaim along side to' old 'un — but they mustn't see us, in fact, neither yoU nor me must go anywhere hear; then,, d'ye see, they'll think' it's all up, an' off they'll go. . . Bat what we ought to do is to try for an acre, or more if we oan get it, of this yei. valloy ; it's all departed, on we oan take it up as abandoned ground, see P" I did see ; and Job was a shrewder man than I had thought him to be. I- asked who he thought of taking in with us. " Well, first of all ; you an' I'll mark out six men's ground to night — an' put in the pegs where they can't he seen, under some mul lock, .or behind a bush. Then we marks , out our aero, pnta up notices, air' then applies for it in th9 usual way. As for them ae comes in— well, say your . friends over at the store; that's three ; you an' me '11 make, five ; then there's Little Jemmy and; Big Ted, that's seven ; and what do. yer say to Benny for the eighth?" Now I had no objection to Little' Jemmy who was a smart; well read, but not over scrupulous coekney ; be was a bit of a pugilist— and so, aleo, waa Big Ted, and both of them might prove good and loyal mates ; bnt as for " Benny," I confess I liked neither toe man nor bis name. " Well Job, let it be as yon say — though, candidly, I don't like Benny." Bo we went to work cautiously, and marked off onr six men's ground that night Next day we interviewed the trio of pugilists at a wellknown- pub in the town, and then toe whole crowd of us went ou the ground in a body and nailed our ' notices on trees situate at the corners of the ground we wished to occupy. Job still kept his tent standing near toe- old shaft— which we bad included in onr extended olaim — thus, when he went outside next morning to kindle his fire, he saw a. crowd of men on toe sLc men's claim. Ha sauntered down to them in hie easy going way, and found two men just starting a shaft, and among the ring standing around waa Benny. Saya Job : "Stow that, ohaps, this yer's my ground." " You be blowed ! we're 'ere fust, an' we're a-goiu' to punch 1 down a hole jisl tor Ssee what's at ther bot tom." Upon which Job asked where their pegs were ; and for answer he was laughed it. Finding matters getting serious, he called upon Benny to put iu a word but that worthy simply grinped all his enormous mouth would let him. Then Job said something uncompli mentary to Benny's 1' eyes an' limbs," and then, in stepping back to avoid a blow from bis big fist, fell into a puddle bole full of soft yellow slush. Then Job's dander riz, and yellow and greasy as he was, ho " went for" Benny. What would have happened it is hard to say only for toe arrival on the scene of Big Ted and Little Jemmy, who immediately, without in quiry, rolled into Benny , and those who were assisting him. And while they were thus engaged myself and other partners arrived, and, as a mat ter qf course, we joined in the 'itei.be. It was a rough scrimmage but no serious harm was done ; a little blood and a few braises, and possibly some torn olothes, and that wits oil. To settle matters I went for the Commissioner, who came on the ground later iu toe day, and though toe law was that the notices should be posted 8 days prior to granting, he gave us too desired area; in. We worked that olaim for many months, and by systematic and steady working mode it ptiy.VBig Ted ."and Little Jemmy to a well- known looal capitalist; very ! good' feUo w,by-tbe;bye;'a-bl assisted na materially in toe ; woirkmg by paying for extaa labour ;.m th& we bad as many as fiO men .' working at onbe. Uattera lmproved,.and:,tlie dividends were quite: respectable . Job, .oA toe strength of; it, put oh , a.unan to work his shares; and aftm. heading me all hie .. money, save a fevr. (billings— for Job had an averslbn ta banks— he . went off for a look round) the conntry. Job liked prospecting, ,';ajnd working, onr.big claim was tpo, m«hodical for ;bim. '!;( The claim still linprqjred and onr i capitalist mate offered tAJforni a oom- pany to purchase. Atiflrat I declinod, but seeing that. toe otomlwere agroo- . able, I gave, way, aAd, :as I was act ing for Job, there was nci further de lay. Each of ue received a thousand pounds down, and retaified 250 paid- up shares. . . Once more GhristmksV drew near and as my wife was!' desirous ef spending toe . . festive season in Sydney, I made arrangements to go. In Sydney _I found oongonial occu pation ; and regularly received divi dends from toe oltn,' until/one day I met my capitalist friend, who advised me to sell out. He would purchase my interest; or find' me' a) purchaser, just as I liked. I also' arranged for the pnrohaee of Job's interest, for he had left, his affairs entirely to me — though his dividends were ' paid into the looal bank. Thus, I was dear of the old claim of whioh Jpb.and I had been the pioneers. The capitalist was right, for the gold' ran out 'soon after I sold — and he had sold all hie inter ests just a day beforo'the vein pinohod out. . rv. Job was no penman, and for years I heard nothing, of' him,, though he was never forgotten in bur house. My girls, now grown up - to woman hood, remembered the . ; rough old Geordle; and we all regretted that he was not living at his ease in Sydney, as he ought to haye been. The unexpected often happens. One wet evening hurrying along George Street towards the railway station, I saw a man cross toe street, and be fore he could reaoh the side I waa at he was knocked down by a cab. I saw toe whole thing — toe. man struck, fall down on the blocks and turned over and over by .the horse's feet. Several persons rushed to his assistance, but I was first. The man was badly hurt, his legs broken, and his face bruised. and' cut. By a ray of light from a shop window I saw the face, it was Job's, I sent for my wife ; and stayed all night along side Job's bed at the hospital. It was not till "toe morn ing that he recognized me, and the poor old chap's joy was great indeed to find. some one he knew. The dootors deoided to perform no operation : he cold not live, they said, more than a few days. Could I re move him to my house? Yes, it would do him no harm. Job heard what we said and was moat emphatic in his desire to go " home," ae he called my place. I was glad of it. I had a nice home in the suburbs, and I knew that Job would feel happier among those he knew. Accordingly I employed two trained nurses, and they accompanied me' and Job home in toe ambulance. It was Christmas week, and I oheered Job up by Bayinp we were going to have a good time of it on account of bis being with us. The poor old chap amllod, the ghost of a smile it was, but he was brave and cheerful, in spite of toe groat pain his injuries gave him. On Christmas eve we had him out on the broad Bhaded verandah, on an easy couch. It was pleasantly warm; and he enjoyed the right of toe fruit and flowers in toe garden. We were oil sitting about him, rallying bim with okeerful talk and showing him the comlo pioturoe of the Beason. But Job's face was tbin and drawn, and bis voice had got alarmingly weak. "It's a matter o' eighteen years, lad, since we spent onr first Ohriatmaa together ; an' I don't caloulate upon ependin' another. . . No, Jack, I'm a gowen, an' no mistake ; an' I may jeut as well settle what little bizzi- nees I've got to do an' say all I've got to say. I ain't been fuat chop, you know, but I never robbod any body — though they've robbed me, an' would a' killed me too if I hadn't a got fuat shot." Job hereupon narrated a number of exploits, some of them wild and lawless, but all of them showing that at any rate his vices were of the unselfish order. Not withstanding, he was able . to put away in the Braid wood bank a con siderable amount of gold— over £5000, in fact. " I jest wants you to write me. a will for me to rign" he continued," "but, Jock, 1 feels preeious bod, so put it down quick. I ain't got neytoor chick nor ohild o' me own, an' nobody helongin to me. You've always been a square mate, an' kind when I was in trouble; then take the swag." I demurred ; and suggested some one else. " No lad ; but, now I think on'fc, toe bloomin' . cabby — he . cooked my goose ; but, poor devil, I deesay he was in a hurry an' couldn't help it. Don't let 'em do nothin' to him ; an' I 'spigots he's got a wife an' kids ; so put him down for a tenner. These yer young ladies too — -what have been so kind an' keerf nl "o' me, put 'era down for a £20 a piece. An' I'll like to give a few pounds to the 'orsepitul upon our old diggins, not as they ever dono anything' for me, bnt theyhev for others. And' now, lad, 1'm awfnl bad. Bat; Jack; you and toe missus an' your ' hnwep take what'a left. That's all— that'sr my wilh .Good-byo all, .'Job's agoin 'home." ' '.. \- And-, my Geordie mate's soul went to the Better Land. r ! ... Erin, Twrvpao. 