ssaas s m* : THE END OF THE GAME, , j ?. * Foa really can'troute me to tnuoh en thuriasm over the short story,* ehe said. ' I know all ^/ou would say of it,— subtile, per fect ol form, and sonnet-like in fiuiah, — 'yet I am well*' Any in an may wear ita laurels, t and I env y him not. fiat when it comes to . the literature of correspondence, then I con , fess to coveting the crown. I wonld rather haTe written a series of fascinating letters than all the short stories of the deoade.' ' 4 Do it/ said he. 4 Put . your next novel into epistolary lonn.' 4 1 might — and fail more signally ihan ever in making iay characters epeak out what is in them, tatters, of all things, mutt -be ; written from the heart. Fancy the tone ; Swift's wonld have taken if he bad been told ho most correot the proofs on some day of zeokoning V 1 Thebeart is a fiction in literature. We all know what powerful work has been done with the avowed purpose of making money, 1 aod by men who. wouldn't have touched pen I co paper without that ignoble spur/ j 'You are a pagan!' | 4 Ton are a sentimentalist — Khali that be i my retort ? No; you are simply 4 pore wo ' manly.' You can't imagine day res fulfilled ; without esthetic cringings and moral winces.' 1 'Nothing of the sort; but Idoaoknow ; ledge the concrete fact that I couldn't play dummy in a -series of letters.' * Then — collaborate.* 'With -whom? Some gifted ghost ? Pros it ... per iierimee'a P /. 4With me. We say good-by to-morrow, aftep. a charming summer acquaintance of s! 'iix . greeks. Ton leave this boteI,^and go to'your Bohemian Boston -attic. I / rtturntoNewYork and journalism. Now, let qs nrrnimn a situation. I am madly in love with you. Don't start 1 How. un dramatio yen are ! You— there my invention halts, though it is easy to see there would be no story without; an obstacle. What shall It be, your engagement or mine T 4 You give me a oboice of fetters ! That's generous. But 1 won't take the hackneyed obstacle of 'another,' thank you ! Some body always has to descend to bathos or perfidy in order to extricate himself. No; let's pretend that we are conscious of a mutual attraction, but don't in the least satisfy eaoh other's ideal of what a man and woman should be** 4 Do forgive me for saying how truly Bostonese and priggish !' 'Shall £ endeavor to be suburban and flippant? Well, there are dozens of possible situations. Take your choice. Disgrace— my great-uncle has choired the widow and orphan, and then shot himself.' 4 No drawback at all. -unless yoo get up come sort of moral scruple about returning the spoils ; and that would bore me to such aa extent that I should reply only by postal 1 cards.' 'Hereditary feud— though in that oase we should have to join hands in the regulation , manner, and satisfy tradition. My im&gi-; 1 nation is quite at sea ; you propose some thing.* ' * Consumption and insanity have been done \- to death, xou must be devoted to a cauee, and refuse to give it op for devotion to one - man. 'Hundreds of women havo ' fought, bled, mid died over that, from ?Xhe Princess' ' down. Beet «f all, why.not begin the cor- ' \- respendence, and let it determine its own ' course P 4 Excellent ! We will merely draw a heavy line under the fact that I am 'in love with yon. Remembor to write onlyon one side r: ctf the paper, won't you? Ic will save us& deal of copying.' 'Yes; and suppose we send the letters flat in large envelopes ? Then we need only number them, lay them aside, and they are ready for . the printer. Bat I predict a bar tocor perfect satisfaction in the completed work. Did you ever yet write a clevsr tiling gifonnt. .having some. .great-aunt or second conrin .accuse you of lending it from your personal experience P .* .'Never; and I anticipate what you ere going to aay. No matter how much the all-knowing public olamors for *aut∨* of cur immortal work, we will lie low and con ; ifess nothing. But if it actually does find us out, we will deiiy it the Eatiti&ciion; of de claring that our own hearts have bfea laid bare ; for I will claim the woman's part, and you shall hare the man's !' ' Clever, indeed ; but bold to a 'bragian' extent ! Well,' say what you like. I will at feast deny nothing. How often shall we writeP her flll -fnAana T T-o«r« important work coining on in December, wad T-dtould like to finish this episode of the ireart before then. By the way, remember ' to make no allusion is the letters to the fact tfiat we are playing a game. Let us drees for the part^ deceivc ourselves into all pos sible earnestness, and see what swagger ^things we can do.' ! In a month the correspondence was in foil srwing, and, omitting the letters which served as prologue, thus it ran : Hit. Your yesterdays's letter probed my armoi at a hundred points. I have loved other women, you say-; what, more or less, does it mean when I declare X love you? It is true, I have bad my dreams and passions, though I thould decidedly object to posing as that fpeciea of hero who is not only beautifully Xfyronic, but truly unwholesome. I' am tho average man, with a sense of the ideal and a poetic .imagination. Therefore have I idealized woman, and to idealize is to love. I loved my cousin May, She grew up and aw ay from me, and married somebody else. She was a bonnie bride, — God bless her!— &nd; meeting her to- day is aa commonplace as reading the weather probabilities. Two years a&te;, I wrote sonnets to a woman who obver ffueued them to be from what I am pleased to coD my soul; and this similiter, when job met me, I ™ engaged. Ton line sot mea liar, but you hare heard of her —a tfOifle, domestic creature, who would hare mads me half hapty sod sunrenuiy comfortable- flhegueesed at my havio x fled f tampon tinse l dared not trout myself r Ua xdaqm, and I am her everlasting r dehtof. ' what then t * If these things be eo,'jousay, ' what can lore meanf what v: j do foo'givejue more than ihe other.? How & I fcfaow wether the jewel Si mine own, not only to hare, bnt to hold f Tod speak like one ham yesterday, or as a child for lornly ctrayed out of Arcadia into these solid streets. Han yea y*t to letra that a relation .;' mnst i» judged, cot by its length, but by ftspedeetimf When I sat with yon those moon-fed nights, while the sea washed the xoejajftiraf feet, and we had no need of talking becsn» our thonghts tan together like tatTealyhmMs oftbe mn, what then P Do yoo ttink»noheoiDonirion« often dnp V Jk&At; IJossoitfiiidadiaiouidKote^in . cneeiniiHeiiidijarBeetheperfeetarohof ^hei«ita»jrtwJo»ta« smmi»rr 'Why will joaao fatally poll open the petals of this hesrt-flower, to sonnt the stamens, aod fa ietatowhetottitooolonBiitolhisorthat ejgbam of iilMnillinHon t *Toa kaow me — ' ,th»«»|«sgeinan. eiiohaslBm,I*mytmn. iff .IfToaxhidletige me to the eletreet troth I ' - Iteow iowto otter, 2 eeofeee ihsh J know JsM. IaisJt walkM^W%|p-wiai i»e Uiiongh Jraos'bir. sg:':-; ' -^onM me y6ai tint in Isad -vhidi theo K all fibont, ffjitt yoa mmtj greeting I : Ft. bow da f ktowf I «onld bare ; met tmyaas *ga. ? How, 3m, hunniU. ?daog^ws 4 liaBe,* j »Lf- ? mt. wisdom, jmd J see that oar ; ^ #e toited 'tests of a sight' j ?«. .i»a i ,^,1 tur'Hii. i.oa ttumcti eiuffct oimta'afaD taetio bnd i*hpc8«ifcle loyalty — a loyalty son p^cratfrd to keeping a niche vacant for you until you oome, and making life forever etekxle after you go. God knows your scheme might be a nsppy and heroio one for some unknown world, made on a different plan, bat not in this— not in this ! We are grow ing anddhangug-vrea^ires, like our brothers/ the trees.^ Year by year we put ^crth^hin ing bods^ ani^. renew ourselves 4n the- sun' and cheruhmg air. There were^blfllB in last year^^rati, I tell you plainly,; 4}nt now they are gonft.' ; Shall toy^ leaves whisper above tho poc^^litUe 'broirn idWflUujgs /with no desire to see them1 warm again with downy Life? Perish the thought !— aince change is life, and sUndstill m^ans dooay and death. You are the choice of my prima* ' Why de&y; us both our happiness because you cling-too long and closely to the dreams of youth ? BHE. When I read a letter like your last I al- ' most hate you. Fortunately— or the reverse, : ttccording as you value my . toleration~ybu ; do not fall into the Gtoethean platitude1 which would force me to remove myself forever from the risk of hearing them. You ! are not absolutely blasphemous. Ycu do nob say, in bo many words', that love is a sue* ! cession of fanoies and .phases; and so I am i sorry for you without aotiially despising you. - For, believe me, my friend, it is true that j though men do not die cf love, they should 1 think it possible. Though, if .1 deny you, in a year you will have loved again, you should be swearing to me and to yourself that, without me. in your own proper person, you die. Aud I should 1 know you would not die, and jou,wpuld know I knew it, because we are neitheroi jis at lhe morning of lite, when, one believes lhat wishing brings, tbe boon; but we. should be, a little nearer heaven than we are now. . For I, alas 1 doubt you, and you can analyze yours tit and me. So,, farewell,^— nay, rather, honest, plain good-by. May all the gods be with you, for I will not 1 You need them, and you do not need me more than another.. SB. Now, by fill the powers that rule this curious modern world of analysis and cross* analysis, or occupy .their Olympio leisure in bringing . about the madness of our day, it shall not be 'good-by ! The gods shall be with me, but -only to fight on my side, not to console me for a viotory lost. ; Poor child! you can't help .your temperament, can you P No more can X . mine. Bat yours is the geeater curse.- You jare stung by the gadfly of the ideal, and -you are fated to rage through life in search of the perfect love, a perfect lover. Diogenes himself, that prince of visionaries, might have held moderate in comparison. Ycu should have lived in a day when .-I could- have 'Vimftd your hand fcthcongh battle with a hundred knights; when your favor would Jbave had baptism erf blood, and I could ai last have oome begging home from Holy Land to die at ycur feet. You would bave canonised me then, in your maiden calendar, with the same ungle- mmdedness and fervor vthioh had inspired you. when; youbuokled on jny armor, and sat at prayer and 'jtapestry .while I fought the heathen host. And since yon are denied that narrow 'infl musty jpatii, you would fain invent wild beasts ana payslms Of the mind for me to conquer. Jmust play with you n poetic drama of love, overleap ? obstacles, end dissect my ieait.^aiid . your own, to note whether , the tissues are hwn?* geneous. And I would do' it if there ware no other way of - winning you. I am but i ? man, an actor in this merry jgameof life, and I I could well play such a pretty interlude. if needs must. But X shonld do it only under protest, as one might snatch a glove ?from the arena. B-ealities far better serve my mood, and I'd rather ait down with yoq ici one -of those flashing hoars of lightning sp9ech.than rhyme you 'love* and 'dove' by the ream, and pretend I had notxdept sinoe X «aw you last. Heaven save us! ifs.an easy part to play Listen; this is how Btrephon would woo./ou— Strephon'who Imp never loved before, and never will gaze oh . woman's face again while you and to live ; nay, who shall -be cons bant beyond the stars! 4 Lost night I could not sleep. The min utes whispered of you, ihe bourn struck your name/ (Poor methaphor ; but Strephon's metaphoifi would be poor. You find such romaniio bathos .only in combination with intellectual poverty.) ' At midnight J rose, and looked at -the 'ruwt oiling her sea of' blue. Immeasurably far' (or. do they know her distance?), 4 she was yet nearer than you; or no intelligence of the night would bring me news of you. Were you wakeful, ' and did your thoughts turn burningly tome, aa mine to you ; or did you wander lonely in dxeams whither 1 4sould not follow? .Oanoat' dear, jewel of tiw earth and desire of all.tiie winds of heaven that dare to touch your nboofr Ana snnl 'mtn nnn /-? T. ai. !? 1 Do you like it? The style is fatiguing, end the subject matter, feeble as at is, a tax on the imagination ; bat I can turn' out such stuff by lhe quarto volume, and perhaps -2 could even talk it on a rainy day, whoa you had lighted my pipe, and I was disposed, like , a bindly lord and master, to humor you. : Dofet like it, I say, and wilt have more to* j morrow? But whatever jthou wilt have, be 1 assured thai 1 will have thee from heuce* forth and— nay, I cannot say forever, 'for that would be pure folly, and an arrogance | at which fate tmUes. | 8HB« Why do I ans wer a ' letter like tint— not even earnest, but jeering at me and the holiest of my diaamsf 1 do not inaw, ex-' cept that I seem to myself so hopdesaly oiider foar inflnesoethat I cannot out this.knot at one stroke, as a more . heroio woman might . And this brings me to another reason why il should not he to yon what we both bare hoped. J hare nronsed you of . not loving me. I come xiow to. the doubt whether X in the least lore you. That you attract me, I grant yon, and that the attraction xs so strong I oan hardly withstand eran your wxHteh words, I allow with eh&me; : but that I love you— no, I am not sura of it. What have we in common? I am trying to stumble into the path of the ideal, apd you are oon tenting yourself with a daOy bariural of lnteUeotnal pasttmee, With flashing lights and glowing flowera. I want to bind my tapes to emotions that are '-imperishable, ~ and relatione that are infinite ; you are oonieat' to take the }oj of the flying Lour, and .pledge yourself to no -nunc arduous *»?'- that of making it your own.' You disappoint me ?t every turn, aad ystyoa fascinate me. As X write, the ring of your voice, the remem brance of that radiant look yoo threw me when yon -rode away, — for your eyea could laugh because the sky was blue and tile air soft, and mine were heayy with tens sfaioe I must looee you,— the very thought of your presence so mage over -me attunes thatl whimper the sir to cany you the masaasfe, fl amyonr.!' JJnt, after all, lam not. An stem, and naolute before l knew youao well ! Had you been a«, pm adriit I «y, hue w-m mej-fe 1 1 : auppoee I ehall aoue day thankisavun that yon did not choose. That Km Jonldatonln themidstaf a letterto the^rolrattyouprt^ £?f *° «ri ^interpolate » teayaty of tt Akm nel tft ns write no awre. Wiathavewtoiay ». Ste yea there are t thftnwind plaasure paths. anoe, w yott OTfa, jonhave mi Idet^ni aad poetic nature, «nd there thousands ol women foryon to idealiie. I hm bein Ufa * Um in your spectnnn of life. Ax lor ae, perhaps I cansumeday be wholly thankful that I did, thoogh with fc»aklng heart, ofaoots the fai^etti. Do Nmamhcr Qaiarrart't aalf.dajuirisg ? ^{1* i ^ v;:-.-iv4 »r-i . j Dovnu reme^r ^i|f: |la^giu iuiLfer.' turned irum Sftpnetjp*n^%lohe because he was bound to her cousin, but because the nobler part of her naturo never responded to his call P I do not court' martyrdom with these; but I ktretdi obtmy hands to them for help in ibis stfcesa ABd tronblettf .my life, that their -memoty may 'give she istrengtb. Do not ianswer fnu. 'Why shotiJd we spar with -words? Toyouttimay bo intellectdily amusing ; to me it is agony; AB. _ V. : My child,' you never ^ave me so.mBpl1 3°? in your life. You«ay X ^am faspxuating ,to , you. .. I make my lowest bow.vand respond that you. are -infinitely ^eharoing to JDfi. What more do we ask V ..Love is bat a «nb* tile , attraction, and^ there is scarcely one. chance in a million that either of us finds in another the .mjeterions spMl?likenea; or joul ? defference which -draws^uB now together. X consider myself, so to.-speafe, a saturated/ solution. (Did David Copperfield jay .that iofore jne/j I oan conceive, thai I .^night fidpre vou' out it is. not within the remole&t; possibility that -L,sball meet ^nch a 'being during the next fif *y years, and at the end of that time l jexpeot.to be dust.. , jPhspefore „wearo quite safe, and let us *basfo to the wedding. By the; w *y, I met Acnt^za beth to-day, snd told her we are io be mar ried in the 6pring, end she proposed baviug some jewels aet for yon. 1 1 could give you doEexiB ot toothtome little items like ibis; if you didn't keep me bo bus^' writing about the state ^of my sonl, or wildly defending myself from -the obarge of btivilig pneV But I implore yen as a friend, —nay, as alover, whose peace iof mind ahoald be/precious to you,— not to mix our affairs with those of bogies oht of books like ; 0uineyere sndrthe ?' Tullivers. ;Why-hdnld th^^e 3n^a] fdrth 'to dauntr me ? I shudder 'when ypti\ taciHy cbzrmBnd me to pat ba ;btukihs aroi copy some hero of tragio story. Uudhnsl' delight in your letters, 1 tell ybu franldy ! they make me nervous. I feel as if I must respond in blank Terae, and my muse baa : been bait and blind this many a year. You have criticized me tremendously, my lady, for the last three weeln. 1 am going to. retaliate, and enlarge upon your greatest fault. Neither wince nor fear me; 'Us not that you ate not fairest, virtuousest of your tcx, nut mat you nave no sense of numor. If you bad, you woald appreciate that neat little bit about Strephon ui my laBt. I con sider it a clever interpolation ; but you, be ing, as I say, destitute of humor, count it a blasphemy against the ' Unknown .Eros. {And let me tell you -that Eros; in his best eatate, doss a preoious deal of laughing. He is nut-brown and 'rosy, ''j I shouldn't wonder if he were led on strong ale and meat, instead of sweets and syllabub.) Think not, though, that I love thee less for thy foolish seriousness, for in that thou- are -the more feminine. No. woman yet ever bad a man's sense of homor without losing some essence of finenMs, £ome aroma of her eex, priceless beyond jewels- And so I do not acouse you because I wonld '-have yon other than you . are, but that *you my say to yonrself- 'Wneii | you do not approve me, 'It is because, be- : jng a man, he sees the strange, jagged edges I of events,' and the way they fit into eaoh other— the awful inoongruousness of Life ; - ha smiles over the'grim irony of the g**me, and smiles where I should pray.' You will keep on striving Sor the impossible, seeking the gold - at the end of . the rainbow ; ^and X tbali pore over the pebbles at my ,feet, in j search flf .^pme .more ?ahining than the rest, ,to build into our .garden wall, jffip wilUgll be diHerent, bat alike in that ws love eaoh other. . : . hb, (Telegcau.) Are you ill? Why do you not write? (Telegram.) I am quite well. Letter follows. can. My Friend : . My last letter tells you my ceason fqr not writing. How could you have misread it or forgotten ? J said then that we have nothing in common, and that -w^ must part. .What could I add? There. was no .need of further valedictory. Yet-ifthWe be need, let me say now that I wish you alt happiness and peace. I am your j (To be ooncladed next Week.) 