JOY - OF • CHRISTMAS By the Late REV. C. H. SPURGEON. unto iliem, Fear not, for behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, • which shall be to ell poople.—l»uko ii, 10,' . ' SHEPHERDS were keep ing thfcir flocks by niglit— '/j* probably a calm, peaceful night wherein they felt the usual difficulty of keeping their weary eyelids still uplifted as sleep demanded its due of them. On a sudden, to their amazement a mighty blaze lit up the heavens and turned mid night into mid-day. The glory' of the Lord, by which, according to the idiom of the languuge is mount the greatest conceiv able glory, as well as a Divino glorr, surrounded and alarmed them, and in the* midst of it thoy saw a shining spirit-r-'a form the like of which thoy had never beheld before, but of which they had heard their fathers speuk. and of which they had read in the books of the prophets, so that, they knew it to bean angel. It was "the angel of the Lord," that choice presence angel whose privilege it ia to stand nearest 'theheavenly Majesty, " 'mid the bright ones doubly bright," employed on weightiest \- Errikds feoh the Etebxal Tuboxe. . V The angel of tho Lord came upon them." Are you astonished that at first they were afraid?* Would you not be alarmed if such ■ & thing should happen to you? The stillness of tho night, the sud denness of the apparition, the exffaor dinary splendour . of the light, the supernatural , appearance of tho ungol—all would tend to astound them, and to put them into a quiver of reverential alarm; for I doubt not thero was a mixture both of reverence and of fear in that feeling which is described as being "sore afraid."' Thoy would havo fallen on their faces to the ground in fright, had there not dropped oat of that "glory of tho Lord" a gentle voice which said, "Fearnot." Then that voice, in accents sweet as the notes of* a silver bell, proceeded to say, "Behold. I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall bo to all people. For unto you is born this day the city ' of David a Saviour, wbioh u Christ the Lord." They were bidden to shako off nil thoughts of fear, and to give themselves up to ioy. Doubtless they did so, and amongst all mnnkiud there were none so bnppy at that dead of night as were^ theso shepherds, who had seen an amazing Bight, which thoy would never forget, and now were consulting whether toey should hasto away to gnzo upon a sight which would be more delightful still—namely, !• Tho birth of Christ should bo to all vbrislians The Subject op SursE&ie; Jot. ^ bave the angelic wumint for rejoicing wcause Christ is born. It is u truth so full . j°y that it caused tho augel to bo filled 'hh gladness. lie hud little to do with the tot, for Christ " took not on Him tho nature but Ho took on Ilira tho seed of Abraham "; but I wupposo that. tho very bought that the Creator should be linked with 8 creature, that thu groat Divisible and ..^Pptoat should como into alliance with which He Himself had txiude, caused the as a creature to feel that all croaturc^hip elevated, and this .raudo him glad. Yea, fK? werenngels at this Gospel, that when "ttoocrso was over, one angel having and givon out the Go>pel for the J) Wdaenly a baud of choristers appeared I and sang an anthem loud and sweet, that there might be a full service at the first propounding of the glad tidings of great joy. A multitude of the heavenly host had heard that a chosen messenger had "been sent to proclaim the new-born King,^ and, filled with holy joy and adoration, they gathered up their streugth to pursue Him, for they oould not let Htm go to earth alone on snch an errand. They over took just as ho had reached the last word of his discourse, and then they broke forth in that famous choral, the only one sung of angels ever heard by human below: "Glory to God is the Highest, and on earth peace, goodwill toward me . Tbus/I say, they had full service J there, was Gospel ministry in rich discourse concerning Christ, and' there was hearty and devout praise from a multitude all filled with heavenly joy. It was so glad a message that they could not let it be simply spoken by a solitary voice, though that were an angel's, but they -must needs poor forth a glad chorus of praise, singing unto tbo Lord a new song. Brothers, if the birth of Jams was so gladsome to our cousins the angels, what should it be to,us? If it made our neighbours (dug who had comparatively so small a share' in it, how -buuld it make us leap for joyF Oh, if it brought heaven down to earth, should not our songs go up to heaven ? If heaven's gate of pearl was set open at its widest, and a stream of shining ones come running down ward to the lower skies, to anticipate the time ( when they shall all descend in solemn pomp: at the glorious advent of the great; King—if it emptied heaven for awhile to malm earth so glad—ought not our thoughts and praises and all our loves to go pouring up to_the eternal gate, leaving earth awhile that we'oisy crowd heaven with the songs of mor tal men ? " Glory to the new-born King! Let us all the anthem sing, * Peace on earrh, nod mercy mild ; God and sinners reconciled.'" For, first, the birth of Christ was the incar nation of God; it was God taking upon Him self human nature—a wondrous mystery, to bo believed in rather than to be defined. Yet so it was that in the manger lay au Infant who was also Infinite—a Feeble Child Who Was Also the Ckelioe of heaven und earth. How this could bo wc do not know, but that it was so wo assuredly believe, and therein do we rejoice; for if God thus take upon Himself human nature, then j zn&uhood; is not-abandoned nor given up as hopeless. When manhood had broken the, bonds of the covenant, and snatched from the j ouy reserved tree the fruit forbidden, God j might have said, "I give thee up, O Adam, j and cast off thy race. Uvea as I gave up i Lucifer and all his host, so I abandon thee to' follow thine own chosen course of rebellion!" ! But wchare now no fear that the Lord has j dono this, fur God has espoused manhood and taken it into uuion with Himself. I know the curse has fallen upon men because they have sinned, but evidently not on man-} hood in the abstract, for elso ^ had I not Christ come to take upon Himself ] the form of man nud to be born of woman, j The Word made flesh means hope for man- [ hood, notwithstanding its fall. Iio, the Lord | bath marriod into the race,. and the Son of. God hath becorao tbo Son of Man. This is j enough to make nil,that is within us sing for joy. If a king's sou doth mnrry a rebel, then for thut rebel raoo there are prospects of re- j conciliation, pardon, and restoration. There must be ia tho great heart of the Divine One wondrous thoughts of pity and condescending love, if He deigns to toko human nature into union with Himself.- Joy for ever! Let us ttonnd the cymbals of delight, for tho incarna tion bodes good to our race. Farther, it is clear that if God .condescends to be so iutimutely allied with manhood, He intends to doliver man and to bless him. In carnation prophesies salvation. Oh, believing soul, thy God caunot mean to enrse thee. Look at God Incarnate ! What readest thou there but salvation ? God in hnman flesh must mean that God intends to set man above all the works of His hands, and to give bim dominion, according to His first intent, over all sheep and oxen, and all that pass through the paths of the sea and the air; yea, it must mean that there is to be a Hun beneath whose feet all things shall be placed, so that even death itself shall bo sub ject unto Hitn. When God stoops down to man, it must mean that man is to be lifted up to God. What joy there is in this ! Oh, that our hearts were but half alive to the incar nation 1 Oh that we did but know a thousandth port of the unutterable delight which is hidden in this thought, that the Son of God was born a man at Bethlehem! Thus you see that there is overflowing cause for joy in the birth of Christ, because it was the incarnation of the Deity. 2\. But further, the angel explained our cause for joy by saying that He who was born was unto us a Saviour. "Unto you is born this day a Saviour." Brothers arid sisters, I know who will be gladdest to-day to think that ^ Cubist Was Born a Sattoub. It will be tbose who arc most conscious of their sinnership. If you would draw music out of that ten-stringed harp, the word "Saviour," pass it over to a sinner. " Saviour" is the harp, but u sinner " is the finger that must touch the strings and bring forth tho melody. If tbou knowest thyself lost fay nature and lost by practice, if thou fcelest sin like a plague at thy heart, if evil wearies und worries thoe, if thou hast kuowu of iniquity the burden and the shame, then will it be hlios to thee even to hear of that• Saviour whom the Lord.has pro vided. Even as a. babe, Jesus the Saviour will be precious to thoe, but most of all because He has sow finished all the work of thy salvation. Thou wilt look to the com mencement of that work, and then survey it even to its close, and bless and magnify the name of Hie Lord. Unto you, oh ye who are of sinners tho chief, even unto yon, ye con sciously guilty ones, is born a Saviour. He is a Saviour by birth; for this purpose is He born. To save sinners is His birthright and office. It is henceforth an institution of the Divine dominion, and an office of the Divine nature, to save the lost. Henceforth God has laid help upon ono' that is mighty, and exalted One chosen out of tho people, that He may seek aud savo that which was lost. Is there not joy in this ? Where else is there joy if not here ? Tho angel says: "Unto you is born a Saviour." This Saviour is Cubist tub Lord, and there is much gladness in that fact. {' Christ" signifies anointed. Now, when we faiow that the Lord Jesus Christ came to save, it is most pleasant to perceive in addi tion that the Father does not let him enter upon His mission without the necessary qualification. See what an intimate mingling of the Divine and human is found iu the angel's sonsr. They sing of Him as "a Saviour," and a Saviour must of necessity bo Divine, in order to savo from death and nell; and vet the title is drawn from His dealings with* humanity. Then they sing of Him us "Christ," and that must bo.human, for only man am bo anointed, yet that uuctiou comes from the Godhead. Sound forth the jubilee trumpets for this marvellously anointed One, and rejoice in Him who is your Priest to cleanse rou, your Prophet to instruct you, and voiir King to deliver ypu. The angel further went on to givo these shepherds cause for joy by tiling them that while their Saviour was born to be the Lord, yet He was so born in lowliness that they would find Him . . . A Babe, Wrapped in Swaddunq Clothes, lying in a manger. • Isthere cause for jov there?. I say, ah. indood there is. for it is the terror of .the Godhead which keejas the sinner oftentimes away from reconciliation. But see bow the Godhead hath graciously concealed itself in a babe, a little babe—a babe that needed to b9 wrapped iu swaddling bands like any other new- born child. Who feareth to approach Him? Who ever heard • of trembling in the presence of a babe ? Yet is the Godhead there. My soul, when thou canst not for very amazement stand on the sea of glass mingled with fire, when the Divine glory is liko a consuming fire to thy spirit, and the saored majesty of Heaven is altogether over powering to thee, then come thou to this Babe, and say, " Yet God is here, and here can I meet Him in the person of His dear Son, in whom dwclleth all the fullness of the Godhead bodily." Oh, what bliss there is in incarnation if we remember that herein God's omnipotence cometh down to man's feebleness, and infinite Majesty stoop3 to man's infirmity. In yonr rejoicing this Christmas time—yea, even in your games and romping with the children—do not forget that the Lord Himself became a child, and remember also that He is our King. Now mark; the shepherds were not to find this babe wrapped in T^rian-purple. swathed in choicest fabrics fetched from afar. " No crown bedecks His forehead fab, No pearl, nor gem, nor silk is there." Oh, ye poor, be glad, for Jesus is bom in poverty, and cradled iu a manger. Oh, ye sons of toil, rejoice, for the Saviour is horn of a lowly virgin, and a carpenter is His foster father. Ob, ye people, oftentimes despised and downtrodden, the Prince of 'the democracy is born; _ Oue chosen out of the people is exalted to tho throne. Oh, ye who call yoarseives the aristocracy, heboid the Prince of the kings of the ; earth, whose lineage is. Divine, and yet there is no room"for Him iu the'inn. Behold, oh "men, tho Son of God, who is bone of your bone, intimate with all your griefs; who in His after life hungered'as ye" hunger, was weary as ye are weary, and wore humble garments like your own; yea, suffered worse poverty than you, for He was without a place whereon to lay His head. Lot the heavens and the earth be glad, since God hath so fully come dowuioiuuu. 3\. To Whojc Does Tms Jox Belong? The joy of the birth of Christ in part belongs to those who tell it, for the angels who proclaimed it were exceedingly glad—as glad glad could be. And as I thought of this I whispered to my heart, " As I shall tell of Jesus bora ou earth for men, I will take license to be glad also—glad, if for nothing el^e, that I have suco a message to bring to them." Ob, to think that I should be privileged to say to my fellowmcn, " God has condescended to assume your nature that He might save you." Oh joy, joy, joy ! , There was born into this world a man who is i also God. My heart dances as David danced before the ark of God. This joy was meant, not for the tellers of the news alone, but for all who heard it. The glad tidings " shall be unto all people." Head "all the people," if you like, for so, perhaps, the letter of the original might demand. There is not a nation under heaven i but what has a right to be glad because God ; lias come down among men. Sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem. Take up the strain, oh, ye dwellers in the wilderness, and let the multitude of the isles be glad thereof! Exalt and magnity Jehovah mat His Son, His Only Begotten, is also Brother to man kind- _ " 0 wake, our hearts,' in gladness sing! And hail each one the new-born King; Till living song from loving souls . sound of mighty waters rolls." j But, brethren, they do not all rejoice. To J whom; then, is it h joy? I answer, . To At.t. who Believe It, and especially to all who believe it as the shepherds did, with that faith which .staggers not through unbelief. The shepherds never had a doubt; the light, the angels, and the song were enough for them; they accepted tho glad tidings without a single question. In faith lies joy. If our faith can realise, we -hall bo happy now. I want to feel as if I saw the glory of tho Lord still shining in the heavens, frr. it was there, though I did nor seo it. I wish I could see that angel, and hear him speak; but, failing this, ! know he did speak, though I did not bear him. . I am certain that those shepherds "told no lies, nor did the Holy Ghost deceive us when He bade His servant Lake write ibis record. Let us forget the long interval between, and only re collect that it was really 60. Realise that which was indeed' natter of fact, and you may almost hear the angelic choir up in yonder sky singing still, "Glory to God in. the highest,' and on earth peace, goodwill' towards men.*' Mark well that, believing what they did, these simple-minded' shepherds desired to approach nearer the marvellous Babe. What did they do but consult together and say, " Let as now go even unto Bethlehem and see this thing which has come to pass ? " Ob, beloved, if you want to get the joy of Christ, C-OiXE Nille to Hue. Whatever you hear about Him from -His own book, believe it; but then say, "I will go and find Him." When youhear the voice of the Lord from Sinai, draw not nigh unto the flaming mountain—the law condemns yon, the justice of. God overwhelms you. Bow at a humble distance, and adore with solemn awe. But when you hear of God hi Christ, hasten hither. Hasten hither with all confidence, for you are sot come unto the mount that might be touched, and that burned with fire, but ye are come unto the blood of sprinkling, which speaketh better things than that of Abel. Come near, como nearer, nearer still. "Come" is His own word to those who labour and are heavy laden, and that selfsame word- He will address to yon at the last—"Come, ye blessed of My Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world." If you want joy in Christ, come . and find it in His bosom, or at his feet; there John and Mary found it long ago. Believe, draw near, and then fixedly gaze.' upon Him, and so be blest.- Amen.. 