TWO DREAMS. Bv EDSON. CAPTAIN STODDAKT joined the members of his team in the pavilion of the ground on which they were practising. He was very pale, and had a haunted look in Ins.eye. "Boys," he -said, "I want a brandy—a substantial onc, please ; I'm all broken up." After tlie brandy he seemed better, and the team breathed freely as it saw a tinge of colour return to his' tlieekis., \ ' ' "I have "had a horrible dream," he said. "I thought there ^vas a great test match on. We were to play all Australia, and were taken up in a balloon, ag^after a long journey deposited in the centre of a wfet grey plain somewhere in the heart of Australia,;"7r"-.-- ~ . " B J goshSthktid'be a bit of all right," said Storer, warmly; "no barracking a fellow there !' " Wait. The Australians were there before us ; the stumps were in, and the umpires were standing, in their places. No words were spoken, and we started play at once in a silence as deep as that of the crave. "Well, you can't complain of that," said Maclaren ; " that ought to just suit you after your growl about the row of the crowd." Sfcoddart continued aa if he had not heard. "It was awful! We seemed like a team of corpses playing eleven ghosts. All around, north, south, east and west, as far as the eye could penetrate, was nothing but a shoreless sea of sand ; not a tree in eight, not a human soul beside* OUTMIVM •eemed left in the whole world." " By Jove, Stoddy, no insults, no abuse, no shrieks. You ought to have been happy.'' " Happy ! Great Scott! it was like being lopt in some horrible country invented by Dante. \V<> played in a dreadful silence. I seemed bewitched, anil played a wonderful game, but my cleverest strokes passed unregarded, my phenomenal bowling awoke not the faintest ghost of a human cheer." " Well, but, old man, what more could you want, you know? You—" " T jiere were no pressmen, 110 people, no enthusiasm ; nothing but that maddening silence and a koowledge that our sweetest cuts were wasted on the desert air ; and there was no money in the game, not a solitary copper dam. You cannot imagine the horror of it. I awoke in a cold sweat and tren:bli!isf like a leaf. For goodness' sake, get me another brandy. They comforted him with .strong drink, and then Kanjitsinhji stepped up and wrung his hand. "Stoddart, old man,*' lie said, "I sympathise with you from the bottom oi my heart. 1 also have had a dream, and I know how you must have suffered." " Yon don't mean to say you dreamed the same dream V " Something very like it. I thought we were playing a match on the Sydney ground. An enormous crowd lined the field, its multitude of faces making a solid, sloping wall as far as I could see all round the ground. But the crowd \cas dead ! dead !! DEAD !!! The faces were white as marble and set as stern and still as if frozen, and the wide eyes fixed and staring were the eyes of the dead, glazed and unseeing. 5 " But look here, Prince,'* said M'Laren, "you're never satisfied. What more could you wai:t? You got all the respect you could wish for froia that crowd, didn't, you ?" "Hush! It maddened mc. The spectators were all in white grave clothes, and every lifeless eye wa.s fixed upon the centre of the ground, and there was not a sound from pole to pole; the world seemed stricken dumb." " Nothing to distract you, old man. I guess you knocked up a terrific score." " I did not care to score. Those silent, set faces, those wide, still eyes drove me frantic ; the silence sickened me. 1 only wanted to raise a cheer. I batted as no human being ever batted before. My strokes were miracles. 1 did deeds with the bat that would have driven men wild, and all I seemed to strive for was to win a cheer from that crowd, a word, a howl, a curse—anything, anything that was human and lifelike." "Well, you are a dissatisfied chap. I should have thought tliat that was your ideal of a cricket crowd." " I worked with the energy of superhumau despair to draw a cry from one pair of those hundreds of thousands of bloodless hps. Not a cry came, and at last the horror of it drove me from the field. The crowd opened to let me pass ; it never looked at me, it was as silent as stone. I clapped my hands to my eyes and ran—and fell out of bed on my ear. ' Stoddart wa6 wringing Ranji's hand, and there was a tear on his cheek. "I will never growl at the barrackers again as long as I live," he said. "I hope there will be a tremendous crowd tomorrow," said the Indian, "and that it will be more boisterous and enthusiastic than ever a crowd was before and barrack itself hoarse." "I hope so, old man—I hope so from the bottom of my heart!" They then linked arms and went away for another nerve steadier from the green bottle. 