Political Prods. Ami still their tongues ran on, And with their everlasting cl lck, Set all men's ears upon tlie rack. Many years ago, when Parliament was discussing the construction of the railway from Fremantle to the Eastern Districts, one hon. gentleman having cmight the Speaker's eye, proceeded to discuss the subject, and then, adjusting his spectacles, proceeded—" Mr Speaker : Sir,—I h.-ive here a few figures which will piove interesting. I find that it is estimated that the line will carry ^tuns — cuts—quars—elbes (Laughter from hon. members.) # * # We are in receipt of the following letter:—"Sacramento, Cal., Aug. 24, 1898. CLARE s WEEKLY, Perth, W. Australia.— Gentlemen,— Will you kindly forward us a copy of yi'Ur issue of June II. 1898 ? This is the issue in which an article is published from a Mr Bargigliattacking the Coolgardie Water System. Thanking you in advance for your kindness in this matter.— We are, yours very truly, Schaw, Ingram, Batcher and Co., manufacturers of steel and in n pipes, &c; " 'J he paper has been sent. # # # Morgans : I see no rocks ahead of this colony, unless they are rocks of -safety. # # # IUingworth to the Government: " Are you going to take steps to increase the population of this colony ?" Bather a heaw .ask to. impose on six men. # * # Morgans : The fact that this colony can produce a revenue of A16 per head, mote, than any other colony. on. the i.ontinent, leads to n logical deduction is that it is the best colony on the continent. # * # Morgana : It is not desirable, in the interests nf the colony, to turn a lot of civil servants out in the street. I would rather 6ee the Government end with a deficit at the end of the year than that a reckless system of retrenchment should be carried out. # * # Morgans : I prophesy that in three years after the completion of water scheme the population of the goldfields will double. IUingworth: What about the poor Murchison P Morgans : The Murchison is specially favored—even in its member of Parliament. (Laughter.) It has its wells of fresh water. • * # Morgans: If we had a population of 350,000,000 of people, like India, and a debt of £70 per head there would be ground for alarm, but with a population of 170,000 in a vast colony with natural resources like this, the CHS« is very different. * # * The member for North-East Coolgardie has an inveterate habit of playing to the gallery. Whenever he u.akes a point or interjection worth noting he invariably glances up at the Press gallery, and the reporters, flattered by the attention, straightway record it. During the intervals when he is not speaking to the Psess (and through them to his constituents) Mr "Vosper, witti commendable chivalry, addresses the more eloquent portion of his remarks to the ladies. Replying to Mr. Oldham re the Subiaco-Leederville Water Supply^ the Premier did not think.it was the duty of the Government to provide every place with water, and mentioned that even Bunbury the Blest had no Government Water supply. It is brave news to know that there is SOMETHING that the Forrest Government hasn't done for Bunbury. The elders among the Bunburians don't want such a thing, it is evident, i ossibly they look upon it in the light of other backward people, as a mysterious invention . of the Devil. # # * Some Drastic Departmental Denunciation emanated from a Fremantle correspondent in the daily paper last week. Not content, urges the writer, with retrenching the married-man*with-a-fuiiiily, the t'ublic Works Department retains the services of single men, and grass-widoweis who never intend to bring thier wives over to W. A., and who live in tents at Canvas Town, busily breeding the deudly typhoid microbe to finally finish up the unfortunate families who have been invested with that most Ancient and Ignoble Order—the Sack. # # # " Western Australian politicians (says the Melbourne " Punch ") Beems to consider regulation BB to Sunday trading better than ineffectual prohibition, tn the West publicans are permitted to open their hotels for two hours, one in the morning and an hour in the afternoon.". The above is about on a par in the way of accuracy with general information on matters Westralian furnished by the todthlesj 8uielbourne ancient. We are glad to hear it. So :— " Next Sunday we will quench our thirst at morn and dewy eve, Quaff Swan XX and nibble counter lunch ; Should our pretty little story the policeman disbelieve, We will quickly prove we're right."—vide- " Punch." # # # We understand that the owner of the premises in Wellington street, occupied by two French prostitutes who were fined the other day, is a Mr Traylen, formerly ai> M.L.A. and city councillor for Perth, and who, a couple of years ago, was sent Home by the Government to lecture on the agricultural resources of the colony. Mr Traylen is evidently nothing if not a patriot. # * * Reported that a certain newspaper in a goldfields town, long in charge of a Government official, is now owned by a " retired " civil-servant with Parliamentary aspirations. * * * IUingworth (Estimates) : Notwithstanding all -the remarks 'that-pass—the usual kind of remarks which float from one side of this House, and in every House of Parliament, about certain individuals in opposition desiring to usurp the seats of the Ministry upon the|other side—yet there is not a man in this House to-day, and, perhaps, I might say out of it,- who is now ambitious to take the seat of the Premier,, and take up the duties which lie before the Treasurer of this country in the next few years of its history. But I think I am safein saying that there are members of this-- (the Opposition) side of the House, members sitting behind the Government, and members sitting in both corners of this Chamber, who, while they do not desire a change of Government, do desire a change of policy. # * * IUingworth (re Wainscot's speech) ? There is not a man in the country who is worse able to judge of the fiancial i osition of the country than is the man who has constantly to do with bankrupts, for I say the very business with which he is connected leads him necessarily to see only the seamy side of commercial life. It reminds me of what Robert Buins said in regard to character : We see things by which men fall. But not wlmt is resisted. And the Official Beceiver in Bankruptcy sees only the people that break down in business, but does not see, and hns nooccasion to see and know the strong financial men of this country, who are fighting their battles and paying their debtshonestly. Therefore, I say, it is therankest .presumption for any ..juan, .whose extent dTview" is limited'by what he seesfiom the steps of the Bankruptcy Court,, to give an opinion of any kind upon the finances of a country. * * # Mr Oldham (to Sir John): You pulled through the bicyclist who came the? other day, I suppose ? The Colonial Treasurer: If I did not, L showed him the way 20 or 30 years ago. Bravo, Jack Forrest! * # Thus the " Bulletin," (3C degrees of latitude out, as asctal): "The-Westralian. Assembly was counted out the other day. The members were unanimously absent,, watching two legislators bash ana pummel .each other at the back of Parliament House, .and Gabriel's trumpet wouldn't have raised a quorum just then." • • # * From the Norton >Meagher policecourt debate: Meagher: Supposing I was standing infront of him, waR it not possible for that injury to be inflicted on the temporal bone without touching the ear ?—Yes ; if Mr Norton turned round. Norton. And if I stood on my head I would have got the blow somewhere else f Meagher: In that case you would possibly have got concussion of the brain ! * * * Obit. — Crimean veteran Patrick Kelly, who arrived in this colony as an Imperial Pensioner in 1861. Mr Kelly wasatjtached to the 20th Foot, a regimept that distinguished itself throughout the Crimean campaign. He held a Crimea medal with the four clasps of Sebastapol, Balaclava,. Alma, and Inkerman, # * also a * Turkish medal. Traylen, the ex- Wesleyan minister,. &c.;, &c.;, gave a lecture in the James-street Bchool some time ago on "The Air We Breathe." As a further effort to enlighten the youthful mind wc would suggest as a subject for the same philanthropist "People We Live Amongst—Especially Our Tenants." The Subiaco ratepayers intend having a Water Supply. At a meeting there on Monday evening a resolution was, carried, requesting the Premier and Public Works Piesse to come out and inspect this marvellous township, which is, according to its residents, the greatest revenueproducing locality in the colony. "We are all married men who have brought our families over and bought land, and built our own houses here; the very people Sir John is so anxious to get in the country •crowed one of the speakers. Another orator said simply : " If Sir John does nob •care to come out here and meet 500 people, we will just inform him that the 500 people axe coming in to Peithto see him." And another urged immediate action: " If we have to borrow money, or 'purchase money'." Here the "shop" came out unconsciously. He's a laud agent. Thus OLD HANNANITE in the " Kalgoqrlie Miner " : " In the beginniug of 1894 when a good deal of the rough had been taken off Coolgardie and the residents could wash their hands and faces fairly regularly, ^ the political agitators began to put iu an appearance. Such men never take the initiative and become pioneers, their r61e is to follow up when there is a little comfort about so that they may have full scope to agitate. They immediately rounded on the Government for not having a sufficiency of water in the town, and were amazed at having to pay a shilling a gallon for water as they probably never paid a penny for it before in their lives, and were familiar with long sleevers at threepence each. The Government were also denounced for not at once hurrying up a railway to Coolgardie, and altogether their actions were on a small scale on a p&r; with the present political agitation. - Mr Vosper appeared on the scene at that time, and I can see now in my mind's eye large posters in conspicuous positions,bearing the words, 1 Vosper speaks to-nigbt!' meaning that he would settle the question in one act as it had the stamp of the Delphian oracle about it. The agitators reminded one of the globe-trotters, who pay Australia a flying visit and have the impudence to tell us how we should be governed." Oldham : " What this colony wants is additional capital." Yes, and that's just what some of the mob legislators of the Assembly are trying to prevent her from getting. Col. Sec. Randell is developing into a humorist. Speaking on the Riparinn Bights case, he argued that as only common sense was required it was not necessary to take'it before judges. •y ,-r , During the, past 12 months the Trades and I abor Council has.. used an office that has b^en. placed at their disposal by Mr B. 0. Wood, M.L.A.,.tor the purpose of getting the electoral claims of the workers filled up. Mr, Wood is evidently a friend of labor of the best kind— the non-spouting. Oldham : " Why had the Government not cirried out the scheme when they hadthe financial world at their feet, and could hnve borrowed money on their own terms ? " Why didn't someone carry Oldham out before he had time to make a political ass pf himself by vilifying the country ? .,:•... The hon. Alfred Deakin'e vic^ is his versatility; but for the all-roiindness of his ;• abilities he would have attained greatness (says a Melb. paper). Evqn^now, witji politics languishing for the lack of just such a man, Alfred Deakin is, beguiling his. days witlh general reading in' metaphysics, poetry, theology, and philosophy. He. seems to need outside stimulus forcing him to become Premier. * * *•" Mr Charles Huenerbein, of Sydney, offered Madame Melba sensational terms for sixteen concerts in Australia. He pledged himself to place .£3200 in tljfe Savings.. Sank to the trust account of.jSjr •< George Dibbs and her own nominee. Madame Melba was required to give 16 concerts, including four (if desired) at .£200. Additional concerts on the same terms -were to be by mutual agreement. Prior to each concert Madame Melba was to draw to £200 from the trust account. This was practically £400 a concert, but evidently did not satisfy the prima donna. Her reply ran, "Impossible ; regret." . At the last meeting of the Fremantle Roads Board Mr Alex. Matheson, M.L.C., wrote suggesting that, as £500 would probably be placed at the board's disposal, it should be utilised to the road to the Canning Bridge, as that road " will form the only means of access for the people of Premantle to reach the new Zoological Gardens, which are now on the point of completion." The chairman, however, did not think it advisable that the whole of the sum mentioned should be spent on the road to the Melville- park Estate, and other members of the board ridiculed Mr Matheson's proposal. In consequence of this rejection of the suggestion of the Philanthropic Mr Matheson by the Brutal Board the wretched inhabitants of Fremantle will not be able to get to the Perth Zoo with any comfort, and Melville-park, which evidently* thirsts for Government assistance, will be neglected! By-the-bye, who owns Melvillepark ? The Premier: If anyone , wanted to know what the Government and the Parliament—he would even include the hon. members o^osite (laughter)—had done during the last seven years he would, in the words of Sir Christopher Wren's epitaph in St. Paul's, say, " If you seek a monument look around." • More Scripture from the Premier : " Like as the ships of Tarshish of old used to come in laden with uierchindise, so they would have ships coming into Fremantle heavy-laden, and looking at that and the increase in the gold output, he was one of those who were not going to despair of their country, and he took what he thought was a reasonable view of it." The satirical style of the late Sir George Grey is illustrated by an incident narrated by a journalistic authority in New Zealand. The great public services of the ex- Governor^ ex-warrior, and ex- Premier had been acknowledged on his retirement from politics in vigorous and earnest speeches amongst both principal sections iu the House of Representatives— some speaking because they feared him and were glad of his retirement-, others because they loved hira as much as a dog loves his master. The prorogation speech had been read, the members had gathered their papers together, and in the lobbies political friends and political foes were bidding each other good- by. Into their midst came Sir George Grey and another prominent man, Mr. Pyke. . Sir George (shaking Mr. Pyke by the hand): " Goodby, Pyke, old fellow; we may never meet again. Pyke—"Oh yes,f Sit George; it' we don't meet in this world" we shall in the next." Sir George (with a quizzical look and a gradual contraction of the left eyebrow, but in slow and apparently earnest tones)—" I—hope—not—Pike—old— fellow !" Both parties to the colloquy are dead now. The Ministry of Sir Gordon Sprigg at Cape Colony must have a peculiarly tough " hide." Though actually defeated by two voles on a no-confidence motion, it refuses to resign unless beaten on its budget. "Kruger was a ' brick' compared with some of the members of the Western Australian Houses of Parliament."— Mr C. E. Jones at the " Political fteforui " meeting. By the way, Who is Mr C. E_ Jones ? James : Why should they give way to this whining cry for cheap labor—to this desire for the introduction of n class which would end with the Premier going about cap in hand, and soliciting the votes of the Chinese—for it would coiue to that —a kind of local Li Hung Chang. (Laughter.) You could not have a condition in which you had one ruce occupying the position of employers and another race holding the position of employees. No country had ever been able to do it without degenerating into a slave-owning country. He implored members not to give way to these whining cries from men who were too mean to employ laborers of their own race, and who a few years ago never employed Asiatic labor. Mr Forrest: They had the natives then. Mr James: Then where are the natives now ? Why not employ them. Mr Forrest: They have died out. Burges, M.L.C. : " Already the codlin moth is in the colony." And a little later Hackett, M.L.C.: "The .codlin moth is close at our door." The muchabused insect made a bee-line to the office of the " West Australian," presumedly. There was a arm in the House of the Fogies, Which prevented a somnolent snore, By the news of the Biggest of Bogies— The Codlin Moth close to the door. James on Colored Labor Bill: The Bill was not wanted by the people of the colony. It was the slave-drivers of the colony who wanted it, the slave-drivers ot' the House aud outside it, the men who • paid 5s. a day, who sweated and ground down their men. He would oppose the Bill. Burt said that the lion, member who last spoke was wrong in saying it was a question of wages. It was a question of labor.—Just so.: CHEAP Labor. At an open-air meeting in Wellington street last night, Mr C.E. Jones hurled this Dreadful Declamation from the Globe balcony: "As far as legislation was concerned, Western Australia was probably the most 'God-forsaken place under the sun.' (Laughter.) Paul Kruger was a brick compared to some of the men in the Western Australian Parliament, for lie was |not ashamed to announce himself the tyrant he was, while in this country there was the talk of freedom, but the people were not pract cally free." And yet he can hold forth in this way to about a thousand of his fellow slaves in a public street, without a fear of being handed, drawn, and quartered, or eveu iirrested for lese majeste. What more CAN he want ? The latest news in the Di eyfus case, the discovery that Esterhazy is'a German spy, one link more in the chain by which Teutonic influence has grown, and continued so powerful in Western Europe, is liiii d.y surprising after the way in which »he astuteness of General Cavaignac has been ^questioned in regard to his general conduct of affairs at the Pari6 War Office. For Esterhazy's triumphant misrepresentation would be only o.ne of a series of cards which a Government with a part to piny like that of Berlin, and as unscrupulous in playing it, would combine to bring beneath the iron Teutonic heel which it was employed in advancing. It makes, however, the position of poor Dreyfus, eating his heart out in an iron cage at Cayenne, an additionally pitiful one. If he were guilty the expatiation and punishment would - be sufficiently hard to bear, but innocent, and knowing that his absence from Paris would give his country over to her enemies, the experience must be maddening. Yet it is all of a piece with recent Bjsmafckian revelations, and the opinion that astute statesman-warrior gained early in the war of wits, as well as of the war of arms, of the miserable calibre of those who were pitted against him. The fabric of Government which has been the successor of that which was overthrown at Sedan does not bear even that poor comparison well, and the liet of marshals who succumbed one by one before the German invasion is repeated in those who are now exposed and disgraced in this Dreyfus affair. The revulsion of feeling should be terrible if ever the nation comes fully to a sense of what has been done, and to the knowledge of those who did it. Humanity call 8 out for a new trial for Dreyfus, but who is to enforce it ? It is rumored that some startling . evidence will be forthcoming at the investigation by the W.A.T.C. of the appeal lodged against the decision of the Canning Park T.C. in connection with the protest against the horse Chance. Daily paper ad.: rj.IRL wanted, used to Florist trade, must be good at making up Apply, etc. It ought not to be a difficult matter to secure the services of a girl "good at making up." We have received a copy of an excellent collection of poems, "Along the Boad to Cue and other Yerees," byAndree^ Hay ward, better known as " Viacor" of the * Geraldton "Express." The poems have appeared from time to time in that journal, and it is with a good deal of pleasure that we welcome' them collectively in a more permanent form. They are written _ in the distinctively Australian style which' originated (according to the Turner- Sutherland authority) with John Farrell, and WIIP adopted with such oomplete success by A. B. Paterson <" Banjo 5 '), Henry LawBOn, and others whose poems have moBtly appeared for the first time in the Sydney " Bulletin." The historical value of several of the poemB is unquestionable, M they describe in a few deft touches "the roaring days" of W.A., when the.great infusion from the East took place, a period yijpiiy different from thiB weak piping tupe' of Piesse. v We think this perod unique in the annals of this colony, and fear we shall ne'er took on it's like again. Therefore, • suchgems as " The. Ageof Jarrah," " Re- ^cxipmBition and Requiem, and " The Bnetr t)lSeptimus Burt," will always bring those times again before us, and must live .as faithful records of the amalgamation of the T'othersiders and the Old Residents of this Western Land. The collection is up to date in every particular, a poem. " The Riot Where No One was Hurt," referring of ootirse to the Kalgoorlie fraoae being included. We venture to assert that no one will cavil about the truth that:—- "You'd have thought from the published accounts of the fray - Bed Hill had broke loose in Kalgoorlie that day. And that scores had been trampled to death in the dirt In that terrible riot—where no one was hurt/' And the author does not forget to give to hiB local man a notice:— "And swift to J. Forrest their messages My God,' we are proud of such heroes as you." . • • Though the lyrics are mostly in the humorous vein so beloved by Australians, the writer shows much capacity forserious work, '* Sunset and Moonshine," " Westralia—Two Sonnets," " The Other Side," aQd " Beneath the Southern Cross," amply proving that the author has a soul on a much higher plane than that of a mere political lampoonist. His lash for such humbugs as the explorer (P) Calvert is a good one, and he wields it well* and though it is impossible for all the poems in nuch a collection as this to be of equal merit, we feel confident that the success of the series is assured, and that the modesty of the author in his commendable short preface is the modesty of merit. CLTDE writes: There is evidently an air of mystery in connection with the fabulous wealth of our North-West district. The "famous" Frenchman, Bougemont,was not the first to bring the auriferous nature of the country to public notice. In 1863 I had the honor of. accompanying to W.A. in the good ship Clyde a man, who shortly afterwards made himself famous. For various reasons we occupied different portions of the ship -on the voyage, my youth preventing my obtaining a very intimate or personal acquaintance with him. He was a German, by name Willmann. Shortly after his arrival he made it known to the governor of the day (Governor Hampton) that some years previous he had been wrecked on the Nor'-West coast, and that in his wanderings he had discovered gold! He said if permission were given him he would' point out the place. In 1864 Governor Hampton caused Mr W. Onslow's schooner New Perseverance to be chartered to take Willmann to Camden Harbor. A dozen military pensioners, well armed, were among the party, as was also among others, Mr Buck, a well-known resident of the city, who at the time waB connected with- the police force* Soon after landing at Camden Harbor Mr Willmann did a " git," and was lost to view for a considerable time. Subsequently Willmann was captured by Buck and his black tracker, and taken back to the ship, where . the military guard under Sergt. Ahern presented arms on his stepping on board. Willmann was put in irons and brought back to Fremantle,. and lodged in his FOBMER PLACE OF ABODE. Probably there are some old colonists who can continue Willmann's history fiom where I am forced to leave off. The hoax was a costly one, and is prob&bly; one without parallel in the history of the Australian colonies. Gold HAS been found at Nor'-West, but was Willmann truthful, or was his dash for freedom his main object in suggesting that the Nor'-West possessed a belt of auriferous country. John Collins, the astute Yankee who lanned and carried out the resoue of the P'enian prisoners from this colony, had Qary a fly on him. When the whalebo&t;, containing the escapees, was being shoved off Bockingham Point to join the Catalza waiting in the " Boads," Collins threw the following letter, attached to a billet of wood, on the beach : " To His Excellency the British Governor of Western Australia.—This is to certify that I have, this day (17th April, 1876) released from the clemency of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, Qupen of Great Britain, &c.;, &c.;, six Irislunen condemned io imprisonment for life by the enlightened and magnaminous Government of Great Britain for having been guilty of the atrocious and unpardonable crime, known to the unenlightened portion of mankind, as ' Love of country ' and 'Hatred of Tyranny.' For this act of 'Irish assurance' my birth and blood beipg my full and sufficient manner, allow me to add that :— In taking my leave now, I've only to say A few cells I've emptied (a sell in its way), I've the honor and. pleasure to bid you good day, From all future acquaintance, excuse me, I pray." The struggle for existence in London jbriogsto\light" some strange devices for obtaining that priceless boon—hard , graft. One of these is the practice of dyeing grey hair a more youthful color. There are so many applicants for the one job that a grey-haired person. (prematurely or otherwise). doesn't stand the ghost of a show, thus the use of' hair dye is, to some of these unfortunates, as necessary aB eating. In the East End several chemists, it is alleged, concoct a cheap compound, and sell large quantities for this purpose. Thus all the poetical nonsense about the honorableness of grey hairs gets so much of the stuffing knocked out of it that C&AKE;'S . can't refrain from chanting a melancholy melody, A minor, please:— . " But though you're growing old, John, Your locks are like the snow ; Tou can dye your nob, and get a job, John Anderson, my Jo." In a Perth church last Sunday, the solo, sung by a member of the choir, was "Consider the Lilies, how they grow." Strangely enough, when people carry out that precept on Sundays, the same church is down upon them, tooth iand nail. Surely the injunction does not refer to thoBe lilies that adorn the place of worship referred to—in flower pots. From " Hongkong Press ": The Shanghai magistrate haB issued a proclamation warning his people that there will be an eolipse of the moon—" eaten-up " is the phrase—and calling upon all loyal citizens to help him in making as much noise as they can " to rescue the devoured luminary." " The question is" whether the Great Australian Adjective is considered by law as obscene Jang widge. Recently, a youth was charged with embellishing his discourse with this popular expression at Eddisbury Petty Sessions, Cheshire (Eng.) His counsel (a solicitor named Brassey) contended that the word was, on the authority of a clerical authority, an old B.C. .expression of emphasis, otherwise " By (?ur Lady," and waB not, in consequence, by any means obscene. This convinced the Bench, and the youth waB discharged. Australians will have to look out for a new word. BUNBURY writes: /Picture to yourself 12 bullocks attached to ap , immense plough ploughing up the boulders -which were laid as a SUBB. FOUNDATION . the foraner street, which ;originolly was. SANDin Victoria-street,' and having those largestones broken small, spread, and clHy -ott the top of half this street, and; you can: guess tbe puddle on pne h&lf; and sharpstones on the other half. The Councillors - and Town Clerk (sapient folks!) have £6,000 to spend, and they are doing'it,: and as a transaction of benevolence it • Employs some. 30 men stone-cracking—misappropriation of cash is nothing—and the ratepayers have thiB consolation in the-, near future of 2s 6d in the £ being levied. The Czar's disarmament scheme ha* caught on, and signs.of this consummation: devoutly to be wished are visible on every hand. A Murray-street Chow exhibits a sign bearing the legend " Hang War." It is not generally known that though a man may marryhia deceased wife's sister in this colony, , he may not marry his deceased brother's Wife. This is. the law as stated by the Crown Solicitor in a case heard in Perth some months ago.. In the garden at Fairlawn, Busselton, formerly owned by jColonel Molloy,.. and: mow the residence of Mr Richard Gale, there is a magnificent.:willow tree;. 12 feet in circumference ht its base, plantedrin : 1862 as a slip from the funeral willow growing over the grave of Napoleon at St. Helena. 