A WEIRD NIGHT IN MANDALAT. It had been a hot and dusty day in April, when no one remains in Mandalay who can help it, and even 'ftteclub in the gilded palace grows dull as one'thinks longingly of the approach ing water-least **d the wet weather 'that it should inaugurate. Even.es the buggy whirled along the wide straight streets that seem so strangely out of place in an Eastern city, ithe air was not only stifling but ifaurning, and the only promising spot sseemed the wide cool moat, forbidden, alas ! since the English began to drink out of it. Early in the day, in prowling round the native quarters, studying ?colour and smelling ' ngapee,1' iferead ling my way through the markets and :temples, I had lighted on a monk, who, 'having been educated in a nassMB school, spoke EnglisV Spate and gautffc of frame, his strafcen eyes in ?cavernous sockets peering, as it were, from 6ome centre of meditation ; his 'fingers and limbs more like a half ?clothed skeleton than parts of a living Tjeing. So when I found that he not only spoke my tongue, but made me welcome for the comparative cool of the might, I accepted with pleasure his invitation. The sun had but recently set, *nfl tfte ?darkness was not .yet complete when my :ghariset down its tare w&wieiempte; ?door. As I heard it rut&ble; away and ?entered the shadowy precincts, I wondered what lay before me. One or ttwo indistinct figures still laitered abort at their worship, but otfeerwist all was still, and the giawt figures of Buddha all round had been so well watered that ?day that the place felt quite cool, almost chilly, after tlie dry air outside. As I entered the cwtrtyard it was with no small relief that I heard the voice of the monk, and perceived him coming * ? ]„ ? „ fAn in truiatfrMr tiinft wit.h Orientals one is doomed so often to ?disappciwtment. «? So you have really come ! I am jglad to see you 1' ' And I to be here.' ' Well, come and sit under this tree, where we caw talk unhindered, for there won't be many more come to-night, and we have much ta discuss.' So we sat down together, he ia the -uuMilinr RuriHese nosture between kneeling »ud sitting, his feet tucked away to one side, and I in the more familiar -cross-legged style. We ?satpn * species of pl*tform of canes arovod a -well-leafed treeJtraok in the centre of the temple courtyard, for there was no ?uonasterv |m»per fcere, and mjr friend Dived alone. From the first we wwei« sympathy with one another. I wanted *o know what he really believed, what his hope was, and if he knew fear; ta know the religion of Buddha, that ./wtnfi.nie th» friMtrat number «f wt fellow-subjects. I felt it was aot sufii ?cient t® perose the works of Eastern or Western scholars, least of all their poetry ; I wanted n«t only t« see it ia practice, bwt to hear frow living lips ?what siucere Buddhists thiuk. My errand having been made clear in the morning, no time was lost in -QomiBg to quarters, and note-book on lenee I was soon at work interrogating ?-bim. ' Why do you live kere «Ioae f J commenced. 41 Because the monks ia Burma are not sincere. Once, perhaps, they were, in India anS Geylon ; but not here, and in China certaMy ?«*. They *» uot Veep tVe precepts, so I excommunicated ?them. I «? -»'y ? novice, for whom there are bat 10 rales, whereas for the *nonk there are 23, only possible to rosily good people who desire to leave this world for Nirvana.' 41 Do you believe in spirits ?' ' Of course I do — in Nats — because they are real, living things with forms 4ikc men, bat bigger and more powerful. Once in India and Ceylon ?the good Nat* 'Came down to earth, but not now, only the bad ones oome stilly they wre always ^n ?earth.' ' ffave y«% ever seen tJhem !' 'Yes, I have seen gliosts Myself. Some years ago in this place I saw ?one. I saw it sitting quite near me — a roan whom I had known when living. I saw him there,' aa with* gaunt finger he pointed over ray shoulder to the corner of the yard. His tones were so intense, his gesticula tions so rapid, his evident sincerity so marled that I felt almost scared. A dismal bell which some belated worshipper had struck feard by gave me quite a start, and when the moon peeped between the clouds and lit up the white-washed walls and pagodas and idols it deepened both the shadows and the weird impression of the scene. I was glad when he proceeded 5 ' Did lie speak J No, they don't speak, but other ghosts there - are whose voice is heard. This one did not move. When I was a layman I saw a ghost, but only shadowy, exactly of the colour of a photograph, but as a statute, with form. It was at mid night. Europeans -«tan't believe in 'iiosis, tnougn mere are gnests. «x is important to know this for t'he truth's sake. And there are many witches in Burma who make women and children old and young. They make f-eople cry, they make people dead, they make people mad by their witchcraft. It is an evil craft.' ' Now, in your religion, -le yec believe that there is a God 1' 'In our religion there is no Everlasting God. From one to four Buddhas have become gods, but not everlasting : in different worlds. In some worlds one, in some two, in some three, in some five. On this four now, and one to come. In others there is no Buddha. They live for some years, and then they are annihilated. Tiie spirit is entirely annihilated, --and has no more existence. Buddha's awcnpies aiso Become gons, out not an, mAy those called Yahanda.' ?' Where did this world come from, then?' ' By itself it came ; it had no maker ; and no end of other worlds, too, same peopled by celestial beings, or geed Nats, and some by men. They came from former worlds. The very beginning of any world even our Buddha could not tell. There is no written account of the very beginning of any world, or of the very beginning of any being.' 44 But how do yon account for the way all things round us work together «o well 3' 'That is for the interest of the beings, b«t E cannot say how, because even Buddha himself did not tell. For the use of the being this sun, this moon, these stars fit in, fertile interest of all beings. Just how, nobody Ihamh* V#»ii con tlitt mnitn niur lie Knows. iuu acts i/itc ihuuu utci uo now ; it moves by itself, by airy force. No one moves it, nor the sun, nor the stars. No one directs them. If I move my hand or yours it is the power in «e; there is no such force except in themselves. Whence did they get it 1 I have told you, for the interest of the world, for the interest of the being.' ' I agree to that ; bat what causes them to move f' ' I have said there was no maker — they came of themselves, and will last as \ons as the world, and after they and it have disappeared new worlds will come again.' ' Do you pray J' ' Yes ; to Buddha. All Buddhists pray to Buddha.' ' [s lie then a god J 11 Yes ; but not living.' ' How can be hear, then.11 ' He cannot hear ; but the prayer does good to hint who prays. All prayer comes from a good heart. In every nan's heart there conies a wish to do good to others or himself — that tbe work of a good heart is the main thing. Through it we can become good celestial beings, and can get better existences in future lives. Through the work, also, of a bad heart men become lower beings in after ex istence. These are the points of Buddhtstiu. Let me explain also that through very, very bad hearts men have to suffer the punishment in hell ; and through very, very, good hearts men may have special enjoy ment in this world and in heaven — tlie worms lnnaoitea oy gooa ceiesnui beings. Hell is inside the earth ; bad people go there immediately after dnath, but some go into animals. On this earth Men are not punished on acosant of bad hearts, but the natural law really punishes in after existence. — Mr. Bodgett Meakin in the Pall Mall Gazette. 