Che Clink orMK Gold. The Wesleyan Methodist Church of Victoria "would perhaps resent being called a financial institution, and yet in some phases of its life it is nothing else. It has been talking much about its financial burden lately, but it is very disingenuous over it. It's rather a well accepted maxim that confession must precede repentance, but the last thing the ministers will confess is that they have tampered too much with the worst kind of finance. Total debt of this Church in Victoria and Tasmania is £280,267, paying an average interest of 6 per cent. This payment does not represent the cost of management. Salaries, expenses, and everyday costs are separated. It is the capitalised debt of the Church ; the capitalised burden, in the main, of poor hardworking people, and it is too heavy for them. The division of this burden is also ridiculously disproportionate. Melbourne North district has a debt of £99,411, and increased their debt through the three bitterest years of the Vic. depression by £10,864. This is carried by 22,045 people, a capitalised debt of nearly £5 a head. Melbourne South also has a debt of £106,380, which has also been increased during the lean years by £6,822. There are 16,465 people to carry this : nearly £7 per head. This pair account for £205,791 of the capitalised debt, leaving but £74,476 for the rest of Vic. and Tas. This disproportion is not due to the greater importance of Melbourne either. Melbourne has big city churches, big debts, but they do not represent the strength of Methodism—that is in the country. The Ballarat and Geelong district has only a debt of £21,224, resting on 20,684 people. Just a pound per head, as against the unbearable burden of Melbourne South. More than that in '93-'96 this district wisely reduced its debt by £3,473. The Bendigo district carries a debt of £14,105 on the shoulders of 16,556 people, but they reduced their liability in the three years to '96. These figures show the financial drain which the Victorian producing districts have been subjected to during late years. It may be argued that what the Churches do is nothing to the people. But the writer believes otherwise. This drain is from the simplest, the hardest working, and the soundest part of the popijlation, and is a cancer on the national life. At a recent Wesleyan convention one speaker- asked for more spirituality from the ministers. THE CRITIC asks for more human kindness to the people, whom the ministers are crushing-with debts. The financial indebtedness of this Church shows how badly it is crushing its members. Evidently many Wesleyan ministers about Melb. were bitten with the boom mania, and their congregations are now suffering for their follies. • Might stand as a business axiom, "When one is in a hopelessly bad financial position the only resource left is cheek." Evidently that is what Mr. Edward Langton, head of the Mutual Store (Melb.) thinks. The Mutual is about the worst specimen of a co-operative store that it is possible to imagine. The Equitable, which started as a co-operative concern about the same time, has decently buried itself in the enterprising firm of George & George, but the Mutual goes along pretending to be a successful " mutual " trader, but it is a very shallowpretence. Where the impudence came in with the Mutual was in trying to trade off its high mortgages upon the public for long-dated and low-interest debentures. What sort of lunacy the directorate imagined the gentle public possessed of to take over these mortgages cannot be conceived, but no other than a mad population would think of doing so. The announcements, though put in such a way as might be expected to catch the unwary investor, failed badly, and wild horses would not drag from the chairman the sum offered for the debentures. Was anything offered at all ? After all, there is nothing like experience to qualify a director to run such a place as the Mutual Store. And the aforesaid Langton has had sufficient experience to sink any ship. His chairmanship of the Standard Batik is enough to qualify him. He has at last, however, probed the depths of the public gullibility. By the bye, Mr. Langbon is also a director of the National Mutual Life Association. The Standard Bank! and then the Mutual Store ! ! is sufficient to make one sniff. There is no doubt about the immense figures which the New York Mutual Life Assurance advertises as its profits. Just on £7,000,000 surplus over liabilities is almost appalling. Of course the spreading of business means the spreading of risks, and one assuring in an American concern becomes practically an American, so far as the payment of his policy is concerned. Anyway, the New York pursues only an ordinarily prudent course by creating a special reserve fund of three millions by calculating 3 per cent, as their earning rate of interest. It is doubtful even if % 3 per cent, is not too high for absolutely liquid assets, for the rate of interest, outside trading, shows more and more a tendency to fall to almost nominal rates. More important question for Australians assuring in Yankee cos. is that they practically cut themselves off from the control of their own money. The certificate of the State department of New York may be alright, but what means are there for testing it ? As to State certificates and valuations, well, even in Australia we have seen how those can be got. Great as are the resources of the Mutual of New York they would break up under a Civil war, and even a Spanish war might bring thein down, seeing that 22 millions are held in national and municipal bonds, Why doesn't the New York follow the Equitable in the matter of its two splendid buildings in Sydney and Melbourne, and give similar hostage to Australian policy holders ? That is the only fair treatment open to the Mutual. City people are asking, Why does not the Australian Mortgage and Deposit Bank give up the ghost like the other hopeless concerns that have gone under 1 Co. has too little capital to do any good whatever, and its borrowed money and deferred deposits can only be used by practically repudiating interest. It is a pitiful thing to see this institution masquerading as very solvent. Not only that, but it is just as well that Vic. should see the last of the mortgage bank boom. Re revelations of S. A. Rechabite Secretary Kitchen's defalcations : Where were the auditors of the society from 1894 to October, 1897 1 The defalcations began in 1894, and, by October, 1897, amounted to close on £3,000. Again, Where were those auditors? The officials employed someone else to make the special audit. Should rather think they would. Ex-produce department-manager Ebdy, whose value the present soulless Government failed to grasp—faddist Cockburn not wanting brainy independent men in his department—is doing far, better now outside with Legoe (late of Geo. Wills & Co.), and Geo. Wilcox as partners. Firm is energetically exploiting the export trade to London. TOM PLAYFORD IS COMING HOME. • Farewell and good riddance to all my greatness." 