In The Grasp of a Madman. (By Jack Rugby, in tbe Adelaide 'Obeerrer1. ' And whit time do yon expect to be home to-night, Jaokp' queried Meg. te ebe made a neat package of the eandiriahea jait oat for her brother** Jnneh while he.finiiheda hasty breakfait before atarting with a load of wheat. ' Ob, 1 don't know; 8, half-paal 8, A o'clock, can't aay to an honr or an hour and a half. Hand over the lunch, Meg, I'm late. Oh, by-the-by,' he eried, turniog back from the door, ' I waa told yesterday that Morgan ha* tnrned qatte crazy over hia loaaea —gona wandering quite ailly all abent the place, they aay.' ' Hear me!' abe exclaimed nerrona ly. ' Gene out of hi* mind, do yon aay f He alwaya aeemed anch a nice, aenaible man.' 'Well, that may be,'he laughed ) 'but aenae and nonaenae often go hand in hand. Ton needn't look eo scared, though, Meg; no fear of him coming this way.' • And, with another light langb, he went out, nnconeciona ly planting the aeeda of terror in the girl's breast with bis little piece of nawa. She want down and opened the gate for the loaded waggon and six horse team to pass through; and after watching them out of light, turned back listless and loDely, not knowing what to do, though she had plenty of work'lying at baod. She wandered down to tbe sheds to hunt some crows off that had come after the eggs, and then drove tde loose horses ont of the stables, so that her own pony might have the benefit of clearing ont the mangers. She had pegged-ap the stable rails and gone back to pet the pony, when some one called to her 'Good morning, Mise Thompson. la your brother home P' and ebe turned round with the blood almost freezing in ber veins to find their neighbour Morgan leaning over the rails. ' Just gene, is he t Ah, I thought so when tbe waggon was out of the yard. Loads up over nigbt, I sup pose P ' Yes,' she managed toarttonlate, 1 Too don't look well this morning, Miss Thompson,' he said enquiring ly ' I'm quite well thank yon,' aha aniwered, elaaring her throat as if something had got into it. 1 Wall, yon look aa if you'd seen ghost. Hope I didn't frighten yon P ' Oh, aot at all,* an'd she managed to get ont a little langh. «Ton just startled me, I didn't hear yon coming.' ^ ' I'm sure I'm very eorry,' he said politely,' I'm afraid I was too abrupt. Tell Jaok I .want to see him, eo I'll call round soma other day. Good morning,' and lifting hie hat to har he rode away. ' Now,' said Mag to herself, feeling as if some awful calamity had been suddenly swept from her path. ' I tbink its a raal sbame the way that soohjbaee. lies are-circulated. That poor man is ae aane as I am, or aa aver ha wee. I'll talk to Jaok when he cornea homo I thought it .was only women that gossiped, and now I suppose he will be telling the first person he meetB (hat poor Morgan has gona out of hie mind, Booh rubbish.' Poor Meg, before she saw Jaok agaiq, she had coast oanse to oali it rnbbish.' A dnaty ontting March wind was blowing, and the nigbt bad closed in cold and chilly. It waa clear starlight, with no.elands,^and .not a "vestige of moon; and Meg- heaped on a large log, lit tbe lamp, and elosed the door. Ticking a bundle of bright coloured wool from ber basket, she drew.a chair before the fire and began to ply ber needles. _ For a-short time the quick tap, tapping of the white bone need les had a pleasant aennd, and helped to break the loneliness. It . was only half>past 7, and abe did not' expect Jack for another honr yet, and being of a cheerful torn; of mind, ahe began to ting softly to herself. Hut it was a failure—she kept breaking off to listen for the aonna of waggon wheels, and then ragnely Cor something else, she scarcely knew what—as all ailly fear* bad been allayed in Hie morning. It was dreary and lonesome, and the wind want whistling round tbe little mud house as if it wonld rootoutthe shallow foundations. Meg shuddered, bnt not with oold, tot it was neat, and warm, andmoiy: in*ide-=-the little old house was a perfect marvel of womanly thriftand ingenuity. Suddenly the dogs began to bark srith anch deep bayingferoeity that Meg felt nnable'ta move either hand or foot. She heard the big gate open and ah at—it always made, a creakiuf noise that could he heard somi distance off. lit was a horseman, ami he was coming, do'wn the path to thi honse. He knew hia way, too, for hi had stopped at the _ white forked stamp, and was fastening hie hone; aha could hear the bridle rings jingle as he dropped -'the reins over tbe projecting limb. The dogs had quietened down, ae he opened the I garden gate and Walked up the flower bordered path to. the.;doer,- giving a few gentle tape. Vbr till then had ! she feu&d; eanrage to move, and when fhe opened the Aba*, the one. thing agitiling hsr brnart, foand veut in the worib uttered with A half-Startled my —' Ton Mr. MorgaaP i wb y#| Xwaewasting, and tk*aght I Wight a* wdlf call in. - 1 said I wanted to see Jack, didn't If Tea, of ooaral, I did.' He' aot home yet? No; I ass he's nab Too aariy. Doesa't emu before 9. Well yon mast be lonely, Miss Thompson. Til beep yon company till he comes. It's dreadfully cold outside—oh dread folly,'and he began tomb hie hands and hold lham oat to the blase, apeatioa in short jerky little sent ence* ell the time, end looking car lonely round the room as nnlike whet he wee in t'-e morning es one ooald well imagine. Meg's face had turned ghastly, end her lips were glaed to gether with foer. This wee no'more like Mr. Morgan of her acquaintance then eight wee like day. He was rational enoogh to know that it wee cold and he wee warming himself, to know that Jaok'e time, home was generally 9 when wheat- carting, also to remember his visit in the morning otherwise he looked what he really woe—a men with hie mind unhinged. The cunning of imbecility that under lay every word was horrifying to Meg, ' Ah, your knitting* catching eight of the pretty mass of wool that had fallen from her lep. ' Permit me,' banding it to her with mnoh ostenta tion. * What oolocr might you call fhatf' ' It's not a colour it's a shade,' she anewered with a faint attempt at a amile, ' It's mauve, perhaps some might oall it heliotrope.' • Ah 1-—well, its very pretty. Why don't you go on knitting P' he asked, suddenly. She scarcely knew what to do, whether to bustle around, and make believe to be preparing Jaok'e supper, or to try and sit quietly and knit. Thinking the latter might soothe hie nerves more, she eat down and, taking the bone pine in her shaking fingers, tried to recommence her work, but could not make a stitch,. * You're cold; your bauds are shaking. Come near the fire,' and he drew her chair nearer, piled np the logs that were leaping, and glowing like a burning limekiln. Meg wasn't cold. She was al most stifling with heat. In vain I she protested. He was politeness it- j self, and insisted on her taking the best seat at the fire. A horrible fear came into Meg'B mind that he was trying to elowly roast her. The heat was intense, and began to draw the varnish out of the chair, and to give her clothes a smell of burning. She glanced at the clock that ticked on the little wooden ahelf nbar the window. Only- five minutes to 8 i How long before her clothes would blare or her flesh blister j and^aU the time her ears were straining for the aound of wheels .that never came. Oh, if there were such things as guar dian angels, why could not one fly and tell of her distress. Suddenly, from far down in the scrub paddock, came the abort, sharp yelping, ho wis of the dingoes, dreary and dismal to listen to at all times, but sweet as seraph music to Meg just then. It broke the spell of horror, and put an end to the unbearable best. 1 What is that P' he asked, lookiog round sharply, «The dingoes!' she cried, ae an in spiration came to her to try a theatri cal display, and, kicking beck her chair, she sprang into the middle of the room with her arms upraised. ' Oh, the dingoes 1 I'm so frightened of them, aren't you, Mr. Morgan P' ' Not at all. Oh, no, they Won't hurt you, thongh they hunt in paoke. They are after the sheep; Come and eit down again.' ^ .But the inevitable consequences followed. The dogs gathered in a group at the gate and commenced to howl, as they always did en hearing the dingoes. « What's the cause of that, do you think f he asked, elowly, looking cur iously at her. 'They ere howling back lit the dingoes. They always do, and Brown's dog ie afraid to stay alone when he hears them, and runs round and joins ours. ' •Te Brown's doggers wow ?' ' X bear him coming,' she answered, 'be bowle all the way.' ' ' Ah, no,' he said, shaking hie bead solemnly j ' that howling means death, Take my word for it, someone in this honee hue got to die.* Meg began to get into a state of collapse again, end eank Into a ohair Dearths table, with one white arm resting on the block oilcloth. The eleeveB were wide at the riete, and fell away, showing the jure white ness of the rounded arms with the bine veins -olearly defined. The whiteness of the arm against the■ blaok cloth attraoted hie attention,. and Be toss ones more and came oloss j to her.. The dogs ware etill howling, and Meg had the oloek in fall view it was ten mlnntes efteneight. * Dear me, you fieah is white. Bat thoee veins,' he said, stooping closer jf ' how fall they are! Now this one; see how foil it is. matwonld yon do if that got Cut P Howpoald you Staunch the bleeding f Meg was unable to answer. • Do yon know anything about hemorrhage, and how to atop it,' he asked. Mag shook her head. 'No, I thought not. Now, I take a great interest In tide kind of thing. There ie wot an ontward form of bleeding bat what I know just where to put preeenre en to stop it. See, X will show yon. There is nothing like en illustration, or shall we say . an object-lesson, to thoroughly ex plain n thing, and one never knows when knowledge of thi^-hind may become useful. You-must have con fldenoe in'me, or something may happen.* 'But what are. you going to do?' cried Mqg, no longer able-to suppress •r hide her alarm. . He was grasping firmly, thongh with no degree of of violence, the fleshy part Of her arm making the veins at the wrist aland ont like blue cords. She glanced at the clock—• quarter, nearly .twenty minutes after 8, and.no sound of a wsggon. The dogB bad stopped bowl ing, and just now and then came tbe distant yelp of a dingo ' I am just going to cut a vein there.' he remarked quietly in answer to her last question. She screamed and tried to draw her hand sway; but he doubled tbe pressure, and held her firmly against the table a lib hie side. , ' Now, I told yoo not to be nerrons, Miss Thompson, or I shan't be able to do it properly. Ton may cause me to make a terrible gash. Keep still now. Do keep still while I get the earring knife—it looks nice and sharp.' Meg was a big strong girl, and terror lent aid to her struggles,' but she was no match for the raring madman, who had herpinned against the table, for that be was so there was no longer any doubt. The table bad been aet at one' end for Jack's supper, and the knires were glittering under the lamp that she noticed, was perilously' near the edge of the - table, if abe could only reach and push it orer aha might escape. What if tbe bonse was burnt—it would be batter than being butchered with that sharp gleaming earring knife. The dogs, gars a soft little ' hoof, boof.' from between their closed lips, but her quick ears heard it, and her heart leaped. It was a- sure sign that Jack was coming, thongh she beard no ramble of wheels, she knew the dogs conld hear a mile or more. Only twenty-firs'" minutes after 8. Oh 1 heavens ! How much longer P And all the time she was straggling frantically in the grasp of the mad man. ' Well, now, if you don't like ypur pretty wrist spoilt J will eat the brachial artery. See, here it is,' and be ran bis* hand up her sleeve, laying bare tbe full extent of the arm. She uttered a wild scream, and tried to wrench herself free, but the strength of . the man was superhuman. He lurched forward, dragging her with him, aud possessed himself of the knife. Quick as thought, she-seized the opportunity, and dashed tbe lamp at hia feet. In an instant he was in a blaze, saturated with kerosioe. Her skirts caught alight, but were quickly put out; while he rushed widly from the house, yelling end rolling on the flowerbeds to exting uish the fire. Jack arrived iu time to save tbe house, aDd assist the wretched Mor gan, who needed little beyond medical aid, and-he did not long need that,' as be died from the burns; but Meg lives on to remember the terror of that night till her dying day. 