Terribie^urnlng Aooideni. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-FIFE IN A BATH. HTS FLESH ADHERED TO THE FIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRY IN6PAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in aliatb in Piu street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall en the hot water pipes, and before ho could I* rescued lie was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of th* buruing and the fall proved lo be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a numher of years after he was a con firmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, how ever, reports began to be. circulated in the neighbourhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round Bgain, und that he had hud ft most marvellous recovery from Una apparently incurable malady. It was on nccount of these rumors that » special reporter from the Sydney 'Worker' was despatched to get all information regarding same,- and one afternoon he made his nay to his house, 45 Crown-laDr, Ultimo. Mr. Thus. Jarvis was discovered, nursing a two-year old baby, Bnd his face de clared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. Jin was up and about, and u is able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearingstill a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clenr that lie was an invalid no more. In reply to the prelimary questions ho said : — '-You want to know all about my ca»p ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity (o tell you. The facts moy be of value to thore who are stricken as I was.' 'How long were you suffering !' 'Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had lo leav.e off work, and I huve dona nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with on accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a l.aih in Pitt street, Sydney. Sin™ ilie accident I have been in failing health, and after four jenrs of gradual development of the mulndy, I was forced to give up liny billet at Glebe Island.' ' What were the Bymptoms V 'Simply indescribable. The paint were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for ell the world like as if a caw were cuttiug my bonce in (wo in every part of me. I had no control nver my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to iry.;«lf Biid everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and slink ing, and could neither eat nor sleup. On the 23rd March last I saw « well known doctor, and he told roe that my case was utterly hnpi ' .-««. However, he gave mo an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions ' 'Did you make use of the order i' 'No ; I come home and went lo bed, and have been pretty w»ll in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that ii was all over with ine, and only a ques tion of days when I would give up th' ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease tho agony I was in. I was under him for five or nix week'. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or proRresiive locomotor ataxy, a disease of tho spinal chord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in coordinating volun tary movements. He told roe that I might last for tun ye»rs, and that 1 might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patitul kicked bis leg* alwut with energy to show that medi cil opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a ktraw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by th» advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another iKjilermaker in England, which I read in tha 'Australian Workman,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pilli for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which aeenied to fit my own. I dr. termined to give the pills a trial any way, and sent for a box The effect was ns marvellous as it was magical. I was able to sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the hist appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immedi ately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, Bnd now I don't want them.' 'Ke is 100 per cent better,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who bad come in and taken the baby on ber knee*, 'The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved my life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten yeans younger that day than he did a fort night previous. 'I can now,' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling has comn hack into my legs. I ascribe aII the change and benefit lo Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills. They have saved ray life, I am in no pain now, what ever, and feet like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gme me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers in this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anosmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigos tioD, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pain in the buk, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M*Gowen, leader of the Labor Porty in the N.S.W. Legis lative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the re markable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr M-Gowen cays that he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew tint he had to give op hu work at Olebe Island abattoirs twelve month; ago owing to o malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jaryu was bed-riddon, and that there was little chance of his recovrey. He nndentood Jarrii tw nftutd ad minion t« Sydney Hospital/ aud his ease had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M 'Go wen was, thetefore, liko everyone elao who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarrit. Those wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) im receipt of stamps or post order, one box far 2s 9d., or six for 15s 3d. See that tho genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. 