[?] . PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. AUTHOR OF "BY RIGHT OF SWORD." "A HERITAGE OF PERIL," "SIR JAFFRAY'S WIFE," "THE MYSTERY OF MORTIMORE STRANGE, " "BY WHOSE HAND?" " "THE OLD MILL MYSTERY. MISER HOADLEY'S SECRET," &C.;, &C.; COPYRIGHT, CHAPTER XXIV.— (Continued. ) "Youmusn't speak to her till I comg. You may d'rive her Clean out of her mind. ' But yoii can see her to-morrow, I think," and witty that he drove 'off,' leaving the 'Inspector to try and puzzle out a clue for Himself. ' ' " ' ' " Hq was not by tjny means a sharp pap, anp quite ririilt for' the charge "ofsiiety a case. 'He did' not know ho\y to go about the inquiry; he' questioned closely the 'people 'who could tell him nothing, tried to form a theory before he had "ascertained any of th'e main facts,' 'and haVihg fastened on the fact of Mercy's illness, coupled with the further fact that she had bee'h the first to' find'her 'mother 'after death, he was quite ready to jump to the concluslbn ' that he should find she had had something to do with the crime." " In this frame of mind he made no effort to have 'the "country round' searched, sent' for no assistance, and did nothing in the appa rent conviction 'that' the crime', was either "a hopeless mystery or that the solution would drop before his feet as he walked about the place with pursed' lips' arid officially frowning brow. He took the Colonel's statement; but that was no help. "I was out" shooting when it must have happened. I had been a\yay past what we call the Ding copse, about half a mile up the lane in" the opposite direction, on tlie chance of a stray partridge,' -but got nothing more than a couple of rabbits, and . I was walking back when I heard the report of a gun.. I thought it 'might be my spri and took no no tice of It. When I' entered the house, how ever, I met my step-daughter," wh'o came rushing in to tell us. what had happened. She had been walking out there it appears with her mother, and had come in to change a shawl for a hat' arid jacket — so I learn — and went back to Join her" mother. In the inter- vaithis had happened; and shefound my wffSfJying .(lead by a. big boulder which you have seen, on which we presurne she' whs sitting when shot from behind. I saw no one aboiit, and except for th'e shot,' heard ndthi'ng; and after the deed was discovered I was too' officii occupied : with' tending1 my poor wife's body to take any steps what ever.' "One question, Colonel. Do you know how long the young lady was away from her mother?" " 'Indeed I do not. But I. presume only a few minutes.'" . ' The inspector looked dissatisfied, but said nqthing, Juan's story was simpler still. He was In hifi rom reading, and heard: the shot fired, but he knew' his father was out 'shooting, and thought he had fired at some stray rab bit or b'vd; and he paid no attention- to It at' all, therefore, until he heard the news that Mrs, Roca had been found dead.' Then he w.ent downto help, and afterwards rode off for the doctor and police. The servants Were also interrogated,, but with little iriore result, and the police inspec tor felt that lie should get nothing 'material until he could question Mercy. . j The Colonel was' also looking forward to the "Interview between the two with consider able concern. She believed that 'he had kill ed! her mother, and he had to face the chance that she w'ould say as! much to the police. How was lie to prevent it? What the doctor had said about 'the condition of her nerves and brain. had had a good deal of effect upon him, and had started a train of thought that he pursued carefully when alone. Her conduct had been strange for :some time past. She had bad delusions. Twice she had roused them in the middle of the night ihrougU her scares. Then had come the extraordinary story prompted by Ab Dur, about the natives who were in search of Lal- lu. The motiveless journey to London had followed, with the tale about the man with whom she had had the singular interview; in the train; next the wild and hysterical con dition in which she had arrived home; and, now, this terrible business about her mother. Was she mad? Would it be the simplest theory of the deed that the girl had probably done it while out of lier wits? He knew the grain of suspicion was in the mind of the police. Should he nurture it and make a few arrangements to fit in with it? It would be easy enough to put a rifle where she could have thrown it, and to put some ball cart ridges somewhere in her rooms? That was one alternative. But there was another, and if it could be arranged a much safer one. That the two girls should disappear together. He had al ways had this in his thoughts in regard to Mercy, and the Court had been chosen with special regard to such a plan. If Mercy were once to start a suspicion against him, no one could tell what would be the result or to what unpleasantness it might lead. But there Was another and even more powerful reasoTf, and he discussed it that evening with Juan. They dined alone, and Juan was very moody and silent at first. ".This is an ugly business, Juan," said his father, speaking for reason of caution in Spanish. "Yes. Who did it?" and he looked at the Colonel, with a singular light in his eyes. "There are two possibilities — one thai Mercy is out of her mind and did it: the ether, that these Indian scoundrels she spoke of were really about the place, and that it is their work." "There are more possibilities than those two. That devil of a woman has been about lieye again. She was in that cottugo yester day. The other is accident— anyone out shooting game may have loaded with ball ill mistake, and missed his aim at a bird, and done this by accident. Such things have been known," and he, looked- hard at the Co lonel. "This is not South- America, Juan, or it might be something of the kind. So you tltynk I rriay have had a hand in it. I sup pose you think I have lost my wits, then. Do you know what this means to me?" "Partly. You are freed from a woman that could never have done ' anything but /bore you, and you have made certain of your share of old Madagnq Gonzolez' .fortune-" "Then if I. tell you that at thlp moment in consequence of the death Of l ify wife I" am absolutely a beggar,' arid' worse thriri a beg gar, overwhelmed- With' debts incurred in playing this' part, I suppose you'll allow I've knocked the ; props away ' from your suspir plan; My wife had made no will, and every penny goe.s "to Mercy.'"' ' " "The devil!" exclaimed the qon in amaze- mgrif; arid then remained a long time silent, asking at the end of the pause, "What do you mean to do? -Isn't it possible to— to find a will?" . ... "There. are plenty Qf possibilities all round us; the difllculty is to choose the best among them. This' idiot of a girl," for" instance, has, formed the same conclusion about this/mat ter that you seem to have" done, 'arid if she blabs it out there's no' telling what the con sequences ' will "b_e— except that they will inbst' certainly spell, ruin for you as .well as me. I don't know whether you've a fancy to go back to- your clerkship."' The young fellow frowned heavily. "A pretty e.nd to the' venture that was to make our fortunes," he sheered." ' "The end is riot yet. "But 14'ariything is to be done, it must be at oriee. So far these- girls are in our power, and if we are to re trieve mattei's"by: a bold stroke, it 'must .'be how. . This blockhead of a policeman thinks that Mercy is In some way responsible' for her, mother's death. He is a fool," of course, but that's his lookrout. If she were t'o dis appear now, to-night, be would'be inclined to think she had bolted rather than face an inquiry into her conduct. Point one. Point two— Laiiu is, as 'we know, the object of the attentions of these people from India, and if she were to disappear the open, inference would be , that she had been- spirited away by them, or had gone. voluntarily. Do you begin to' understand now?" )|Yes, go on," answered the son. "If the house were to awake : to-morrow morning, therefore, and. the girls were not in their room, suspiclqri would fall" anywhere but on lis. Should we take care that they are not there?''. . . "Can we? How? What can ive do with them? You don't meari that we should—" He finished the question with a look into his father's face, and the two sat staring. Steadily at orie another for some'seconds. "I don't niean anyone .'any unnecessary, harm. As for. ivhat would happen, that must depend pri the fufqre course of events." , "Wait 'a minute, let me. think;," and push ing back his chair excitedly, he jumped tip, lighted a cigarette, and sriioking it with quick, impulsive piiffs; walked up and down the room. , "Do' you know how I feel for Lallu? Is that part of your, plan?" he asked, almost fiercely. " '"No; I don't even know what you niean." "I love her, that's allf'and if you or anyone, else mean .to try and harm a hair of her head, you'll have to reckon with me." "I don't covet any of. the young' woman's hair, sneered the Colonel j.Vbrit he cheeked himself, and' added seriously; "All. that this plan would do would be to ' pjit tier abso lutely in. your power." "How?" asked- Juau, standing and facing- his father. i ' - "This spot yeprs ago was a smugglers' run. arid underneath : the house the rock is honeycombed with caves and passages that once led to the "sea, but noiv are blocked by the breakwater. The way to them I know, but very few other people, arid no one in the ' house. There's room to shut up, riot two women, but two hundred; and they 'might' scream themselves black in the face without an echo of the sound, reaching the surface. Perhups you can see my drift now?" "How can you do it?" - ' Are we children, or fools, or men? If they can he enticed out of their rj'oras, so much the better, for a cloak thrown o v.i- the head of each arid a hand on the mouth far five minutes, and the thing's done. ' If we c-an't get 'them out- of the room, then we must go in to them there!" "Do you want to play the ghost again?" cried Juan with an ugly laugh, which' brought an oath to the Colonel's lips. "As it happens, the places in the caves are ready; we have only to carry theni down and lock them in, and afterwards take them food and drink, -and we could keep them or weeks without a soul having a suspicion— keep them until they please to do whatever wt- wish.-" " ' "But' this police fellow who is here?" The Colonel smiled grimly. "He is jugt the cover we want. A word whispered In his ear that we think we have seen one or two people moving about outside, and he will be out of the house at any in stant, and the field will be clear. Then, to morrow, when he learns the glr.ls are not in the house, lie will be the first to account for it by saying Mercy has bolted." "And those cursed Indian servants?" "If we can only blind them for a moment, they will most certainly believe that the peo ple who made the attack the night before last have returned and have this tirrie been suc cessful. The situation is positively made for us." 'Tt seems a very feasible scheme," assented Juan, after he had thought it well over dur ing a long pause. "When would you do It?" "The sooner (lie better. We must get the two servants out of the way, because the way do.wn to these caves is through the cel lars, and we must have the door open in readiness. But the thing is simplicity itself. Shall we do it?" "There is no other course," assented- Juan. The . Colonel avent out of the room, and as a first step cleared the kitchen; then he made the inspector comfortable in a small fooru called the study, and gave, him cigars and a hottle of whisky- Next he went upstairs ami crept cautiously to the girls', room, , and found to his satisfaction that Ab pur! was not with -them.-but-in his own room close by. He waited, listening intently some minutes. and then had just time to get back quickly and onceal himself in orie of the bedrooms when the door oilrihe girls' room was Opened, and they came out hand in hand. Mercy was very nervous and trembling, but Lallu,. who carried, a light, walked with a firm and even tread, and whispered now and again wor(ls of comfort and encourage ment. " From his hiding-place the Colonel watched them, ffind then creeping out stealthily saw fhem, to his irifinite surprise, .stop outside the door of the room where the corpse lay. Mercy seemed to falter and hesitate, but the. Indian girl urged her, .arid unlocking the door they entered and/closed it again behind them. In an Instant the. Colonel had made his plan. ; fie wont downstairs fo tlis study , . "Inspector, there is something amiss. :i -heard steps outside just now, and looking cut I saw a couple of figures Olsappeai quickly clown the lane. Hadn't we better follow? ' "I'll go at once, ColorieT," said the man, ris- : jug, "But you'd better not leave the house. I'll searon the grounds right round." !Lb," anhvefed'the"' Colonel/ "going" to '.tirs side door witty him. I'And if you find apyone, whistle a eall'arid 'we'll corife'oiit. And'when you return come to this door and knock light ly. andI'li be'at' hand" to'- 1W Ydti'tnT "Iaare not leave it unlocked while you're out." The other agreed, and started away stealthily in the shadow of the house; while the Colonel locked" the door after him. Next be hupried t.O Juan. "Makb what prepai'afions are necessarjr at once. The girls are out of their room: and! have cleared the house. Open that door lead ing to" the cellars'; 'arid now' get' some kind o> heavy shawls and wait up here till they come out." And he took up a position close to the door of the room which tlffi girls had entered. CHAPTER XXV.— IN THE CHAMBER OF DEATH. . ' ' During the time that Mercy -lay prostrated in Lallu's room by the blow of her mother's death, the Indian girl sat by her side watch ing and thinking.. ' . " . . She had heard no connected story of the murder, only snatches and -fragments being told her first by one and then by ariother of those who had picked, them up second-hand. The doctor, Ab Dur, the servants, and Juan had told her some of the facts— and they had Set her thinking deeply and Intently. 'Frorn the ."doctor '.'she learrit' 'that- which led afterwards to .the most, serious consequences. He gave her a rough 'description of the wound- which hud caused the death; and the" seeming fascination which the description had for her caused hipi to add ithrit on' 'tlie - next day he would' bp ubfe to tell much more because tye would make the post-mortem ex amination. '" "What is that?" she asked, not knowing. He explained crudely that' he would open the bbcly arid find the exact cause of death/ With' a shudder and a gesture of horror she turned iiway without another word. The thought was with her ail the day in "its most repulsive form. They would, hack and desecrate the body with itheir' crtyel knives. Arid for what? To know what they knew already— that she was dead, and had: been killed by being shot Jri'ithe head. Who had fired that shot? Not once but a ' hundred times during the hpurs of her watch she asked herself tha.t question,' arid racked her wits- to find an answer! Several times she fried to question , Mercy, but it he torpoi- of the girl made an answer Impossible. Oneb she called Ab Dur and .questioned him. ' "D.o you th- hik you know whp has done., this, Ab Dur?" " ' "It is'full' of mystery," he answered, vague ly, and Lallu frowned impatiently. ! "Do you think l-t is tlie men. who have been threatening the house on my ac count?" . " . : "What was this dear lady, to them? £he had never harmed 'them;' she did' riot everi stand in their way." . "Yes, but' in the bad light they 'may have mistaken the two." ' ' "St-lll, why, should ithey kill even Miss Mercy? It is ri mistake others might make who had far stronger motives." "What do you mean?". V "This- is.' an abode of Intrigue. - There is a woman who has been seen here in the neigh bourhood with whorri Colonel Roca has had some strong quarrel. Jealousy Is powerful for Hi." - . Lallu had heard nothing -of the "Spanish wo man's presence, and questioned Ab Dur close ly on ttye subject; but he knew little mip're than the fact of her "presence some time ber fore; that she had been seen hovering round the Court, and that after being absent for. it time, she had been seen again that morning- early. ' "Is that what you think is the key ,to the. mystery?" and she'bent her eyes upon 'him: searcliingly. "It is not, I see. Tell me, Ab D,ur,": she lowered her voice, and glanced round her "as she spoke, "was it th'e Colonel himself?.":. The man made no Immediate' answer, but stood with downcast face. "I"carihot say," he protested then. -' "But you can tell— you arid, she," with an Inclination',' of the head towards the ayah's room, "i must know it. Do ypu hear? I must." At tlils-Ab Dur limped out of the room and Lallu saLdown again in the choir by the bed side, and lapsed once more into close concen trated thought. The story about the woman had surprised her and given a new direction to her thoughts. It suggested a new motive for the deed, sup posing it had been done by the Colonel. It may liave been a new reason for him to wish the death of his wife. But the problem was too difficult for her to solve unaided. The murder had been done by one of three people — the woman of whom Ab Dur had spoken, her own countrymeri, who had already made their presence felt, or Colonel Roca. If by the last, then either in mistake for Mercy— whom he hated with an intensity. ,of feeling, as Lallu knew— or.by in tention, on account o'f this mysterious woman who had been seen about. Would Ab Dur and the ayah be able to solve the problem? . She. believed almost im- plleitly in the ayah's mystic powers. One or two singular coincidences happened, to fos ter this .beKar- and nothing now could shake it. Thus she waited restlessly for Ab Dur to re turn with the result of the investigations by the woman, believing he would bring her' the clue to the truth. When at last he came she was all Impatience. ' "Tell me, tell me, Ab Dur. I am on fire to know," she excaimed impetuously. He lifted his hands and bowed his head and shook it- slowly. "Alas, there is nothing to tell, except that there Is great danger for you. We can say nothing. We have tried, but no result can be obtained. We have not seen the body." "You do not need .that. I can recall seve ral eases where there has been nothing of the kind needed." "It is as I say," replied Ab Dur, calmly. "But '" "But what?" she said eagerly, when he paused.' "You can find out for yourself if yo-a will. If you will stapd a light by the side of the bier, lay your hand upon the head, and burn this powder, in the light, the truth will be revealed to you; and if Miss Mel'c>' can be prevailed upon to go with you— she touched the body while It was yot warm— the end will be the more certainly gained." As he spoke he held out to lier the powder. "I will go and see the ayah. Stay here till I return." She went and questioned the wo man closely .as to the fiat-are .ol' the mystic i-lte to be . performed,., and when she came back sent Ab DuiVcway' arid set about quick ening Mercyls recovery. . (TO 11 U COS'UNBEP.) 