t h e h a u n t e d m o u n t a i n s * OB, COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. A ROMANCE OP THE WEST. CHAPTER LXVL-THE SECRET Ey COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, Author of the "Mysterious Man 1B Bine." &C.; OUT. Tke young girl had listened to the VPTOE of her brother with deepest attention as they rode along, and wondered why he was telling ber the story o£ her own life. , When his secret was known, she said, after her joy and surprise were over: "Tou have told me, brother, of your strange life, and how you had been a rover about the world. Bat, after all, vou remembered the home in the West rre i:ad as children with our loved parents. We can both now recall like a. terrible dream the night our mother was tilled by the renegade chief who led the Indians, and, as we supposed, our father was murdered also. It was soon after that you and I were parted. "Tou hare said that the longing was i;pon you to find me, and to do so you came again to the wild West, and became a ranch ero. A strangedestiny led onr paths together xgain here in these mountains, and I can hardly believe that onr father still lives and that we are also to see him." "But it is true, Zulita, for he was not tinea, as we supposed, that awful night, and a fearful life he has had. of it. He, too, came West to find you and me. and to avenge his wrongs upon the man who had caused all his suffering. "That villain, let me tell you. Is the Monarch, as we two know him. He is aiso the road-agent chief. Captain Lawless. and the renegade chief. White Eagle. "Guided and aided by you, in my wanderings about the mountains as the Ghpst of the Haunted Fort, the character you played before. my coming, I found out the Monarch as he is, roada?ent and renegade chief in an Indian tribe, but through all haunfted, as we fcnow, by the demons of crime conjured up by his past life. "He it was who killed our mother, and who wrecked our father's life, and •ere long I shall bitterly avenge all his wrongs upon us. The man I wounded the other day came here to hunt him. d(nm, and that man is our father. He lies wounded in his cabin home, wounded by me, and I am taking you there to aurse him, while I go on the trail of revenge "I shall leave you there, and go to the Baacon Rock to meet Surgeon Powell to- night. I shall guide the Surgeon Scout to the cabin, and get him to see just how severe the wound is, and save our father. In return I shall rescue Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford from the Monarch's clutches; for he is •rJy holding them in the Indian camp to get a big ransom for them, or keep them es hostages for his life, should he be captured by Colonel Ferris. "I can rescue them, Zulita; for yon kr.aw how easily we entered the Trajan village that night, and removed the bodies of the three scouts they had killed. That must have startled even Colonel Cody and the lieutenant to see us leave •the village with the three scouts uptight in the saddle and enveloped in white, for we did that trick welL "Jfext time -I will take the two live prisoners from the village, and while they will be free, their renegade captor shall go in irons. We have done our duty, Zulita, in warning the fort, and we will soon end this wild life, and our father will be with us, and, what is more, he •rill be avenged." The young girl was so full of all that ehe had heard she could hardiy believe that she was awake. But late In the afternoon they came to the Hermit's cabin, and, dismounting, Burt Braxton—as the reader knows tlie "Ghost" to be—softly entered the cabin. Ład Zulita heard his fervent utterance: "I liave returned, and thank God you are alive." CHAPTER LXVII.—TO THE RESCUE. "The wound is serious, but not fatal. I hsve found the bullet with my probe, sao will soon remove it, and then, sir, you will rapidly recover." So said Surgeon Powell, as he stood by tfce side of the bed of the Hermit in his little cabin. As has been seen.the Surgeon Scout and the "Ghost" both kept the appointment icafie, and that night in the camp at Eeacon Rock Frank Powell learned the story of the Haunted Fort and the Ghost of the Mountains. He also heard how the three scouts had been put to death, and that Colonel Cody and the lieutenant could be rescued. And. more. Surgeon' Powell learned tbat the "Ghost" was none other than JSurt Braxton, who was playing into the Lands of Prince Ashton until he could "Mtdi him in the trap. The story of hot the ranchero had been captured by Lis sister, their recognition of their relationship. and that Zulita was there at Hermit's cabin nursing their father, tte Hermit Nemesis, Doctor Powell li teefl to with the deepest interest. When the cabin was reached, after » Sam ride. Surgeon Powell at once went a work, with the result stated. The bullet was removed, • tiae wound Messed, Spurs placed in. charge of Che tofceebold affairs, and Zuilta appointe P nurse her father back to health and u-sngth again, while Burt Braxton and •fcrseon Powell, both in the guise aosts. wore to go to the rescue ; Of ^onel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford,. . The Hermit had heard the happy tidl0«„ s that liis children had found him, he said, smilingly, that he did not "Sieve that a bullet through the heart kilt him then. -'Jrgion Powell said the "news was bet- ™ tian any medicine could give, and Zulita tow to dress the around, leaving her in charge, with Spurs jf assl£ tant, he rode away with Burt' fasten to the rescue of Colonel Cody, 'nth everything they could carry • to them in plavin ghosts to perfec- UOŁ 2<ilita san- them depart with full conof their speedy return, and that \- e was any such word as fail with lt01 she aid not believe. CHAPTER LXVTIR.^COXCLUSIOV ic "l^ness of Burt Braxton in play- * Shost amazed Surgeon PoweU, when that they would ride right Into ' "laian village, ^ut the Surgeon Scout did not hesi 41>e two "ghosts," well, flii k M, a;Ieadin s three white horses °" ter the red ' sk!n at ft, * • • r =de up to the cabin of r r «>egaóe chief. , v was 'rav uranii.- snowing , & "nu, hard, <mu and uie the one i on duty ^ guard outside of ' vas "outing under shelter W Z V" his b!anket - and knew H r=!2, , spectral foes near until Mm MoW °n U,e bead 0531 . A fcnock in « at tIl? ^bin-door; or voices m PoL,,' e rn t iaa \- f «r Sur ' ^ o K Tl* lenguage weH- : to see renegade to appear and to behold before lilm tw» He had played the ghost act to frighten others, and' now. awakened from sleep, found before him two forms as though from the grave. "" Prince Ashton, we have come for your guilty soul," said the deep voice of Burt Braxton; and the man staggered back and sank dovnn upon the floor, tanable to move or speak. His sufferings were terrible, and Surgeon PoweU said In a whisper: "He is dying of fright, Braxton." It was true. The Monarch of the Mountains, in all his paint as a renegade chief, in vain attempted to speak, and with a moan fell back in convulsions. It was only a short struggle, (however, for life soon fled, and Surgeon Powell, rising from his side, said quickly: "Come, Seaford. you and Cody get your wraps on. for we must be miles ont of this by dawn." Who can piciture the surprise of the midnight visitors appearing as rescuers? It was a startling, joyous surprise, and within ten minutes after the recognition of the Surgeon Scout Ithe irons of the two prisoners had been removed, the body of the dead renegade strapped to one of the horses, and the whole party were in retreat through the blinding storm. The ride to the Hermit's cabin was made in safety, the body of Prince Ash- ton was recognised .by the man he had ^o wronged, and then it was buried. A week after' the Hermit was able to he abovit, -asid by stow stages the Tifie ; was begun to the fort. The welcome that all met can be imagined better than described, and Burt Braxton and Zulita, with their father, became the colonel's guests. Thus was laid the foundation of that love affair wihch eventually ended in the marriage of Ethel Willis to Burt Braxton, while Zulita Braxton became Mrs Hugh Seaford, and happy are both couples in the choice that they made of partners for life. In the spring. Hermit Braxton, as the elder was called, led a party of soldiers into the mountains and secured the gold that was hidden away, and which amounted to a considerable fortune, while Colonel Cody and Burt Braxton went with them with a squad of soldiers to bury the dead of the Gunnison expedition found in the Haunted Fort. ' Cltoe End.] Next week will be commenced a grand new . serial entitled "The - Rainbow Feather," toy Fergus Hume, author of "The Mystery of the Hansom Cab; etc., etc. . . . 