BONNIE BESSIE. "Bonnie Bessie" everyone called her, and rightly enough; for of all the Highland lassies who gathered at the little kirk on Sabbath mornings, not one was half so pretty and winning as Bessię.- Squire Renfrew, of the Red Pass, was desperately Jn love with' Bessie, and "sought to make her his wife In 'spite of difference in rank. The herds at the "Red Pass were-the .finest anfi- largest in the neighborhood; the barn and Storehouses were always well filled. He was a bachelor, something over two score years old, and he wanted "Bonnie Bessle" for his wife. "If the lassie thinks she can fancy me." he said, addressing Bessie's grandmother, as he stood:under the low, brown rafters of the little Black Lynn cottage.' a hot flush mounting to the shining crown of his bald head, "It the lassie thinks ehe can fancy me, the.bargain's made. I'm ready and willing to lead her to the kirK to-morrow; and if a good true husband, and some gold and silver will make her happy, she'll be as happy as a queen at the Red Pass.'; Besisie listened with wide, startled eyes, burning cheeks and quivering •lips. ' She held her peace, standing, tall and, slim, In a sow of stunned -silence, until her grey-haired lover had taken his leave. Then she burst forth Into vehement, passionate protest. . The old grandmother suffered her to storm until her passion was spent. "Well, 'tis o'er now, "and ye'U simmer down and keep quiet, mebbe. I've let ye- have your say, and now I'll have mine. We're poor folk^me and you. I found it hard to get bread when I had but my own mouth to feed; and sines I've been burdened wi' you I've gone to bed many a night fit to cry wi' hunger. But I've borne it all, an' done my best, an' always been willing to gi' you a share o* my last crust" "But, deareat grandma —" "Now, loolcee here, my lass," interrupted the old woman, lifting her bony finger, and .glowering fiercely upon Bessie; "if ye're fule enou' to refuse this good fortln', that ends it 'twixt us two. You pack out o' my house, and ne'er cross the threshold again." Bessie was silent. The great world beyond the Highland peaks seemed so dim and far away," and the old home scenes" were so familiar. The autumn days drifted on, and in the spring time ehe was going to the Writ with Squire Renfrew, and be made his wife. The spring time came and the Wedding day was close at hand, when, one evening, just before the gloaming, Bessie went to fill her pitcher, as usual, at the rocky spring near by. She had accomplished her task, and lifted the pitcher to her shoulder, and had started for the cottage, her white, shapely feet twinkling prettily below the short petticoat as slie stepped from stone to stone in crossing the little brawling stream, when suddenly she uttered a stilled cry, and. staggering to a moss-grown boulder, sat down and put the pitcher hastily on the ground, pressing her hand on her heart, and trembling all over. "It's his ghaist; it's bis ghaist!" she cried, "and oh, how sair he looked at me!" Whatever she Ład seen, or fancied she had seen', there was nothing in sight when she next looked up: nothing, except the overhanging rocks in the evening light, and the white birch trees swaying spectrally against the sky. "He has come from his grave," she cried, glancing fearfully around, dare, na, dare na do It. Oh! forgive me, Jamie, that I ever thought o' it." She drew a silken cord, which encircled her throat, from her bosom, as she spoke, and kissed the slender hoop of silver which depended from it. "I'll never ha' peace if I mariy the squire," she said, "and I ought no to ha' it; I shall feci I am a traitor. And, oh ! Jamie, Jamie, after all, I love no one but you, and never can." Suddenly she rose, with resolution stamped on every feature. "I must give the squire his ring back," she said, brushing the last tears from her eye. "It is hard on him, but there is no other way. Then Jamie, then, perhaps, you'll forgive me, dear." Leaving her pitcher there, she tossed back her abundant locks, as she finished this adjuration, and went speeding away, through the falling darkness,with the light foot of a chamois. When she reached the Red Pass, the bright glow of the warm ingle-side lit the windows. She approached the nearest one, and pressed her sad, tired, yet resolute, face against the glass. A minute, and she 'tapped lightly against the glass. The squire turned quickly, stared, and then started to his feet. "Well, now, well, now. what's the meaning o' this?" he cried, rushing across the room and throwing up the window. "Bessie, my lassie, what's happened?" "Something that never should ha' happened," she answered, looking at him with a sort of desperate defiance, and drawing the gold ring from her finger as she spoke, "I've come to give this back to you. Squire Renfrew, was wrong ever to let you jut it on.' ! "Why, child, what do you mean?" "Take your ring," she said. "You've heard of 'Auld Robin Gray," maybe, haven't you?" "Yes, I have. But what then?" "Well, I had a Jamie once," she went on, clutching at the little silver ring suspended from her neck, a great throb of pain shaking her; "he gave me this, and I can't ever wear any other ring. He—he—went off to' seek his fortune." with another suppressed sob, "and h« was lost at sea. I tried to forget him; but I cannot. I can't keep my promise to you, Squire Renfrew. I—I couldn't feel like she did to 'Auld Robin Gray—I should -bate you, I should." And here she broke down completely. "So." he said, slowly; "you have cóme •to tell me this, and to ask your freedom? And you really think, too, you have seen Jamie's ghost?" . "Tes. And'I shall never return to grandmother again. I dare not. So I am going-away." "Bessie, my darling," cried a voice, as his strong arm clasped her. The next moment she was on the breast of her lover, who had come back alive and safe. A few days after there was a happy marriage at the kirk. Squire Renfrew himself giving away the bride, our "Bonnie Bessie."— "New York News." 