THE SERMON^ THE STAGE OF LIFE. A SERMON by the REV. P. E. C. BSSHElt. of . - SEW. . "The fashion of this world passetb away." -1 Cor. vii. 31. If Paul had said that the fashions of this world pass away, we should all feel that he had written a very modern truth, for in a hundred things the 'ways of a hundred years ago have become obsolete. Paul not refer to these changes. He used the word fashion as another word for form, or outward appearance, as Luke did when he said, speaking of the Transfiguration, that the fashion of Christ's countenance was changed. It ia 'not. only true that "man that is born of a woman hath Jjut a._short time to live," that "he cometh up, and ie cut down down like? ^ flower, he fleetb as it were a-shadow, and never contiriueth at ope stay," but th£t everything around him passes away, his friends and associates changing as jnubh as himself. There is something «bout the Apostle's expression thatindic&tes; that hfe was think ing Of the changing sdenee upon the stage the outward form of things in life never -continues long. For a little while family groups, and homes, and neighbourhoods present a certain as pect, and again a little while, and new faces confront ue, and we are bewildered with the changes that have taken place in the old Bpot. To realise the idea of the text, we must, in imagination, place ourselves upon one of the crowded seats, amid the vast throng that fills the area of one of those great amphitheatres, like the Colliseum, at Rome, or in the git of the modern playhouse. A whole sea of faces, flushed with the excite ment of expectation, and impatient of fur ther delay, is turned towards the stage. The lively music of the orchestra Vibrates through the air, and gives mirth and elas ticity to the great company. And now the curtain rises, and the stage is disclosed. What a gorgeous scene! Kings, courtiers, soldiers, matrons, maidens, arrayed in purple, scarlet, and white; gold is glittering, jewels flashing, accoutrements gleaming, but all is still. And now the play begins. There are voices, then other voices, movement, clamour. The thing proceeds and surprise follows surprise. Groups flow in upon the stage, pass through a scene, and pass away. Now an. actor fights fiercely, and in what seems but a few miniates he enters in another costume, and embraces. Now we see him weep, as if his heart would break, but in less than quarter of an hour the same man is before you convulsed with laughter, and excited with mirth.-. .Again, you see him scowl with anger, and hear ill- tempered growling in the tones of his voice, but he glides be hind the-scenes, and is tittering jafc the ve hemence of his own effort. - Now men are nobles, "and'strut right nobly, but* pre sently^they wUl enter as a group of beggars, andclothed \^thrags. Now they have wives, ,who take no small part in the alter-, ?cations. and now they hay£ none. Then ifc.gppwe late, aiid the dark curtain falls, the'scene has vanished, and a group of needy pedple Tapidly depart by the back doot,' glad to' handle' the proprietor's silver anjfcto remember the people s applause. loosely these people sat to the things of^lhat stage;... See, there is one running down ihe -sjEreet. He is hastening home "to" see if the dying child he left there is deafly His . ptai was to laugh, and raise a' laiugh in the audience, but, poor fellow, his'- heart waaheavy, and * he rejoiced as one.who"rei'oiped not.- . Then the others, w^rethey elatteil because the wore.purple? or,did they .feel degraded because they ap pared-in yilerqiment ? .What did it jnatter to' them if .Qiily; they: took their part effec "tively/'aiid did7 that for which they came upbn. fche; boards?. The time was short, end their aetifrg would be over in an hour. 5 If/any ^ofv them are biting their lips and grinding their teeth, it is the chagrin of failure that' is 'upon them. They might have done abetter, but they did riot appre hend- t^e seriousness of the situation until the bppbrtunity'had come and gone. ^Now the/Apostle- knew that no illustra tjoirarrest* the ;p&opte; "of .Corinth morereiadily tjiaii tine taken from the great theatres to Jje fdtiffl in every considerable city- As if thinfefflg of the brevity of tiie 1 performance,'we find him writing just be Lfore he penned'the text, these words: "This I say, bretJiPeni the time is short." It is as if ne laid, "All tuiie7 preceded by eternity past, and followed by the eternal future, is shortr-short in comparison with IteTnity." Yes, indeed, time is short; my time is short, my life is short, short as the player's few minutes spent in acting his part, compared with the agfe of the world. How little important to him whether his costumeA)e olcLor new, provided he act his part well. Oh the other hand, how im portant is his acting, for i^oue brief quar ter of an hour he may maftfea)? giar himself .for.life. . -'Having-&J1; this in his nfirid, Paul says, "It remain^thj bret'hren, that they that have wive8. be al though -{hey had none, andv they ,th&£ weep sis though they wept not, and they that rejoice as though they rejoiced not; andth^y that buy as though they possessed not"; aid they that use the world as not abusing it, for the fashion of this world passeth away"-passes away as the gaudy snow passes from the stage. Doubtless, whdewe have been getting into the Aposfte'g train of thought, the words of Shalcesjpeare, "All the world's a stage, and menan^l ivomen merely playere," have been favour minds. How true to life is the picture."- This whole earthly ball is a stage crowded ^th actors. All the beauty of landandwater that surrounds us, what is it but the stage scenfeiy? There is the standing scenerjv-like tne floor and orna mentpof the .stage; for whoever comes and goes, the: mountains abide, the rivers remain. The seven hills of Rome witness alike the rough da^s of Romulus and the pageantry of the, latest Pope. Then there is changing scenery,too. Even in our little day we see buildings. rising, decaying, fall ing into ruins^ or pulled down to- make way- for improvements. Cities are trans formed into magnificence before eyes that haye seen spall tilings."One generation goeta &w;^ and another ^laeth.^'JReople^ga«ler «pot, untilthe place becomes congested with the throng: tneh the .bad times come to the" good place, and there is a stampede, and a' SPUghtoa-oeyattiaagtion.v We~arterafiljirthi and strut our-allotted days. Many of us pass ovfer the waters from continent to -continent, and remove from city to city, until at lasfriur flesh fails, and they thrust bur corruption beneath the sod;" " - . . ' Thus the great drama of. life moves on under the eye of God, until the dark curtain falls, and the great voice announces that "there shall be time no longer," for "the end of all things is at hand." Then He who has turned man to destruction will say; "Come again,, ye children of men!" The earth at His call shall "cast out the dead," and the stage shall be more than thronged. The dark curtain 'will rise with the rising of. the dead, and "then shall be seen the Son of Man coming in the clouds of Heaven, with power ana great glory," and "gvery one of us shall give an account of "himself to God.1'- This is the great situa tion, this is the barest outline of a story, the progress of which is watched with deep est interest from the battlements of the eternal city in= the skies. **" "We. can dwell upon some details of the scene Lh advantage. Let us' think of this in theJh-Bv nlace; that as the stage in the theatre is beheld by a great crowd of spectators occupying the galleries, so we are "compassed"about with a gfeat cloud of fitnesses." Angels are hovering o'er us; saints, too, who kno^riveH the temptations of life by experience,vand who in their day overcame hi all jprob^bility, ^ watch our ttoVer&tfit;#.'"tne galferieOf the m seen world they are looking upon you when you say that "the temptation by which you are beset is too strong for any man to re sist." The presence of Abraham, and Moses, and Daniel there, with all the prophets and martyrs who bore such contradiction of sinners'against themselves, shows what may - be done by you in refusing to yield to temp tation. You of the impure life, look at Joseph! He kept himself pure. You, in the counting-house, or in the ehearing-ahed, or in the mine, who almost alone bear the reproach of Christ, think of Joshua and Caleb, who got no support from the rest, of the spies. There, in those galleries, iboVe all, is the King, the Great Proprie- j bgr of the whole business, and by whom your acting is to be judged. If you please j the King, it matters little what your asso ciates say. Forget everyone but the great j Jehovah, who sits in the place of royalty yonder. . I Then, again, the stage is highly illumi nated. The sidelights, the footlights, the sunlights leave nothing obscure. The j searchlight of God's omniscience reveals; not merely every fold in the drapery of j your outer life, but by the intensity of its X rays, searches .the inmost of the mind.? We have seen the drop of water that looked clear as crystal, - magnified and expanded! into an ocean full Of uncanny creatures.! May we never see our hearts so re vealed. '' » . ? As a sounding-board arches the stage so that even a whisper is heard at the far end of the top gallery, so God hears not only the stage whisper (which iB meant to be heard), but the very thoughts themselves ere they are uttered. "0, Lord, Thou hast ? searched me, and known me. Thou know- j est my down-sitting and mine uprising; thou understandest.my thought afar off." j We cannot quit the stage of life,- as an t actor may retire behind the scenes and quit the building. At the same time, God may suddenly stop our acting by a thou sand kinds of death. God has given us each a part to - act, though ours-may "not be a leading one. The character of Jesus Christ, in master and ser vant, in husband and wife, in thousands of possible renderings, is the character that i we have to sustain. A intm may study his Shakespeare until he has the mind of his master saturating his very soul. He cannot do much more; but we may not only thumb the-pages of our New Testament until we know it by heart, but we can surrender and open our hearts to the influence of the Son of God, until "the mind of the Master" is by His own inbreathing transforming our lives into His image at every point. To put it in another way, "God is love," and love is the great antidote for all the woes of all the iniquity in the world. When men submit-to God, and receive Christ, then the love of God-the love that dwells in Him, and makes Him good to all, will be "shea abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost given unto us." ? Love will revolu- ? iionise the world. Selfishness throws the . magnificent plan of God, the great drama-! tist, into confusion at every point. The 1 onward sweep of ' God's great conception may be seen outlined , in the Bible Btory from Genesis to Revelation: The Patriar chal, Mosaic, and Christian dispensations are but the tirgt," second; afld third acts in the dramatic masterpiece. ! As many, plays have one great centra! figure or character in them, and one great evient towards wbifch ! everything is tending^ and to which every-; thing looks back when it is past; so every thing in the history of the human" race I moves forward to the appearance of Christ ? upon the stage of life, and to His tragic death at Calvary; and to this event every thing since looks back. I My fellow actor, you cannot, you dare i not, you must not ignore the appearance of Jesus Christ amongst us, ana His death as an atonement for your sin. If ^you ven-j 'ture to say, even in a whisper, "What have I to do with Thee, Jesus, Thou Son of God?" you at once join hands with the demons who cried out in the synagogues. You have come upon the stage to glorify Christ, and not to dishonour Him. Your attitude towards Him is the great test act of your life. What is that attitude to day? Truly the time is short. Our to-days are passing into yesterdays with every sun rise. Where is the setting of your early life? Where are the scenes in the midst of which you were brought up, and the play mates who would not let you live to God? ?Think of the poverty, or, it may be, the luxury and wealth of the past. It is all like a dream. The marriage festivals, the funerals, the domestic afflictions that make up the history of your family show you how much of life is already spent. Even now, how events that you look forward to seem to be approaching. They are rushing upon us like the telegraph posts that we see coming towards us while we sit in the window of a moving train. In a flash they pass, and in another they are falling behind. So future.is every day rushing into present, and present into past. We shall be slowing up to the terminus before we know where we are. Like the throbbing, quivering, steam launch, you, are running down the river of life. A hundred stopping'places do . not remind you of the end of -the voyage. The green fields flying astern do not beget re flection. Some morning you will wake up and find yourself at'86a. You will have .crossed the. Sarin, the .night, anil will.be out in the ocean of eternity, with the fuel spent, TindjJthe fire out, ana you alone, and out of BighTtrf*laiid, the big waves of the swell threatening evety-momea^ to swamp your little craft... Lest" this picture should one day find its original in yourself, as one who is Jost, byt who might have been saved, listen to me as I remind you that "the fashion of this world passeth away." Turn not the tragedy of life into a ghastly comedy, by trying to he godless, as some foolish youth might sajr, "just for the fun of it." Sell not your birthright for a mess of pottage. Trust not in riches, however secure your property may seem to be. Who would purchase for a hundred pounds the beautiful picture cast by the magic lantern upon the illuminated sheet? It is but a shadow. Your wealth is not more sub stantial. You are pleased to think of your houses and lands as real property. It may be as real as England or Scotland, but what if your coming into and going out of pos session make you more like a phantom than a reality? If you are reckoned old, your real estate is like a dissolving view. It is going, going from you, and whenSbe lan tern light of your life is put out, it will be gone. Talk aboiit holding property. You cannot hold it. To a dying man property is like smoke, the more tightly lie grips it the less he has of it. I would rather hold the htm of Christ's garment in tnjr dying than, the wealth of a millionaire, for of this world passeth tfway." 'the fashion of this world passeth amy. Jesus Christ never evades the grasp of any that fittk to lay hold Won Him. Let" that which cannot be held, nod lav h 