A FEW REMINISCENCES OF OTHER DAYS. . - » ? ('Dubbo Dispatch.') *? ,Tbe past 1 The past ! Oh, what a tide Does memory pour upon the breast ; What visions rise, what phantoms g!ide, To fill tho brain and break the rest.' The next bit of excitement on the board ' was to go across to George's River, to witness a pugilistic encounter whjch was to take place between Black Perry and George Hough, a native, and the champion of the heavy weights. The cornstalks mustered in great force, and were quite jubilant about their man. ' 'Twas Hough, the gallant boaster, the natives whole delight. They wrapped him up in corduroys — They fl -shed their ten-pounci noteB to back him in the fight.' I forget at this distant date who looked after Perry, but I thinic I am right in saying Bill Sparkea did the needful for the Cornstalk. : Hough was a1 good and game man, and having heard so much about him I certainly expected to see a ' merry mill,' as I knew what the blackfellow was capable of after seeing him polish Bendigo off in 20 minutes. The fight was all over in three or four rounds. Hough hadn't the ghost of a show with the. darky. Perry hit him in the third round an awful blow just above the eye and knocked him on his knees. He was taken to his corner and attended to, but in the next round Perry landed again with great force in the Bill Sparkes threw up 'the sponge in token of defeat. Another Australian and Paddy .Sinclair were to have nad % bout in the same ring, but Paddy failed to put iu an appearance. When this was made known, Perry said, 'Well, gentlemen, as my countryman, Paddy Sinclair, has fai ed - to keep his appointment, and sooner than see \- . ? you disappointed I'll take Paddy's place, aud accommodate this man. And to show that I don't want to take any advantage, I'll tie one hand behind my back and 'fight him with the other. I can't say any thing fairer than that ' But the other fellow showed his good sense by not taking any. Sollie Reubens, a very smart little fellow, who fought several good battles in England, nnd old Abe Davis had a sparring saloon in V.ork- street. Here the young Cornstalks could be found taking a lessen in the manly art, and, take it from me, any man that ran against Charlie Hill, George Thornton, or any of that school, would certainly enter into a contract for which they would be paid at Town Hall contract prices. I remember on one occasion being up at Windsor races, when Reubens, Davis, Hough, and the clever old George Bailie had a star combination spar ring. compatiy performance .nt Charlie Blan chard's place, when John Dargin and another gentleman from Bathurst gave Sollie a great take down. Dargin put the gloves on with Hough, and brought him to grass. The veritable and evergreen Toby Ryan was there of course, and just to oblige a local blacksmith, who fancied him self, Toby put the mittens on, and gave the son of Vulcan papshylall with the chill off. Ryan was no mug at the game, I can assure you. Charlie Smith Owned Bungarribee at at this time. It was a time of severe drought, and as was their wout prior to telegraphs and other means of communication, cattle buyers were out on the wallaby, By chance a nuinbor of them met at Penrith. George Hill and Charlie Smith weroindulgina insome good-natured chaff, when old George turned round to Smith and said, ' Oh, Charlie. I forgot to tell you. I saw the greatest light I ever saw in my life in one of your paddocks at Bungarribee this morning.' 'The devil you did, George. Who be tween?' 'Between an opossum and a ban dicoot, who werd fighting for the last blade of grass on your estate !' said Hill. Bun garribee will be remembered as being the estate rented by Mr. Kater, when he first came to the colony, bringing with him such choice bits of valuable blood as Cap-a-Pie, Tros, The Giggler, and, I think, the fourth horse's name was Lieutenant. About tho latter I am not certain, though I have seen t\em all over and over agaiu. If I don't mistake, the rent paid for Bungarribee was £400 a year. I am afraid it did not prove a luorative speculation for Mr Kater. Theorem was another good animal owned and raced by Charlie Smith. Ho ran a match against Bessy Bedlam. If I am right it was Theorem that Johnnie Higgerson told me was the most savage animal he ever had anything to do with. However, ho mado a great friend and companion of a kitten that was in the habit of coining into his munger and box. Ho. would permit the kitten to do almost anything when in good humour. But one clay as the kitten was frisking nbout while Theorem was eating a bran mash, by some chance scratched him sharply on the nose. Ho reared up in his box and catching tho kitten in his mouth ate him holus bolus. Tho voteran jockoy told mo this a good many years ago, shortly after it was Raid to havo ocourrod. Speaking of Bathurst m tho commence ment of my rambling noios, I forget to men tion Mrs. Hauibus, who was without excep tion tho biggest woman I over saw. I saw hor once tako tho ohiof constable of Bathurst up in hor arms us she would a child and kiss him boforo a crowd of boys, to tho thorough disgust of tho lifctlo num. Whon tho sur voyor waauuntout to survey a township at Black Rock, near Wellington, Captain Mayne asked the chief constable alluded to, what he thought of Black Rock for a town ship. 'Well,' he replied, 'if it doesn't make a township, at all events it will make a werry pooty village.' The last races I ever aawat Wellington were on Wellington Flat, when Captain Hunter had Sam Weller and Hickeye, Rodd with Glaucus, Jardine with Boston, and Frank Smith had Brutus. Who that was there, but remembers the race be tween Brutus and Hickeye ? A local gentle man rode Brutus, and Jack Price was up on Hickeye. Brutu3 won after what Captain Mayne described as the greatest race he had ever seen. Then the dinner in the evening at the~Lion of Waterloo, when Phelps, Saul Samuel, Chadwick, John Jardine, Dr. Cur tis, Frank Smith, Dr. Richards, Arthur Templar, Raymond, Ben and James Boyd, Matthews, Captain Hunter, and sports of that ilk were there. Duulop, who was there for the first time and was almost a stranger, was soon established first favorite after his warbling, ' Won't you come down to Limerick Town.' Bobby and Jim Davidson were there. It was the latter who owned Faugh-a-bailaghand rented him to Matthews. Thehistoricset- toon theflat between localtden tities was over a hurdle race. A horse owned by one Jonathan Wheelton won the hurdle race. There was then another hurdle race for hacks, when Wheelton would persist in entering his horse for the Hack Hurdle Race. The other sport objected on the ground that, having won this big hurdle racd, ha could not start again as a hack. Hence the battle, which is spoken of even at this remote period as if it only came off yesterday. There is no denying the face that there were some very fine horses in the old days. Even comparing the horses of this day with those of the olden time, I will say, that I consider Carbine, apart ?' from his porformancas, the most perfect animal I have seen in the colony, and next to him I consider Ettie De Mostre's Archer far and away the best animal I have seen. The most knowledge able horse I have ever seen was old Jorrocks. I think it was at the Clifton Stables in Windsor that old Brown was training Jor rocks, and when he brought him on iothe course at Homebush, he had the old liorse so well tutored that he limped from the straigho and past the stand very lame, on three legs in fact. The first time I raw him at his little game at Homebush, I went so far as to go over to Brown and advise him not to start the poor old fellow. Brown said it was' not with hiB wish tliat the horse was going to start, but said he ' the governor says he must go, * Ned' and his word is law.' What a cry went up from the crowd loo. 'Old Jorrocks is lame. Tako him home, Brown, and get him a wooden leg.' But take it from me he sent a good many of the cunning ones home lame. At tha settling the following ditty was sung. I only remember a line or two now : — ' You all know old Jorrocks, that racehorse so well, The pace of his £joing Brown Lottery could tell, From tlcnnbujh to vViodsor, Parramatta the stme ; If. they'd dare to attack him he'd send them home lame.' The metre might not bo according to Lindley Murray, but it's true all the same. I think it was early in the 'forties ' when the late Charlie Roberts sent Joe Badkin, who was one of tho leading jockeya cf ths day and an astute judgeof horseflesh, home to England to purchase a stallion aud bring him out with him. 1 forget the name of the Lord that owned a beautiful horse (Einilius.) Joe was struck with the appearance of this fine horse, and lost no time in interviewing the owner. Charlie Smith said that Joe dined with his lordship. However that might be, Joe finished up by purchasing Emilius for a goid sum, and landed him safely in Sydney. He was the admired of all admirers, for he was without any doubt a magnificent animal. But imagine Charlie Roberts' disgust at discover ing that Emilius was a 'rig.' It was Charlie ^mith who was not long in finding out the fault, and what a time he gave Roberts arid Badkin about their friends the ' Luds ' in England. Writing of Charlie Smith, reminds me that tho first racehorse of any pretensions to the name owned by the l'ite Johu Tait was Whalebone, bred by Smith. He was by Speculation, I re me.mber on one occasion when Whalebone was looked upon as a first flighter,' and ' Honest John' had made up his mind that his horse was quite good enough to lower the colors of the redoubtable Jorrocks tho first time they met. Well he had not long to remain in suspense, for at the next Pamimatta races the pair were to meet in the principal event of the meeting1. Young Johnnie Cutta had the mount on Whalebone, while Healy steered tho old ohampion. As thpy enturcd the straight Whalebone was loading by a couple or. three lengths, and when half-way down the straight he still held his ground good, Cutts, who was young at tho time, turned his head ' and pokad his tongue out' at Hoaly. Before ho had time to got it in again, and turn his head, Hoaley was past him like a shot, and won easily. Cutts told mo some years uftorwar-ls, that though ho now knew ho couldn't havo won tho raco under any circumstances, yet ho was taught a lesson novor to throw a ohnnco away till tho race was won or lost. And Clnrrio Bayley or any other of tho 'old sports' who over saw old Jorrooks como from tho distance-post, will bntir me out and say ho wns ouo of tho fastest fiuishors of his day. Ho never seemed to exert himself till he came to distance-post. I doubt if even at the present day we .have many of the champions that covered more ground in a stride than old Jorrocks did when fully extended. I have seen Jorrooks beaten several times, but I must say the old fellow was sadly out. of con dition each time. The day that Sir Charles, a horse bred by Charlie Roberts, beat Jor rocks at Penrith the latter was a dead horse. The same can be said of him the day he was beaten by Blue Bonnet at Homebush, though it muse be borne in mind that Blue Bonnet was an out - and ? out good mare. She was by Speculation, and bred by Charlie Smith, S'r John Jamison bought Sir Charles, and afterwards sold or rather gave him away for 100 guineas. At the present time he would readily realise 1000 guineas. I place him next to Carbine and Archer as my beau ideal of a stallion. Old Mr. Law son, at Prospect, had another very fine im ported horse, Emigrant. It is wonderful the way people run against each other thousands of miles from where they had last met. I was at a carnival meet ing in a western town, when one of tho com pany sang a song that immediately attracted ray attention. The song was the old ditty. ' Sally in Our Alley.' I thought to myself I have heard that song by that gentleman in England, and after a while remembered the time' and place. After beveral songs were given by other members of the company, I called out for the song, ' Wapping Old Stairs,' by the same gentle man who gave 'Sally in our Alley.' He sang it, and then came over to where I was sitting, and asked me where I heard him sing that song- before, when I told him it was in London at the 'Blue Lion,' before his trouble, he was very affected snd told me the whole circumstances of the case. It appears that this young fellow was of good family. A man named Probert and another named Thurtell were in the habit. of meeting and playing for fair stakes. There was another who generally turned up to take a hand with the dice at chicken hazard, His ntme was Ware. He lived at a place of the same name. Ware invariably won, and as a rule went away with his pockets pretty well lined. One night he won a large stake, and the three already mentioned lost heavily. It was arranged tbat they should rob Ware on his way home. So they met Ware at a lonely and secluded spot close to a large pond or p ol of some description. It was arranged that no violence of any descr'ption was to be used. Ware was deaf, and showed no inclination to hand over his money without offering sorue resistance. Thartell then deliberately mur dered the unfortunate fellow, and his body was thrown into the pool, where it was after wards found. Probert, who took no part in this murder, was acquitted, but afterwards hanged, for houaebreaking. It was proved that the party to whom I have referred as having met in the colony, and who turned Queen's evidence, assisted Thurtell to throw' the body into the pool, and wns sent to Botany Bay, while Thurtell was hanged. But I must say that the gentleman to whom I refer was a very good sort of a man, and lived an honorable and upright life, res pected by all, and never, as far as I know, played the game that caused him so much trouble. 