THE GHOSTS OF WOODSTOCK1 Ono o! the boat stories of a haunted ! houso is that whicH is related of tho Royal t'alace at Woodstock in tho year 1649, when tho commissioners sent from London 1 by the Long Parliament to take possession of it and efface all tho emblems of Royalty about it, wore fairly driven out by thoir four of tho devil, and tho annoyances thoy suffered from a roguish cuvalior.who playod tho imp to admiration. The commissioners, dreading at that timo no devil, arrived at Woodstock on tho 13th of October, 1049. Thoy took up thoir lodgingB in tho lato King's apartments, turned tho beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing rooms into kitchens and sculleries ; tho counoil-hall into a brow-houso, and mado tho dining room a place to koop firewood in. They pulled down all tho insignia of Royal State, and treated with tho utmost indignity ovoiything that recalled to their memory tho name of tho King. Ono Gilos Sharp accompanied them in tho capacity of clerk, and seconded thoir efforts apparently with the greatest zeal. Ho aided them to uproot u noble old tree, inorely became it was I cu llod tho King's oak, and tossed tho frag ments into tho dining-room to make cheer I ful fires for the commissioners. During tho first two days thoy hoard some strango noises about the house, but thoy paid no (rreat attention to them. On tho third, howovor, thoy began to suspect cl.ey hud Kot into bad company ; for thoy heard, as thoy thought, a supernatural dog under their bod, which gnawed thoir bodolothes. On the next day the chairs and tables began to dance, apparently of thoir own ac cord. On tho fifth day something camo I into the bed-ohambor and walked up and ! down, and fetching tho warming-pan out of | the witlulrawing-room made so much noiBe j With it that thoy thought fivo church bells woro ringing in thoir ears. On the sixth day I tho plates and dishes were thrown up awl down the dining room. On the sevonth day they ponetrated into tho bedroom in company with sovoral logs of wood, and usurped tho soft pillows intendod for tho commissioners. On the eight and ninth nights there was a cessation of hostnibicf, but on tho tenth tho bricks in tho chimneys became locomotive, and rattled and danccd about the floors and round the heads of the commissioners all the night long. On the eleventh the demon ran away with their breeches, and on tho twelfth filled their beds so full of pewter platters that they could nob got into them. On tho thirteenth night the glass became unaccountably seized with a lit of cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of the houso. On the fourteenth there was a noiso as if forty piecos of aitil I lory had been fired off and a shower of pebble stones, which so alarmed the com | missioners that, "struck with great horror, they cried out to ono another for help " i Thoy first of all tried the efficacy of prayers to drive away the evil spirits, but, those proving unavailing, they began seriously to reflect whether it would not bo much better to loave t.bo place altogether to the devil that inhabited it. They Ultimately resolved, however, to try it a little longer, and having craved forgiveness of all their sins betook themselves to bed. That night they slept in tolerable comfort, but it waa merely a trick of their tormontor to lull them into false security. When on tho suc ceeding night they hoard no noises they began to flatter themselves that tho devil was driven out, and prepared accordingly to take up their quarters for the whole wintor in the palace. These symptoms on their part became tho signol for renewed uproar among the fiends. On the 1st of November they heard something walking with a blow and solemn pace up and down the with drawing-room, and immediately afterwards a shower of stones, bricks, mortar, and broken glass pelted about their ears. On the 2nd the steps wore again heard in tho withdrawintr-room, sounding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormous bear, which continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noise having ceased, a large warming-pan was thrown violently upon the table, followed by a number of stones and the jawbone of a horse. Some of the boldest walked valiantly into the withdrawitig-room armed with swords and pistols, but could discover nothing. Thoy wore ufraid that night to go to sleep, and sat up making fires in every room, and burning candles and lamps in great abun dance, thinking that as the fiends loved darkness they would not disturb a company surrounded with so much light. They wove deceived, however, buckets of water came down the chimneys and extinguished the fires and tho candles were blown out, thoy Unow not how. Some of the servants, who had betaken themselves to bed, were drenched with putrid ditch water as they lay, and urose in great fright, muttering incoherent prayers, and exposing to tho wondering eyes of the commissioners their linen all dripping with green moisture, and their knuckles ted with the blows they had at the same time rocoived from some in visible tormentors. While they were still speaking there was a noiso like the loudest thunder" or the firing of a whole park of artillery, upon which they all fell down upon thoir knees and implored the protec tion of the Almighty. One of the commissioners then arose, the others still kneeling, and asked in a coura geous voice and in the name of God who was there, and what they had done that they should be troubled in that manner. No answer was returned, and the noises ceased for awhile. At length, however, as the commissioners said, " the devil camo again, and brought with it seven devils worse than itself." Being again in dark ness they lighted a candle and placed it in the 'doorway that it might throw a light upon the two chambers at once, but it was suddenly blown out, and one commissioner said that he had .' seen the similtude of a horse's hoof striking the candle and candle stick into the middle of the chamber, and afterwards making three escapes on the snuff to put it out." Upon this the same person was so bold as to draw his sword ; but he asserted positively that he had hardly withdrawn it from the scabbard before an invisible hand seized hold of it and tugged with him for it. and, prevail .lnp struck him so violent a blow with the pomme l that he was quite stunned. Then the noises began again, upon which, with one accord, they all retired into the pre Gence chamber, whefe they passed the night praying and singing psalms. They were by this time convinced that it was useless to struggle any longer with the powers of evil, that seemed determined to make WoodBtock thsir own. These things happened on tho Saturday night, and, , being ropeated on tho Sunday, thoy dotor minod to leavo tho placo immcdiatoly and return to London. By Tuesday morning early all theii preparations wore completed, and, shaking tho dust olT their feot, und de voting Woodstock and all its inhabitants to tho infernal gods, thoy finally took their dopurture. Many years olapHed before tho true cause of those disturbances was discovered. It was ascertained at the Restoration that the whole was tho work of 'Gilos Sharp, tho trusty elork of the commissioners. This man, whoso .real namo was Joseph Collins, was 11 ccncealcil Royalist, and had passed his early lifo within the bowers of Wood stuck, so thut ho knew overy hole and cor ner of tho plnco, and tho numerous trup doore and secret passnges thut abounded in I ho building. The commissioners, never suspecting the true state of his opinions, but believing him to be revolutionary to tho backbone, placed the utmost reliance upon him ; a confidcnco which ho abused in tho manner above dotuiled to his own great amusement and thut of tho few cavaliers whom he let into tho secret. 