i THE HON. E. BAETOX OM TUI: BILL. Tho lion. E. Barton, M.L.C., addressed a crowded meeting in the Masonic Hall on Thursday evening on the subject of Feder ation, and in advocacy of the Bill framed by the Federal Convention. The chair was occupied by His Worship the Mayor (Mr. 12. H. Utley). The gallery was occu pied by a nuinbor of ladies. Mr. Barton on entering was most cordially received. The Chairman, in introducing the speaker, referred to the opportunity tho people of Dubbo had of hearing one of Australia's greatest statesmen. Not only bad New South Wales given him this appellation, but the great Federal Conven tion in electing him as its leader had con firmed the title. Mr. Hatton was en deavouring to weld Australia into a nation ; and they welcomed him there that eveuiug. (Applause) Mr barton said ho had, at no time, ever had to apologise for appearing before a Dnb'.n audience. Thc town and district contained many of his oldest friends ; and I while they might differ in opinion it was a pleasure to him to know that such waa their relationship that they could afford to diametrically differ, and yet not have the slightest quur.vl when all was over. (.Applause). Opinion waa, no dou'it, divided there as elsewhere. He could have wished to have been before them at an cailier stage, but only lute in tho previous week had he lujen relieved from strenuous duties, aud teen enabled to take a full part in the campaign, and one id the first places he had at once set down to visit, was Dubbo. The Federal Bill had been repre sented in various ways - misrepresented, indeed, by many. There were many who had held op.nious in lbs past incompatible with Federation, and who would be likely ta oppose any Bill brought forward, and j yet would say they were as ¡.Teat Federa tionists us he was. The force of pu die opinion in the direction of uuiou migue be gauged by the fact that mo9t o tbe persons trying to secure the rejection of the rilli professed ardent love for Federation. A great many parsons had been making bogies to frighten the people : tivy had had tho financial bogie, the bounty bogie, the majority bogie, the amendment bogie, and the bogie of equal State representa tion ; and if ghost stories could frighten the ¡ people Federation would not be in the position in which it was-on the eve of being carried. Wherever he hid gone he had found a marked opinion in favour of the Bill, and it was to the credit of the com munity that they were not to be frightene I by bogies. He then sketched the early history of the rr.easurc, declaring the raising of the minimum of the majority required to bU.UOO as the " most flagrant breach of faith ever committed in A-iis tralian politics." The people who were clamouring for majority rule were" reek ing with the slaughter " of majority rule, in se tar ns they had provided that one man \- should rule TU.'JdD. (Cheers) Tho four principal objections were that the cost of Federation was too great, that New .-out'n Wales would have to finance the other colonies, that the constitution did not provide for majority rule, and that the constitution was an unalterable or "cast iron" one. He criticised the composition of the oppos'ng parties at some length. If they selected five from each wing of thc opposition, they would get from the ten in the way of a Bill the funniest mixture that Australia ever laughed at '. lt waa clear that these people were not opposing the Bill for the same reason-if they were all 6hut in a room, ihey would simply destroy eanh other. Of the honest Federa tionists opposing the Bill he would ask what were their eipectatious ? From the delegates of the late Convention they would not get another or n fairer com promise. Yet the others simply could not agree to give them a better Bill-or one nt all. The Anti-Feierationists in their I mmifes'o dared no" touch som? o' t!i( Icirdinal points-th» questions of tin I r va's-, etc.-simply be-ans. ta e.- could Iii.. :.¿ree utuong th'uiseive?. i'.c AM j r.-ceived a telegram that day from Syd.tey ! givins the resnlt of the tiodinp; of thi j Finauee l^omuiission. Th- r^pirt hat ! stated that the new exp^ndi ure nllonin« a murdin of £sV5,OeO) might be set dow a R £L'5'i,0(W. and the amount for new am ttinsferred services tl.tiOO (Xi -as again! the Convention eît iuiai" ot ¿ ¡,550,00. Th tariff required would be one of from si and a haÚ to ssven inilliouî. Tha queslio, of suvîn;» -aiuHtsrest by the taking ow of i the tie f-hud nob been coiiaidsrad byrttto; nommission...' ¿Ir. ííruce Smith had pub I dished an addendum takm-ir ijxception to the excessive allowance for new expen diture. Mr, Barton, at some detail, ex ¡ plained the difference between this estimate j and the estimate, of Mr. Coghlan, which had proved a greatly exaggerated one. He then proceeded to point ont that the services wera differently distributed from I the way they were in the Adelaide estimate. The additional cost of present services was there,placed under the head of " transferred services," and only abso lutely new services were classed'aa "new." The commission had taken another view, and added any additional expenditure on present sei vices, e.g. on military matter«, to "new " expenditure. The Finance Commission found that the tariff required would be between £8,500,000 and £7,000,000 instead of the £7,504,003 estimated by Mr. Coghlan. That report waa calculated to dispel the " finance bogie." Many of their prejudiced provincial friends they must leavo to vote against them, but the move ment in general must go on ; no projodice and no opposition would ever prevent the consummation of Federation. ( Applause. 1 There was nothing in the Bill that stipulated that the ¿nances of the colonies must be placed on a lovel basis. Those were wrong who told them the Bill would necessitate a policy of protec tion. The Constitution did not exnet that tho Parliament should frame this tariff or that, and though he himself was a pro tectionist, he had sedulously taken care that the people under the Federation should have every chance to establish their own policy. Referring to " Braddou's blot," he explained that itB motive was to secure economy on the part of thc Commonwealth, and also that tho different colonies should have sufficient from their customs and excise to carry on with. In all there was Al .fiOO.000 to bo found. It was open to the Commonwealth to impose a £4,000,000 tariff, and make the balance up by direct taxation. There was no provision forcing the i .'om icon wealth to raise its revenue only by customs and excise. It remained for thc Federal Parliament to choose the policy to bo adopted. He doubted the fairness of loading the new or extra ex penditure with the increased military expenditure ; because if this increase, were necessary it would be required whether tliey federated or not. (Hear, hear.) As to the question of surplus under a low tadlf, which was possible, this would be non-existent ; or under a high one, if they had a surplus, they thoms dves-the elec tors-would have the distribution of it. If the '. calamity of a surplus " betel N.8. W. -they hadn't had many blessings of that kind-he anticipated no great harm. In fact he had never heard that Mr. Lyne and other protectionists obj ec ed to any surplus that might result from the imposi tion of protective dnties. The raisiné- of au extra amount of ¿900,000 by the moderate Dibbä tariff was a lesson to those who said a high tariff would be necessary uuderthe Federation. Ile was'a protec tionist, but no longer in favor of provincial protection while there was a chance of getting Federation. (Cheers.) If it were true that the universal condition of New South Wales was not to labour under such retrenchment os at present, a surplus would help to ease the colony's finances. It might be possible to dispense with some taxation, with land sales, etc., and to pro vide a sinking fund for the reduction of the public debt. (Hear, hear.) There wero very many of them who thought Local Government would bu one of the best possible things for tho colony. It would cost inonoy in the first instance to establish this. Why not have a little of the Federal Burplus put to that ? (Cheers.) They were no doubt perfectly satisfied with the present state of their roads and bridges ! (No.) No doubt they would be able lo tell any Colonial Treasurer, present or future, what to do with a surplus. Given a uniform tariff of equal treatment all round, and a large and expanding market for Australian products, and the same conditions of production and iuipurtatiou, the people were likely to consume pretty much on the same ratio, differences would disappear, ¡iud an equality would be reached. There were only three bases of distribution of the Federal surplus-the " local needs " liasis, the " per capita " basis, and the basis proposed in the Bill. The first aud second of these were ad mittedly unfiir-the only other was that, under the Hill. He explained the five years' bookkeeping system provided as a oasis for calculating the effect of the tariff and for framing ii permanent system for distributing the surplus. The Bill insisted on a " fair " distribution, not one accord ing lo the local needs of thu various colonies. It was only on the supposition that the people of the other colouies were plunderers and rogues- and if this were so they should not attempt to associate with them-that the arguaient MS to toe surplus being improperly taken by the iiitaller states could be substantiated. It ivas said that the Hill was undemocratic, iud did not provide foi majority rule. Ou thc contrary, the Constitution was the only Due in which both Houses sprang from the people by popular election, and ou the widest sulir.ge. Wai it possible then that they would not trust the Federation - nuder a Constitution on Unes so deuiocratn: .hat their own appeared highly lory com pared with it ? All the difficulty appeared to ue about tho equal representation iu the Senate. But it would ne idle to have one louse a mere replica of the other-a sham iud a waste There must be a difference iu their natures and bases. Waa it a fact :hat there was proportionate representation in the Senate in any other Federation in die world y lhere was no proportionate representation in Canada, hut an approxi mation to equality. In Germany, Prussia with :i(),00 >,0 JO liad J7 members, while ither ¡states had but one euell, but thu ratio of populathu waá as 2 IO to 1. The biggest difference in the proposed A nst ra llan Federation was as 1 to 8, in Germany as 1 to il. The reason of equal lvpro. sentation in the Renate was that the States were eqnnl contracting partios, ll they would not enter into a Cucventioi without equal representation, was it likely they would cuter into a Federation r Thej merely claimed tina, as the Fed erat i oe might affect their autonomy and indi viduality they must have pOA-er to delay i measure which would swamp them. Fi nancially for iustance. one State might by the incidence of taxation, be al most ruined, and its local finances si dislocated that its individuality would W jeopardised. But after all the srualle .states could not resist indefinitely, and thu; certainly could not carry a bill, t he pro vision of a double dissolution was an ad vance leagues beyond anything known ti English democracy. With the prospect o: a double dissolution would the Houses bi likely to continue their discords Ï Ko much! He ridiculed theideaof the smalle States-three mice, swallowing thc larger two alligators. In any event Victoria am NIB fc-oiith Wales would, in the join sitting, have between them inure thar the three-fifihs vote. f«ut how were the; going to have these dead-locks r liver State would depend lor its finances, in - far os Customs and excise revenue wa coueerned. on the monthly return of th eu.-p'.u.=, and the State whose Senators re eistet would financially suffer most. A to the " railway aud rivers" proposal th vole o' those was-justice, lutereolonis freetrade was the basis of the Bill. Th internal markets must b° freely open. 1 would not do to süow railway traine pas¡ obstructed. Fracteduç «nd protectionist jillet unite to «mie this intercolonial five trade no sha* hut a reality. (Cheers). Under the Bill rates calculated to defeat this must io down. Toe inter-' toto Com - mission would decide as to the justice and reasonableness of rates. Ko violation of honest intercolonial trade must be per mitted. The Dill provided that the clauses should not he interpreted so strictly aa to turn existing lines into old iron, and there fore respect mast be had to the monetary responsibilities and working expenses of any line, lite internal tariff of a Stat« could not be interfered with except that the rate most be uniform. The Common wealth could regulate thc intercolonial traffic along the rivers, but had no right to the water aa such. The Bill provided that the Federation should not in any way hamper the right of a State or its citizens to tho reasonable use of the water of their rivers for water conservation and irriga tion purposes. He did not expect that these two powers would ever conflict. The Constitution waB ten times moro easy to amend than the American Constitution ; but not a Hue could be altered till the people sanctioned the alteration. He ex plained tho provisions-and claimed that the only difficulty-viz., that a majority must be shown in a majority of States -was not unfair. The proposed Con stitution was not harder to amend thais men of settled policy and with public opinion behind timm would find possible. (Idear, hear). The Premier had furnished them with one great argument in favour of the Bill in his statement that a Convention would not eit unless all the colonies interested wera allowed equal representa tion, and that " with equal representation they could not get a fairer Bill than the present." It would certainly le the height of frivolity and absurdity to offer them the dead sen, trub of the Federal Council. Such a proposition would be fought by him to the bitter end. Tho whole thing resolved itself into this - Federation now, or not in our time. They must sacrifice something-hut the dangers of disunion were, in every way, greater than those of union. It was in their very effort to get union that they cam« against tile vested interests which were now stumbling blocks,and the damage wrought by these must go on increasing. They had been told that Britain's poUcy of isolation could not go on They had beeu told by a British statesman that he would welcome the day when the stars and stripes and the Union Jack floated together over un alliance of the Anglo Saxon race. (Great applause). He would not antici pate that iingland was to go down-but against u combination she might, at th« outset, suffer reverses. It was the duty of the colonies to be prepared. They owed a duty to the history and solidation of the Empire. Were they to go on quibbling about clauses nt such a time, or to take the step of uuiou and stand Ly the Empire. H« called on them not to fuller or stand shivering on the brink, but on June S to tak« that s ep that could give them the only possible pride in the doing of it. (Creal applause.) in reply to a question Mr. Barton said the position of tjueeusland was that she might come in as an original State a' any tiuie between this and the issue of t4ie proclamation, but her politicians had already declared that their colony was merely waiting for New South Wales lo pass ihe Bill, and that if she .Queensland) came in al all it would be under the present Bill. ( beers.) Mr. W. Davidson moved a résolu ion in favour of the Bill, which wus seconded by Mr. J. Heid, and carried wiih about half a doaan dissentients-many refraining from voting. On the motion of Mr. .1. Morgan, an enthusiastic vote of thanks was toudered to Mr. Barton. A vote of thanks luviug been tendered to the Chaunnan, cheers for the Queen und forUniied Australia concluded the mee iug. 