THEATRICAL NOTES. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, May 27, 1898. "A RUNAWAY GIRL." To the long line of successful Gaiety girls Mr. George Edwardes has added another, to wit, "A Runaway Girl." He produced her on Saturday night and being very much the same sort of winsome, willful, tuneful, terpsichorean damsel as her predecessors she found im- mediate favor. To drop metaphor, the new Gaiety medley by Seymour Hicks and Harry Nicholls is of the some brand as the "Circus Girl," the "Shop Girl," and a bright and merry niece, full of fun and music, and destined, I think, to have as long a run as any of those produced by Mr. Edwardes during the last few years. It has more plot than the Gaiety habitues are accustomed to, but less than would be requisite to success at any other house. The story is not strikingly original either, but what matters that so long as alert comedians can revel in songs and dances and crowds of ravishing beauties in resplendent costumes can pervade the play. The Runaway Girl is a schoolgirl being educated at a convent in Corsica, where the rules permit of picnics, cigarettes, and cham- pagne; where the pretty girls go out in the woods under the lax supervision of Lay Brother Tamarind. The head girl of the school is Winifred Grey, who is ignorant of her birth and state until she is suddenly told that her guardian is a lord, and that she is to prepare to marry a husband he has chosen for her at once. Winifred, not liking the prospect, runs away with a troupe of mandolinists, accompanied by Brother Tamarind, who is lured by the fascinations of a female member of the troupe who hails from the Blackfriars-road. Winifred is borne off to Ajaccio, of which we get a pretty view. Here she sings in the streets and captivates one Guy Stanley with a pretty song called "The singing girl." Of course Guy Stanley is the very husband who has been selected for her by her guardian, Lord Coodle, but they are both unaware of it. They make love at once, and the minstrels take advantage of the flame to blackmail Guy by compelling him to join a bogus secret society on payment of £200 so that he may be near his dear one. In this bond as witness also enters a cockney jockey, who has joined Lord Coodle under false pretences as courier, and here is the reason for some very funny episodes, in which Mr. Edmund Payne appears, and in which his attempts to speak foreign languages as courier, and his dreadful fear of the secret society that condemns him to assassinate Guy, cause roars of laughter. Guy, failing to pay the £200, flies with Winifred and the jockey to Venice, fearing the vengeance of the minstrels. Thither also go Lord and Lady Coodle with a numerous band of tourists in search of the runaway schoolgirl. The minstrels follow, intent on talcing the life of Guy, but tlieir pro ceedings are of little moment. Venice is about to have a carnival and everylmdy puts on gor geous costumes to assist in one of those eye ravishing revels that Mr. Edwardes delights in. Of course the heroine is fouud at last and is united to the man she loves. The stage relation of this slight story is in most capable hands. Miss.Terriss, who is a delightful Winifred, compels attention early with a pretty eong, " The sly cigarette." When she joins the minstrels she singe a charming sonjr, "The singing girl," and in the second ast the beauty- of- a moonlight song, "Beautiful Venice," with a gondolier's "Good uighf refrain, is contrasted with a droll ditty, "The boy guessed right," which was one of the hits of the play. Mr. Payne and Miss Katie Seymour have a du"t in the carnival scene which revives memories of Lonnen and the " Bogey man." As a couple of {black piccaninnies afraid of "tile goblius" they carry all before them in clever dancing of the plantation kind. Mr. W. L. Brad Geld, who is the Guy Stanley, scores in a song, "1 ■don't think that's tire sort" Mr. Monk houso is tne lay brother of the convent who takes to singing boleros for love of the lady from Blackfriars-road. and the latter has a laughable representative in Sliss Connie lidiss, who is the essence of drollery. Her whimsi cally piquant sons "Society" in the second act will I am sore tour the world long before tbe play itself. Many of the male members of the company had little to do but did it well. Miss Ethel Haydon has only a .small part; but to her lot falls & splendid song by Lionel Monckton called "The soldiers in the park," which will most certainly be Played on barrel organs * And by every German -band, like the song of the little choir boy of a morbid turn of mind. "TERESA," OB THE FATAL HAIEFIX. Sir. George Pleydeii Bancroft's numerous West- End friends went over to CamberweU the other night to witness the pro duction of his first play, "Teresa." They went to appiaud and carried out their intentions so well that they roused the- wrath of the critics, Mr. Bancroft dis covered that next morning. His play is not a bad one as melodramas go, but it is lar from a masterpiece. Tne main fault is that tbe author has made his heroine act in such a manner that instead of captsring one's sympa thies she makes one long to smack a little com monsense into her socialisticaliy twisted brain. This heroine is Teresa, daughter of. the Marchese di Mincani, a handsome Italian girl, who with her father encourages the cause of socialism in her native land. She has two suitors for her hand. One is Count Caprile, a double-dyed villain of first-class Adelpui pattern, and of course despised^by Teresa; the other is Valentine Elsbrook, son of the British Ambassador at Rome, a pattern of all the virtues, but who, as the bosom friend of revo lutionaries would be better away from the embassy. To Valentine Teresa has given her heart; and when the play opens we discover that her hand is to follow it next day. Unhappiiy certain political affairs require the lady to take a walk in a lonely wood on the eye of her marriage, and there she meets quite acci dentally Valentine's brother Claude, who by reason of his close relationship to the virtuous hero is of course an unutterable blackguard. Ue lays violent hands on Teresa, not knowing who she is, and she, not knowing who he is, promptly takes from her hair a dagger-like pin (called a spQlo), stabs him, and bolts, leaving the fatal weapon behind. Claude not being further required for the purpose of the play dies where lie drops. Teresa hurrieshorae. Obviously her rational course under the cir cumstances is to apprise the police of what had occurred. True this would involve a con fession to her fiance that she bad buen wander ing about in darkness in disguise (a gross breach of Italian etiquntte, as the author is at some pains to enforce on tbe audience), but as her motives were perfectly innocent and her fiance is a man cf honor with a full faith in his intended bride, he might bs relied on to accept her explanation. Teresa, however, prefers to be silent. Presently the discovery is made that her assailant was the progfiiate younger brother of her betrothed—a very unpleasant discovery indeed, but still it was obviously the business of the lady to state the facts. Yet still Teresa is obstinately silent. As might be exacted the irrational conduct leads to woes unnumbered, Teresa declines to fulfil her promise to marry, though she rtill frequents the haunts of her perplexed and unhappy lover. She also become a prey to melancholy and goes round talking of the hell of remorse, tbe hell of conscience, and other equally un pleasant places and things. Meanwhite Count Caprile has discovered her secret and uses iiis knowledge to compel her to listen to iris suit, till at last the wretched Teresa can see no way out of the embarassments she has created for herself than that of sending Valentine out of the room aud plunjtiug the fatal hairpin into her own heart. That is the end of Teresa and the play. Notwithstanding the inconsistencies with which the part abounds Teresa was made much of by Miss Violet Vanbrugh, who was really powerful in her description of the adventure in the wood, and in the "last scene of all" where tbe innocent girl having stabbed herself clings tottering to tbe curtains until strength fails her and she giresup the ghost. Mr. Arthur Bourchier did all that was possible with the character of Valentine. Mr. Laurence Irving as Count Caprile was too full of jerks and hcad-shakinge, and grimacings and posturings to be effective. " divorced." Mr. Reginald P. RutteHs "'original domestic drama" in four acts entitled "Divorced" was produced at the Imperial Theatre last Thurs day. The play has the merit of being inte resting and at' times exciting, but it is not particularly original And the dialogue, though good for the most part, is marred by mixed metaphors. For instance, we find the disre putable old father of the heroine pleading with his dutiful daughter thus: — " Shall I sink lower and lower in my degra dation.'or will you prevent the poisoned arrow from further penetrating my heart f Tbe father isColbrook Chugley, known in the rascally gang of which Sir EdwinKelmaris "theking"as "the royal toff," a title being presumably intended as a satire upon his dirty and slovenly appear ance. Uis daughter Violet has been brought ■ up and cared for liy his old rival James ' Rookley, who is knows as "the Australian j millionaire." Violet is being wooed by Kelmar , for the sake of the fortune be supposes she will ] inherit, but curiously enough there has sprang < up an attachment between her and Leonard ' Minton, whose wife had been led from the ' path of matrimonial fidelity by Kelmar, has ( been divorced by her husband and abandoned ; by her betrayer, and has been by him left | i I dead in the.wood near Eookley's residence, the j i I tiring of a spring-gun laying her prostrate ' and seemingly lifeless. In the end Kelmar is ' thoroughly exposed, and would be altogether ! ruined but for the love and forgiveness of Airs. ; Minton, who offers him the chance of croing i out to Australia and taking possession of tbe i farm provided for her by Bootley. Kepenting ; somewhat of his wickedness towards her be begs her to go with him, and when the curtain finally falls it is supposed that the people who have been made supremely miserable are going to be supremely happy. 