* -» IS - , , ^ ; TmitHe Burning Accident. ABYDNION A HOT STB AM ^%n>lllN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFOL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt) Street, a Mr. Jar vis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to b) very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and ether forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighborhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from his appa rently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown Street, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said :—" You want to know all about my case % Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so Bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; E was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt Street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms V9 " Simple indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were >ust about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no oontrol oyer my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On March 23 last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." , " Did voti make use of the order V9 "No; T came home and went to bed, and I have been pretty well in bed' ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was ail over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use: of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, jus. as a drowning man will grab at a straw, T grasped' at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pmk Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I deter mined to give the pills a trial any way, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme diately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those, crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink PiUs, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." " He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had taken the baby on her knees. " The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fort night previous. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am now in no pain whatever, and feel now like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out there." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as ansemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indiges tion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, <fcc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.8.W, Legisla tive Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remark able case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed- ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospita1, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the com plete recovery of J arvis. ^hese wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, obe box for 2s. 9d.f or half-dozen for 15s. 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Wil liams' are gotten. 