? ? _ — . wJUtSuHOlka Notes. It would be rather interesting to hear Australian experience on the point raised in an article qii'fcd ft-rtin i» our laerary column last wet-k. In tint article a British snake expert denied that snakes exc tod any fascination over birds and other victims a1? popularly supposed, alleging thit only monkeys and men had iusliuitive fnar of snakes. The same poiut ,is bjing discussed in America/' aucl a correspondent of the 'Scientific Amerirvin thus veters t.nifc ? ? '? 'MV uttonhlr.n hoc been called tD an article iu your paper, in which jour contributor spates that he considers the power of snakes to fascinate buds is an exploded idea. I should like in reply tog.ve au account of an cccuneuce which took place iu my presence wh'-le travelling through the mountains of Kuril Cjunty, Califun.ia, and which I thiuk goes far to prove the contrary. I was riding and hid cnViaddled to eat Eouae lunch wheu 1 was attracted by aa un usual excitement among a dock of siu-ill birds in a neighbouring tree. Ou looking up I saw stretched almg a limb a g Dpher suake, aid isifi\ut cf it about Ibin. distant was a bird, whose companions vote making the noise tlmt had attracted me. The bird was perfectly motionless and (o all ap pearance was looking straight at the snake, which was gradually creepiug t) wards its prey. When abouc -Siu. away it struck \nd caught the bird by the breast : the latter at once Bfarted struggling to free itself, its companions trying to help it 'by beating the suake with tlieir wings, but without avail. The reptile then lowered itself toward the ground, hanging suspended by its tail for a few moments before it dropped ; having done so, it lay still for m few minutes, but upon my making a movement it dropped its prey aud made off. Tins incident I think proves that this particular suake at any rate had soiue power ot fascination, and I would'call the attention of your contributor to the notions, or rather want of action, i;i the bird, as al though the snake was iu full view of it all the time, and notwithstanding the fact that its companions were doing all in their power to drive the snake away, it still remained passive, aud apparently powerless to move.' We would like to hear what the experience of our settlers in snuke-hifesled country lias been ou the point. The seat of the rug-ruakiug industry of Japan is the town of Sa'kai, situated about tight miles south , of Osaka. The rugs made are principally from jute, the number of people employed in the manufacture being about 90'0O. mostly children between seven and sixteen yeats old. An English technical journal says that in the course of last year The Sa'kai weavers have? marto a step forward by turning their attention to the manufacturing of wool rugs, and tbey are now able to turn out a veiy creditable article, which, in appearance an i dura bility is almost e jual to a Turkish carpet. Although this branch of the industry is yet in its infancy, it employs 480 weavers on 120 looms, and can turn out 1*20 square yards daily. The warps and weft aie otto:), thtJ tilling wool yarn. Most of the wool yarn is manufactured froni Chinese raw wool spun in Osaka. An important improvement in the rug husiuess is (he .attention now paid to dyeing colour's. Fast dyes and beautiful s Lades are taking the place of tlieir former attempts in this respect, and the. c seems no question but that the quality of their work is now much superior to what it was a year ago. A good lftany Japanese manufactures are Eciit to Aus tialia, and iu this regard a Sydney importer told us the other day that iu the liues which he particu larly dealt with the Japs had gone to very great expense in the impoitat'.on of German niacameiy aud (.ierinan expert.*, and were now placing their ponds on tho. markets. The result was tho ilis tv.u'Piy that tbe Gi'vmninVed articles were not suited to the colonial trado, while one mill whir.h lnitl adopted English niiic.hiueiy aud English methods hail b?eii so fortunate in hitting the taste hire that it luul acquired a virtual monopoly. A modem health iriiter lias tins to say of Uie ah inhaled on a.u ocean voyage, and its advantages to the ill or exhausted man : — ' The special nu van- tages of an ocen.ii atmosphere are : Its entire freedom from the dust oninion to domestic conditions — par ticles of tissue wastes of all sorts, hair, stiaw, foxthers, cobwebs, . insects, dried sputa, &e.; ; from tiaiuc dust, the wear of travel and friction ; from all lusoluble and irritating grit, wafted from payed streets, houses, walls, dusty roads, or sandy plains. It is air, iu short, that contains a maximum of the elements essential to Hie aud health, aud a mini mum only or none at all of the deleterious sub stances always iloatmg iu gi eater or lesser degree in the lower stratum of the atmosphere over the laud. The pure soft air soothes the nerves, iuvigorates the functions, promotes sleepiness, and wel:omes repose. Souud slumber supervenes, and wiih no busiuess appointments to be met, abundant time,»s taken for breakfast, dinner, and tea, with au invigorated appe tite and improved digestion. The invalids to whom au ocean ntmosphere is most commendable aie pointed nut by that which is just stated — consump- tives in the incipient sla^e and persons predisposed to consumption ; persons of scrofulous diathesis; persons afflicted with nervous complaints— not or ganic nervous diseases, but the easily jeccgnieed condition's of overwork, though often uudetinable, the result o£ physical -or mental nervous strain, anxiety, worry, irritability debility, nervous break down, insomnia ; aud persons afflicted with chronic nephritis.' Dr. Audrew Wilson, in his' Scence Notes ' in the ' Illustrated London N'ews,' lias this to say of some recent discoveries : — The discoveries of Dr. W. .T. Kussell announced iu his Bakerian Cecture de livered before the Royal Socety are likely to excite a high degree of scientific interest. The experi ments he described on the action exerted by certain metals and otber bodies ou photographic plates bid fair to equal in importance the discovery of the famous X-rays themselves. For Dr. Russell has shown that ou photographic plates, and in the ab Eence of light waves, pictures or impressions of cer tain objects may be taken. The investigations have been made in the laboratory of the Royal Institu tions locale associated with the famous names of Faraday, Tyndall, De war, and ethers. It appears that if polished zinc be laid on a photographic plate in the dark its image will be reproduced on the plats, even to the extent of showing forth any scratches its surface may present. It is also stated that like results may be accomplished through screens of various kiuds interposed between the plate aud the objects. Not metals alone are capable of thus beiug reproduced ou sensitised plates, for it seems a section of the stem of a larch tree gives a very perfect impression of its structure and of the rings which mark its growth. The physical side of these experiments is, of course, a matter which the future will aloue be able to develop aud explain : but it is evident that our i«ieae of the nature and action of light waves must undergo considerable modifies tioa as tbe result of iu vestigations of the kind Dr. Ru?sell has undert«ker-. There is another phase of the matter, also, which should not escape the notice of the iutelligeut reader. Time affei time in this column I have ridiculed the pretensions of the spiii'ualistic and thought-reading fraternity, et hoc genus (nine, suggesting that where ordinary and clever conjuring cannot explain the suppoEtd mystical riheiicrnieria., purely physical processes, of tbe natare of wliich we are yot ignorant, insy. Spiric-phoiograjjh?. for instance, ff rm part cf the stccJr-ia-ira^e of these mo eru miiacle-monfrerp, and everybody kuows the allegation* mule regard - }'sr the production of these iaipressioas. A blurred Hnige ou a uou-espossd phot 'graphic plate is alleged to bu tho reproduc'.ion of a spirit imagi, pi'o ffCf* Ou tlle P'^te, uwsumibly, by its own dim eitulgence. But' Dr. iiuj3fc.ll s investigations sug gest that such impiessiDUi may be the result of ord-- n«y physical processes, and that th- so-called spirit image j are really m-,tince? of reproductions of ordi ta'?' Tf1^ W'tn which the Plate uas beeQ iu cou' , j eveii tho tvps ou a newspaper can be photo graphed in the dirk, it would be ea,y to substitute ior the type a drawing of a ghost or of a deceased parson, and thus to obtiia a modern marvel. I do uot suggest tie spiritualists have been scientific enough to auticipite Dr. Russell ; but 1 do lay that cuinee ^productions, of the nature of spoiled plates, may have mxsqueroded as mysterious uhoto graphs of the kind submitted as ' spiritual.' * 