[By Bertha M. Clay.] CHAPTER XXV—(Continued.) It was some minutes before she could summon sufficient courage to leave the shadow of the pillar and make her way to the door; but at last she passed out of the church, and closing the door be hind her, stood in the porch, draw ing her shawl around her and 1 struggling hard for the composure so difficult to gain. She looked around her with half-feared scrutiny, and seeing nothing ghostly or human, went to the gate. As she put her hand upon it she heard something move, and looking up saw a figure ad vancing swiftly toward her. It was no vision, however, but Caryl Wilton. He peered at her uncer tainly for a moment and then with a gesture of "relief advanced to her side. ■ Is it you ?' she said, forcing a smile. ' Why are you here—why do you stare so ? Do I look like a—ghost ?' 1 Forgive me/ he said, in a low voice; ' I could not remain in the house while you were out here alone.' ' How long have you been here r she asked. , , 'Not more than a few minutes. ' Not more than a few mintues!' she repeated. ' Did you see any thing?' And she looked back at the church with an irrepressible shudder. 'Yes,' h© replied. ' Yes !' and she started, and un consciously, laid her hand on his arm, looking at him with eager, alarmed eyes. ' Yes,' he said; 51 saw Mr. Miles Barton.' Her hand . would have fallen from his arm again, as she turned away with a. sigh of mingled relief and disappointment, but he laid his hand on hers and drew it closer to him. ' Mr. Miles Barton,' he repeated. ' He was lounging about the path, with a cig;ar in his mouth. Did you see him ? Did he 'frighten you? Because if so I will avail myself of the opportunity to ex press my antipathy to that gentle man by administering to him a sound kicking.' ' No/ she said. ' Why should you ? What harm does the man do ? You saw no one else ?' ' No one else/ he auswered, j looking at her earestly. ' Have you seen any one or been fright » ened? Your hand trembles—^—' 'You were right, after all,' she interrupted him, with a little laugh. ' I am nervous and fright ened at shadows. It was kind of, 'you to wait for me. Are they still singing and card-playing ?' ' Most of them are gone/ he re plied; 'and I am supposed to liave gone. Sir Richard thinks you are in your rooms.' 4 And Guy ?' she asked. ' Guy! he said, with a frown. c Guy I passed on the terrace. He looked—well, to put it mildly, tired, and was splashed with mud, as if he had been riding hard. Poor Guy!' 'Why do you pity him?' she disked.' ' Because I have a fellow feeling for him—we are in the same boat. 'You do >not look tired,'' she said, with forced lightness. ' Do I not ? Look at me,' he re torted, and stopped short. J'... She raised, her eyes^ and looked Cy^him in the moonlight. If he did noi^' look tired, he did look ^worifc and restlessly anxious. Her eyes drooped. Do I not look tired tired of playing a part, of eating my heart out in silence and dissimulation ? Constance — do not take your hand away—I am a changed being.' She looked up again with a switfc glance. Ifc was true. He was no more like the indolent, nonchalant man who had saun tered ^ into the theatre in San Francisco than a man working haid for his life is like a lounger in Pall Mall. ° I am a changed man,' he re peated, almost bitterly. ' You know what has worked that, change; yet I will tell you if I niay. Great Heaven! why do you not trust me ?' _ She faced him, white and pant ing, her delicate nostrils inflated, her lips apart, like a beautiful animal at bay. ' Why should I ?' Because, he said, almost sternly in his earestness, <1 love you.' j She attempted to draw her arm away from his, but he prevented her. 4 No, do not take your hand away, do not affect surprise- My love is no new thing to you. You have known it now for months. For days it has been at least a cause of peace for you. You have known that my love would shield you. Constance—Maida—which name shall I call you ?—I love you by either name.5 She panted and looked at him with, a half-frightened, half-de fiant gaze. 4 My darling!' he murmured, stretching out his hand appeal did you think such love as mine would be blind ? X knew you the moment I saw you in Eng land . How could it be otherwise, seeing that I carried your face with me night and day, since the night you sent me from you with scorn and contempt ? I knew you, but I hid my knowledge from all save you. And I would have saved even you the trouble of knowing that your secret was known, but I was mad with love for you, and I could not do that. I could not risk losing you. But if I let you know I haye kept others from the forbidden knowledge. Have I not stepped between vou and the prying eyes of envy and malice? And I have not even sought to penetrate that past which you have kept so closely hidden : wh-y I do not know.' You do not know.?' she mur mured, as if that was all of his passionate speech she had heard, -Mghi ,ln truth had been thrilled by the eager woi'cis. ' As Heaven is my witness I do not ^:now I do not care to guess. I love you too dearly to seek to pry lino your secret—if you have one; but still I ask why do -you not trust me ?' < "^ou ^ s^ie muriliured. xes, he went on earnestly, his lace pale and working; * why should you not? Do you fear that 1 would betray you ?' ' No,' she murmured. ' What is it you suspect ?' ■I-- suspect nothing,' he res ponded, almost passionately. 'Ij will not even conjecture why you, once Maida Carringford, are now Oonstance Hartleigh. X love you and at times X have a presenti ment that you are in danger ; that is enough for me. I am your slave, and would be your protec tor. Give me the right to protect you. 1 love you ! X love you ! be you Maida Carringford or Constance Hartleigh, it matters not to me. Xt is you yourself, who stands, here, that I love. Let there be no barrier of mysterious I reserve between us—to-night' at least. It is no idle fancy, this love of mine, born to flit a fickle hour and then to die, butteriiy fashion. See what ifc has lived through! Your scorn that night— which you would forgot, but you cannot—was fierce enough to blast an unstable passion; mine has lived through it. Constance— Maida—what have you to say to me ?' And as he stood before her in his passionate entreaty, he clasped her in his arms with nervous energy. She had stood and listened, the color coming and going in her beautiful face, the light rising and falling in her dark, eloquent eyes. And as his passionate appeal had proceeded, a strange look had crept over her face. It was not scorn this time. It was as if her barque were finding its way out of the troubled waters into a peace ful haven. A response as pas sionate as his appeal was on her lips, and she yearned to throw herself on his bosom and rest there like a tired child. Then why did she draw back from him with a shudder when he circled her in his arms ? Why did she draw the mask of coldness over her features ? Alas ! the name of Maida re called her to herself—recalled to her the fact that Maida Carring ford would carry a taint into any home, while only Constance Hart leigh could hide the shame which Sir Richard had of his own act entailed on one of his daughters. 'You,know not what you ask,' she breathed. ' Do I not ?' he said, moving aside that the moonlight might fall on her exquisite loveliness. ' Do I not ?' he repeated, gazing at her significantly, with a world of loving admiration in his eyes. ^£ No,' she retorted with a sad j bitterness. 'Which woman is it j that you love ?—is it Maida Car ! ingford or is it Constance Hart 1 leigh ?' ' I love you," he cried hotly, called by either name. It is you whom I love with all that is good within me. You speak mysteri ously—-there is more mystery which I cannot solve. I will not ask a question ; if you do not care ! to trust me I am indifferent. You will learn to trust me in time, to trust me with everything.' , She shuddered slightly, but not so slightly as to escape him. ' Do you doubt me ?' he hoarsely I cried. 4 No,' she said, with an infinite pathos,4 but there is none whom I i can trust—none 1' j * There is some strange mystery ! which stands as an intangible barrier between us,' he said almost fiercely. ' Yes, I will ask you one question,' he broke out, as if with a sudden resolution. ' I know that you are Maida Carringford; I will ask if you are Sir. Richard's | daughter ?' ! A spasm seemed to pass over i her face, her lips quivered, and | her eyes contracted ; but these signs of an intense emotion passed in a moment and looking him steadily in the face she sadly said : ' I am Sir Richard's daughter 1' J ' Thank Heaven 1' he said. Then with swift self-reproach he seized her hand. ' Constance—I will not call you by that other name again —forgive me !—I have been a fool. Let me confess how stupendous has been my folly. I—forgive me knowing you had concealed some thing of your past life from Sir Richard—I was fool enough to imagine that there was some other and greater motive for that con cealment than the natural one— and it was only probable that you should dislike to have your stage life chattered and slandered about by the friends of your new life. You were right, quite right. But why did you distrust me ? Why did you refuse to show me your mother's picture ?—why avoid all mention of that past with which I was acquainted ? Could you not trust me ? You knew I loyed you —tell me that Constance—you knew I loved you ?' ' Yes,' she faintly murmured. 4 You know I love you now most truly, most dearly, with all my heart and soul. Answer me, my love^my darling.' With. a low sob she drew her hand from his arm and covered her face. Gathering courage from her weakness, he put his arm around her and drew her nearer to him. f Constance, my lov-e !—my only love!' he murmured. For a moment the tired head rested gladly, contentedly on his shoulder. Then the remembrance of her tainted name came to her, and, as if stung, she started back, and putting out her hand to keep him from her said brokenly : ' No, no ! Do not speak to me —do not look at me ! If—if you love me leave me now without another word—go! Oh, go, go!' Leaning toward her, white and troubled, he held out his hands. ' If I love you ? Do you doubt it, Constance ?' and his voice grew suddenly stern in its intensity. 4 Can you look at me and tell me. that you do not love me—can you ?' She faltered for a moment and then raised her eyes to his. ' Go!' she said in a hollow voice. 'I do—I do not love you! Be satisfied.' His arms fell to his sides and he turned his head with a smothered groan. ' Heaven forgive you !' he mut tered hoarsely. ' A moment ago I would have sworn that yoii did love me.' ' No, no J' she cried piteously; 'I—I did not know what I was doing. I ought not to have lis tened. ^ I—oh, pity me and go !' ' No, he said in a sharp tone of great agony suppressed, •'X can-1 not leave you here. Come !' and he held out his arm. Slowly, falteringly, she put her hand within it and with averted •' head allowed him to lead her to the terrace. Within the lightthafc streamed from an open door he stopped and allowed her arm to • fall to her side. Then he raised;, his hat and was going without a word, but he could not resist a last look, and as his eye fell thirstily' on her beautiful face so pale ancl sad, his anguish came rushing to his lips. ' Constance,' he hoarsely said, do not send me away. 3?or mercy s sake do,not. Let me stay near you! See what a pitiful fel- 7 low my love makes of me. Let me keep near you, like some faith- . ful dog, to be made happy by a cold smile or a meaningless word. Do not send me away. Let me stay, and—who knows ?—this barrier that divides us may be broken down.' j She shook her head and though ! there were no tears in her eyes her voice was full of them as she : murmured : ; ' Never, never ! No power on earth can bridge the gulf that divides us. It is best that we should part. The time will comb when you will thank me for letting you go—will be grateful to me for saving you from the pitfall toward which I have drawn you. Go, now,' and she held out her hand. ' He took it eagerly. It was hot and burning. He passionately elunc to it. (TO BE'CONTINUED.) 