The Municipal Stakes. [By Vulcan.] Tjiis classic event will bo negotiated to morrow by five 'hosscs' whose pedigrees I gave in detail in last Friday's issue. At present Air. and Mrs. Maclean and family are on the tiptoe of expectation. The ciders, of course, have a natural liking for the old performers, but the maids aro muchly concerned aixmt me cnauces or tno two colts. i\ carry every body you converse or drink or smoko or wrangle or fight witb has his particular 'bunch' (this word has been borrowed from tho Federal election), and nearly everybody has a different selection from the other fellow, and according to everyouo this ' boss ' or that ''boss' hasn't got the ghost of a show. The 'racing' fever has caught on in real earnest, and some q£ the knowing ones have got it so bad that thoy 'decorate' tanks, wharves, posts, doors, and walls with the names of their fancied lucky three Xc-edless to say that they (tho 'decorators') do not got tho thanks (no pun intended) of the occupiers of tho dwellings whose walls have been covercd^vith strange hieroglyphics, purporting to be the 'krect tip' for tho great event which will bu run to a finish to-morrow. Owing to the 'indisposition ' of the religious Kcribc, 'Vulcan' was deputed to 'do' the various stables and give the numerous readers of thu Advocate the benefit of his observa tions. I do not protend to bo a 'Wragge or a llussell, nor can I say whether tho next Sunday school picnic will bo a dry affair or not, or that if it will rain between this aud^eternity, but I claim to have a. little knowledge or municipal anairs, and would have entered for to-morrow's event but for ouo reason — I'd got only one vote (my own). To return to the 'bosses.' Being a fancier of The King I visited bis stable first. The old hero is feeding well and daily develops more avoirdupois. Ho lias given no trouble at all, and always comes up to his ?'rations' punctually. It is a very good sign in an 'old hoss' if he eats well. The King is taking things with a xoxcii.vl.vxck that is really ummzk ing ! He is in the pink of condition, and his spark ling eyes denote determination — if put to the test. The beatific smiles of tho trainer, and tho glowing, opinions of the jockey (Sammy Mainspring I, arulj reassuring and supporters can rest satisfied that the 'old hoss' will givo them a good run for their money. In my opinion anythiug that boats The King will run first. Devil's Own — the most docile '-boss' of thii quintette — is doing steady work, and liis puce is daily improving. Ho is in extra good condition and if he runs up to his form, must secure a place. He takes very kindly to ciurr, is very particular about oaths and can digest a good rEE-d. His trainer hns no fear of tho result and it is pleasant to see the jockey a little cockky .about his mount. Tho other colt, a chestnut next engaged my attention. I found .Scribbler very ti-an-wii., although showing signs of active work. His trainer is much put, out by a 'reptile contemporary' insinuating that, '.Scribbler' was intended for tho Political Stakes of ,£300. The trainer says his 'hoss' will do his best to-morrow to run into a place, and tho jockey re-JOYCE-s in tho knowledge that he has a puce-maker for a mount. Scribbler will without doubt bo ink eluded in die placed ?'hosses. ' Shroud's fleet son — Six-by-Two — was next visited, and the gallant old favorite looked all over a winner. Johnny sawdust says he inteuds to get first to morrow, but there's no idling until the numbers aro up. '-Alcohol' has not had sufficient work, although his trainer says that he will lead the others a merry race to-morrow. A stable lad informed me that Alcohol did some smart work yesterday, but a stable lad s version is no wiarijiuu^ uj go oy. xne race to morrow promises to be tho fastest/and most exciting ever witnessed in Maclean. The nominees havo lots of supporters, and the finish will bo awaited with anxiety. The track is in good order, so that no accidents are likely to result. Mr. Goodbread will ofliciate as judge, and Ernie Camera takes charge of tho 'gates. ?' The Nuisance of Inspectors — I mean tho Inspector of Nuisances — will keep the course clear, and Billy All i-orts will act as clerk of the scales, as ho has often duxe it before. In conclusion, I would ad viso backers to favorably consider the merits of — Tare Iuxo. Devil's Own. SCKIDBLEll. 