OR fOB THE LOVEtlF A BOHKIESC0TCH LASSIE. ' -LJSSSSSSB Li CHAPTER VIL—DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND. By ST. GEORGE JRATHBOENE. S&nthor; of "Under Egyptian Skies," "Mjss Pauline of !New York, " Etc. ' The picture when Travers proclaims lite identity Is certainly one well worth BeeJngv especially. the consternation stamped upon the features of that remarkable man with -whom Jack holds tiis interview. Senor Roblado is apparently stricken Unrnb for the time being; the hand that boddfi the smoking cigar trembles as might an aspen leaf, and his fierce black •eyes under the shaggy grey brows are fastened on the Yankee with the look of B. hungry wolf. "You are the genuine Jack Travers! STou who sit there dare to tell me that bb cooily as you might speak of your cigarro! Poor Dios! man, I admsre your nerve, though you have come near shattering mine with your devilish intelligence. I feared treachery: I prepared against it, but holal you overwhelm me. Bull, a RoM&do; never surrenders; we ' sometimes ^dJe in the last ditch:" "Ah, senor." laiigfas the ' tantalisdog {Tack, "you remember I warned. you it jsvas fUII thirty feet from ""my window, and a "hard pavement that of .Princes street Don't do anything to tempt me. I beg." The senor, who has risen half-way tram his chair, drops back again; one glanca. at the muscular figure of the American has convinced the Spaniard, thai he cannot hope at his age to cope with such an athlete. "All the Pates must be against me to fcring you here at such a time. I believed you dead,- Jack Travers," he growls, hardly knowing what else to cay. . ™ "So did my dear friend Howard, and tie had good reason io believe himself \- baunted by my ghost, since it was by his orders I was waylaid, robbed, and thrown into Dead Horse Canyon. But I am a favorite of Fortune, and I escaped, as you see, to baffle your Bchemes." "Then we have lost everything. You tiave swept the board, Senor Jack; but there is one thing still left to me." Senor Roblado has no longer his hand Upon the throttle-valve controlling his (emotions, - which, up to this moment, bave been kept in wonderful control, considering his fiery nationality. The barrier is swept down by that fierce rush Of the tide, and as he hisses across the table, his usually suave countenance takes on the expression of a fiend. The crisis is at. hand. Thanks to his long training, Jack knows just how to meet such an emergency. He has one elbow resting on the table, and supports his head carelessly with thia hand. ' "What might that be, senor?" he femiles. "Revenge. A Spaniard never forgives an iniury. I have lost a fortune, it may be, but in return I mean to have —your life!" With the words, the fieri' Castflian feentleman suddenly produces a revolver, «nd presents it at the head of has companion. It is so close that Jack can took into the chambers and see the ieadeo messengers snugly ensconced, and awaiting the signal to go forth. He sees something more. "Aha! you do not flinch- You are a snan of nerve; but that shall not save you. See, the clock yonder is about to Strike the half-hour. When it sounds I ehall fire. This day, which has seen the icharming Jessie a wife, shall also see Sfer a widow;" and his manner declares tha/t, regardless of consequences, Roblado is bent on revenge.. '•Ah, senor, you have been in America, In Cuba, and learned of their ways; but tiiere is one-thing you eeem to. have for gotten which no -cowboy in Texas ever omits—that is. to pull back the hammer of your gun before you shoot." The Spaniard gives a cry of •bitter chagrin, and draws back 3ns arm to remedy the fault, Tirhen Jack's foot Die? up from the side of the table, and the p minted toe of his boot coming in contact with Roblado's •wrist, the instantaneous result is a revolver whirling across the apartment. A snarl of rage from the senor. "Sit you down, sir," says Jack, calmly, •and there is a terrible emphasis to his -•voice that has an effect • on Roblado, though in all probability he is influenced jmore by the sight of a little shining weapon which Jack has taken from <irawer of the table, and the hammer of ."Which is drawn back. Roblado is not a madman, therefore lie refrains from rushing on certain death. Fuming with rage, he drops back into ftis chair, a picture of unutterable fury. \- "Now, sir, let us have an understanding. I shall put my weapon away again, since I believe you will come to your senses and realise there are better ways ©f getting even than by murder." A sparkle of cunning flashes into the eyes of the don; he has suddenly remembered that, after all, when the game apisears lost, he has a winning card up his sleeve. The girl! • She is in his power—she believes in his eiffection' for her, and will do what he Bays. It has appeared to him a great joke feat .the man selected to stand up with ber in the marriage of convenience should lose his heart to the wife to whom p tie has given his word of honor.never to Bts&k; again, Novy he sees in. this fact the . one weak spot in - Jack's armor — the chance for evening up matters—and Se- " «tor Roblado begins to came again to his senses. - . t r cifarJfrCim the table ^whfere-it has fallqm, ana replacing it 'be-, tween his"strong white teeth, endeavors to imitate the clever coolness of the femeric-an. "You seem tp run this game as you see J|t, Senor Jack. Tell me what you propose doing in the way of terms," hie says, eullenly. "Of course you realise that I hold the fort. My identity has been proven, and I am now in a position to claim the xrbole estate. A portion will eventually fall to the lady in the case, but some time must elapse before this can be done. In the meantime, senor, I would like to contribute to the support of—my wife.". The Spaniard smiles cold 1 v. As he realises the power of his one trump card, bis old cunning returns, though now rejlixforced by a desperate hatred for this «aan, who has played with him as a cat does with a mouse. He can never forgive such humiliation. "To what extent does the senor mean to eo?" "Anything reasonable until she comes into her own. As I am forbidden to see ber, by the terms of our agreement, I shall have tpMeal through you, as her agent.;' 'Will you draw me a cheque for ten thousand pounds now?" "I will—not That sort of game don't iwork, my dear senor. -A thousand would • see you through in goodsjiape -until matters can be arranged. This is no black- . mailing -game.''' "Did I, say ten thousand? I meant" twenty, <fr it might be thirty," pursues JEtoblado, vindictively. v "You Jest, surely?" 1 •<Ah! you refuse. She shall know tiow much you care for her -comfort. Ten thousand—a. mere pittance, sir—u crumb tftom your abundance. But 1 n o t de- 3Rend.;UpOjj> you|^generosits*t6 dive., por oijbfer meatus ^T^, can, •see,, where the cold winds never freeze, ib&,arigxm bipod Wt a Spanish gentleman.' 3jpep yourgaou^ds, Senor Jack; neither l aor my daughter, would touch one teaiy, since ^Ke'^naft-,. OotoewiBto-'^e^'c airdL:"!' - / , Jack H^rdly hesaxs the lBst of htechat-jc One senteaefe^a^ri^ett^i his attention, and caused him^-cansjjl^able alarm. " > "You speak of ti'u'itting Great Britain— of going to the isle across-the sea. Surely you do not mean senor?" . he asks. •£>»»*-« > ., , , "Why not? "My Interests lie'there, and my first wife is^iirlSd in U-avana, Yes, I surely mean' Cuba;"^retorts Roblado, glad to see he: has given his opponent a thrust. .. . • "That fever-racked, war-tosaed country* Take her there at this Aime! You must not." * • . ' " . "'Senor,-I smllp. Am I your vassal that you should use:such language to me ? I go where I please, and when 1 please. A Spanish gentleman ^d«sasr not taJte his orders from a'^ankee." Don Rafael rises to his feet and folds his arms across his chest. "Now his attitude is simply superb. As a painter he has studied hpw te pose; sad but for tlie serious subject tliat ,engaged his.at T tention, Jack would,ffeelJnl,the humor for . clapping his hands and applauding the picture presented to him of - a proud Spanish grandee. "But Jessie; I willj'not permit— "You cannot prevent "' her accompanying me of her own free will." "She is my wife." "In .name on! j-. You yourself have agreed never to exercise any rights of a. husband siniess shs so wills. Yon dare not deny^ it. ..There is no law thai can prevent her..1tea^Hfng , with her father. We sail froiii'' flns country;' - she disappears from your sight tor ever." "Ah"! Senor jrt.ck, who laughs now? It is perhaps my turn. - Thus am I revenged. I was a fool to think of violence since there is a better way through the heart. See, with your permission 1 pick up my discarded firearm- and return it to my pocket. I would not injure a hair of your hc-ad—here; but if you dare to follow me to that land beyond the sea, the hour may come when the insult you have offered me to-day will be wiped out in blood, sir. Now, I am going, and if we never meet again, you can occasionally remember, as in a dream, the charming Scotch iassie who, on your wedding night, came into and went out of your life for ever. Adios, Senor Jack;" and with his mocking laughter floating into Travers' ears, Roblado bows himself out. leaving the American still seated at the table. CHAPTER VIII.—LEFT IN THE LURCH AT GLASGOW. The Spaniard has had-his revenge. Jack never moves for gome minutes after being left alone in his room. His gaze is still fixed.at the bold picture of Edinburgh Castle as outlined against the sky; but hiS thoughts are hardly connected with that glorious masterpiece. To Cuba! • This fair. Scotch lassie whom a strange freak of Fate has thrown in his way in such a manner that their life-lines have crossed will soon have gone over the broad Atlantic to the <5em of the Antilles, where the terrible Yellow Jack lurks and revolution is in the air. The bare thought causes him to grind his teeth with anger. He knows that Senor Roblado will never forgive the manner in- which he has outwitted the conspirators. His hot Spanish blood has been aroused, and henceforth it must be war to the knife between them—as the Castilian himself would put it, guerra al cuchillo. In centuries agone wonderful things have happened in that rugged pile upon which he is gazing. The history of most that Scottish hearts hold dear is contained within the walls of the famous castle—in the officers' mess-room, besides the battle-torn banners, mementoes of the most amazing fields in history, may be seen weapons and armor carried by brave men who had hearts of steel. The conflict-.that lies before him promises to call for just such qualities that win in the end. If he gain the prize he must work' for it." That harsh decree" prevents him from* doing boldly the one thing that might promise immediate success.. If 'he breaks hJs word he gains ber contempt, and anything- sooner than that. So Jack, the philosopher, realises that he must play his game very carefully. The Spaniard appears to have it well in hand, but at any moment he may make a false move, and it is Travers' design to be on hand when siich occurs; in order that he may take advantage of it. His cigar, which he has -smoked mechanicaliy, though vigorously at times, becomes exhausted, and, as he tosses the stump out o€ the' window. Jack springs to his feet. , • To Cuba ! ^ Yes, around the world if necessary will he follow. The greater the difficulties that arise in his path the more resolved he becomes to accomplish his honorable purpose. If it lies in the power of mortal man. Jessie Cameron must be his. Tlie l:iw has given her to him already, but that counts for nothing without her heart, her love. Already has her sweet image been so indelibly impressed on his heart that he feels she is his fate—the one woman in all the world whom Heaven has intended to influence his life. Yes, he loves her; he delights to dwell upon the fact that only a comparatively few hours ago her hand actually touched his, while their eyes met in a heartsearching gaze. While fulfilling this strange duty made mandatory by the will of her eccentric relative, and the positive desire of the only father she had ever known, had she not expressed her pleasure at finding the man to whom she must be wedded in this business way a gentleman? Jack has not forgotten a single incident of the-preceding night, nor will he to the. hour when he quits this mortal sphere, since ..they are engraven on his' heart. • \- <-... ; It is long after live when he leaves the hot^gg^ncl, accoa»anied by the ever-y Princes' An interview with the head of • the police force is what Jack seeks. He desires to have the elements of law nnd order on his side in this struggle against the schemer. When he has acquainted thip shrewd gentleman with the facts, and explains what he desires, he soon secures the services of a private detective of great repute. .The orders given are to keep a watch on all Senor Roblado does, and report often io Jack.. *, - * ; _ When this had been done, Travers worries no more, but prepares for an early flitting, believing the scene of- the drama must soon_be changed to more tropical •surroundings. ';";'" ' Being in the vicinity of Trihity—.Hospital, lie conceives the notion of stopping to ascertain how the victim of the hansom .accident, which changed thfe whole course of his life, may be getting-on, and is surprised to find that Howard Spencer has gone. 1 . He spent the night in the institution, and. bad his wounds attended to, but with the earliest hour when allowed to depart he had done so. „ Jack knows he will see more of this man at some' future day. The other hates him because he has endeavored to injure Travers, who was once his friend,' .and has in times-gone by done him more than one favor. When ingratitude once gains admission to the human heart, it leaves no room lor any but the baser passions.*-' . If he meditates any evil towards Jessie Cameron, he had better Tyary, for the' girl Is fast assuming a place 'in j Jack's;mind that' is sacred, end he stands ready to exhaust every means in Jns-pjpufaerJto g^fepd/her. ?The night comes on slowly, < ' yj f r. { ^ack'Tias -a#d feels/ that fc, like] ier^f oia, no fate , «an harm tiitn. " " j NeWs from his agent Is what he j a.walts,and meanwhile rides round the 1 cjty on the top of tramcars. He has before now visited the lions of the place —wandered through whjat remains jrtvtrxitJtej .,«i«aTriHiiPi \- - ii&si;, ^^^fci^'ilt^^eiEfe^^tis iiity.-fma ltfton Hilt is" Trom his agent—writtc-fi in petical and in a hurry. * They are just leaving for Glasgow. Will go by same train. ' Follow me, pnd put np-at St Enoch's Station Hotel, •where T js-ill report. - ' -'Jack turns to the proprietor. "When floes a train IfeaVe the station opposite • —. for Glasgow^?"'lie — R' - • a! —; • , . .I> Upon referring--to the tiiiie-table the other answers: "In eight joinutes, sir.'" - "I shall take it. Have my bill ready .when"rl-.come down."-,.- . ....... ... •Half a>. minute to reach his room, J a fuU sixty'seconds in wl^ich to tp^s his things into a travelling-bag with the help of Ah,Sin, and get "back to the office. The proprietor finds his account paid in a jiffy. * " , Jack is out of the door like lightning, town f the court to Princes street, and, across to the station,,, followed by liis JTofitaiiier bearing the luggage. \- - -He has his ;tickets purchased, , and enters a carriage with Ah Sin and the luggage just as the prompt signal is given "and the train moves. ' "' . ' . Such success, breeds a hope that the future may have much in store for him. The ride.is uneventful.. . Reaching.Glasgow, a cab Is taken to the hptel. and Jack seeks rest, having left word in the -office, that any message arriving is to l»e "brought'to jam &t;_opce, for he believes the mission-of the artist to this city on the Clyde is to sail on an Anchor Line steamer for New. York, jsihence Cuba may be reached. Ancther day and no word. How heavily time draigs! Jack grows restless. Can it be pos-, sible his shrewd agent has lost track of the game, outwitted by Spanish cunning? He arouses to the occasion and makes inquiries himself. A steamer—the Ahchoria—sails for New York. Passengers must come aboard the night before,- as she leaves at a little 1 after midnight. He seeks the booking-officer but no one has' taken passage under the " liames heknows. It looks, then, as thoUgh h^.^will have to come prepared to, ,^angplank, and, if he " discoTgegfe Huio|e -he seeks, go aboard himsel£|| "|; gtS ' .r At the hotel a note ' Smithers»is awake afiafSn tie track. He bids Jack be ready4^&r;^ai;Eion in casea voyage is the next-thmgitm the programme. V This seems significant'of iacfion. That evening, as Jaick* : fenters the dining-room, a gentleman hastily leaves whom he has not noticed, and who setms rather anxious to avoid recognition. which is not at all strange seeing that it is Howard Spencer. . Jack has actually been under the same roof as those he seeks for almost twenty, hours, and yet never once dreamed of tfaefact! " ' * .-It draws near ten o'clock. • Shadows have fallen. Clouds obscure the sky, and the night promises to be a dark'onie,, r " ~ Jack hgs decided to drive to. the . dock of the steamer and carry out his plan. Ah Sin has charge of the luggage, and waits in the cab for his master, who lingers to exchange a* few* sentences -with the clerk. Just at this time a messenger brings a note for him.- What luck! . In another moment he must have missed it and upon such little matters great events hinge. Meet me at the Tron steeple in the Tron.ga.te without delay.' I have - astonishing news. There is no name. He does not recognise the writing. . Certainly, it is not the same chirography as that of the note .that came to him in London, and to which Juanita confessed. Still, he sees no reason to doubt the identity of the writer, and -believes it is the police-agent Smithers who sends this startling request. "Jack does not hesitate. A few words to Ah Sin sends the Chinese direct to the steamer with directions to wait for him at the gangplank. Ah Sin knows only obedience to the letter. Meanwhile, Jack hastens to the Trongate. ' He knows, he can reach the spot indicated in a very brief time; but as minutes are • precious he dodges the pedestrians in his hurry to arrive. The" Tron Church projects over - the" pavement, with an arch, under which pedestrians pass, and a better spot could hardly be appointed for a rendezvous. Reaching the place, Travers looks sharply about for his agent. On- the way he has seen groups of rough-looking men talking at the corners, and although they are doubtless law-abiding citizens, something in their appearance strikes him as odd. Perhaps it is the fact that nearly very man wears a cap, usually drawn down over the eyes in a way that is bound to make the most harmless individual have a most bold, and burglar-like appearance. Tramcars pass, and people are moving. It would hardly appear to be the place one who had evil designs would select in order to carry them into practice. Having once been the theatre of naany an execution, when -the crowds jistled elbows to see justice dealt out to those condemned, one'might imagine memories of the place. would deter rogues from haunting .this scene of early-day justice; yet numerous evil schemes against the peace of the good citizens of Glasgow have been formulated under the shadow of the Trongate. , Jack grows uneasy. Minutes are passing, and a suspicion is being shaped in his mind that perhaps this is but a trick of the senor to beguile him until the hqur for the sailing of the steamer has passed. He has about come to the conclusion his best plan is,to stop the next empty cab that comes along, and make for thie landing stage regardless of the startling inform ation 'whicli the' writer.of'the note has promised; when JiIb aAehtipn 'is attracted towards aman advancing along; the street, who appears to be looking to the right and left as if in search of some one. - "Ah!" mutters Jack; "doubtless my man; but if Smithers, then he is sailing under other colors. Jove! he has cut ofE a ..foot fjrom his stature. At any rate, Til wait for him, and prepare to receive boarders." • The short man notices him standing there. \- • "Are ye Mr Travers?" he asks. Jack replies that he usually answers to that name when at home. . "Have you a message for me?" he demands. 'The fellow glances round cautiously. No one appears to be near—a feet Travels has noticed, and deems so significant that he keeps his eyes fastened keenly j on the other, suspecting treachery. i "I have,.sir. Come a bit closer. The! lady told n<e to be-very,-very careful,'-' is the ansvier he receives, only it is in broadScoteh. Jack is thrown a trifle off his guard by the mention of a lady in the case. Then this messenger comes from -Juanita, perhaps—oh rapture!—from Jessie herself. »: . He does not suspect that-this has been aHfuily brought into p>lay for the espe- j cialfeiitpppe ptiSiscbheerilrig him. [ ;The Glasgow , nian has' taken some- | thing from his p^ks^, and Jack; 'keenly [ on the alert bends forward to see what' it may be. Thus. he.hears not the light footfall behind, because ^ the rumble made by fe vanishing traancar.. ., j A peculiar hissing sound causes him to turn: his head, but ere he can fully accomplish thls"*leslign, a lieavy object ^iiHyid^^n^ffH^ asthoixch^w the Heavens .have fallea, ^i^e'he sees' k a myriad stars. - - • k d He falls to the ground helpless. As in . a dreain, he realises that two men sup- P° rt him and tell a passer-by he is a' boon companion Unfortunate eridugh -to have partaken too freely, yet fell the ^yhile jack's vocal Organs, as well as his \- paralysed. s _• him^iip and „ in a* vehicle; he hears the •.shout Ao his horse, and with the "plhced a handkerchief {saturated with chloroform tvver his breathing apparatus. t ' .. • ' -When Travers opens his eyes he is in a dense fog with regard to his whereabouts. i . t . •The.stars shine overhead as bright as ever they did, and behind a cloud the .remnant ^AKUiUGbUC of VL.a :a once 1 pr6ud paoonWdes her blushing face. Jove! he must be out on the plains again.) and all. these strange -incidents but the fancies of a disordered minjJ. Many a night has • he slept under the stars in Texas, when playing his advenf turous role ,as a cowboy and ranch-, owner f " " * • .. /. • ' _ ? J Th'e:night -air is cold, knd Jack,, jylih a shiver, involuntarily reaches out. fpr his bfe-nket. Then he discovers he has none.; What are those sounds ? • Surely such as never greet the ear upon; the borders of the lonely Staked Plain—the .ringing of bells, and the shrill screech of motors switching the freight vans. Amazed,-Jack lifts his head. . Theji he gives a grunt, for the movement causes liim pain. His surprise grows; many lights flash before his eyes—why,, it. is as though he gazes; from a/height upon some great slumbering,city, and the odour of smoke in the air is-very familiar too. {To be continued.) ' 