GRANT'S WIJFEI . And when, your love ' It.E " Ias couoqueed pride. SA srls was singing to the arsolupaniment of thoooocertius. The notes were lung drawn, atid filled with a cetaiu roogh puthon. His com. palious litened in approving silnice until the song came to ou end. I " Mhltsio's a cheering thing lu a man's life," remarked an old? thin, weather - beattu aLephoad. the owner of the New Zealand hut wherin the four meu were seated before a large cod fire. Jlarlson's where was the only habitation for iles around. It wans situatd upon a lonely ocadl,ad was the general refuge for all belated th'phl rd., stockmen,and rabbiter belonging to the " run." A llng, narrow room scantily furnished, wilth bunks built into the walls, a tuble and a few odd stools and chairs, all of which al piueentt vwer drawn up to thlo replace. { The moe woiu smokitig; the atmosphele was dinet; thelet wasagenerol odour of tobacco, mackiontosh, leather, aloo wet sheep dog, for theae wele severel of three santoils lying down or crieplug about, sud the museic t progeramme was oceaesiullly varied by a diamal bowl from one or oter of them which had rsably ventuoed into tLo charmend cichk round the blazing logs, and got ln the way of eebauodyca greot boots. A hbes of damp addlea was throwrc into a corner, whips; straps, and sIuts lay abLut on table and fluor. 'here was no lighLLt save Ibt of ..1.the tIer ewhloh.Lod 'n celoketug artmauu oetow loto thb room, leuding a certain pictuteoque charm to the comoonoiila'e interior, und soften* lug the rough (aces of the men.i f " Sing agloa, Willie," said the host, and the musician, a hbick.set, plbsant looking young man, complied, and gave them " The Ship Ihat Never IRetured," " Rock tMe to Slceptdother." I Annieo Rooney," and would probably have faroured the company with half-a-dozen more, not benlg in tLe least brehrul; but Ibat his next ncighbour a man whore distinctlive cLhrsotcris ties were a, pair of lung loeg, a pronounced scowl, and a huge monetche, suggeeted that they had had enough of him; so he meeklyl deposited his instrument blucath his chair, and the'party Ialned into silence, bhqken'only by the cheerful crackliong of the burning wood and he sounid of tho rain on.theoroof. . " The old man took his pipe out of his mouth and made a long shat at a glownlg ember. , I * " She's a bad 'uoD' he sald, sloly. " I don't ]kea her eye." . , TLo nmrk was spropos of nothing, and no body asktd any quoestions. ' She's a d--d bad 'un," he rontinued in In argumenuatlve tone: but still his companions puffed away gravely and made no onewtr. " SL's trhcky, tiat's whet abe is," be went br, after a pause, " sliand my opinioU Is that the boss has got a handful." It woas not a horao he was speaking ot, but a woman, as a remark from the moustarhed man betrayed. " You'roe only seen her elding, with a hat and a veil on," he said tgruoly. " What thu s- do you know sbhout h r eye " The old au sequoard himsell up, ready for the fray. " I haven't lived lfly-live years in this wotll for nothing," he said. " 1 observed just niow that musies a oLcory thbig in a masn's life ; so's a womasi, when she's a good one. When abe'a h ot, 4ii life is----" " Old Dick ts rather amusing on social ques tions," drwled the fourth mai, who had not lapoke before-a quiet follow, looking rather hke a broken down.gentleman. " Who is the lady in question I' " Mrs. Grant," said bloustchio. The quiet man whistled. " Ils wife," be sid elowly. "1 say, Jackson, you'd better be earoful what you're avying." " the'd better be careful what she's doing," ,aiercaud Jackson, angry at the rebuke, flr he was generally considered something of an ora.,le. " When a young woman with an elderly bu baud opends half hier time riding about with a fellow like Spencer-" " Sl.eoet r P" " Ye, that idler, loafing cad of a remlttance mLnv." " I know. I don't admire her tes'e." " You'll never fathom a woman," continued the old sau, tecovttiog his tone of wonted im Inttaocer, lld stating gravtly iuto the fir. "Eveiyone elae considers thetellow a cad,there* flure she' bound to be chock ou him. lie's aq haudsomle as the devil, dressla well, sad lie tide Grant's horses as if they were his own and he had about fourteen more out il the pad. dpok." The man with ti moustache psused in his occupaltJo of stirring up the tobhpo ill his pipe with his peokudle, and turned to Ilis bot. "You knlow a fat lot, Jackso,'," Le said, "but I think you are wrong this trip. She seems a ticl young woman. 1 have seen her once or twice pleec SWhat is she like to look at P" asked the quiet mst, " h smell sand dark," said Jackson, " with a lot of ilapk hair that's always ltumbling down when she's ridiUg, std that's one lip sgin her. A nice woman ket, I her hair neost." The other lan laughed. " You're a rum old card." he laid, " but I think 1'd keep, my mouth shabt on this subject if I were you. 'Whcthtr you are right or wrong it's a dangerous bluiness to meddle withl." Then one of them started talking " sheep,'P and e, rylhlIg lse n eavertn anad upon earth faded ltoe utter Insigofdicance. Itams, hogguts, oewe, lacmbs, Mllipo, South Down, Li"nolu, it went qsn , in odndle and all-abbothlng topic. 'ipes were illhd again and agtin. The fre got low, they talked almost in the dark. SBuddenly the iet ping dogs started up with sharp littl bayks, more balking was going on outoide, and prescntly.the sound of approlchilng hor~,s became audible. Jackson got up auds threw more wood upon the fire, a shower 01 spalks flw up tile chimney, then he walked over and opeued the door. The quo t lym I wont on smoking. Willie rose sland put hlcon. certina into his bunk as if be feared the coming vlsltoas mnght wilh to slteal it. -It was a stolmy ightlr;-''l5e WIno blew the rain lu at the door I the old man was calling out to aomeore. r " Therue's two of 'e,," he said, looking back e into the but I " e mia sand a boy." He wrot oulaide I the vilsitors came urrer. " P'ut your burses into the shed sod glre 'wm a feed,'" he abouted. There was mote concerotiio ansd Ihe ficker . Irg of a Ilsnterl,, eod in a ahort timl Jackuo, rturned to the where, llis grey hair was all P blowit abusut I be had a quer exprlitsanlu i ht e "They've lost their way," he said, "they ri are only guoig to stlay a sloit time to rest Ihe it hbrste asnd the Iloy." " Who sro tlbly P" aode I Mouantaoblo. , Jcksole dil not slowrer, bt looked aLo the qtilet Im,1, 1 whlose face was blalk sad Ulleot T ee,'tld. The logs had bleod up I the but was i light uod ohoiul'blotbing. A man ontored I tall, fair, and eltremoly handsoto, Hle wae followed hy a Inad a glrlat root and a kultted b 'l'ali.o'.Sihitler, " Burry tolu distub you, nly rrlodr,," he saiold, In a deep, leor veolt, " It thle tbkless nudi s the bestly bad rosds we luost our way, Tihe borse rare kitoeked upI, aed mont a blts of a I spll, Wei have a long way to gou to '--,"' r S ?lsttuo miles," said the qilet tan. at Jlacklson was busy hsIanhig th u blly over the Oi 'lII ie lou? somne hot tea," he lhal to the boy, " co?oU catr the lre," S01 Oh, he's Uot OUll,"Ild ilhil te haltsidninii en. luittvlld " I (leve hi llii,, s l ,rm l hil Ise dtown. We came thrnoglh a bstsily bsh I rank, Itio I tired,"I Stulslelltlo Ilhrow hhtl Ia largl lattliped rugl, le rollud the boy tp it it, stid hU lay downl in a corner, , P "It' d- bad lui k" egolltiiud Ihe ltrul e r, ollihg foutwlard, L1')1-it~a.Whoukd.thelr~takdWli cia0... * .* ' 1 i, a nipper from town. I'm laking him bck to his ion." HI I a goodlokihlrg ad," said the quiet I Jckscr made th. tera. ie handed some tlu pmnuikin' to the vlbitor, thon dipped out some more, and wea going over to where the boy lay, but the othtr man put Lis own down on the table. " I'll take It to bim," he said. The luiet man looked at Jackson and ral'ed his eyebrows a bolt'a breadth. Tho stranger nome bak to IhLo fle, sld sat lookin, loto It with a moody expresolon upon his face. ludd, mly bhethrew back hiashed and laughed -a laugh that made the dogs start up ond growl. " What's tho matntr P" said Jarkson. " Nothing," he answered, "I always laugh when I am in a bad tlmper," " Aid cry whens your happly, I suplpoe I" drawled the quiet man. " Yes," he said, " but I haven't cried yet." Ilo dras.k his tee and lit his pipo. They all lit Irlah is pe s; the group round the toe nws iucreased'by uo ;e conversation becamo general. 'mTly eventually returned to their muttor.s. The boy lulmbered in his coner ; the dogs ulnsained quiet. Boon Willie crept away i id got his concertina and began playing softly to himself. It seemed to sool th the ompoy their voices sank to a murmur, the rain still IpatE?id on the roof, and thus an hour passed \- tliis neased - p.tying,. lae. the. Pre. and tumbled into his bllk. onustehlo astooud up and yawned. Jackson was 'gLing into the embers and nodding elightly. Aflter a tim the stranger stood up. " I think we ll go ou," heosdl, and walked over to the boy. For a moment or two he beut over him, theou rised him to his feet. ! Are you res'cd, young follow P " asked the quiet man, coming forward, " Yes, thank you," answered the lad in a low volce. ' I He seemed rather salepy anrd dazed. Between' his coat collar and his hat there was nothing to; be seen but two large dark eyes. lhe kept hi' hands iu his pockets and shivered slightly. The man turned round to Jackson. "That.ks voy much for your hospitality," he said. " If you will bring yoor lantern I think 1 will to and get the horseo now." I'resently he beard the horses go off. In a few minutes Jackson and the quiet man returued to the hut.! " nmust haveo nother pile after that," ob serted the lattler, i:d prooeded to fill it. Jackson'a mouth was twitkhong. Something seemed to muose him. S'bhat's up P?" lked lnoustahio. wh The quiet man looked at the old one, who re., epodoed to thoe lok Jilh Just the ghost or ai wink. " Now we'll torn in," he said ; but just then! the dogs began to bark e.sin "They are coming back," said the moustached man. * It's from the other direction, onoe person riding." said the qluet man. Jacksuu wits listening. " It's the boss," he cried, " on the grey,'" erd rose hurriedly, wen uout of the door, and closed it after him. i After a few minutes a horseman stopped suddtly oultside, and u quick, authoritativd voice called out to Jackseon. A short discussiuon followed, andt a lod oath. The old man came back. A broad grin was upon his weather. beaten eountenance. le lshut the door, and warked up to the firoeplace. " Ile'll cutch them up," he caad, rubbing his hands. The quiet man nodded. Ile looked rather grave. t Poor little thing I " hesakid. " Snakes I " cried loustachio. WI'lln lifted his heald out of tholeshk. " Who Is the man P " he asked. " Spencer," replied the quiet man. "Then the boy," sold Mousitanoo, with bulging yeballs. " I know a fat lot, don't I ? "obua'.4ed Jack. coo. " I'm wrong thil trip, eh P The boy, my young friend, is the bosss wife I " 