TEA MEETING AND CONCERT. COMBINED tea meetings and concerts seem to be losing their popularity of late years, and it is only rarely we hear of such being held, nevertheless, the one held under the auspices of the Valraville Presbyterian Church, at the Yarraville Hall on last Monday evening, was most successful, quite a large number of people being present, both at the tea meeting and the concert. The stage and windows were neatly decorated with greenery by Mesdames A. Campbell and J. I ,iges. A tempt ing array of edibles was placed upon the tables for the fi'st event, and seldom, if ever, did a mut good humored party sit down to a repast of its description. Sandwiches, cakes, buns, etc. disap. peared with marvwllous rapidity, after Ithi Rev. J.. S. Chaobers said grace, and one could hardly help wonderinr, whe're the children, lwho seeamed to have wondlerful appltit s, put the numerous good things, The diffeent tabhes were preided over by ~1 dames Gordon, the c, m mif rem . At the conclusion of the repast, the tables were cleared away, and at 8 o'clock the concert was commenced, Mr J. Coming, J. P., presiding. The Rev. J. S. Chambers in opening addressed the audience, and informed themnthat the celebration was an: anni versary one, and'in the past the profits had done much to assist the committee to payoff the church debt, adding that lie was pleased to say that, the one then being held gave every promise of being as successful as those of former years. The, following progr amme?was then submitted :-Overture,: Misses Smith; sung- ' By the Fountain7'-Miss Birrell; song, 'The Midahiprmite,,' Mrý E. Paikes; song, ' Mainuelita,' Miss Grace Stewart; song, ' Maid of Athens,' Mr 3.i Flower; duet, ' David and Galiath.'. Messers E.- Parkes :and G: Anderson; song, ' Lves Old Sweet Song,' Miss Morna;: song,' Within: a Mile,' Mr Armstrong; song,: ' Jessie's Dream,' Miss Barrass; song,; ·Ferrymani John,' "Miss: Isabella -Clark"; -song, -'The Diver,'i Mr Paton; recitation; 'How Jarie Conquest' rang the. Bell,' Miss Lottie Duncan : songb, ' England the Home of the Free,' Master Downie. There' wasn an' interval at this stage duiring which refreshments ' were handed round by the ladies. After this the second part of 'tie programme was proceeded . vith as follows :-Song, 'Thy Sentinel am I,' Mr WV. Coming; sing, 'Flora McDonald's Lament,' Miss Swanson; song, ' Love's . Serenade,' Master Downie - song, 'It was a Dream,' Mrs Thorley; song, 'The Holy City,' Mr Page, junr.; violin solo, ' Ye Banks, and Braea,' with variations, Miss K: Smith ; song, 'Anchored,' Mr G. Andelson; duet, 'Army and Navy,' Messrs. Paton and Flower. The programme was then con cluded" with a . laughable : sketch, entitled I '-The.Ghost in a Pawn'Shop,' the: characters being taken by Messrs especially ;the singing 'of Master Downie, Miss Grace Stewart, Miss Swanson and Messrs FPloer and Paton, and, the violin sol. of Miss K. Smith, the second variation, on' two strings, I sing exceedingly well executed. Mr Byme dofficiated its msical direc tor, and Miss Stewart accompanied the majority of the, vocalists bothl giving every satisfaction. :Credit is due to tile committee and its-s ecretary, Mr J. Weir, for the energy displayed in pro.. ruoting this anndal gathering. - I 