THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. ' Curious stories are told about the pqwers possessed by certain natives of India, who lue up among the Himalaya mountains lhese old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of nutural laws^and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German profea or usited the 'adepts,' as these queer Hindus are called, for finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather! scurvilly, but interested him all the same One day lhe professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskirl manuscripts An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark t- the bottom of a. well. 'I can't see to read, here,' said the visitor. ?'Then I will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately (the professor sa-s) \ soft pearly light brightened the ca\e He could not tell whence il came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality— 'it cas1 not the slightest shadow. This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and vou who now read it have no reason for doubl except that all the lights 'you' have seen have cast shadows. 'Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel \\\ ith ones own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale ofthe Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could resu'.r ' from his experience ? Take an example — 'In the spring of 188S,' writes oir corre spondent, 'I fell into a low, weak, and languid state.- -I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, inj appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at my chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also, bitter bile. Later on I suffi red from ner vousness and great depression of spirits I kepi up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Of) and on I continued 111 this wav for two years nothing that I look relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had token only a few doses I lound relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have 'been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanitj I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D, Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893 ' There is a deal of difference between MiS Griffith's rantlid lptlrr and the storv nboirt the light lhal cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified with out more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answers letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailmnils are but symptoms, forms, or phrases of that uimcisal disease — indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happi ness over hearts and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 