DOES THE THEATRE MAKE FOR GOOD ? (from the 'ht. james's gazette.') Mr. Clement Scott has been inter viewed by Mr. Raymond Blatliwayt, upon the stage in general, and the result is about to be published in 'Great Thoughts.' And a very start ling result it is. Mr. Soott's answer to the question, 'Does the theatre make for good?' can, says Mr. Blath ?wayt, tie summed up in the one word -*N'n ' The r.haA.tt*A fl.fi if. fitnm?* t.n.dav is emphatically not one of the forces that make for righteousness. 'If any one I loved,' said' Mr. Scott to Mr. filathwayt in a recent conversation, 'insisted on going on the stage con trary to my adrice, I should be terri fied for her future, and' hopeless for the endurance of our affection or even friendship. For stage-life, according to my experience, has a tendency to deaden the finer feelings, to crush the inner nature of men and women, and to substitute artificiality and hollow ness for sincerity and truth; and mind you, I speak from an intimate ex perience of the stage, extending over 87 years. 'It is nearly impossible for a woman to remain pure who adopts the stage as a profession. Everything is against her. The freedon of life, of Bpeeoh, of gesture, whioh is the rale behind the curtain, renders it almost impossible for a woman to preserve that simplicity of manner whioh is, after ill, hergreatest charm. . . . But what is infinitely more to be de plored is that a woman who«ndeavours to keep her purity is almost of neces sity foredoomedtto failure in her career. It is an awM thing to pay, and it is still more terrible that it is true; but no one who knows the life of the green room will dare deny it. Two things 1 want to be made clear: — '1. that it is quite possible to lead a good life on the stage. Thousands do. Miss ? ) for instance, is as good a woman as ever lived. But the fact that many do lead good lives does not remove the great temptations from the weaker brethren. ' 2, That I am not a canting prig or a Pharisee, who makes broad his phlaeteries, and says, 'Thank God, I am not as other men are.' The tempta tion of the stage is, and has been, quite as bad for me as for anyone else, if not worse. It would disorder any life and shipwreck any temper ament, however religious, to have your whole mind devoted to the showy and the alluring for thirty-seven years.' Mr. Scott went on to speak of the in satiable vanity of actors. 'You may lie, in praise of *n actress, till your very eonl is' blackened!; bnt onoe tremble in the confines of veracity, and your life is a burden to you from that hour. I have letters, literally by the hundred here, which I have received during the last thirty years, letters which are full of the foulest abuse, and which bear the names of some of the best known theatrical people of the day. How I could be revepged if I were to publish them I 'There is (Mr. Scott continued) no school en earth so bad for the for mation of character, or that so readily, so quickly, and so inevitably draws out all that is worst, in man or woman as the stage. And I think the English stage is the worst, for, as a matter of fact, the English arc the least artistic people, and are more completely with out the saving grace of humour than any nation in the world, and so the more readily make themselves rid iculous.' Mr. Blathwayt suggested to Mr. Scott that the discussion might be turned upon the stage itself — that is, the stage that the public sees. As Lo the problem play, Mr. Scott said: — 'My contention is that the play you witness on the stage after dinner should never exceed the limits of decency you allow at dinner. But the idea of th« problem-play people appears to be that the theatre is a place where any nasty subject can be discussed with out fear or shame. Take that in famous play of Ibsen's — 'Ghosts.1 what is a young girl to think of that? Ibsen fails because he is, I suppose, an atheist, and has not realised what the great backbone of religion means to the English race. He fails because his plays are nasty, dirty, impure; clever if you like, but foul t - the last degree, and healthy winded English people don't like to stand and sniff over an ash-pit.' 'And what do you think, Mr. Scott of the religious or semi-religious play, which we have several times of late seen enacted in our midst? The 'Pilgrim's Progress,' for instance, and 'The sign of the Cross'?' 'Well,' he replied, 'they are good iu their way, and very well meant, but I can not say I think they have much of a future, not do I think for one mo ment that it would be desirable that they should have. Where are you to stop. Look at Franoois Ooppee's 'Le Pater' — where a woman says the Lord's prayer on the stage, That will distress many people. You cannot enlist the stage on the side of religion, try as you may.' 'The play with a good moral (con tinued Mr. Scott) has always been with us and often does great good.. You know (he continued, with a laugh) 'The Ticket-of-Leave Man' is said to have converted hundreds of thitves from the error of their ways. And mind you, I do feel this, as every sensible person must acknowledge, the stage, with care and caution, could be a great teacher. Where better than i n a thoughtful play could we learn the lesson of loyalty in men aud chivalry towards woman?' 