THE STORY -dF OMDURMAN. FULL ACCOUNT OF THE GREAT BATTLE. The following is the first full story pub lished in England of the battle of Om durnian. It is taken from the London 'Daily Mail,' and is from the pen of Mr. G. W. Steevens :— Our camp, for flie night of September 1, was in the village of Agaiga, a mile south of Kerreri Hill. On our ieft front was another hill, higher, 'but single-peaked and rounder— Gebel Surgfbain. In front th» ground was open for five miles or so— ? blimi iiuu grass, urujvtrn uy um.y o. j.c*\ iuiuo — with a group of hills beyond. The force had formed up in position in the afternoon, when the dervishes fol lowed the cavalry home, and had remained under arms all night; at half -past 5 in the morning, when the first howitzer-shell from opposite Omdurman opened the day's work, every man was in 'his place. The line formed an obtuse angle; the order of brigades and battalions, counting from the left, was the following: — Second British (Rifle Brigade, Lancashire Fusiliers, Northumberland Fusiliers, Grenadier Guards) ; First British (Warwicks, Sea forths, Camerons. Lincolns) ; Second Egyp tian (14th, 12th,' 13th Sudanese, and 8th Egyptian in support). Here came the point of the angle ; to the right it were — FIRST EGYPTIAN' BRIGADE (11th, 10th, 9th Sudanese, 2nd Egyptian supporting); Third Egyptian (4th, 15th, and 3rd and 7th Egyptian, in column on the right Hank). The Fourth Egyptian Brigade (1st, 5th, 17th, and 18th Egyptian) was in reserve in the village. All fin. Egyption battalions in the front were in their usual formation, with four com panions in line and two in support. The British had six in line and two in support. On the extreme left was the 32nd Field Battery; the Maxims and Egyptian field guns were mounted at intervals in the in fantry line. The cavalry had gone out at the first streak of grey, British on the Jeft, as usual. Egyptian, with camel-corps and horse battery, from the nglit moving across our front. The gunboats lay with steam up off the village. Light stole quieuy into the sky behind us; there was no sound from the plain or the hills before us; there was hardly a sound from our own line. Everybody was very silent, but very curious. Would they be so mad as to come out and run their heads into our fire? It seemed beyond (hoping for; yet certainly they had been full of war the day before. But most of us Were expecting instantly the order to ad vance on Omdurman. A trooper rose out of the dimness from behind the shoulder of Gebel Surgham, grew larger and plainer, spurred violently vp to the Una and inside. A couple .more were silhouetted across our front. Then the electric whisper came racing down the line; they were coining. The Lancers came in on the left; the Egyptian mounted troops drew JiKe a curtain across us from left to right. As they passed a flicker of white flags began to extend and fill the front in their place. The noise of some thing began to creep in upon us; it cleared and divided into the tap of drums and the far-away surf of raucous war cries. A SHIVER OF EXPECTANCY THRIIAED along our army, and then a sigh of content. They were corning on. Allah help them, they were coming on. It was now half-past 0. The flags seemed still very distant, the roar very faint, and the thud of our first gun was almost startl ing. It may have startled them too, but it startled them into life. The line of flags swung forward, and a mass of white flying linen swung forward with it too. They came very fast and they came very Straight; and then presently they came no further. With a crash the bullets leaped out of the British rifles. It began with the Guards and Warwicks — section volleys at 2,000 yards; then as the dervishes edged rightward, it ran along to the Highlanders, the Lincolns, and to Maxwell's Brigade. The British stood up in double rank beiiind their zariba; the blacks lay down in their shelter trench; both poured out death as fast as they could load and press trigger. Shrapnel whistled and Maxim growled savagely. From all the line came perpetual fire, fire, fire, and shrieked forth in great gusts of destruction. And the enemy? No white trooper would have faced that torrent of death for five minutes, but the Baggara and the blacks came on. The torrent swept into them and hurled them down in whole com panies. You saw a rigid line gather it self up and rush on evenly; -then before a shrapnel shell or a Maxim the line sud denly quivered and stonped. The line was yet unbroken, but it was quite still. But other lines gathered up again, again, and yet again; they went down, and yet others rushed on. Sometimes they came near enough to eee single figures quite plainly. One old man with a white flag started with five comrades; all dropped, but he alone came bounding forward to within 200 yards of the 14th Soudanese. Then he folded his ABM6 ACROSS HIS FACE, and his limbs loosened, and he dropped sprawling to ear'tsh beside his flag. It was the last day of luahdism, and the greatest. They could never get near and they refused to hold back. iJy now the ground before us was all white with dead men's drapery. Rifles grew red-hot; the soldiers seized them by the slings and dragged them back to the reserve to change for-cool ones. It was not a battle, but an execution. In the middle of it all you were sur prised bo find th'at we were losing men. The crash of our own fire was so prodi gious that we could not hear their bullets whistle; yet they came and swooped down and found victims. The dervishes were firing at their extreme range, and fheir bullets were many of them almost spent; but as they alWavs fire Hugh they often hit. So that while you might have thought you were at a j&oot; of rabbits, you suddenly (heard the sharp cry — 'Bearer party there, quick,' and a man was being borne rear ward. Few went down, but there was a Steady trickle to hospital. Bullets may have been spent, and Captain Caldecofc, of the WarwicKB, was one of the strongest men in the army: but that helped him no thing when the dropping ball took him in the temple and came out through the jugular. He lay an hour unconscious, then opened his eyes with — 'For God's sake, give me water!' and died as he drank. Most of all the two Highland bat talions dropped men. The zariba behind Which they were unwisely posted obliged them to stand, besides hampering Jthem b'oth in fire and when it came to move meat; a little clump of enemy gathered in a hole in front of them and by the lmC GUNS GAME UP TO SHELL: them out the Camerons had lost some 25, and the Seaforths above a dozen. . But loss on this- scale was not. to be con sidered beside the awful slaughter of the dervishes*.. If they still, came on our men* needed only time and ammunition and strength to point a rifle to kill them off to the very last man. Only by now— small wonder — they were not coming on. They were not driven back; they were all killed in coming on. One section of fire after an other hushed, and at 8 o'clock the village and the plain were still again. The last shell had burst over the last visible group of dervishes; now there was nothing but the unbending, grimly-expectant line be fore Agaiga, and the still carpet of white in front. We waited half an hour or so, and then the sudden bugle called us to our feet. 'Advance,' it cried; 'to Omdurman' added we. Slowly the force broke up and expanded. The evident intention was to march in- brigades in echelon — the Second British leading along the river, the First British on their right rear, then Maxwell's, Lewis's, and Macdonald's, with Collinson's still supporting. Lewis and Macdonald had changed places, t)he latter being now outermost and rearmost; at the time few noticed that.' The moment the dervish attack had died down the 21st Lancers had slipped out and pushed straight for the Khalifa's capital. Movement was slow, since the leading brigade had to wait till the others had gone far enough inland to take their positions. We passed over a corner of the field of fire' and- saw fof certain what awful slaughter we had done. The bodies were not in heaps; bodies hardly ever are; but they SPREAD EVENLY OVER ACRES and acres. And it was 'very remarkable, if you remembered the Atbara, that you saw hardly a black; nearly all the dead had the high forehead and taper cheeks of the Arab. The Baggara had been met at last, and he was worth meeting. Some lay very composedly with their slippers placed under their heads for a last pillow; some knelt, cut short in the middle of a last prayer. Others were torn to pieces, vermilion blood already drying on brown skin, killed instantly beyond doubt. Others, again, seemingly as dead as these, sprang up as we approached and rushed savagely, hurling spears at the nearest enemy. They were bayoneted or shot. Once again the plain seemed empty, but for the advanc ing masses and the carpet of reddened white and broken bodies underfoot. It was now 20 minutes to 10. The British had crested a low ridge between Gebel Surgham and the Nile; Maxwell's brigade was just ascending it, Lewis's just coming up under the hill. Men who could go whore they liked were up with the Bri tish, staring hungrily at Omdurman. Sud denly from rearward broke out a heavy crackle of fire. We thought perhaps a dozen men or so had been shamming dead; we went on staring at Omdurman'. But next instant we had to turn and gal loped hot-heeled back again. For the crackle became a crashing, and the crash ing waxed to a roar. Dervishes were firing at us from the top of Gebel Surgham, der vishes were firing behind and to the right of it. The 13th Sudanese were bounding up the hill, Lewis's brigade had hastily faced to its right westward, and was vol leying for life; Macdonald's beyond, still facing northward, was a sheet of flashes and a roll of smoke. What was it? Had they come to life again? No time to ask; reinforcements or ghosts, they were on us, and the battJe was begun all again. To understand, you must hear now what we only heard afterwards. The dervish army, it appeared, had not returned to Omdurman on the night of the 1st, but had bivouacked— 40,000 to 50,000 of them— be- hind Gebel Surgham, south-westward from Agaiga. The Khalifa had doubtless ex pected a sudden attack at daybreak, as at Firket, at Abu Hained, on the Atbara; as we marched by night to our positions be fore Omdurman he must have designed to spring upon our right flank. When day broke and no enemy appeared he divided his army into three corps. The first.under Osman Azrak, attacked the village; the second, with the green banner of Ali Wad Helu— with him Abdullahi's eldest son, the Sheik-ed- Din — moved towards Kerreri Heights to envelop our rigLt; the t/hird, under Abdullahi himself and his brother lakub, remained behind Surgham ready, as need might be, to envelop our left, or to act as reserve and bar our road to Om durman. What befell 'the first you know; Osman Azrak died with them. The second spread out towards our right, and there it fell in with the li-gyptian cavalry, horse batten', and camel corps. When Broadwood Bey fell back before the attack he sent word of its coining to the Sirdar, and receiving orders to remain outside the trench and keep the enemy in front, instead of letting them get round the right. Accordingly he occu pied the heights of Kerreri. But the mo ment he got to the top he found himself in face of Wad Helu's unsuspected army corps-12,000 to 15,000 men against less than 2,000— and the moment he saw them they began swarming up the hill. There was JUST A MOMENT for decision, but one moment is all that a born cavalry general needs. The next his galloper was flying with the news to the Sirdar, and the mounted troops irere re treating northward. The choice lay be tween isolation, annihilation, or retreat on Agaiga and envelopment on the right. Broadwood chose the first: but even for that the time was short enough. The camels floundered on the rocky hillside1 the guns dragged; the whole mass of der vishes pursued them with a pelting fire. j-wo guns lost all their horses and were abandoned; the camel corps alone had over 60 men hit. As for the cavalry, they went back very hard pressed covering their comrades' retreat and their own by carbine fire. If the Egyptian army but gave Vic toria Crosses there were many earned that day. Man after man rode back to bring in dismounted officers, and would hardly be dissuaded from their endeavor When it was seen the rescued were plainly dead. U was the great day of trial— the day the pick of our cavalry officers had worked for through a weary decade and more — and the Fayum fellah fought like a hero and died like a man. One or two short of 40 tilled and wounded was the day's loss; but they came off handsomely. The army of toe green flag was now on Kerreri heights, between them and the camp; but witn Broadwood's force unbroken behind it, it paused from the meditated attack on the Egyptian right. In the pause three of the four gunboats caught it, and pepper castored it over with shell and Maxim fire. It withdrew from the river towards the centre again; the instant a way was cleared the out-paced camel corps was passed back to Agaiga. The cavalry hung upon the green flag's left till they withdrew clean southward and inland; then it moved pla cidly back to the infantry again. TJb.ua much for the right; on the left the British cavalry were in the stress of an engagement, less 'perfectly conducted, even more hardily fought out. They left the zariba, as you heard, . THE 'MOMENT THE ATTACK burned out, find pricked eagerly off to Omdurman. Verging somewhat westward, *to' the rear of -QebeHSurgham, they cami on some 300 dervishes. Their scouts had been over the ground a thousand yards ahead of them,'- and |t wasSffieat for a charge. ? Only to cut them off ' it was thought better to get a little west of them, then left wheel, and thus gallop dawn on them and drive them away from^' theit supports. The trumpets sang out' the or der, the troops glided into line, and, four squadrons in column, ~ the 2lst Lancers swung into their first charge. - ' .. ? Knee to knee, they swept on till they were but 200 yards from the enemy. Then suddenly— then in- a 'flash' — they— saw- .the trap.'' Between them and the -300 .there yawned suddenly a deep ravine; out of thi' ravine there sprang instantly a cloud oi dark heads and a. brandished lightning' of swords and a thunder of savage voices. Mahmud smiled when he heard the tale in prison ut naua ana saiu n was tuen favorite stratagem. It had succeeded. Three thousand, if tnere was one, to a short five hundred; but it was too late to check now, Must go through with it now. The blun ders or British cavalry are the fertile seed of British glory — knee to knee the Lancers whirled on. One hundred yards — fifty — knee to knee ? Slap ! 'It was just like that,' said a cap tain, bringing his fist hard into his open palm. Through the swordsmen the- shore without checking — and then came the khor. The colonel at their head, riding straight through everything without sword or revolver drawn, found his horse on it» head and the swords swooping about hi» own. He got the charger up again and rode on straight, unarmed, through every thing. The squadrons followed him down the' fall. Horses plunged, blundered, re covered, fell; dervishes on the ground lay for the hamstringing cut ; OFFICERS PISTOLLED THEM. in passing over, as one drops a stone into a bucket; troopers bhrust till lances broke, then cut; everybody went on straight through everything. And through everything clean out the other side they came — those bhat kept up or got up in time. The others were on the ground — in pieces by now, for the cruel swords shore through shoulder and thigh, and carved the dead into fillets. Twenty four of these, and of those that came out 74 had feit sword or bulkt or spear. Few horses stayed behind among the swords, but nearly 130 were wounded. Lieutenant Robert Grenfell's troop came on a place with a jump out as well as a jump in; it lost officer, centre guide, and both flank guides, 10 killed, and 11 wouuded. Yet, when they burst straggling out their only thought was to rally and go in again. 'Rally, No. 2,' yelled a sergeant so man gled across fjhe face that his body was a cascade of blood, and nose and cheeks flapped hideously as he yelled. 'Fall out, sergeant, you're wounded,' said the sub altern of his troop. No, no, sir; fall in,' came the hoarse answer; and the man reeled in his saddle. 'Fall in, No. 2; fall in Where are the devils? Show me the devils.' And No. 2 fell in— four whole men out of thirty. They chafed and stamped and blas phemed to go through them again, though the colonel wisely forbade them to face the pit anew. There were gnashings of teeth and howls of speechless rage— things half theatrical, half brutal to tell of when blood has cooled, yet things to rejoice over, in that they show the lighting devil has not, fl.T f-AT* a 1.1 hoan rtiinli *_ -^^1 s*n 4- ~.C ~T)*» i — . ? Also, there were many and many DEEDS OF SELF-ABANDONING heroism; of which tale the half will never be told. Take only one. Lieutenant De Monbmorency missed his troop-sergeant and rtode hack among the slashes to look for him. There he found the hacked body of Lieutenant Grenfell. He dismounted and put it up on his horse, not seeing, in his heat, that life had drained out long since by a dozen channels. The horse bolted under the slackened muscles, and De Mon'tmorency was left alone with his revolver and 3,000 screaming fiends. Cap tain Kenna and Corporal Swarbrick rode out, caught his horse, and brought it back; the three answered the fire of the 3,000 at fifty yards and got quietly back to their own line untouched. Forbearing a second charge the Lancers dismounted and opened fire; the carbines at short range took an opulent vengeance for the lost. Back, back, back they drove them, till they came into the fire of the 32nd Battery. Then shrapnel flew shriek ing over them; the 3,000 fell all ways, and died. All this from hearsay; now to go back to what he saw. When Vim Sirdar moved his brigades southward he knew what he was doing. He was giving his right to an unbeaten enemy; with his usual daring he made it so. His came now was to get between the dervishes and Omdurman. Perhaps he did not guess what a bellyful of beating the unbeaten enemy would take; but he trusted to his generals and his star, and, as always, they bore him to The blacks ot the locn uattaiion were storming Gebel Surgham. Lewis and Mac donald, facing west and south, had formed a right angle. They were RECEIVING THE FJiRiE of the Khalifa's division, and the change of the Khalifa's horsemen; behind these the Khalifa's huge black standard was flapping raven- like. The Baggara horsemen were few and ill-mounted — perhaps 200 al together—but they rode to get home or die. They died. There was a time when one galloping Baggara would have chased a thousand Egyptians; but that time is very long past. The fellaheen stood like a wall and aimed steadily, at the word tlhe chargers swerved towards Macdonald. The blacks, as cool as any Scotchmen, 6tood and aimed likewise; tihe last Baggara fell at the muzzles of the rifles. Our fire went on, steady, remorseless. The Reming ton bullets piped more and more rarely overhead, and the black heads thinned out in front, A second time the attack guttered and flickered out. It was just past 10; once more, to Oud unman. Two minutes' silence. Then once more the howling storm rushed down upon us; once more crashed forth the answering tempest. This time it burst upon Mac donald alone — from the north-westward upon (his right flank, spreading and gather ing to his right rear. For all their sudden swiftness of movement the dervishes throughout this day never lost their for mation; their lines drove on as rigidly as ours, regiment alongside regiment in lines at six and eight and a dozen ranks till you might have fancied the Macedonian phalanx wae alive again. Left and front and right and rear the masses ate up the desert — 12,000 unbroken, fast, and fearless warriors leaping round 3,000. Now began the fiercest fight of that fierce day. The Khalifa brought up bis own black banner again; his staunchest die-hards drove it -into the earth and locked their ranks about it. The green flag danced en couragement to the Allah-intoxicated bat talions of Wad Helu and the Sheikhed Din. It was victory or Paradise now. For us it was victory or shredded flesh .and, bones, unburied, crackling, under the red clippers of ^Baggara VictoYs. It was the very crux and crisis of the fight If Macdonald went, Lewis on his left and Collinson and the supporting camel corps and the newly returned cavalry, all on his right or rear, must all go too. The Second British^and. Second Egyptian Brigades were: far off -by now, advancing by the left, of Surgham Hill; if they had to be recalled the Khalifa could walk back into his stronghold, and then ail our fighting was to begin anew. But Hunter Pasha 'was there, and Macdonald Bey was there, born fight ing men both, whom no danger can flurry and no sudden' shift in the kaleidoscope of battle disconcert* -Hunter sent for _Wau chope's First British Brigade to 'fill the gap between Macdonald and Lewis; The order went to General Gatacre first instead of to the' Sirdar; with the soldier's instinct' he set the brigade moving on the instant. The khaki columns faced round and edged rightward, riehtward, till the fighting line was backed with 3,000 Lee-'Metfords, which no man on earth could face and live. Later the Lincolns were moved further still on to Macdonald's right. They dispute with the Warwicks the title of the best shooting re giment in the British army; the men they shot at will dispute no claim of THE LIiNCOUNB FOR EVEK. But the cockpit of the fight was Mac donald's. The British might avenge his brigade; it was his to keep it and to kill off J the attack. To meet it he turned his front through a complete half- circle, facing j successively south, west, and north. Every j tactician in the army waa delirious in his j praise; the ignorant correspondent was content to watch the man and his blacks. 'Cool as on parade,' is an old phrase; Macdonald Bey was very much cooler. Be neath the strong, square-hewn face you could tell that the brain was working as if packed in ice. He 6at solid on his horse and bent his black brows towards the green flag and the Remingtons. Then he turned to a gaJloper with an order, and cantered easily up to a battalion comman der. Magically the rifles hushed, the stinging powder smoke wisped away, and the battalions were rapidly threading back and forward, round and round, in and out, as if it were a figure of a dance. In two minutes the brigade waa together again in a new place. The field in front was hasten ing towards us in a whitey-brown cloud of dervishes. An order. MacdonaJd's jaws gripped and hardened as the flame spurted out again, and the whitey-brown cloud quivered and stood still. He saw every thing; knew what to do; knew how to do it; did it. At the fire he was ever brood- ; ing watchfully behind his firing line; at the cease fire he was instantly in front of it; ' all saw him, and knew that they were be- ! ing nursed to triumph. His Macks of the 9th, 10th, and 11 Uh, the historic fighting regiments of the Egyptian j army, were worthy of their Chief. The 2nd Egyptian, brigaded with them and fighting i in the line, were worthy of bheir comrades and of their own reputation as the BEST DISCIPLINED BATTALION iji the world. A few had feared that the blades would be too forward, toe yellows I too backward; except that the blacks, as , always, looked happier, there was no dif- ' ference at all between them. The Egyp tians sprang to the advance at the bug'le; the Sudanese ceased fire in an instant ! silence at the busrle. They were losing i men, too, for though eyes were clamped ! on tne nervism charges, tine dervish fire waa brisk. Man after man dropped out behind the firing line. Here was a white officer with a red-lathered charger; there a black stretched straight, bare-Aeaded in the sun, dry-lipped, uncomplaining, a bul Jet through h'is liver; two yards away a dead driver by a dead battery mule, his whip still glued in hand. The table of loss had 'bopped 100— 150— neared 200. Still :hey stood, fired, advanced, fired, changed front, fired — firing, firing always, deaf in the din, blind in the smarting smoke, hot, dry, bleeding, bloodthirsty, enduring the devilish fight to the end. And the dervishes? The honor of the fight must still go with the men who died. Our men were perfect, but the dervishes were superb — beyond perfection. It was tiheir largest, best, and bravest army that ever fought against us for Mahdism. and it died worthily of the huge empire that Mahdism won and kept so long. Their riflemen, mangled by every kind of death and torment Chat man can devise, clung round the black flag and the green, empty ing their poor, rotten, home- made cart ridges dauntlessly. Their spearmen charged death at every minute hopelessly. Their horsemen led each attack, riding in to the bullets till nothing was left but three houses trotting up co our line, heads down, saying — 'For goodne6a' sake, let us in out of this.' Not one rush, or two, or ten — but rush on rush, company on com pany, never stopping, though all their view that was not uisnaken enemy was the bodies of the men who had rushed be fore them. A dusky line got up and stormed forward— At bent, broke up, FELL APAjIOT, AND DISAPPEARED. Before the smoke had cleared another line was bending and storming forward in the same track. It was over. The avenging squadrons of the Egyptian cavalry swept over the field. The Khalifa and the Sheikh-ed-Din had galloped back to Omdurman. Ali Wad Helu was borne away on an angareb with a bullet through his thigh-bone. Yakub lay dead under his brother's banner. From the green army there now came only death enamored desperadoes, strolling one by one towards the rifles, pausing to shake a spear, turning aside to recognise a corpse, then caught by a sudden jet of furv, bounding forward, checking, sinking limply to the ground. Now under the black nag in a ring of bodies stood only three men faicing the three thousand of the Third Brigade. They folded their arms about the staff and gazed steadily forward. Two fell. Sie last dervish stood up and filled his est; he shouted the name of his god and hurled his spear. Then he. stood quite still, waiting. It took hijn full ; he quivered, gave at the knees, and toppled with his head on his arms and his face towards the legions of his conquerors. It is estimated that the earth receives not more than one thousand millionth part of the total radiation of the sun's rays. If any considerable proportion of this heat were concentrated upon the earth it would not only became uninhabitable, but be come speedily consumed. If the great ac cumulation ot ice at the North Pole were placed at a point on which this tremendous leat could be fooussed, it would melt at Sie rate of three hundred millions of miles of solid ice per second, and that heat is estimated to generate energy at the rate of albout ten thousand horsepower to every idquare foot of surface. 