COUNTEY INTELL.IGEN'CE. 11 *--rt*s .. . TANCNDA, October 28. A highly-successful social was tendered to-night to Mr. W. 6. Thomas, the popular and universally - respected secretary and manager of the Chateau Tairanda, on the ere of his departure for Kapunda, where he intends to start business with Mr. C. J. Coles. Mr. S. von Bertonch, J.P., presided over the assemblage which, in spite of most inclement weather, was very repre sentative. Several toasts were honored and 6ongs and recitations helped to make the gathering a success. General regret is felt at Mr. Thomas's departure from here. EUT>UNDA,October 29. Splendid rains have fallen since the after soon of the 26th. At 9 a.m. this morning the total registered at the local post-office was 150 points. The rain was pretty well distributed over the whole of tms district. During the last three days we have had very high winds, with frequent foils of hail, not heavy enough to do any damage. This nun was very welcome, and-will do a great deal of good, especially to the late crops. A considerable quantity of hay been cut: in this district, principally self^ownHrhicli may suffer from the rain unless it is well put together in the cocks. The continued, dry weather, with frequent hot winds, which we experiencecL during September and the early part of this month, has done a great deal of damage, and scores of acres of wheat has died off beyond recovery. The wood trade still keeps up. Ata magistrates'court, held here on Wed nesday, the 19th insfc., before Messrs. &. Feige and F. W. Paecb, justices, two men, named John Kelly and Patrick White, were charged by Carl F. Bawolle, of Hundred of Brownlow, with illegally using a certain mare without the consent of the owner. These men had been arrested at Eapunda by Constable Hampton on a warrant foz horsestealing and larceny of a spring cart .and other things; that charge was withdrawn, and one of illegally using the mare was substituted. The prisoners pleaded guilty and were fined 20s. each and 10s. court fees, or' in default 14 days' im prisonment. They went to the Adelaide gaol. At the magistrate's court 27th inst., before J?. G. E. Appelt .and - James Gosden, justices, Crown Lands. Sanger Jordan v W elhelm .jbneuer and B; Waith for illegally cutting timber on the reserve near Levi's Creek. Diener pleaded guilty, and was fined 10s. and 10s. costs. As Waith was in the employ of Diener, and had no pecuniary interest in the wood cut, the information against him was withdrawn. I L.-C. Bushell v H. Heinrieh .cn two infor mations for drunkenness and obscene language at Sutherlands on 15th inst. Defendant pleaded guilty, and said he was only using " bush language." He was advised to confine the use of such language to the bush. Constable Jordan made a statement as to the defendant's condition and the .language used. Defendant was fined 5s. and 10s. cost in each case. On the same date, at a court of full jurisdiction, Mr. W.Johnstone, S.M., presiding, supported by Messrs. F. G. E. Appelt and James Gosden, justices, Amelia Burow charged her husband, Ferdinand Ludwig Burow, of Bright, farmer, with cruelty to her, and applied for separation and maintenance. Mr, A. J. Foster for the informant and Mr. P, McM. Glynn for the defendant. This was the first case in this court under the Married Women's Protection Act of 1896.; Johnstone spoke of the heavy responsibilities imposed upon magistrates in the administration of this Act, and stated that in other courts it had been the practice to allow the parties to confer, which had resulted more than once in a happy manner, the parties having settled their difference in an amicable way, and went on their way rejoicing. He-suggested that the learned counsel should adopt this course now. After some hesitation the parties, through their counsel, with the assistant of Mr. Peach as interpreter, came to an arrangement by which the information was withdrawn by consent, the parties having agreed to separate on the following terms:-The defendant to pay informant .£50 cash, and give her 2 cows, 2 pigs, 20 fowls and the furniture in the house in the room now occupied by her. The informant to live separate and release defendant from all further maintenance or otherwise. ' Mr. Johnstone conducted a court of revision. Mr. W. Boys, registrar, produced the electoral rolls for the following polling places in District of ' Light- Eudunda, Australia Plain, Sutherlands, Point Pass, Bobertetown and Brownlow. About 65 names ware Struck off. TBUBPO, October 30. The first cricket thatch of the season' in this neighborhood was played on th- sTruro Recreation Park on Wednesday, October 26, between the local cricket club and a team from Kapunda. A new green cocoannt matting was used for the first time, and the wicket played fast and weU. The : local men had first possession of the bat, | and put together a respectable total of 167 I before the cist wicket fell; the chief con tribntors being ~-J. B. Maley, 40; W. W Murray, 36; G. Walder, 31} and S. B. Wilson, 15. The visitors responded with 101, of which C. "Walder was responsible for 43, and E. Sobels for 32. The follow, ing are the score∧ bowling analyses i~ ; T&VBO.; ? B- Wilson, c C. Walder, b A. New j ;bury ... : is i B. Godlee, b C. Walder g i O/H. Walder,b A. Newbury ... ... 31. W. W.Murray, run out ... ... 36 H. Headlen, c A. Newbury, b Sobels ... 6 J. B. Maley, b Eayment ... ." 40 B. Thamm, b Walpole ... 1 H. Fairey, b E. Newbury ... ... o Spencer, b E. Newbury ... ... Q J. Scott, b E. Newbury... ,i# M| g B. Scott, not out... ...' ... *" j Sundries ... ... ... '**" 27 Total Bowling Analysis. Bowler Balls Suns Mdns - Wkts C. Walder 24 27 1 l A. Newbury 36 39 0 2 B. Sobels 18 33 0 1 G. Eayment 19 22 0 . 1 G. Walpole 23 14 0 1 E. Newbury 10 G O g KAPUNDA. J. Westley, b G. Clarke, o B. Scott, b B. Godlee 6 C. Walder, b B. Godlee... ... ... "43 0\. Walpole; b Headfett ... " ...'£ ... 2 S. Sobels,c Thamm, b fieadleu ... 32 A, Newbury, run out ... ... 3 2- Newbury, b Fairey ... ... lit 4 G. Eayment, c Headlen, b Fairey ... 0 H. Godlee, b Fairey ... 4 A. Godlee, b B. Godlee..*. ... ... 4 H. Mattfeldt, not out ... ... Q Sundries ... TofcaI "V ,V ... 101 Bowling Analysis. Bowler Balls Buns Mdns. Wkfcs. B. Godlee, 52 22 2 3 G. Walder 24 12 l 1 B Thamm 30 11 2 v J. B. Maley 12 15 0 O H. Headlen 24 15 0 2 H. Fairey 25 23 2 3 ^In the evening an entertainment was given in the institute hall, and was well patronised. The following programme was successfully carried out and many of the items were redemandeiOverture, piano, Mrs. Tolcher j song, "Nancy Lee," Mr. S!- Ztm a ^g.datfs always laughing, Mr. W. Locking; skirt dance, Misses Teasdale and Tolcher; song, TVIign Kieigjsong, «Tosee ii I liked butter," Mr. A. Ogilviej duet violin and piano. Misses Branson and Teasdale; duet, piano. Misses E, Walder and A. Crabb: «®ngt "island of dreams/' Miss Krieg; song, I like to walk me out," Mrs. Headlen ; « o tow6r" Miss A. H. and Mr. S.E. Walder; song, "The lost child," Miss Branson; Highland fling, Misses Teasdale and Tolcher; Irish melody." The Irish swells," Messrs. W. Locking, A. Ogilvie, H. Branson and G. H. Walder; song, "And the verdict was," Mr. Headlen. Two farces, entitled "Dr. Diasulum," and Paddy and the ghost," were also given, the characters being represented by Messrs. J. A. Tolcher, W. Locking, G. H. Walder, H. Branson and A. Ogilvie. Mrs. Tolcher acted accompanist during Ithe evening A dance followed, and was kept up till an early hour next morning, HAMILTON, November 2. ^ hr$^ of goslings hatched on Mr. John Wmdebank's farm last week, one has three legs, the third being on its and hangs over the side. The foot and leg are fully formed. The gosling is doing well *a fe®fc, the largest of the brood. SADDLEWOETH, November 2. On Fric ay evening, October 27, a concert took place in the institute in aid of St. Stephen's Church, Saddleworth. There was a good attendance. Mr. J. McCormack presided. The Rev. Father Andrew's lecture on "Irish valor" was greatly appreciated. Miss OUey, Powell, Smith, Kinnane, and Hooper contributed songs, andhad to respond to encores, NUBIOOTPA, November2. Sincei- Wednesday last we have ex penencea nearly all sorts of weather, in cluding very stormy, with very heavy falls of hail. The rain which fell at times in very heavy showers was indeed welcome, but we could very well have done without the storm. The orchards and vineyards have suffered very much; indeed in taMrfng to an orchardist he declares several hnndred pounds worth of iroit will be lost in this district. The apricots are - very badly cut about with the hail, also apples and pears, and no end of fruit spurs have been destroyed. In the vineyards the vines are terribly knocked about, the young shoots and grapes are lying about quite thickly.The vegetable grower did not escape, as most of the young plants of the cucumber and melon* tribe are cut to pieces. The haymakers are also in the swim. The" hay that was cut and put up in heaps was blown over and thoroughly soaked. Tho3e who had commenced to cut and had open istacks have been put to a lot of extra trouble. But still everyone will say " Oh, what splendid rains." The gardeners have' not lost any time in getting the scarifiers and ploughs to work, not thai; the ground will work. ' Flux carting is now in full swing again after a space of several weeks. . Farmers are jubilant over the substan tial rise in hay, and some very fair crops will be cut. _ MAEEA BEL, November 2. Since writing last we have had some peculiar weather-some days hot enough for the middle of summer,-with very strong north winds, but on Thursday last the long-looked for rain came and it continned showery during Friday and Saturday. In, all we had a little over an inch. The" weather since has been more pleasant. Dur ing Friday we also had a lot of hail, -which, no doubt, did not improve the crops. Some are a good deal knocked about; but for all that the rain that we had did far more good than what the hail did damage. I see by last week's Herald that Mr. D. Moody, M-P-, 1~ as seen crops near Eadunda, and he estimates them to turn out from 10 to 15 bnsbels to the acre. Well, he bad better not come near Marrabel or he will find that the most of them go far below that amount. It is true that here and there one looks well, but very few will torn out 15 bushels to the acre. Hay cutting has begun in a few places, but the most is too young, and since the rain it is all fresh ? and green and growing still. j Measles has made its appearance about -hare, but, as far as I can learn, in a very mild form. Several families have had the unpleasant visitor, and not in all cases children only, older people also having them. : A good deal of wheat is still finding" its way to our local flour mill. Since the new machinery has been put in th^prOprietor is able to turn outmo?e and-a better flour than with the old machinery^ the proof being that many orders come from a long distance. There was very heavy thunder and lightning this morning, with little rain. \- JAMESTOWN, October 29. Mr. E. T. Jeffers, who has been manag ing the local branch of Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co., being abont to be removed to the Kapunda branch, was tendered a fare. ! well social at the institute on Thursday evening, October 27. The members of the Jamestown Liedertafel, with a number of the residents of the town and district, ^atteaded to testify their esteem and respect for:-the departing guest. Light refresh mehts were partaken of, and the proceed^ ings - were of a cordial and pleasant character. Testimony was borne to 'the success Mr. Jeffers had attained its a repre sentative of hisfirm, and-Teference was inade to his many social qualities and to the interest he had manifested in the local jockey club, of which he acted as hon. secretary, and to his active membersiuj^- in theagriculturial society. Mr. Jeffera suit ably replied, and regretted his departure from the town and district where hefca& spent many happy times. ANGASTON, October 30. . A. pleasant gathering took place, in the . Angaston Institute on .Friday afternoon, the occasion being a presentation to Mr.; Thomas Perry, the local representative of Messrs. John :Hill &Co..; in recognition of . his courtesy, care, and:, attention', to pas sengers. during the twenty years he has had - charge of the coach between Angaston, and. 'FreeUng. The presentation took theV -farm of a parse of sovereigns subscribed -by re? sidents of Angaston, Nuriofctpa, Ky netoj^, Moculta, and surrounding" districts. -Eulogistic speeches were made by Messrg., W. Clarke, J. S. Wainwright,-WrJ3agetj2i Sogers, and others. V. ? _; BLAOKEOC^^QreintSr During the last .forfeight we haVe the most* variable weather-blinding hot winiia with J dust, then a few drops of rain,, then cahn for a day or two, then thunder and light-' ning. Several farmers had the misfortune to have their barns blp wii do ^ completely, so they are relieved of the worry of not. having anything tostore in such buildings! Last Friday a welcome change set in,' and. we were favored with nice showers of rain and hail, which seeins .to have done some damage to early crops. About three quarters of an inch of rain fell. Haymak ing is in full .swing; at least, the mowers. are run over the ground, but very little is' to be found after the horse-rake has been ! over. The average will not exceed six or seven cwt. to the acre. The farmers say it is better than last year and go it is. Friday's rain has improved the wheat to a certain extent, of course, what was alive and green, and with favorable weather the average might come to three or four bushels, Last Friday evening a farewell social was given in the local Baptist Church-to the Kev. E. Bungey, who is leaving- for Broken Hill to take charge of the Baptist Church there. Mr. Bungey was very much esteemed by all with whom ho came in contact as pastor, or in social life, H> was presented with a gladstone bag, and Mrs. Bungey, . who always took a great interest in Sunday- school and choral singing, was presented with a teapot suit-' ably inscribed, by the ladies of the con gregation. Last night a farewell social was given to Mr. Bungey at Orroroo. The Orrorop 6how was held on the 26th of last month, but it turned .out rather small. The day wasdusty and hot. Some times . you would have required a good lantern if yon wished to see some of the. exhibits as the dust was so thick: Exhibits were more numerous than last year in live stock and implements, but in the pavilion there were only bare Walls to be seen.]} - Heaping will be staited shortly. . . 