CHAPTER XXVI. ( When Captain Radcliffe returned from -scorting Lucy to her hotel, he felt little inclination for sleep, so the two friends sat up late talking over the best means for qheckmating Mr Stump, now that it-was believed he had gone over to John Rawdon. '* There is only one course," said Ro bert Blake, "and that not a safe one ilith such a turncoat-to bid higher than IPawdon. If he gave a hundred, we must give two, I ownder whether the story of the gentleman buying the cer tificate is tiue. I hardly believe it. Mr ltpmp is a mixture of cunning and fear, and as likely as not palmdd off a false certificate." .."He is sharp enough for anything, IBlake.. I was just in time to prevent him opening your pocket-book. From lwhat Lucy says, he has got ovei his fit of.remorse, so on that score we can do kotling.. It is difficult to know what line to take." 1"It is. But leave him to me, Gus. Ill see him to- morrow evening, I know his weak points." ! "What.do you think of the la?tyer?" '"Unfortunate, in some respects. He l a whll-known man, and very sharp. I 'wish she had gone elsewhere. I've a good mind to see him, and 'put him on n fl.se scent. It wouldn't be a bad Idldge." The idea tickled the two men im nmensely. "You are a'daring fellow, Blake. I nm sure you will succeed." I "Yes, Rawdon's bills would show my gUod faith. It is worth trying. IHow cver, one thing at a time. .W will settle Mr Stump first." The following evening Robert Blake 'lined at the. coffee tavern,. in Beck Strdet, and,then ?bt out fbr,IKensingtoln . hre Cottage was in darkness, and he \- ould get no response to repeated knocks. Somewhat disheartened, he re Itraded his steps, when it occurred to him ihat Air Stump might be at the church. WThe door was open, and to his inquiries of the pew-opener lie learnt that the clerk had. gone to the country. Vexed "'at the loss of time, RobeirtBlake strode t houghtfully homeward, but suddenly. topped. . S"I'll do It," he muttered, as lie turned aN:his heels. "I know where he'keeps ist desk. Perhaps it,contains papers, and among them the one I want." S rIrived at :the cottage, he again cnoclked at the door, and, feeling more secure, tried the windows and doors. '"The fellow is careful, as one would xpect from a miser. I wonder what Called him away? Three days,,the'wo man said. Gone into the country to see (Rawdon, I shouldn't be surprised. How ihe deuce am I to get in? This role of ourglar hardly suits my temperament. [Not a single door unfastened, and the phutters closed. I dare not break a pane of glass; it would make too much noise. If there is a ladder in the gar. lden, -I could try the upper windows." I In the,. outhouse lie found what he aunted, and, placing it against the wall, k?!icovered, to his delight, the sashi slightly down, and without further dif 18cpity he entered. Striking a match, [Robert Blake groped his woy down Stairs tothe sitting-room, and lighted klJe candle . S"Now, for the desk. He kieeps. t In t~e cupboard, which is locked, of cours-; 961 but my eyes were not nla" closed, Mr Stump, though you.tho they were. .(,know where you hid i precious key. It isn!t every robber ?lhis SUch easy "wolk.." Now for th~e contents of the dek." " S"jhat's tilts-as ye hn as a guinea frOm,age? A letter rem Betsy Stump. Ah, this is better! y Jrve! the certi ficate of the marri ge of ljobekt Good win and Alice Cu nmin. The old vil lain! -What a i? d, to be se! ' You've the devil's luck, Robertl In the tolls again, Rawdon' I'll ?,?ren with you for your treat cry. e ? nmore money revenge is ssleter. Who were the wit nesses? Patsy Sttih p and hir bro ther. She must knol if a child was born, and where it is. We shall see what she says to this p e of evidence. No need to look further- The old miser will hae another fit 6df pentance when he finls the certificate trished." Robert Blakle locked tIe cupboard, re placed the key, careful removed the marks of lisS boots front' it window-sill; put back the ladder, d wended his way to Fleur- de-lis-cou , overjoyed at his success. W'e left Philip reresred- to health and strength by the kin nursing of his friends, the Edgehllls, and happy in the possession of the secret for which he hiadbraved the perlh s land and sea. The- privations -n~read ?i endured had made terrible inroads on his, constitu tlon, and convalescence was tedious. When bodily vigor returned he be came impatient of delay, and surprised the family one morning atbreakfast by the announcement that:he should leave themi on the morrow. 'His host did not conceal his regret atAthe sudden deter mination, for he loved Philip, as, a.son, and used all his persuasive posvers to induce him to:remaln with them. His solicitude, under other copditions might, perhaps, hic,ebeen successful, but no tempting offer, hower~-geneous, could change Philip's' intention, and in the end he ceased to urge. " With many heartburnings the_ whole household gathered to bid him good-bye, and more than one eye was moist 'when the form of their guest o sjQ$t-.hlie distance. Philip, aecobrpahied by Mark, pushed rapidly forward, and:as he passed the lace of adventure with the bushrangers he pointed out to his companion the shanty, now deserted,.where the ruffians had attempted hisilife. ' It seemed but yesterday-So quick is the flight of time -since that terrible night of the escape, and still more terribl emorning under the tree, alld lie shuddered 'at the recollec tion. How swift had retribution fol lowed! Of all the actors in the tragedy, not a single bushranger remained; of. the others, lie alone. - ,Philip took an affectionate farewell of his companion, nod the same evening arrived at Melbourne. 1 Nearly a year had elailsed since his departure from the city, and as he stepped'on to the river bank the memory of that day came back to him. Then he Was not alone; his noble friend, who had given his life for him, and whose .boly lay buried in the desert, had walked:with him. Even now he saw in- imgination' a form with a dark face and skin and noiseless tread keeping pace with him, and he instine tively tried' to. graspthe well-known lBut It was a 5delusion. That form could ne'er more ti -earth utter cheer ing words-wotull:iever again raise a oyous laugh. Itas tamirage. - "Poor Jackson!';:he mnurmured. "True even to death. -Little did-I think that you, the stronige should die, whilst I, the weaker,-shouI live. Oh, Fate, Fate! how hard to bear 'is thy cruel decree!, Thou mistress t:. the lives and fortunes of human' kirid,Couldst thou not have spared him?" And a slgh from a troubled spirit rose laboring from his breast. the city was more crowded,its palaces more lmposing,4and its progress _-more marked; but" Philip noticed none 'of these. ' He strode.on, looking neither to right nor left, lIttle changed, only bronzed "by ;the 'moil of those three weary days, till he came to the mer chant's office' ""'. "Is it possible he lhas forgotten me ? Then I must be chanlged!" said Philip to himself. " ' The youth stuck-his pen behind his ear, and again:asked the question. "I wish to see Mr lacculloch." "Then you cahlt.. He's gone away for a few days:. Won't-I do? We manage the business.' Perhaps you've come about the wool saled?" Philip smiled5 t the air of assumed authority, and, said, '"I'm Mr Goodwin. Don't you reniember me?" The youth's.rd :hair disappeared, and Philip could hear: him vainly endeavor ing to smotlher,hls laughter. "What is the matter?" he said, sharp y. "Time has :not polished your man ners.': . . -, . .. . . . 'Nor your humlug,' was the pert re joinder. t .'ItwIn'tdo.- You can't play that game unlesss ou're his ghost. Our Mr Goodwin.dled three months ago-we heard it from Mr Catneron, of Killamoo boo- "Ill news I.travels apace," muttered Philip. Then .aloudd; "It's a mistake; I did not die. I am not a ghost, but Philip Goodwin, in the flesh." Red-hair stared, left his desk, and, peering Into the bronzed feAtures, ex claimed, "So. you are! Where's the darky?" - " "Dead,, poortfellow--dead! But I did not come' to bandy Words. Where canlI find Mr "Macculloch?" . "He's gonei to-Blocklands to see Mr Goodwin; the geiitleman who gave you the letter. Heis very ill--dying, I heard the messenger s,"- You had better go "Mr G6odwin" '-said Philip, in sur prise. - - "Yes. I thbught you knew that he's your unimcle. He's the richest man about these partr-,-*t uwls a deal of pro perity We manage itfor - Hallo! ihe's gone. Here's a pretty kettle of fish. The dead main's come to life, and the old man's making ahother will. He won't get there in time. He shall, though, if I can help him?'Hle isn't so cheeky as some who some here;" and, dashIng through the door, he caught Philip, al ready some distance down the street. "Stop, M?r Goodwin- IIow you do travel! You canl have one of ?ir Manc culloch's horses." "Thanks, youngster. I'll not forget you for this." .-~. 