MUM. SKRHL A HEADACHE. Readeb mine, blest art thou if thou hast never known headache. Like the toothache, with its ' venom' d stang,' as Barns hath it, headaohe begets but small sympathy for the person to whom the head belongs. It is trivial, a mere passing throb of an upward artery, an unpleasant sensation, a by no means serious affliction, and so ou ; and those around you laugh and joke and play as usual. Personally I have experienced many pains, bat when in extremis, with the other land fall in view, I ask to be spared pain in the head. Of oonrse, headaches proceed from various causes, and, therefore, the sufferer is subjeoted to no end of per sistent- advioe from good-natured, but in tolerable, amateur pain allayers. They are all cocksure as to the cause of yonr pain, and are quite positive as to the efficaoy of their remedy ; and if one is only weak enough to give ear to their experiences and the 'wonderful effects' of their nostrums, one might soon give up the ghost and become a more or less decent- looking corpse for a coroner to 'tic on,' in order to discover from which of tbe many nauseous poisons one re ceived one's quietus. Without being a very wpak subject i recently sampled a good' many of the«e 'infallible' remedies for headache, and my experience is that 'twere better to endure the ills one is quite sure of than to venture upon even a trial of those one is in ignorance about. The idea of headaohe pains assuming shape and form got a firm hold of me the other day when suffering snoh torment that the I pain became almost exquisite. I beoame so interested in the volatile movements of these pain 'gamins ' that I not only grinned but laughed outright. Of oourse 1 was quite oblivious ot all mundane things, for though my lively tormentors assumed muDdane forms, and engaged in mundane occupations, I recognized the fact that I was under some sort of a spell in spirit-land. Dear reader, I am serious when I say that the imps that scampered ovpr my poor brain were nut blue, and had no affinity with such earthly spirits as derive their origin from alcohol. In a manner, 1 was insensible to ordinary pain while pursuing these queer psychological and physiological investigations, tbe arena being my own poor cranium, under which lay the peculiar mass of matter which men call brain. Thus, messieurs the imps en gaged in these things, with whioh 1 have either praotised for profit or followed for amusement, and the beggars began to lino my cranium with boavds, aud the sawing and hammering and driving of wire nails into Biltio pine boards, every tap of the hammer on the nail head penetrating to my inmost vitals, was a circumstance to be remembered. Having done this to their satisfaction, these demoniac pain infliotors \- forthwith began to floor the strnoture with inoh hardwood boards. And as if by magio, in the twinkling of an eye, the big room they had formed in my skull beoame a printing office, with its wharfedales, and albion presses, and plattens, and guillotines, rolling slabs, making- np tables ; and with these the usual ham and bang and olatter of cylinders and wheels and cogs, the load voioes of men and boys above the din, and the odour of printers' ink sank down to my olfaotory organ, and thenee sank deep into my very soul. And when they had thus converted my oerebrnm into a newspaper establishment, the imps tolerated no divi sions, and both hemispheres merged into one ; while oerebrnm, oerebeUum and medulla oblongata formed one large apartment. However the various partaand divisions of my poor cranium got baok in their places I could never determine — though, there they are now— or, at least, I suppose so. The brain is a subtle study, and during my sixty hours' infliction I studied it more than I had ever done in the past. It has done me good, thongh 1 shall never forgive the pain demons for driving those nails, or sharpening pioks and drills npon an anvil. The ring of the sluioing fork on the iron bot toms - of the Bluice boxes I can forgive, for tbe rush of the cool, clear water from the monntain torrent, as it rolled down the pebbles, was cool and grateful. The rook ing of the Bhip, too, was not so bad, for it was a sweet lullaby after my long hours of wakefulness ; but how the Diokens they got that full-rigged Aberdeen liner into my brain pan puzzles me to this day. , But she was there safe enough, with all sail set from deck to truok, and her stu'nsails, both port and starboard, were ' white wings' of peaoe. And we sailed and sailed until the storm came— and then confusion. Sharp pains and dull pains, and a sense of drowning ; suffocation— a sort of grand finale— with the howling wind, the lash of waters, the ripping of canvas, the banging of blocks and swish of flying oordages ; the dismal squeak and groan of the ship's timbers as she wal lowed in the valley between two mountains of bine green water ; the crash of a splint ered mast, the thud of a fallen yard on deok, and then the weird dong dong, dong-dong, dong-dong, dong-dong of the ship's bell as the mate strnok eight; and the harsh voice of the tired look-out man, as he sang out to those below : ' Eight bells below there ! Come, hear a hand P Put on yer sea-boots and oil-skins an' tumble up 'ere sliok, like greaBed lightning. D'yejhear, there P' And my ship vanished — like another Flying Dutchman — a mere figment of a poor, aching brain. Heigh, Presto ! another change, and the bang, bang, bang of stamps ou the hard quartz in a long line of batteries carries me baok to the reefs at Fiddler's Flat ; and as qniokly am I transferred to a scene in other lands, where thousands of men in uniforms of all bolours and patterns, parade, march, rash fight; guns boom, trumpets blare, drums roll, bugleB call ; men onrse and cheer and shriek. And then all is still, save the groans of the dying. The dead alone are peaceful— harmless, for in the dark night men, women, jackals, wolves, unlean fowl rummidge emong the dead, ghoBt-like. They are vampires, and the throbbing brain would shut them out as too uncanny jEor human thought. ' "What, daylight P 'A cup of tea ?' ' Yes, by all means. I'll sit up,- thank yon. Wet am I P True, so would you be if yon had been my journeys and voyages. Dream, eh! Rather!' why — but there; it -is a relief to be free from the sawing of boards, the driving of nails, the ringing of bells, the roaring of guns, and the other noises to which I have been a martyr of late. GoneP Yes, gone for good 1 hope ; gone of its own acoord. Then I don't credit any nostrum for the cure? Of oourse not, for I am nor cured ; the pain simply left me, and may return again under certain conditions. My advioe : Wall, don't have headaohe. I have never been able to follow my own advice, not to the letter, but other people may. Anyhow, ayoid a good old-fashioned rip and tear headache as you would a mad- house. — Paulxjs. 