sipir stoaT; - - \- — The Mysterj of Berry Hall, ; ! My Dear Old Man,— Shan't see you on j;; Sunday, as I'm' off to Berry -in- the- Wold, / to stay with Angela's people. She tells me ' that the invitation is a great sign of relent- ing on the pater s part, so I couldn't refuse, even had I wished to do. It seems that old Ki vers believes I am after the dear girl's money. . He will not sanction onr engage ment ; but, luokily for me, Angela is too plucky to quail before his opposition. Last week he rushed up to me, and, forgetting to be stiff, began to tell me about his latest bargain. He is always ' doing ' somebody. He has taken Berry Hall, a fine old country mansion, for a year certain, at a ridiculously : low rent. Either the absentee proprietor is mad, or there's something mightily wrong with this Berry Hall ! Perhaps the ghosts of dead and gone tenants dance at midnight in the drawing- room, wander through the gardens, or parade the terraces. I can't afford to question. I congratulated my future father-in-law bo heartily on his perspioacity that he invited me for "a three "weeks' visit. When I find out the mystery of Berry nau, j. u let you Know. Angela is delighted. Good-bye for a while, old chum. \- Yours ever, bkgqie. Berry Hall, Monday night, 12 o'olook. Dear Jack, — The mystery is not solved as yet. I am fairly puzzled. This is a man- ; sion, indeed. I am gazing serenely out of my bedroom window at this witching hour. No shadowy forms glide over the smooth turf, or play hide-and-seek among the ancestral elms. , The owner of this place must be the biggest idiot living. It is a home to long for, to sentimentalise about. It is situated on a ; civilised road, a mile from any other habita- | tion, and the picturesque hamlet of Berry-in- !' .the- Wold. A wall Burrounds the house, and woods slope down the hill behind it as far I as the xiver, which is well stocked with a -trout. K if I were a rich man, I would buy Berry I Hall. | Old Rivers is delighted — he is even oivil to t me. ' A dozen guests are here, the Maurices, \ who overlook his plebeian origin so far as to j ask him to some of ' their ' mixed ' dinners — i the . Gsbaldistoiies, 1 who have borrowed | money of him, and are therefore bound to i accept his invitations. Fitz-E wart— who 1 has a steam yacht and a boot faotory — and j: many other self -made men are beneath this j patrician roof. Old B. is paying off his j debt to society as cheaply as possible, the j miser! I Angela is. suited by her environment, by \- | the calm grandeur oi this ancient mansion, t \ Aunt Sarah is chaperon, ' so I have had a jLi bad time: Angela and I have only met once S'i in the Lovers' Walk; but Borne wasn't || built in a day. To-morrow night we are to ifhave a hall, ||||j Thehonrof one has just struck from the ||ga|ntiqae clook up in toe belfry tower, so I iSyill hid youa fond farewell, Jack, mi Yours as ever, in remembrance of old days, illm ' REGGIE. |||ipj Wednesday Morning. My Deab Boy, — Do you happen to know of a first- class detective ? If you do, please send" him down at once, and I'll pay. We are already in communication with the police. The interest of speculation about the mystery . of Berry Hall has become stale by . .contrast with the highly -flavoured excite ment. of ...a burglary that ;is indeed mysterious. ! Angela's Aunt Sarah retired to rest after ith'e.-ball; was over, ' this morning without locking up her ' great-girandmother's diamonds. Yon will remember their hideons Splendour. When she awoke at ten o'clock febe found no trinkets on her dressing-table. jAngela har lost her pearls ; all the Maurices' paste jewellery is missing also ; so the Burglar was no discriminating. ! The windows of Angela's room were un fastened, Aunt Sarah's door was not locked, but how the thief placed a ladder against the wall of the house, ascendedand descended it, without being observed by the servants, is extraordinary. ' Needless to say, old Bivers is furious. He : iagea about the house, vowing that he will lighly reward any man who discovers or latches the miscreant.' j ' If I can catch the burglar, I shall win the laughter. Help me if yon can, Jack. Yours, B. I P.S. — Aunt Sarah says that she is certain hat the wretch is Mr. Maurice's French ralet, Alphonse ; as decent a fellow as ever I net ! He saw Angela meet me, and me meet jriigela in the - Lovers' Walk while the ball vas on, so I tipped him liberally, and he has worn to keep the secret. Now he smiles penevolently on us both. By the bye, if he vers an American, those smiles would be idionsly familiar ; as be is a foreigner, they re merely picturesque, j I P.S. No. 2.— Old Bivers is shouting in he hall that-he has found a clue. P.S. No. 3. — Would you believe, Jack, r he due turns out to he' one of my patent ! loot-buttons on the landing outside Aunt ; Sarah's door. .1 shouldn't wonder if old livers ended by crediting me with the bur- jlary ! I'll drop you a line as soon as any- j bihg happens. . Don't forget the detective, i Je . sure and send bim dovm as soon as | . ossible as I am anxious to solve this ystery. i; Thursday Morning. r j Jaok, this is monstrous ! There has been l second raid upon the jewellery of thises- l iblisbment, and old Bivers does suspect me. T Sit my fault that toy watch, rings, and jaxfpins lie undisturbed every night upon \y looking-glass ? I | Ho and Aunt Sarah have compiled lists of ie missing valuables, and wander from !;'" Bison to person reading ont the items. gain the bnrglars got off, not only scot |. y;ee, but unseen. . | lie housekeeper sbys she thinks she heard ( little scratching noise just as she was ? ping to deep. The housemaid Is convinced i at ' sperrits does it, 'cause the kitchen fires | jum blue three nights running.' _ This is all y /. le information the servants provide. = I None of. the doors or windows were left t fastened, so the thieves must possess i ieleton keys. ; iYonr detective arrived by the first train t '-is morning, and questioned as all at great | ngth. , .j.v You've failed me there, Jack ; he isn't a i ierlock Holmes.' Angela tells me her Ither, goes about telling every person ' he 5 beta, in strict confidence, that he always j:--' - nsidered me a very dangerous and angora s'. tloos man. f jAIphonee, Mr. Maurice's valet, goes abont . f v Jjking sly. p Is it only because I had to tip him again i ; .it night when I believe he knew I had been I. Rising Angela in the conservatory, although i, ;f looked quite ' distant ' as he came through ! searoh, as he said, of his master, or does ); - know more of the mystery, than we . a . Yours as before, B. Jl'-Sf-'i ' Friday. ;r,:J kck, I'm done for. How on earth shall ?-r.s%lear myself? The family silver disap-. spared last night. Alphonse has just turned ' P;asnstme. He says I am the burglar, that r ?< bribed him with gold to keep my secret j for :, -p; found me on Wednesday night stealing \- j rough the corridors with my hands fall of -Khmonds. , / - Your .detective hw, been terrifying ,A1- \- rscE3e by cross- questioning him, so he . saves bimEelf from suspicion by lying agamsb me. Of course, I was not in the corridor at all, neither have my hands at any time been ' full of diamonds.' I should say that Alphonse himself was the burglar had he not slept out of the bouse last night in the gardener's cottage to make room for the detective. Angela is in tears ; old Bivers comes cursing every few minutes to my bedroom door (it is looked on the outside), and demands the restoration of his ruby shirt studs. The deteotive says there is uo doubt of my guilt. I am to be taken to esoi. My poor darling, how will she T>ear this trial ? Will she, too, learn to donbb me ? I Rhould like to pitch old Bivers and the deteotive, together with Alphonse, into the lake that lies brooding to the north of this historio mansion. I oan scarcely realise the full horror of my position. Shall I he able to prove my inno cence, Jaok ? Send me down a lawyer at once, and let him he a better man than the deteotive. Yours distractedly, JtiEoatB. Saturday. " Better news, old fellow. Old Bivers allowed me twelve hours consideration whether I would go to gaol or confess all and return the valuables. - I spent the allotted time in the smoking- room, in the company of that detectiye. Daring the night my bedroom was entered, and my valuables stolen. A million blessings be on the heads ' of the thieves. The circumstance that muddy footprints, abont twice the size of mine, show upon the window-ledge and oarp'&t;: has persuaded old Bivers that I did not ao the actual predatory, deed. He still bints that I maybe the leader of a gang, hat hints won't send me to prison. I managed to see Angela early this morn ing, and ihe dear girl told me to keep brave, as she does. Yet 1 saw that she had been orying, and she owns that' she has not the heart to put her front hair into curling. pins. Jack, a woman like Angela comes very near being an angel. Old Bivers rashes about the place measur ing all the boots he can find. As soon as he discovers one person beneath this roof who owns feet the size of the muddy footprints he will become abusive. AlpbonBe baa just confessed that he did not imagine me to be the burglar, but 1 The deteotive he seemed to expect something.' As I thought, the oross-questibning terrified Alphonse into accusing me. ! I did not say, ' I forgive you, Alphonse.' Washington has always been my favourite hero, and I strive to live up to his illustrious example. Think of my peril, Jaok. I was nearly destroyed — sacrificed to a French valet's instinct of self-preservation. I am in bettor spirits. Don't send the lawyer. I may yet 'find the blue to this mystery. i: N- Sundav . Dbab Jaok, — The mystery is not solved yet, A cordon of policemen surrounded Berry Hall last night. We none of us retired to rtst, but remained together, quarrelling and boring one another, in the drawing- room. Now and then someone would head a searoh nartv. stealinsr silentlv th'ronffh the mansion. Notwithstanding these efforts, another burglary took place. The butler's pantry has been cleared of every ounce' of silver. We are spending the day in a reio3t un- Sabbatarian manner. The most remarkable ideas are started by various members of our party as to the thieves' method of work. Aunt Sarah says ' tbey come down the chimney '—Angela believes in the existence of a band of burglarious ghosts. Mrs Maurice, who is very nervous, entreats her husband to take her back to town, but he refuses to leave the spot where the family gems" (paste) were last ' seen. The deteotive says he has a theory, hut no , one believes him. Jack, yon know a good horse when yon see one, but you aren't even a fair jndge of defectives. A great effort is going to he made to night by Yours BxaaiB. P.S. — Sunday evening. I have a clue now ; the villagers supplied me with it. They came in dozens this afternoon to stare at the outside of the house ; the oldest inhabitant waB brought in a donkey's cart, so I questioned him as to the past records of , Berry Hall. He said : ' Weel, meester, I've see'd a mighty deal o' things i' my time. I'm not for sayin' as I heven't my own idea ttUUUb Ulo lilauolUu ) UUv Jti o uiuri&l; l/CCvttiUj . surely, as there has been as many a3 three burglaries in as many years, an' no one ever a wink the wiser, so to speak. Folks do say, too, as the owner, as lives in furren parts, don't care not a scrap for 'em.' On being further questioned, he replied : 'There be a many o' the great fam'lies a3 has grown poor, so to Eay, an' b'ain't jest as partionlar abont things as tbey used to was, an' ef so be as there be fam'ly sperrets (ae the Lord knows I don't say as there be, neither way nor that there be' ant), why, isn't it nateral like, meester, as they'd do their beat, according to their lights, for th' old name ?' So this village veteran believes that the proprietor has a hand in the burglary ? I can't put my faith in the ' sperrets,' though my dear Angela shivers pathetically when they are mentioned ; but my aged gossip has given me a clue. Till to-morrow, good-bye, Jaok. Monday. Triumph ! I, Beginald Vernon, have | solved the mystery ! 'I haven't caught the 3 burglar,- but that is a detail. I orept about Berry Hall from nine o'clock last night to two this morning, when my alert- ears heard a rustling in the dining- vnnvn fltnoltTiilw T oIiNniv nAUriilni ax/vrua WIVWIUUIJ -L gllUDU CMUUg UIO UUtllUVi and -into the apartment, to find. ... a lantern tumbling " down the chimney. I seized it, relit the lamp, and began to clamber up the opening it had come down, when I remembered that if I got stack half way to the roof, I should probably remain there ad infinitum. So I came down, summoned the household. and then, in company with the deteotive, ascended the chimney. There proved to be a flight of steps cut in it ; most of the chimneys in the house have identical brick stairs. They all lead to the roof, where there is a secret chamber. From the secret chamber another ladder descends to another hidden ohamber in the lowest cellar, from which an underground passage leads for mileB to a ruined monastery in Berry Wood. This being summer time, no fires have been lighted, and we hear that no family has ever stayed a winter in Berry Hall. All the tenants have left early, partly from fear of bnrglars and ' sperrets,' partly on 'acoount of the smoking chimneys. No wonder the proprietor always lets his mansion for a year from midsummer ! The rent is high, considering the perquisites ! The muddy footprints on my window-sill were manufactured in order to direct sus picion away irora the ohimney. I am wanted at this instant by old Bivers. He iB sending me to town on the traok of the bnrglars. - Yours in luok, beggik. (A- Telegram to John Lee, Esq.) Caught 'em ! Hurrah ! Angela's mine Letter to follow. Berry Sail. Beam Ghom, — The burglars are in safe custody. We (the deteotives and I) found them, with the valuables, hidden in White- chapel garden. The mystery of Berry Hall is solved, and the proprietor has left for the Argentine Bepniblic. He probably, thinks he; will bo safe there from justice for an indefi-i, nite periol. No wonder ho would only let bis mansion for short tonancies. Angela has her dear head on my shoulder, looking over this letter as I write, so excuse ocoasional blots. Mr Bivers has begged my pardon for his suspicions, and, better still, he has given us his paternal blessing. I have forgiven Alphonse j who is laid up with a nervous attack. I should call his malady ' deteotive on the brain.' You will have te be my best man, Jack, on August 16th. For this and all other reasons, consider \- me, Ever yours (and Angela's), B. V. 