NEW CATHOLIC CHURCH, WEE WAA. ( Barraba News, September 17.) The Rev. Father Donnelly's many friends in this district will be pleased to congratulate him on the immediate completion of his beautiful new Gothic church, which is said to be a credit to the Catholics of Wee Waa, ana an ornament to tne town, me church from front porch to back of sacristy is 100ft., and 28ft. wide, side walls 16ft. high, roof good pitch, with ornamental cresting on roof of ridging. It has two square towers in front at each side of front gable, three stories in height, with turrets on each corner, and a spire at the other end of the church, 6dft. high, mounted with a cross. All the gables and porches are mounted by handsome crosses,. ' There are 22 stained windows of different designs, representing saints, the Saviour, His Mother, all erected by donors in memoriam. Six of These windows were erected by the Rev. Father Donnelly /to his paren ts, sisters, 'and brothers ; the windows are 8 by 2 feet, all life size figures. They are extremely devotional and beautiful, that with the artistic panelled ceiling in different colour painting, the grammar of colour being so ex- quisitively arranged, reflects the greatest possible credit on the artist and decorator. Father Donnelly drew plans and specifications of church. The whole building is the work of his own head, hands, and heart — every detail is remarkably well planned and so conveniently arranged for comfort and convenience, that surely reflects the greatest praise and credit to the Rev. Father Donnelly. A professional architect said on visiting the church once and looking over the plans and speci fications, that there was nothing wanting, that every item was planned with ability and care, and reflected great credit on the Rev. gentleman's architectural skill and zeal. The church has six ornamental ventilators in ceiling, and all the Gothic windows open at top ; the church is 28ft. from floor to ceiling ; there is a gallery running full height of church, and a handsome new organ is placed there. On the front of gallery are painted in large illuminated letters these words from the Psalmist, " Praise God on harps, strings, and organs, praise him with voices, etc." In one tower is placed a hanclsome Baptism font, anil round the top are these Weekly importations of fresh medicine at the Apothecaries, Hay street, Perth (opposite Sando ver's) . | words " Suffer little children to come unto Me." On the top cornice near ceiling are these words, " Unless you are baptised by water. andthe Holy Ghost you shall not enter into the Kingdom of Heaven. — St. Matthew." In the opposite tower is the Con fessional, divided into three depart ments with walls; in the centre room, is the priest, t.-ie side door for peni tents. In the door where the priest enters is a stained glass door, subject: St. Peter holding the keys of Heaven in his hands. On the top of the door are the words, " Receive ye the. Holy Ghost, whose sins ye shall forgive, they are forgiven them — St.. John, c. 20, \ . 23." There are three rows of .seats, t wo side altars, "statues ' — Blessed Virgin and Sacred Heart, 5-J-ft. high. The High Altar is very ' handsome, painted in vines and ears. of corn/ The Tabernacle is painted by a Sister of Charity, St. ' Vincent's. College, a master-piece of artist work. The decorations and painting of church was done by Mr. A. Ketering- ham of Narrabri, and is most beauti ful in design and finish The sanctuary 'is large and roomy, the sacristy is. 20 feet by 12, conveniently fitted up' with presses, cupboards for vest ments, remonstrance ornaments,, flowers, furniture, are all in stock and paid for. The Church is to be opened some time in October, and when, furniture is placed, and all things, arranged, St. Mary's of the Angels will be one of the most beautiful, the. most devotional and conveniently- arranged and appointed churches in. New South Wales.' Mr. A. Coople- son, a Jewish merchant in Wee Waa, presented the Rev. Father Donnelly with a beautiful toned bell for his church which can be heard five miles off. The Rev. gentlemen is .highly esteemed by all classes and creeds, and has been receiving substantial support from them. He as eight balls, two art unions, one bazaar, and is now preparing for another on New Year's Day. All his. undertakings have been most succes- ful, and well patronised. He has. had. all these undertakings within twelve months. Besides building this hand some church, which will be a lasting monument to his name, and an orna ment to Wee .Waa, he has enlarged the presbytery, painted it outside and., in, and furnished it, and put stained, glass windows in it, making it a veri table monastery in devotion, neatness,. r - : and convenience ; built stables, out houses, made fences, and made gar den, planted it with beautiful shrubs and flowers,' and made the grounds, church and presbytery an ornament to the diocese, and a credit to ihe parish. The Roman Catholics of Wee Waa owe much to their zealotis, laborious, good priest, who has not spared himself to forward their inte rest, and leave them such a beautiful comfortable church. It is the wonder of all how Father Donnelly has achieved such an amount of work in such a short time. More has been done within the year than had been done for 30 years before and in better times. We understand that the Rev. gentleman is going to build a convent next year. He should be encouraged, -as he employs labour, and spends all in the place for the good of the com munity at large, and he should be helped in every way, as he is a preacher, a teacher, and a worker. 