A SLIP OF THE PEN. It was all Dicky Carshalton's fault. In many respects an amiable youth, he cannot be said to be possessed of the liner feelings [?] is not aware of the extent of the discomfort ho produce* in live people. A frequenter of partied of evorv description-, ho is fi>ud of \ur t \ tho monotony ol (ho social routine hy various little practices, Of these his favorite, not alas! peculiar to himsoli, is commonly known as spoiling sport. Whenever Dicky sees a pair of people who appear to take a particular delight, in one another's society, showing a tendency to seek unto them selves retreats, he is never satisfied until, he ‘ojnu hold stroke or cunning stratagem, ho lias succeeded in separating them ; or, at least, in destroying their enjoyment foi the rest of one evening. -The happy possessor of an exhaustions 'supply of self- confidence, and the most l>ra'/.cn impudence—the objects of his at tack, moreover, being from the nature of their position comparatively defenceless— it is needless to add that, though Dicky has his failures on record, they are greatly outstripped in numbers by his successes. So there is nothing so wonderful in the fact that Dicky was at the bottom of that un fortunate affair with Jack and Ethel, Matters had long been in a delicate and critical state between these two young people. Jack, who had told himself over and over again that Ethel was a flirt and that ho, for one, had no intention of add ing himself to the list of her victims ; wliile Ethel had relieved her feelings by re peatedly assuring herself that Jack was a foss fellow, who cared tor nothing but Ins books, and was quite impervious to the charms of womanhood. Hut that night at Lite Warrington's things really did seem to be taking n fern for the belter. Ethel had boldly turned h i hack on half a dozen other admirers, and Jack, looking down into her honest uV-S, was rapidly forgetting the doubts and fears a Inch had so loniieMted him during the past few months. There is no knowing what might have happened had it not been for Dicky, who cr.rnc up to them at this hopeful stage of a flair*, h;s shoulders up to his ears, Kir. hair brushed to a nicely, and with the most uumistakcable look of mischief in hi> prominent eyes. "Good evening, Miss Mariner.” he said, taking Ethel’s hand in his and squeezing it with ompressment : and then the two poor things, suddenly awakened from their dream, stood there chill and helpless while Dicky tired oJf his ncenslumcd vollev of mind, ami ventured on one or two little popguns on his own account, ‘‘Miss Mariner,” ho said at last, with a satisfied glance at Jack’s sullen face, “have you been into the conservatory? They’ve put up a lot of pink lamps, and thcre’s the most sumptuous tete-a-tete chair in there that you enn imagine." Ethel looked up at Jack, who stood bv furious and sulky. ‘‘Ho is only too glad to got rid of mo. He hasn’t the ordinary kindness to rescue mc_from this bore. And I have been so horribly amiable to him,” she thought in despair. "If she likes that, popinjay, let her go ' 1 sorr . v f° r her taste, that’s all, reflected Jack, and in another minute Ethel found herself actually seated in the tete-a-teto chair with Dicky, whose largo eyes were rolling triumphantly in (he light of the rose-colored lamps. •She did not succeed in making her es cape till it was time to go home. Jack was nowhere to be seen, and she drove back in the chill grey morning with the heaviest heart she had known for many days. "Ethel,” said her mother at breakfast the next morning, "did you have a pleasant time at the Warringtons’ ?” "Oh. yes, mamma," said Ethel, drearily. She was pale and heavy-eyed. I think she had not slept all night. "And who was there?” went on Mrs. Mariner, helping herself to buttered toast with cheery briskuess. Ethel enumerated various people. "And Dicky Carshalton,” she hastily concluded, "and Jack Davenant." The last name slipped out with exagge rated carelessness, and yet it was whirring about in the poor girl’s head, and had been doing so for the last five or six hours, like an imprisoned blne-bottlo in a glass, ‘‘Jack—Jack—Jack Davenant.” Was she never to have another definite tliou-! ! again ? * Sy the bye. ’ said Mrs. Mariner, ns she rose from the table, "will vou semi a m»f to Florence Byrne? I want her to lunch here to- morrow at half-past one—the Sin gletons are coining.” Ethel moved to the writing table, blush ing faintly. She remembered that Airs. Dyrne was Jack Davennui's cousin. ‘’Half-past one, recollect," cried her mo ther, as she rushed from the room. Ethel listlessly took up her pen. and pulled a sheet of paper towards her. I( was not stamped with tho address, hut she failed to notice this, and began at once— "My dear Mrs. Byrne.’’ Then she stopped short, and (he buzzing in her brain went on worse than over. The note got written at last, all but the signa ture, and then she wondered dreamily if she should sign herself, "Yours very sin cerely,” or "Yours affectionately.” “Ethel,” called her mother, putting her head in at the door, "I am going our. Give mo- the note for Florence ; I can take it to the office.” Guilty and ashamed. Ethel seized lor pen ami wrote, hastily, but in a bold hand. "Yours verv sincerely, . “JACK DAVENANT.” Mrs. Byrne neither came to lunch nor answered the Mariners’ invitation, Mr.;. Mariner expressed surprise at this want of courtesy, and apologised to the Single tons for having no one to meet them, “Axe you sure, Ethel, that yon told her the right day ? Florence is in town, I know, and it is so unlike her to be rude.” “I think it was all right, mamma,” Ethel replied vaguely, and never gave am (her thought to the matter. On the morning of tho hext day, as she was practising her singing lesson in the holJand-shroudcd drawingroom, tho door was flung open to admit a benign and comely lady, who advanced smiling to wards her. “Mrs. Byrne," cried Ethel, in surprise, rising from tho music stool. Mrs. Byrne established herself comfort ably in a deep arm chair, then beckoned to the young girl with a well-gloved finger— "Come over here, Ethel.” Ethel drew a stool to the other side, and sat down, smiling, but mystified. Mm, Byrne played a little ‘ with the clasp of the silver-mounted hand-bag which she carried, and from which, hav° ing at last succeeded in opening it, she produced a stamped envelope addressed to herself.. “Do you know that hand writing?” she said, flourishing it before Ethel's aston ished eyes. “It is my own; I wrote to ask you to lunch,” poor Ethel answered simply while the thought flashed across her mind that Mrs. Byrne had probably gone mad. * ilead it, then," cried the lady, with an air of suppressed amusement which lent color to the motion. Ethel unfolded it quickly, then as trans fixed -like one who receives' a sudden and fatal injury, for before her horror-stricken eyes glared tlie.se worths in her own hand writing, "Yours very sincerely, Jack Dave nant.’’ "IVhy what docs it mean?” she cried of last in a hoarse voice, for it seemed that souio fiendish magic had been at work. "That’s what I want to know," Sirs. Byrne answered more gently. “I received this nofco the day before yesterday. There wns no address and the handwriting war certainly not Jack s. Nor is my cousin ir the least likely to invito me to lunch at his chamber-:. So I wrote to him at once, ami told him to drop into dinner if lie had any thing to say to me,” Ethel had risen to her feet, and was standing with a little frozen smile on her i£cc , but at this point she broke in hur riedly— “Did you show him—Mr. ’Davenant, the : ’tor? .Mrs. Byrne nodded. She Was not a per- Ron-oi delicate perceptions, and had come hero bent on a little harmless amusement;' but/for some reason the amusement was not.forthcoming, Ethel clasped her cold hands together in a frenzy of despair. She knew that Jack Was familiar with her handwriting ; had he not made little criticisms, severe and ton der on the occasional notes of invitation wlnck she had addressed to him? “Jack said he knew nothing about the note, and hadn’t the ghost of an idea what it meant," . <<01 b Jack, Jack," cried Ethers heart, in parenthesis, “what must you think of jnoT Mrs. Byrne went on—"Grace Allison . amo in later, ami the mystery was cleared :;p, She recognised your handwriting, and .v concluded that yon had done it in a lit f absence of mind. Poor old Jack, how die di<l chaff him !” l*'.ihcl was struggling to recover her pre sence of mind. "How could I have made such a very tepid mistake?’' she said, with a short laugh. “I suppose I was pursuing some min of thought. I had met your cousin ~t a party the night before—you know how : t is.*’ Mrs. Byrne was sorry for the girl’s dig ress. • ii is a mistake that anyone might hav-. aade. though you must own that it was ;at her funny. However. 1 can assure ymu .hi;—it won’t get r.ny further. Jack is .nicely likely to tell, and Grace has sworn n her honor." Krln-I laughed again meaninglessly. A*- ir.-ish.? was concerned, the world was ..•;■!‘-..hie i.i kvow it nmv. No deeper dis raoe could befall her. "I wonder if ho is diii-'king with laughter. <>r merely nick ,dili disgust. ’’ the poor girl thought, when r obtuse and amiable visitor had at las'. Uq-artcd. "Oil. how I hate him, how I • •ate him !” which was hard mi Jack, con dcriug ihar his conduct in the matter had !'Cell unite irreproachable. But Ethel was ii no nuu.d f«.r justice. It seemed to ho hat slm had utterly betrayed and dis graced herself ; that )>“vcr again could she i eniure to show herself in a world whore '•'lor- nco. Pyrin*, Grace Allison, and. above !1. Jack Davenant lived, moved, and bad .heir being. Sick with shame, hot and cold with an ' ’iish, poor Ethel sat cowering in the great drawingroom like a guilty Hung. .She as tonished her family at dinner Hint evening by inquiries as to the state of the female labor market in New Zealand. Uncle Joe, a philanthropic parson, who happened to he of the party, delighted to find his pretty niccc taking an interest in v ) serious a subject, delivered a short lec ture about it. Ethel sighed at hearing there was so rule demand for the work of educated ’.• omen (save the mark!) in that distant colony, and began to turn her thoughts to wards Waterloo Bridge. "Ethel funks on being an old maid. She i nows that j-osilively any' girl can lasoo a I unhand in New Zealand," her brother : ‘ob remarked in a challenging tone. Ethel, bore it with uninteresting meek ness ; perhaps she told herself, she was a husband-hunter after all! After dinner she put on her hat and stole out into the street. .She had been indoors nil day, and could bear it no longer. The June evening was still as light as day, and simple-minded couples were loitering with frank affection in the park. She had not gone far when she saw a large familiar figure bearing down in her direction. “Oh, how I hate him— l hate him,” she thought again, while her heart beat with maddening rapidity. “If be has a spark of kindness in him he will pretend not to see mo.” But Jack, for it was he, made no such pretence. On the contrary, he not only raised his hat. but came up to her with out stretched hand. .She put her cold fingers mechanically into his, and scanned his face ; there was neither mirth nor disgust in it, and the thought flashed across her, chilling, while it relieved her, that lie at tached little • importance to an incident to which she, knowing her secret, had deemed but one interpretation possible, And then, before she knew what had hap pened, Jack was* walking along by her side, pouring out a torrent of indignant re proaches as to her desertion of him in favor of Dicky Carslmlton, at the Warring ton’s party. “It is you,” cried Ethel, with spirit, for' the unexpected turn of affairs restored her courage; “it is your Mr. Davenant, who were unkind to stand by' and let old friends be victimised, without striking a blow- in tneir behalf! Pray what did yon expect me to do? Was Ito have said, ‘No thank vou, Mr. Carslmlton, I prefer to stay with Mr, Davenant?’” “And, if you hail said that, would it have been true?” She changed her tone suddenly, “Dicky is such a bore! I think I pre fer anyone’s society to his.” Jack stopped short in the path, seiz ing both • her bands, and looking down at her with stern and passionate eyes. Ethel,” said ho in an odd voice, "it’s no use pretending. Yon do think of me somc •.!)nc3 ; I happen to know it.” Pho was looking un at him ; but at this 'Husion the sweet faco flushed and dropped suddenly. “Ethel,” Jack’s deep voice sounded stranger and stranger was he going to laugh or cry? and why on earth did he speak so low—“ Ethel, do you know what signature I should like to sec to your letters ?” This was too much. No, X don’t!”—she lifted her flushed face ; the cruel tears shone and smarted in her eyes. “Can’t you guess?” “No.” The momentary defiance had died j a very meek whisper came from the pale lips. _ ' c « n ’ fc you guess? Then slmll I toll you. Elhel? 'Ethel Davenant’—that’s what 1} should like to boo at tho bottom of all your 1 letters,' Shall I ever see it?” “Jack!” Further explanation is needless. When next they met Mr. Carslmlton both Jack and Ethel were, beyond the reach of his manoeuvres,—“ West Lothiaan Courier.” 