HEADSMAN OF THE TOWER OF LONDON. There are many ourions things to be found in the Tower. Indeed, if you have a power ful imagination you oan find anything, from the . ghosts of a dozen lords and ladies who lost their heads to please a monarch's whim down to the jaok-knife of the late Guy Fawkes. In the Tower nothing is so expected as the unexpeoted ; but it is safe to say that not ten peoplo out of the many thousands who visit +he crusty old pile, which rears its head a quarter of a mile below London Bridge, expeot to find within its grey and musty wa'ls suoh a relic of the past as an offioer who is known as the Headsman of the i ower. Yet the Tower boasts of a Heads man to-day just as it did hundreds of years ago. In fact, the Constable of the Tower would almost prefer to part with his right hand than do away with his Headsman, who is part and parcel of the traditions of 'the most romantic building in England. But there are other reasons whioh lead not only the Constable bat the Queen as well to look with pride upon the Headsman. The present holder of the appointment is Stephen Sweeney, who iB the oldest duty servant of the Queen. Yeoman Gaoler Sweeney, to give him his full title, is in his eightieth year. There is no probably no finer-looking man wearing the Queen's uniform, for despite Lis seventy -nine years he stands exactly six feet in hi9 stockings, and is as erect as can be. An Irishman to the back bone, be took the King's shilling on the 14th of February, 1837, so that for sixty-one years he has been in the employment of the Crown. He was present at the proclamation of Queen Victoria and also at herooronation. 1 had an opportunity the other day (writes a representative) of having a little ohat with, the Headsman. He had just been taking part in the ceremony conneoted with the installation of the new Constable of the Tower, and, dressed in his gorgeous uniform, whioh cost the Government no less than fifty- two pounds, was manipulating his monster axe of office, which it is his duty to carry on all important occasions. 'Yon take us baok to old times, Mr Sweeney,' I ventured to remark. 1 Well, if my offioe is old I am old myself,' said the Headsman, ' and so is the house in whioh I live. This is the house from whioh Lady Jane Grey is supposed to have been taken to be beheaded. . , _ ; 