COMPLETE STORY. [fubxjshed by special abbasoekknt.] HOBBLING -MARY, GRANT ALLEN, Anthor'of "Tents of Shem," ""What's Bred in tlie Bone," "Devil's Die," "An African. Millionaire," &c.; fcOPYKIQIIT.] TJNT Maiy! AuntMary! You come here, I want you." I It was an I imperious voice, and | it called out angrily. ." What dat pick ney calling me for?" Aunt Mary . mut tered, grumblinir. "Him more trouble, dat one gal, nor all de udder pickney in de bouse , put togedder. Him don't gat white] man's temper; bim got black mau in him heart. I comin', Miss Rosa; I comin'. I wish I rid ob dat pickney. White people is a blessed people, liab blessed temper; dat dur pickney got black heart; call all day long, * Aunt Mary, Aunt Mary 1'" And putting herself in motion, the old woman hobbled up with difficulty to the drawing-rtionu "Aunt Mary," Rosa cried, "Why don't you come faster when I call you ? Hero hare I been for the last teu minutes waiting for you to come and bring a cloth to wipe this! ink up with. And now you've brought no cloth. Go down and get one at oncc. You might bare known I wauted one." " How I go in', to know you want cloth ?" Aunt Mary exclaimed, not unreasonably, bat with equal anger. " How I know you 'pill de ink? Bat pickney too much trouble, I say, for anybody. Not a pickney* in all Jamaica gib so muck work in a house as dat one. But I goin' to be even wit him; I pink him rot; mo fader don't be obeah man from Calabar for nuffin." Now obeah is the West African and West Indian form of witchcraft, dreaded almost as much by the whites as by the black people. Aunt Mary was universally regarded as a; witch. She had fully made up her mind to work any harm she could on Rosa when; opportunity offered; and she believed in ber: own power. She- bad not long- to wait for a chance of usingit. Two days later, as she was sitting in the shade under the big hibiscus tree in the back garden, Peter Parrell passed that way. " Hey, missus," he cried, looking over the low wall, at the wi2ened old crone,- "you heerd de news? Hcerd what come happen? Isaac Cling, him drown, out swimmin' in de harbour. Him fader bringin' home de body just now. It will be wake to-night. "You come along to Mistah Cling's and see de fun out." Aunt Mary rose slowly and hobbled to the wall. It was her nature to hobble. " Hob- , blingMary," indeed, the negroes called her. Sure enough, down the street of low white wooden houses, which led by u long decline to the sea, she saw a wild procession of negro girls and women, surrouuding four men, tare to the waist, who carried between them, on a shutter, the naked dead body of a short black boy, about 13 or 14. The women were wail ing and beating their bosoms in their wild, half-savage fushion. The men, on the con trary, walked on, erect and unconcerned, pay ing little heed to the repeated adjurations, addressed to the boy's soul by the women mourners, to come buck again io IiU body. It was a ghastly spectacle. Auut Mary leaned over and watches! the corpse pass, with a curious light in her bleared old eyes. She i—^ ii «.;ii loved a corpse. 11 De pickney will do,' muttered to herself in true negro fashion. ".De pickney jomby am de ting for to settle Miss Rosa." A jumby is West Indian for a ghost or spirit. Corpses are not kept long in that tropical climate. Tho wake was to bo to- night, the funeral to-morrow. Aunt Mary knew she hud no time to logo if she wished to take advantage of the opportunity offered her. For, like most of those who practise magic, she firmly believed in the power and efficacy of her own enchantments. " I get a lock of Missy Rosa hair when I comb him out to-night," she muttered, with a significant glunco at Rosa's window. Then, mumbling and smiling to herself with her toothless mouth, sho stumbled back, well pleased, to her sent under the hibiscus. At seveu o'clock that evcuing Rosa's pretty fair head was thrust once more out of her bedroom window. There was a bell in the room, to bo sure, by pure force of European custom ; but nobody ever rang it. It sounded in tho kitchen, while the servants were almost invariably to be fouud gossiping over the wall in tho back garden. "Aunt Mary, Aunt Mary!" the young girl cried in her imperious voice. "Are you j going to keop mo here waiting all night to »• Tf»c nlm/Vifr have my hair done? It's almost dinner time.; Make hustc! Make has,to ! Of all tho lazy, idle, good-for-nothing inggcr women I ever knew——" Rut Auut Mary jumped up with unwonted agility, and answering briskly, "I comin', honov, IconuuV hobbled up the stairs as her feeble old legs would carry heiv. A prettier buckra lady of seventeen Aunt Mary bad never seen tban Rosa Mackonocbie. As she dressed her hair, the old woman gloated over her. "Him make a pretty corpse," she thought to herself more than once, gazing at Rosa's bright girlish face in the glass before her. "Him so young and fresh." • And even when Rosa exclaimed im patiently, as was her wont, "Do be careful, AuutMaiy; you're pulling iny hair out," the old woman smiled on to herself benignly.; "Him toon get ober dat," she muttered to herself. "Him loss all dem ways when do pickney jrnnby trouble her." By-und-by she came to a harder tangle than 'nil. The comb stuck for a moroeut. Quick as lightning Annt Mary had snapped up the scissors that lay by ber side, and snipped off the end of the offending lock with them. Rosa turned round suspiciously. "You've cut my hair," she cried man angry voice. "What have you done with the pieces?" With a dexterity acquired by years of practice, the negro woman secreted half the lock of golden hair in the folds of her ban danna, uud handed the other half, with the most innocent air in the world, to Rosa. ' "Dere it am, missy," she answered. "You've given roe all?" the girl asked once more in a doubtful whisper. • " Yes, missy, I gib you ulJ," the negress answered glibly. "See here," and she held out both hands, palm open downwards, like the conjurer who assures you that there's no deception. Her arms were bare; she had no sleeve to hide it in. Rosa took the lock carefully in her hand with carious precision, and rolled it np 'in a small piece of paper. Then she burnt it all to ashes iu the flame of the candle, and crumpling it in her hand, flung tho frizzled remains out of the open window. It is dangerous to let a witch or wizard get a lock of yonr hair or a paring of your nails, for if they once possess themselves of anything that has formed a part of your body, they can do dire witchcraft with it afterwards, as they will, upon the remainder. . About ten o'clock that night, in her best: old dress, Aunt Mary hobbled off to the i wake over Isaac. All friends and neighbours j in Port Antonio were gathered together in j the single small room of the stuffy little cot- | tage. The body lay in its cofiin in the midst.! Men talked and smoked, women wailed and ! keened, and rum flowed like water. I It was a roost gruesome carouse, a melan choly rejoicing—the chief public amusement of the-Jamaican negro. They love the ex citement. When Aunt Mary hobbled in, half a ' moment's silence supervened to receive her. As tho daughter and representative of a genuine acknowledged West African obeab j man, of truo Fanti origin, she hod a place of i importance in all such funeral ceremonies. I She moved over to the coffin aud admired the corpse with professional ardour. "Him beautifully laid out," she said, gazing at it. "Him jumby don't goin' to gib no trouble." Then she leaned over the shroud, and, unseen by the rest, thrust the lock of Rosa's hair between the dead boy's fingers. As she did so, she whispered in the corpse's ear in a ghost-like voice the one word— "Remember!" The fuu at Cling's that night was fast and furious. Not till the sun rose did they nail tho coffin down. Meanwhile the rum went round, and the women keened more mourn fully than ever. There was singing and danciug. Aunt Marv sat mumbling at the dead boy's head; and as the lid was placed above his face she murmured once more, this time iu her father's uativo Fanti, the same oue ominous word, " Remember!" Two days later Martha Hone, the negro washerwoman, brought home RosaMackono ehic's two white lawn dresses, most neatly crimped and ironed. "You liearin' what dem savin', missy," she asked, " all ober Port Antonio ?" "No; what news?" Rosa inquired, wondering in ber heart whether people could already have noticed what marked attcutiou Captain Galloway was showing her. Martha hesitated a second. It was a delicato matter. "Well, it's hotter to tell you, missy," she went on slowly. "Dera savin' dat when Maurice Ivinley screw down Isaac Cling* s coffin dc udder night at hira fader's, him see j buSfcra hair in do uigg n lock ob buefcra hair in do nigger piekuey's | fingers." .. "Wh^at sort of hair?". Rosa cried, clapping ber hand instinctively to tho part of | her. own bend, where she had felt the. cold J touch of Aunt Mary's scissors. " Dem Bayin it yaller, like Missy Rosa's own," Martha answered, staring hard at her. Rosa's face was white as death. She knew what it meant. The obcah woman had despatched the black boy's ghost to wander over the world, with a magic command that ho should trouble the soul of the or woman whose lock of hair had been placed in bis hands to give him power over them. That same evening Captain Galloway pro* posed to her. She went to bed flushed with a young girl's triumph. Ho was so hand some. For the first half-hour she thought of nothing but Seymour Galloway—the best born young Englishman at that moment in the island. - Then, suddenly, through the open window, ont of the moonlit night, one of the great black fruit-bats of the country wheeled flapping into the room. A turkey buzzard vulture screamed once from the housetop. Familiar episodes, these, of tropical existence, but on this particular night they disturbed her reverie. She looked and wondered. What meant these portents ? The fruit-bat settled down on the wardrobe, opposite; by the dim moonlight, which | penetrated the room, she could see his great black eyes fixed firmly upon her. In a moment a weird feeling crept over her bodily. She trembled and shivered, and bid her head under the bedclothes. Could this be the visible form of Isaac Cling'a jumby. . The thought was appalling. For an hour she lay there in unspeakable torment. Then, unable to contain her terror any longer, she raised her head once more with an effort from the bedclothes. Her action disturbed the fruit-bat from his perch, where be hung, head downward, with his face turned outward, and backwards towards her. He dislodged him self and flew towards the bed. Rosa hid beneath the clothes again, but felt him alight on her breast, ouly separated from herself, in that warm climate, by the sheet and her nightdress. She sobbed hi terror. She sobbed herself to sleep. When she woke, at three o'clock, the fruit-hat was gone, but the vulture flew about in long enrves past the window. From that evening forth, every night of the year, Rosa Mackonochie saw, or fancied she Raw, in one form or another, Isaac Cling's jumby. It pursued her everywhere. Some times it was visibly present as bird or beast, or lizard on the wall; sometimes—and that was worse—she did not behold it, but felt its presence. Silently, inaudiblr, it stood by the bedside and grinned and jabbered at her. It never left her. Seymour Galloway noticed she grew pale and preoccupied. " The prospect of a long engagement," he thought. The negroes knew better. They whispered among them selves, " De pickney jumby trouble her." Eight months later the Colonial Asylum at Half-Way Tree received a new inmate—a beautiful girl of IS with golden hair and harassed blue eyes, who looked perpetually around her as though something or somebody were dogging her footsteps. "That's he!" she would say. "That's he! Oh, help me!" And Aunt Mary, lolling in the shade of the hibiscus, muttered to herself with a gratified smile, "Dat nigger pickney good boy. Him do wbat I tell him. I tink at first him goin' to kill de missy, but de missy too strong for him; dem got good constitooshun for true, dem Mackonochie. However, him do what all so good: him drive him to 'sylum. Clebber chile, dat pickney; him know what I want; it all de same to me whedder htm mad or him dead, so long as I get de missy out ob de house, wid him troublin', troublin'!" "Insanity due to superstitious fright," the asylum doctor called it. Rut the negroes gave a simpler diagnosis—"De jumby troublin' him." 