Sporting Topics 1 » Ebe" V.BXX (roinoiH htS: jneet- Jng on Friday, refused afecominenflt- Uoa from ;tlie Moonee Valjey_> "Bofo dub stewards to'rcmtt tJieSremalader of H. Underwood's sis jnontnE, .Dis qualification. ; Tlie sentence will? not expire jtill'.lfitii of March nest,; tire- Tenting "Underwood from parti el Dating In tie big Autumn meetings. ? The Y.K.C. committee, at the some meeting, endorsed tie six months' disqualifica tion passed on 21st January, by the Ballarat Miners'. Turf Glub a rf William . Boss and the pony. Dodger. ' Mr. "Jack" Oohen, the well-known metolliclan, will start on a trip through America to England at the conclusion of the Y.B.C. Autumn meeting. His brother peneillers and sporting men generally will wish him bon voyage at a banquet At a meeting of the Vic torian Clnb yesterday It was decided that 3rd March should be the date. At the annual meeting of the Mary borough and Carisbrook Race Club last week a letter was received from Mr. W. E. Dakin donating his fees as hnn- dlcapper of the last meeting to the club's funds. The letter was received, and the secretary instructed to for ward a letter of thanks to Mr, Dakin. The officers and committee were em powered to dispose of the dub's In terests to a proprietary body. At the Tollyganj (India) meeting last month the Australian-bred horse Sil ver Prince was successful in appro priating the chief event, the Suburban Cup Steeplechase. Pancake, who a few days previous carried off the Indian Grand Annual Hurdle Race, was second, and another Australian, Harrison, third. The privileges, gates, booths, etc., of the Y.R.C. Autuuin meeting will be sold by auction at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday next at noon. Result slips of Tattorsall's consulta tions on the Hobart Cup and Coota- mundra Cup can be obtained at tbis office. Brilliant is top weight, 9st. 101b, for the W'angarntta Turf Club Handicap, to be run to-morrow. May Day heads the list of handicaps framed by Mr. W". C. .Dakin for the Haywood meeting to-morrow. The daughter of Sunrise has 9st Tib In tbe Haywood Handicap, and a pound more in the mile Yarraberb Stakes. The smoke from the bush fires on Wednesday somewhat interfered with the racing at Queenseliff. The gather ing was, however, a large and repre sentative one, the club's picturesque course being seen at its best. The card consisted of six events, for which there were 27 starters. Key did not start in any of the events site was han dicapped for. Eureka again proved unreliable. When backed for the Fly ing Stakes lie van last in a field of three. An hour later he ran away with the principal event the Quecnscliff Cup, the son of New- mlnsler leaving the post at the very remunerative odds of 5 to 1. The runners only numbered three, among whom was King Olaf. who was made a "red hot" favorite, lmt who could ouly get third. A. Ledgerwood won a double with Shoddy. Tito stewards reprimanded the rider of Playboy, wbo ran second 111 the Point Lonsdale Han dicap, for foul riding. The Murruuibidgee Turf Club has decided to hold its Cup meeting this year in the Autumn instead of in the Spring, and has selected 27th and 2Sth April as the most suitable dates. Fourteen si one five pounds is tbe weight allotted Bostedo for the Cres- iv irk Turf Club's Handicap Hurdle Race to be run to-morrow. Tile son of Bosworth lias to concede Mr. J. Scobie's luare Mctonomy 2st 121b, and old Dandy Dick iist 51b. Pleasant wcatber was associated with the Maroug Jockey Club's meet ing on 9th iust. A large marquee erected iu the saddling paddock was much appreciated. The chief event wont lo Sir. W. Koating's gelding, Sunbrown. wbo was nicely ridden by Oakley, and won without beiug exten ded. The son of Sunrise was made favorite for the Miners' Purse — in fact, he was considered the ouiy one In the event— but he disappointed his friends, and was beaten easily by Taiiy-Ho and old Diogenes. Mr. J. H. Kerr se- cored the double Trial Stakes and Publicans' Purse with tbe chestnut gelding Moroncy. There was a dead iieal In the pouy race between Fore Sail and Sliver Comb. The owners refused lo divide. The owner of Silver Comb also refused to recontost the race, as tbe rider tLowel had been slightly hurt by tlie stirrup strap breaking after the horses had passed the post. Eventually Silver Comb's owner agreed to "scratch" his geld ing. and Fore Sail faced the post and claimed first money. Silver Comb was declared second and Tom Tit third. In pleasant weather the Sandown Pari; February meeting was run through on Wednesday, before a good attendance. Allannah. a mean-look ing sister to Pilot Boy. Cabin Boy and Co.. was tbe chosen of backers for the Trial Handicap, but she never showed out. victory going lo The African, who fouud plenty of support. In addition to AUaunab. Mr. Oxcnhani also started Alcmenc, a nicely framed sister to Gaulus and The Grafter, hut she is not yet rcqdy. Sheoak and Bostedo sliared favoritism for the Hurdle Race, and Sheoak pulled through han dily. Sheoak was ably handled by his trainer. Shirring, who has done remarkably well with the Lothair gelding. With substantial odds bet ted on her. Amiable shouldered her lOst 51b, and never gave anything else in the Suburban Handicap a ghost of a chance. Tbe form was very satisfac tory as bearing on Amiable's chance for the Newmarket Handicap, and the Lochlel mare at once went to 4 to 1 for the big sprint. £1000 being imme diately accepted at that price. Ve- loce, who finished up favorite, duly arrived at the finish of the San down Park Handicap, and the Steeple chase went to Blue Peter, who had friends, though Albany was a strong faxorite. Fireball fell, giving Bar bour an ugly-iookiug "toss." but for tunately " Bold Jim " escaped wiib no thing worse than a rough up. The Welter Handicap produced a rattling finish, and Sailor Boy. who got rid of his rider by ducking under the ma chine before tbe start, come out best. r.K (7.12), who, on 9th insf., easily accounted for the Cootamundra Cup, was got by Bcrilgumbil from Discount, and was bred by Mr. Norman V. Dev lin In 3893. Bosebery (Ost), the fa vorite, was never dangerous, and finished out of a place. Wallace and Cabin Boy did not start The winner was drawn In Tattersall's sweep by Mr. Tbomas Kennedy, of Fnunpton, N.S.W. Competitors for the Wolfe's I Schnapps Cricket Prize of £50 ore reminded that the coupon, which ap pears In another column, must be sent in not later tban the XSth lust The Melbourne Polo Club's nnnual tournament will be commenced on tbe Moonee Valley racecourse on 2Sth Inst Thus the Wngga writer, "Taranaki," anout the Newmarket candidate, Wal lace "Aboutr the first horse I in quired after on entering the saddling paddock at Cootamundra on Wednes day was the much boomed Wallace. I was very soon introduced to the Hay champion, and, although not boasting of very attractive appear ance, the big angular-shaped bay is de cidedly useful-looking. But what I was anxious to find out, as were many others, was what Talue could be placed on his winning account. We had not to wait for the Cup to be af forded an opportunity lo find out, for the Yeugeur gelding's party decided to open him up In the Opening Han dicap for his more Important engage ment later on in the afternoon. He was supported like a really good thing. - the result being looked upon by tbo slahie as an absolute cer tainty, but be " knocked up " Just after reaching the home turn, and at the finish it took him all bis time to keep his legs. His poor display was due to nothing else but want of a gal lop, for. saddled up again in tbe Wel ter Handicap, be found his way to tbe front early, winning In a " trot." On the second day he was well backed In the Town Plate, and ran a similar race to what he did In the Opening Handi cap, was put lu commission again, lu the Farewell Handicap, and made playthings of the opposition. Thus you see Wallace introduced himself to racegoers hereabout with two briUiunt victories, and a like number of fail ures. There is no doubt about "Wal lace being master of a short course, and if he never learns to stay he should always manage to pay his way as a sprinter." First prize in Tattorsall's consulta tion on the Hobarr Cup was won by Mr. T. B. Fry, of Coolgardie, Second money goes 10 Mr. Cowley, of Dapto, N.6.W., wiiile Messrs. Fox and Bur- rlll secure tbe third prize. The Ararat Turf Club's annual meet ing on Wednesday and Thursday was fairly well patronised. Tbe weather was delightfully fine, the fields large, and the racing brisk. Great care had been taken In tbe preparation of the course, and. notwithstanding the se vere drought, the running ground was in first-class order. An unfortunate, though momentary, hitch occurred with the sinning gate when " go" was called for the Ladies' Bracelet Handi cap. Several horses dashed Into It, and, for an instant, a disaster ap peared imminent. Mr. A. Gibson and Mr. P. Glasbeen were struck hard In the face, the latter receiving a nasty out. whilst Annie, Victress, and May (second favorites) were left at the post, and the two . first named never started. Toff cleverly dived under the barrier, led. all the wny, and, in the end. defeated the favorite. Kauri Gum, by a length and a half. Toff, who was got by Bnrramab from Madrigal, was bred by his owner, Mr. J. G. Robert son. On the second day' of tbe meet ing he started favorite (2 to I on) for the Welter Handicap, and won with out being extended. Burramah was a brown borse (foaled iu XSS5), by The Duke (son of King C'oie). from Poor Me. bis dam's pedigree being untrace able. Madrigal, who threw Dondl Id 1SS5, died in July. 1SQG, when owned by Mr. E. Manifold. J. D. Lewis, who owns. imp. .Trance, does not stand ruled off the turf, and we erred in stating so lu our dally edi tion of Thursday (says the American " Breeder and Sportsman " of 20tii De cember). The trainer, Dan HalUday, and the mare are under the ban, jiot the owner, who is held blameless In the matter of the mare's running. Mr. Lewis stated to us that he did not imagine there could bo any rutg against Trance running in America Trance and Disparity were, after the former was ruled off, sold to a man named Dnrcey. then he, in turn, sold her to Mr. Lewis. They were sent over in Halliday's hands to be trained, raced to win. and then, after their merits were shown, lo be sold, Mr. Lewis has been visiting relatives In Connecti cut for more than five months, and took little interest In the animals fur- \- ther than to hear that they were run ning well, and would therefore bring good prices. The Australian was not even at the track on but 3 occasions when she ran, for he visited around the State (" seeing the sights "), having had a surfeit of race-going in his na tive country. On not a single one of her races did he ever wager a cent. It was more to his interest for the mare to run well than poorly, and lie stated that, had she won one or two more races In good company, he inten ded putting her up at auction in San Francisco. A petition is' now being framed, asking the mare's reinstate ment, and Mr. Lewis will set forth the facts in the case as far as ho is con cerned. That (he officials will see that justice is done in the matter Is mors than probable. The contest for tbe Ararat Cup on 9th Inst, was one of the best ever fought out on the course. The star ters numbered five, including the lo cal horse, Tradetor, who started at 5 to 2 against. The favorite was Va grant With his owner, J. Cm-tin, in the saddle, the people knew that, If skilful horsemanship was to count, Tradetor had something to his advan tage to reduce the heavy handicap ho had to concede to his opponents. After a fine start he was judiciously saved for the first mile, but, turning Into the straight he tried conclusions with Sara and Barquetto, who were galloping neck and neck. Each was ridden for all that was in it and to the music of whipcord, and to enthusiastic applause the trio came (down In regi mental order. Unfortunately, at the turn Curtln missed a. stirrup and was at an obvious disadvantage, hut, with a great effort, lie caught the judge's eye with a head to the good. Tbe win was a very popular one, and ring ing cheers greeted the victor as he rode back to the weighing-room. Tra detor Is a son of the unlucky Tradi tion, The Ararat Hurdle Race was a dis puted victory. W. B'evcrldge won handily on Tremolo, bul the rider of Mctonomy, Mick Carey, catered a pro- , test, on the ground that Mr. Brewis ' horse had failed to negotiate one of the hurdles. The protest was npheld, and the race awarded to MetODOmy. Mr. Brewis pave notice of his Inten tion to appeal to the Y.R.C. On the second day of the Ararat meeting a serious accident occurred In the first event, the FiyiDg Handicap. Just after turning for home, Jvaurl Gum, the favorite, got Inside a post, and brought his jockey,. G. Mahnr, ; against the obstacle with great force. ' He was found to be unconscious, and, at first, believed to be dead. He, however, gradually revived, and, by latest reports, lias a chance of recover ing. He is suffering from fracture of the skull and concussion of the brain. The next race meeting of tbe Burra- mine club bas been fixed for 7th March. By the steamer ClKus, which left Melbourne on Friday Inst, about 300 horses went to tbe East. Mr. C. Glasscock despatched 40 "griffen" horses for Singapore. Mr. Alf. Tur ner, who has been very successful in Java lately, also took twelve brood mares, several racing ponies, and about thirteen carriage pairs for Ba- tavla. Mr. Harry Yeend, by the same boat, also took several racehorses, and thirty-six of various other hinds for Singapore, Delhi, and Sumatra. Messrs. Campbell and Sons adver tise that on Monday, 28th February, at the City Horse Bazaar. Sydney- road, they will sell for Mr. A S. CbirnsIde'lS yearlings by Zalinskl and Vengeance. All these youngsters are splendidly bred, and should command keen competition. Mr. Jack Cohen, member of Vic torian Club, .-reports having laid the following . doubles for Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup flOOO to fSO'-Afailakle and Aurum, £1000 to £10 Amiable and Resolute. £1000 to £20-Stratbroy and Aurum, £1000 to £10 Etratliro.v and Bnndook, £1000 to £10 Olaf and Bundook, 11000 to £10 The Parislenne and Battalion, £1000 to £15 Locksmith and Aorunp £1000 to £10 Spencer and Battalion.' £1000 to £5 Tlie Tola and Amberite, £1000 to £5 Precaution and Mlsdbief, £1000 to £5 Hymettus and Battalion. 