EARLY RECORDS OF EXPLORATION. HOW WESTERN AUSTRALIA WAS OPENED UP. Abridged by Trant Chambers from offi cial records, and published by ar rangement with the Government. (All Rights Reserved.) No. 22. CHAPTER XI.— (Continued.) Having recruited his health, and exhausted energies, Grey, whose ardent and intrepid spirit de lighted in deeds of daring and adventure, and longed for fresh fields to conquer, returned from Mauri tius to Western Australia, and landed at the Swan River. Here he took counsel with the Governor (Sir James Stirling) as to the preparations to be made for a second expedition to ex plore the north-west coastal country. Difficulties arose, however, in regard to finding a vessel to convey him and his party thither. His departure north- wards was consequently delayed for some months. The time of waiting he employed in making excursions into the country around Perth with his young English friend, Mr. Frederick Smith, who afterwards perished so miserably on the memorable march back to Perth from the north-west. Grey relates an amusing experience during one of these minor exploring trips. It appears that the natives believed the white people to be the ghosts of the deceased of their own race; and Grey was somewhat sur prised to be recognised as the ghost of her dead son by an ugly, dirty old aboriginal crone, who effusively em braced him, and cried on his breast. The position was embarrassing, not to say unpleasant : but he says he ''had not the heart to try and undeceive her." Not only did the old lady lavish her own caresses on him, but she also brought all the children of the tribe for him to hug. Grey successfully ac complished the mission entrusted to him of finding Mr. George Elliott, a settler on the Williams River, who was missing. He discovered Mr. Elliott near Leschenault, for which place that gentleman was making. Grey also ex plored the Vasse district, where he came across Mr. Bussel, who did so much to make this district known. Dur- ing his trips in the south-western di- vision of the colony Grey noticed that the Government was pursuing a mis taken policy in scattering the small population too widely over the compara tively extensive face of the country. It was in February, 1839, that Grey set out upon his most memorable and disastrous journey of exploration in the north- west region of Western Australia. Besides himself his party numbered 12 persons, including Dr. Walker, Mr. Frederick Smith, Corporal Coles, his faithful soldier follower, and an intelli gent native named Kaiber. Being un able to procure a vessel from the Gov ernment to take them north from the Swan River settlement, the company, with three whale-boats for coasting purposes, were conveyed to Sharks' Bay in an American whaler, and were landed on Bernier Island on February 25. Only two days later began the long series of disasters, which marked this expedition out among all in the history of Australian exploration. On Febru ary 27 one of the boats was lost in the attempt to launch it, and with it half a ton of stores. The other two boats were also nearly wrecked in the raging surf during the continuance of a violent hur ricane. Landing on the mainland Grey discovered and named the Gascoyne River; but the stream was only running for about a mile from its mouth. On March 9 a second boat was swamped in the endeavor to beach it on the main land, and the provisions it contained were much damaged. On the following day a band of natives, who had been closely watching the proceedings of the white men, made a descent upon their camp, but were scared away by a discharge of firearms. On March 20 the party coasted in their two boats southward to Ganth eaume Bay, where the Murchison River empties itself into the sea. Before leaving Sharks' Bay they called at Ber nier Island to take off the stock of pro visions left there in reserve. Their consternation and despair may be imagined when they found that the depot and all its contents were destroy ed. Situated as the explorers were — far from any chance of replenishing their store — the situation was so serious that but for the encouraging example and precept of their indomitable leader, they would have given themselves up to despair. Again and again was the safety of the whole party imperilled; and undoubtedly they would have been lost more than once but for Grey's re sourcefulness and courage. The ill luck which attended this expedition throughout led more than once to ex hibitions of insubordination among some of the men in his train, but these were speedily checked; for Grey knew how to be firm when the occasion called for the exercise of that quality so indis pensable in a leader of men. The troubles of the party seemed to have reached a climax beyond which lay naught save certain destruction when, in trying to beach the two boats in Gantheaume Bay, where the Murchi son River finds its outlet to the sea, both were smashed past all repair in the heavy breakers. Fortunately no lives were lost. Then follows this ter rible sentence in the ''Journals": — "No resource was now left to us but to en deavor to reach Perth by walking." A stretch of fully 300 miles southwards of unknown, and believed to be barren, waterless, and unhabited country lay between the little band of wasted and worn explorers and the city on the Swan River which must now be their dis tant, and, as it seemed to their despair ing minds impossible goal. They were nearly run out of provisions, too. But the dauntless Grey would not hear of despair. Having shared out in equal proportions what provisions were left, he started on the dreadful overland journey on April 2. Having found and named the Hutt River, also Mounts Vic toria and Albert, Grey began to per ceive that if the party were to be saved they must make forced marches to Perth. But all his commands, exhortations, and entreaties to that effect were lost on the less-intellectual of his followers, who, as the weary journey continued, began to insist more and more often upon tak ing rests by the way. ''We would walk slow and continuously for an hour; then halt for 10 minutes." Some of the men began to get light-headed with their sufferings. But the sorely tried leader, fearful as he was in his heart that he would never get his followers through to Perth, did all he could to cheer them and encourage them to per severe. One day one man was missing, having wandered off on some vague im pulse of his weakened brain, and was only recovered with difficulty. The party began to straggle, and the task of keep ing them going became harder and harder. Meanwhile the scanty stock of provisions was running very low, and the country afforded little means for stocking the larder; added to which was the danger of an attack from wandering and hostile natives, which the party were now too weak to withstand. Water, too, was scarce, and only obtainable in chance places. At last Grey saw that if any of the lives of his party were to be saved he, with the strongest of his followers, must push on with all haste to get help for the rest, who must follow as they could. Accordingly, arrived at Waterpeak Hill, with Corporals Coles and Auger and two other men, with the native, Kaiber, whose services were invaluable in find ing water and directing the course, he started forward with the view of pushing on to Perth as rapidly as possible. The remainder of the band, including Dr. Walker, poor young Frederick Smith, who, although hardly able to drag one leg after the other, bravely struggled on, and five other men. Of this rear guard the doctor was left in charge. En during every description of misery — from hunger and thirst, from heat in the day time on the shelterless plains, and from rain and cold at nights, trembling in every limb from weakness, the ad vance guard yet managed to push on to wards the Swan River. At last, just after crossing the Moore River and when they were on their very last legs, Grev and his tottering, staggering, little band un expectedly fell in with a tribe of friend ly natives, who received and entertained them most hospitably, and thus enabled them to complete their journey to the capital. Grey arrived at Perth on April 21, and lost no time in sending back rescue parties to bring the rest of the stricken wanderers in. So altered was he that his friends could not at first re cognise in this tattered, spattered, wast ed man the smart young officer who had gone out at the head of the expedition a few months before. Immediately on his terrible tale being told, relief parties were despatched with all haste back on Grey's track to find the remainder of his followers. Dr. Walker, more like a ragged skeleton than a man, managed to hobble into Perth, having started alone, after Grey, to obtain assistance for his companions in case Grey should be lost. The five men of the second party were found scattered and starving, just in time to save their lives, by Lieu tenant Mortimer and Surveyor-General Roe, the latter especially distinguishing himseif by the rapidity of his rescue movements, to which his knowledge of the run of the country greatly contri buted. But quick as he was, the sur veyor- argeneral was not in time to save Frederick Smith, who was found lying on his back, dead. He had died from starvation and exhaustion. He was buried in a sandhill, near the shore, and near where he fell., a spot about 76 miles to the north of the Swan River. During his terrible journey from the north-west Grey named the Victoria and Gardiner Ranges, also Mount Hor ner, and, in succession, the Bowes, Bul ler, Chapman, Greenough, Irwin, Arro- smith and Smith rivers. He was rais ed to the rank of captain, and was ap pointed Government resident at Albany, in succession to Sir Richard Spencer, who died in the post in July, 1839. Grey married a daughter of his predecessor. After filling this office for several months, Grey returned to England, in 1840. The details of his subsequent great career as a Governor of Crown colonies are fresh in the minds of all who have perused any of the obituary notices which have been published in connection with his death in London on September 21 of this year (1898). 