BAYS OF DANGER. , ? JCOPYRIGHT.1 ,-- Thrilling Narratives of the Bnshranging t ' Times. Eeenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE., 0 IN.FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART V. The inqueB.t, indeed, was a formal affair. The convict servant aaw that ii was useless — quite useless — saying any thiug for himself at that fltage, and he remained silent, which was, of course, ? another evidence of guilt. He was at once committed for trial at the ensuing Iiaunceston Assizes, and everyone re garded the. wretched man as being as good as dead. At -least, not everyone, for Evan ? Edwards and Michael Keenan were con vinced that the man was innocent. They had both been in the. publio- hou.se on. the night of the murder, and had seen sojuo-' thing which tit the time did not, interest them, but wh'ish the Bubsequenttarevelop ments caused to assume importance. They were both in the side room qff the bar, and Southey— who was frequently taken from the farm to assist' in the public- house, as his manners were affable in spite of his wretched condition — was working in the kitchen, lie was being continually called out, an£ ib wan during one of those absences that the friends noticed a tall — very taH man — walk into the kitchen, pick cur'something from a table, and leave the. room. They caught a momentary view of the face, the upper part of which 'was hiddeu by a large slouth hat and the lower by a heavy beard. It was. plain to EdwardB that the fellow picked up a knife, for he saw the elean of the blade and heard a slight metallic sound, but Keenan did not, hb he was in a different position. As the man might have been one of the servants belonging to £he place they took no furthet notice of the incident, and a few minutes after Constable Williams entered the room, and, having a glass witirthem, left, as he said to go to the office, He was never seen alive ? after that. For a full hour later the two men remained, and when they went to the bedrooms at the back, John Southey was still at work in the kitchen. Next morning, when the body of Constable Williams was discovered stiff and cold, Edwards and Keenan remem bered the occurrence of the previous ? night, aud they questioned the landlord as 10 whether he had such a person as the man they described in his service. He vowed that he had not, and, in fact, did not know Buch a man in the whole district. He was aware that the two survey-men were very friendly to John Southey, arid it occurred to him that -*»«y were merely trying to divert sus picion from the proper quarter. This idea took1 strong possession of him, as he did not scruple to speak his mind on the subject, though not to either Keenan or Edwards. They were both good customers and a little fiery if their honour we're im pugned, bo that the landlord, who was a cautious man, was careful to whom he addressed his insinuations that -they were trying to screen his servant. The loss of a boarder like Williams was a severA Uj w to thejjarBim''i»*''ll»'a;ID™- ftnd the only consolation he had was the reflection that Southey would 'Bwing.'as he termed it, for the murder. To give the fellow his due, he really believed . that his assigned servant was really guilty of the crime, and ninety-nine persons in every hundred would be inclined to agree, with him. For several days after the committal the two surveyors did all they could to get a clue to the mysterious stranger who had entered the kitchen, but no one in the district seemed to know such a person, and at length they were re luctantly forced to giye up the quest All that lay in their power after that was to go to Lauuceston and give evidence in favour of the accused man, and they determined to do so. 'Wasn't there something peculiar about that fellow we saw go into the kitchen the other night which struck you peculiar — as if you had seen him before V asked Edwards a few days after the murder. There was,' replied Keenan. * it was in the eyes. I'm sure I saw the fellow somewhere before, but I can't recollect where it waB. Hold on I Hold ou ! I've got it !' he added in a lower voice. ' It ~~was thnt portrait, you know, which we found by those bones 1' ? 'Of course it was. What an ass I must be not to have recollected that before. Thero is something in this, Mike. ? If we 'had been sharp enough wo \- could have made £500. ' The fellow was no other than Jensen, ; the murderer, as sure as you're there. Look at the Tray he wore his hat — almost down on his eyes — and the hair that covered his face. Ybb; we missed a good opportunity. .That is the man who killed Williams, and by some, means he found out that the poor, devil of a servant and the constable were enemies. What an idea to get the knife 1 Surely they won't hang poor Stmthey, who is as innocent as you or I,' exclaimed EdwardB w ith animation. 1 What a fool a man would be to leave evidence of his guilt stuck in his victim: That fact alone ought to get Southey his liberty, but I shouldn't be surprised if ? they hang him. Law isn't justice you ' know, and you can see how feeling goes about the settlement here. There are a hundred to one against the poor fellow, ' and it will be the. same I'm afraid in the court,' said Keenan. - 'Oh, you'll find it will be different there, but if this cut-throat Jensen is \- about we must be on our guard. He .. would think nothing perhaps of swooping down on our camp if there was plunder. I don't understand — if it was Jensen, and I am convinced it must have been — . how he keeps about the district without . ?' being arrested. He must be a good deal about, or how could he learn such news' as the feud between Williams and Southey, and how the latter was some times employed. Nn.turally, Jensen would hate Williams, for it was partly— or chiefly — through the constable that the fact of the skeleton being Worrnll's and not Jensen's was discovered. Don!t you see how he would have cause to rid himself of such a dangerous foe. The constable was on his tracks right enouph, and in time would have hunted him down. We must see what we can do in the amateur detective business, bb it may be the means of saving Southey's neck,1 concluded Edwards. In pursuance of that resolve, Walsh, Jones, and Weatoii were informed of the discovery — or supposed discovery — made by Eeenan and E 1 wards, and they were asked to do all they could through their friends as well as themselves in finding out such a man as was described. This they each earnestly promised to do, for likely an innocent human life was hang ing in the balance with death weighed agninst it, and the discovery might cause the beam to fall on the Bide of innocence. As there was only a fortnight to the trial the case was well-nigh hopeless, and so it proved, for not a trace or veBtige of the nitin which they sought could be found, and Keenan and Edwards had to go to Launceston without the slightest proof that such a being existed. When the trial came on the court was crowded chiefly with officials and their friends, who were anxious to see a convict pillored for daring to raise a siiciilegiouB arm against a representative 0/ officialdom. Hanging, in the opinion of a majority of the audience, was cer tainly too good a fate for such a man, and they regretted the passing away of ihose good old times when ' drawine ' and 'quartering ' could have been added to the sentence. One after another the witnesses testified to the fact that the knife found in the body of Constable Williams was the property of Southey, and that the accused did not deny. Then there were others n ho swore as to the threats made by the prisoner against the dead man, and to the enmity1 which existed between them for many months, previous fo the crime. No one saw the actual deed done, but the landlord, who was the bitter, st witness against his servant, Etated that there would have been no difficulty in Southey stepping out of the house and slaying Williams as he wont over to his office. In fact, the body being found so close to the public house, he said, Beemed to prove that it had been committed by some one who stepped out of the place for the purpose and could not long re main away without his absence being detected. This was putting a nail in the accused's coffin. In his defence, Souther admitted that he had a grudge against the dead man, and told the reason why, but he solemnly abserted he was not a midnight assassin. What he meant by revenge was to engage the constable in a fair fight. He asserted that he had not gone outside the house on the night of the murder, and that someone must have taken his knife out of the kitchen, on which it was lying on one of the tables. He had no idea who that person could be, but that was the ouly explanation he could give. Edwards and Keenan then volunteered to give evidence for the defence, and told the judge and jury what the reader has already been seized of. They were each subjected to a severe crossexamina tion by the crown-prosecutor, and though they did not contradict themselves in any particular, their evidence was shorn of all weight by the fact that no one seemed to know anything of the man whom the crown lawyer characterised as a | 'mytheca! personage.' When Edwards contended that the assassin was no other than Carl Jensen, the New Norfolk murderer, a roar of laughter greeted the statement, but he obstinately adhered to that view, and nothing would shake either him or Keenan in the opinion. It is probable that the assertion threw a cloud of ridicule over the whole of their evidence, and the judge in summing up gave that impression. He was dead agaiiiBt J;he prisoner, andacarcely noticed what. had been sworn .by Edwards and Keenan, except ioMhoa jtxjmr^i-^»»r-- Theiury «*i«»d-'trt»t «niy i or a few mjnutpP).ina returned with a verdict of guilty.'' . :,-Tne sentence was, of course, death, and in accordance with his powers the judge ordered that the execution should take place that day week (16th Septem ber), 011 :i gallows erected at the spot where the crime was committed. TIiib practice was frequently carried out in the early days, aa it was supposed to inspire more terror in the mind of the condemned and also to impress the resi dents with the idea that crime had a speedy retribution. Southey listened to his doom in silence, and as the judge concluded there was quite an uproar of applause, which was not suppressed until the prisoner was removed The erection of the scaffold at the Mersey settlement was at once begun, and the residents looked forward to the 16th September as though an interesting carnival was to take place. The morning of the fatal day broke gloomly enough, and from far and near the people had assembled to witness the execution. At nine o'clock, the time fixed for the gruesome event, there could not have been less than three hundred persons present, a fair propor tion of them being women. John Southey was confined in the small lock-up and strongly guarded, for there had been whispers that an attempt, at rescue might be made. This had been spread by the public- housekeeper, who was savagely hunting the man to death partly out of sheer malice and partly because he would do a roaring trade on the day of the execution and for some time previously. In the crowd were the members of the Edwards' survey party. They did not attend out of mere morbid curiosity, but because something might turn up at the last moment to show the innocence of the .condemned man. At least, that wflB-the-eoinforting unction they laid to their souls, but they secretly felt that John Southey was practically, a dead man. It was most unUBual, in fact, unpre cedented, to see such a crowd at the tiny settlement, and with so mniiy strangers present the chief interest next to the hanging itself — lay in scan ning ihe faces which passed and re-- passed. Some of them were hideous enough to wairantthe belief that their owners were in their natural element attending at such a ghastly event, whilst otherB again were humane and charitable looking enough. Though the day was fine, a strong wind blew from the north, and often an exciting chase ensued between a man and his errant hat in nnnnnnuenCQ. It was on the stroke of the fatal hour when Keenan suddenly caught hold of Edwards' arm.and whispered hoarsely : VLnok! Look! There he is 1* Following the indicated direction,. Edwards saw the tali, bent figure of a man slowly making his way through the crowd. He seemed to be oblivious of everything but the gallows, and was nearint; it to get a better view of the execution. There could be no mistaking the man. Though the dresB wns some what different to that worn on the night when Edwards find Eeenan saw him enter the kitchen of the inn, and the ragged b-ard had been trimmed, the same sloush hat. was on his head drawn almost over the peouliar restless eyeB, and the sinister expression which even the portion of the face exposed gave could not be nii&txken.; 'That is tbemurderer, and our time has come. I trust we may not be too late.' A constable whom Edwards knew was standing close to him as he spoke, and he beckoned to him . 1 Do you want to make £600, Wells ?' he asked. ' Of course I do,' was the response. ' Then there stands Carl Jensen, the New Norfolk murderer, and the man who killed Williams. We will give you a hand. There isn't a moment to be hut. Come on.' The official had the most implicit trust in Edwards, and when he looked upon the strange figure which had been so accurately described, he saw at once that the men were probably right in their surmise, and he joined them in elbowing his way through the surging crowd to the spot where Jensen stood. They had not reached him when a hoarse cry arose. This was the sigDal that the condemned man was being led out, and at this sound Jensen turned quickly, when a strong blast of wind blew off his hat and re vealed the fatal diagonal scar and .the bare bald pate. ' Put up your hands, Carl Jensen,' cried the constable, and almost instantly the three men surrounded him with presented piBtols. For an inBtant he -glared round like a wild beast meditating a spring, but as he saw the utter UBeless neBB of .an attempt atjeacape, his stolidity returned, and he ifrtirruurtd ' the game's upland quietly submittedNfl be' hand cuffed. '? 1 . ? John Southey at the moment was being led up the ladder to the scaffold, and, with the exception of a few people in the immediate vicinity of the arrest, . none knew that it had been carried out. ' Don't let that innocent man hang, Jensen. It can make no difference to you, and will save him if you confess. See, they are putting the rope round his neck. Won't you stop the butchery ?' cried EdwardB. ' No, of course I'll not do so. Why should I? Very likely they'll be a crowd gaping at me in the same way shortly. Oh, no ; I want to see the fun,' replied Jensen with a low laugh. Finding that entreaties were of no avail, Edwards made his way to the scaffold, at which no less, a personage than the civil commandant of Launceston was sLandiug, and in .a few seconds told that official that Jensen had been cap tured, and that he was undoubtedly the real murderer of WilliamB, though he would not confess. ' I can do nothing, Edwards, even if he did confess. 1 have no power to stop an execution, and as we have no proof that Jensen is the murderer, the execu tion must proceed.' As he finished he gave the fatal signal, and the wretched Southey was sent to his doom amidst the roar of the crowd. ' Take this ruffian away and don't let him gloat over his last murder,' cried Fd wards passionately as he went back to where the constable, with Keenan and Walsh, had the murderer in custody. . By this time Southey was dead, and looking at the swinging body, JenBen said: ? Well, I did kill WilliamB, I may tell you. They can't hang me for that crime, anyway.' He waB hurried to the lock- up, and shortly after, under a strong guard, was taken to Hobart Town, where he was tried and condemned to death for the murder of his wife. On the day pre ceding his execution, which tuoft place on the 2nd November, 1846, he made a short confeBBion to the effeot that Duffy, Worritf, and *imself were engaged in sxTedsni jobberies in the^New. Norfolk district. His wife -threatened to inform, and he killed her and went to Worr all's. They had long been suspicions of Duffy, and they decided to rid themselves of his presence, which they did by killing him in hiB sleep with a blow on the head. They put the body into the Derwent River, and after using the boat to get across, they overturned it. With a considerable sum of money in their possession, and two well-stocked swags, they kept along the verge of settlement until they came near the Mersey settlement, where Jensen had a t-taunch friend. The money was given him, and then the two men agreed to take to the bush for a time aB the safest. The settler friend arranged to pay periodical visits with food to a certain point. Going back, near Mount Valen tine, the retroat was discovered, which Mesley found, and the life just suited Jensen. Worrall, however, got tired of it, and frightened that if he went back alone he would reveal the secret, of Jensen's hiding-place in the hope of getting a pardon, Jensen decided to kill him. An altercation took place one day near the big tree, and Jensen choked hiB comrade to death at its base. A sheet of bark was placed on the body, and then the idea of leaving his photo, with it occurred to him. When the survey parly came along he was delighted to find that they had made the discovery he wished for, and it was he who stole the food, clothes, and newspaper. The latter told him of the success of his ruse, and fearing that his retreat might be discovered, he decided to go back to his friend's place. This he did, but shortly after, through Williams and Sutherland, he was again being Bought for, and he decided to have revenge on the constable. HiB friend gave him all the necessary information, and he carried out his purpose but top well. To the end ,he steadfastly refused to give the name of She settler who befriended the assassin, though the man was strongly suepected. ' Well, Keenan,' said Dr. Sutherland the day after Jensen's confession waB known, 'your ghost was a pretty sub stantial one.' ' Well, yes, sir, but its appearance meant death all the same, for poor John Southey was the victim,' came the reply. TheJSnd. 