STAGELAND. <BV THE LYRE.) i The Theatre Royal h s pursued the even J tenor <" tenner') of its way during the past week, while Cremorne his pursued let me say the even " fiver" of its wav. Tuat is to say. the Royal house each night has averaged bettsr than the Cremorne Gaidens •* houses." Facts are like mules—stubborn things. And its the truth and nothing but the truth, s'help me Greai. Jehosophat, that the gallery at ihe Royal has been FTXL every night during the past week, and the stails"THKEK- PARTS KCUL regularly, th ugh the dresseircle doesn't auy way near fill. The Kellinos and Miss Tree continue the draw cards at Cremorne — and thevYe very good. Maunix has been beatino* Dillon and Waldron, the other comic vocilistscf the crowd, by an innings and no end of runs in character turns during th« past week. If he couldn't beat the two named he'd deserve flogging in Fremantle GaoL Miss Kirk is the one serio-comic success of the show. The other serios ought to be blistered asd turned out for a long spelL Leon sings character songs to the uproarious delight' of the audiences, but his clever clog dance isn't appreciated, and ought to be cut out, which I believe will be done during the coming week. Winton ventriloquises as only Wiuton ean ; «ad Syd. De.nc has been ball dising i,i fine voice. On Monday night the show begins regular biz. in Cremorne Theatre, as the wea her is too cold for performances in the Gardens. BENEFIT TO BOYIS BROTHERS. The Brothers Bovis, Charlie and Willie, two of the best boys in the profession, are being tendered a lienefit in the Perth Town Hall to-morrow (Monday) night by the members of the profession now in Perth. The Brothers have been "victims" (no ot er word meets the case) to ill results of the mismanagement of a theatrical enterprise in Perth by two entrepreneurs (much-abused word, that), and ar; in consequence deserving of much practical sympathy. The bill arranged for the benefit entertainment is a long one, and as excellent as it is long. All the stars of the vaudeville firmament: ow in Perth are 011 the list, the enumeration of which pressure of space prohibits. The Brothers Bovis will themselves appear in a coupl j of specialties, and the Leslie Bixs. will give one of their musical sketches. Those a tists who intend appearing are requested to a tend rehearsal at the Town Hall on Monday morning at II o'clock sharp. Prices of admission to the benefit—Is, 2s., Is. Biz. coutinues good at the Theatre Roval, and the commonwealth ghost perambulates with marked punctualfty. Those kolored kings of komedy, Pope and Sayles, in conjunction with Delohery, Craydoa and Holland, roll the old chariot right merrily. The company is particularly strong in balladists, and Misses Celia Ghiloni, Alice St. Jolm, and J. Clev land receive well-earned applause for their pleasing contributions. The Leslie Bros, clever musical turn is a feature of the programme, and is as acceptable to the audience as a long sleever :o a thirsty dryblower. Mr. John Hodge, the silvery tenor, is in excellent voice, and Mr. Jdlin Lean's baritoue items receive wellmerited approbation. The latter has gained confidence, and apparently is now of opinion that it is not at all probable that a Perth audience will arise in its anger and annihi. late all those who displease the gods. John looked mighty scared the first few nights, but let us assure him it is not "thumbs down" in his case. The indiarubber-like Lennou Bros, are as ]>opuiar as ever, and last, but by BO means least, the saucy little Jessies—Thorue a 3 Bell—sing and dance to the delight of the baldlieads, who sit in front orchestra stalls. Laet night Muldoon's picnic was staged- 