NOVELIST. THE SQUATTER'S DAUGHTER. [COPYRIGHT BK8KBVED.] W.-^CoHrnronir Mackenzie. As he mounted the box-seat one bright spring morning, drawing on his dog- skins, and took the reins from the groom, the leaden dashed off with a merry " who-oo-ph" from Eric, and much barking from the two collie dogs which accompanied the trap. Beside him sat a small black-boy, born and bred at " Karatoomah," taken for the purpose of opening gates and making himself generally useful. Tipoo, auch was his name, had somewhat- of a grotesque appearance, as clad in a claret-colored coat with immense silver buttons, and high hat, he sat stolid as the sphinx beside his master. The road lay through some of the prettiest country to be found in the neighborhood . For miles a lagoon, calm and clear asa mirfor, fringed to the water's edge with thick vegetation, where wild-duck and! water-fowl remained undisturbed, bordered one side of it; on the other stretched away for miles the now luxuriant paddocks of Karatoomah, encircled by thick belts of eucalypti. Beyond this' again and some fifteen miles lay Timboora, & place the reader has previously made, acquaintance with. Never was Eric in such good spirits as on this bright and health-giving morning, he restrained a too willing leader or touched up a sluggish poler, which were taking him to Timboora, for the purpose of joining in some festivities provided by the manager. Since Muriel's departure many months ago, he had never set foot in the house. Duncan Grey had then appointed the present locum tenens, a jovial openhearted bachelor of some forty years of age to act as manager. As he turned his team into the last paddock which separated him from the home-station, the house wherein he had passed so many pleasant hours burst into view. Never did it look better. The garden, one mass of flowerihg plants, casting far and wide its rich scents, the tennis-court was a perfect sward of velvet, on which a set of players were contesting for victory, and above all came the aughter of girlish voices, which Eric oved to hear. As the panting team halted in front of .he house and Ronald Gregory issued : orth to bid him welcome, Eric felt, deipite his former gaiety, a slight misgiving )f the heart. He saw before him the* garden wherein he had pledged his love, house now tenanted with gay and cheerful voices,.but amongBt them none like Muriel's, so low and musical in sound. Glad to see you, Rymanscourt," said the cheery voice of Ronald ; " come in Mid have a ' nip' after your drive," with which refreshing greeting the two sauntered into the dining-room to partake of spirits and water, during - the coil-' sumption of which they talked of many: things ; what number of bales there was' likely to be at the end of shearing, the. prospect of the welcome rains continuing, and all those questions which are so dear to the squatter's heart. Then they came to questions of a social character. And so, my boy, you kept it dark as long as you could," said Ronald, cheerfully poking Eric in the ribs, " but bless you. we knew all about it long before you told us." Their conversation was here interrupted by the presence of two young ladies and; their cavaliers, who had just completed « set at tennis and were now discussing the. rights of victory. Eric, rising, was introduced by Mr : Gregory to Miss Elwood and Miss Seacombe, who, under the care of the former's mother, were now staying at. Timboora. As the company sat down to dinner that eveniug, comprising some thirty guests in number, drawn together from all parts of the district. Erics alloted partner during the repast was the latter of these two. young persons. Mary Seacombe, as she sat under the shade of the rose-colored lamps, lending her complexion quite a beautiful tint, bub which, when seen under the full glare of daylight, was not quite so faultless, plied Eric with all manner of questions as toi his movements. She was known to poople in general as the huBband-hunter, and scarcely could a more applicable name have been given to her. Her age was somewhere between twenty and twenty-five, but this, she kept a profound secret, and to give her her due, thanks to the aid of pearl powder and bloom of roBes, she did not look much more than eighteen. She delighted in eccentric costumes which she believed exercised a captivating influence over the masculine mind, and was known on occasions after a day with the hounds to have drunk soda and brandy and smoked cigarettes. She flattered herself that at billiards, or turning a team of four homes! in their own length, she was as good, if not better, than the average man. Her conversation. was generally of thb. raciest order which allured one kind of man and repelled another. It may be said, however, that in excuse for some of Miss Seacombe's idiosyncrasies that they were due more to ignorance t! an from a sense of impropriety. Her mother had died at an early age, leaving iter in the care of a father who in the exercise of paternal advice was very r- misa, allowing her to hate quite her own way, so long as he was not interfered with. He was dotiiigly fond, of his daughter, and on this account was very blind to chose faults which to the casua* observer were soclearly palpable. I've. a tip-top fencer now, Mr.; Rymanscourt," she began, as sipping her' champagne she turned her lustrous eyes on Eric, " and am thinking of entering! him for the * Squatters' Cap* next year." : "Indeed. Miss Seacombe—and where: did you pick him up, and may! ask where fw intend training him ?" Ah, ha! now Mr. Rymanscourt, that would indeed be jtejling secrets"—which remark, with a roguish twinkle in her eyes which she knew so well hggr $9 assume, quite amused Eric. ^ " You'll see him all in good time, and f'U take long odds in fivers that he gets a place in any case." Miss Seacombe here ecked at the meringue which she had 01^ er plats, more to pass the time than be.- cause she really felt my inclination tor eating. *' So let it be," replied Eric, " nothing would please me more titan to see your horse win." Thfe dinner having drawn to a dose, the ladies sought the dr awingrroom. Rofcald Gregory wasamanwho knew how to entertain well. Beingj is'wetiavB .said, bachelor of the gay, order, he delighted to surround himself ^rijbh such yotmgfolk as he had now asked : to Timboora. y « H^lp^ourself to the claret and pass ] 'ongrim «cclaimed now and] to » member o£ the company who s might have allowed his glass to remain empty too long. Eric, now that the running fire of con venation which his late companion so earnestly kept up had subsided, leaned back lazily m that self-contented state whichcomestoaperfectiyhealthyman after dining. Opposite him sat a son of one of the wealthiest men in Riverina, a young fellow whom it was supposed that any giri might have accepted had she had the chancer Rnm ;n tr;^ 1 j * - t , _ B , om m Victoria, he had been sent^to England to pass a few years at Cambridge and on the continent, and had returned what might be termed a polished young man. His name was Daliymple and at one time it was thought that his attentions to Muriel Grey were not to prove fruitless. The public, however' were wrong, for MurieL although appreciating his many courtesies, could never bring herself to care for him any more than as a friend. As Daliymple up to the present time had not had a chance of speaking to Eric, he wished, despite the fact that the latter had what is generally termed " cut him out," to show that as far as he was concerned, not the slightest feeling of illwill existed. Dalrymple's manly nature and goodtraining had taught him to despise all' snch mean sentiments as jealousy, in viewing the position of his more fortunate rival, though not long since he would : have cut off his right hand had Muriel; bid him do so. All was over now, however, and there was no ttse in regretting what might have been. Tossing his cigar- case over to Eric he offered him one and proposed a stroll outside; the two then wandered on to the tenniB ground. The heat of the day had given place to a calm, cool and starlight night, as they ; took their seat away from the sound of mirthful voices which issued from the; open casements. Daliymple's first words to Eric, as he' puffed the nce-paper and tobacco, came 1 naturally and without any tone of insin-' centy in them. "My heartiest congratulations and good wishes, Rymanscourt, and believe me, that although I would have given all I possessed to be in your place, I know that you have won the love and respect of Miss Grey, where I have failed. Though rivals we may have been, I trust that whatever little differences we may have had will be sunk in the past. Your hand, Rymansccurt. ss a proof that I mean it." The words uttered with such genuine feeling touched Eric, and as he proffered his honesthandui response to Dalrymple's, the latter's character rose an hundred fold in his estimation. After this the two welded together in something more than a mere acquaintance ship, had many things in common, and for a quarter of an hour gave rein to thoughts of a varied character. When they entered the house and sought the drawing-room where the company were assembled listening more out of courtesy than in admiration to the metallic tones of Miss Scacombe's voice struggling through "Non e ver," each took a seat quietly, thinking to himself that whatever else Miss Seacombe might do, singing was not her strong point. Later on, however, when she was asked to take a cue at pool, she proved herself, to have a remarkably straight eye as taking their "lives" as well as their shillings, for what woman is not a gambler at heart, she won the admiration of all present. As the men songht the smoking-room to have a final whiff before retiring to rest, Miss Seacombe's prowess as a billiard player had become renowned. "Yes, and Egad," said a rubicundfaced old bachelor, " what a figure, and what arms—if I were twenty vears younger " The remainder of this eulogy on the. somewhat questionable beauty of Miss Seacombe whs met with peals of laughter from the rest of the company who flattered the speaker by teUing him that his chance was as good-as ever. When Eric laid his head on the pillow that night, the thoughts of the next day's doings kept him awake for a time. Eric had entered himself and his horse for the '* Squatters' Cup," a race of three miles over some of the stiffest fences that the heart of any sportsman could wish for. HiB final orders to Tipoo were to ^all him at seven in the morning, from iwhich time there remained but scarce six •hours. 1 With aU the coming excitement of the morrow Eric was soon wrapped in sleep, jdreaming of great yawning crevasses over " hich he aud his trusty hunter were E ying with the utmost unconcern. CHAPTER Y. THE SQUATTERS' CtJP. The day of the Finbourne race meeting was ushered in with all the appearance of wet weather, but after a slight shower or two which was just enough to lay the dust, the sun which had been hiding behind a thick bank of clouds issued forth, making all bright again. Everyone was up betimes; some were to. ride to the course and others drive. Amongst those who rode -were young Daliymple and Miss Seacombe, the latter attired in a dark green habit, than which, perhaps, nothing could have suited her better. Eric, of course, was to drive his team, -md great was the anguish amongst the remaining ladies when they saw Ida Fordyce assisted on to .the boxseat. These little attentions, which, perhaps, may seem nothing, are not thoughtBghtly of amongst single girls who fancy mem- selves slighted when perhaps, as often happens, a married woman usurps what they regard as their right. In this ease, however, Erie did not wish to give offence, He felt iumself privileged, being an engaged man, to choose whon*«over he pleased, and, with that in view chose the best looking to ornament the front seat of his drag. It could not be denied either that Mrs. Fordyce was very sweet to look upon. She had when analysed no very great re- i deeming .features in her face, yet withal, there was an indescribable beauty of expression which tent a charm to her eyes, and » mouth just a thought too large, perhaps. The recent showers had drawn a sweet smelling fragrance from the pine and eucalypti trees which lined the track that led tip jUie course over which the drag and four boiled. Rabbits, these peptf of the squatter, ssuddM across the road in hundreds/ as the nbise of approaching hoofs "startled them | from their ambush. Cockatoos, magpies, *nd the irrepressible j£kass with ^s mocking laugh greeted the party from ;the neighboring. clumps of wattle mndgum. The fnbmtng was .just sdcli * one as ' thft heart of tnsn rejoiee, and now ' : little Fordyce JwaA ^ trader Eric's _ _ j;«ad N talking* merrily, wadly lay daim -to mueh iwhen claimed ^^^ ' f W r e d ^ jthis^t ,1a her most wuf« *' You must not forget, however," answered Eric, "that you are the right person in the right place, seeing that you are acting the part of chaperone." At this speech an amused little smile played round the corners of her mouth, knowing that if tbat term could be applied to her in theory, practically her chaperonage was at farce. " Talking of chaperons, Mr. Rymanscourt," she continued, "do you believe the company would behave themselves any the less were I Hot present. Is it not in these days, when girls are allowed so much independence, just a trifle absurd ? We have not the eyes of Argus to watch them everywhere." Well, really now, you come to put it in that way," touching up the near side; leader, " it does strike me as being such,.' more especially when the chaperone in question receives as much, if not more attention, than those under hen charge." At this remark the large black sunshade of Mrs. Fordyce was gently lowered in order to conceal from Eric the mischievous' smile on her face. Very neatly put, Mr. Rvmans- 1 court, it wouldn't do to say that such a ; speech coming from an engaged man is* out of place. You are a privileged being, and exercise that right to perfection; were you otherwise I should order you to turn the hones' heads." Eric knew just how much of this last, apparently withering retort, to believe, i Hers was the kind of disposition that he! faticied he could fathom so easily. To'' put her out of temper was impossible, so whatever else people might have said: about the pretty Mrs. Fordyce, this at least, could not be laid to her charge. Her husband who was seated at the back of the vehicle, poring over a race card, was in her eyes of as little importance as the leaves which ^strewed the track ahead of thorn. She had made a bad marriage, and more seneible than; most of her, sex, was aware of it. But never did she by a ghost of a chanse appear so before the world as anything but. th& happiest of mortals. She looked upon all display of temper, when her husband did something to exasperate her, as .the worst of form, only suitable as she /would say, for cooks and servant girls. Scenes of all* descriptions were her positive aversicn, and she avoided them. She was without children, and rather congratulated herself upon the fact, believing as she did that if there had been any they would most certainly have taken after their father. Whatever faults Mrs. Fordyce now possessed were due to the result of thiB unhappy alliance. Her marriage, like many another, had started under the most favorable auspices, only to grow as time wore on, utterly intolerable. That trust which she had so iin-1 plicitiy placed in her husband had been ruthlessly betrayed. All her proud nature revolted at the treatment she had received from her partner, and unable to. show proof of his basement, was content to suffer in silence. " What about your chance of winning to-day, Mr. Rymanscourt?" she exclaimed, as scarcely more than two or three miles separated them from the course. " Ah, that is more than I can say, but if training can do anything and "Tear-: away" doesn't show temper at the post I'll be bound to say we'll make a good race of it." "Why are all these exciting pleasures reserved for men," continued Mrs. Fordyce, "whilst we poor mortals itching for Something of the kind can only look on. It makes me far more nervous to watch a steeplechase than if I really rode in it." " Come, now, Mrs. Fordyce, plucky as you are, no one would care to see you risking your life in that fashion. Imagine your head not perhaps an eighth of an inch off struggling hoofs. It makes one shudder to think of it." _ Mrs. Fordyce had never regarded the situation from this point of view. " Well, I can assure you there will be no pleasure for me to-day uritil the Cup is over. My heart will be in my mouth at every jump your horse comes to." This last was said with almost a pathetic tone in her voice, to which Eric, not unflattered by the remark, replied: "Nonsense, it will be the most glorious fun out, and remember from your hands and no other trill I take the ribbon of honor if niy horse wins." Mrs. Fordyce would have wished for nothing better than to have been able to crown Eric Rymanscourt with •tory's reward. . In many ways and by casual little speeches let drop, she had shown .cards to this astute young man, who now 'rattled on to the course in the midst of varied assortment of people who had flocked to the Finbourne meeting. In front of what, was . generally • known as the "Grand-stand" the "Karatoomah drag and its living freight came to a hale. Had the day been made to order, ,none better could have been provided. The course was alive with life. Bookmakers, loud-tongued, and arrayed in garments of wonderful and fearful make, shouted the odds in one's ears. Grotesque negro minstrels wandered about from carriage to carriage, going through the usual buffoonery. Aunt jSallies, three-card trick men, thimblepriggem, and the thousand and one honest and dishonest distractions of a racecourse were here in abundance. Within the saddling paddock, where Erio, .accompanied by Ronald Gregory and others of the party were, walked the horsey, swathed from head to foot in WarmxugB. Jockeys and trainers stood about; in knots here aud there, deep in consultation as to the likelihood of the patient training bestowed on their respective horses at length resulting in success. Around a dark iron-grey hunter, clad from head to foot in a thick pity blue rug with the initials " E.R." worked in the corners, stood Erie, Daliymple and others. Strip him," said the former to the. stable-boy, whose ^arms were nearly, pulled out of their sockets from the con-.' stant habit which Tearaway had of throwing his head up. j Presently was revealed to their gaze the satin-like coat of the grey, whose veins, standing out like thick cords, and bold eyes, clear as crystal, denoted this picture of equine grace and strength to be in the pink of condition. j " What do you think of him I" en-' quired Eric of Ronald. "Couldn't be better/' remarked the |atter/ yhose judgment in matters uf Hpvr about )Sbato{ !»e a trifle puffy.' Has hjalii on f enquired die manager of TbLw.,, walking up to examine th* |imb more closely, 1 " You've a sharp eye indeed, Mr. Gwgoty," answepsd Th*$ is % f^Htow pofct *t37 l&^oitipff^theKaligfctoa^ |Qk 1m nitif ^ 