HAUNTED MOUNTAINS; OR, COLONEL CODTS SEAEOH. a. KOMANCE OF THE WEST. CHAPTER LXHL—THE NIGHT ETDE. Er COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAMfilter of "Te Mysterious" Man in Blue." The Hermit, whose life Ład been so fjiea -with romance, worry and sorrow, j,a,j told bis Ions story -with evident effort. He knew that he was seriously grounded, if not fatally, and wished to fell of his past and arrange for tlie future. He felt that he could trust the young isan vrlio led such a mysterious and r,-eird life, for he seemed to read in his lace that he possessed a true and noble rature. •1 came to these mountains because I v.as told that the man I sought—roadagent. outlaw, and all that was bad— liad in the end become a dweller among the Indians, the foes of his own race. I beęan the search for him, and I came t.i one opinion after having- patiently aad untiringly followed his trail lor several years. "I could have killed him scores of times, if lie had had so many lives, but my desire was to take him alive and force from him the secret of where my children were, if they were dead or alive, sad then wreak my vengeance upon tiro. I have had to fight Indians, have met in deadly combat prowling outlaws, flurins my stay here, and all I have seen csnvinces me that the man I seek dwells -tKontr the red-skins for a deeper purpose than merely to be a renegade to his r.-iee. "I am convinced that he is a goldhunter—that he has doubtless struck it j!ch in finding the yellow metal in these mountains. and remains here to quietly work his mine. I feel that the stories of tie Haunted Fort and of the Ghost of, ihe Mountains are intended to frighten oE the red-skins, the settlers, and hunt?r-= from this region, and he is the one tliat plays the bold game to gain his esd so that he can secure gold enough, remove it secretly, and then seek another land to dwell in.- You are the Gtiost—am I not right?" * J-'- ' "In part, yes; but he not found the gold he is searching- for so earnestly, yet t around us here." "Then he has missed it, and for once Fortune has smiled upon me. for I have i:und gold, and plenty of it." "Tou ?"' "Tes. and this is my secret; and I will t=!l you that should I die ere you return, I have a mission for you to perform^—a duty that you must religiously carry Oi:t "There is gold here, and enough to make half a_ dozen men rich; and I beqneath to you my secret, or the knowledge of how you are to discover it. Tou are to share my legacy equally with two others—my children; but you are to find teem, and tell them the story of my life. •'Having found thme, share with them mr legacy, and make known to my son the story I have told you, and let it be his duty to bring that man. Prince Ashton. to the gallows. If my boy is dead, tben I bequeath the duty to my daugh- "If she, too, is dead, then upon you fa'ls the duty and the whole of the fortuae: only you must swear to me thai Prince Ashion shall meet just punishment—that my poor wife, children, and myself shall be avenged." "I swear it," said the Ghost, most fr.nly;and then he quickly added: "But you will not die. for I will "save you. Tou must live to see the man Ashton punished, and I tell you now I can bring one here who can save you—one who will come, I know;" and speaking with a startling earnestness, the'Ghost busied about the cabin making his preparations to depart. "One moment," called out the Hermit. The Ghost turned towards him, and te said: "If I am dead when you return, dig £eep down into the sand at the bottom of the spring, and you will find there a Timal! tin bos. In it is ą paper to tell you ttK I would have you know." 'Tou will tell me yourself, lor you will łtre. Now I will be off, and I will return at the earliest moment possible. I have placed food and water so that you can rtieli them. Now, good- bye for the present;" and the Ghost was gone. He n as soon mounted upon his matchless horse, and going as fast as the snoire—red ground nvnild permit down the ».-I!ey towards the plains. It was the trail towards Barrier Outpost that he took,and when he drew near the fort it had come on to snow, "and was growing dark. r- ut he held steadily on. and yet as he Beared the fort he drew rein, reconnoitred carefully, and then taJdng from his packet a letter he had written and addressed at the Hermit's cabin, he rode cautiously up to the stockade gate and •stuck it thereon with the blade of a lcute. Unseen by tl^ "sentinel he turned and rode away in the storm. chapter lxiv.—the meeting OX THE MOUNTAIN^ Standing upon the summit'of.a lofty mountain range, gazing.out over the snow-covered valleys and plains that for CŁsiy miles could be seen npón every Ł-rr.d. stood a young girl. it was the same beautiful girl, clad it buckskin, who had captured ' the Itunp ranchero. Burt Braxton, and his cowboy comrade, and afterwards pre- Tc-nied the Monarch of the Mountains from taking the life of the former. She held a glass in her hand, and was sleeping the scene before her as though w search of some object. A rifle'was svrun? at her back, she wore a belt of anas round her slender waist, and a few husared J'ards down the mountain stood Ler horse. do not know, why he -does not re-' turn. I sincerely hope no harm "has be- ^ef him. And why does father" remain Ko ]on„ a,Yav this time?' ^ "-he spoke aloud, in a soft, rich voice, ^ a?;lin raised her glass to her eyes. sne cried out. in a cheery tone : He is coming, and he rides hart." " ad cau sht sight of a horseman " along a valley a couple of miles I.. 1 ' and far below her. Tlie horseman v , ridln -" li«<3, seeming to press his tfctr-,^' , the tQI ? o£ his speed, though - sirt at once descended from 5 to t0 which she had c"mbed, went leaped into the saddle, and liaVjl the t, ' ail t0 me et the one she 5 ,r , 5 COmins - She soon did so.and e horseman advanced he called wt : "Ah. Julita. I am so glad vou have ttst m, »*\vs-Aoh. so much '•A-o 1 ? 1 ,!'? she asted, quicWy. tr«t?» ' 1Ut has hfc r «u">ed to therc- * ^fflWLil™ ŁaVe * shave, m • ^ you have made an Import 416 tent find, brother. Have you discovered /old?;' •Tes and "nó. X Lave discovered that' which is dearer than sold, sister." The faee of the young girl showed howrdeeply she was interested, and the horseman went on to say : "Do you remember the day that yon captured me?" ' "Cau l em torgetitT"" " "Tou recall, that the " Monarch was very much disturbed over a" strange echo he had heard of his own words?" "Tes; he did not rest until he had góne there vthe next day "and repeated the same words that he told us had been so changed, and he felt greatly relieved when he found the echo was different from what it had been the day before." "Well, I have found the echo." "The same place?" "No, the echo; for what he heard that day was not an echo, but a man's voices and I have found the man." "Oh, brother!" "It is true, for I have seen trails about I could not account for, and seeing a fresh one in the snow two days ago, I followed it. It was a man's track, and I followed it to his retreat, and when he discovered me, although I raised my hands above my head, he fired upon me. In self-defence I was compelled to fire on him, and I sought to wound him in the arm, but the bullet cut through it and entered under the shoulder." "Killing him?" "Heaven grant not*. But see, I have ridden my horse nearly, to death, for lastnight i -went'to the fort.*' "The fort?" "Well, the outpost." "Why did you go there this time, brother?" "TV> leave a note for Surgeon Powell, for I wish to take him to the cabin of the wounded man and have him make him welL" •But will he come?" Tes, I know he wilL I made an appointment with him for to-night at Beacon Kock, and he will be there." 'Then he is not afraid of ghoists?" Not he. But-come, you must get ready to go with me at once to the cabin, and I will leave you there while I go to meet the Surgeon Scout." •But suppose father returns?" 'He will not, for he dare not leave just now. There is too much at stake folium." "And this wounded man, brother?" •Thąt is the great secret that I have to tell you, sister, and you shall hear all as we ride along; for we must start at -once, and not spare our horses." CHAPTER LXV.—THE FORT. HAUNTED The two who had met on the mountain were riding along as they spoke, the man leading the way. They -went for about a mile along the range, and then: descended by a steep trail into a sheltered valley. „ A hut, of stones had been built there against the cliff, and a log cabin was but a few yards away. The snow had not remained upon the valley as it fell, it being so warmly sheltered, and grass was on the lowlands, and, in fact, there -were signs of the soil having been cultivated and crops raised. The log cabin had two rooms in it, and one of them the young girl entered, while the man turned the horses loose in the meadowland, and caught four other fine animals that were grazing there. ( Upon two of these he put his own and his sister's saddle, his being covered with the ghostly-looking robe. "I am ready, brother, and have here the things you said I must carry;" and she displayed a large bag well filled, roll of blankets, and some cooking utenall of which the man packed away in a saddle-pack, which he put upon one of the led horses. •'I will soon join," be said; and he ran into the cabin, and after a few minutes returned and mounted his horse. The young girl was already in the saddle awaiting him. When they were well on their way, the young man said: T promised to tell you a secret, sister?" •Tes." "When you saved my life, and the Monarch brought me to this retreat I could not understand why he was so ready and willing to spare me and adopt me as his son. It is true that-I once saved his life from men who-would have hanged him, but now I know that he had a deeper motive." "What was it, brother?" "The reason that caused him to try and make you believe that he was your father. He has been our worst enemy, sister, as I will prove to you." "That man tore us from our home, and though I escaped him, you he kept an eye on. After a while he brought you to these wilds, and niade you play ghost for to keep Indians and hunters out of .these mountains, while he hunted for a treasure bere. "We know that he was aware that the <bmmand of Major Gunnison came upon a. secret camp of miners, or rather their skeleton forme, and that they had with them a great quantity of gold that had been dug in these mountains. It was supposed that Major Gunnison was massacred with bis men by the Mormons; but you have told me how you," too, escaped from this man, and putting boy's clothes, became a drummer-boy in the army, no one suspecting your. sex. \- "Tou have told me how you accompanied the Gunnison party as bugler and drummer-boy, and that the Indians attacked And massacred -them one night in a fort they had built to protect themselves during the winter. They had subsisted on their horses for a. long time, and then, when ail were weak and suffering. the Indians attacked them, and you alone escaped through tlie mercy of a. renegade wbite man who-- was with them. "He -took you .with him to the Indian camp, then to»the mines, where, he-was killed one day by the Monarch, "who recognised you, and again became your guardian. He beard your story, and brought you', here, hoping you could guide him to the treasure of the miners which the soldiers had ludden at the; "time they buiit-the fibrt "That you could not find the spot, as ,you pretended, the Mbnaich -believes, but be keeps'up-the search persistently, and bas me aiding him, as be believes. "Now we know that the fort is there, filled witb its skeleton garrison, but 'where Major Gunnison hid the treasure we doi not know, and cannot find, so let It go; but we -can guide Colonel Cody to the spot, arid the soldiers of Colonel Ferris can bury -the dead. "When you .saved-''me. nature . must have prompted St, and wiien you jrewgrf ńised on my bare arm : the crest our Tether pricked there with India <nk. and revealing your arm showed that you bad tbe same brand, the past came'back to us, and we knew;thit:we were brother ana isist^r separafed years ago. ICow. Zuljtai my seeret is that ! bave found our father." - - -<To be* concluded next week-1 \- fc really TOiiattkaWe,** said -Mr Meekton "to note lmn Jnanj wnlnentiy succfess&il; men were-regarded -as stupid 