, INDIAN GHOST DANCES ? -O ? It is the custom, says the 'New York Tribune,' upon the occasion, of each. Indian, up-rising at any of the Western agencies, to assign some special cause, differing accord ing to the circumstances, for the outbreak. In the case of the Cheyennes, who are now making trouble at the Tongue River Agency in Montana, it is said that the dis turbance originated in the murder of a sheep herder by the Indians because they feared that he would inform against them for cattle steal ing. There can usually be found, of course, some incident upon which, to fasten the outbreak, but the real cause of the Indian troubles lies deeper than this. At certain times, as the red man himself says, 'Injun's heart- gets bad.' Very often this occurs ia the spring, when the fresh, new grass has put the ponies into perfect con dition, and v.-hen the mild weather has caused the ponies' master to shake off. their winter lethargy. Then the aforesaid 'bad' feeling manifests itself, and the Indians de sire nothing so mucli as to go forth. and kill. ' The killing of human be ings would be preferable, asfumish. iiig more excitement, but hunting, if it is good enough, offers a sub stitute which may be rspcepted. Thus as long as the buffaloes lasted they provided a means of outlet for the Indian's surplus destructive en ergy, but now this resource has dis appeared, and there is no other legitimate hunting to compare .with it. ? ..? So, when the councils and the 'dances have aroused every particle of warlike spirit in the hearts of the young braves, what more natural than that it , should be found easy to pick quarrels, and that- the thirst for the -white man's blood, once ac quired, should often take a long time and much effort to quench.? THE SPRING DANCER. The ghost dances and the war dances held in the spring are always 'more effective than those at other times of tlie year. The Indians are pleased at the thought of being able to hold them out of doors again, after the close confinement which, the cold of Dakota or Mon tana winter enforces. An extra amount of vigor is infused into the savage and grotesque contortions of the dancers, and the spectators gaze as if they could not see enough of these movements which are sugges tive to them of the highest type of valiant dancing. But it is perhaps after the dance is ended, when, the warriors are1 seated around in a circle on the ground, that, the fighting 'desire is worked up most surely and power-! fully . among them. The pipe of good-fellowship is first passed around in silence, each Indian' tak-j ing* only two or three puffs, and then handing it on to his next neigh bor. Just here it is interesting to note that the rod. man does not smoke after the manner of his white brother. In the whole circuit which the pipe makes its' mouthpiece is never wet. The. Indian merely lays the end of the stem, against hisi lower ftp, and, with, his mouth partly open, draws a deep breath. Removing the pipe he exhales this smoke, and then, perhaps lays the stem to his lip for a second puff, but never does he put the rnoulh piece into his, mouth, in the common' white man's fashion. If asked to smoke a piece-pipe after a white man he first wipes off the end of the pipestem. where it lias been, in the previous smoker's mouth. WORKING- UP THE EXCITE MENT. To: return to the circle which ia formed after the dance, the smok ing, as was said, takes place in silencei. Then some noted warrior of the band rises and strides into the centre of the group. When he has fixed the attention of all, he begins to recite the brave deeds which he has accomplished in war, illustrating his remarks with a most picturesque variety of gestures,' -and certainly allowing his story to lose nothing \in the telling. As he talks, the eyes of the young braves! glow, and their features work with excitement, and a desire to emulate such, achievements.. The fact that the Indian habitually represses fiis emotions need lead no one to doubt' their strength, and the amount of pent-up energy wliich is expressed in the attitudes - oi these yourg 'braves is enough, to make the civil ised spectator shudder as he tliinks of the savage expression, it might find. ' . At the conclusion of the speaking, after all the famous men, of tho band, have Tecitcd similar experi ences to those of the first orator, the excitement is intense. Then it is, and sometimes for manjr days afterwards, that the Indians are to be dreaded, for they are ready to seize upon almost any pretext to pick a quarrel with the wnites. It is the opinion of many people experienced in Indian affairs that neatrly all of the difficulties arise from the uncontrollable fightin^ ardor of. the young men. of the tribes. ; They have heard their fathers tell so often of the glories of lolling the white, men 20 years ago, at the time of the Custer mas sacre, and other noted fights, that they feel as if ,they must also achieve something of the sort or forfeit a reputation for bravery. 