A FATAL MISTAKE, OR MARRIED IN HASTE. By the author of "Shira," "Weeds and Flowers," etc., CHAPTER XLII. THE GHOST-HAUNTED CHAMBER. Daylight and a dreary autumnal morning made Adela's feelings any thing but cheerfully disposed; still she resolved to remain a few days. Her doubts of Drayton were greait. Some times she thought he, was not ignorant of Olmi's abode. Ooultd she' be con cealed under restraint at Merelands? At -all events, daylight brought the determination to fathom the mystery of that might, of the sounds which had troubled her rest. And so the day passed. Vainly had Adela endeavoured to explore the house alone; she even asked to be al a'wed to enter' the room where poor Mrs. Drayton had breathed her last. From an excess of feeling on his part, Drayton said he could nat bear the door "openaed, and ;s it had been a lportion, of the, house formerly appro propriated to bachelor guests or upper servants, Adela had never ..cntered it. Now she:.was, from some motive scar cely clear to herself, anxious in noon day to do so, bhut Drayton oppcsed.it. In gallant but fatherly' atterntions he waited upon her the whole day, and when evening again threw it shadows over the scene, Adela was forced to admit that all her determination might possibly be frustrated by Drayton's astuteness. This seemed likely to be the case, for the long evening passed, and evidently the hope was in Dray ton's mind thatAd.ela.'s visit might be abridged without any pain to. himself. It is very easy to give a person to un derstand this, without actually telling them as much; and as her journey ap peared unlikely to produce results with respect to poor Omi's whereabouts, Adela expressed her determination to leave next day, which, though gently opposed, gave unmistakable pleasure to Drayton. From him Adela had carefully con cealed her separation from her hus band, and the disquiet it gave. her. Had Drayton, known it, it is .probable he would have endeavoaured to detain her. He was one of those persons who always fancy some advantage may accrue to themselves from the misfor tunes of others, and, unquestionably, Drayton w.uld have pondered before parting so lightly with Adela, could he have read her heart, and ints disquiet about her husband's fate. As it was, Drayton and his ex-ward separated at night, with the under standing that next day she would re turn to town, and there -prosecute' the search after Omni. Long Adela lay awake, p.ndering on her own cares, and, like many who have committed a grave fault in start ing in life, tracing all to that one error. In this frame of mind sne waked while the house sank to repose, and, almost insensibly to herself, was watching for the sounds which had alarmed her the previous evening, when all minor terrors were lost to view in the thril ling fear imparted to her trembling frame by one wild, agonising cry which seemed to burst through all the passages of the house, to strike all who heard it with supernatural dread -but one, and then it died away into utter silence. Adela called aloud to her maid, and then the two terrified- women sprang from their beds, and hastily huddling on some clothing, pale with the anti cipaitlon of a horrible vision there to ap pal them, clinging to one another, they opened the door and called aloud. Drayton was not long in appearing upon the scene, followed by the terri fled domestics, whose half pent-up ideas about the ill-omened house had reached a climax. There, on the stairs and landings, stood the groups, enquiring of one another, and some, in trembling hands, holding flickering lights, Which shed an uncertain gleam on the whole scene. All had heard the cry, all had been startled from their sleep, yet none could give the slightest clue to the spot whence came the noise, neither to an:ny possible reason for it. All the household were there- none absent. Then from whom had the cry proceeded? They were not long left in doubt. At the end of the corridor stood the haunted room, and as all paused, breathless, for one to suggest some probable cause, loud and repeated knockings were heard on the door of the mysterious chamber, from within, accompanied by 'pleading and piteous cries for help. There was not one, save Adela, who would venture towards the room. Even Drayton,, who certainly had no faith in ghosts, stood incapable of moving. "For mnercy's sake, come with me, or give me the key," exclaimed Adela, springing forward, followed by her maid. "Don't you hear some poor creature is shut in that room, implor ing to bE released?" She cast a pene trating look at Drayton. In that mo ment of time she questioned whether his unfortunate wife was really dead, and w3hether it might not be her who was a prisoner. Several Vo:ices implored her not to go forward; but Adela-was resolved to do so, and her example inspired her maid with courage. The girl had not been witness, like others there, to scenes which had made them deem it possible that the dead might come again to haunt the living with remorse. "Who are you'? Why are you there?" asked Adela, in reply to the pleading voice. "For pity's sake, open the door, my boy is dying.' Call my mother. Tell her I have come, as she. gavel me the key to do 'so."? Drayton perforce had followed Adela. As these words fell upon his ear, a' glinmmering of light broke through the darkness. True, he did not think of Omi, but he recollectee that nowhere could the key of the outer door be foumd when Mrs. Drayton lay there. This, then, was the key alluded to; but who had taken it?-who was imipri soned there.? A being of flesh and blood, assuredly. "Tell her the door shall be speedily opened," he said ,addressing Adela, in a trembling voice. He could not speak to the person himself: spirit or no spirit, the occupant of that room was not foreign to his conscience-he felt that, before seeing the speaker. The plaintive voice, as if unconscious of being answered, continuedpleading for pity and help, evidently convulsed with grief. At length the door was opened. Adela entered first, closely followed by Drayton, and the curious heads of servants, piled one above -the other, were at the now open door. At first neither Adela nor Drayton recognised. the woman, with haggard face and dishevelled hair, who stood, with wild eyes, gazing down at some thing closely pressed to her bosom, while the lips, quivering with emotion, strove to utter a lullaby, which sounded more like a prayer in desperation. All passed quickly-the surprise, doubt, recognition-as Adela flew to the distressed creature's side, and, clasping her arm saia- "'Tis Omi-Oml found at last!" "Hush," articulated the other, look ing piteously in Adela's face, a be wildered, unrecognising glance. "You'll wake him. He only sleeps-I know he only sleeps; but he is very cold. This room is so cold-no bed, no fire. Take us to the fire, and tell my mother I have come." "Heaven help her! 'tis Om?i!" whis pered Adela to Drayton, who was so stricken with fear and surprise, that he could not believe his eyesight-it must be a dream. "What is that in her arms?" he asked, in the same tone, as Omni sarik again in the old, damp chair. But Adela did not answer the question. "Send them to light a fire-a fire in my room," she hastily added. "And bid some one bring a warm drink something to. call back life to this poor, half-frozen creature. Let it be dtdne at once, please. Come, Omi," she gently said, encircling the other with an arm-"come with me; I will take care of you, come." But the poor, bewildered brain, tor pid from cold and the shok of terror when she had felt the child so icy, could not comprehend what was urged upon her. She looked. up perpleaed in Adela's face and aske:d for her mother. Meanwhile, Adela's maid busied herself to get a fire made. and some nourishment for the pale creature so strangely found, while Drayton sent all to their several departments who were wanted, and dismlssed the others to their rooms. Stranger than any supernatural noise was the finding of this woman, whom the servants at a glance surmised to be the lady who had come to see Mrs. Drayton, and- who had called her mother. (To be continued in our next.) A West End milliner declares that a lady who is a recognised leader of fashion is obliged to iexpend at least £5000 to £6000 a year on her attire alone. 