CUBBENT TOPICS. Still another election is to be referred to the Elections and Qualifications Committee. This time It is the seat of Mr. Griffith, of Albury, . which Is challenged, making the fourth Op- nnaltlnn neat ihnn menappd. Thpi-p are four petitions In all, lodged by exaspei-ated mem bers of the last Parliament against the suc cessful candidates who wrenched the seats from them- ' Messrs. "Wise, Richards, Ferris and Griffith must fight another battle for their Parliamentary lives before the commit tee. Not one petition c.omes from Opposition members against successful Reidite candi dates, although there is reason to believe that similar irregularities to those urged against the four challenged elections might be charg ed against every election in the colony. There are various ways of influencing electors, and one of the most successful Is for a candidate xvbo is a Minister, to promise .billets to one or two of his most energetic supporters. This is bribery, but as the reward is not given Until after the election It Is difficult to prove It with the deflnlteness attaching to a direct rponey bribe. Every candidate knows how- hard It is to restrain his committee or friends from giving small sums to the horde of Im pecunious applicants who put forward claims of one kind or another, and it would be ab surd to hold a candidate responsible for the acts of Injudicious friends in the matter of trifles of this k|nd-. In the case of Mr. Grif fith, the groundB set forth In the petition are re'riiarkable. It Is. alleged that there was in timidation upon hls part before the -election, which Is right enough, but the petition goes on to set forth that the Intimidation was con tinued after the election, which is a very mysterious charge. . Intimidation after the election obviously could not influence the election, and why Mr. Griffith should indulge in It when unnecessary is a matter to which a mystified public., will look to the evidence before the Elections und Qualifications Com mittee for enlightenment. "It 'is natural that a Minister should pro duce an official document to sweep the board every time a complaint Is made against any thing in his department. That Is the right tiling for a Minister to do. At the same time tlie right thing- for the public to do is to re gard official utterances as not by any means unanswerable. They are never unanswerable when uncorroborated, In which condition they are often misleading. Take the case of the Allora spring wheat, for which the Hawkesbury College appears to have taken such art affectlofi. Asked If this wheat hqd riot been condemned by a baker of repute, Mr. Bruriker replied that It had been praised by a leading' miller. Now the, first thing about this Is fhat' the official utterance loses Its official character; the second Is that the praise of the' le'ading miller is 6f the faint brder that- "damns;-" arid the third Is that, In substance, It really repeats the condemna tion qf the baker. "A good milling variety for mixing purposes" Is not a good variety to stand .by itself; and that was what the baker su'ld without' any circumlocutory eu phemism, und in exceedingly plain language. He, moreover, was corroborating what the Bakers' Association had said some time he- fore. As we remarked on that occasion, the 'wheat of New -South Wales, which is the best -In the world, does not require any mix ing, It can' hold Its o\vn agulnst the Inferior wheats of other countries, nhd there Is no reason why these Inferior wheats should be grown here. There are reasons for seeking a variety., of wheat that will grow on certain- lands unfavourable to the varieties we have. But let the new varieties be up to the old New South Wales standard. If that Is im-i possible the lands In' question should he, put to other and more legitimate uses. A century ago the object of wheat-growing was to get bread of any sort. The object to-day Is not' restricted by the compulsion of possible starvation. It should be bread of the .very best, such as no. climate can give us so well as our own. The case of the lunatic Creswell came be- for thq Legislative Assembly last night, when Mr. Fltzpatrlck moved for a select committee to Inquire Into the matter. The House nega tived the motion, very properly. Too much has been healrd of the Tlchborne case for one century, but tlie pertinacity with which it Is sought to re-open the matter Is very remark-' able. It Is reported that one or two wealthy faddists In England, bitten with the Tlch borne craze, aro at the bottom of the untiring ' efforts to prove that somebody Is not him self but quite another person. "The very able doctors who examined Creswell a little while back for the distinguishing marks known to belong to Sir Roger Tlchborne could not find such marks; but In spite of this the motion for a select committee last night was nearly- carried. It was pointed out that the present holder of the Tlchborne estates is secured In his title by Royal Patent against all claim ants, and In vlew of, this, and In view of thp report of the medical commission which ex - amlned Cresvvell, it would be a wild waste of_ \- public nymey,' and an outrage on good sense, for the ' New South Wales Parliament \to: put .forward a . new claimant In the person 'of 'B, hopeless lunatic.. -Some advocates of the-' select committee urged that even if Creswell Is not "Tlchborne,. . nevertheless, as Creswell'. he Is heir. to larg /estates In England, .-arid were this established the State would be- re-; lleved oi, the cost of, his maintenance. But the State is not a. knight errant to spend, time and money in finding doubtful claimants to property on- the other, side of the world, and if Creswell Is heir, to anything worth hav ing there are plenty of speculative lawyers ready to', take up such cases,- just as the im probable claims ...of Mrs. Druce are being managed and financed; Select committees are a grievous waste of . public time and money, and only last -week Mr. Crick stated that never in his experience has such a com- ; mltt.ee arrived at a useful conclusion., The." Assembly is to b.e congratulated on refusing one of the most-useless ever moved for. - - Captain Marchand's expedition to Fashoda Is the last exanjple of the deadly power of the -ridicule, which, '-'according to the keen French saying, kills. The " captain's object \vas to confront" the English advance up - the Nile Valley with a "fait accompli." The French leader was to meet the leader of the British- Egyptian hosts, on. an equal footing. Forti fied In some Impregnable position, with the "pavilion" of his" country floating gallantly in the tropical breeze, he was to say to the Sir dar, "Thus far, and no farther. All the rest belongs to France." Such was the "accom plished fact" of the French dream. The starved remnant qf an exhausted band, coop ed up on a small tongue of land jutting into the Nile, cut off from every help, ready to glVe up the ghost, and everything else, except the "pavilion"" of three glorious colours and its honour. To this dwindling remnant in Its- saddest hour comes the Sirdar, who acts with a promptitude both agreeable and disagree able. By sending provisions and dispersing the enemy he saves the force from death; by occupying the neck of Its tongue of land he keeps the force in the full blaze of the ridicule attaching to Inefficient occupation. That is the "accomplished fact" of reality. It pro claims the Sirdar a master of tiumour, as well as a maBter of war. The Englishman cries "Hoorah," and the Frenchman exolalms against his "dog's chance;" and between them they show that on the cfuestlon of luck there Is room for two opinions. But on the. ques tion of possession there Is room for only one. The strange silence of the Paris newspapers is eloquent evidence on that head. The French Government has done the best thing possible under the circumstances. It has promoted its gallant, officer for his bravery and perseverance under the' terrible difficul ties of about the hardest of all possible Afri can, journeys, as undoubtedly the journey from Ubangl to Fashoda is. Captain Mar- chand. deserves reward as fully as ever ex plorer deserved It. Arid his wltl be the one French Interest to reap benefit from his plucky but unsuccessful expedition. "All's well that ends well." 