CAPTAIN FAIRBAIRN, PHRENOLOGIST. 4 [FOR CLABE'S WEEKLY]. Into every life come many little incidents that, in after days, crop up in memory to make us smile once more. Of such was my only meeting with him, to be called Captain Fairbairn. Should any reader of GLARE'S WEEKLY fancy that about twelve months ago he knew someone not unlike my friend, let him not conclude the two are identical. But Saunders and I were sitting in that hotbed of vice and crime as Puritans designate a hotel's bar parlor. We were whiling away spare moments and lazily chatting over our tumblers of— Well, it doesn't matter what we were drinking. .^Presently two grey - bearded self-same dinners, old enough to know better, walked in. "Hallo, Bob!" exclaimed the veterans. " Hallo, Captain—hullo, Mr !" exclaimed Bob. Bob presented me 1o Mr , as he tapped the bell for the barman, omitting to introduce me to the Captain. Just like B«ob. Mr —- and §ob went ahead for a conversational flutter; during which I noticed the Captain glaring at me as if I were a ghost. I saw that he and the other patriarch had been Bacchusing before this, and-put his extraordinarv stare down to bfeastly poison. When the barman had brought their potions, %nd they had each taken sampling sips, the Captain reremarked— " Bob, introduce me. to your friend." With requisite apologies, this function was duly ^ performed, and the Captain, extending* his hand across the table, grasped mine in effusive grip, and said, " Sir permit me to offer you my hearty congratulations. The Al- mighty has given you as fine a forehead as I ever saw."" When he dropped ray hand, which he had nearly squeezed out of shape, I modestly and becomingly murmured something about , extreme pleasure at gratifying intelligence. "Yes, sir, Ivjb&ve; studied phrenological science'since' I was a boy. I am an expert. I would trust you anywhere: you are truthful and honorable: you have unlimited brainpower : I am proud to know you." I confess all this was entirely news to me. I affected a deprecatory air, but felt sure if a, phrenological expert said this, I mtisT be better than I thought, for, of course, he must know. " Oblige me, my dear sir," he continued, " by removing your hat." I had been wearing it tip-tilted in the usual position of bar parlor etiquette. Dramatically I removed it. A. look of unutterable horror swept over the Captain's face. Lifting his hands, and turning away his disgusted face, he cried, " Put it on again—put it on, for Heaven's sake! You're a hopeless blackguard !" " Look here, Fairbairn," said Mr , laughing, "stop your d rot." (These old fellows had a vulgar habit of using immoderate language). " When you start on heads and bumps it's time for men to scoot." " I tell you, Bob, your friend is an incorrigible blackguard," said the now excited Captain. Personally, I do not fancy phreno logy worth much, after all. " He has absolutely the worst head in the room, and—has bad enough bumps to be a second Satan." He took off his own hat. " Now look at my head. See anything particular about it ? No P Well, mine is the best balanced h«ad God Almighty ever put on man. I'm not conceited: I didn't make my head: but, through my long and varied experience in phrenological matters, I have never met so perfectly proportioned, so evenly balanced, so godlike a head as mine— " Shut up !" interjected the other ancient. " You,—you have the head of a pig —you have not a good point about you. You'll drink yourself to death for want of moral principle, proper balance. As for B®b— But Bob's peculiarities are unknown, as pushed the Captain from the room, " to sober down," he said, " he's been spoofy for a week." 