n. Bordertown wagyUpeet to its foundations. Gloomy ??ed young men lounged about its loot' .Uis and made sarcastic remarks „i,on ;] of the country people passed ??? new overcoat, Bill - suppose you ?? to the 'toff ball'?" ? telegraph for my dress-clothes ?? or I'm afraid I won't be asked." ? were more out-spoken, and less ? Miss Black, of the Sports- ?, said she wouldn't be seen ? in her morning gown even, ? not go even if that stuck-up ? asked her on his bended knees. And ? way the barmaid served the sta- tion ? with whisky was a study in silence. ?? Never before had an invi- tation ? been given; and deep and deadly were ? oaths taken by the "push" that ??never happen again. The ? was to be held in a galvanized- iron ? at the lower end of the main street ?? was an unlovely hall, and the ?? were busy the afternoon of the ? decorating [?] and dividing one end of ? supper-room with canvas and ? ? as if we might have trouble," said Newbold. "the sergeant and ? both cleared out this afternoon; declaring they were sent for to inquire into a stealing case—don't believe a word of it myself." ""Tint new uvciwoi, jj •nu're ** • -j lav o telegraph for my dress-clothee to-nioi ■ , or I'm afraid i won't be a6'ihe - were more out-spoken, and less given "t. Miss Black, of the Sports Lns us, said she wouldn't be seen , ti„ all in her morning gown even, d d v d not go eyen if that stuck-up bank asked her on his bended knees. And i way the barmaid Berved the sta irs with whisky was a studv in alt. Never before had an invi i been given; and deep and deadly oaths taken by the "push" that K si„ i never happen again. II was to be held in a galvanized iing at the lower end of the mnin butv. : was an unlovely hall, and the bavin - were busy the afternoon of the races orating and dividing one end of it in; supper-room with canvas and wool- as. _ • Li > as it we might have trouble," said M'wbold. "Ike sergeant and police n both cleared out this afternoon: decla ' * " • a hoi of it self.' "They're both 'dancing men,' " grinned Jim Meade, "which accounts for their flight; I don't think we shall have trouble. I'm sure of it." "ln that case we had all better start together from the Sportsman's Arms, nearly everyone is staying there and if some of you fellows bring big sticks with you, they may not be in the way." "Bring the bank revolver and a blank cartridge or two," said Kanniger; "larri- kin ? t 'ii-bes [tribes?] don't like firearms." "? .Al e risk a return shot; not not as ladies are with us. You don't know bordertown brutes as well as I do. They wouldn't use blank cartridges; the shearers are all in from Castle Creek, and half of them drunk already." And so it was arranged; the girls thought it great fun, and drew their pretty cloaks round their shoulders with a delicious thrill of excitement as they stepped into the un- lighted street, whilst their overcoated squadron of guards surrounded them. Jim Meade carried two large buckets of claret cup for the entertainment, and so was con- sidered unfit for active service and moved into the centre of the hollow square with the girls. However, the few hundred yards between hotel and hall were passed with little mis- hap. The advance guard certainly mea- sured their lengths on the ground, tripped up over a low-lying stretched rope. The big jackeroo from Castle Creek was the first to fall, and his thoughts instantly sought Jim and the claret- cup, and he shouted to him to "stand still". They did not discover until they got into the hall that the rope had been liberally tarred, but that was a detail. Newbold breathed again when the big doors were double locked, and Mrs. Sampson Power played the opening waltz. Certainly, a shower of stones on the iron roof, and a very pro- tracted shower, too, rather spoilt the dreaminess of "Bittersweet," but the delight of waltzing again in a not too crowded room made up for much. At mixed balls these people had been wont to sit on the draughty stage and gaze sadly at the push, enjoying varsoviennes, Alberts, Cale- donians, and many fearful and intricate dances unknown to them, and when a waltz did happen—like the scattered currants in brownie [?]—it was simply one long struggle up and down the crowded room, the ? muscie ? alone being able to steer his partner through. ? or the first time since he had come to ? district, at town or station balls, New- ? was not dancing the opening waltz with Sylvia. Naturally, her lover claimed her now. Alison, his partner, waltzed well. " This is something like a dance," he said; but even as he spoke his ugly, ? ful face clouded. "Make the best of it," whispered Miss Frere softly; "I don't object to being a substitute at all." "A substitute?" "Love and a cough can't be hid," con- tinued the girl; "at least, a woman can hide love sometimes; men never can. For instance, I hide my love very well, don't I?" "Remarkably well. If I may voice gene- ral pinion, Miss Frere, you never have and probably never will fall in love, and therein lies the secret of your power." "Power?" said the girl, questioningly. "? human power is conquered by cir- cumstance; there was something I [wanted?] pretty badly once—I knew it—and I would have gained it too. Yes; it was within my grasp; it was worth more all the world to me; and then circum- stance stepped in, such a little circum- stance; all arising from the necessity of the 'grape leaves,' and where were all ? castles in the air." Newbold did not answer. He could not follow the girl's mood. ?Hist?, where all your castles in the air are I expect," she added. "You are a witch," he said. "Because I discovered that I am only a substitute?" and she threw back her head and laughed. There was a subtle power in the girl. Newbold was under its sway while he danced with her, and ?? ? his eyes, and interested ? with her ?anil? sayings; but when the waltz came to an end, and Sylvia passed close to them, blshing and laughing at one of her lover's ?uaciously? tender speeches, Newbold felt an old hunger in his heart. Alison watched the engaged couple [intensensly?]. "l am very fond of Sylvia," she said, ?wiy? "And she isn't worth it." Newbold flushed. "I admire Miss Meade immensely, and think she is worthy of one's affection." Alison shrugged her shoulders till the bodice of her black, much ?jetted? frock glittered like the skin of ?s? serpent. "She has no deep feelings," she said, "?i ,,'Vi until you or anyone else is in ??e? and see what Sylvia is to rely ? a proken reed, thistledown blown by the winds of heaven, or perhaps the ? of a looking-glass would describe her better, reflecting every passing form. Now don't look as if you would like to ?i i»e?. The prettiest little reed, the softest, most charming thistledown, the most priceless looking-glass in the world, in more pair of eyes than one, and I would sacrifice my heart's desire to save her a moment's pain.? Newbold looked into the heavy-lidded eyes. Some expression in their depths belied the mocking curve of the full red lips. "I believe you mean it," he said. "I am sure you are a true friend of her's, even though I think you are mistaken as to her character." "That goes without saying. Take me to the piano, for I have to play the next Lancers, I think, and the time is up. By the way, Mrs. Sampson Power is glaring, I suppose you dance it with her." She drew off her long black gloves, and threw them on to the piano. Newbold hurried off to steer Mrs. Power's person through the Kitchen Lancers, and guard (as well as he was able) the rest of the couples from collision with his partner's hands. There was no flagging about the toff ball. Bushmen dance thoroughly and through the whole programme, for dances out west are few and far between, and it was a merry, if slightly exhausted, party that sat down to the Iong supper table, above which the Chinese lanterns glowed softly. Young Jim Meade's claret cup, or rather claret buckets, had been twice re- newed, though old James Meade was heard to declare confidentially to old Sam Mayne that he could not see anything in spoiling good wine with soda-water and rubbish; or, in fact, drinking wine at all when the best whisky was flowing like milk and honey. Sam agreed, and was too pleased with the world in general to notice how mixed his old pioneer friend's metaphors were. Sylvia was thoroughly happy, as the pret- tiest girl in a ball-room should be, with the added bliss of knowing the handsomest and most distinguished man in the room was her faithful knight. After supper he led her up to the stage. "My next dance is with your friend, Sylvia. I am sorry that I shall be obliged to disturb the outrageous flirtation she is carrying on with Jim—when I go to claim it. I never can understand your friendship for her—two more totally opposite natures could scarcely be found." "No," said Sylvia, doubtfully, who, as usual, was swayed by the last-comer's opinion; "I used to love her once, I think, but I'm sure she's a nasty girl now, and I'll never ask her to Gundara again." Crighton looked slightly taken aback: his sweetheart's extreme amiability and docility jarred upon him sometimes, and in this case he felt a sudden insane wish to box her pretty little pink ears, and make her contradict him. "Oh!" he said, "she has her good points, I daresay, and one must make allowance for anyone so thoroughly spoiled by the men about here—asinine lot they are, and deserve all they will get from her. I don't think she cares a red cent for any of them, do you?" "I'm sure I don't know and don't' care," said Svlvia; "I think she is horrid." Crignton handed her her fan, and went off to claim his dance. Alison shot him a quick appreciative glance as he made his way towards her. "Yes, it is our dance," she said; "do you mind if I only dance half of it, and sit out the rest; I'm tired." "No wonder, you have not rested once, bushmen are exacting partners; but I am pleased to think I am to have the whole waltz." She smiled. "Yes, I was obliged to divide some of them, for I was engaged for more than are on the programme." "Then I may consider myself honoured." "Oh! I divided Jim's dances and some others. You are too recent an acquain- tance; I could not ask you to help me out of predicaments—don't you understand?" "I understand perfectly," said Crighton stiffly. They danced on in silence for a few mo- ments, and then, as her steps lagged a little, Brighton suggested that they should stop, and, murmuring something about getting her some soup, put aside the canvas curtain, and took her into the sup- per-room. It was deserted and in semi- gloom, for only one Chinese lantern sur- vived. She sat down in a squatter chair and took off her gloves again. As she did so—always graceful—she looked doubly so now, with the clinging dress outlining her long shapely limbs, and her perfectly- moulded arms shining like those of a Greek goddess against its sombre folds. They sat in perfect silence—a fateful and significant thing in itself. She was the first to speak. "By the way, I have not congratulated you yet. Accept my best wishes now, and make Sylvia happy. I am very fond of her—" "Thank you. I know I'm a very' lucky fellow, and shall do my best to make her life a bright one. As to your fondness for her, pardon me, if I doubt that you could be very fond of anyone.' "Isn't that a rude speech, rather—any- way I can't prove otherwise to you. I'm in a confessing mood, Mr. Crighton, and I'm going to confess to you. I have a heart, and I could love—deeply, lastingly, passionately—only once, and that for al- ways." "I don't quite know you in this highly romantic mood," sneered Crighton. "May I ask if you have already experienced this absorbing passion—is Sylvia the object or Sylvia's brother? Shall I be able to I offer return congratulations soon?" "Wrong in both guesses," said the girl, quietly. "I care for Sylvia in a different way. She is my friend, and has endeared herself to me perhaps because we are such totally different characters. You will agree to that, I suppose. Sylvia is thoroughly domesticated, for one thing, and has all the arts of housekeeping at her finger ends, while I am lazy, selfish, and a thousand undesirable things which she is not." "When you love deeply, lastingly, and passionately, Miss Frere, perhaps your character, as delineated by yourself, will change. I should very much like to see you do an unselfish and self-sacrificing ac- tion." "You will probably have that pleasure, my friend. I say probably, and yet, why should I sacrifice myself? Good gracious, are we going to be left in the dark alto- gether?" She leant forward, and half rose as the candle spluttered and went out. Feeling blindly for the curtain, her warm, soft arm brushed his face. He grasped her hands, not pausing to think why he should be trembling in every limb; why this girl, whom he hated so, should have power to move him thus. In the wave of passion that held him, Sylvia, and the first warm kiss he gave her in the sanded walk, were forgotten. Alison was a tall woman, but her head reached only to his shoulder, and he raised her hands, drawing her white arms round his neck, and bent his face towards her own upturned one. "Alison," he whispered. "Alison; oh! my darling. You know, and I know now." Just for one moment the lithe figure seemed to yield itself to his embrace, and then—— She wrenched her hands away, and broke into a peal of delighted laughter. "Come," she said, "I'm not going to sit in this lightless Eden any longer. What will Mrs. Sampson Power and Mrs. Grundy say?" And she moved quickly to the curtain, laughing still. A red flush of shame surged across the young man's face. She could conquer him in a moment, make him forget honour, love, and all; and then she could laugh like that at her triumph. Hate, no wonder he hated her, doubly so now, this witch-woman, with her queer, fascinating face and perfect form. He followed her into the lighted room mechanically. Jim Meade was waiting for her, black- browed and scowling. "Our dance," he said, "and it's half through already. Are you tired?" "Oh, no; let us begin at once. Why, it's a gallop. Let us enjoy that lovely music. Do you know, Jim, I am dead, quite dead. I have just laid down my life for my friend, and she is not worth it. What do you think of that?" "Oh! do talk sense," said practical Jim. "I never can understand you in that mood. You look a remarkably lively ghost any- way; seems to me you ought to be very much alive if anyone is 'queen of the revels.' You are to-night," with which romantic speech Jim Meade smiled with satisfaction. "Oh, love for a year—for an hour—and a day— But, alas! for the love that loves alway," wailed the waltz which superseded the galop. Crash, bang—smash! Three of the frosted windows, or rather a pane in each, burst in simultaneously, and showers and showers of a thick grey powder poured into the room, and lay thickly on the floor. "The brutes," shouted Newbold. "Don't let 'em stop us—there's hammer and nails , behind the stage and boards—somewhere. Tear down those little shelves, they will do." "And here's a broom," shouted the Eng- lish jackeroo, "we'll soon sweep it out," and he began to sweep with the vigour of a "new" housemaid. Alison ran to the piano, and dashed into "We Won't go Home Till Morning;" her clear voice rising above the exclamations of the dancers and the hysterical shrieks of Mrs. Sampson Power— who had thrown herself upon the little sofa on the stage in her fright, and was now keeping amidst its ruins, for Mrs. Power weighed eighteen stone at least, and the sofa was more for show than use. Meanwhile Crighton had found another broom, and went to the jackeroo's help, and the dust arose in a cloud. " I'm ?—I'm blest—I'm—it's pep- per—black pepper," shouted Ranniger, throwing down his hammer and covering his smarting eyes with his hands. "I'll knock down the first man who sneezes—old as I am," roared Jim Meade, senior. "The devils, they have scored one." "Back to the stage, ladies," shouted Newbold, his face diabolical from his ef- forts not to sneeze—the girls crushed their cloaks against their faces; the men buried their noses in their handkerchiefs—the song ended in a stifled note—and in the silence which followed, the English jackeroo : let out a tremendous and thoroughly Eng- lish sneeze—and then, as old Meade rushed towards him—he, with all the rest of the upper ten of Bordertown and district, fol- lowed suit—but even above this noise came the echo of delighted and unrestrained plebeian laughter. Newbold tied his handkerchief round his face, and made a determined effort, and swept the pepper up to the door. Most of the men rushed out to find and crush the enemy, bat so sur- rounded was the hall with small houses and intricate back-yards that their quest was unsuccessful, and the skirmishers re- turned growling and swearing at the manners of the push. Newbold left the doors open for a minute or two to let in some fresh, un- peppered air. "There are only two more items on the programme," he said. "Will you play the next, Ranniger?" Mr. Kauniger sat down at the piano, and the men advanced to the girls, who were gathered in a group at the end of the room, talking excitedly. Newbold turned to close the doors, but was too late. Leaping over fences, howling defiance, came the enemy, and were up the steps and into the hall before anyone moved to stop them, by sheer force of numbers. "What price the toll dance?" yelled a gigantic shearer, nick-named Goliah. "We fancv a hop now, as you've so kindly paid for the hall. Choose your partner's, gents, and knock down any of the dress-clothes blank, blank, blank rubbish as interferes." He hit out right and left, and made his way to the stage, where most of the girls had fled, and reaching up, he took Miss Frere in his arms as if she was a baby and lifted her down. Alison felt the coarse hands found her waist, the hot, whiskyfied breath in her face, and she struggled wildly to free herself. There was an uproar near the door, where Jim Meade was ?"scrulling"? half-drunk shearers and pass- ing them out to the jackeroo, who solemnly threw them down the steps. "Good God! look at Miss Frere," cried Crighton. He had taken Sylvia's hand and pushed her into the dark supper-room. "You will be quite safe there," he whispered: "keep still until we have cleared these roughs out. I must go to Miss Frere." "You shan't go to her—someone else can go. You shall stay with me," wailed Sylvia. "Do as I tell you. Sylvia. I am nearer to her than the other fellows; you are perfectly safe. The brute is mad with drink," and tried to shake off her clinging arms. "If you leave me for her I rever, never will speak to you again," cried Sylvia with sudden fire; "so you can choose." "She is your friend and she is in danger," he cried, and before Sylvia could speak again he was fighting his way through the crowd, seeing only Alison's white face and Goliah's inflamed eyes and drunken leer. "Hands off that lady instantly!" he shouted. "If I don't let go, I s'pose you'll make me," roared the giant. "I'm goin' to have my dance with her, and a kiss as well," and he flung off Crighton's up- raised arm, and stooped to carry out the last half of his threat. Crighton sprang at him like a tiger cat and dealt him a stunning blow. The giant gave a yell of pain, and dropped ?? directly, making a rusj at her rescuer which, in his drunken fury, was more like that of a wild bull than anything else. Crighton put out his foot, and the shearer fell over, and Jim Meade raced up to help drag him to the door, but it took more than one man to eject the monster, who howled with rage, as the doors clanged to again. "Of all the disgraceful scenes!" cried Mrs. Power. "Unfortunately my hus- band is absent—(Mr. S. P. was P.M. for Bordertown)—but those men shall suffer." "I think we can swear to the whole lot," cried Jim Meade, delightfully, "and they will pay dearly for this frolic. Where is Miss Frere—not hurt, I hope?" But Alison had turned very white, and was leaning against the stage. "I'm not hurt," she said, "but I feel queer. Sylvia, Sylvia," and she caught Miss Meade's hand, to steady herself. Sylvia dragged it away, passionately, and Crighton sprang forward to support her half-fainting friend. He delivered her into Mrs. Power's motherly care, after laying, her gently down on the bench in the dining-room, while the giris fluttered round like a flock of sympathetic doves—all but Sylvia, who stood like a little statue at the door. "Why do you not go to her!"' he said sternly. "She is ill and faint, and called for you. What does it all mean?" "What I told you near the supper-room. You chose to go to her, and I hate you. I don't believe I ever cared for you much, but I hate her for taking you from me." "Sylvia—" "Miss Meade, if you please." Crighton could almost have smiled at the childish assumption of dignity. "Don't be a little fool, Syl—Miss Meade —but do you really mean what you say?'' "Yes, I do. Aren't you glad?" He looked straight into the china-blue eyes. There was no love, no regret, only wounded vanity and ill-temper in their depths. "I really believe I am," she said. Newbold was turning out the lights as Jack Crighton walked towards him. "Will you drive Miss Meade home to morrow?" he said abruptly. "I think I shall wait in and take the coach down south." Mr. Newbold looked astonished, as well he might. "Most happy, of course; but Miss Meade—she—does sshe—hang it, old man, have you had a row?" "Yes; a final one. She knows, and will be delighted with the change of drivers, I think. Fact is, Newbold, we have both discovered our mistake in time. We are friends, and should never have played at being lovers. I know what it is to love a woman now, and Sylvia has never cared for me either. By Jove, you look quite glorified. I believe this is good news for you." "It is," said the banker, quietly. "I love Sylvia Meade dearly." "Well, good luck to you; you will make her a better husband than ever I should." Then, as the guests all appeared, ready for the walk home, both men burst out laughing. Crumpled shirt fronts, crushed collars, battered coats, and draggled ties, not to speak of some visibly blackening eyes and swelling cheeky gave a most dis- reputable look to tha gallant contingent. The girls fluttered out of the dressing- room, and joined in the laughter. "Oh! it does look like a 'toff ball' now," cried the youngest Miss King. "I believe if the 'push' could see us they would be amply revenged." Alison had recovered her spirits, though still rather white and shaken, and leant on Jim Meade's arm as they left the hall. "I told you I was dead," she said. "Per- haps you will believe it now?" Newbold was close to her as she said it. Something in the girl's white face stung his heart, though it was beating now tune to a new-born hope and joy. "Can I speak to you a moment?" he said. "Yes. Wait for me, Jim. I shall not be a minute," and she stepped aside to let ~Z, "Has anything very startling , lie said. bapPcUL'L i. is a matter oi opinion. .... . broken ofl her engagement with Sylvia ^ . i i' . ^lol , cnewal. Only Crighton leaves • at- -morrow. Don't let circum- stance interfere with your happiness a second time, Mis Frere." sccouti ? Newbold, you are a truly good ?? man," she whispered. "Thank you." . cwboid, you are a truiy goou nan," she whispered. "Inauk ?tud t se glided back to her waiting Ujttilt. , .. said, "I've made a mistake; I'm uo'l d. at all, and I've only just louiid The trip home was an uneventiul one, the to? oping quietly in the nioon light ?vvay where the bridge spanned tween the two colonies could dt hoof-beats on the wooden the to' light. "llu; ri''' Lie Ilea planks. "dk- ' said Jim, 'the push' are icks already for New South Wales dl, ?? our ball the town a lo rubbish if it has not done any thing e " -pp i lone a lot of other things, Jim, but sui- 'it lor the day is the evil thereof —prep-- Tiie eli started at live, and Chrighton *at alu' .u the bare coffee-room, moodily siaring .m uninviting breakfast. He was not tb->.»i"g of Sylvia or his brief engage- meut. ; uc sound of Alison's heartless laugh ter seemed ringing through and through his brain. He could deceive himself no longer. He loved her passionately and absorbingly, and ??was the only course left. He would ?? mad if he saw her day by day. linoivii ?? how slight a thing she accounted that ?? Some movement near the door caused him to look up. Clad still in her ball dress, a clinging silver-striped wrap round her head and shoulders, was Alison Frere. A chill blast blew in from the river through the open door. "You will catch cold," he said quickly. "I have come to say good-bye to you," she answered; "and because I had something to say to you." "I am at your service." A crimson blush dyed the girl's pale face. "You—you remember the supper-room and our dance?" "Perfectly." "Oh! how hard you are; cannot you understand? I was Sylvia's friend, and you were Sylvia's lover; how could I act differently; and now--" Tears rushed into the bright brown eyes, and the full lips quivered. "And now," said Crighton, stepping quickly to her side, "that I am Sylvia's friend, only?" "Why, you can be Alison's lover," she whispered smiling through her tears. [THE END] "Does your husband ever say anything about his mother's cooking?" "No; but he says things about my cooking that his father used to Bay about his mother's cooking." FLORILINEI—For the Teeth and Breath. -A few drops of the liquid "Floriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoioughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline," being composed in parts of honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price, 2s. 6d., of all chemists and perfumers. Whole sale Depot—S3 Farringdon-road, London, F.ngland. 