INTERCOLLEGIATE SPORTS. On Saturday next the first athletic sports meeting between St. Peter's and Prince Alfred Colleges will be held on the Ade-<*> laide Oval. A programme of 13 events has been arranged. In each event 'there will be three competitors from each school, and points will be given in the seniors' events, of which there are ten. The scoring will be five for first, three for second, and one for third. In the juniors the winner must score three points, the second two, and the third one. The programme contains races from 100 yards to half a mile, several nurdle races, two high jumps, and a bicycle race. The committee is com posed of the headmasters, sports master, an old scholar, and a present pnpil from each school. The lines of the inter-Univer sity sports between Oxford and Cambridge ■have been followed, liis Excellency the Governor has accepted the position of pa tron. Thisnewdeparturewillnodoubtcreate a. keen interest between the supporters of the two colleges. It was at first proposed to add to the programme certain events for old scholars, but for this year this was not found practicable, but in future years these events will probably find a place in the fixture. Mr. T. A. Caterer, of St. Peter's, and Mr. J. E. Langley, of Prince Alfred College, are the secretaries. The South Australian Literary Societies' Union has now completed 15 years of its existence, and doubtless the.competitors who are to appear at the Town Hall this evening will use their very best efforts to signalise so memorable an event. The com petition promises to be an erfremely in-: terestine one, and there is but little to! choose between those who will contest | the various Hems, llhe programme will in- 1 dude recitations end songs by ladies and; gentlemen, part t^ngs, impromptu speak ing, and also two dramatic scenes, the "Ghost scene" from "Hamlet," and the; "Duel scene" from "The Rivals." The booking of reserved seats has been most satisfactory, and toe competition has every promise of being the most successful that has been held for many years. ' 