IffeEffilSEillfi (Bv Ernest Favexc.) I I WISH to say that I had no hand whatever in the pro duction of the ghost of MThail's roan bull. I make this statement designedly because many people, M'Phail amongst them, although he's iluail now, assert that I prepared a live animal to represent the ghost of MThail's roan bull, which appeared after the death of the animal, at Darrouga Station, and was the cause of such disastrous doings. Personally I know that, on two occasions the apparition of M'Phail'sroan bull was a true ghost ; of the other occasions on which it was alleged to have appeared, I knew nothing, This statement Ihave solemnly made before, but nobody has believed me, so, before telling the story, and I am itoiiv to ^' -^ uiiiwihuij, j. uwuu hi juaivu Luc aiHuuueiUj once more. M'Phail bore me no love, of that I am aware, but our stations adjoined, and we were on speaking terms, sufficiently to behave in a decent and neighbourly way towards each other. He thought that I envied him his well-known stud bull. Kin' Pippin, sire imported, and had designs on that noble animal. I admit that I admired the beast which M'Phail, by no judgment of his own, had imported into the district, but I did not' envy him the possession of the bull, or think of doing him an injury. But that was the way with M-Phail. He thought everyone who saw red-headed Mrs. M'Phail fell in love with her, and wanted to elope Avith her, and he had a collie that he watched over at night, and though no one would have had the cur at a gift, imagined everybody was going to steal it. One would have thought that M'Phail would have been happy in possessing all these things which he valued so highly. But he wasn't. He always imagined that someone was going to steal them. And he felt mad when nobody tried to, or wanted to. If one had only run off with Mistress M'Phail, or stolen the collie, he would have pursued them with all the vengeance of man and law, and never ceased to talk of it afterwards, but the only tiling that was of any real value took sick and died on his hands, principally from the distracted efforts he made to cure the animal, and that was the roan bull, King Pippin. So afflicted was M'Phail at the sieknesss of the animal that he even sent over for my assistance But the bull was in ex tremis when I arrived, so what little assistance I could have given was not needed. M'Phail, needless to remark, was more than deeply distressed about the death of the beloved and admired bull. Distressed was no name for it, he was bereft of reason for the time. I am quite sure that he would have pre ferred Mrs. M'Phail to have boon the victim of Fate. 'It's the work of some scoundrel, some enemy,' and he looked fiercely at me, ' who envied me the possession of that noble creature, and, failing to steal him, poisoned him.' 'M'Phail, you're a fool,' 'I said. 'If you mean me, you're telling an untruth. And you know it.' 'How should I know it, man, surrounded as I am by enemies, who longed for that bull ; how should I know what to think ? Answer me that now f 'How can I answer it? The bull's been fed up too much, an. I anything may kill him ; you know that yourself. You've been stuniing him too full of green feed, or letting him stuff himself.' ' 1 think I know how to feed stud cattle better than you, Glaisher,' he said. 'Well, 1 wish you knew how to feed me. Here I've ridden twelve miles to see your confounded bull. I can't bring him to life again, or I would ; and you're going to let me go home without asking me if I have a mouth on me.' V; This touched M'Phail on a weak point, and brought him to V\ the ground — for, to tell the truth, he was not inhospitable. He \ muttered something about being put out by what had happened, *v and led the way to the house. Here, after our meal, M'Phail \\- grew somewhat himself, raid said he had given orders to have the bull skinned. 'Don't do anything of the sort,' I said hastily. 'Yon don't know what that bull died of.' ' What do you mean i' he demanded. 'Mean ! Why, you know as well as I do that you might get one of your men blood-poisoned if the beast had died of ' Cumber land ' or anything of that sort.'' 'Then I'll do it myself.' he said, jumping up from the table. ' Don't !' shrieked Mrs. M'Phail. 'Mr. Glaisher is quite right.; you don't know what you might catch.' 'Poii't I' I'm going to catch the hide of my roan bull, King Pippin,' he said, getting up and leaving the room. 'Oh, don't let him do it ; don't let him do it !' sobbed Mrs. M'Phail. ' I can't stop him from doing it,' I returned. ' He knows the danger as well as I do.' However, I got up and followed M'Phail down to the yard, and found him with a knife and steel in his hand. I argued and remonstrated over the body of that wretched animal, who must have heard every word of it, and at last succeeded in re straining M'Phail from carrying out his intention. 'The beast is cold by this time, and you'd have a job to take his hide off. Look what a sight he'd appear badly skinned. Why, if I was the bull. I'd haunt you.' I think M'Phail was touched, for he gave orders to get a couple of draught horses up and drag King Pippin away in the bush for a bit and cremate his body. Much relieved I rode home. I had seen one wise of blood poisoning, and did not Avant ever to witness another. Not that 1 really believed that the bull died of anything but a surfeit of green feed ; but still, when anything dies suddenly- horse, bull, bullock, or sheep there is always danger in handling the body with bare hands. So I went home witli a good conscience, and a highly satisfac tory feeling of having saved a human being from destruction. Did I / I ni afraid not. It must have been about the middle of the night, when a peculiar kind of voice awoke me. saying 'I say, Glaisher '.' 1 awoke at once. The room was Hooded with the most brilliant moonlight, and in the middle stood King Pippin ; or rather, the ghost of King Pippin ; for no respectable bull would walk into any man's bedroom at the dead hour of night, ?with his hide flayed off. and flayed in the most disgraceful fashion — cuts and gashes everywhere. 'Don't be frightened. Glaisher,'' said the appearance, 'I bear yon no grudge. On the contrary. You succeeded in stop ing that fool M Phail from taking my hide off, and this is the figure T should have looked. Do you call it a pretty figure ?' }*??.;- 'Scarcely.' I returned, regarding the object before me. And 1 leave it to anybody to say whether a bull 'without its hide would look a pretty object, excepting to a medical student. ?? lint why have you come to see me about the matter .' 1 saved your carcass from the indignity {'' hCZ. '1 know you did. and 1 thought that you would like to see how 1 would have looked if M'Phail had succeeded in his ?design.' ??I'm awfully obliged,' I remarked, 'but really, if you hadn't taken the trouble, things would have been hist as ioli'v ' ??Think I'll frighten M-Phail :' ' ' ' ??Xo doubt of it. Frighten him off the station. T should think.' ' 1 should like to. The mean dog : After stuffing me with Jank, green feed, and then doctoring me to death, he wants to UNDERGROUND VIEW OF THE ORIENTAL AND GLANMTRE JUNE— SHOWING THE QUART? LODE —4 FEET U INCHES IN THICKNESS— IN THE SOUTH LEVEL OF THE WINZE, 1000 FEET FROM SURFACE. :skin me. Now, if .he'd only wanted to saw off my horns and preserve them as a friendly memento, it. would not have been so bad. But to want to skin me for what my hide would fetch, after pretending such love forme. Pooh ! I'll give him the cold sweats to-night. So-long !' 'Hold on!' I cried. 'Think of Mrs. M'Phail. Don't frighten her.' ' No. you donkey. We ghosts can materialise before whom ?we like. Mrs. M'Phail will be sleeping soundly, while M'Phail -will be half out of his mind ' In an instant, the portent had vanished, and I got out of my bed and looked about the floor, expecting to find bloodstains all over it. But no, there was nothing, and I came to the con clusion that ghosts were Woodless. This occasion was one of the two on which I can affirm to the actual appearance of MThaU's bull. IT. Early next morning came a hasty messenger over to my place. He had been riding hard, and handed me a note marked *? urgent.'' *' Come over, please,' and see M'Phail.' it read ; '1 don't know what can have come to him since King Pippin died. Do come, if you hare time.' This was signed with, what I pre sumed, were M'Phail's initials. Naturally I saddled my horse and went. I found M'Phail very wild-looking, and certainly not him self. He began at me at once. '' Glaisher, what did you mean by saying that King Pippin would haunt me '. Last night I saw him ! l°saw him, 1 tell you, and 1 believe it was your doing.' 'Oh. hang it. man: King Pippin's burnt. How could you see him last night !' '1 heard a voice calling 'M'Phail '. M'Phail: get up and see your work '.' Up 1 got. and came outside. There I saw an animal like King Pippin would have been if T had taken the hide oil' his cold carcass with a blunt knife. Like I avus going to do. Now tell me, man ; tell me, it was no trick of yours. If I thought that it, was I should be all right, after I'd punched c you, or you'd punched me. But now : If it was a real spook I '' My sinful soul ! I shall go mad 1' I did my very best to quieten the man down, and persuade inn that it was a dream, but I had a hard job, and besides, he had shouted his accusation against me out so loud, I know that from that occasion arose the idea that, I had been playing ghost tricks. I managed to a certain extent, and we went down and looked at the charred remains of King Pippin, and gradually he got reconciled to the idea that he had experienced only a hideous nightmare ; but I knew in my own heart that it was nothing of the sort. Sometimes now I feel sorry that I had not, lied to the man. It might have saved his life. However, it was nob to be, and 1 returned home, leaving M'Phail si. little calmed down. That night I was again awakened by the ghost of the flayed 1 bull, wh ? Iiadn't been Hayed. ' G.N.islier I' he said, in that calm, familiar manner that ghosts assume. 'What, am 1 to do.' 1 had no intention, I assure you, of driving M'Phail to such an extreme, but from the way he spoke about me when you were talking over my body, I concluded that the man had no heart.no feelings. Now 1 see that he has, and 1 feel deep regret about the matter.' ' Well don't go appearing to him any more then, and he Avill soon get all right.' ' \ery easy to say that ; but, if you were a ghost you would know different. If you appear to a man once, you must ap pear to him three times. It's a law no ghost can break.' 'If you show up to M'Phail any more you'll drive him out of his mind.'' 1 replied. '1 don't Avant to do that : but what am T to do ! 1 must go and see him again ; I'm bound to tell you.' 'Well, if you must you must ; but must you go to-night '. Otherwise, we might fix things up a little.' 'How do you mean .'' 'I persuaded M'Phail that he had experienced a bad night mare, and he seemed to think that T had been playing a trick on him. Now, I Avill let him hold that opinion, and think that I have been playing a trick on him' 'And cast dishonor on the ghosts. Lot it be thought, that a real genuine ghost was only a turnip and a candle, so to speak. No ! not to be thought of.' 'I can think of nothing else. Can't you put it off until to morrow night '{' 'I can do that if you'll promise not to play any tricks in the meantime.' 'Very well.' 'Honor bright ?' I gave my word, and the ghost of King Pippin departed with the same celerity as he did the night before. I had to keep my word even to a ghost, but I determined to go and sleep over at M'Phail's. I had a good excuse, just to look after him in his nervous condition. So I went. Mrs. M'Phail was glad to see me, and told me that her husband had passed but a restless night, and he too was glad to welcome me to stop the night. I determined to keep awake, as 1 was certain that I should hear the ghost's voice as well as M'Phail, but I didn't, or, rather, I dropped off to sleep. I awoke witli a start, and instinctively went out on the verandah. Good heavens ; there in the brilliant, moonlight stood M'Phail, talking to something that— that night— I could not see. He had a revolver in his hand, and, shouting loudly to Mrs. M'Phail, Iran down the two or three steps of the veran dah, and I distinctly heard these words. 'Then you must come again V 'Yes, I must !' came a voice from the invisible 'Then I can't stand another sight of you !' and before I could get near he had shot himself. Mrs. M'Phail was just behind me. and there was a terrible scene, into which I need not go into details. But M'Phail had gone to join King Pippin in ghostland. and, perhaps, he was happier' That really is all I know about the tragedy. — Evex- l-'c: News. 