mm A SNAKE STORF. as actual laces, wnicn may quite possibly hap pen again even in this prosaic age; but every now and- then this is proved to be the case, by the ? wonderful rea «ine eriven tav intelli __ f*± HE flrm belief of the , V^'fe^' natives of India in -*x- j 1 4fe^^«t traordinary manifes- i Ifv^H^R) tations of 'nature is in- j ' HI* °*IlK^f credible to an English- j ^Jt *B.*# man- II is iard in~ i ^K/^X^h~Jmr °!eed . for US to realise , ^Hn§aV Xhat the fairy tales of ! war . .heVi^ r ? mythology are believed j gent natives for their requests. There is hardly a single animal or. vegetable that has not the power to act in some .marvellous fashion beyond the bounds of reason almost of sane imagination. We can understand their firm belief in ghosts, witches, demons— some of us haye known it firm in England; metamorphosis, the transmigration of souls are not inconceivable; but how any edu cated and intelligent lr-an can seriously believe in some of the actual actions , imputed to animate and inanimate things passes understanding. To the Indian it is not impossible, actually, that a rat should be able to carry an elephant; that a river should flow over a mountain without wet ting it, rather than round or through it. It was something of this sort lhat led to Sepoy Nur Khan's taking his discharge and forfeiting fifteen years' service. One fine day after parade we held orderly-room as usual under the big banian tree in front of the quarter guard. After the usual matters had been disposed of, a shame-faced jemadar brought up an anaemic sepoy who had a request to make. To the colon&l;'s inquiries the Jemadar merely re plied that he preferred that Nur Khan should make his request himself, and begged that the colonel would take no offence. The unusual in terest displayed by the native officers and others led us to expect something entertaining after the dreary monotony of demands, and the colonel granted the jemadar's petition. Thereupon Nur Khan, in hesitating accents, came out with this yarn: ... . 'Nearly a month ago Twent out at dawn to tne jungle, and while there I trod by accident on a snake, and it turned an** bit. me. Here is the mark. I went to the lines, and dressed the Wound, and went to parade. Yes, eahih, it. was a very dangerous snake; but it was not the time for its poison, so 1 did not fear. Three oighte later it came to where I was sleeping ir the verandah of the lines, and bit me again on this spot, and «ueked the blood. Again I dressed it withe at fear of poison. Here is the second mark. The next week it came again, and bit me as I.Mept, '.and sucked my blood, but did not poison me. Then I knew that that snake was mad and desired my blood, and would punme me. Also, I became ill with fever, and- Went to hospital. This was because its time of poison had returned. When I was in hospital it came again and bit me, and sucked my blood, but it did not kill me. It is a mad snake-, and desires my blood. I left the hospital a week ago, Since 'when it comes every (sec ond night, and bites me, and eucks my blood, end gives me fever. Now, if I stay here the mad enake will return again and again, and when its poison time is fully come it will slay me. I therefore pray that by your honor's favor I may take my discharge at once; end go home where the snake cannot follow me; otherwise 1 shall die, and there will be nobody of my family left to look after my estate and my people.' With that Nur Khan burst into tears, tremblins and shivering. 'Is this man' mad?' asked the colonel of the jema dar. 'I can ewear that he speaks truth, your honor,' replied the jemadar. We all laughed 'What infernal rot!' said the major. 'The fever has .upset his reason. The man is in my wing, and is -a good Urdu scholar, and has a certificate for field sketching, and alsa for trans port. I know him as a sharp chap, but not much of a man, and his physique is poor. Isn't he the story-teller, Subadar-Mir Alam?'* . jso, .'amp, tne ^tory-teiier la anotfler or tne tap- ; tain Sahib's wing, and he is now on furlough. This i man is a good man, . and the snake certainly bites j him. We have found him bleeding on the days on j whidi we was bitten.' j Now, Mir Alam was a sound and wise officer, the j last man whom we should have suspscted of support- | ing any sort of fraud or absurdity, eo his reply - amazed us all the more; also there was an indefin- j able something n Nur Khan's manner that told ! us that his feara were genuine. The wounds on j his legs were very like the marks of old sores or ' boils; but Nur Khan always, pointed out the same j marks in the s?me sequence, try him as we would, j not did he improve or alter his story. The colonel then called on each native officer to ! say whether he believed in such a preposterous non- i sense, and not one of the ten present denied that ; he fully believed. The remaining eix were absent on ! furlough and duty. So the doctor was sent for, and | while we waited for his arrival the native officers ! were all questioned, and chaffed, and reasoned with. ! Not a jot could we stir them, though they looked j ashamed of themselves, and yet prepared to face the ' scorn of the infidel with rasignation. Jemadar Jag- ; gat Singh, the first native to win the Macgregor i medal, and the most enlightened -among them, ex- \ plained the myatery thus: j 'Tliis snake,' said he, 'is the two-headed snake. ! It is like a bit of stick— eo long;' and he measured off about a foot en his arm. 'Every, six months ! its head becomes its tflil,,and the head is male and ; the tail female. You have seen it, Captain Sahib?' ? 'Yes,' said I.. 'The sepoys burned one on the i range at Mian Mir. It is as you describe. The j fact is, sir,' said I to the colonel, 'there is a snake of this sort,' arid this.is the native account I of it, arising probably from the fact that both ' head and tail are the same thickness as the body ' and similarly marked. . It is very hard without i close looking to tell which end' is which. It Is [- very slow and quite harmless, and seems to be a j sort of blind worm, but the natives are awfully j afraid of it. I have heard Jaggat Singh's ac- - count from others.' i 'Well, let's hear what further he has to say. ,' I catf't say I know the beast myself, even after : thirty year,s in the country. Go on, Jaggat ! Singh.' ' j 'By your honor's favor, this is my petition. At l the time of year when this snake changes its sex, it is harmless for two lunar months, and that is because it is then in its rutting season. If at that season any man comes near it and gets bit- j ten, he will not be poisoned. But ,the snake for sakes its mate and pursues, the man bitten, being '? mad and deluded into the belief that he is its mate. For this reason it continues to bite him, and suck his blood; and when its change is com pleted and Us poison in full force, the. man gets poisoned and dies in an hour without help, for there is no medicine or charm can-do him any good. This is a well-known fact. All snakes do the same, but this one more than the others.' 'Then why the devil doesn't the fdol sit up and kill the snake when it comes?' safd the ' adju tant. The natives one and all 'smiled' politely, 'but looked at each othe* as if to. say, '''How.iimpos- sible it is to explain anything to .such people.' The colonel and the major srew- angry, suspect ing that some underhand intrigue was being car ried on- at their expense, and they-j spoke i pretty strongly to the native oJEcers . on the subject, without any effect In fact, the subadar major quietly «aid, 'You have.no snakes in your coun try, Colonel Sahib, and you do npt,live naked in the jungles as we do. v We speak of what we know. There is no intrigue in this.' And the old gentleman's manner carried cbnviction. Presently the doctor arrived,1 and said that he had been told some such cock-and-bull story, but had attributed it to fever and delirium, and had paid no attention to it. He said that the man was very nervous, inclined to be hysterical, and that the marks on his legs'were sores which could not possibly be less than six months old at the very least. So Nur Khan's request was re fused, and he was sent to the hospital to be kept under medical supervision: ?:'-? The fever season was or then, and the hospital ?was so crowded that Kur Khan, ?? with several .others, had to be accommodated in tents -pitched in the hospital compound; but he was isolated, and had an atheistic Bengali hospital assistant to eleep in the same tent with him. To our amazement, at early dawn the adjutant and! were sent for to the hospital, and there in tbe tent lay Nur Khan bleeding from a wound in the leg,- and a snake, pfMthe very sort described, on the ground beside hie bed. The Bengali was paralysed with terror, Cnd all the hospital staff standing round afraid 'to go near either Nur Khan or the tent. We slew.^the shake with a stick, put it ln,a bottle, and ^hen -examined Nur Khan. He was alive and -only 'slight Jy feverish, but ter ribly frightened; and* the- wound on his leg was suspiciously like a, scratch across the scar of a former boil, though the nails oir his toes and fin gers were/ quite clean. The doctor. wb.en he came soon after, declared that the wound -was eelf -inflicted, ??but- \? e -never, found' out . how, n-* could we ever discover how the snake came to be there. It was a full-grown male, and quite harmless. / ... Nevertheless, we had to let ?Nur; Khan take his discharge, because his., nerves w^re completely shattered, and there was no chance of bis ever being fit for service a gaini It was a very queer experience, ana though, no doubt, scientifically explainable, yet we could not find an explanation./ The evident triumph of the sepoys over the 'sceptic sahibs was clearly based on a firm and unshakable belief in the strange story they had 'told us, and which we have never boen able to contradict. A sepoy does not forfeit fifteen years'- service for a trifle. —'Pall Mall Gazette,' .- 