THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among tho Himalaya mountains. TheBe old men, it is said, have devoted scores of yoars to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of tho world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the ' adepts,' as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They troated him rather scurvily, but interested hiin all tho same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein tho books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. x can c seo to reau, nere, saia ine visitor.^ 'Then we will havo some light,' was the/ reply, and immediately (the professor sayB) a soft, pearly light brightened the cavo. Ho could not tell whonce it came, but ho noticed that it had ono strange quality — it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to b.elieve, yot its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning aud high character, and you who now road it have 110 reason for doubt exoept that all tho lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or un belief commonly runs parallel with one's owu experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at tho account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of tho Cock Lane ghost. A mail who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a modioine which they believe will make him woll. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example : ' In the Spring of 1888,' writes our corres pondent, ' I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my. stomach was deranged, my appe tite poor, and aftor eating I had pain and Weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on, I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Soigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness loft me. Although I had 110 reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Sinco my reoovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the bost of health and spirits. In tho interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151 Hookley Hill, Birmingham, Juno 8, 1893.' There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be vorified without more trouble than it is worth. ' On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Ifitaally, thero is nothing mystio or magical about Mothor Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, form^, or phases of that universal disease — indigostiou and dyspepsia ; it cures thiit, und throws the light gf health and happi ness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its succesfl by eager witnesses. 