A Tale of the Past. By " Haibey Hemmo." Chapter VII. — (Continued.) In such successes, for instance," such as the Mountebanks, or any other vivacous, frivolous, spectacular, burlesque display, pregnant with mirth, light-heartedness and gaiety, where- there is an overflowing or superabundance of the aforesaid qualities, akin thereto, a pantomime is instantly and readily wrought and given existence. When I say success, I mean this : " You find, and I think a good many thinkers have found, that in the majority of cases, a pantomime or a variety show, always seems to meet with more success than a drama, which has a good motive and lesson involved, notwith standing its grand assumption of realism. By the by, M'dlle Mavis, did you ever see the ' Mountebanks.' It was a bit of a tin- pot show. It was by the way produced at the Franco Lyceum some nine or ten months ago ?' questioned Crepin. Well, Monsieur Melrose,' she exclaimed with a somewhat suppressed and hesitated rejoinder, ' I really don't remember it. The only recollection I have is that I have the piece of music. I think it is by P. Bucalossi, on airs from Gilbert and Cellier's opera, the music by the former and the words by the latter ; perhaps you are mis taken as to its being performed here. Of course it may have been produced subse quent to my existence or birth, or, at least, my knowledge of the histrionic world, be cause you know, Mons. Melrose, my mother, like many other mothers, did not let me go out so frequently as other girls are in the habit of doing, particularly to the " thee- a-ter." If I even made a mere mention of saying "can I go with Jean or Alphonse, or whatever person asked me ?" she would stolidly say, " Non, non, mon enfant, 11011, 11011, il est trop mauvais," irrespective of the terrified looks beaming over her spectables. The fact of my discognizancy may be at tributed to my being only lately brought into society.' ' Ah ! you can't tell me that, MdlleMavis,' interjected Crepin. ' Why, I have been told that you are a girl — I mean to say a lady of society — a lady who has thoroughly seen the ups and downs, and wrongs and rights of this world, been to the best of schools, supped with the best, in fact, I was told that you were the. daughter of Marquis de Markwald, who, we are proud to say, is one of our noble statesmen of the Chamber of Deputies, and at present discussing a grand cause for the welfare of our country. Am I not proud and grateful, ma chere Mdlle. Therese Mavis, for such an honor of being in your presence? May I, if it be not con sidered rude, intrusive, or out of place, or unceremonious, to see you from your car riage these three days hence, when the festi val is in eclat.' ' Most humbly do I accept, Mons. Crepin Melrose, and to show that I honor and adore your preferment, that I will place this ring upon you finger as a token of my love, perhaps esteem or friendship, or any thing, and with regard to my society, that was a mere thought, a passing a , it was nothing, nothing for the amusement of materialism. Ah, ah, Mons. Melrose,' replied she, ' get thee ahead with thine critique. You sit by thy cushion and me, mine, and let me hear the fluency of your words. I think thou were talking of a drama.' ' Oh, yes. I can remember " the put the penny in the slot," and the songs, and how voluptuously they were sung; too much so 111 1CLCI, I jy OUUU v ' Girls, I suppose,' answered she. ' Yes, I suppose so. They do as a rule sing sweetly in preference to the boys. Don't you think so, Mdlle Mavis ?' ' Might, might. Je ne connais pas. Je ne conuais pas.' Before I gave my next question I thought whether she was deserved, because she was a deuced rum girl, the rummiest I had seen, in fact she had been a-drinking it. I almsst was going to think. 'What are you muttering, Mons Melrose?' ' I am trying to think of the other songs that took place. I remember there was the song " Ho, Jerry, ho,' there was ' The whispering breeze," and it's my opinion — ' ' I see that Mr Hordiey is coming over. Who is he ?' -asked she, rather abruptly. That's the great English tragedian, I suppose, coming to get some money from us like everybody else tries to do,' replied Crepin, breaking off from his criticism of merriment to tragic acting. 'Is he any good, think you, Mons Spottles?' ' Well, I don't know. I have never seen him before, as a matter of fact this will be the Englishman's first appearance here.' ' The reason I asked so, was because I had a faint recollection of hearing his name mentioned at the club.' ' The club ?' queried Crep. ' I made a slip. Monsieur Spottles. At any rate you will learn Some more of it later on.' ' Can't you tell me, now ?' 'No, I can't. Perchance we will marry some day and have children, and they wili tell you.' ' Well, she's a rum thing,' were my thoughts. ' Continue, if you please,' said she, as if she had something in view. Mr Hordiey has leased the Franco Ly ceum for trots ans, but, notwithstanding his world-wide name, I am blessed if he is not going to initiate his season by that English fad of the English drama, Hamlet.' ' You don't mean it, Monsieur Spottles,' as she turned her head in the direction of the door. ' Have you seen it before?' con tinued she, in an enquiring manner. ' Oh, yes. I saw it once ; but pray, Mddle Mavis, what is up with you this afternoon ? All the time! have been con versing, or trying to converse, you have been gazing intermittently at that door. Are you wanting anything, or is anyone wanting you ?' No, not at all, Crep. You go on talking, I am alright ; I mean what I want will be alright.' 'Tres-bicn, Mdlle. I'll continue at your request. I was going to describe Hamlet to you, wasn't I. ' Yes, I think you were.' ' I suppose it was about two years since the affair was given here. It was played by a man named Davenport, and my word he was the fellow who could play it. He had physique, gesture, and dramatic psychology combined, and he could carry it out to per fection. Although the thing was produced previously the newspapers and journalistic reports tell us that, notwithstanding its sub jection to frequency, it gained the same amount of approval, commendation, and recognition.' 'What qualities characterised it ?' ' Of course, it was a production of numer ous scenes of diversified merriment and solemnity, with sadness and gaiety, as . Shakespeare puts it in his prelude to the play. It also includes didactic observations, melancholy, not strained by poetical vio lence above the natural sentiments of man. I must say a few praiseworthy words in favor of Mr Davenport, on whom the work or part of Hamlet was conferred. Mr Da venport's pourtrayal of the role, of course this is what I think, was one of the best ;> his assumed madness, in conjunction with the impersonation of the blustering lord, were carried out with vigor, lustre, and vitality.' ' How did he manage the soliloquy of " To be, or not to be ?" I have often heard of that passage being used in society,' she enquired, interjectingly. Well, his monologue was very good, save one defect in regard to laxity of spontaneity. His supplication to his mother for mercy was no doubt staunch and well- meaning, but his physique and chiselled face marred the originality of the part.' ' Isn't there a part of a ghost in it, Mons- Spottles, my love ?' My love, Crepin medi tated, I suppose it's the fault again. ' Yes, Y — es, there is a ghost, and a little credit reflected thereon would be creditable and commendable. The impersonation being difficult to pourtray, it seems to necessarily follow, in my idea, perhaps a few of my readers may think so, too, of passing criticism. In my opinion it was an exceedingly difficult part indeed — if I am permitted to enunciate — in this regenerate age or generation is very much fitted to be subjected to the ribald laughter of the scoffer, but, although it was a painstaking — a necessity — work, it was judiciously and duly mastered at the hands of Mr Sheffield.1 'But, how did you understand their language, pray, Mons. Spottles ?' queried Mdlle. Mavis. Were not they speaking English ?' ' Well, yes, they were.1 ' I suppose you understand it ?' ' Yes, I do.1 ' I was wondering how you were able to see an English company at the Franco Lyceum and be able to appreciate it. I think you were made for an author, you seem to be able to describe things very fluently, and, apart from that, you seem to be conversant with all theatrical news. Perhaps,. Crepin, you would make a good poet. Do you know anything of poetry ?' ' All that 4 know, Mdlle. Mavis, is that, that ' ' Well, what ? Mons. Spottles.1 ' I used to say it sometimes to young ladies only, but as you are not a young lady, of course, it is not altogether ap plicable.1 ' Never mind, I'm not insulted in the least, not at all, in fact, I am quite taken up with you. and we will be one some day, at a time when a bond completes our being ; but, not culminated by bondage, you can play the piano, Mons. Spottles,' as Mdlle. Mavis strove to the door to call the other mesdemoiselles and elders into the chamhre where we had been sitting. 'I would rather not if you could excuse me. I am not Ai, and, in fact, I am bash ful.' ' I am going to knock that bashfulness out of you, Mons. Spottles. When I first came here, I was told by a cer tain individual that you were com ing, and that you were a very clever fellow, a bit of a genius, and you were about to give us a lecture here on some subject selected by you, but you lacked one defect, and that was bashfulness, and I was elected the one to displace and dismantle it. Come on, mes mademoiselles, Mons Spottles is going to give us a song, together with an accompaniment on the piano, all by himself,' as she quickly waltzed to the piano, opened the lid, raised the stand, and placed the Canterbury in readiness for his selection of music. ' Who is Mons Spottles ?' enquired one in wonderment as she stretched her neck above another to see the gentleman. ' There he is.1 ' Ha, ha. It's Crepin Melrose, and I suppose Therese Mavis has been calling him Spottles. What a name. Never mind, girls, there's nothing in a name, nothing at all.' Crepin, or Spottles as she called him, did not want music, he had it all in his 'noddle,' to vulgarise the term. He had been study ing at the French conservatorium of singing and music ior, the last six years, and could readily play and sing anything when called upon. He could improvise a church hymn for a cantata or a.% Christmas lestival, and . wheu a concert was to be tendered to any prima donna of the town, which was usually given at the concert hall in the Boulevard's Terrace, he would most willingly and un- reluctandy give his much looked for ser vices. You might see his name marked on to give a song or a pianoforte solo, or a solo on the harp. So metimes a recitation or a lecturette on botany or other subject, per haps he would have a sheet erected and do a bit of caricaturing, which was always appreciated by the audience gathered. ' We are all waiting, Mons Melrose, for your pianoforte solo.and song,' shouted a few mortals of 16 or 17 years, who sat com fortably seated on a lounge opposite the window of the room. ' Well, I was going to give you an Eng lish version of the song, but as you are all French people, it would hardly be suitable," ' No, it wouldn't,' ejaculated an old gent of 50, a little beyond the confinas of matri mony, to be replaced by bachelorship. ' I, as a rule, run over the scale prepara tory to making a start, so I hope you will excuse me, and not at all engender your displeasure, anxiety, and patience. As a matter of fact I am told that you are a parti cularly patient lot.' ' Is there a possibility, Mons Melrose, of our chiming in the chorus,' intarjected one. ' If you feel that way disposed," responded Crepin, rather sarcastically, which is one too infrequent with clever fellows. What is the name, pray,' whispered Mdlle Mavis, who sat in close proximity to to the musician. ' Announce it as " Bergeronnette, or the Wagtail," as the Englishman calls it.-' ' Madames, mademoiselles, and monsieurs, Mons Crepin Melrose is about to sing his song entitled " Bergeronnette." ' This was the announcement put forth by Mdlle Mavis. And the music pealed forth, as Addison puts it — ' Music is the only sensual gratification which mankind can indulge in to success, without being pernicious to the mind.' The piece was played with judgment and feeling, and the fingering was simply splendid, at least, so said one of the mesdemoiselles when speaking to Mdlle. Mavis an hour later. When Crepin Mel rose had finished — of course, dear reader, I shall remind you that he frequently in dulged in the interpolation of intermettzos, which gave the item a sort of an improvised flourish — he was greeted by a great ovation from the persons present. I personally knew it '.vas a triumph, as there was great chattering, gesture, and comment passed between the lips of male and female, per haps they would be apostrophising, perhaps speaking in triumphal exultation of the song. However, it was not long before, alter several other items had been given, one by Mdlle. Mavis herstlf, by the way, on the mandoline and then the guitar, I was called upon for a repeat.' ' Monsieur Melrose, I should be glad, in fact I am asked by Madame Perrot if you could and would oblige her with that song of yours again, if itisonlytbe first verse,' asked a slim dame of 30 years. ' I will give you the first verse and a fresh one, if that will be satisfactory ?' ' Madame Perrot says she shall be glad to hear even the first and the last.' ' Very well, very well,' and with this con sent he started to finger the next two verses. 'Mcvci, Monsieur Melrose!' exclaimed Madame Perrott. 'I am indeed thankful to you for your so gratuitous repetition of your song. What was the name ?' ' Bergeronnette !' 'I think this is the first occasion on which I have had the pleasure of your company here. Is it not.' ' I really couldn't tell you. I think so, but although it is the first, it is not going to be the last, at least I hope not. Probably Mdlle Mavis and I will pay you a visit to morrow at your residence at the Springs.' 'About what time, Monsieur Melrose ?' ' Say 3.15. Is that opportune?' ' Most convenient. So Monsieur Melrose I'll leave you now, and live in expectancy of you to-morrow.' 'Yes, you can rest assured ol our visit.' It was fairly late in the evening when i. left Madame Perrot, and as her coach had been waiting, I could see that it was not necessary for me to worry myself as to her safe arrival at her house, so I made strides for bed to rest the body of the wearisome. CHAPTER VIII. It had been arranged by the Brahmiers for a trip to the Ecole polytechnique. I bad heard several mentions of their intended visit, at the tea and dinner table, and at our dainty dejeuners subsequent to our morning six o'clock sea baths, but I was not quite sure of its credulity. Six had struck this morning, and the alarm clock had been, as per usual, in the captain's room. The rea son we called him captain was because he headed the club of Brahmiers in their no madic lives, and to show and evidence the fact to strangers he wore a cap trimmed with the necessary stars and stripes, and etceteras that usually adorn men of rank. It was 6 o'clock, and there was great helter skelter in the Grand, all in haste to catch the omnibus to the baths. I quickly dressed myselt, haphazardly slipped into my pyjama coat, placed on my golloshes, and landed in the bus with the others who were waiting. 'We must have a quick bath this morn ing, boys,' because I have made arrange ments with Monsieu Spandeau, the phreno logist and naturalist at the Ecole polytech nique, for a lecture at 10, and he is going to give us a practical one on phrenology, and I think, if you are so disposed, I will have some of . you read. I think it will be in the Botanic Dissecting Theatre, so old boys look spruce.' In the meautime we had had our baths and were each on the landing using the towels with all haste, in the endeavor of a sort of a finale to ouraJ fresco. I had left 10 minutes before the others, as I wanted to see this phrenologist who ever he was. The boys had arrived not long after, and as Alec Stoffel had his room betwixt mine and another, I slipped in and had a word or two before breakfast. ' Alec !' 'Yes, Crep.' What's up now? Have you been down for a bath ?' ' Yes, I was, but I left two or three minutes earlier, and I wanted to get ready for that phrenologist at the Ecote poly technique.' ' Oh, he will be nothing, Crep. Why, you could run him out yourself, although he has more experience than you, perhaps. However, come on down to breakfast, and talk about that after. I think it starts at 10 o'clock, so there is plenty of time. Tres-bein, Alec.' We had the usual diet for breakfast, and not being particularly hungry, I dwelt in the satisfaction of a morsel of cake and a cup of coffee. ' Won't you have anything eise ?' asked tha servant with a castaway titter, as she passed some plates to those who wanted them. ' No, thank you ; but bring me a glass of sherry, sil vous plaet, medium glass, that's all. You will have to make haste, boys. I want to be over there before ten, if possible, in fact I should like all of you to be there,' exclaimed the captain, as he made an endeavour to leave the table. ' Trcs bien, captain, tres bien,' they all shouted, ' we will be with yon ere three seconds.' Is the landau ready, captain ?' ' Everything, Crep. I have got in four horses this morning, and I think they will convey us thither in a very short time.' The rugs and coats and a tew rolls of I paper were tossed under the seats, and six of us rolled into the landau, and with the captain at the helm we were soon got a-going. TO BE CONTINUED. 