TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS PLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE | LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. " AN AWFUL SIGHT. ' While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jar vis, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffer ing terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, how ever, reports began to be circulated in the neigh borhood that Mr. Jar vis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurablemalady. It was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was dispatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45, Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. T'hos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one or the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and 'bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that lie was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said :—" You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?'. "Well, twelve months iigo I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath' in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet. at the Glebe Island." "What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I Had-no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep). On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and lie told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable In stitutions." "Did you make use of the order 1" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Eive weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a ques tion of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. _ He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or pro gressive . locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movements. He told mo that I might last 10 years and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his leg about with energy to show that medical opinion is not in fallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, 1 grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure ef fected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the Australian WorkmanK by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I deter mined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there? They are nerfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." "He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on hor knees. " The Dr. Williams' Pink "Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that dav than he did a fortnight previous. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer, need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. . My being about again has caused quite a sensa tion out here." Such is this _ remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cure3 wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an im poverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appe tite, shortness of breath, paius in the back, nervous headache. &c.; Mr. J. S. T. McGowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was.seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case-of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. McGowen says he has known Jarvis from in fancy. He also knew that bo had to give up his work at Glebe Island - abattoirs twelve months ago owing-to a malady which he de veloped. He. afterwards heard that Jarvis was fced-ridden, and there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was re fused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. McGowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at "the com plete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's-plaee. Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of "stamps or y»st order, one box for 2s. [id., or half-dozen for los. 3d. See that the genuine Dr. "Wil liams'are gotten. The council of the Adelaide University, at its meeting on Friday afternoon, considered the question of the appointment of teachers for the Conservatorium of Music, and it was resolved to invite applications in England for the toacher of singing. Miss Guli. Hack, A.E.C.M., was appointed extra teacher of singing, and the undermentioned were ap pointed extra teachers if required—Madame Durand, Miss Elsie Jefferis, A.R.C.M., Miss F, \V. Campbell, Mus. Bac., and Mr. J. M. Dunn; organ, Mr. Dunn and Mr. E. Harold Davies, Mus. Bae.; class singing, Messrs. Davies and E. E. Mitchell; and elementary theory classes, Mr. Davies. Tho regulations for the conservatorium, submitted by the . Board of Musical Studies, were adopted. 