LOST FOR LOVE. CHAPTER I. ? HISS Jl'GKEGOIt AT. HOME. It was a foggy night in Speckporfc. There ?was nothing uncommon in its being foggy this close May evening ; but it was rather provoking and ungallant of thd clerk of the . weather, seeing that Miss McGregor par ticularly desired it to be fine. Miss Jeannette {she had been christened plain Jane, but scorned to answer to anything .so unro mantic) — Miss Jeannette McGregor was at homo to- night to all the elite of Speckport; and as a good many of tho elite owned no. other conveyance than that which Nature had given them, it was particularly desirable the weather bhould be fine. But it wasn't fine ; it was nasty and drizzly, and sultry and foggy ; and sky and sea wero blotted out ; and the gaslamps sprinkled through the sloggy streets of Speckport blinked feebly through the gloom ; and people buttoned up to the chin and wrapped in cloaks flitted by each other like phantoms, in the pale blank of wet and fog. And half tho year round-tliat is the sort of weather they enjoy in Speekporfc. Tou don't know Speckport! There Ihave the advantage of you, for I know its whole history, past, present, , and — future, I was going to say, though I don't set up for a prophet ; but the future of Speckport does not seem hard to foretell. The Union-jack floats over it, the State of Maine is its next door neighbour, and fish and fog are its prin cipal productions. It also had the honour of producing Miss McGregor, who was born one other foggy night, just two-o nd-t wenty years previous to this ' At Home' — to which you and I are going presently — in a dirty little black street, which she scorns to know even by namo now. Two-and-twenty years agp, Sandy McGregor worked as a day-labourer in a ship-yard, at three and six-pence per day. Now, Mr. Alexander McGregor is a ship builder, and has an income of ten thousand gold dollars per year. Not a millionaire, you know ; but very well off and very comfortable, and very contented ; living in a nice house, nicely furnished, keeping horses and carriage, and very much looked up to, and very much respected in Speckport. Speckport lias its Fifth avenue as well at? New York. Not that tlioy call_ it Fifth ave 'nue, you understand ; its name is Golden row, and the abiders therein are-made of the porce ; lain- of human clay. Great people, magnates I and aristocrats to their finger-tips, scorning the pigmies who move in second and third society and have only the happiness of walk ing through Golden row, never of dwelling there. The houses were not brown-stone fronts. Oh, no! there were half a -dozen brick buildings, some pretty, little Gothic cottages, with green vines, and bee-hives, and bird- houses, about them, and all the rest were great painted palaces of wood. Some had green shutters, and some had not; some were painted white, and some brown, and some stone-colour and drab, and they all had a glit tering air of spickspan-newness about them, as if their owners had them painted every other week. And in one of these palaces Mr. McGregor lived* You drove down Golcten row through the fog and drizzle, between tho blinking lamps, and you stop at a stone-coloured house with a brown hall-door, and steps going up to it. The hall is brilliant with gas, so is the draw ing-room ; so are the two parlours, so is the dining-room ; so are the dressing rooms ; and the elite of Speckport are bustling and jostling one another about, and making considerable noise, and up in the gallery tho band is in full blast at the ' Lancers' — for they know how to dance the Lancers in Speckport — and the young ladies dipping and bowing through the . intricacies of the dance, wear their dresses just as low in the neck and as short in the sleeves as any Piftb avenue bello dare to do. Very pretty girls tliev are, floating about in all tho colours of the rainbow. There am no ? diamonds, perhaps, except glass ones; but there are gold chains' and crosses, and bracelets, and lockets and things ; and some of the young ladies havo rings right up to tho middle joint of their fingers. The young gentlemen wear rings, too, and glittering shirt studs and bosom pins, and are good-looking and gentle manly. Whilo the young folks dance, the old folks play wall-flower or cards, or tako snuff or punch, or talk politics. All the juvenile rag, tag and bobtail of Speckport are outside, gaping up with open- mouthed admiration at tho blazing front of the McGregor mansion, and swallowing the music that floats through the open windows. Sailing along Golden row, with an umbrella up to protect her bonnet from tho fog, comes a tall lady, unprotected and alone, and ?' There's Miss Jo, hurrah !' yellsashrill voice ; and the tall lady receives her ovation with a gratified face ; and bows as she steps 0V6r the McGregor threshold. Ten minutes later, she enters the drawing-room, divested of her wrappings ; and you see she is elderly and angular, and prim and precise, and withal good-natured. Sho is sharp at the joints and shoulder-blades, and her black silk dress is hooked up behind in tho fashion of twenty yours ago. Sho wears no crinoline, and looks :about as graceful asa lamp-post; but she is fearfully and wonderfully fine, with a massive ?gold chain about her neck that would have made a ship's cable easily, and a cross and a loclcct- clattering from it, and beating time to hor movements on a cameo brooch the sizo of a dinner plate. Ear-drops, a finger- longth ? long, danglo from her cars ; cameo bracelets adorn hor skinny wrists ; and her hair, of which sho has nothing to speak of, if) worn in little corkscrew curls about her sallo-jv face. Miss Johanna Blako is an old maid ; and looks liko it ; sho is also an oxilo of Erin, and .ihe most iuvotorato gossip in Speckport. A tremendous uproar greets her as she enters the drawing room and she stops in con siderable consternation. In a recess near the door is a card table, round which four elderly ladies and four elderly gentlemen sat, with a laughing crowd looking on from behind. The card party were in a violently agitated and excited state, all screaming out together at the top of the gamut. Miss Jo swept on in majestic silcnce, nod ding right and left as she streamed down the apartment to where Mrs. McGregor stood, with a little knot of matrons around her— a lady as tall as Miss Jo herself, and over so much stouter, her fat faco hot and flushed, and weilding a fan ponderously, as if it wore a ton weight. Mrs. McGregor, during forty years of hor life, had been a good deal more familiar with scrubbing brushes than fans ; but you would not think so now, maybe, if you saw her in that purple satin dress and gold watch, her fat hands flashing with rings, and that bewildering combination of white lace and ribbons on her head. Her voice was as loud as her style of dress, and she shook Miss Jo's hand as if it had been a pump handle. ' And how do you do, Miss Blake, aiid whatever on earth kept you till this hour ? I was just saying to Jeannette, a while ago, I didn't believe you were going to come at all.' ' I could not help it,' said Miss Jo, ' Val didn't comc home till late, and then I had to stop and find him his things. You know, my dear, what a trouble men are, and that'Yal beats them all. Has everybody come ?' ' I think so ; everybody but your Yal and the Marshes. Maybo my lady is in one of her tantrums, and wont let Natty come at all. Jeannette is all but distracted. Natty 's got lots of parts in them things they're having — tab- lets — no ; tableaux, that's the name, and they can never get on without her. Jeannette's gone to look for Sandy to send him up to Redmon to see. ' I say, Miss Jo, how do you find yourself this evening ?' exclaimed a spirited voice behind her; and Mrs. McGregor gave a little, yelp of . delight as she saw who it was — a voung man, not more than twenty, perhaps, very good looking, -with bright gray eyes, fair hair, and a sunny smile. He was holding out a hand, small and fair as a lady's, to Miss Blake, who took it and shook it heartily. . ' Jo's very well, thank you, Mr. Charles. How is your mamma-this evening?' , ' She was all right when I left home. Is Val here ?' 'Not yet. Have you just come ?' The young gentleman nodded, and was turning away, but Mrs. McGregor recalled him. ' Isn't your mother coming, Charley ?' 'No, she can't,'' said Charley.1 ' The new teacher's como, and she's got to stay with her. She told me to bring her apologies.' The ladies were all animation directly. The now teacher ! What was she like. When did she come ? Was she young ? Was she pretty ? Did she seem nice ? ' I didn't see her !' said Charley, lounging against a sofa and flapping his gloves about. ' Didn't see her ! I thought you said she was in your house ?' cried Mrs. McGregor. ' So she is. I mean I didn't see her face. She bad a thick veil on,' and kept it down, and I left two or three minutes after she came.' ' She came to Speckport in this evening's boat, then ?' said Miss Jo. ' What did she wear ?' Charley was bowing- and smiling to a pretty girl passing on her partner's arm. Mrs. McGregor nodded, and Charley sauntered off. The two ladies looked after him. 'What a nice young man that Charley Marsh is !' exclaimed Miss Jo, admiringly; ' and so good-looking, and so steady, and so good to his mamma. You won't find many like him nowadays.' Mrs. McGregor lowered hgr voice to a mysterious whisper. ' Do you know, Miss Jo, they, say he goes after that Cherrie Nettleby. Do you hear it ?' 'Fiddlestick!' said - Miss Jo, politely. ' Speckport's got that story out, has it ? I don't believe a word of it !', ' Here's Yal !' cried Mrs. McGregor, off on a new tack ; ' and, my patience ! what a swell he's got with him !' Miss Jo looked round. Coming down the long room, together were two young men, whose appearance created a visible sensation — one of them, preposterously tall and tliin, with uncommonly long legs and arms — a veritable Shanghai — was Mr. Valentine Blake, Miss Jo's ' brother and sole earthly relative. Ho looked seven-and-twenty, was carelessly dressed, his clothes hanging about him any way — not handsome, but with a droll look of good humour about liis face, and a roguish twinkle in, his eyes that would have redeemed a plainer countenance. His companion was a stranger, and it was he who created the sensation, not easy Val. Mrs. McGregor had called, liim a 'swell,' but Mrs. McGregor was not a very refined judge. He was dressed well, and he looked a thorough gentleman. A very handsome one, too, with dark curling hair, dark, bright, and handsome eyes, a jotty moustache on his lip, and a flashing diamond ring on his finger. He and Yal look about the same age. No wonder the apparition of so distinguished looking a stranger in Mrs. McGregor's. draw- ing-room should Croats a buzzing among the Speckport bon ton. ' My goodness !' cried Mrs. McGregor, all in a flutter. ' Whoever can he be ? He looks like a soldier, don't he ?' ' There came a regiment from Halifax this ! morning,' said Miss Jo. 'Hero's Yal bring ing him up.' Mr. Val was presenting him even while she spoke. ' Captain Cavendish, Mrs. McGregOr; of the — th,' aud then the captain was bowing profoundly ; and the lady of the mansion was returning it, in a violent trepidation and tremor, not knowing in tho least what she was expected 'to say to so distinguished a visitor. But relief was at hand. Charley Marsh was beside them with a young lady on his arm — a young lady best described by that odious word ' genteel.' Sho was not pretty ; sho was sandy-haired and freckled, but sho was the daughter of tho house, and as such, demanding attention. Val introduced tho captain directly, and Mrs. McGregor breathed freely again. r. ' Look hero, Val !' sho whispered, catching him by tho button, 'who is he, anyway?' Val lowered his voice and looked round him cautiously. 'Did you ever hear of the Marquis of Ca rrabas, Mrs. McGregor 'No — yes — I don't ' remember. Is ho an English nobleman ?' ' A very great nobleman, ma'am ; famous in history as connected with the cat- trade, and Captain Cavendish is. next heir to the title. Mrs. Marsh can tell you all about the Marquis ; can't she, Charley ?' Charley, who was ready to burst into a fit of laughter at, Mrs. McGregor's open-mouthed awe, took hold of the arm of a feebleminded looking young gentleman, whose freckled features, sandy hair, and general resemblance to the family, proclaimed him to be Mr. Alexander McGregor, junior, and walked him off. ' And he came from Halifax this evening, Val ?' Mrs. McGregor asked, gazing at the young Englishman in the same state of awe and delight. 'Yes,' said Val, 'it was there I got acquainted with him first. I met him on my way here, and thought you would not be offended at the liberty I took in fetching him along.' 'Offended! My dear Val, you couldn't have pleased me better if you had been trying for a week. A Markis and a Captain in the Army ! Why, its the greatest honour, and I'm ever so much obliged to you. I am, indeed !' ' All right,', said Val. ''Speckport will bo envious enough, I dare say, for it's not every place he'll go to, and all will want him. You'll lose Jane if your not careful, though— see how he's talking to her.' Mrs. McGregor's eyes were dancing-in her head. A dazzling vision rose before her — her daughter a Marchioness, living in a castle, dressed in satin' and diamonds the year round ! She could have hugged Val in her rapture ; and Val reading some such idea in her beaming face, backed a little, in some alarm. ' I say, though, wasn't there to be tableaux pr something!' he inquired. 'When are they coming off ?' ' ' As soon as Natty Marsh gets here ; they can't get on without her.' ' What keeps her ?' asked Val. ' The new teacher's come to Mrs. Marsh's, Charley says, and Natty is stopping in to see her. There's the captain asking Jeannette to dance.' So he was; and Miss Jeanette, with a gratified simper, was just laying her kidded fingers inside his coatsleeve, when her brother came breathlessly up. ' Look here, Janie ! you'd better not go off dancing,' was his. cry, ' if you mean to have' those tableaux to-night. Natty's come.' CHAPTER II. LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT. Mrs. McGregor's drawing-room was empty. Everybody had flpeked into the front parlour and arranged themselves on seats there to witness the performance; that is to say, everybody who had no part in the proceed ings. Most of the young people of both sexes were behind' the ?solemn green curtain, with its row of footlights, that separated the two rooms, dressing for their parts. The old people were as much interested in the pro ceedings as the young people, for their sons and daughters were the actors and actresses. \- Captain Cavendish' and Mr. Val Blake oc cupied a front seat. Val had a part assigned him ; but it did not come ? on for some time, so he was playing spectator now. 'I saw you making up to little Jane, Cavendish,' Val was saying, sotto voce, for Miss Janie's mamma sat near. ' Was it a case of love at first sight ?' ' Miss McGregor is not very pretty,' said Captain Cavendish, moderately. 'Who was that young lady with tho red cheeks and bright eyes I saw you speaking to, just' before we came here ?' ' Red cheeks and bright eyes !' repeated Val, putting on his considering cap, ' that description applies to half the girls of Speck port: What had she on ?' Captain Cavendish laughed. ' Would any one in the world but Val Blake ask such a- question? She had on a pink dress, and had pink and white flowers in her hair, and looked saucy.' ' Oh, I know now !' Val cried, with a flash of recollbction; 'that was Laura Blair, ono of the nicest little girls that ever sported crinoline ! Such a girl to laugh, ^ou know !' ' She looks it ! Ah ! up you go !' This apostrophe was addressed to tho cur tain, .which was rising as he spoke. There was a general fluttor, and settling in seats to look ; tho orchestra pealed forth and tho first tableau was revealed. It was very pretty, but very common — ' Rebecca and Rowenai'' Miss Laura Blair was Rowena, and a tall brunette was Rebecca. Theaudienco applauded, as in duty bound, and tlio curtain foil. The second was ' Patienco' — ' Patience on a monument smiling at Griof.' On a high pedestal stood Miss Laura Blair, again, draped in a whito sheet, liko a ghost, hor hair .all loose about her, and an azure girdlo ail over spangles ' clasping her waist. At thefootof the pedestal crouched Grief, in i strange, distorted attitude of pain. The face of tho performer was hidden in her bands ; her black ^ garments falling heavily iround her, her hair unbound, too, her whole i manner expressing despair, as fully as attitude sould express it. The music seemed changing to a wail ; the effect of the whole was perfect. 'What do you think of that?' said Yal. ' Very good,' said Captain Cavendish. ' If* goes considerably ahead of anything I had expected. Patience is a very nice-looking girl.' ' And isn't she jolly ? She's dying 'to shout out this minute ! 1 should think the glare of these footlights would force her eyelids open.' 'Who is Grief ?' ' Miss Catty Clowrie — isn't there music in that name ? She makes a very good Grief — looks as if sho had supped soitow in spoon fuls.' ' Is she pretty ? she won't let us see her face.' 'Beauty's a matter of taste,' said Yal, ' perhaps you'll think her pretty. If you do, you will be the only one who ever thought the like. She is ? a nice little girl, though, is Cattie — the double-distilled essence of good nature. Down goes the curtain?' It rose next on a totally different scene, and to music solemn and sad. The stage was darkened, and made a much as possible to re semble a convent cell. The walls were hung with religious pictures and statues, a cover less deal table held a crucifix, an open missal, and a candle which flared and guttered in the draft. jOn a prie-dieu before the table a figure knelt— a nun, eyes uplifted, the young face, quite colourless, raised, the hands holding her rosary, clasped.in prayer. It was Evangeline — beautiful, broken-hearted Evangeline — the white face, the great dark lustrous eyes full of unspeakable woe. Fainter, sweeter and sadder the music wailed out; dimmer and dimmer paled tho lights; all hushed their breathing to watch. The kneeling figure never moved, the face looked deadly pale by the flickering candle-gleam, and slowly the curtain began, to descend. It was down; tha tableau was over ; the music ceased, but for. a second or two not a sound was to be heard. Then a tumult of applause broke out raptur ously, and ' Enoore, encore!' twenty voices cried, in an ecstasy. Captain Cavendish turned to Val with an enthusiastic face. ' By George, Blake ! what a beautiful girl ! Evangeline herself was never half so lovely. Who is she ?' '.That's Natty,' said Val, with composure. ' Charley Marsh's sister.' '1 never saw a lovelier face in my life ; Blake, you must give me an -introduction as soon as these tableaux are over.' ' All right ! But you needn't fall in love with her — it's of no use.' ' Why isn't it ?' -, ' Because the cantankerous old toad who owns her will never lei her get married.' ' Do you mean her mother ?' 'No, I don't, she doesn't live with her mother. And, besides, she has no room in her heart for any one* but Charley. She idolizes him !' ' Happy fellow ! that Evangeline was perfect. I never saw anything more ex quisite.' ' I don't believe Longfellow's Evangeline was half as good-looking as Natty,' said Val.' ' Oh ! there she is again !'? Val stopped talking. The curtain had arisen oh an old scene — ' Rebecca at the well.' Evangeline had transformed herself into a Jewish maiden in an incredibly short space of time, and stood with her pitcher on Ssr shoulder, looking down on Eleazer at her feet. Sandy McGregor was Eleazer, and a sorry Jew he made, but nobody except his mother looked at him. Like a young queen Rebecca stood, her eyes fixed on the bracelets and rings, her hair falling in .a shower of golden bronze ripples over her bare white shoulders. Ono would have expected black hair with those luminous dark eyes, but no ebon tresses could have been half so magnificent as that waving mass of darkened gold. 'Nice hair, isn't it?' whispered Yal. 'Natty's proud of her hair and her voice beyond anything. . You ought to hear her sing !' 'She sings well!' Captain Cavendish asked, his eyes fixed as if fascinated on the beautiful face. ' Like another Jenny Lind J She leads the choir up there in the cathedral, and plays the organ besides.' Captain Cavendish had a pretty pink half blown ivose in' his button-hole. He took it out and flung it at her feet as the curtai:? was going ' down. He had time to see her bright dark eye turn upon it, then with a little pleased smile over the spectators in quest of the donor, and then that envious green curtain hid all again. ' Very neat and appropriate,' criticised Val. ' You're not going to wait for the introduction to begin your love- passage, I see, Captain Cavendish.' The captain laughed. 'Nothing like taking time by the forelock, my dear fellow. I will never be able to thank you sufficiently for bringing me here to night !' 'You don't say so!' exclaimed Val, opening his oyes ; ' you never mean to say you're in love already, do you ?' ' It's something very like it, then. Where aro you going ?' / . - 'Behind the scenes/' The next is 'Jack and the Beanstalk,' and they want me for the beanstalk,' said Val, complacently, as liis long legs strode over the carpet on his way to the back parlour. ^ There wero over so many tableaux after that. Captain Cavendish, impatient and fidgety, wondered if they would ever end. Perhaps you don't believe ih love at first sight, dear reader mine ; perhaps 'I don't myself ; but Captain Cavendish, of Her Most Gracious Majesty's — th Regiment of Artillery, did, and had fallen in love at first sight at leapt a dozen times within quarter that number of years. Captain Cavendish had to exercise tho virtue of patienco for another half-hour, and then tho end came. In flocked the performers, in laughing com motion, to find themselves surrounded by the rest, and showered with congratulations. Captain Cavendish stood apart, leaning against a fauteuil, stroking his moustache thoughtfully, aiid looking on. Looking on one face and form only of all tho dozens be fore liim ; a form tall, tailor than tho average height, slendor, graceful, and girlish as became its owner's eighteen years ; and a face inex pressibly lovely in tho garish gaslight. There was nobility as well. as beauty in that classic profile, that broad brow ; fire in thoso laughing blue eyes, so dark that you nearly mistook them for black ; resolution in those moulded lips, tho sweetest that ever wore kissed. The hair alone of Nathalie Marsh would have made a plain face pretty ; it hung loose over her shoulders as it had done on tho stage, reach ing to her waist, a cloud of spun gold, half waves, half curls, half yellow ripples. Few could have worn this hair liko that, but it was eminently becoming to Nathalie, whom everything became. Her dress was of rose color, of a tint just deeper than the rose I color in her cheeks, thin and flouting, and sho was entirely without ornament. A half-brown rose was fastened in the snowy lace of her corsage, a rose that had decked the buttonhole of Captain Cavendish half an hoiy^boforc. Val espied him at last and came over. ' Aro you making a tableau of yourself,' he asked, ' for a certain pair of bright eyes to admire ? I saw them wandering curiously this way two or tlireo times since we came in.' 'Whose were they?' ' Miss Nathalie Marsh's. Come and be in troduced.' ' But she is surrounded.' ' Never mind, they'll make way for you. Stand out of the way, Sandy. Lo ! tho con quering hero comes ! Miss Marsh, let me present Captain Cavendish, of the -th ; Miss Marsh, Captain Cavendish.' The music at that instant struck up a delicious waltz. Mr. Val Blake, without ceremony, laid hold of the nearest young lady he could grab. ' Come, Catty ! let's take a twist or two. That's it. Cavendish ! follow in our wake !' For Captain Cavendish, having asked Miss Marsh to waltz, was leading her off, and re ceived the encouraging nod of Yal with an amused smilo. ' What a character he is !' he said, looking after Val, spinning around with considerable more energy than grace ; ' the most uncere monious and best natured fellow in existence.' The young lady laughed. ' Oh, everybody likes Val. Have you known him long !' ' About a year. I have seen him in Halifax frequently, and we are the greatest friends, I assure you. Damon and Pythias were nothing to us !' ' It is something new for Mr. Blake to be so enthusiastic, then. Pythias is a new role for him. I. hope he played it better than ho did Robert Bruce in that horrid tableau awhile ago.' They both laughed at the recollection. Natty scented her rose. i ' Someone threw me this. Gallant, was'nt it? I love roses.' 'Sweets to the pweet ! Iam only sorry I had not something more worthy ' Evangeline,' than that poor little flower.' 'Then it was you, I thought so! Thank you for the rose and the compliment. One is as pretty as the other.' She laughed saucily, her bright eyes flash ing a dangerous glance at him. Next instant they were floating round, and round, aud round ; and Captain Cavendish began to think the world must be a great rose garden, and Speckport Eden, since in it he had found his Eve. Not quite his yet, though, for the mo ment the waltz concluded, a dashing and dangerously good-looking young fellow step ped coolly up and boro her off. Yal having given his partner a finishing whirl, into a seat, left her there, and came up, wiping his face. (To be continued.) 