THE LAST OF CLANCY'S GHOST. By Paul Twyford. " Seen a ghost, Bill ?" " Well I dunno - I seed summat." " So I should say, for thee looks as 'ow thee had seen a thousan' blue devils." " No, 'taint that. . . Come an' 'ave a drink ; then we can sit in the verandy an' sun ourselves while I tell thee all about the thing I did see." " Rightho ! lead on Macduff." " D'ye mind Tim Clancey bein' killed in No. 1 shaft, Solitary, las' Christmas ?" " I do." " Well I seed 'n las' night. 'Twor this way ; We'd jes' punched down a hole up on the dry bench, an' Jake Calse - he's my mate - says, ' 'Ere Bill, get thee down the ladder fer a bottle o' water, while I cleans her out." So down I goes, an' jes' as I got to the bottom rung me bloomin' candle slips out o' me 'and, an' there was I in the dark, an' 'avin' to grope along to the well-hole. It didn't matter much, fer I knows me way about purty well ; but jes' as I got ter t'other ladder ter go down, blast me ! if I didn't see Tim a sittin' in the fur corner all in a sort o' phosphorous light - a regular blaze ov it - an' all his pore old 'ead smashed an' bloody, jes' as I seed 'im when we found 'im at the bottom o' the shaft. You bet I didn't get the water, but jes' give another look at 'im ter make sure, an' then I slithered up the ladder an' told Jake.' " An' what did he say ? Did he go an' 'ave a look ?' " No blindin' fear ; but he larfs at me, an' calls me a bloomin' idyut. But s'elp me Gawd, ole man, I seed it safe enough !' " An' you ain't been 'avin' anythin' lately - stronger nor tea I mean ?" " No, not a drop ; for since Tim's deyth I've been almost teetotal." " Well, 'tis strange, that's a fac', but them as knows says there is such things as ghostses, an' tho' I ain't never seed one, I ain't agoin' ter say as 'ow they don't come up an' walk about." " In course not - why should yer ? But lis'en, ole man, I'm ghost 'aunted.' " What ! seed 'm afore ?" " Yes, wuss luck." " You ain't never killed nobody, Bill ?" " No, take it from me, Sam, I never did harm to nobody as I knows on. But all the same the ghostses come arter me. Come closer. I seed one in a claim I was workin' at the Towers. A man got his 'ead hurt by a blow up, while tampin' a charge, an' he died. I seed his ghost a few nights arter jes' as I seed Clancey's las' night ; an' what makes it more curious, is when I seed poor Tim's head, I says to the chaps : 'Why, he's jes' like like the cove what, I seed at the Towers. They larfed, but I've of'en thought ov it as bein' mighty sing'lar.'" " By gosh ! Bill, it is remarkyble, an' no mistake.' " 'Old on a bit, an' 'ear me 'art —an' then ye'll say as 'ow I'm 'aunted." When I was a bit ov a kiddy I went ter sea in a smack sailin' out o' Bideford, an' one night, at Bristol, I slept aboard by myself \- an' that's where I seed 'em furst" - " What, the ghost ?" " Yes, Clancey's - any way, 'twor jes' the same 'ead - an' the same I seed at the Towers." " Sure you ain't been dreamin' those times ?" " Sure an' sartin. I aint kiddin' ye, Sam, but jest tellin' ye Gawd's truth. Listen agin. I was in a brigantine up the straits ; an while lyin' in Barcelona loadin', I seed the same thing agin - an' so did the mate - least ways, he thought he seed it." Now it 'pears to me, Sam, as 'ow I'm in for it ; an' I'm tellin' you all this because I feels a bit uneasy ; an' should anything happen somebody'll know what ter say at the inquest." " Don't talk like that, Bill. Come an' 'ave another, ter wash the bad taste out o' yer month. Strikes me you're agoin' ter be bad - a bit feverish, now I 'spects." * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * A man was found drowned in an old surface working at the back of the Solitary reef. The body was fished out, and the Commissioner held a magisterial inquiry thereon. The head of the deceased miner was frightfully battered, bruised and swollen ; and, only that Bill Bullock was missing no one present would have recognised the body, Bill was missing, however, and someone suggested that it might be him - though the " head of him" was just like poor Tim Clancey's, who was killed a few months before. Just Sam Sheen and Jake Calse came along - and both pronounced the body to be that of Bill Bullock. And Sam up and told the yarn he had heard from Bill only three days before. " That settles it,' said the Commissioner, " Death by suicide while suffering from the effects of D.T." And then all hands heaved a sigh of relief ; had a look at poor Bill lying on a sheet of bark, and then went into the bar to drink to his memory. Bill Bullock was buried, but his ghost never disturbed anyone \- nor did Clancey's turn up again. 