JACOB'S WIFE. (A SENSATIONAL STORY ot REAL LIFE.) '/oBAirTER XXXIII (CONTINUED. ) ' WnAT do l oaro, after all, whether Clarice is found or not ?' said Con stantino Jacobi to himself, savagely, biting at the end of hia cigar, and then throwing it far away over" the parapet of the Thames Embankment, as a sort of relief to his feelings. jLue ecowi mat ne wore upon nis handsome face was anything but pleas- nnt. The oold oast wind had given him a shrivelled, pinohod nppearanao, in spite of tho riohly-furred, warmly, lined ovorcoat whioh ho nffooted in winter, or during tho ohilly breezes of spring. Ho was Buffering, too, from, bodily fatigue ; for he hnd beon busy upon errands for Sir Wilfred, and one or two on bis own aooount, all the previous day and for part of the present- one; and he did not rolish . fatigue or oxertion of any kind, unless it was undergone for the furtherance of his own purposes. On this oocasion he had ohiefly been doing Sir Wilfred's work ; and his nerves were exasperated at the lessening of the nightly doso of opium ; for he hnd|been staying for a couple of days in Gilbert's house, whero he did not think it advisable to procure for himself too deep a sleep by artificial means. ' His night's rest, had, therefore, been much broken ; and "his eyes had tho -jaded look of one who needs a refreshing slum ber. _ But it was not the want of sleep en tirely that gave him so worn an ap- pearanoe,.;. nbr even the ohillinees producod by a strong east wind. He was absorbed in the consideration of facte whioh gavo him real oause for anxiety. He'had just- seen Messrs. Pongelly and Morris, Sir Wilfred's solicitors, on the subjnot of Clarice's disappear ance with Mrs. DanvorH. They had not received Mr. Jacobi very warmly. Old Mr. Pengolly, the head of the firm, had strongly urged upon Sir Wilfred the propriety of waiting .until Olariee was of age before press- iog her marriage ; aad, after tho interrupted wedding, had been fore- most, in ' 'expressing his opinion that Jacobi! ought to . be turned out of the house at once. He, at least, be lieved all the charges that were brought against Jacobi, and offended Sir Wilfred very deeply by snying so. But Mr. Pengelly hnd noted so -long for tho Vanbourough family, and knew so many of their seorets, that the impending quarrel was, by some timely means, averted ; and the old. lawyer devoted himself to the search for the missing girl as if she had been his owu child. CHAPTER xxxtv.' 'HowfiforCaptuiff r"\|a;nbi»rough'1> Pemlly/jajkd i Jaqobi) jr|tlier ab,- rujftly,' htrtne' ofoae "ofthe "long in-' terview. . ' No better.' 'Ah! Not spoken yet.?' 'No.' ; ' ; ' Luoky for you, that accident, was ' it not, Mr. Jacobi?'. . ' I do not understand .you,' said Jacobi, with lowering brows and a snarl like that of a dog preparing to .bite., > , : 1 -'"Dont you1?' (Mr. Pengolly was always very curt with Sir Wilfred's secretary.) ' Well, I suppose he would have had you proaeouted, wouldn't he ?. Mr. Tiemaino's story ib that Geoffrey could givo evidence against you, although his own would have bo legal value. ' Geoffrey Vanborough oould not .prove anything against me with re spect to the marriage, said Jacobi, sullenly.- 'There is nothing to prove. Of oourae, he could swear away ray character if ho ohose.' ' 'Little enough to swear away,' srid the lawyer to himself, as ho watched the changes of hate, and fear, and rage flit like lurid shadows "over'tfie Spaniard's swarthy face and fathomless dark eyes— ' but more than you icau afford to lose, no doubt.' -' Then aloud : 'I suppose that when when he recovers be will bring forward his evidence ?' ' I don't know.' ' There is no other evidence against you ?' ...'There is pone anywhere. ..; 'Oh! But I am informed that Mr. Tremaine is only waiting for the ar rival of a friend from America who is in possession of certain awkward facts ' The lawyer Btopped. Jacobi bad uttered a terrible oath, the like of which had seldom been hoard in 'the respectable offices of Messrs. Pongelly ana Morris. ' My dear sir,' said Mr. Pengelly, putting up hiB hand roprovingly, ' you must not — you must not. If any of my clerks were to hear ! —I assure you, I should feel that my own character was at stake.' For answer, Jaoobi looked him- in the face and swore again, thopch TVit so loudly as before. . . 1 1 ; ' What the dovil do I oare fury ur clerks or your character ?' he said. Mr. Pengolly touched a . bell on his right baud. ' Good-morning, Mr. Jacobi,' ' he said, coolly. ''I will ask Sir Wilfred to send me another messenger next time;' ' Show this gontleman out,' he added, to the clerk who appeared. . ' One minute,' said Jacobi,! re- covering himself. ' I spoke hastity. I apoligiso. -You should make some allcwanoo for a man in my painful position, Mr. Pengolly:' The olork withdrow, in obedionae to a sign from his master, and Mr, Pengelly _ acknowledged the , apology with a stiff bend of the head. ' I am willing to hear anything of importance that you may have to tell me, Mr, Jaoobi,' he said drily. ' Bat I am not. witling to be sworn at in my own office.' 'I lost my temper,' said Jacobi, in n ' conciliatory tone. ' I forgot 'That you were not in South -Amorioa,' said' the lawyer,.? finishing' tho sen'tenco so 'sharply that Jacobi felt .oo'mpeiled to abandon hia own conolusion and to foree a smile. ,Wbat else have you to.'Say, Mr. Jaoobi.' " 'I wkntto know ; whether," in the -event of Mis Vanborough's- return, there would be any legal obstaole to my marriage with her, supposing, of eourso, that nobody openly disputes ' Supposing nobody disputes it ? But somebody has disputed it. 8ir Wilfred oan nover allow the "marriage tri nronanrl tvifhnnfc Aif£incr+hn 'nvMnnnn of your first wife's existenoe, whioh Oaptain Vanborough or Mr. Tremaine may be able to bring- forward. ' There is no evidence for them to bring.' ' So muoh tho better for you,' said Mr. Pengelly, standing up, as a sign that tbe interview was at an end. 'In that ease, Mr. Jacobi, when it is Bhown that there is no such evidenoo, you will be at liberty to marry Miss Van borough (if che is found) whenever she consents to lot you. You know what English law,'ison tho subject of bigamy, I suppose ?' ' There seems no ohanoe of proving tho thing one way or or the other,' said Jacobi, ignoring the question, and taking up his hat with a worn expression, which did not escape the old lawyer's nofoe. ' Evon whon eho is found, am 1 1 > be kept waiting till these men have concoted their story and found somo woman willing to swear that she is my wife ?— although I sow my wife drowned before my very eyes. It is not fair to mo.' ' You ought to know Geoffrey Van borough and Nigel Tremaine better than to apeak of their oonooting a story against you,' said Mr. Pengolly. gravely. 'On ti e production of the evidonoe — whatever it may bo — 3ir Wilfred must doide whether the matter Bhould bo suffered to drop, whether it should go into court, or whfifhflr vnti nlinn)rl Ha nllnma/i fn marry hiB daughter. His present conduct shows great trust in you, and I think — I really do think — that under tlia oiroumB'tnnces you might bd well satisfied.' ' I must bo satisfied, I suppose ' Jaoobi muttered, bitterly, as he took his leave. The old lawyor. stood musing in front of the firo with bis hands behind him for some minutes after Jaeobi's depnrture. ' How muoh truth ib there in his stoiyj wonder !' he said, to himself. ' What is ono to believe? \- 1- wish Sir - Wilfred wero a little less of a fool. As for Gilbert, I think that this rpani Jacobi must hayo got hold , 'qf; homo t-fiandlo ."n'gaihst J him, for the'pnor lad turns as" white "as a; ghost if one hut mentions Jaeobi's name. A week set those Vanborough's, poor Geoffrey as woak as any of them, but a finer fellow than Gilbert by tftr, "for all that. As for Glarioe, I expect wo shall see no more of hor until she has: oomo of age ; though if we do,' ho went on, while the half smile that had irradiated his wrinkled countenance liko a gleam of sunshine gave place to a wintry ' gloom of melanoholy forboding ; 'if wo do, it will bo oither in a madhouse or a grove. ' Poor child ; poor child !' He finished by a sigh and a shake of the head, ns ho returned to his desk. Thero was a mystery surround ing the fate of Olarioe Vanborough, and Mr. Pongelly did no't like mysteries. This conversation sent Jacobi -away in an extremely dissatisfied state of mind. Ho was bound for Gharnwood later in the day ; but he bad an hour to spare, nod employed it in a walk upon tho Embankment. The day was fine, though cold ; tho trees wore bursting into loaf ; the river glittered ; the stone steps and balustrades gloamod almost white in the brilliant spring sunshine. Jacobi plunged his hands into his pockets, and bent his head low to .escupe the outting wind as ho paced along the river'a side absorbed in following out a train of thought that had lately given him some trouble. To be Continued. 