[?] 'AT DAWN AND DUSK,' By VICTOR J. DALEY. 'At Dawn and Dusk' consists of a vol ume of poetry by Victor J. Daley, and the mere fact that the work can be fairly so described constitutes strong claims upon the reading public at a period when so much that is meritorious, ephemeral, and imitative is brought forward under the name of poetry. Not that Mr. Daley's work is all of the highest character, or of equal merit, for there is some that is crude and immature, yet most of it bears the stamp of the true poetic temperament; and whilst the influence of past-masters of the art may be frequently recognised, there; is not wanting a genuine strain of origina.lity, both in conception and execution, which serves to lift the writer above the level of the mere rhymester and poetaster. The collection enables readers t,o form a better idea of Mr. Daley's capabilities and his versatility than isolated pieces in the newspapers can possibly afford, and al though most of the poems in the present volume have thus already appeared sepa rately, the book is welcome as evidence of the range of the author's ideas, and the direc tion in which they show to most advantage. It would be manifestly unfair to judge any aspirant for the poetic mantle by isolated efforts, and Mr. Daley is not only to be applauded for his judgment in republish ing his work in the present form, but may be distinctly congratulated on the result. Moreover, it is, we think, a point in his favor that his poetry is cosmopolitan in sentiment and ideas, though to a large ex tent permeated by Australian character istics and phraseology. Certainly the au thor has avoided that narrowness which, whilst calculated to attract purely provin cial admiration, muat necessarily circum scribe the , sphere in which such poetry could be intelligently appreciated, and would tend to hinder that wider recogni tion of its meaning, which a true poet must always value. There is no local note in 'The Cruise of the In Memoriam,' a weird ballad of ex ceptional power, and almost Coleridgean intensity. Take the following lines : 'What lights are yon?' the captain said; The First Mate answered then: 'No lights that ever shone upon The world of living men.' 'Down on your knees!' the parson cried; 'Thank God, for all is well'; The First Mate laughed; 'Those lights — they are ? The harbor lights of Hell!' On flew the ship; to every lip An ashen pallor came; For all might see that suddenly The sea had turned to flame. The lights were near; the Sea of Fear, Amid the silence dire, '' On that dread shore broke evermore In soundless foam of fire. 'Oh ! what are you, gray ghosts and wan,' The parson cried; 'who seem With colored strings of beads to play As in a dreadful dream?' 'Damned souls!' the First Mate said; 'they sit And count through endless years, . Tho moments of Eternity On beads of burning tears.' 'Then who are you ?' the parson said, '-That talk so free of I-Iell ?' 'My name is Satan,' he replied, 'Have I not steered you well ?' As a contrast may be quoted an extract from 'In a Wine Cellar,' in which the sentiment is distinctively, though not ob trusively, Australian, and developed in a method which is likely to lend it interest to stranger readers. After giving his meed of praise to the products of Spain, France, and Germany, tlie poet says ; 'No vintage alien For thee or me! Our fount Castalian Of poesy Shall wine Australian None other be. %. Then plaoe your hand in - This hand of mine, - And while we stand in . Her brave sunshine Pledge deep our land in Our land's own wine. It has no glamor . ' Of old romance, ? I - Of war,' and amour - In Spain or France.. . It's poets stammer As yet, perchance; But he may wholly Become a seer Who quaffs it slowly; For he shall hear, Though faintly, lowly. Yet sweet and clear. The axes ringing ' On mountain sides, The wool boats swinging; Down Darling tides; The drovers singing Where Clancy rides; The-miners driving, The stockman's strife, All sounds conniving To tell the rife, Rich, rude, strong- striving Australian life.' That Mr. Daley is master of some of the higher flights of the divine art is proven -by his more ambitious efforts, such as ''The Dream of Margaret' and 'Night,' and that he has a true command of pathos is illus trated in 'The Little People,' 'The Dead Child,' and other poems. One quality which will be, perhaps, missed by niany irf perusing a book of modern poetry, is tliafl of: humor, ?which is almost absent from tho author's compositions, the nearest approach thereto being, contained in 'His Mate,' al though, possibly, even here it may have been unintentional. The hero of the poem, Andy Blane, a reprobate swagman, parts with his last drop of water. to a perishing stranger In the Never Never country, and in a dying condition himself, hands hia cheque to 'his mate,' so that he may cash: it at the nearest station, and do with th© money what he likes best at Christmas, and then — The stranger smiling, with a Uttle leaven* Of irony, said : 'Yea, - i But, there, it shall not be. With me taj Heaven, You'll spend your Christmas Day!'- St. Peter stood at the Celestial Portal, Gazing down gulfs of air; When Andy Blane, no longer now a mortal, ' Appeared before him there. . 'What seek'st thou here 1' the saint In ? tone ironic Said. 'Surely the wrong gate; This is for thee.' Andy replied, laconic J 'I want to find my mate.' 1 The gates flew wide. The glory unjbe- holden Of mortal eyes was there. He gazed— this trembling sinner— at tie .. golden . ' Thrones, terrible and fair. And shuddered. Then down through the living splendor : . ? ? Came . One unto the gate, Who said, with outspread hands, in accents * tender : 'Andy, I am your mate !' But Mr. Daley's is above all a cultured and scholarly muse, and he- never descends to mere tricks or trivialities or verbal fireworks for the purposes of effect. This volume is well calculated to raise the stan dard of Australian literature, and inspired the hope that even better things may yet be expected from this gifted author. From the author we have received a very interesting 'brochure entitled 'Some Frag ments of Old Sydney,' gathered by 'Old Chum.' It deals principally with the neighborhood surrounding the site on which in now being built the new premises of the Citizens' Life Assurance Company,, in Castlereagh-street, and the scene of the, great lire of 1800, which incidentally led to the formation of Moore-street. The sketch contains a large amount of historical mat ter connected with the locality in the earlier days, and is illustrated with a photographic view of the ruins after the fire, and an illustration of the 'Citizens'' new offices, There is a copious fund of anecdote concerning old buildings, their owners, and occupants, which serves to make the pamphlet both instructive and entertaining to all who take an in terest in the growth and history of the city. Messrs. M'Carron, Stewart and Co. are the publishers. The 'Windsor' for June is an excep tionally good number, being bulky with picture and letter press. Star items are a serial by that producer of strong literary' food, Guy Boothby, 'Pharos,' and a poem (illustrated) by Kipling. The title of the latter is 'The Destroyers,' being an effort -to .treat the subject of torpedoes and tor pedo vessels in the Kipling vein. The author is scarcely so successful as usual, the work carrying the suggestion of being 'to order.' Amongst a great variety of. other matter one notices 'Some Famous Cricketers,' by C. B. Fry; a 'Suburban Terrace,' by Ethel Turner; 'The Imperial Heritage' (South Africa), by Ernest E. Williams, author of 'Made in Germany'; 'Picturesaue London,' 'Men with Future' (M. Honotaux), &c.; 