m m o? Mil. CHAPTER III. MBS. BALDWIN IiEVIFAVS THE PAST. ? -( FARNELEIGH — If this personal should meet the eye of Madge, daughter of Richard jParneleigli, let her communicate without de lay with Robert Evartson, of No. : ? Broad- 'way, New York City. Her aunt wishes to 2nako restitution to her for past years of neglect.' The paper dropped from Mrs. Baldwin s 3iand, hei lips moved swiftly, though not uttering a sound. 'Why, mamma, what's the matter? You Sook as though you'd seen a ghost, and as if tlie sight of it was going to kill you.' The speaker had entered from the small, dark bedroom where Madge's nights of deep, fatigued sleep were passed. This was Marcia, only daughter of Mrs. Baldwin, and the darling of her heart. She ?was distinctly different from Madge in colour ing, but her pale, blonde beauty impressed -one vividly at first sight. It was only after acquaintance and a thoughtful study of her face that tho sinister lines around the mouth were noted and the secretiveness and discontent in the light blue «yes. As Marcia Baldwin stood in the gray light of the stormy October morning, yawning lazily and looking with amused eyes at her mother's face, it was easy to see that two 'things only could ever stir her heart-satisfied ambition and unbounded love of herself. 'Why didn't you pour out my coffee, you lazy mother?' she asked,. with a pout, as she strolled toward the bed. 'And do tell me ?what has turned you so white ? Come ; 'fess now. Has that little firebrand, Mile. Madge, iieen giving herself airs again ? Has some one teen dunning you for our debts ? It's too early for the landlord's agent to come threatening, so I can't make out what it can possibly be.' ' Oh, you take our debts very lightly, as you do everything, Marcia,' came brokenly ? from Mrs. Baldwin's lips ; ' but I think I ?have news that will startle even you out of yonr languid indifference.' ' Have you ?' asked Marcia, as she s,wung back the long braid of yellow hair she bad been too lazy to comb. 'Well if it's good news, trot it out.' ' Good news ? It's fiendish — it's enough to drive me distracted to think that I've got to .stand by and see that girl — oh, it's monstrous — see her walk on 'the lilies and velvet of life,' while we — but we can't talk of it !' ' Are you going mad, -mother ? What are you driving at ?' came imperiously from Jtarcia's lips, as she paused, the coffee-pot poised in her uplifted hand. ' Read that !' The words came bitterly from Mrs. Bald twin's lips as she pointed to the ' personal' aa Htaring ui;u;tv loners ui- liju iieuu uj. liiu ? newspaper column. - Marcia picked it up, read it, .raised her 'brows and shook her head in a puzzled way. ' It's all Greek to me,' she said, indiffer ently, 'You'll have to furnish. the key to 'this riddle of yours, mamma, if you expect ? mo to understand it,' and she continued pouring out her coffee. 'Who is Madge 'jParneleigb, and what have we to do with . ier ?' Mrs. Baldwin pushed back the strands of gray hair and leaned forward, her once hand some face alight with excitement. ' I had forgotten. I thought you knew,' -alio began. ' Listen, Marcia, for the first time, to the story of Madge Parneleigh's life. .Fifteen years ago I was a young and wealthy 'widow, and I numbered among my friends some of the best people in New York. I was an artist, as you know, too. One winter night I had been at a dinner party in tlie suburbs, and .011 corning home the 'most terrific snow.storm of years whirled over the city. My horses struggled bravely along the almost impassable mads, when something suddenly made them shy, and the next thing I knew the carriage was upturned, tho door Jlung open, and I was thrown into a snow tanlc, while the now thoroughly frightened animals plunged 011, the coachman holding on -to the reins, never dreaming of my fate. I sliudder when 1 think of it.' Marcia moved impatiently, tapping the ?floor with her foot. '(You'll tell me, presently, what all this las to do with the ' personal,' I hope,' she _said, wearily. 'Yes, I'll tell you, Marcia; dearie, aud -when I do, I think it will rouse even you out of your indifferent torpor,' and Mrs. Baldwin's eyes flashed expectantly. ' As I lay in that snow-drift, I thought ? death was upon me. I saw 110 escape, and tho thought of you, my baby, whom I might never see again, almost drove me frantic. I -liad strength remaining for one despairing cry, and to my joy, I heard a voice answer me. I saw a man plough his way towurd me, and I 'was lifted linlf fainting from the suow. He carried mo to the sidewalk, and, taking a ilosk from his pocket, made mo swallow some brandy, which revived me. Tho light from a street lamp showed me his face, and, to my surprise, I knew him. He was a young man whom I had known since his boyhood, aud wo ronowed our friendship. I had met him in tho art classes I had attended a few seasons before. IIo was young Richard Farneloigli.' 'Ah, at last we're coming to it!' said IMarcia. ' Go on, dear.' ' Ho recognised me, too, and, telling mo not to bo afraid, I10 flew to tho nearest livery stable, Returning with a cab. Though I was j nearly senseless, he managed to hnd out my | address, and, getting in, drove with me to my j i home. I had a pretty, cozy house in the - vicinity of Madison Square, and as we entered 1 it that awful, snowy night I will never forget how enticing it looked, with its drawn curtains 1 and shaded lamps. I fie'w to your little room, my darling, and cried over you and kissed you. When my clothes were changed I sent for Mr. Farneleigh to come to my boudoir, to thank him for having saved my life. He looked hunted, careworn wretchedly unhappy, and I remember I wondered about ifc at the time, for I had always believed he was success ful and rich ' beyond the dreams of avarice.' I was very grateful, and begged him to tell me if there was anything I could do to repay him for his kindness and bravery, and, if so, to command me. Ho looked at me intently, thought for a few moments, then impulsively seized my hand. ' ' You can, Mrs. Baldwin,' he said, huskily. ' I saved your life, you can now save me from lespair. Don't question me — not a word. Vait until to-morrow and you shall know. I vill return then and claim your premise to lelp me. ' He came the next day, but not alone. 3e brought with him a little girl, two years )ld, his little daughter, Madge. Ah, you look mrprised, Marcia. I thought I'd rouse you jefore I had finished.' 'Go on — go on,' the words came in a .vhisper from the girl's set lips. ' ' Mrs. Baldwin,' he said, ' this is my little laughter. Will you take her, bring her up as pour own ? Don't question me. I cannot tell pou more than this. I will send money for ber maintenance, but I am going far away, md in my journeyings could not give her the proper care. You are a mother yourself. Take my little Madge, and some day, perhaps, I may come and claim her.' ' He gave me a large sum of money, kissed the child passionately, and, after a short inter view regarding details, departed. Reverses came a few years after this child's advent and by degrees I grew so poor, we were reduced to living on the Farneleigh remittances from France. They continued until Madge was about twelve and then suddenlv stopped. I found myself miserably poor, with a stranger's child on my hands. That is the story of the girl who has been brought up with you.' Marcia's eyes narrowed and she laid her finger on the ' personal.' ' Then she is Madge Farneleigh, the girl this calls for ?' ' Yes. Her rich aunt wants her to see her lawyer, Evartson, whose only clients are millionaires. She will have money lavished on her, and be decked out in exquisite clothes, no doubt given her carriage, a French maid, and all the rest, of it. Think of it*T Is this to happen to this chit whom I hate?' Jtsut Marcia was silent, oniy ner eyes snow ing the depth of feeling roused to life in h?r heart. What wouldn't she give to stand that morn ing in Madge's place ! Luxury ! How she loved it! How she had pined for it almost all her life ! But she would never know it — never. Back rooms or shabby boarding houses and made-over dresses must be her portion, while the girl whose beauty had always dimmed b.er own, who made friends everywhere, would soon have everything the most captious belle might envy. She turned her now pallid face to her mother, roused indeed from her mocking indif ference. ' Well, what are you going to do about it ?' she asked, suddenly. ' She has gone to school stepping an air, I suppose?' ' She has not seen ihe ' personal.' She knows nothing about it yet.' 'What? Then you haven't shown it to her ? You haven't told her she is sought for as an heiress ?' 'I wasn't so anxious to let her know her good fortune, I assure you,' snapped Mrs. Baldwin. ' She doesn't know — ;she doesn't know,' said Marcia, in a strange, musing voice. Mrs. Baldwin's face grew hard, and she beckoned Marcia nearer. ' I'm tempted never to let her know,' she said. 'Even if- she saw. the 'personal' she wouldn't realise it meant her. Oh, my darling, I can't see her step above you in this way ! It would break my heart. Even though she would help us by her good fortune, still I couldn't bear her to be able to queen it in some beautiful old mansion. No, I'd rather go in rags than have that good fortune come to her. She has never liked us, and only this morning I had to listen to an outburst from her that made me tingle to box her ears, as I've so often done. No ! She'll never know — never !' ? ' Wait a moment,' said Marcia, still in that same thoughtful tone ; ' did — did Richard Farneleigh leave anything on the child which would identify her?' Mrs. Baldwin thought a moment. ' Yes. He left a ring of strange, uniqne design fastened with a chain about her neck and marked inside with his initials.' . Marcia looked at her eagerly. ' Oh, mamma, do you seo no other way out of this difficulty ?' 'What do you mean ?? How queer you look!' said her mother. For reply Marcia laughed almost gayly. Her light blue eyes shone like steel points. ' Listen to me,'' she said, when her laughter ceased, and she had squarely faced her mother. 'All my life I have known I had it in me to be courageous in a battle with Fate — to take big chances, to hesitate at nothing to accom plish my purpose. But heretofore existence has been like a dull, stagnant stream, without anything to break the dreary monotony. To-day all is changed. Why, I see oppor tunities before mo that make my braiu reel. You are right,' she said, bending over and whispering intensely in her mother's ear. ' Madge shall never know of this good for tune — ' ' Yes — yes — but how aro you going to benefit by that ?' asked Mrs. Baldwin. ' She shall never dance and laugh and loll in velvot ease in a beautiful, stately home. No — but I shall !' she said in a determined whisper. ' ? 'You, Marcia? Hpw can you? You are mad !' 'No, mother, I'm hot mad. I shall be Madge Farneleigh, in name. I shall go in her stead. Now do you understand ? ' CHAPTER IV. THE CLAIMANT. There was almost stupefaction in Mrs. Baldwin's eyes after those determined words, uttered so coolly by lior daughter, and she brushed away a strand of gray hair with a nervous gesture, whilo her fascinated and half shrinking gazo nover wavered from Marcia's face. 'What do you mean, Marcia? Child, what ire you talking about?' she managed to say, 1 querulously, the paper containing the adver- 1 .isernent clutched tightly in her hand. ' Don't be afraid, marmie,' said Marcia, i -nly the quiver in her voice betraying her jent-np agitation. ' I'm not going mad, - though you look as if you think so. I mean ; every word I say, and you musthelp me.' ' Help you take Madge's place ? Why child, 1 it's a crime !' i Marcia's cheeks were pale and her thin lips were set in a crimson line. 1 She seized the paper from her mother's ' grasp, smoothed it out and read again the ' personal,' which had come like a bomb into their lives on this dark October morning. When she spoke her tones were full of concentrated feeling. ' I'm going down t9 this lawyer and you're going with me. You're going to tell him the story of that winter night, fifteen years ago and by means of tho letters and odd ring my identity as Madge Farneleigh is going to be established. If you refuse, do you know what I'll do ? I'll kill myself. Yes — since I must speak plainly to arouse you to action, you may know the trnth. I'm sick of this existence— sick of it. I want to live— to live ; I want birthright, which is to be happy, and I'll have it.' Marcia fiung herself on her knoes beside the bed, and burst into hysterical tears. 'Don't cry, Marcia, darling — don't — don't!' sobbed her mother. 'Oh, I can't bear to hear you take on this way ! Don't, my darling, I beg. I'll destroy, this paper, ami Madge'll never see the ' personal.' She'll never benefit by it, I promise you. But this other mad idea of yours — give it up, dearie. It cannot be. We wouldn't dare.' When Marcia lifted her head,' the look in her eres frightened her mother. ' Is ;that your final answer?' she asked, hoarsely. ' For if it is I'll do something desperate; I'll end it all — as well now as any other time.' Mrs. Baldwin seized her hands, her eyes wild. ' Oh, you drive me frantic !' She said, her voice high and strained. ' Do you realize what such a plot would mean if we were discovered ?' 'We'll never be discovered — never! Who is there to prove that the baby girl brought to you fifteen years ago was not I ? No one ! Richard Farneleigh is no doubt dead, and, even if he were not, he'd never know the difference. Naturally a girl of seventeen cannot be expected to remember fifteen years back, so I'm all right on thafc score. It's a few years younger than I am, but I don't look my twenty years. Don't you see there's no possible danger ? Can't you see it, or is it that you won't?' -i.es, jiiarcia ; yes — yes. un, wait a moment; let me think; give me time,' and Mrs. Baldwin sank back among the pillows. Marcia stood looking down at her mother. She did not look at all pretty in her soiled cashmere wrapper, her face clay- white, a little, contemptuous smile at the corners -of her thin lips. ' She's weakening — she'll do it, as I knew she would from the first,' she said, inwardly. Before Mis. Baldwin's mind flitted a series of pictures. She saw her darling, the idol of her heart, surrounded- by every luxury, her beauty in a fitting frame at last. By degrees the horror she had first felt lessened. ' I'll do it,' she said at last, and when the words were once uttered the hardest part seemed over. Marcia flung herself upon her mother's neck and kissed her eagerly. ' Get up now, marmie,' she said, im petuously. ' We have a lot to do before wo beard this grizzled lawyer in his den. We must get out some of my dear father's letters, and darling *papa's old, unique ring, then dress ourselves in our best, look our prettiest, fool the clear-eyed Evartson and rake in all the Farneleigh plums. Come on. Oil, I shall I go mad with excitement until we get there.' ' Bring me the little desk from the corner under the mantelpiece, Marcia,' said her mother. The girl did so, and Mrs. Baldwin taking a key from under her pillow, opened it. Two letters of those received from Paris from poor Dick Farneleigh were taken out, and .the ring fastened on its gold chain. Marcia read the letters eagerly and held up the trinket. ' The chain of evidence is perfect. We have nothing, absolutely nothing to fear. Come, let us lose no time now in carrying the thing out, ' and she swept from the room. It did not matter that before her mind Madge's face arose just then, and tho memory of how she nursed her through a serious illness the winter before. It did not make her waver in lier plan to rob her of her birthright, and she crushed back all thought but the profit to. herself. ? Carried along by her daughter's indomitable will, imbued with a false courage, Mrs. Baldwin fought back her scruples, though she trembled when she heard Marcia's high, clear voice singing. ' Sometimes I think she lias no heart,' she murmured. ' Sometimes she doesn't seem human to me.' Half an hour later Marcia and Mrs. Baldwin boarded a Broadway car going downtown aud as they entered, every eye was turned upon the tall, blonde beauty. In the excitement, her cheeks had become softly flushed, her eyes' took on a depth they usually lacked, aud the coils of her soft golden hair had the effect of an aureole around her face. They reached the tall, white building where Robert Evartson had his law offices. As they entered and nlado their way toward tho elevator, Marcia whispered to her mother : ' The crucial moment has come. Do you realize it? Everything depends on you, mother, . and all you want to do is to keep your nerve. Above all things, remember not to call me Marcia. My name is Madge. Do take that scared look off your face, marmie. See, I'm as calm as a summer sea. I wish you had The big gilt cage leaped upward, and presently, they wero standing before tho lawyer's office door. Marcia knocked firmly. Tho clerk who admitted them gazed in admiration at lior delicate beauty, as he brought forward two leather- covered chairs. ' My business is with Mr. Evartson,' said Mrs. Baldwin, commanding hervoico at last. ' Is I10 in ?' 'Yes, madam. Kindly let mo havo your name, and may I also ask your business, as Mr. Evartson is very much occupied.' Mi's. Baldwin had a few yellowed cards in her possession, a relic of days when she had a visiting list. Assuming a grand air, sho scrawled on ono in pencil : ' Mrs. Baldwin wishes to seo Mr. Evartson in reference to the ' personal' in this morning's paper,' Mother and daughter exchanged glances liter the clerk had left them alone. Marcia eaned over and whispered, hurriedly : ' Keep your nerve, the hardest part is com ng, but it will be all right, — never fear.' 'Mr. Evartson will see you in his private Dffice,' said the clerk, ushering them toward 1 closed door at the end of the room. As they entered an old man with sharp ayes undor bushy brows turned from his desk and rose to meet them. 'Mrs Baldwin?' he said, and his eyes 3wept over her and the girl accompanying her in a glance of comprehensive scrutiny, as he motioned them to be seated. ' I'm Mrs. Baldwin,' said that lady, softly ; ' and this is my adopted daughter, Miss Madge Farneleigh.' Marcia rose impulsively, looking at him with apparent ingenuousness and trust. 'This wonderful news of my birth, the story of my good fortune, only came to me this morning for the first time,' she said. ' Oh, isn't it all like a tale in a book.?' Mr. Evartson looked into the beautiful, high-bred face, his brows set in a forbidding line, his lips pursed np. 'H'm!' he said at last, turning to Mrs _ Baldwin. ' Let me have your proofs, if you' please.' Marcia felt the snub, and became subdued as her mother took from her pocket the old letters written more than five years ago, dated from Paris, and the oddlooking ring. At sight of the latter, Marcia saw a new and decisive interest come into the lawyer's frosty face. ' How did this ring come into your posses sion, madam ?' he asked. Mrs. Baldwin told her story in detail, and as she went on Marcia could feel tho keen old eyes searching her face, as if trying to trace s6me resemblance to the father she claimed. ' Cross old brute !' she mnttered inwardly ; ' he's half inclined to doubt. But I guess in the face of all these proofs it's all right.' The letters were read, tho ring examined. Keen, puzzling questions failed to make the claimant contradict herself, and, after half an hour, Mr. Evartson was conscious of a feeling of disappointment that the proofs displayed and the story told were conclusive. He did not like the discovered heiress. 'She doesn't seem the sort of girl Miss Abby would take to her heart,' he muttered to himself. 'She's cold — yes, she's selfish. But I suppose she's Dick Farneleigh's daughter, though I can't trace a shade of resemblance to either him or his wife.' Balancing a pen on his finger, he said to Mrs. Baldwin : ' You say you were an art student when you renewed your acquaintance with young Farneleigh in New York ?' She nodded, and the lawyer pushed a paper and pencil toward her. ' Make ? a sketch of him as you remember him, please,' he said. ' I hope you'll pardon this, but the most rigid precautions are neces sary, as you must see, to guard against a mistake in this serious affair.' Mrs. Baldwin drew off her gloves, and in some sharp strokes made a rough' outline drawing, which she handed the lawyer, while Marcia waited eagerly - It was a success. She knew it by the faint sad contraction which twitched tho old man's face. After gazing at.it a moment he laid it down with a sigh. 'It is Richard Farneleigh as he looked years ago, and as I last remember him,' he said. ' There is nothing to be done now but to admit your claim, and the sooner the better.' ' Ob, tell me,' said Marcia, eagerly ; ' tell me something about my aunt — her life, her position — everything !' A slight, sarcastic smile played about Mr. Evartson's mouth. In a few brief sentences he sketched the life at ' Farneleigh,' while Marcia's eyes sparkled with a delight she could not conceal. Something in her ex pression chilled the old man. Without actively realizing it, he had fancied a different sort of girl as the child of Richard Farneleigh and his ill-fated wife.. He felt himself entirely out of sympathy with this too vivacious young woman, whose smile was so ready, and whose mercenary ambition his intuition discovered. After a moment's thought he said : ' Miss Farneleigh. I will now proceed to carry out your aunt's wishes to the letter. Her first instructions were that a sufficient amount of money should bo given you at once to buy yourself what you need.' He handed some banknotes to Marcia, and her eyes danced with joy at the prospect of decking herself out in all the finery she loved and had always lacked. Then thinking it the proper moment for some display of gratitude, she seized tho old man's hand in both her own. ' You don't know what all this means to me,' she said, making her voice quiver a little, as she raised her coldly beautiful eyes to his. ' All my life I have felt that I was me^nt for better things -than poverty and struggle. Oh, to think that good' fortune has come !' = ' 'Yes, it has come. Farneleigh . is one of the most beautiful houses in the South. You will have luxury enough, I promise you,' he said, and gazed at her 'searcliingly through his gold-rimmed glasses . until Marcia's eyes fell beneath his calm, critical glance. Ho §cemed ablo to read her to the depths of her callous soul. ' I am glad Richard Farneleigh's daughter is going to be happy,' he added, politely, feeling that he had displayed his estimate of her too clearly. ' God grant, also, you will be able to make Miss Abby's life as happy as it deserves to be. . Your duty is an im portant one.' ' Oh, I will — I will !' said Marcia. He ushered them to the elevator, and as ho watched them descend, the expression around his stern lips was inscrutable. , ' I don't liko her, 'hp, muttered ; 'I don't trust her.' (To be continued.') 