[?] ? ? ? ? — TP f POK OF A ? y THR1E. CHAPTER HI. ; Midab To The Rescue.— -At Mar seilles. . - ?» Knows absolutely nothing — darling —and he has just entrusted me with a natbeless mission o! vast future1 import ance 1' tenderly said Kenneth as he led her to a seat. ? , 'Ah! Now, I understand I mar Eiured the heiress. '? He goes with you. ( For, he telegraphed last night to - my mother to return at oboe. He goes over to the'rcontihent alone for a fortnight, ' And so!, you are to be his com i panion?' . . „ ' It is all blind to. me as yen, dearest, gently replied, Kenneth, ' and alt that I can tell , yon now, is that I shall be absent for six months. There is a trust of ultimate honor which none dares to betray, and, , till I am done, we have only ' I ,to ba silent, watchful, and true to each Other, If I return safely, I will have surely won hiB lifelong gratitude, should I succeed !' And then, leading her aBide, he mur mured the 'words now thronging to his lips, of love tenderest legacies of hope ? and cheer. Kathleen Lawrie's exquisite face was turned toward him, the melting gray eyes were veiled with trembling tear- laden lashes.. Her Blender figure was molded ' 'in all the grace of Diana's nymphs and the brown hair nobly crowned her beauti ful and graceful head. There jwas all the dignity of the stern ?l ' old north country ancestors tin her reso lute bearing. The ;!NevraB, Oarrs,, Blacbwoods, and Nugehts were the givers of the strength of spirit whioh underlay ? her mother's tinusual beaty. In the flash of hir life's spring-time, now blossoming in to -its early summer, the lonely girl had silently expanded'into an absolute mental freedom in the al ?- most unbroken' hush of the great banker's home. , . Her mind to her a Kingdom, Bne nau eagerly caught up the enthusiasm of art, travel, music and letters, and the whole world revolved around her in her ' ! voy ages an tour du mondo,' effected I in James Lawrie's vast gloomy library. And now, her fond heart was thrilled with all the deep devotion; of first love as she listened to her knight of the name less quest ! In all tha years of their slowly cement ing friendship, Kathleen Lawrie had gently dominated the gentle Milly Gros venor, and,— now,— m the hour of try ' ing separation, — the yeurig noblewoman was as true to lier friend as one of the ? - ' Queen's font Maries.' In an eager conclave of love, Milly Grosvenor sat as arbiter, while Kathleen Lawrie related to them every detail of her father's past queries, and bis instruc tions of the morning. And, Kennetn GrySyth had answered a hundred questions before the Honor able Charles lent his wiBdom to a nnai plan of campaign. ' There's but.one safe course to follow, said the star of the Travellers' Club, ad dressing Kenneth. 'Send all my letters to the Travellers Club, London. Your correspondence for Her Highness,' he smiled, ' properly addressed, must, come under cover to Millyi here ! There can be Jno danger ! Milly will be the Postmistress of Love ! ' And ours, what shall we do with them?' merrily asked that lovely Post mistress, Milly Grosvenor, of the young savant who was about going ' to no place' in |partioulaf,' for a long six months. , « Let them be all sent in sealed linen envelopes addressed to me, 'care of Ben jamin and Son, Threadneedle Street, gravely said Kenneth. ' For the first time in his life, the head of my house asked me to-day, if he could do me a personal favor. And,— I have his word of honor that all my letters will be forwarded in bank pacqnets, liia Ann nrlvntn flpnl I He will uuuui uto wifu i' - - ' — - ~ ? - - be the medium of conveying any bad news to you,' slowly said Kenneth. 'The gopd,, I will convey myself, by re turning.' I have told him that Wilton and Grosvenor would be my legal repre sentative — in case of any accident !' It seemed so cold and cruel this brief halt upon the edge of six months' desert 1 in her life, to Kathleen Lawrie' ' We were all so happy,— last summer ' Kenneth !' she murmured, when the two i hours bad treacherously stolen by. \- ' For, now all but the last farewells i were spoken. 1 Good natured Charley Grosvenor was 'on pioket' below to ' head off' the all knowing BaroneBS should she glide back ! into the fold. This parting was no 'sweet sorrow !' Sister Milly had given the lovers a 1 brief ten minutes of last heart commu . nion. and on Kenneyb Gryffyth's bosom was now resting a picture with a tress of ? that same silken brown hair whioh he worshipped, framing the one beloved face on earth for him. ' ThiB comes from my mother,' cried Kenneth, ob ho placed on the girl's trembling finger an antique Indian | diamond, y and, now, darling, we must keep our love in noble truth, as I will i my trust in simple faith! We have ;! each our own duty to our father ! u' Death will come to me before I betray ii my truBt. It is yet a mystery why he jf sought me out to be his agent.' I 'And,' cried the resolute Kathleen, '! 'Death to mo before I forget my love, j. Go now! Be true to your trust; for \- my sake — and we will both wait for the \- strange fate that seems to bring us to gether. ' Let ub bo true to my lather's faith in you. When you return, in honor,*— then I am yours, Kenneth, and, — there's ,my hand upon it.' The blood of her spirited north country ancestors was, flaming in her cheeks. ; A warning sound echoed below. It~was a cautioning signal from the lovely guardian whioh foretold the sudden return of the Baroness de Saint Nazarie. 'I will take her away, while you escape— Kenneth,' breathlessly whispered Milly, as the excited lover kissed her bands, in hasty gratitude. Good-bye ! I'll watch ovor Kathleen for your sake,' she murmured, in a voice sweet as the falling dews ot Guliatan. There were mists oil Kenneth Gryffyth's eyes as he caught Kathleen, ?the rosy nymph of Diana, -to his heart in % last crushing embrace. ' Adieu, darling ! For life and sterility, I serve you, alone,' he whis pered. And, then it was ' ae fond kiss and then we sever.' It needed all Charley Grosvenor's bonhomie to rouse Kenneth as they sprang into the waiting brougham. All was safe, in their hegira, and,— only- Kenneth saw a sweet white wraith at the window for one moment,— the seeming ghost of the woman he adored ! With a commendable prudence, Gryf fyth left his champion to his afternoon loungingv and drove away to his out fitters. A new trunk and portmanteau, with a handy Gladstone bag were des patched to the Cannon Street Hotel, for the financier would not truBt his old luggage, labelled with all the many tell tale, marks of the globe trotter. ' 'It seems that I am to be born again,' he gloomily , reflected, thinking of the passport and new patronymic to be as sumed at Marseilles. He glanced at ghis letter of credit, There it was plainly written, ' Malcolm Cranford.' It was really his nom de guerre. ' So, that's the. flag . I am to fight nmdar I' ho crrimlv smiled. ' I can have the luggage duly marked at Marseilles when I get my' paBsport.' And, ho then leisurely drove down to the bank, for the hour of four was approaching. Handsome Ernesto Strilogo was faming in an Italian passion of unrest, and he was well wearied of his long vigil in the brougham with his gleaming eyes fixed upon the main entrance of Benja min and Sons. ' You fools !' he had remarked finally to the expostulating spies. ' Get around, one of you, and watch the rear entrance. If he goes in, let me know here. He may have dodged out there.' j At last, the remaining secret agent running up, grasped the Italian's arm. ' That's the man ! The handsome fel low in tweeds !' he cried, as Kenneth leisurely descended and lingered in giv ing hiB driver a tip. The Count di Saint Marina was out of his carriage in an instant. x ' Join your fellow behind the bank. If he slips out that way, both of you must follow on until he stops. One stays, the other is to come here on the run to me. If you find me gone when the bank closes, report back to the Pasha. If he comes out this way, I'll net lose him. My servant is on the box. There are two of us here now. You two must follow him.' Go to Vienna, if he don't atop. Telegraph the details of the road he takeBto the Pasha. I'll follow him then instantly.' Thorn ion a a shnrn tVirfint. in Strilooro's [ eyes as he slipped adroitly into the main entrance of the bank. Kenneth Gryffytb sauntered in, with his eyes upon the great clock. I He did not fail to notice the watchful chief messenger, who touched bis cap and whispered a greeting. ' Ah ! Sharp on time,' mused the ex pert, as the old servitor murmured, 'You are wanted in the Head's room, sir !' He passed on, never noticing the handsome foreign gentleman who might i he either a w'orld-famous tenor,— a travel, ling Don Juan, or an Italian noble voyaging incognito, from his swelling [ port. The confidential relation of the mes senger and his destined prey was not lost upon the alert Strilogo. Sauntering carelessly up, he cordially addiessed the unsuspecting old Briton. A casual remark' led to the transference of a couple of half crowns. « Bless your soul ! No, sir ! That's not our Mr. Benjamin, Jr. That's Mr. Kenneth Gryffyth, one of our foreign representatives. He's busy now, in the office, with the Head ! I can get you his home address.' And, bursting away, the old man soon hobbled back with a slip of paper. ' Thank you, sir,' he cried, as the ' nobleman' murmured, ' I'll call another day,' and then he stepped slowly out, leaving the old gossip bowing- and scraping. Two long hours crawled slowly by, while Gryffyth gravely, listened' to the successive counsels of Mr. James Lawrie, and the auguBt head of his bouse. There were few details presented, but a shadow of coming responsibility ? Li _ */\ 1/\«At.'a uruugub tt UXSYt OUOIUUODO «-v uug avtci o face. ' In leaving the success or failure of our plan in your bands,' said the Head, 'you must remember the vastness of tho scheme. Mr. Lawrie will direct you entirely. It all depends on your estab lishing a personal influence over Ismail Pasha — and, — in absolutely concealing your real mission from the English and French official representatives. Not for an instant must you forget that you are merely Mr. Malcom Cranford, studying future investments in sugar and cotton. ' You will have the Italian Consul General and tho Austrian and Russian, as secret friends. They have all to lose in the failure of your scheme. Cherif Pasha will introduce you to the Khedive. Anyone can be seen around Cairo with Cherif. He knows everybody in Egypt from u flower girl to tbe Khedive's mother. [To be Continued. J 