^ ' ' ? ? QTOAMEBIOAir \- LBTTEE; ' |KJ:;:::'.- , boxing: '; ' ??'???? S|:lc'/; :,; SHAllEEY ; DEFEATS GOB- - :i|'4^-.:*HE'B£RnrEii b~oy.bea.tek in ' PHifeB-v1 -—:;?:??;:???:?;; ii^v:: ?/:;???;;???;./ a v'risinr.-APJPAiB. ^ ' ||;|;; : ^CHOYNSKi: : AND JEFFEXES. ? |i|i;A/:ii'20JtOUSI)S':'JIAEI--FieHTIJfG. v^::V-: ' Peter Jnclcsoh to aicet jrnhcr— Griffo. l-?; ?: ; I'-^'iindXaTigriic-r-A.'Clint' ivith The vf : 1 ?; : , Rocks Intl— Tilt Ityan . . ; ' ' .' ' Defeated. : ;;.'?:? ATHLETICS C_o '\ J WEPERS AND PHOPESSIOKAIilSM. EETEESCIlaiENT THE CRT. 3HcIifieliUefcats;;Stn.'rbncfc \ - ^-.THETFIIE:; ' ' SiCISG IN CALI1F0KNIA. \- MISCELL,t]SEOUS',IXE2IS. MCHATTI, NEWSY CO3EaOIfICA V. ?''/ :: '/,. ,'1'ion. .. . JSEOil''OUE*'SPECIAL COMJUISSIONEB IS ? AMERICA.) ... San . FuANCisco, .December 9. ?'?????????'.?.? Bosjug.. PUGILISM moro than uiiytbing olao pro bably jnakes manifest tlio truth of the old contention, 'Youth will bo served.'1 I thought this when I sat in tbo Press gallery at tho Goddard-Shurkey fight nnd watched tbo beamy shell-back wallop tbo ' Barrior Cham pion' around tbo ring na if poor Joo woro tbo stuffed man in a knookabout niimitrol sketch. . And thinking thus (botwoon tlio rounds) I raarvolled at tlio changos Hint so very, Tory fow years bring fortb. It sooms such a abort stretch o£ tirao sinoo Goddanl, Slaviu, nud Jackson, tbo ' big tbroo ' oE Anstrulin, woro in tho foromoat ranka o£ tbo world's hoavy weigbts. Now two of tbem at least— Slavin mid Goddard— aro disniiinllcd wrecks, whilo tbo third is on tho suspeotocl list. No bettor proof, probably, could bo required tbat Petor is regarded as a has-been than tho fact that Joo Choynski has staled liis willingucss to do battlo with him. What would Imvo been thought of ancli a proposition firo or six yours ago? It would havo boon regarded us a joke —but of Jackson and Obovnski moro anon. Of courao it i8 not tho Australians alono that nro njjoing. jWven tlio younger members Df tho old guard— such as Jlabor and C'hoynski — -aro not as daopor or as dangerous sis thny n soil to bo, and it looks to rao aa if fisticuffs, bo fur as tho olovornosH of if, is concerned, is fust becoming a lost art. The men vrho aro coming up to take tho places of tbti passtS lieroes oE pugdom are mainly of the truck liorso order, 'i'hero aro four of them on this Bido of tbo wator— Tom Sliarkoy, Jim Jeffries, Gus Buhliu, and Yank ltonn.y— and clumsy louts they aro when compared to tbo follows wlioso clorios aro fadiuc ? ? But ??.?:?. THE GODDAnD'SUAIfKEY FIGHT; 111 my, 'previous letter I ntatod that T was anxious to ascortaiu how tho affair would' pan out from tho standpoint of attendance, as so many of Iho regular patrons of tho sport bad vowed an intention of remainiug iimijj. Well, it'wos a fi/.zlo alright. Tho gallery wns fairly woll lilled, but tho boxes and roservod chairs were .'.' papored,' tho mauagers pre ferring to ladle out complimonturius ratlior than have the affair boa ' dead cold froal; ' in appearance as well as in fact. Tho receipts amounted to 3000dol probably, when if the match bad not boeu regarded with disfavor, fivo times that sum would have accumulated in the box oilico. Goddard registered a protost at the eleventh hour, aud it looked for a few moments as if thero would bo no contest. As Teddy Alor andorput it, 'Joo didn't get a good flash at tlio houso ' until lio outorcd tho ring. Ho fiat .in bis corner, looking moody riuid it was evidout that tbo moro ho thought it over tho more disgusted ho became. Ho allowed thorn to lit tho gloves on him, and then: when, nooording to all tlm usages of tbo P.B., tho noxt thing .'iii. order should have boon 'i\bo clang of tbo brazen goug,' bo held aloft bin mailed mauler nud demaudod uu uudienco wit'h the mauagor of tho concern. : 'I won't box beforo snob a Tight bouso a3 tbis' said 0 oo. Then bo elevated his chin towards tbo gallory and declared hiinsolf so tUiit all might hoar. ' Oh, you'ro a «ur,' shouted .some fellow away up in tbo backblookB. Joo denied tbo soft impenohment., adducing . 98 testimony that ho bad fought all over Iho ,-Vorld, and bad never yet been accused of cowardice; Sooiuj; tbat bo was touchy on this point several other galloryites intimated tbat they, too, thought tbo Barrier bruiser V^aa ? . ? . chilled at tub siaiiT op sailob roll's jsia mosci,iss. \- That Befctlod it.. Juo stopped the club officials in tho midst of tho beseochini; arguments they woro pouring into his cars, mid in his majestic way wavod a signal', that tbo tonrnoy might proceed. It did proceed, mid Joo wasn't in it. JJis arms worked as if they wore rusty at tho liinRTiS, and bo seemed to got his lit its sntoiugled and fall over bis own foot whenovor the Sailor rusbod him. , ?When Joo fought big M'Aniiffo ho proviid hiinsolf n holy terror at an oxtromely awkward kind of inlightiug. lie swuug under and over. and he atruck back-action blows, but this tiuui ' ho didn't loosen up worth a coiit,'iis it wn» , Babscquontly remarked. ?? Ho let fly bis right. I fjocusionally in a stiff and slovouly manner at :iho Sailor's ribs, and that was about all. -.-.Sliark'ey, who : is anything- but an artist, : Reemed a porfeot Griffo in comparison with bis '---.'opponent.: . .-.'?. .,;; 'The thing, lastod for six rounds, Sharkey c',: being in tbo lead throughout. In the wind up the Sailor' nisbod, swinging with both '?: bands'. ' His right took Joo on tbo temple and .'; dropped, him on bia back, Sharkey, who had ;; plenty of way on, falling on top of the pros .; trato Australian. Goddard, whose bead struck ' the floor, appeared to bo dazud. Ho draggod ?-Xiliiuisolf' to Iur feet, and than Sharkey wont at him again, dowuing him ft second timo. To tho fmrpriso of \a groat number the. roforeo , yelled ' you're ont' ju'at as big Joo was rising ; from tho floor after being down about Ssoc The flimsy part of it is Mint Ooddnrd'n owii timokoQiier was t.io first to insist that the full lOano had olapypd. Anyhow,- . ' THE WUOIiV BUSIN7ESS HAD A PISI1Y LOOK. Goddard a day or two later wanted to boi Joo Choynaki for 5'OOOdol aside. Tha ohal longo was iguorod. There is some talk now of Goddard going to Chicago to box oigbt rounds with tho big negro, .Bob Armstrong. . Ono of tho biggest orowda of tho year gathered in Woodward's Pavilion on tbo night of November 30 to see tbo twenty rounds con tost between . ' JOE CIIOYNSTCl AND JIM JEITRrES, ' ' tbo Los Angolos giant. Jeffries pegged back a bit in public favor when bo failod to dofoat Gua Kiihlin, Hilly Miiddon's now find, some nionllis ago, and throughout tho betting on last wcok'a affair Choynskt was tho favorite. At first tho prico against Jeffrioa was 10 to 0, bnt' a email flood of mouoy from Southorn Califoniia (whore Jeffries bails from) made tbo odds Rbrink to 10 to 7J-. Thoro was coil sidorablo wagoring at thoao fu;uros, but in tho late betting the Chornski pooplo offered 10 to C again with but Tow takors. ? Jeffries had away tho hotter of tho woights, scaling 2201b to Joo's lCSIb. Tho giant was Imndlud by Billy Dolauoy, tbounan who was with Corbott throughout tho best of Pompa donr Jim's fighting years. , . It was an' interesting oonteBt, and so far as Clioynski was eoncernod a defensive ono mainly.' Joo discovered early in tho game that ho could Hot take any libertios with tho big follow, and ho bocamo very vary. Ho ducked out of light places near tho ropca again and again, whilo tho Los Angolan's hoavy paws wont whizzing closo to bis flowing locks.' Onco or twice Clioynski did not got away quickly enough, and ho was brought to Jus' knees by glancing swings, but, being always on tbo rotroat, he did not receive many renlly damaging blows. In tbo first fow rounds Joo tried manceuvrea of aU'kinds to open a way for that punishing loft up-swing of his, but TOE ar,lNT BLOOKKD SUi AT EVERT rOIKT. Thou Joo triod straight lofts, ami had.bottor luck. Ho mado a sad moss of Jeff's broad countenance, hut could not weaken him or got him going in the slightest. Tlio Los Angolos man is so chock full of vitality that stabs only enrago him as tbo littlo darts ourugo the bull in a Mexican ring. It requires the good old right cross or something else with a curl in it — something that uoines from ouo side ortho other, and jars— to upset aucb u solid moun tain of humanity. Clioynski didn't try tho right- cross, for tbo simple reason that ho knew tho other fellow would like nothing better than a chance to oxohango compliments of that kind. Jeffries didn't try it, bocanso Choynski didn't leave tlio ghost of an opening. It was a battlo of luffs entirely, Clioynski sending his in straight, whilo Joff rushed and swung principally. At limes, as they came together in clinches, they n-onld smash at oach other's ribs with . tbo right.- uut the body punishment administered While I say that Choynski did not use his right (meaning at tho head), I would like to niialify this to some oxlent. Ho rasortod to ,111 kinds of trickery to clear the way for a rMit-liander. Oueo or twioo when pressed ho hold his arms crosswiso boforo hia face. The first time lie did this Jeff, scouting mischief, stosd back; and tho orowd ' obod and abed,' as if Joff had overlooked an opening. The noxt timo Joff got ready to th^v a left dig into Joo's unprotected stomaoh, when DOWN CAME OriOYNSKl S FOLDED KIGHT with a chopping action. It just grazed Jeff's chin, and mado him draw out quickly without delivering tbat body blow bo was tbiukiug about. Choynski did'tnanasro to get bis right in onee, and onlv once. It was along about tho middlo oE the contest. Jeff, who was forcing matters, b.ijkod Joo towards a corner. Joo mado a sudden stand and pinkod tbo big fuilow throe or four times in succession with left stabs. Jeff became angerod or rattlod, and crowded in. . Ho raised liis big right shoulder as if about to solid tho gloved fist attached to it out on an orrand of annihilation, and in doing so brought liis body half square. In a flash Clioynski timed him with tho right, patting in a smash that puffed tlio giant's left cheek. A couple of incboa lower and it would lmvo been 'Good night to you, Mr. Jeffries.' Tho contost wont tho full 20 rounds, thoro being plenty of bugging in tbo concluding minutes of it. The referee promptly decided it 'a draw,' and whilo each man considered ho should havo had tho verdiot, impartial spoctators agreed that it was as fair a decision ns thoy bad over beard dolivered. It was an understood thing that the winner was to broak a Innco wilh.Potor Jackson, but the fact of thero being two winners made tbo situation somowbat embarrassing. Joffrios w«b tho first, however, to make a proposal. Through hiB trainer-manager, Dolauoy, bo intimated that he would be willing. to take on Poter. Jackson said ho would roqniro two full months to train, and, after some demnr, Dolnnoy agreed to tbis. Ho changed his mind soon after leaving tho conference, hoirovor, and negotiations were begun with a rival club which ended in JEFFUIEB AND SAILOR SUARKKY hoing matched to box 20 rounds on the night of January 7. Of course Jackson was piqued at tbis turn of affairs, but it S3 on tho cards that ho will bo matched beforo many, days go by to box Poter Mabor in February, ami Joo Choynski, through his agent here, has ox preHPcd a desiro to sign with Jacksnii, but tho latter has boon advisnd to fly at higher game. In moetingMahor, of course, ho will moot a man who defeated Choynski, and ono, for that, matter, whom Mastorn. sports soem to think Corbett and JFitzsiminons aro studiously avoid ing. OE course, Fits has downed the Irishman twioo already, but that soems to cut no figure. Tbore aro any numbor of discussions going on in front across tho Kockios as to who is best entitled to tho world's champiouabip, and GO percent, of tho participants appear to favor Poter Mahor's olaima. San JYanoisco is harboring qnito a number of Australian pugilistic celebrities just now, the latest to join tho colony being nouo other tbau THE MITCH 3IALIQNED GRIFFO. Tho Eocka' lad is ensconced in training quarters ut.Sansalito, aoross tho bay from here, and on tho 21st, if all goes woll, he will stop into the ring at Woodward'a Pavilion for a twenty round mix-up with his old rival, 'Kid'Lavigne. . '' . Thoy didn't land Griff in training quartors i without. a struggle. Ho arrivod hereabouta ;woek ago from Chicago, the Occidental Club Slaving arranged tho match with Lavigno ?boforo his Koekship loft tho windy oity. When ho slruok town Griff roported at tho club headquarters, but interposed a fow objections in his own charactorisfciu way whan requested' to botnke himself to tho conditioning oump right away. Young Mitchell, who is match maker for the Occidental, had an inkling, of how prono Griffo ia to get himself into inis cbiuf if left to his own rosourcos in a strauge ciity, nud ho thongbt it best to exhibit the iron ?hand at tho outset. . Griffo started for the ferry all right, but 'he bejiati sampling water front cocktails, tbo result being that bo got to thinking too much Imiito altogether was oinployed in shipping him aoross tho water. Presently he rebelled outright, and thoro was a mix up botweeu him awl his custodians. Thoy did not succeed ill getfiug the Ktioks lad on board tho big side wheeler that night (I understand they put him Mouiowhero elso to cool off), but next morning lio was tractable enough, and now ho is ovor thera doing road-work aud bag-punching aud all lands of things. I iiaw him a day or two: ago when they brought him over under a fairly strong guard to bo photographed in ringcostutno. Ho is certainly ? . ? ?'.-''.. SlibllV TO LOOK AT, If NOT PLEASING, but'I think ho will work himself into fair con dition (between noir mid tho 21st. Tho chduaes of hisj going on a tear aro ratlior small, tor llioy.. aro watching him as closely as a milliunrtiro hostage is watched in a bandit's retro'tit'on the mountains. Ono of his guards —a big fellow named Jack Miles— displays a shcriU's\budgo on tho bosom ot his vest (ho isn't a. sheriff at all, by the way), and Griff has concilived the idea that if ho doesn't walk a cliallc '.lino during his training days tho alleged slioriff will uiiliinbor a baby gatling gun and shoot railroad tunnels through' him, I had nAfow momenta conversation with Griffo, and II was surprised to find that somo of his remarks woro both port and pithy. At tho sumo time I should judge that making protty Bponch.na ia not his long suit. 'I will bo writing to tho Kkfehee in a fow days,' said I)1 'Don't you wont mo to tell yourfrionds on tho otbor Bide that you will surely whip Lii.|vigno?', . .. ? . -.-?: ' That would road kind o' funny iE I didu't happen to lick, him, wouldn't it?' argnod Griff, with iiji artful leer. ' Toll you what you oan say Uiough, that ho can't lick mo, not in a thousand years. If I don't get the boat, of him ho iron't.get tho best of me. That'B a sure pot.'' \ '.?..?'???'.?,. 'How nboutyour oondition? Thoy toll mo you haven't heon treating yourself right ? ' ' Well, dokt, there's a whole lot of people fooling thompc\\]vcn- ovor m/; I'm not tbo hopeless enso f'ltoy make me/ont to bo. I don't idrinl: as mucli nh thoy Kay.;! do, and I've yet to moot Iho inan\Hho oau/got tbo best, of mo in jtlio ring. I'll Hiup'riso /iomo of them whon I 'meet Mr. Lavigi.vo,' ' ' .'. '? Bocoming rominiso/Snt, Griffo wont on to say that ho had boon ,V'\rfou the worst of it in deci sions oror and ovoivngaiii. Tho most flagrant casoofinjustico h.aisaid was wbonlio mot Jack M'AulilTe. Ho (Jiiulinoralod other casos, and his rouaoninR« gouerully woro thoso of a fol low 'who considered 'lio had tho world- against him both in tho rincUwid out. I am pleased to bo'Xblo to atato' that ' 1T.ANK Sr.AVIN IS S'.rriL ASIONO TIIK L1VIN0. 1 felt atriflo nheepish over the' roporta of his domiso, ua I know th.ij.£ a latter which I id ooirod from hia pnrlnev.lBoylo, whilo tho pair woro trying to makotlivsir way to Klondyko, was tho causo of tho mmleadiug rumora being stnrtod. At tbo time littjle moto Slaviti haf boon loat fora few days. - I publiahod oxtracts from Uoylo's lottor in .the Examiner,, nnd other papors, who ro-hashed. the itom, garbled tho facts until by- the timci tho news roiichod England the impression wae'tcroatod that poor Paddy had perished in the mtows of the bleak North-west.: Jioylo is back in town now1, 'having come to San Francisco to arrango for n big supply of provisions for Slaviu and tAo other cold soekors oE tho' party. According to Jioylo (if not according to Hoylo) Paddy and tho balance of his particular push are on ve'lrot us woll aa on ice. If oach and ovory man jack of them doesn't havo oloso on a lnindi-ud tlionsand dollars when ho staggers back into civilisa tion at tho oloso of noxt Summer., Uovle is ono of the liveliest liars that lias an yot come out of Iho frozen goldfields, aud tlnutia .Bayiug a good deal. Uoylo declares that oven at Iho present moniont Slaviu's interests aro worth 'fifty thou.,' nud that tho rost of tho com'binatiou, comprising wrestler Frank Uafaol aud^ouo or two others, aro equally woll Hxod. I h,opo for Slurin's sake it is all true, but Klondyko fairy storios are so numorous that 'I hao medoots.' I thonRhc that Australian Billy. Smith vivas with tho party, but according to nows to Jriuid from Chicago' I was mistaken. Smith, it. ia said, .-.vent up against 'Kid' M'Coy inf.ho oity named rooontly, and was knocked out iin two rounds. I forgot to ask Uoylo about ' Billy,' but will do so when I moot him again. I havo a suspicion that tho Smith who wont dowu boforo M'C'oy was a ' ringer.' Jl'COY AND DAN CREEDON are stated to box. on Docomboi.- 13, at Long\ Island, near Now York. I hardly think tho mill will go through without a bitch for sovorai rensons. To begin with, I will bo surprised if the authorities allow tho festivities to proceed,' aud ovou if the way was clear in othor respects I have a suspicion that at least ono of tbo men (Al'Coy) does not moan bnsinoss. Wo shall linow nil about it though boforo vory mauy days havo passed. [Wo were apprised by onblo that M'Coy defeated Croedou.— Amateur/I I.soe that Tnt Eyan suffered doEeat on tho occasion of bis first ring engagement in Atnorica. His opponont was Gus Kuhliu, and they met in a ton round bout at New Orleans a lew nights ago. Tho contrast in height must havo boeu vory marked, usKuhlin stands about u'ft 3iu. Jvuldui did the bettor work it appears, and waa given the decision. Tom Tracoy is to havo another chanco at Joo TValoott, a thing tho Molbonruite Jias pined for over since their hist meeting. Thoy aro to box eight rounds in Chicago on December 27, but as the authorities aro keep ing ft joalons oyo on tho game ovor tbat way I don't suppose tbero will bo real bard fighting in the bout. Dan Stuart, the Toxas ficht promotor, line sold out bis interests in Dallas, and will make bis homo in New York. Stuart kept vory quiot recently, whon all tlio' rumor of another battlo having been arranged between COIiBKTT AN'D FITZSIMMONS woro flying around, but now ho ia beginning to throw out. In an intorviow a day or two ago he said that ho fnlly expected to land Corbott and Fitzaiinmuns in a 2-lft ring again noxt July. He explained that tho public wanted to soo them gut togothor onco more, and that bo ban faith in his own ability to bring about the desired mooting. As on all provious occasions, ho said ho would offer tho men libor.-U inducements, and that bo would placo matters in auch slinpo that tho boxers would bo amply remunerated in tho event ot tho promotor failiug to carry through bis contract. Stuart said that tlie combat would not of necessity taise piuuu in uarsou. jiu t.uiu iniiu ho bad no less than three battle grounds in viow, each aud every one of which had given him such proofs of protection that bo I'olt no doubt r.s to being able to pitch the ring at any of tho points hinted at. It would simply be a matter of which section offonid the best inducomonts, according to portly Dan. Tho feeling generally is that another fight between Corbett and Fitzsitnmous is coming on this Summer, and that, all reports to the contrary, somo kind of tn understanding already exists among tho rival neavy-weights aud Dallas Dan. 1 . . AlSaBeiSes. ? .'? Inapreyions lottor I mentioned that charges of professionalism had boon preferred against Bernard J.Wefoi's, tho crack nmitour sprinter of tho year. Well, tho charges havo been in vestigated by tho Amateur Athletic Union, aud the vordiot ' not proton ' has boeu re turned. ' ' It appoavs tbat Caspor Whitney, Hie ftauslio and not always consistent scribo on Harper's Weekly, was tho accusing augol, and it has boon abundantly shown that Whitney was mado use of by parties who wished to got ovon with tho Now York Athletic Club, to which Wofors owos ullugiance. Tho gist of tho charges against Wofers was that the groat sprinter had asked money from ; various amateur organisations in exolmitgo for his aorvicc3 us a sprinter, and that James Wofers, the brother, had acted as a go-botween Not a scrap of evidence, oilhor documentary or verbal, was produced to show that Wafers was guilty. Bemy himself, whilo'. giving his testimony, throw moro' light on tho affair than anyone else, tolling that he had been advisod by a. member of tho ICuickorbookor Athletic Club to got all ho could out of athletios, as ho would not be an amatour much longer. The Bamo party informed Wofors that there was no feeling against him, but that ' they wdra going to get square with Wocks,' o£ tho Now York's. , A lettor from II. S. Cornish to B. J. Wofors was also submitted. Tho sprinter waaaddrossed as ' Dear Wefers,' and after referring to reports that tho writer intended to protect Wofers, Cornish wont on to say i 'I am friondly to you, but bavo got it in for Weeks. I have nothing against tho boj'B of tho Now York Athletic Club, but I havm it iu for Wooks, and will nover lot up till I get ovon.' A uico state of things to exist surely in that puro domain, known as Amatourdom. It appears to mo that running for a small purse of moiioy on tho sly, or holping out country associations for a consideration, isn't half us deleterious to tho clean sport as plotting in tho way that Cornish and his colleagues seem to have been doing. I wonder is the A.A.U. going to lot tho matter drop. Whitney ia safely out of tbo turmoil, as ho is touring Siam 'inqnost of big game.' It is to bo hoped ho will teat tbo work better thero than be did hero. - ? ' ?'? Cycling. . Tho recognition oE tho California Associated Cycling Clubs by the League of New South Wales Wheelmen was one of the cbiof topics discussed nt the annual meeting of tho Asso ciation. Tho lottor of Socrotary^ Frod Hawley waa pronounced both Bportsmanlike and manly, and gave gonoral satisfaction to tho delegates on tho board of .governors.'' It was rcgroltod that nono of tho riders were iu a position to avail themselves of the oppor tunity of racing in the colonies. Zioglor is living quietly in San Jose, soino fifty miles from this nity, and thoro is some doubt as to his futuro movements in tho way oE racing. Tho remainder of tho crack riders of tbo Levant are still in tho Sandwich Islands, and have not been hoard from for somo timo. Thoy found their trip a profitable one, and aro now supposod to bo sight»sooing us tho gueBta of tho track management. As soon as information was received bore as to tho opportunities of racing, in Australia, word was sont the men in Hawai, in tho hope that somo of them would conliiiuoou thoro for tho big Chrial.masMdo handicap. ^ From a bioyclo dealer just retnrnod from Chicago, the ooutro of tho trado iu Ainorioa, it ia learned that the DEMAND NEXT TEAB WILL BE ALL FOB ?.-.??'?' CHEAPER WHEELS, 25dol being tho prioo many pooplo will pay, and nona going higher than (iOdol. Tho average prico of the best wheel will bo SOdol. The chainloas, which is listed at 125dol., ho thinks, will'not bo in demand, the price being prohibitive.. . ? The numbor of riders, ho says, is on tlio increase all the timo, and tho pastime has a stronger hold now than at any time in its history.:-:.-. . -.' ' ;'-?-? -. * ? Tho lowering of the prioe of wheels moans rotrsBobmozit on the part of inajjnf«aturora. and this is alroady seen in tho wilhdrairal of Iho makers .from tho support of racing, and nlso froir. tho support of special cycling papers. In conseqnenco of tho Inttor, throo of tho beat-known papers of that class— TjtK llKrciiKK, Beakinos, and Cycr.iNa Lifk— havo been consolidated, tho new publication bearing tho nanio CYCLiNa Aac. Haciiig and other fualurcs of tho sport, which practically tuako its lighter reading, aro plucod in tho background, tho papor being given ovor to 'discussion of trado topics and matters of iuterost' to repairman and dealers. This evolution of tlio cycling Press ia dirootly traeoablo to tho attention which tho daily papors havo given to Iho sport. The trado is oxpoctod to support bnfc ono paper in tlio oxtromo Cast, and there is » suurryiug to got under cover. Tho papors are all out with announcements to Iho effoot that horeafter they will bo devoted entirely to trado matters ; also that racing aud other gonoral matter cauueotod with cycling will be elimina ted. . JIHSIY M1CIIA13I, HAS ANNOUNCED HIS PARTIAL JtETIREMENT from racing. He will only accept match races now that promiae to pay woll. Thoro is. talk of his turning his talents to the Turf, whore he would rido as a juckoy. . Michael has kept up his winning BtroaU. Ho defeated 13; A. M'Dnffio in alS-milomatch race in Chicago, and a fow days lator look Titus into camp in a 25-milo match. Both woro ridden on an eiirht-lap indoor track. Miclmol rode bis 15 miles in 31min 7 2-5soc, and tho 25 in 52min 31 2-5roc. Tho attoudanco on each oeoasiou was 10,000. Aftor his Ohioigo victories Mictinot wont to Now York, and on Thanksgiving J3ve defeated Frank Starbuck, boforo what was said to bo tho largest attendance ever gathered in Madi son Squaro-Gardon. Starbuck could not bold his pacemakers after they had gone a fow miles, and was lappod repeatedly by the little Welsh woudor.. The 25 miles was ridden in SOiuin 29 l-5soc — 2tniii flaec faster than tho Chicago raco at tho samo distance. ^iCgotiations ? have ajjaiu been openod for a match race between Michael and A. A. Chase, the latter being TIIB NOTED MIDDLE-DISTANCE EIDEP. Ol'ESOLAND. '. Tho men wcro repprto'd to have boon matched somo time 'since, but at tho time Michael deniod that ho bad authorised any proposals to bo mado on hia bohalf. If tho match is arranged it will bo a momorablo one, aa tho purae.will bo tho lurgost for which ridors havo ever competed, tho amount now uumod boin' from 2S,000(lol to SO.OOOdoI. Tho matoh, if arrangod, will take placo next Spring, on ono of tho big outdoor track's. 'The Turf. All roads lead to San Franoisco just now so f«r as turf campaigners— both bipod and quadruped — are. concerned. Wo havo two tracks running fortnight about, and new plinigors and fresh car-loads of horses aro arriving daily. No doubt this continuous sport, in sunshine and iu rain, week iu and week out, would become monotonous to Aus tralians who camiot dissociate racing from bright 'weather, holiday crowds, and Sunday toga ; but they keep up tbo interest in it hero in a marvellous manner. Whoa I say ' they 'I mei\n ' the regnlars,' nstho hard-shell racogoors aro dubbed. Thoro are a low thoiisaud of them who attend ovcry day, attracted mainly by tho gambling feature oi tlio pastime. For such as thosu tho spectacular side oE racing has littlo charm. Somo oE thorn may give a yap of delight occasionally when tho numbors go up aftor n cloao finish; but only wbon tho uajj thoy havo backed has wan. J hero ar» oxceplions, of course. Wednes days aud Saturdays attract extra largo crowds, tho Wednesdays bcintr known aa ' Ladies' Days.' ? On such occasions the members of tho fair sox are admitted froo, and they help to swell tbo winnings of tho ' field books,' as tho two books that do business apart from tho main ring aro called. Tlioso field hooks accept Idol wagors. In tho other books tho smallest amount they will lay against is 2dol. On Wednesdays aud Saturdays thero is genorally an extra attraction in tho shape of a stuko race or a steeplechase The average attendance on these days in 10,000, and there is lots of cheering aud outhusiasm, no matter who wins. Thoro aro days bore when IT IS A SACRILEGE TO CALL Tin! TrTING SPOttT. Yesterday was nuo of them, and thoro will bo any numbor from mow on. A violent storm prevailed, tho aides wero black, and a swirl oC rain filled the air all day lone. The shivering jocks woro oilskins painted in rudo imitation of tho colors of the stables they represented,' and tho unfortunato nags rim knee deep iu slush. Tho sliding window ahuttorB of tha betting ring wcro kept closed, and vory fow of Iho crowd vunturcd out to sea either Ftart or finish. Thoy huddled tocothor aud muted for tho official announcer to make known tho results, and then cashed in or toro up then pool tickots and began hotting on the next raco. -.- .???.' To-day it was fine overhead, but tho track was aa heavy as liome-m'ado muffins. It was a day for tbo mud-horses, of which, it seems to mo (and there is anything in evolution), thoro will soon bo a distinct brood on this coast. Oneof tbo noblest 'mudders' of thorn all. by the way, waa Lucky Dog, a sou of old Darobiii' and Lou Lunior. Ho is an arrant rogue in mauy ways, but lio is as much at home in greasy-going as an ool. To show tho difference: The other day ho led a fiiHt field for half amilo in a six furlongs affair and then stopped like n, tothernd goat. Thoy said the hard track (it was beforo tho rain) did not suit him. To-day lie sailed airay by himself, and allowing nothing to got within livo lengths of him, won a milo and a Bixleoiitb handicap in 1 miii SOaec. Mentioning Luolty Dog aud Darebiu recalls to mind thu fact that . AN AUSTRALIAN 3IABE was placed uudor the ban at Inglesido a few days ago. ' Her name is Trance, aud sho is by. Somnus out of Debris. I understand that she was brought boro from tho colouios by Dan Halliday, who brought Stromboli on anothor occasion. G. B. Lowis ia mentioned on tho raco cards as her owner, and whether or not ho is an Australian I cannot 'sav. iloivovor, Trnnco started a couple of weeks ago, tho bookies taking liberties with her. As muoh as '30 to 1 was offered against her 'showing' or, running third,' and by tho powers sho ran second, if I remember right Well, tho pouoillors had moro rospoot for her aftor that, and no oxtravagant price8 woro offered against her. Sho finished oloso up a numbor of times, and ono day was third when the judges thought sho could havo done hotter. , A day or two later, when 12 to 1 was forthcoming against her, she gallopod oloan through a fast field, and thou the fat, was in the /ire. Tho judges had nothing to say against her winning tho race. They felt that sho had shown her truo form then, but thoy wanted tho per formance tho provious timo out explained* Thoy had up the jockey and tho trainer (Hal liday), aud tho boy in nn -attempt -to saru himself said something which incriminated Dan. Anyhow, tho jock, Halliday, and the maro were rulod off, and there aro quito a nnmborof people who cbnsidor that Dan has boon harshly treated. Tlioy fool suro that tho jockoy lied, and I think Bomo pressure will Do brought to bear to have tho oaso re opened. .. ? : .. , HuJliiiay, by tho way, has pnrohasod Gilbau, brniorlyoE tho Sproukols' string, and will, I hoar, send or tnko him to Australia for 'stud purposes. Most breodors on this eido think Giloud's blood will nick well with that of cortain of tho Australian mares. Ho is ROYALLY BRED PEOM AN AMERICAN POINT OF VIEW, being by St. Savionr out of Mistake Tho dam of tho latter was Kaley Poaso, the croat 4 milo champion. St. Savionr is by JEolus, who also sirod Morollo and Knight of Blleralio. Ono of tho Knight's most famous sons was Henry of Navarro. As for (load and gono Morollo, ho is roprosontod by Morollito aud a couple of o6hor font youngstora at tbo' present meeting in San Francisco. Giload himself wits a wondeffnl porformor hi: his day, winning any numbor of distance events. , Not lonjr ngo 10,000dol was refused for him, but Halliday did not havo to pay uuy such sum for him, I'm told. Tho so-called stooploohasoa at Inglcsido aro. moro produotivo of fnn than a furoo-oomedy.' Tho old: way. was to run light portable feuoos with brush tops aoross the track proper, and havo regulation hurdlo races. Now thoy havo oonvoHod tbo inliold into a voritablo stooplo chaso course. Thoro aro in an out turns and loops with up-hill jumps and' down-hill jumps, no that tbo nags aro always iu front of you, just as thoy aro in the grand fitialo oE a ono ring circus. , It would bo alright- if thoy had any cross country horsos hfiro.but thoy haven't. The nags don't liko tbo fences, and whilo a largo porcoulogo of tbem refuse altogbthor, others stop and climb ovor liko a snake crossin'n log To-day thoy had an event which was digni. flod; with tho uamo of 'Tho Pal aco Hotel Stakes, u handicap stooplochaao for three3'ear olda and upwards.' Thoro woro four starters, and one jookey fell off seven timos. By dint of porsovorance bo landpd hia mount third. Ho md -plenty of timo beforo him, as tbo fourth lorse retired from tbo affair soon aftor tkg start. Ho bad any number oE spectators waiting at tbo jumps to holp him back into tho saddle, and any number of hoys to got bobind him and biH mount aud 'jolly' him over tho obstacles, just aa ono would ' shoo ' it lion through a holo in a forieo. Tho horsoa that ran first and second wont at ft snail's paoo and made n auro thing of it. ' Something of n novelty in Turf cirolos on thin coast is tho formation of a ' horse-owners' i-roteotive association. The primary objnot of it is to place the owners in a position whoro thoy cun,proBont a bold front to tbo joukoy olubs whon mattors such uh increased valuu of purses como up for discussion. It is uoodloss to Bay that post mortoms will bo hold on all cases oalling for tho ruling off of horses and ownora, and that if the Association considers that any of its mambors bavo boon victims of snap judgment, ooucortcd notion will bo taken in tho matter. Just tho same, thoro is not likoly to bo any sorious disngreemont between tlio horso ownors and tho mon who control tho tracks. It appears to mo that both aides are wido awako to tho fact that there aro whole droves of churchmen and others pationtlv wailing for a woak spot to develop on tho Wintor racing! industry, so tbat thoy may attack.it tool.h and nail. Knowing thoso things, and know ing still furthor that continuous racing ia a Boft snap for both jockey clubs and owuors of horses of fair quality, tho rival factious will no doubt coutriro to patch up all their differences, and continue to fatten at tho cipenao of Iho common quarry — Iho pnblio. Come to think oE it tho ontlook for onnorB of soiling platers is particularly bright just now on tho const, as tho California!! Jookoy nilltl — nwiior nf Onlrltmil t-.rnr-1r— ia f.'ft timim gurato a Summer racing circuit. Tho Bport will begin in ibo Spring, right aftor tho Wiutor mooting olosos, and tbo points to bo raced at aro Woodland, Sacramento, San Jose, and Loa Angeles. Totiuoduratoly woll-to-do owners this will mean the maintonauoo of two strings, ono for Summer work aud tho other for mud-iarking. J. B. Haggin, tho well-known California brooder, has secured an establishment in Kentucky, and baa forwardod a couplo of car loads of brood mares to liis lately-acquired stud farm in tho blue grass country. The placo is known as Elmeidorf, or ' Sovogart's Place.' ? Tbo stallions sent thoro by Haggin urn imp. Ordor, imp. Candlemas, and .Invomil. Tho California Jookoy Club purposes in ousurating a rich stake for two-yoar-olds. It will hi) on tho lines of tho Futurity, and its full value will bo about 20,000dol. All the arraugomonts are not oomplotod yet, the an nouuecmeut being merely preliminary. ?IHUsr.eJJaiieoHS. The increased number of deaths and acci dents from ooliego football ha-o croatodcon sidorablo opposition to tiio sport, and in some sections they aro legislating ngaiust tbo pastime just as they do ngaiust pugilism occasionally. . Tho State of Georgia was ono oE THE FIRST TO ' BHUT DOWN ON FOOTBALL,' as a brothor writer puts it, and strange to say in tho same legislat-ivo session iiindnaiHtUeraufc to legaliso glovo-lightuig. Senator Josoph Mansfield, who io to tiio foro in Georgia aa an enemy oE football and an ndrocato of boxing, defends his position tlmsly: 'How in tlio uamo of common sense any oiasa of pi'opla who will allow their women folk to witness a game of college football as it is now played will object to men witnessing a scientific, fight. botiWOGn moil who nro of onudl woi-rlib ai?,i- and ability, closely watched upon llio'one hand by mon who part tho fighter.) at tho slightest effort ul foul piny, and on tho othor bv men of tho Inw, who liuve authority to stop tho entire proceedings whon Ihoro is tho slightest dis order, I can't understand. I bare attended many a fig lit in many a city in tho Union, and I. havo yut to find a city wbioh objocta to a repetition of the event.' It is beginning to look an if Goorcia will bo a biddoi- for the privilogo of housing tbo noxt Corbett-FitzsiinmoiiB lielit crowd. To return to football. It certainly baa degenerated into a brutal pastime. Thoro arn Eew exciting runs attached to a llugby game, tho enorgios of tho opposing sides being uotilincd ma'tuly to liue-huultiug. I saw but; one game this season, that botwoen Stanford and Californiun Universities, aud I saw MOKE KNOCKOUTS THAN 1 SAW AT ALL THE C.'CAJtl'IONSnrP PIQUTS t havo witnessed put togothor. Tho Stanford being tho lioavinr team, just carried their opponents before them as a locomotive snow How clears a Kiiy for itself on- tho Siorraa Itesult : Staul'ord 28, California 0. JiSoxvswg. \- It is announced that Jako Gaudaur has re ceived a cuallongo from Jim Wray, now back in England, to row for tho London Sports man Cup. Tbo Sportsman savs that tho cup represents tho championship of'tho world, and that Gaudaur must go to Ji'ugland to row for it, and to hold it and tho championship. Says au Eastern paper: 'That may bo cor rect as to tho cup, but tho champion has Iho tho priviloBo oE naming tbo conrso, aud seed ? not go to England if bo doea notwish. Wray when horo did not seem to want to row Gaudaur.' ' . Tho annual meeting and election of officers of tho Amateur Athlotic Union of America was hold recently. 11. M'Millan was elected president and J. W. Kelly first vice-president. A thorongh revision of rules and regulations was made, the most important chango being ouo which invests tho regulation couimittoo with sovereign powor like that of tho Leumio of American Wheelmen racing board. Club dues woro reduced from ten dollars to Eeven dollars and fifty cpnls. It was ouauted that no atblotio mootings shall receive sanction from tho A.A.U. if it has upon its schedulo any event which is opon to women competitors, and power was givon I to the regulation oommitteo to permanently suspend any atliloto who neglects or rofusaa within 30 days to answer questions touching upon his amateur status to tho satisfaction of tho oommittoo. It was decided that Alaska will hereafter bo iiiolnded in. tint territory of tho Paoifi« Nortb-iTostoni Association, a kind of intimation Unit tho Coat-tors are of tho opinion tbat the Kloudye ' has como to stay.' — W. W. Nauquton. 