LEGISLATIVE COUSCH TITESDAY. NOVEMBER 22. Tlie President (Hon. Sir B. C. Baker) took the Chair at 2 p.m. PETITION-LAW REFORM BILL. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING presented a petition from the University of Adelaide graying that sections 4. 5, 6, aad 8 of the [jiiv Reform Bill should be - struck out Received and read. The Han. J. L. STIRLING moved 'Thnt the petition be printed.' Carried. OAWLER WATERWORKS. The lion. J. WARRbxS asked when the Enginecr-in-Chief s letter, from whica the Lldef Secretary and Mr. Basedow quoted on Wednesday and Thursday* of tbe pre rious week, would be laid on the table of the CouiiciL The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon; J. V. O'Loghlin) said the letter would be avail ib!e on the following day. The whole of it was read byvMr. Basedow, and had been printed in 'Hansard.' POLICE DEPARTMENT. The Hon. G. McGREGOR asked what tvas the amount of fees and tines collected by the Police Department from. July 1, 1897\. to June 30, 1898. The CHIEF SECRETARY replied that the amount was as follows:— 'Publican's permit*, £1,152 5s.: hawkers' licences, m« 17s. 6d.; totalizator licence*, £7(i Us.; police supervision of totalizators, £66; maintenance of police south of Barrows Creek, N.T., £900; escort of bullion, £41 13s. 4d.; sale of cast horses, &c;, £33 17s. 9d.; prisoner*' unclaimed [jropcrty, £4 Is. 10d.; repayments, £8 17s. /tl.: uniform allowances refunded, £10 as.; sundries, £«0 la. 0d.; total, £1,347 14s. (kL 1'oe-t recovered from Corporations and District Councils, collected by the Crown Linda Department, being half-cost of maintenance of foot police in suck 'districts, £6,036 14s. 2d., making a grand total of £7,404 8*. 8d. Tbe statement was ex rlu.«ive of the amount collected on account of Police Fund, viz., £491 ISs. lid.' PERSONAL EXPLANATION. The lion. E. \VARD said it was im personal explanation. He had been fre Suently referred to in that chamber, and lie statement had been circulated by tlie Press and ''Hansard' throughout the country, as having detained a certain book, viz., 'Weedon's', Morality of the Prohibi tion Laws,' which belonged to the Parlia mentary Library. He had told the Coun cil frankly where it was, and he had now secured its return. The PRESIDENT— Docs the hon. mem ber think that is a matter of pressing public importance? The Hon. E. WAlw said it was im portant to him. He had been charged at various times with having detained the book. Now he had secured it he hoped members would read H. The PRESIDENT-The hon. member is going too far. The Hon. E. WARD— Itv contains a lot of logical information. Anyhow, I have made my explanation. YERJUN DISTRICT OF YARLEY. The CHIEF SECRETARY nioved 'That the plan of the proposed Vermin. District of Varley, luid before Parliament, be approved.' Hon. members would find the t-Uui and particulars of the proposed district in Parliamentary Paper No. 100. The Yarley Vermin District adjoined the C'arriowerioo District, and was situate due north of Port Augusta. Tlie leaseholders within the proposed boundaries were Jlestrs. .7. and W. Itrennan, W. Hurt, and ]». Dixon, Mr*. ('.. Fitzgerald, Messr*. D. Ilealcy, .J. £L Le^tnaim. and \V, T._Mort lock, M.1V Mrs. Margaret MorUoek, Mr. and Mrs. Jloseley. the Ostrk-U Coui|Muy, Mestsis. \V. 1'ciuui. and \V. Pcnna, jnn., Mrs. A. M. Penan, Messrs. W. CJ. Pr --or un.l \\\~. J. Rayuor, Mrs. Richardson, Mcv-rs. A. D. Sawers, F. A. Tentiiutt. aud T. Vounp. jun. The principal holders were Mr. W. T. Mort !ock./with 12:13 wiuarc miles; and Mr. W. G. Prjor, with 1191 square miles. Accord ing to tlie Surveyor-GeneraJ the total area ortlic district was 382 square miles, of which -'175 square miles was leased, the remaining seven miles being Crown lands and travelling-stock roads. The i«ti lioiierx held 292} wjuare miles. The total length of boundary was 96A miles, about lrU miles of which uiljoined the Carrie werloo Vermin District and tho Ostrich Company's leas*.^. which were verniin nroof fenced. au-l XI uiilex of the boumlarv kvas Jenced with orninar-' fenctne. which ttoulfl rci|tiirc to be made vermin- proof, file estimated cost of new fence, making Ixnindary fences vermin-proof, and for lialf-tth't of vermin-proot fencing already crec-tcij. was £3.000. awl a. rate of 12s. l-er mile would meet annual instalments. The formation of the district was recom mended. Carried. HR0WN LANi-$ AMENDMENT BILL. Adjourned debute on the second read ing. (November 16.) The Hon. A. R. ADD1SON eonjtratulated the Government upon the introduction of this Bill, wliich if properly administered would affonl very great relief tn many persona now on the Innd beside* being of advantage to the colony at large. He imagined that the chief discussion would hinge on clauses 4, 5, and 7. He vn» very itkul that it was proposed that there should lie an extension of tlie area which a man was permitted to hold, because in many cu---ei- the holdings were much too wnaH to be profitalily worked. At first sight it micht- seem that to give a man. an area raOieiently larce to euable him to keep 9,000 sheep was allowing him to take up too much country, but when the character of the land wan considered to which tbe proposal applied it would be seen that it was not too large. A man required not only a sufficient area to permit of his making a living upon it, but also suffi cient to allow him to educate his children. He wan glad that the power was to rest with the SVTeyor-General and the Commissioner of |*rown Lands. (Hon. .7. H. Howe--'That'« the weakest point in the Bill.') A short tinw ago he ventured to make a remark that the Surveyor- General bad been a curse to the colony, and he was jumped upon all round. Tbe hon. gentlemen \rho then condemned him were now xpeaking in the same manner, (lion. Msmbera— 'No.') They said in effect that the Surveyor General wa* not a. tit and proper person to administer this Act He was willing to give the Surveyor-General a chance to admini ster the land Laws in a more liberal spirit than ho luid done hitherto. It was just nhont time we abolished the Land Boards. They ha*i done pood and useful work, but the expeiim was becoming too great to bear, immediate relief wa»*wanted, and if this Hill were going to tic of any use at all it should not he nullified by having every matter referred to the Land Board, wliich would take considerable time to go into. An instance of the great expense of the Land Board wa* that in which the cost of inspecting certain land about which there was an application for reduction of rent was £128— a sum equal to three yean' reni of that land. It would be far better for tlie colony tn err a little on the ride of leniency and let the farmer* have the benefit nf it He had never favoured the Land Boards ai at present oonstituted^lthough he was one of the first to speak publicly in favour ol the establishment of. the Boards. His ides was that each District Council should hav« been formed into a land Board, and they could have dealt with the land at very little expense. The Land Boards used to have 1 carriage and four to drive them about and another conveyance for -their provisions. He never imagined a Board of that sort would ever be' formed. It would be well if thii Bill were allowed to remain as it was thai nil matters of reduction of rent referred to the Surveyor-General. Although pro vision was made for granting land thai would carry 5,000 sheep it did not meat that every person was to have that. Judg ment would be exercised regarding the dan of land. He was certain that in thai country where there had been great distress there had been too little bind given anc too much rent charged; and the small max hud had to overstock ia order to make any thing. That was a very foolish course, anc could only end in ruin. The objection hac been raised that if they were going to giv- such a large area of land as would earn 5,000 sheep they would depopulate th- greater part of the country. He did tuv fear that at all. It would he far better U have a few men occupying the land profit ablv than % larger number occupying i without the possibility of Betting * living [Hon. 6. McGregor— 'That in land mono poly, is it not?') No; it was wwe legis lation. His experience of the North was that even in those districts which were strictly agricultural the holdings were too nnall, excepting in favoured spota like Jamestown. If the Northern Area* were :ver going to be profitably farmed agricul turists should have such a quantity of land Lhat they could have 300 acres under wheat, lie was speaking of Walloway Plains, Wil lowie. Pinda, Johnsburg, Carrieton, Wilson, tnd Hammcud country. A. farmer should liave sufficient laud for grazing m welL He thould always have 300 acres to fallow, and ihould never put that fallow in unless there tvere summer rain*. There was only one ivay in which that course could be adopted, uul that was by combining wheatgrowiug uid sheep-carrytiig. That could only be done by an increase in their holdings, lie wras quite sure that the Conimiaeioner arid ?urveyor-GeneraJ could go through from 70 lb 80 applications ever}' day, and deal with them as successfully as the Land Boards, could. The Hon. J. LEWIS was exceedingly pleaded that the Government had 'brought forward such a liberal Bill. However, several amendments were required. The Bill was rather onesided, as it seemed to be intended For the smaller men. He objected to the Bill only allowing perpetual leases. Accord ing to a statement of the Surveyor-General the majority of applicants favoured the right-of-purehase system. A lessee should have the right to take a perjietual lease, a grazing and cultivation lease, or a right of purchase. No doubt legislation was re quired for that part of the country to which this Bill referred. It would be well to allow the holder of a miscellaneous lease to sur render and take another in lieu thereof. Ihere was a provision insisting on reference to the Commissioner of Crown Lands. The House should deal frith that. No lessee would agree to improvemisceUaneousleases. because he did uot know when tlie laud might not be resumed. He would have very much preferred to see a consolidated Bill brought in. Clause 5 was unneceiteary, and so were subsections 1 and 2. It was pro vided that no one should hold land beyond the value of £5,000. He would- like to know who was going to value it. (Hon. G. McGregor— 'Let the laudlord do it.') He did not think lie could do it. The land varied s-- much in value. Country that was worth £1 an acre some time ago was only worth 2s. 6d. an acre now. ft was very difficult to arrive at the value. They would not get nny man in South Australia to do it. Similar difficulty applied to the provi sion regarding the capacity of land to cany 5,000 sheep. It was almost impossible to lix a number, because country which carried 100 sheep a while ago would not now carry 5. Much of this country had been overstocked and damaged by vermin. It was soft country, and very soon drifted. Last Sunday and Monday a duxfcrtorm raged for 50 miles east of the Bum, and lens of millions of tons of soil was swept away. That country was getting worse, and the longer it watt occupied as it was tlie worse it would become. It was essentially a pastoral country, and should never have been cultivated, lie would be one to bring in a Bill to prevent wheatgrowing on saltbush country. Others had lost money besides those who went on to that country. Farmers had lost money, and money had been privately sub scribed in thousands, and merchants had given them credit, and would have to do so r' 1. There bad been, bad legislation in past, and he was afraid that the legis lators of to-day were no better than their predecessors of forty or fifty years ago. .Many people had held county within hun dreds, and he knew of two or three eases where they sold out and bought fairly large holdings in the North inside counties. Their money had been spent in purchasing those properties, and if the Bill were al lowed to itass in its present form they would not receive any benefit from its -rovi*ions. Large and small holders should tave the right to the same concessions. He hoped subsection 1 of clause 5 would be struck out. He agreed that the working men's holdings should be increased. (Hon. A. R. Addisou— 'They are quite big enough.') A man should have the right to better his position when be could. He did not believe in a injin and his wife holding blocks. That did not tend to settle people on the land. A man might go away to the other colonies. (Chief .'Secretary— 'The woman will work the block.') They wanted both of them to stay and bring up their family. There har -een no end to the alteration of 'the land cgjslation in tlie last twenty years, and he toped that the Bill would prevent a con tinuance, of that. He trusted members would give settlers on that country all the consideration possible, and that the ques tion would be speedily dealt with. He agreed with Mr. AdJisQQ tbat one or two good officers could go through SO or KA applications in a day. There was no nc cvmrity for the Laud Board to go over the country. 'Jite CHIEF SECRCTARY. in renlv. «iid Hint if the Land Boards were requira to deal with the various application* thai would come tinder the Bill it would mean delay and prevent to a great extent the lenefits of the measure being received by those waiting for its operation for a con siderable time. The Land Boards had al ready had the opportunity to deal with the country. (Hon. W. Russell— 'They have the required knowledge, then?' Hon. J. H. Howe— 'Hear, hear; that is the answer.') They had fixed the rents. -and te did not blame them, becauxe it wa* impossible to foresee the dry seasons and the consequences resulting from the inroads of vermin and other conditions which had o|-erated ngainxt settlement. It was now fair to allow the Surveyor-General to have the opportunity to deal with them. Mr. Warren's s|ieevh was iu favour of liberal land Ictfi-dation. but hi* criticisms showed that he wanted to curtail the benefit* of the Bill. He was not in favour of making it retrospective. Tlie revision wait bacl to 1891 to cover tlie bad seasons. Tlie hon. member also expressed regret that thoee in charge of the Crown Lands Department did not understand the wants of the settlers, and were not pemcated with a iberal conception of what was required. If that was intended to have any bearing on the present occupant of the office it was altogether beside the mark. He hac been a former for many veare, had settle* on the borders of the fringe country and the dry area*, had plenty of opportunity to observe the wants of the settlers, and fully comprehended their needs. What Wits more, he had done all that was pos sible to relieve them. Tlie Bill had been framed on tlie information placed at their disposal by the farmers in those districts. At various meetings during the past two or three years resolutions had been formu lated and passed embodying their pro PchrU, and they had been laid before the Government and considered. If the Bill were passed in it* present shape farmers in the dry district* would be well satis ied with it. It would enable them to battle with their conditions and live on otherwise untenable holdings. Mr. Howe, whose experience and knowledge of Crown land matters they all admitted, had rather mixed matters in relation, to clause 5. and confused subsections 1 and 2. There was very little of the land, a thousand acres of which would .support a family, dealt with under subsection 2. It was country further out than that dealt with by sub section 1, and had been taken up generally with tbe idea of allowing those who had jotdings in better country with a fair rain fall to combine grazing with their farming operations. (Hon. W. Russell— 'Name a district that appli«« to.'') Jt applied to a considerable., amount of land on the West Coast. (Hon. W. Russell —'Give me one in the North.') It applied to some of the fringe country— land where the hon. member had settled for many vears— and in the Hun dreds of Coglin, Cavanagh, and Paratoo, and other*. The question of the numbei of acres the Bill would allow a man to hold wax altogether beside the question. Was 5,000 sheep too many with which t« enable a man to get a living? (Hon. J. Lwis— 'If it is a lwd season he cannof make a living.') He took it that' th- number had been fixed on the'basut of pasf experience. It had been put that th- carrying capacity of that land wan more than 50 sheep to the mile. GeneraJlj speaking, he was informed that in areraff seasons it would carry from 80 to 120 Therefore it was not the worst of then country and of that character that wouk enable a man to get a. fairly comfortabh living in average seasons. As a result ol experience tlie farmers themselves said thai a carrying capacity of 5,000 sheep was no( too much iu that very -uncertain count n and climate. He trusted that the Counet would not alter the main provisions of th- Bill. If they were going to extend it b\ taking in the right-of-purehase leases anc country settled for many years when then wa* not any pressing necessity they wouk open up a great question. - He asked then to pass the Bill in its present shape. Carried. In Committee. Clauses 1 and 2 passed. Chuue 3— 'Leases may be surrenderee for perpetual lease.' The Hon. J. L. STIRLING said they haii set apart portions of the country for thi growth of timber, and the land had beet let on miscellaneous and cultivation leases Under the clause the lessee* would be al lowed to surrender for perpetual lease* and that would mean alienating their tore-i land altogether. That was very undesirable He would move to add the following pro vuo at die end of the clause:— 'Nor ii the cs*e of a lease sranted under part v. -S the Woods and Forest* Act of 1SS2, ex ccpt so far as L« provided in section 24 o Act 5S4 of 1833.' The condition of thing: would remain as now— that was. that th- lessee of a forest reserve would be able t- ttt ft pexpstual leajst o£ 290 aott of his laiv The Hon. J. LEWIS moved to insert liter 'iiernetuid'' in the fourth line the words 'right of purchase, or grazing and cultivation,' and to strike out all the word* after. 'Act.' People should have a chance of taking either a right- of-purchase or perpetual lease, et^ecially n* the Sur rey or-lJenetol had pointed out that the majority of the applicants favoured right of purchase. Miscellaneous leased should be treated an Ctvwu leaxe*. TheJIon. J. WARREN supported Mr. Lewis a amendment. Nothing prevented |-eople from improving land m much a* le refusal-to .give the right to do what they liked witji the land. (Hon. D. M. Charleston— 'Doesn't a pcrpAiial leave ftive the right to do that?') The general impression was that right of purchare'enve a. more secure holding. People should iiavc the option of taking up a nght-of purchase or perpetual lease. The Hon. J. 0. BICE said those who look up land with the rightof purchase were doubtless pos*e«seil of the dexirc to have something which they could call their own; but, after all. it was only uomiually their own. He believed that a lot' of the dirli culties which the fanners were buffering from to-day was owing to iheir having the right of purchase. They borrowed money and made obligations when tbe xetMons were good to i«y it back. The uecuritv given under a perpetual lease by this Bill wan as great as would be obtained under right; of purchase. TIiowj who wanted the concessions which this Bill sought to giTe them were, he ventured to say. not iu a position to dictate terms. It would be in the interests of the lessees and of the country to btick to the rlauxc. The Hon. D. 3L CHARLESTON hoped taC the amendment would not be pressed. If they wished to act honestly they should nob pretend to sell -land, because the Crown never actually gave up the right to msse&ion.; The peraou should have tlie and for the rental value, subject, of course, to the laud tax, which embraced the in crement accruing. The majority of the people held that it had been a inwtake for the Crown to have parted with land, l^uid was for use only, and in this Bill the indi vidual would have the right to the land for use. The great business of the City of delaide was mostly done on leased land. That was fhown in Rundle-street. He hoped that the system of perpetual leasing would be upheld. The Hou. A. W. SANDFORD said the Bill was to encourage settlement. It was a relief measure. Why not give people the option of having the system they pre ferred. He would vote with the amend mettt. Mr. Charleston'a illustration in re gard to leased lands in the city was a little out of place. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING mid that the principle embodied in tlie Dill was a dis tinct negation of the policy of any future alienation of Crown lauds. It was there fore proposed that Parliament should give tbe farmers who wanted them certain con cessions if they would only agree to the terms imposed by the Legislature. It seemed to him very unfair mat Parliament should take advantage of the tenant'* neces sities to force Iioiue this principle of non alienation of Crown lands, he therefore supported the amendment. The Hon. G. McOREGOR said it was because right-of-purehase leases encouraged and made possible land monopoly that the advocates of the perpetual-leasing system were so firm in their position. Mr. Stirling bad not told members why people in the past had favoured right-of-purchuae leases in preference to perpetual leases. It was notorious that when lands had been valued for right-of-purchase leases they were valued as low as possible, and only 1} per cent, was charged on the capital value in rental, while in the cane of perpetual leases the lands had been valued as high as pos sible, and double tbe rent luid been charged. The CHIEF SECRETARY complained liat Mr. Stirling had not put the case fairly before the Council To state that the Government desired to take advantage of the necessities of the farmers was alwo lutdy without foundation. He hoped that the amendment proposed by Mr. Lewis would be rejected. The Hon. J. WARREN pointed out that under the perpetual-leaning system, with out revaluation, the Government would have only been receiving to-day about 7d. or 8d. per acre for the lands around Ade aide. He claimed that the occupiers of the and ought to be free to act independently. They ought not to be under tho thumb of any individual. * He could ace no objection to the amendment. The Hon. W. RUSSKLL said his attitude was that those who hod perpetual leases or right-of-purchase lease*, aud required a concession, should get it; hut that was provided for in another part of the Bill. Tlie present iwltcy of the country was to jro in for closer wettletnent and repurchase laud.' When we had to buy kind we ought to stop sellinpr. lie was opposed to tying up iu very targe block*, lie did not think many would purtluu-e land at 17s. (id. or even 15s. an actc if they could secure it on perpetual lea*c for lid. an acre. Tlie cause of so much trouble among the farnicrn to-day was that when they took up their land they had to pay down large sums to purchase it. If the farmers had to |wy only a rental value year by year, as decide* by the Laud Board*, what a difference it would make, lie could not rapport tiie amendment. It was not wu-c to condemn a svstem because they had ex]-erienced two ban seasons. He bad lived 011 the land, and liad reaped 8 bushels. With a gooi rain in September thi* year there would have been a good return. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON said that no one looking back could come to any other conclusion than that it would have been better if 110 land in the Northern Areas hud been sold. Their farmers would lie in a better position. It was a discreditable Act. The CHAIRMAN-Order. The hon. member must not cull au Act of Parlia ment diitcreditahle. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON Raid the Act was a good one for the fanners and a ImuI one for the colony. If they hnd given tliem perpetual leases instead of passing that Act tlie colony would be. better. No sane man would attempt to purchase land when ie could Ret it at such low rentals. Wlirn Mr. Copley was Commissioner of Crown Lands he opposed all he vouhl the system of perpetual leasing, and it was owinir to the obstacles he threw in its way that : was not so popular as it should he. He was sot in favour of building up forge estates. &\- long as the Land Repurchase Act was in existence bo loug would he ad vocate perpetual leasing. The H00VD. M. CHARLESTON said that if the perpetual-leasing system, with a tax on the lease, had been fixed at the start of tlie colony there would not now be any need for all sorts of inquisitorial taxen. In proportion i» the values created by the community increased w- would tlie revenue from the rental value increase, and the cost ot' government would be met. Thatprinciple would work well. The one great reooon why so many young men were leaving the colony was the existence of the laudpur chase system. Many cases could be pointed out where an effort to obtain the fcc-simple of their land had burdened the families with debt and made them slaves. The Hon. J. H. HOWE pointed out that the amendment which had been suggested by Mr. Rua*eil to clause 8 would rave the people an option to reduce their purrbase monev or take up a ]terpetual leone. and therefore he would support the clause as 1 The Hon. J. WARREN said Mr. Char leston's argument really amounted to the Single- tax League's proposals. He hoped the amendment would be accepted. In the other colonies people could purchase splen did land at 10s. an acre, and were allowed twenty years in which to pay the purchase money. (Hon. D. it. CharleatoM— 'Where, in Queensland?') He was particularly re ferring to Western, Australia. The Hon. R. i-. GUTHRIE did not see the force of the amendment 4 all. -What would be the use of surrenderinir a miocel laneou* lease for the purpose of taking up a grazing and cultivation lease? The Bill as it stood was all that watt asked for or required. The fanners in the North no* saw clearly enough the advantage of per petual leases in preference to nghtofpur dTta1CHIEF SECRETARY said that as there were one or two other matters which he would like to look into he would move —'That the clause be postponed.' Carried. The Hon. J. H. HOWE pointed out that sections 4. 5, 6. and 7 all hinged ou clause 3, and ought to be al«f- ppsUioned. The CHIEF SECRETARY admitted that section 4 hinged on clause 3, and he moved therefore— 'That clause 4 be post poned.' Carried. (Jlauoe 5— 'Conditions of surrender. The Hon. A. W. SANDFORD was not clear as to the meaning of subsection 1, particularly as regarrlea the second line. Did the lands referred to there mean Crown lands? As he thought they did he moved to insert after 'other' the word Tbe^CHIEF SECRETARY said th« clause was intended to prevent any permit from holdineaCrown or freehold lands be yond tbe value of £5,000 unless they al ready held them. Any person now holding bnd up to £5,000 value would be debarred from increasing ids holding. The Hon. J. LEWIS would like to tee the clause struck out altogether. Those who held l«ue* now, whvtber large 01 small, ought to have the right to surrender. The Hou. J. H. HOWE pointed out tbat the subsection under din-uwion should be read in conjunction with the next subset tion in order to disc-lose it* real meaning. He was glad to hear that our pastoral countrv in the North wa* capable of --arrV' ing 150 sheep to the mile. He had nevei seen the country which was raid to be cap able of carrying that number of sheep, and iraujd like to www where it yiu uttatei ie evidence taken by the Pastoral Com nissiou showed that it- was capable of laming only about 50 sheep to the mile. The CHIEF SECRETARY contended hat as a maximum tbe 5,000 was none too many. ? Tlie Hon. J. L. STIRLING thought a rood deal of injustice would be done if tbe amendment were noil carried. Any de uruWe tenant having land elsewhere would -c debarred from this country. (Chief Seerctarj'— 'There is a limitation now.'» He was aware of thafa, but we should do all »e reaxonubly could to get this land nettled. The Hon. G. McGREGOK mud Hint sec ing this laud was cut up with the view of iU being nettled in smaller blocks it wa- 1 wise policy to preserve the limitation, lie would be prepared to extend the maxi mum number of sheep to 10,000. The Hon. W. RUSSELL wns inclined to igree with Mr. Sondford that the word 'Grown' should be inserted. Small frcc toiders would lie debarred from getting the land under the BUI. If the amendment were noli sanctioned the latter part of i-laitfc. 7 must be struck out. The action of the Chief Secretary in postponing «*r lain clause* had been very rinburnisKine to others, as well as himself, who wished to propose amendments. The CHIEF SECRETARY pointed out utfi limitation of area had been the law of the land for years, and quoted the Act of 1803 in support of that. He was surprised ut Mr. KuxtieH, who would not allow a man to hold a lease that would cam' more limn 3,000 sheep, and still would vote for an amendment which would let a man hold 20,000 or 30.000 acres. Tbe clause in the Act of 1893 dealing with educational aud miscellaneous leases excepted city and town ship lands, and the present Bill made no exception. (Hon. D. M. Charleston— 'I link it » intended to embrace all bums. ) He agreed with that, but the second subsec tion dealt with pastoral lands, and a man could not keep many sheep on a rily allot ment] worth £5,000. If the amendment were carried they would depart from the present law. They could hnd plenty of applicants for land now. The lion. J. H. HOWE was not satisfied with the explanation. He might hold £3,000 worth of land in fee-simple, £1.000 worth on right of purchase, and a miscel laneous lease, and there was nothing to prevent him surrendering the righf-of- rurvhasc and miffoeilaneous leases and ob taining a perpetual lease, «o long a» it did not exceed a carrying capacity of ftjWO sheep. He would stake bis reputation on tat reading. The Hon. J. WARREN referred 1o Mr. Bice's statement that it was necessary for a iiereon with a run in the Far North to have a place lower down to broetl xtm stock. He knew a iwatoralist who held land near Adelaide which would iiati «trry one sheeiu but the value would exceed £5,000. He would be unable to- get 11 piece of laud under that clause unlcs* the word 'Crown' were inserted. The inser tion of the word would also increase the competition for land which was cxccdingly f-i*tiL- The Hon. A. W. SANDFOK1) failed to follow the Chief Secreton-V argument. He knew of an estate which held a property for pastoral purposes within liumlreds on which the holders hnd.spent £to 1 per mila for vermin- proof fencing, and tjiey had property in other part* of^f. «M°iiy. ?hey would be debarred from holding other lands if they wanted to take advantage of Tlie question was put-'That the word proponed to be inserted be so «w™a, This was declared carried. The CHTKF SECRETARY called for a division, which 'AJef ffiSyiL P- F. Basedow. IL R AFuTfe':i. S. J Martin -W- £«**». J. L. Stiriint 8. Tomkinson, h. )&«*(??? Warren, C. Willcox, and A. W. bandford (tNoel* 10.-Hon«. H. Adams. A. R Ad disonTJ. G. Bice, D. M. Charleston, R. h. 'uthrie, J. H. Howe, G. M«-3regor, \\\\. A. lSn, Sir K. T. iJmiUi, and J. V O'Loghlin (teller). J&ffitfv.; fe^Twould move to strike out '5,000,' with the view of insert imV '3000.' He did not expect to get the support of all tho Pastoral Coinimsmoii. as the member* of that body «ul been amongst Hie big men. He knew by cxiHn ence Suit 3.000 Wnwa«a.ni»le to nuJjc a living. (Hon. E. \Vard-'No. ) \\\lut id U-c hon. member know about it ? flic hon. member bad a lot of land; had he ever stocked it? The hon. member years hro advocated closer setUemait; quite «lifferen from what he was, doing to-day. H ««c laiij were stocked as required under tlie Bill it would require 60,000 acres 111 some parts, 'the average farmer in thcoutride country held considerably over 1,000 acres. H the clause ? were carried it would mean Iha thousands of |K»|Je would be driven out of the colony. If they had a Hmallcr area a man with limited means would be 111 u *Uer position to combat the dog pen. The lion. A. W. RANWOBI* moved to insert 'Crown' «ft«r 'other' in line li to make the subsection consistent with the preceding one. Amendment ''''^I-.,,,,-,,. T . t . The Hon. \V. UUSSELL moved Ins amendment. ?...-»«, , ? , -u The Hon. E. WARD, replying to Mr. Russell, said it was quite true he did advocate -lf*er settlement He was the moving spirit for doser neUicmcut y«ars arai when they were dealing with the nch lands of the colony, such a» Booyoolie, an- the Iran, member had fanned on some of the land and made a fortune. (Hon. u. UuHboll- 'Oh. no; not a fortune. ) It was all very well for the ho*. niuml-cr to make a siieah for dertionoering pun****-. The Hon. W. RUSSELL asked if the hon. member were iu order in imputing motives ° lie CHAIRMAN'-I take it that the hon. member is rcplving to remarks made by the hon. member himself. The Hon. li WARD said Mr. IJussdl knew that he had not the ghost of a I'luuice of buing rc-clccted for the North-bastern District. , , The CHAIRMAN— Door the hon. mem l-er think that that has anything to do with the clause? The Hon. B. WARD said that the bon. member's only harbour of refuge was in opposing him in the Northern Pistnrt. They were dealing now with iiifiuidr mmiii try 'because it was destitute of a propc rainfall, and in opposition to Mr. Russell, who had taunted him with very unl-eM-in- me. grace. He claimed that an area Mifli dent to carry 3,000 sheep was not enough to enable a roan to live. (Hon. W. Uusjsdl 'You kuow nothing about it.' ) There waa no man whose hand bad fallen heavier or whose acts l«d done more irreparable harm to South Australia than the Hon. Thomas Pluyfonl. (Chief SeoeUry- 'South Aus tralia does not think to.') No; South Australia liked to be humbugged very ° The CHIKF SECRETARY contended that Mr. KumbcH'si proposal was l»Ui in consistent and unnecessary- An arc* capable of carrying 5,000 sheep waa not more than was necemuy to enable a map in this partieuhur country to earn a liveli hood. ? Tbe Hon. J. LEWIS disagreed with the amendment, and thought that Mr. Russell had based his proposal upon the character of the country around Jamestown. The Hon. J. H. HOWE naked Mr. Russell to withdraw his amendment tem porarily. He had every confidence in tltc BiU as it stood so long as the matter wai left in the hands of a competent tribunal. The Hon. W. RUSSELL asked leave lo withdraw the amendment. He did not in tend to run from one district to seek elec tion in another as had been suggested by Mr. Ward. The Hon. J. WARRLm thought thai some arrangement should be made In which an the outside pastoral country wat reached the number of sheep should be in creased. He was willing, however, to leave the waiter in the hands of a competent tribunal. The Hon. 0. MeGRBGOR hoped that '5,000*' would he struck out and '10,000' substituted. If Parliament limited tht number of sheep to 5,000 or :t,-M0 then would be no possibility of future sub division for tbe families of the people whe settled on these lands. The Hon. J. H. HOWE reminded mem bers that in 1896 the Warcowie property, which comprised 100 odd square mileo, win resumed for closer-settlement purpose*, and there bad been no greater advocate ol this course than Mr. McGregor. On thi basin of fifty sheep to the mile tbat holdinf would carry only 5,000 sheep, and unrlei (lie Bill could be held by one person. Th- Government gave a premium of £3,00( cash to the lessee for the resumption ol \Varcowie. Yet Parliament was guing .t( give better lands away under the Bill. ' Tbe Hon. A. R. ADDISON did not thinl Mr. Howe had improved Ids case. It woulc be an absurd thing to Ray that the maxi mum should only be 3,000. The Hon. E. WARD asked tbe Chief Sec retary to resume before taking A division Au lion, gentleman had left with the under standing that the Chief Secretary would rwume at once. The CHIEF SECRETARY said it wo«W be unreaHorwblc to resume after all thi dixuanon. He told tbe lion, gentleman re ferred to that he would rejumc when thii clause had been disposed of. The Hon. W. RUSSELL reminded Um Cumniittee that he had asked permission to withdraw his amendment, and was nol allowed to do so. The ouertion was put— 'That tha wnrdi proposed to bo struck out stand.' Thii was declared carried. The Hon. W, RUSSELL called for a division, but snbse quently withdrew biavesiL Clause patted. rmgrcM reported. Coinmittoo to sMI igaiu Wednesday, November 23. PAPERS. Laid on U10 table by tbo CHIEF SECRE TARY:— Puniuaiiti to Statute— Amend* inentii of and Additions to tho General awk of the Independent Order of Rrcha liites. liy Command— Kcjfort of tho Aged* |xx-r Royal ConinuMiin. ADJOURNMENT. At 0.12 p.m. tho Council adjourned until Wednesday. November 23, at 2 p.m. 