FOURTH TEST MATCH. THE AUSTRALIANS BATTING. GOOD BOWLING AND FIELDING. INTENSE HEAT IN MELBOURNE- A CURIOUS COLLAPSE AND A FINE RECOVERY. MAGNIFICENT INNINGS BY I-IILL. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) MELBOURNE, Sunday.— In the manner of the test matches which have already gone before it this season, the test cricket match which began hero yesterday furnished Its sensations, for after losing six ot their best wickots in short order for a miserable 58 "runs, tho Australians made a fine recovery, and when stumps were drawn they had lost hut one moro wicket, and the total was 275. For this, of course, Hill was principal ly responsible; but the greatness of his perfor mance must not be allowed to dwarf that of Trumblo, who helped hint to add luB runs for the seventh wlckct. Trumblo was there to keep his wicket up, and he kept,' it up. For very nearly threo hours he played almost wholly a defen sive game, and left it to his partner to do the run-getting. If he had forced tho paco at ail. Hill would havo boen baked, and that would never have done. Trumblo gave a chance at the wicket about a third of the way through his innings, but otherwiso be was safe, and his bat ting, though slow, was never quite dreary. There was decision in his strokes, and although he did not attempt to score with any speed, he stood up to the bowling and met the ball with the full face of tho bat. In a word, he played admirable cricket ot the sort required at tho time, and as he departed everybody regretted that he had missed his 50. His success was all the more con spicuous after the downfall of the batsmen in front of him, and tills downfall It is not possible to oxplain. The bowling was good, but not brilli ant, and at any rate It was not noarly good enough to account for such a collapse. Those who In sisted that any explanation was bettor than none presently began to cast tho blame upon tho wickot, which, before tho commencement of tho game, had worn a lovely appearance. It was Im possible, however, to fix the responsibility there. Tlio umpires declared the wicket to bo excellent, Bannerman adding a qualifying opinion to the effect that It was a trifle on the slow side. At the start Trott stated that it was nothing to complain of; and Iredalo and Noblo thought It was very slow at the pavilion end. It was M'Leod who gavo it tho worst character of all, and ha described it as "a bit choppy." Taking this tes7 timony 111 tho built, it is fair to conclude that there was not much wrong with the pitch. At tho samo timo It is to bo admitted that before lunch it was slow, the ground being damp on tho surface, and the bowlers woro able to make tho ball bite. It seems that of late, to tho disgust of many of tlio players, it has becomo tho cus tom on tho Melbourne Ground to cover tho wicket with a tarpaulin ovor-night If there is the remotest possibility of rain. This Is a course, it will be noticed, which is often recommended by correspondents to the newspapers. On Friday the ground was watered, as usual, and in tho evening tho tarpaulin was laid down. Tho result was that the moisture came to tho surface and was confined thoro by the covering. This moisture, however, soon eva porated, and after the luncheon adjournment the wicket was East and truo. Two-thirds of the runs, or thereabouts, wero mado by Hill, and his Innings was ono that will always linger in tho memories of those who saw It. Going In when M'Leod was out for ono run, Hill mado 1S2 out of tho 274 put on whilo ho was at tho wickets, and never onco did he look lika getting out. For just ono over ho was in diffi culties against Hearnc, hut before and after that ho had tho howling at bis mercy, and for most of the time he flogged It right well. There was an interval when ho went moro slowly, and that was when there was somo danger of the Austra lians being out by about tho tea adjournment. Rain being expected to-day. It was Important that tho Hnglishmon should not get an opportu nity on tho good wleket before the wet came, and timo was tlioroforo of as much value as runs. But, thanks to Trumblo, tho collapse was avert- turned to Ills merry posting game. Comparisons are proverbially odious, but thoy are nouo tho less inevitable sometimes. It Is impossible not to contrast Hill's performance with that ot Dar ling at Adelaide. Tho comparison is out gt sight in Hill's favor. Darling gavo threo chances, mado a multitude ot bad strokes, and was fre quently uncomfortablo. Moreovor, tho batsmen at the othor end — such as Iredalo with S4, Hill with 81, Gregory with 52, Noblo with 39, and M'Leod with 31 — wero malting hay of the bowling and rendering it moro easy for him. Hill, ou the other hand, (ltd not give tho ghost of a cbanco, and ho mado but ono bad stroko, and that not a vory bad one. Besides ho got assist ance from nobody but Trumblo, and lie had veri ly to hold up tho side. Ho mado Ills ruiiB, not as Darling did, in tho face of a dispirited, dis organised, and already defeated team, but In the faco of a team who bad secured a winning chance, and were playing splendidly up to it. To-morrow ho will have a great opportunity of healing records. Ho wants hut 19 to excel his own record of 200 against this English team, and But 30 to excol tho 211 ot Murdoch in tlie Kon- ington Oval test match of 1884, This 211 is tho highest individual score yet achieved In tho series, nnd If Ilill oan contrive to boat it ho will be ou a pedestal that isf likely to ondure. Certainly, as has beon said, bo has a grand op portunity. The weather was hot and sultry, and during tho day advices woro received from Adolaldo to the effect that r-aln was advancing on Melbourne; but, contrary to expectations, it did not arrive during tho afternoon. It came to-day in the form of a beuvy thunderstorm, but at tlio time of writing tho weather has cleared, and present Indications do not point to tho wicket boing any thing worso than slow to-morrow. Tho Govern ment Meteorologist, however, predicts, unsettled conditions, and thero is therofnro no knowing what may happen. Tho air Is still heavy, ami that Is to bo taken as a bud sign. At about 5 o'clock yoslordny tho wind chopped round sud denly to tho south, and tho temperature was a little less oppressive, but tho "afternoon was ex tremely unpleasant. Tho thermometer stood at 107deg. In the shade, and at 156deg. In tho sun. MacLaron, for one, said that ho had never played in such ghastly wcathor. Tho weather, uninvit ing though it was, apparently did not havo much effect upon tho attendance, which numbered closo on 20,000; whilst over £900 was taken at the gates. Among those present was the Gover nor; and to him, in view of his recent narrow escape, the people tendered their congratulations In tho shape of a very cordial cheer. Delegates to tho Federation Convention were there by the score, and thoy had an excellent opportunity ot observing a species of Federation mado manifest in the spectacle of the united Australian team, though It is to bo feared that tho object lesson was only of a sentimental value. The Premier ot New South Wales was a conspicuous figure as ho took up a point of vantage and exchanged notes with Sir Edward Braddon, of Tasmania. Thero was a host of intercolonial visitors In evidence, and of those Sydney furnished an abun dant share. Tho appearance of tho ground was magnificent, and tho contrast between tho leafy trees on the one side and the stand, with Its huge wings, on the other, was very striking. The stand was a blaze of color, tho costumes of the ladles, who were dressed as if for Fleming- ton, lending gaiety to the aspect. In this con- neotlon It Is Interesting to note, in passlDg, that Ranjltslnbjl, In his latest article, maintains that Australian women know more about the game of cricket, and aro more alive to its niceties, than their brothers and husbands are. This seems to bo an arguable point, but thoro Is no denying, at any rate, their value as a feature In a pano ramic display. SPINNING THE . COIN. The toss was, almost as a matter of course, won by Trott; and those who compile statistics toll you that tho Australians havo won tho toss nine times in tho last 12 test matches Great Importance was attached yesterday to the spin of tho coin, and as tho captains wont out on to tho turf, threo or four pbotgraphers, Including Phillips with Ills pocket camera, accompanied them. Stoddart tossed a florin, and Trott cried "Heads." Heads it was, and a big cheer went up. Trott could scarcely raako his way back .to tho dressing-room to tell Darling and M'Leod to put. on the pads, so lieavy xjas the press of con gratulations. He had to shake hands with doz ens of people, and to endure a vast amount of slapping on tho back. One would have thought he had just mado 100 runs, and. Indeed, it seem ed to be the general opinion that ho had dono his sldo even greater service than that. The winning of the toss, however, has not so far availed much. Tho Englishmen left out Hirst and Board. Board, of course, was a certainty, and the only quostion to ho decided at the last moment was the advisability of omitting Hirst. Up to about 11 o'clock llio intention was to omit Mason, but it was concluded Anally to play him, and to spell Ilirsti Tlio letter's strained sldo Is much bettor than when ho mado Ills 85 In Adelaide, but It seems to havo been felt that he Is too good a man to be overworked, and that his services may bo wanted In subsequent engagements. As for Hirst himself, he was anxious to play, and quito expected to do so. Another factor In tho decision arrived at was an unwillingness to leave Mason out, for if ho can only strike form he is a batsman of vast possibilities, and there is no saying when ho may proceed to justify himself. 