THE BLACK SHIP. A MYSTIERY OF THE SEA. BY CHARLES B. LEWLS. What was known in mar:ine circles as "The Black Ship Mystery" covered a space, of a year in the last year of the fifties. If there was any honor in first sighting the black ship, it goes to the brig Se:t Gull, bound from Bnoston to Liverpool. I was second mate of the brig on that voyage, and on the night of April 30th, 1859, we were lying almost becalmed in mid ocean. There was no air along the decks, but a draught aloft kept steerage way on the craft. At midnight when I came on deck to re lieve the chief mate the moon was shin ing so brightly that it was almost like day. There was no change of weather to look out for, and a more quiet night at sea could not be imagined. I had been pacing the deck for half an hour or more-when I suddenly caught sight of a vessel coming down on our windward quarter. The stranger seem ed to have stolen out of some fog bank or cloud of mist, and yet the atmosphere was clear as a bell. As I stood rubbing my eyes the man at the wheel caught sight of the craft tand called my atten tion, and just then she luffed shatrl up and took a course parallel with ours. I ran for the glass and levelled it at her. and as she was not above two cable lengths away, ITh:d every detail as plain as if 1 stood oh her rail. She' was a snaill, full-rigged, ship, and anything about her which would bear a coat of black watis painted that color. This ap plied even tod her masts. The hull wais a much finer model than our., but there was a slovenly look aloft, and her sails were not well set. To my amazement I could see only one person on her deck -the man at the wheel. There was no ollicer, no look-out, no sailors looking at us over, the iail. It. was about ten minutes after the stranger came down upon us.before I called Captain Craw ford. lIe took the glass from my hand and gave her.a looking over, and there was a troubled look on his face as he turned to me with : "This is about the queerest thing that has overtaken me in all my experience. Slle seems to have a dead. man at the wheel and if she has a crew aboard, they are iti.hiding I'll halil her, and see if I c-n wake anybody ul,. -.. The captain had a .voice lile a fog horri, and. his tones would, have carried to a craft a full mile away. He, roared ,opt a.. :Shil ahoy'" and, hailed again and again, but there was ne'er.a move inent aboard th'e stranger. The black ship was holding true to her cgtuse, and seemced to be as ie?ll .steered a;s our own draift; aqd while things. hiad a queer ibpok. it.;as soniy : mystery as yet'. Find ing tiha hllis hails 'isere not. answered, tbe captain took the, glass, and spent fill' five minutes wiith It alt his eyes, He had.just lowered it whenl the.fixe pnen of my watch came aft in a body, and one of the oldest of the men doffed his hat, and respectfully said:. ."Captain Crawford. if I may be so bold as to sayv it, that the're craft is either a pirate which is gbing to lay us aboard very soon, or it's a death ship, and we can't get away fronl her any too, quick." "There. are no pirates in these seas," replied' the,cat:in, as lie rounded on the man; "and. as for a death's ship. that's all nonsense. Dead men can't mrake sail and steer a ship." "But look at her sails, sir!" persisted the man. "They are rusty .and old, and I don't believed they have been touched for weeks. What she is carrying is only enough for a gale, and if she.wasn't a racer we'd be drawing away from her in no time." S.With a growl at their superstition, the captain ordered the men forward, but I emlld see that he was both puzzled and troubled as he ordered the man at the wheel to luff a point and bringius nearer the stranger. The wheel had scarcely been moved when tile stranger also luffed. The man was then ordered to let her fall off two points, and theyardswere trimmed for the new course, but the men were still pulling and hauling when the stranger fell off, and thus preserved his position. Neither in lufting nor fall ing off was there any pull at his ya.rds or sheets, but as the wind was light there was no' actual need of this to keep his course. "He can't be a pirate." whispered Captain Crawford to me as we stood gazing and wondering. "If it were any one meaning us harm, he knoevs the size of our crew, and that Awe are unarmed, and lie would have been aboard long ago. It may be a craft awhich has lost every body aboard by fever or plague, but how is it that she sticks to us as she does ? Haven't seen the man at the wheel make the slightest move since we first set eyes on him." By this time the chief mate and all the men of his watch had turned out, and for a time all discipline was forgot ten in the eagerness to solve the mys tery. Twice again we luffed, but the black ship was not thirty seconds be hind us. Then we fell off; but she per formed tile same manoeuvre, anid her course was still parallel. Of a sudden there was a long-drawn wail from the south, and tile light wind became a rat tling breeze in a moment. We were not only off our course, but the men had to rush to stations to trim sheets and yards, and for five minutes, all were so busy, that no one paid any attention to the stranger. When the bustle was over, the black ship had disappeared. The moon was shining just as brightly as before; but though a man was even sent aloft with a glass and swept the sea foot by foot, not a sign of our mys terious visitor could be discovered. An entry was made in the log-book. I wrote the matter out in detail, and every of ficer and man signed his name to the statement. It was-publishled on our ar Tival in Liverpool, and while some sneer ed at it, others were inclined to believe that we had seen what we had seen. It would probably have gone into his tory as a sailor's yarnl, however, had not the English meelt chantman Good Hope met with a queer adventure three weeks later. She had called at Fayal, ii }he Azores, and had made a- run of a hun dred and ninety miles to the north, and was jogging along under all salt ' one night at ted o'olock, when she overtook and passed an unknoa-n craft, ' It wits a starlight i.ght, wfrtotit the slightest sign of mist rising frotr the water. The unknown had no lights out, and had passed within a' hundredt feet. The chief mate had the watch, and hailed her, but got no answer in return. MIe was still cursing her carciftsness in saiiing the highway without a, light when the craft came sailing after hint and soon took up a position to le?w?rd and only a stone's throw away. What hlappened to us of the Sea Gull now happened to these of thil Good Hope. The stranger was repeatedly hailed, but made no answer. Only one single person could be seen abo:rd of her, and he was t.'..1 man at the wheel - the figure which was without motion except such as the tossing of the ship ga - him. Eie stood there clear enough under th,5 naked eye, but the glass bro.aght him so close- that the hairs sticking out under his weather-beaten sou'-wester could al most he counted. For an hour the black chip ran a plar.allel cqurse to that Of the Good Hope. and the crew of the latter got a bad fright over it. There was no increase of the breeze. as in our ease, but as the fifteen men aboard stool staring. at her sllh suddenly vanished from the Lacre of the sea. It was three months before the black sips was- seen again.- The American ship Bonny Belle, bound from New York to Bordeaux, had left the Azores to the south, and: behind her, then one day at noon the breeze left her, and there came a dead calm The seas soon went down until there was only a glassy ground swell, and when night came on there was not a sail in sight. At midnight theimoon rose, and so bright was its light that one could have read a book on deck. Half an hour after midnight, without enough air stirring to moave a feather, a strange craft suddenly came into view from the east, and when first seen was about a mile away. She was bows on at first, but, coming down with in. half a mile of the Belle, she swung round and displayed her broadside. The second lmate had the watch. having come on at twelve o'clock, and, after puzzling for a fenw minutes, he called the captain. Captain and mate united their voices in a hail, whch was not an swered, and a miusket vwas brought up and fired three times without eliciting any reply. Captain Finch, of the B-elle, was a hard-headed fellow, with no su perstition in his composition, and when his hails were unanswered he said to his mate: . "Mr Davis, tlhat is . undoubtedly the black ship we have read ,and heard" about, and here is our chance to solve the mystery, and, perhaps do a nice thing in the way of salvage. You will. take a boat and pull off to her and see if she is abandoned." The mate hesitated for a moment, and thetn refused to go. The second mate was appealed to, but he likewsise re fused. The captain could hatve ordered them to be locked up . in their state rooms for the rest of the voyage, but he could not sail his ship without officers, and after roundly cursing them for cow ards the declared that he would go him self. For a time every mian of his crew refused to obey the order to lower a boat but when ,Captain Finch set about it single-handed, and said he would pay the visit at all hazards, two sailors stepped forward to accompany him. The captain said of his. adven ture : "When we had approached within ar few fathoms of the strange craft. I or dered the.men.to cease rowing,. that I might look over.lci'.'. She had.no name 'alntedon her ste rn or quarEr. She' was d sadly weather-beaten aloft, and there was much ltust, on her black sides. Her model was half. clipper, and :ny sailor could see that she was easily handled and sailed Jike a witch. We rowed twice round the shipl, hailing lier several times and then I ordered the men to row me uindle the bows, that I might climbi upI by lier chains. They hung in tie wind;n d nd would have re fused had I not menaced them with the revolver I hlid brouglit'in my pocket. As I climbed up the chains I ordered them to make tihe boat fast and one of themn to follow me up. I counted ten objects lying about which I verily be lieve were dead men wrapped up in blan kets, though for reasons shortly to be given I could not make ulre of this. The decks were not otherwise littered up,' though even in the moonlight I could see they had not been eleaned for months. "I was ready to go aft, alnd was wait ing for the men, when I heard the splash of oars, and turned about to discover that the cowardrs Were m:lking off. I at once fired a; shot over their heads., anId threatened to make targets of them; but menace them as I would, the most they would do was to hold the boat at a 'distance of about forty feet from the ship's side. To reach it I had to leap into the sea, and on nly return to the iBelle I could not induce others to rowv me back to the derelict. The men did not seem to fear her as a ghost ship so much as a plague shiip. The entire crew were onl deck. and looking full at tile black ship, when she suddenly began to move away from us, heading to the north. There was not a breath of wind and if there had ieen a current we should also have moved, but yet she slowly and gradually drew away from us, and in the course of an hour was entirely out of sight. My belief is that she was a plague ship;,but at the sa:me time I confess to being greatly mystified by her strange actions." The black ship was seen once more. and for the last time about a moonth later:. A British man:lof-war was sent out to look for her, and after a cruise of two weeks to and fro without sighting her, the Government' craft found her self becalmed one night about midway between Azores and Madeira. At. half past eleven o'clock the black ship was discovered. Of a sudden she appeared within half a mile of tile man-of-war. Ten minutes after sighting the mysteri ous ship, Captain Crimnmis,. of trhe Grampus, had two boats in the water, and the officer in command had orders to board the derelict. and overhaul every foot of her. Away went the boats, but they never reached her. At a point about midway the black ship suddenly settled down. and two minutes later her tolpmasts were out of sight beneath the sea. Some bits of wreckage were picked up and preserved, but nothing that could identify her, and to this day her name, port of Irail, and tile fate that made her a derelict are matters of conjecture. I have always held that she was a for eigner. and that her crew died to a man of some terrible epidemic, but as to her mysterious appearance and disappear ance, and the nature of the accident that finally sent her to the bottom, I have no theory to advance. For a year or two afterwards various ships reported as having seen the strange craft here or there, but these reports were not consi dered authentic, and no further search wais ever made.-"Weekly Budget" (Lon don). M. Chauvin, the French Deputy who lost his seat at the recent elections, has resumed his former occupation of bar ber. Yesterday was his filrst day in his new shop. Chauvin was found in a long white apron, a comb stuck in his hair, and a razor in his hand, operating on a customer. M. Chauvin expects to make a fortune, also to regain his seat in the. Chamber at the next elections. His shop is the headquarters of the So clalist Committeo. of the distridt, 