PEOPLE PROMINENT. MR WILLIAM PAULL. Mr William Paul, the baritone of the Albani Company, next to the star herself, has scored the biggest success of the combination. Though a young man he has had consider able experience, chiefly as a member of the Carl Ross Opera Company, during his nssoointion with which bo played no fewer than thirty differont roles, a number of whiuh ho originated. In addi tion bu nlso fulfilled numerous concert uud 'My first ap ponrnuco iu -opera,' hu said iu tlio courso of a ahnli . witb tlm, itKFKP.UE, '? VT11S 111 ? ituiuuo and Juli.it/ with tbo Carl lio'Ha Opira Company, mid I 81,,,11 novor forgut it. Muis Alien H-iiy wus th0 Juliotuud Mr. Aloe. Miirsli thi! Meruiilio, and they woru vory kind to mo. Wu opened at Ul.,,.up,,ol, and when I siiw the huiiu mldionou I had auoh a 'stmt that my first notes wuru sung a third tm- high, but I discovered- it and got haul: to thn proper hoy. Signor Arditi waa tbo cou iinot.ir,aiiil wheu hu ciiiiio on lhu Htaga ul/llm end of tbo first act I was fully prepared for a warm Limn of it. 1 apologised for my mistake, but hu simply replied, 'Ah, dot vos nodding. It toa so vuryulurer of you to gut buck.' Nuxt I appeared in ' Luoiu di Limmnr-. moor, and apeaking of it rominda niu or a very amusing incident. It occurred iu tho churchyard aoouu, where tho tenor (KdKmdo) is supposoil to stub himself, bu baing attundml by Kaimondo, which part, by tbu way, waa being played by Mr. Lempriore Pringle, Ibu '1 naiiianiaii vooalf.it. Edj-ardo, honnvor did not stub hiiusuir. nu ho had fon-otien his da'g'er and did not know what to do. ' Hit yourself with your li.it iu protencs,' said Pringlu. noticing tho situation. EdK,udo did ko, ,wd in lulling tumbled over a tombstone upon which wua insonbed: -To thu memory of poi r old .lanes. Fancy, if you can, a scene liUo thnb in grand opnm! 'Unu of thu funninst inaiilenls, howovor, which I can romomber, was during a purfoi- inancuot' JJurli'mtsohulz.' Iu thu incantation scone thu Khosts-or rather sopors in ghosts' ciotuing — aa you kiunir. iinihi ? iRnil in i,liil», uuross lhu atiiKo, being pulled on low trolliua. Unu of tliu gboala, buwovur was puilod Inn rupidly, with tbu result that hu munsurud hia full length upou thu stage. Intend of uaus lllg a cliontly sensation auioug thu mldioucu thu huuso burat into uucontrollablo laugliLer. 'On ono occaaiou wo wurn proiluu ing ' Carmuii ' at liradford. I wus appear ing us E-onmillo, and nftor tho light with Won Josb I did lhu imii.i1 slip, but by iiuuiduut bo full upon inn. Just at mat point (Jnrniou rushed in to stay bis iirm, but she, loo, tnppud, and thu Ihruo of na were in n heup.upun thu floor. Tho situation is bolter im.,.uiued than described, and thu lierformnneo wns for auvural uiinutus interrupted owing to Iho hilarity of the audience. 'Ouci 1 played in ' CuvnUerm. KuBticmm ' at thu London darriob, and just artor the quarrel seonu I was supposod lo make n, very iiiguitiftl ciilrauoa. Hut. I did not. My foot o*uKht in something, and oror I went, falling lorwurd my full length upou tho stn(;o.' It completely npsut tho equanimity of the priuin donna, uud the nuilience must have thought it was tho funny man coming on ; Lhuy roared with luiij-lilar. Uoivuvur, I got on my knees uud endoiLvorud to muko lhu most of thu situa tion. Ijul tbo joko comes iu hero. ' Cuvulloriu Itiisticauu ' was Biiaauedoil by anothor produu liou, and owing to soino uiiaucountabiu inis takulwua billed as tin. bnritono of it, -while another artist .waB billed for -my' part. Tbo following uioriiiuK the pupors blnmod the othur poor fullow for my blunder, while I was givou every oredit for the part which bo played.' 'At miother tin'io tho Company waa pro diioiug ' Ivanhoo ' at Manishostur. Tho part of Sir Brian Guilbvrt was being plnyod by an artist wbo has boon hoard in Australia'. After bis duel with Ivanboo bo was iieinr; carried oft by tbu supers (who as a rule aro not San dows), but aa bo waa a very heavy mans and only rour 'supus' had boon told off to carry him, tbo starboard forward mnn gave wav, with tho result that the dead man, thinking ho was fining to bo dropped to tbo gtnRO, jumped oil tbu bior mid walked oil' I Tho amusement nbiub thu incident caused I ulmll never foryot.' Mr. Harry Hick-arils in tbo oonrso of a oliut tbo otbur duy regarding importations shortly to arrive here, Buid ;-' Foruinan and Fannnn uru oil tboir way, uud should urrivo buru iiboiit May' 11. MiaaPoguyPrydo Jult ' Cniiotowu, aftur a most suc cessful South Africuu lour, on March 2G, mid should open in about throe weeks from now.' liytbuUrituniiia, whin h leaves L o n d o n o ir Thursday, ' will urrivo tbo To luski Brothers, iv couple of very 0 I o v o r - (mmo il i a u s ; M i .s a Nollio Waito, a budoaciuu uotross nud'aorio-comiu; nud thu Sisters Guvill.burloKquo uctressoa, duet tints and dancers. JU a a P u, 1 1 i u Browno will ioavo by the Orient on Hay 11, mill by the anmo boat come bho Sisbora Torrv. ftttoron Bonuohnmp, It. J. Jiilnen (a groat Duteh oomodiun), mid Dot D'Alcorn (a young lady who bus nu ulnotrio orobestraof hor own). Now I conin to Ugo Uionili. tho liglitning ubange artist, who playa wholo pii'oos by him soil', uud whoao eugagoinuut is tho biggest I havo over made. In addition to having to pay him a tremoudous salary, I havo tho un usual expense' of hnving lo pay souond- olasn fnros for four dressers. Mr. G. II. Wonii and bis wife, Miss Marian Aiusworth, wbo will bo woll roiuoinbored by Tivoli audiences us ' Giuger,' will also reliirn horo shortly. 