The Bed Warder or the tteet. Br John Astros Babbi, in the Strand Magazine. The Merina Board of Port Endeavour, the capital »ud chief harbour of Cdoke- '.and, had for iongtnrned-a duf du to petitions presented by many foreign, mat cue v»c ana nutans reef should be either bell-buojed or lit . f ipm .a „nta- tionary vessel. The Board's contention was that, astbs'Pbiht Mangrove Light, in addition to ita chief dot/, also threw a green ray between the bearings of S. | \V. and S.S.E., foor cables cast of the raef, auch was ample warning to enable vesaela to clear the dangerous Cat and her family. Two brigs and a coasting schooner' bad already coma to grief oa the jast swash rocks. Skippers andmatee . had , loit their oert theater, and some their lire; and all- the survivors awpre to. the absence of the green ray? Bat, as, the Board knew it mast hare been there,1: the excuse availed nothing. . One night, however, the President of of the Board himself, coming tip from the south in dirty weather on the Palmetto, all at once Wis awakened from: sleep by a party thumping andhnmping that nearly shook him oat of bis hank. Bashing ap on to the bridge in hie pyjamas, he ehonted to the skipper- old Jack tiaynea — ' What's the matter now 1 Where the dence have you' got the ship f ' Hard and fast on the Cat wild Kittens,' replied old Jack,: oalmjy. And now where's yonr cussed green ray, eh ?' As a matter of fact, -nothing at all waa visible excepts smother of white foam leaping with joyful cradlings on the forepart of the little steamer, aod Point Mangrove Light beaming exactly as it shoald have done to enable the Palmetto to dear the reef. 1 Bet I've seen the grant Ijtot uyeeif many a time !' 'exclaimed the President, as he hong on and shivered to wind ward, whilst the eoginee retried foil-speed astern for all they were worth in a vain attempt to get -oat of the Cat's daws. ' So've I,' replied Haynes, placidly, « in clear weather, but not in a southerly mother like thie. - Just attdt another night it was that iny brother Jim ran on to 'em in tha Star of Judah. Aod yon broke him for it ; and told him he was no sailor becaose he coaMn't see yoar cussed green ray. Now, fhen yoa get to kingdom- come and meet those other poor chaps there, yon'H have to admit that ipn liwiae Boards don't know everything.' And with a short langb Che old captain:: tprped »"! . 1- Bet eventually, the lifeboat coming out to them, tbey pll escaped Joat by the skin of their teeth, leavingthe old : Palmetto to ' be crushed to pieces by rocky fangs and daws. And the President being, when con vinced, as he waa that night, tin the whole a jast man, not only caused the captain's certificate to.be returned i to him, but saw, too, that he -got soother ship. Still, to the end of bis life he j awore that old Jack Haynes had shoved bis vessel on to the reef simply because ! the President of the Marine- Board happened to be a passenger. However, this was tbe-iittle incident that quickly ceased tenders to be called for the construction, loca'ly, of a bell- buoy. And inasmuch ae.-sll -yonog' conntriee likebigtbmgs, this bnoy was to be very big — a record bnoy, in fact, retrying a bell as big as a dram. gam Johnson, of the "Vnlcao Foun dry, was the man who got the contract, not becsnse he was the lowest tenderer, bnt because be was the only (hie. - " Other artificers fought shy of the business. Doobtlen, they could con struct the .bnoy ; but the beli bothered them. And by the terms of the con tract everything was to be made within the colony. Bowever, nothing darmtefl, Sam and hie men and bis one appren tice went to work, with the result that, in a few weeks, a huge cone of riveted sheet-iron lay in hie yard. - Each apex of the cone was flat To the bottom one was bolted a great staple for the mooring chain; on the top odd hong from a cross-head supported by two wprigbts, an oblong-shaped fabric df Monte-metal with, Inside it, a tongas as big as a very big water-bottle. Tbli) was the bell. And it swung any way to the lightest touch, gjving forth a dull boom, that Johnson swore could be heard at Flat bland Light, twenty miles down the -coast.' :r.E i - '' Take one of those. Australian bul lock", bells their owners, pet go f atoto store by,' hnd :wbich- rfieebkUe in-dhapb nothing so much m:s& onl-sided jug, long and narrow, and whose hollow knock knock can be heard a tremendous distance ; then multiply it indefinitely, and ypu will have a faint cooceptiw of what thie great bell -was . like. Asfor the bnoy.it was bigger than any «f ite family to be seen in Portsmouth Dock yard. And there are some very, big ones there. kmA M it lay on its ride With its third east of: briit red paint jost'dry, end its gaping men-bole' waiting to be hermetically sealed, the Marine Board and thebar boor-meat er, and all the amforers of the pott came and inspected itj and prononnced it 'a .good job,' and congratulated its'tonOder, and prophe- enft that wow the Cat and Kittens eboald claim no more victims Of cooree tbere 'was a lightship ciiqoo who growled, Irt Itoey wasp In a minority, sad wpopnta because the mane word |ptsrm Am# was jrrsfcat that time in rite mr. Awd a Ughp wenld he a pay !"»« imo. Besides, the hpUJ to?8 manufactured nor Germany, probably the -fi&4 the biggest; in Mil At Cqlupies- tOiie thus made. $&&&& jfeWJ it in piririoalfpggyq? ffg&tog; the'juusl Gfftutr-Bdfiik drinkure to snatotiro svenV'' thlierioas Southern States; wbat of thea#«nct' at toon as,ft3nomjsjriibpght, the Go vernor's bluehiog daughter pulled the tring» apd iD clear -ooea said, as the bottle smashed : 'I name yon the Bed Warder. And iny " yon ever keep fojthful watch "and Ward ; warning with lodd voice through storm and darkness the ships to avoid the cruel racks we put yon in . (barge of.' With out anyprnparation, : it . was prettily..- waid andtfaa xheer that .grafted, the" little speech echoed loud - mid long from many a lusty throat whose owner used tbe ees. CHAPTER IL THK corfomarED crw. Meanwhile, above tbem-in the prison oyer which her. father reigned supreme, a man eat la the condemned cell writing for death. From far inland, they had brought him, captured tor ithe Black Police, after moehhonring of that wild laud where thB Big lignum Hwamp runs np nearly to the spun -of the Basalt Range. Combo ' Garter, so called becsnsa of bit babit of at timee aesodating with ' the blacks/and for long spells living as ona of k ! tribe, was etitl quite a young man — not. yet three-and- twenty. ' Bora at ona of tha border townahlps of the hinterland, even as a bay be had begun his career by gaining the wpntatian of an expert horse-thief Moving farther oat; be and a gang, of other rogues - had ' lived on the game,' ae they termed it, t &, stealing stockand taking them South for eale. But this busineee proving too tame .for born desperado like Career, he, one day, made his. appearance in hie birthplace bent -on bigger mischief. Qnite alone, mounted on a oplcodid hora #Dd vjt|i a conpte bf revolvers stuck ' in hig bell rebbage-tree hat at the back of hie head ; blae shirt, riding-breeches and boots, he rode down the dusty .single street of the little township that lay roasting in the fierce western eun. Malting in front of the weather-board branch bank of Cookeland, he awaggered instds, and at once covering tee manager with bis pistol, ordered him to ' bail up.' ' But tae other, instead of doing .'so, made a dash lor a drawer in which was a revolver. Even as he moved, Combo «hot him dead. . Jast then -thy eldest' eon, a boy of fifteen entering, and boldly rushing at the murderer, M over his father with a bullet tbrouji hieehoalder. Bnt now some of the townspeople, eraased by the shooting, were making foe the' bank ; and 'Com bo aeiring' a packet of notes from the ppeu safe, ran oat. and,, keeping the people at bay svith' bis fdetrie, moopied, and rode away in eafrty; . The very next . day he robbed and trilled a travellinir hawker, thrairina hie body into the tilted cart containing the latter' stock of good«, mud setting the lot on fire. Then, driving the unfor tunate man's horses before him, he had made back into the the wild fastnesses of the- Basalt Ranges, to live. -there « solitary outlaw, until, "after months of weary tracking aud teap setting, at'\sst tha troopers, wbltOaiid hlecV, had made a surround and a capture. - - z Such ; was the man who eat in the. condemned call at E ad savour Gaol — a banian tiger whose facp, with its long, straight; thin-lipped mouth, high cheek bones, and alita of restless black jeyea that seemed always trying to see each other over the flat, fleshy nose, formed | a fit index to the 'creel, brutal character of ita owner. A fair type, 'Combo,' of ! the back-blocks Bush -native, who fears : neither God, man, devil, nor any living i thing. I Thecondemned cellat Port Endeavour 1 is merely a stone cage with the fourth ride— the one that opens on to the broad corridor— formed of etout iron bam, in -which'is a wicket gate,- just large enough to admit of one man pass- ing through. -And here,' on the night after the dirieteniag o'f the 'Red Warder,' aat Combo Carter, rathe foil glare of the electric light, Matching with tigerish eyes the prison guard as ho patrolled, rifla on shoulder, the length of the cor ridor, jpsuriog ' each time he - came opposite the jbara to glance at -the silent figure witbiu. I The man, doomed, to die three days faencr, was.'nrt handcuffed. / But a pair of strong though light irons, with a two- foot chain between them, confined bis leg. -Since his conviction the prisoner had altered nothing from the same sulky indifference that had characterized his mani»er-torougboot.--lqecting"with scorn'tbe minis trationpf the chaplaiu, he either lay ib hu hammodc dozing, or aat. as now. on tbe"the liltih wooden on hie hands, watched in a crouching attitude through -half-dosed eyes the ceaselesB pacing of the warder. . . Tbs lsttera yoaug Eogliehaau nut long joined ha force, had; whan occsrion offered,- been able to do eeverri little ktodpeasss to the con vict whoBe porition, asne 'lqr srjhoto ..'iifojiwae getting- so. terribly short, appealed, in spite of his crimes, to a heart yet - krahardened by much -experience of prisop sights aod epeuee. ' For the |riist few days he had toffercdjnpihirpm tootoaphn #nd, even now his Jaw toas bound with " k flannel bandage. Also, .when ha Jud .rBisved timlartguardhebad pasurily meutioopd to'lum the factpfsfais baring procardd leave to go into the town that night1 sod have the tooth dtowp; . Hw watch was ne&y; OrT-J. sipri6 Wfour « so more— -whao.f awing thp eoodrmned eel, he oafcr vometiing'ltet drore all other thougbWcuVbfhis mind. With a gurgling, ritckiug soond, his legs apparently flrswn «P dear of the fioor. Goabo was hsogiog np by a eaddletrsp be used as a belt from one of the iron.hooks pf iW« hammock. An prisoner 'riiowo the ' (tost inclination tosrards iPBiridi ynonthtDf, indeed, with many«albvtos.fl«dw5i«ion4o 4ie nBBttAhtoo,Tlaying nride patent prisoner roseW5i5to heavily at the mptioplem tbing that, . jwith-wide>pen mouth aodprotradijg.cyeB pod tongue, stared blankly up at him." Then, giving a grunt of satisfaction as he saw that his work was complete, he sea robe i the dead marie pockets, and, soon finding- what be sought, unlocked his leg-irons. "Then, peering ' into the corridor, be listened Intently. But not a sound broke ihe silence except the burning of a dfrtartyptano. i lone'ego, had Ipriirdlk&'toport xff -tile nine o'clock gun from the battery on Flagstaff Hill, and knew that he; had, therefore, not much time to spare Rapidly and thoroughly be went about his bnrioe ; until, once again, a sentry with muffled fioe and ehonldered rifle paced slowly np down, pausing every now and thru to glance into the cell where, over one side of the straining hammock, a glimpse cjuld be gained of a manacled leg. Suddenly hie eye was caught by a white, square object ou the floor of the cell ; and, re entering, he carelessly picked up a card end threw.it into the hammock. If he had bnt known ! CHAPTER IH. ' Oeh, be jabers, me poor man, ari is ot so bad agin, thin? Ay, share, an I see the brnte's there all roight. Bedad, on' the snner hie neck's stretched the inner we'll be at pace agin. Now aff wid ye ari git the rotten thing out.' Thus Relief- Constable Sullivan to the man with his swathed face in No. 4 corridor who, peaked cap drawn over fals brows, and handkerchief to hie "month, seemed able to do nothing but shake his head and groao, whilst point ing to tha cell in token that all was well with his charge. Along the passage and down soma Mrs, anil throogh another passage, ail brilliantly lit, went the sham' constable, one baud to his faes, grasping his rifle with the other. At the end of the last passage woe a covered yard, at the further ride of srfaich he could see the igrest iron en trance -gate of the gaol, thipqgh srbose bars a big, round, white moon seemed to glare inquisitively, so -close tiis looked. And now the road to freedom appeared clear ; and, by instinct, depositing his rifle in the arm- xack on the left hand of the hall-way, he turned towards the little open gate to 'the right of the" main entrince, always barred, this litter, except to admit the prison van—' Black Maria.' Bnt one does not get- out of Port Eodeavonr Gael so easily — bound or free! The Governor, an old Army ieolone! — martinet, and, .therefore, in tha regard of bis men, faddist— saw to tint. Tiios, as the escaping felon stepped to the wicket, coolly exultant, and sniffing tbs fresh night .sir with all the eagerness of one long confined, a a man issuing from the lighted guard house said : ' Halloa, Ashton I Off to have it out? Well, it's the only cure. ' Give me your pass till I clock you,' and be extended his hand. The cold eweat started in. beads from the other's forehead as, to gain time, he mumbled indistinctly,' and with one hand in his pneketa for the thing that now flashed into his mind with fatal certainty waa' not there. Idiot, ass, that lie was ! The card, donbtlear, that he bad pullsd-ouVpf the fellow'e pocket -with toe key of the irons, and, neglect ing tt> even ghnce at, had thrown into the hammock ! ' Left it inyonr worn; jehf qneiied the ntoer£:JjaUpgly. f Tell; toy spa, you'll have -tofiodlt, tooth orvin tooth. It's worth my jacket to let yon out without it.' ' Now, then, off yon go and get yonr ticket.' That, however, was more tban even he dare do; althongb, for a moment, the thooght occurred to him to retnrn and kiil Sullivan, and then possess himself of the pass lying on the dead body in -the hammock. Bnt he was now unarmed. Sullivan was a big, powerful maD. No, plainly, there was nothing for it bnt a dash. Where he stood was somewhat in shadow. Even now, Sollivan might have taken it into his head to have a look at hia prisoner. He conld hear steps approaching. The constable on doty was; too, be thought, eyeing him suspiciously. In a second his resolution was taken. From the shadow of the pooch he might still have made | dart, preserviog his incognito, his escapade set dowe fo pun, and the ; knowledge that he hid lost bis pass. All thesa alternatives flitted across his brain in a space of time measurable by a dozen heart-beats Realizing that his case was desperate indeed, all the old murderous bravado torn op Btrong and fierce within biro. He beganto see red. Armed, he would have killed the man who stood there in his path, as he bad so lately killed the other one. Saddenly, tearing off his bandages and poshing his ctp awsy from his eyes, he' thrust a dis torted, furious face into the light. The guard stepped back appalled, and the next minnte a crashing blow from tire other's" fist sent, him . reeling to the gronnd. Another- minnte and the murderer 'was through the gate and: speeding along the rosd to the town, ankle-deep in powdery dust that "rose lo . white clouds into the white moonligh'. £ip,Xtp, ping, ping, oaine the "boHista as toe men on tbe watch-towers fired at the fifing form, 'whilst .tjho great bell, rang out sharp and .quick; and , bnrry- iog,' haSf-ffrosud warders snatched bp their Martinis and ran, "firing as they went at the pillar of dust ahead. Piug,"piug, .Kz, azzl How the bulletshireed rand whistled paat him down the hjll, tricking np iittie eplotdies of dost far in lront,j. : And 'how that infernal ball rang ! ' He luted bells 1 Always had done m. note the old days at At#imtta'hbmciBtead,"when'a boy,jat theutll -of-tme; berTOse at dawn to "tremp through the -jvet grass after tJu stattooaaddle-horses. If ever he owned a station; he'd t »ke good cave' to have a night-horse kept In. . Ah ? that . .was « hit! He coiy foti.toe,hlaadroiiiung down his leg into bisbooU K he .-only, had hold of the -fellow -that find the ebat! TTUAIJf'i'?- t. i?- HedidmotJa >tha least < know where he was making for, never hiving hare tghapprt before, «or,-ipdeed»w«7whef? t'OotBato'; but still he kept Seine and still the bblleta sang put tnodnligbl. r-:.->3Mhin$j|MM9'L|9F4|te Shffledtremp «f many etepe. Ha frit weak, .and staggered once or twice.: 1X11 at once he btoame aware .-of shouts coming towards him. But by' this he was at the foot of the steep descent on the brow of which was plswd the gaol. To -the right the road wocud towards the heart of the towa To tiie laft, close to tile eea-bcach, were soma sheds and yards; etiwks of timber, jetties; and ja amail "toaster or two. Dust was rising ahesid.avidentiy from, police or townspeople aroused by the firing and bellringing, and hutening towards the gaol. It was worse than assises to go on. 'Tbs rifles were quftst now. Where, he cronehed, in the shadow of a paling fence; his pursuers coold not see him. ; A storm, too, was coming iip, and "black rionds were already throwliig thdr reflection on the whlta grpnnd. Rising, he crept along tha ferito, till, .finding a broken paling, be tore It ont and- squeezed through. He wat la a yatd ; a: long abed from which rose a chimney took .oj> one side. There was a smell of hot iron and fresh paint in the air ; his feet enraphd rindera. Right against him .toomecl a big, corionaly shaped . mass, whose possible use puzzled him as be limped into the shakow of it, and , gave a moment's vague speculation, whilst heavy ratn-drops splashed hollowly ou its iron skin. At the height of his I shoulder was an aperture big enough > for him to get through, and so Into the j belly of 4he thing. He conld bear his pursuers cursing the gloom at the other- . aide of the fence. Just ae well-in then as anywhere else ! And putting alibis strength into tiie effort, he drew himself jnp by his wrists until he got his head in ; and then, holding on by .a orate stay, he wriggled his whole body through. He was a tall man ; bnt swinging from tha stay he could touoh no bottom. Deciding to let go, he, however, only had to drop some three feat. And wherever he sat he sat on a slops, a matter that seemed so fanny to him that he laoghed aloud, whilst- toe lightning Bashed and toe thaoder roared, and the tropical rain fell in streaming eheets over his refuge — kept d ry by reason of toe entrance beiug on the nailer ride. The incessant lightning illuminated his cavern continuously, enabling him to discover that hia wound was not Berions —a bullet bad passed through the fleshy part of bis thigh ; and, tearing op a ketchief he found in the pocket of toe constabnlary tunic, he soon extemporized en efficient bandage. In another pocket he came across a ping of tobaeto, of which taking a good chew, he lay back and stolidly awaited srhat fortune might have farther ia store for him. CHAPTER IV- THB MOORING OP ' THK WARDER. In spite of his wound, which smarted, Combo Carter elept until awakened" by voices at toe month o! his shelter where Bam Johnson and a group of bis men were conversing. ' It's the most extraordinary thing I over heard of I" remarked Johnson. ' He's disappeared as if he was a ghost. 'The storm did It,' said another. ' He got away tinder cover of that; with the trapa close st his heels.' ' But where to f asked a boyish voice. ' The police jb wear tbey were, close to him- when tin. storm brokejust near onr fence here.. I woaldrifFjtave 3iim escape for tbs worth of my. right hand ? 1 can't help fancying, yet, that he's planted somewhere abont the wateraide. If you don't mind, dir. Johnson, -I'll just have one more look. Look and welcome, Master Stratton, replied the owner of the foundry. Bat every .corner's been turned ..upside doom, and 'no sign. I believe, myaalf, be's collared a boat, and is ont at sea by this time.' At the name of Stratton toe hidden listener had "pricked : bp hia ears. Gould this be the son of toe bank manager that he had shot; after killing his father? It was funny if such sbonld be tbs caw. And he was not left long in doubt. 'Poor young chap, remarked one of tbs men. ' I knew bis father well, afore that brute Combo did for 'itn. Plugged toe kiddy, too; didn't he, boss? \- ' Wonnded him badly,' replied Johnson ' Qis mother wanted him to take a billet in toe bank after be came oat of the hospital. Tbey offered . him .- one At oace, bat he couldn't bear the notion. So tosy apprenticed him to me. Smart and handy he's turned out, too. Did most of toe work on the Bed Warder " here, besides drawin' the plane for him. Now lads, some of yoa go np to the Marine. Storayard aod get the trolly to put tos " Warder" on. They're going to take him out in the afternoon,: as aoOn as poor Ash ton's buried.' _ ; Yes decidedly,' thought toe murderer, hardly able to reprete a chuckle, as he crouched sway from toe circular globe of light, 'it was fonny -that the son at to man ha had toot because be wouldn't put np his hands when ordered should have teen toe one to have tbs biggest share in building this 'splendid hiding plsca. No one would ever, dream of searching in there. That was evident. At nightfall he would come ont, and, if he conld but sttel a horse h6- fright yet he 'able fo aump his fiogere as toam all. And they were; apparently, going to take thethinghs wai in away some-' where. Up country ; .perhaps on toe" railway. Likely enough it was a sort of :new-£aogled tank foruse onastatiop; maybe to dip sheep" to. If they'd only drop a bit of tucker in, he'd be ''fixed right np to the knocker. But, fniiini ; that, the bscea'd have to etand to hue-' St ran tiro villtiu'a thoughts, as already uhu mrad a. eye he saw., himself onoa more free, and baok again in flit rid haunts, or bveh'fbihont'i&gM;'hcroBe totoe Territory. rr, ' Byhd-hy, be hesrd a voice olow ;to the brie. Wy":|No'hwat':\ . 'Nont;' was tbs reply, ,ip tha same youtotul tones he recognised at young Stratton'e. ' Port Eudeavoara been keuriiedfrom" tojr to «(jttbm without euooeea. . Naw-U patty has goos aaland, and another one down the harbour ahmgeai toqre. >T«aroehKk be<mwm I thought the " Warder's' lid was a hflbtiffwihesk tail fctww the j -: r1htetoeretoiE«rimod -rf toippiog toiseT hpon iron, .and, I pmeutiy, :«ometiilog rit riapped Into the maa-ltole,' fitting-ho 'teloaely m Io show not itoa jlrinteri;gl cam" of . tight.. Sngdstdj' to)? waa rolled, over,, riudangaod hniisingits occnpant con-: laldelrahfy, and erasing him '.to mutter deep curses as he picked himself, qp an sought vsinly for something to hold on, to. The darknasasras intense, and too heal; engendered by the son beating on the Iron plates-fcH- tha morning, grew almost upbcarable nop, tost torn only opening waa' closed. In deaperatiou, toe wretch stripped off his clothes - and lay naked upon them. wUh tha hot iron burning his skin whowfpr it tburiied. All at once ha felt toft tk toriteriwd been lifted up bodily, moving. The heat grew fieroalhod tbs sweat poured off him like ram.-;. Bathe set his toetii .and suffered It " Trewntly he felt the thing be was In movwg with 4 hew motion. Svrihging "-through the air. th'ta. time ; whilst a dim tattle,, pame . to his ears. . This was when" the "'Warder' was being hoisted on to (he Marine Board tender Thetis, Captain Haynes ; and the rattla was the noin of her steam windb. Ic grew somewhat cooler now. . But, presently, another and an altogether novel motion, pntzled him. He had certainly never experianoed anytfaing like it before. It waa , not that of a railway. And what could ha making him pant so distressfully, and draw his breath with suck difficulty? Air 1 air, in Heaven's name! He fambled . vainly about in tos iuky blackness tor toe lid he bad seen toem put on,' bruising bit Gpge'rs end tearing his nails against clenched rivets. Bpt ho had lost all sense of loeslity, and kept groping up wards for the manhole when it was. in fact, under his feet. Nor wonld it have availed him any conld he have toned it — cunningly tamed sod slotted, and caulked with red lead and oakum, already as bard as adamant. . Denser and denies grew the atmosphere ; his breath 'came and went in whaesy panting. There was ' A w right as of tons pressing on his chest, and his heart bit bis ribs like a hammer. . Fay; perhaps, -toe first timb jn . ito life lento came upon him. ' Where was' ha ? What was being done to htm? And es be staggered here end there, bruised and bleeding, against toe hot aides of hie prison, gasping tor breath, i.11 at once his feet touched toe murdered constable's handcuffs that, together with his belt, he had -put . on years ego — it seemed— in the gaol Picking them op, he battered, with all his feeble, sobbing might against the iron plates of the dreadful trap in which he. had been ana red. t- Saddenly the thing changed ita position to en upright one, end he fell headlong down to the bottom' of it and lay there donbled np, tin burning beet of hie body .tamed in a moment to chilling cold ; hie cheat felt as if it were bunting, sod el range, flaming shapes ruehed hither and thither -btowe hie staring eye. The dismal tolling of a bell, too, in nie ears ! An, bo woe bated bells! .... Diog-dong-dong-dingl . . . . Now be knew. . - i . They had hanged him at Jast. . . .. That was the prison bell. ... He wasn't quite deed yet, though. . . . Swinging at the end of the rope. . . . Cures them all 1 Didn't yon fancy you hoard something rattling aod knocking when we lowered the ' Warder' over the ride; ' Hay-nee ?' asked toe President of the Marine Board as the Thetia steamed homewards from the Cat and Kittens. Rivet heads and an odd bolt or two,' replied the old skipper, shortly, easting a look back tp where the great red bnoy swung ereUhat;tetoB'-watte ..rocking and whilst .to their ears came very distinctly the sullen booming the belli 