short ana?. The Mystery of Berry Hall. My Dear Old Man, — Shan't aee yon on Sunday, as I'm off to Berry-in-the-Wold, to stay with Angela's people. She tells me that the invitation is a great sign of relent- ing on the pater's part, so I couldn't refuse, even had I wished to do. It seems that old Kivers believes I am after the dear girl's money. He will not sanotion our engage ment ; but, luokily for me, Angela is too plucky to quail before his opposition. Last week he rushed up to me, and, forgetting to be stiff, began to tell me about his latest bargain. He is always ' doing ' somebody. He has taken Berry Hall, a fine old country mansion, for a year certain, at a ridiculously low rent. Hither the absentee proprietor is mad, or there's something mightily wrong with this Berry Hall ! Perhaps the ghoBts of dead and gone tenants dance at midnight in the drawing- room, wander through the gardens, or parade the terraces. I oan't afford to question. I congratulated my future father-in-law so heartily on his perspicacity that he invited me for a three weeks' visit. When I find out the mystery of Berry Hall, I'll let you know. Angela .is delighted. Good-bve for a while, old chum. Yours ever, Becqie. Berry Hall, Monday night, 12 o'olook. Dear Jack, — The mystery is not solved as yet. I am fairly puzzled. This is a man sion, indeed. I am gazing serenely out of my bedroom window at this witching hour. No shadowy forms glide over the smooth turf, or play hide-and-seek among the anoestral elms. The owner of this place must be the biggest idiot living. It is a home to long for, to sentimentalise about. It is situated on a civilised road, a mile from any other habita tion, and the picturesque hamlet of Berry-in- the-Wold. A wall surrounds the house, and woods slope down the bill behind it as tar As the river, which is well stooked with trout. If I were a rich man, I would buy Borry Hall. Old Bivers is delighted— he is even oivil to me. A dozen guests are here, the MauriceB, who overlook his plebeian origin so far as to ask him to some of their ' mixed ' dinners — the Osbaldistones, who have borrowed money - of him, and are therefore bound to accept bis invitations. Fitz-Ewart — who has a steam yacht and a boot faotory — and many other self-made men are beneath this patriciaa roof. Old B. is paying off his debt to sooiety as oheaply as possible, the miser .' Angela is suited by her environment, by the calm grandeur ot this ancient mansion. Aunt Sarah is ohaperon, so I have had a bad time. Angela and 1 have only met once in the Lovers' Walk : but Borne wasn't built in a day. To-morrow night we are to have a ball. The hour of one has just struck from the antique, olook up in tae belfty tower, bo I will bid you a' fond farewell, Jaok. Yours as ever, in remembrance of old days, Reggie. Wednesday Morning. My Dear Boy, — Do you happen to know of a first-class detective ? If you do, please send him down at once, and I'll pay. We are ' already in communication with the police. The interest of speculation about the mystery of Berry Hall has become stale by contrast with the highly -flavoured excite ment of a burglary that tis indeed mysterious. Angela's Aun+ Sarah retired to rest ' after the'ball was over ' this morning without looking UP her great-grandmother's diamonds. You will remember their hideous splendour. When she awoke at ten o'clock she. found no trinkets on her dressing-table. Angela has lost her pearls ; all the Maurices' paste jewellery is missing also ; so the burglar was nof discriminating. The windows of Angela's room were un fastened, Aunt Sarah's door was not locked, but how the thief placed a ladder against the wall of the house, asoended and desoended ic, without being observed by the servants, is extraordinary. Needless to say, old Bivers is furiouB. He rages about the house, vowing that he will highly reward any man who discovers or catObeB tbe ' miscreant.' If I can catoh the burglar,. I shall win the daughter. Help me if you can, Jaok. , YourB, B, P.S —Aunt Sarah says that she is certain that the wretch is Mr. Maurice's French valet, Alphonse ; as decent a fellow as ever I met ! ,He saw Angela meet me. and me meet Angela in the Lovers' Walk while the ball was on, so I tipped him liberally, and he has sworn to keep tbe secret. Now he smiles benevolently on us both. By the bye, if he were au American, those smiles would be odiously familiar ; as he is a foreigner, they are merely picturesque. P.S. No. 2.— Old Bivers is shouting in the hall that he has found a oluo. P.S. No. 3.— Would you believe, Jaok, the due turns 'out to be one of my patent boot -buttons onthe landing outside Aunt Sarah' b door. 1 shouldn't wonder if old BiVers. ended by crediting me with the bur glary ! I'll drop you a line, as soon as any thing happens. Don't forget the detective. Be sure and send bim down as soon as possible as I am anxious . to solve this mystery. Thursday Morning. Jaok, this is monstrous ! There has been a second raid upon the jewellery of this es tablishment, ana old Bivers does snspeot me. Is it my fanlt that my watch, rings, and soarfpins lie undisturbed every night upon my looking-glass P He and Aunt Sarah have compiled lists of the missing valuables, and wander from person to person reading. out the items. Again the burglars got off, not only suot free, but unseen. The housekeeper says she thinks she heard a little scratching noise just as she was going to Bleep. The honsemaid is convinced that ' sp err its does it, 'cause the kitohen fires burn blue three nights running.' _ This is all the information the servants provide. None of the doors or windows were left unfastened, so the thieves must possess skeleton keys. Your deteotive arrived by the first train tbiB morning, and questioned us all at great length. You've failed me there, J aok ; he isn't a Sherlock Holmes. Angela tells me her father goes about telling every person he meets, in strict confidence, that he always considered me a very dangerous and unscru pulous man. Alphonse, Mr. Maurice's valet, goes about looking sly. \- Is it only beoause I had to tip him again last night when I believe ho knew I had been kissing Angela in the conservatory, although he looked quite ' distant ' as he oamethrongh in searoh, as he said, of his master, or does he know more of the mystery than we An? Yours as before, B. Friday. Jack, I'm done for. How on earth shall I clear myself ? The family silver disap peared last night. Alphonse has just turned against me. He says I am the burglar, that 1 bribed him with gold to keep my secret, for he found me on Wednesday night stealing through the corridors with my hands full of diamonds. Your deteotive has been terrifying Al phonse by cross- questioning him, so _ he saves himself from suspicion by lying against me. Of course, I was not in the oorridor at all, neither have my hands at any time been ' full of diamonds.' I should say that Alphonse himself was the burglar had he not slept out of the house last night in the gardener's cottage to make room for the deteotive. Angela is in tears ; old Bivers comes oursing every few minutes to my bedroom door (it is looked on the outside), and demands the restoration of his ruby shirt Btuds. Tbe deteotive says there iB no doubt of my guilt. I am to be taken to oaol. My poor darling, how will she bear this trial P Will she, too, learn to doubt me P I should like to pitch old Bivers and the deteotive, together with Alphonse, into the lake that lies brooding to the north of this historio mansion. I oan soaroely realise the fall horror of my position. Shall I be able to prove my inno cence, Jaok? Send me down a lawyer at onoe, and let him be a better man than the deteotive. Yours distraotedly, Beggih. Saturday. Better news, old fellow. Old Bivers allowed me twelve hours consideration whether I would go to gaol or confess all and return the valuables. I spent tbe allotted time in the smoking- room, in the company of that deteotive. During the night my bedroom was entered, and my valuables stolen. A million blessings be on the heads of the thieves. Tbe circumstance that muddy footprints, about twice the size of mine, show upon the window- ledge and carpet has -persuaded old Bivers that I did not do the actual predatory, deed. He still 1 ints that I may be toe leader of a gang, but hiuts won't Bend me to prison. J. managed to see Angela early this morn ing, and the dear girl tcld me to keep brave, as she does. Yet 1 sat/ that she had been crying, arid she owns that she has not the heart to put her front hair into curling. pins. Jaok. a woman like Angela comes very near being an angel. Old Bivers rushes about the place measur ing all the boots he can fiud. As soou as he discovers one person beneath this roof who owns feet the size of the muddy footprints he will become abusive. Alphonse has just confessed that he did not imagine me to be tbe burglar, but ' The deteotive he seemed to expeot- something.' As 1 thought, tbe cross -questioning terrified Alphonse into accusing me. I did not Bay, ' I forgive you, Alphonse.' Washington has always been my favourite hero, and I strive to live up to his illustrious example. Think of my peril, J aok. I was nearly destroyed — saorifioed to a Frenoh valet's instinct of self-preservation. I am in bettor spiri i.s. Don't send the lawyer. I may yet find the olue to this mystery. E. Sunday . Dear Jaok,— The mystery is not solved yet. A cordon of policemen surrounded Berry Hall last night. We none of us retired to rest, but remained together, quarrelling and boring one another, in the drawing- room. Now and then someone would head a searoh party, stealing silently through the mansion. \ Notwithstanding these efforts, another burglary took plaoe. The butler's pantry has been olearM of every ounoe of silver. We are spending the day in a most un- Sabbatarian manner. The most remarkable ideas are started by various members of our party as to the thieves' method of work. Aunt Sarah says ' they come down the chimney ' — Angela believes in the existence of a band of burglarious ghosts. Mrs Maurice, who is very nervons, entreats her hnsband to take her baok to town, but he refuses to leave the spot where the family gems (paste) were last seen. The deteotive says he has a theory, but no one believes him. Jaok, you know a good horse when you see one, but you aren't even a fair judge of detectives. A great effort is going to be made to night by Yours Beooib. .: F.S.— Sunday evening. I have a olue now ; the villagers supplied me with it. They oame in dozens this afternoon to stare at the outside of the hous.e; the oldest inhabitant was brought in - a donkey's cart, so I questioned him as to the- pant records of- Berry Hall. He said : ' Weel, meester, I've see'd a mighty deal o' things i' my time. I'm not for sayin' as I haven't my own idea aboot the mansion ; but it's mortal certain, surely, as there has been as many as three burglaries in as many yeafs, an' no one ever a wink the wiser, so to speak. Folks do say, too, as the owner, as lives in fnrren parts, don't care not a scrap for 'em.' On being further questioned, he replied : 'There be a many o' the great fam'lies as has grown' poor, so to say, an' b'ain't jest as particular about things as they used to was, an' ef so be as there be fam'ly sperrets '(as tbe Lord knows I don't say as there be, neither way nor that there be'ant), why, isn't it nateral like, meester, as they'd do their best, acoording to their lights, for th' old name P' So this village veteran believes that the proprietor has a hand in the burglary P I can't put my faith in the ' sperreis,' though my dear Angela shivers pathetically when they are mentioned ; but my aged gOBsip has given me a olue. Till to-morrow, good-bye, Jaok. Monday. Triumph ! I, Beginald Vernon, have solved the mystery ! I haven't oaught the burglar, but that is a detail. I crept about Berry Hall from nine o'olook laBt night to two this morning, when my alert ears heard a rustling in the dining- room. Stealthily I glided along the oorridor and into the apartment, to find. ... a lantern tumbling down the chimney. I seized it, relit the lamp, and began to olamber np the opening it had oome down, when I remembered that if I got stuok half way to the roof, 1 should probably remain there ad infinitum. So 1 oame down, snmmonedthe household, and then, in company with the deteotive, asoended the chimney. There proved to be a flight of steps out in it ; most of the ohimneys in the house have identical briok stairs. They all lead to the roof, where there is a secret ohamber. From the secret ohamber another ladder descends to another hidden ohamber in the lowest' cellar, from whioh an underground passage leads for miles to a ruined monastery iu Berry "Wood. This being summer time, no fires have been lighted, and we hear that no family has ever stayed a winter in Berry Hall. All the tenants have left early, partly from fear of burglarB and ' sperrets,' partly on account of the smoking, ohimneys. No wonder the proprietor always lets his mansion for a year from midsummer ! The rent is high, considering tbe perquisites ! The muddy footprints on my winduw-sill were manufactured .in order to direct sus picion away trooi the chimney: I am wanted at this instant by old Bivers. He . is sending me to town on the traok of the burglars. Yours in lnok. Beooib. (A Telegram to John Lee, Esq.) Ganght 'em ! Hurrah ! Angela's mine Letter to follow. Berry Hall. Dear Chum, — The bnrglars are in safe cuBtody. We (the detectives and I) found them, with the valuables, hidden in White- chapel garden. The mystery of Berry Hall is solved, and the proprietor has left for the Argentine Bepublio. He probably thinks he will be saf6 there from justice for an indefi nite period. No wonder he would only let his man don for short tenancies. Angela haB her dear head on my shoulder, looking over this letter as I write, so excuse oooasional blots. Mr Bivero has begged my pardon for his suspicions, and, better still, he has given us his paternal blessing. I have forgiven Alphonse, who is laid up with a nervons attack. I should oall his malady ' detective on the brain.' You will have te be my bast man, Jaok, on Angust 16th. For this and all other reasons, consider me, Ever yours (and Angela's) , E V. 