[?] ^ (Daily Telegraph.) Repartee, or readiness io smart, iritty Baronatic retort, is said to be tlfe highest form of wit. These imme-3j{£ey nnd felicitous replies, *i-^ -ytngjing thraBts in mental ??:'....,i|}P, illuminating flashes ;§. -? rf*i&* 've|y 'nawinotions, 8 jTTT-»,i among all classes in ? Ireland. On old Carlisle-bridge, I in Dnblin, there was a frnit-stall, I ttojke^ier of which, 'Biddy, the I- ApjJUfwofoan,' was a better known I fignre thau even the Lord Mayor. I She bad a ready and glib tongue, I and never allowed a verbaf assailant I to retire with all tho honours. An I American visitor, thinking to take I a 'rise' oat of the old woman, took I up one of the water-melons she was I displaying for sale, and suid, 'These I are small upples you grow over I here. In America we have them I twice the size.' Biddy slowly re I moved her 'iludheen,' or clay pipe, I from her lips, and coolly surveying the joker from head to heel, said, in a tone of pity, 'Yerra, what a fool yez must be when yez takes onr gooseberries for apples.' John i'hilpot Carran was noted for his powers of repartee and sar casm. One day Ourran was walk ing past the Parliament House, in College green, before the Bank of Ireland got possession of it, with a nobleman, who had promoted the legislative union by his votes. ' ] wonder what they intend to do with that useless building ?' said the nobloman. 'For my part, I hate the. sight of it.' 'I do not wonder at that, my lord,*' returned Currau. who was an auti- Unionist. '] never yet heard of a murderer who was not afraid of a ghost.' Currnn was defeated in a conversational contest with Lady Morgan, the Irish novelist, one evening in that' lady's drawing-room, when, exag gerating the prevailing Cushion in short sleeves, she wore merely straps over her shonlders. 'Cumin was walking away from the little party who witnessed the conflict of tho two wits, when Lndy Morgan called out, ' Ah, come back, Mr. Cur ran, and acknowledge that you are fairly beat.'U ' 'At any rate,' said lie, turning round ,'I have this consolation, Lady Morgan, that you can't laugh at me in your sleeve.' The omadawus or half-witted fellows who are to bo met with occasionally in Ireland — but not so commonly now as formerly — are noted for their bitter and sarcastic sayings. A fool known as 'Jim, the omadawn,'' was soino years nno #a well-known character in Kilkec, ' *the seaside resort in Clare. 'Now, Jim,' said an upstart to him one day, 'tell me the biggest lie you ever told, and I'll treat you to a pint of stout.' Be me sowl, thin,' cried Jim, 'I say yer honneWn perfect gintleman.' A very happy example of a man falling into a pit which he had dug for somebody else is afforded by the following well-known but al ways fresh story of a famous repartee. John Parsons, one of the first Irish Commissioners of Insol vency, was travelling in » coacii with Lord Norlmry, the judjfo. Passing u gibbet, Xorburv said with n chuckle, 'Parsons, where would you be now if the gallows had its due ?' ' Hiding alone, Norbury,' was tho quick reply. The neatness and felicity of this retort affords unmitigated surprise and delight. Chief Baron O'Grady, subse quently the first Lord Guilluinorc, had a dry humour aud biting wit. The latter was so linn thut its sarcasm was unperceived by the ' object ngaiust whom it was direct! d. A legal friend of his, who was extremely studious, but in conversation exasperating dull, showed tho judge over his newly built house. The lawyer prided himself especially on i- library, which he had contrived for his own use, so secluded from the rest of the building thut he could pore over his books iu private quite \- seenro from disturbance. 'This is capital, ' exclaimed O'Urady. 'Jly dear fellow, you could read nnd study here from morning till night, and no Luman being would be one bit tho wiser.' ThU recalls the capital story told of the lato Father Heuly, of Bray. A very pompous Hond was show ing Father Healy and other guests through his new house, on which he had spent a good deal in fur nishing and decorating. In tin library the host, waviug his hnnd towards the book-shelves, ex claimed, 'Here, surrounded by these best friends, I feu' most I-. .|.;iv.' 'And I notic:!,' said i'auier llealy, examining sorno of the volumes, 'that, like a true fliend, you never cut them.' A committee was formed to erect a monument over the gruve of a popular Dublin physician who died some years ago, and was buried at Mount Jerome Cemetery. A witty citizen who wus asked to suggest uu inscription for the memorial recommended the use of the famous allusion to Sir Cris- i topher Wren, tho architect, in St. Paul's Cathedral, London. 'Si raonumentum reqoiris circum spice.' 'If you seek his monu ment, look around , if yon doubt his merit, behold his works.' An English tourist, under the guidance of a peasant, was admir ing the scenery of thtt Galtce Mountains. Pointing to a gup in the hills, tho guido said it was known locally aa 'Tho Devil's Bit,' and a Ion- hill hard by was called 'The Devil's Chair.' - 'Indeed,'' remarked the Englishman, 'the devil seems to have a good deal of property in these parts.' 'Yes, I sir,' rejoined the Irishman, 'out he is un absentee landlord, and lives in England.' 