SSVS-AOEJHTB' TS0G3LE3. Bis,— I unit endorse every word written by 1 News Vendor 1 under above heading, in you issne of 21th. 1 am a' news-agent and stationer of 20 years' experience, many years of whioh wue spent in lielbourao, and I can soy that the remarks about Mr David oymt, ot toe melDonrne 'Age, are quite trne. Oh, that We had men ot his stamp running the dailiss here. Be the boy-bossed .firm who are openlhg shops against the very men who.havs for years supported them, there is an old saying about giving a man enongh rope when he will hang himself. The young fellow will know all about tanning retail shops ere he is twelve months' older. It is enough to make the ghost of old Mr Qotch rise in bis grave He who was con tent to amass a competence from the whole sale trade, and who was, ever the retailers' guide, philosopher, ani friend. Be difference In the firm's wholtale prioes here and at Melbourne— where, though trading under the same same it is a different firm. It Is quite true, aud sot only do these gents get higher prioes but reap a harvest from trust ing advertisers by inserting handbills in all the comiot and weekly publications. If them advertisers knew that the agente as a rule carefully shake out all their hand bills, they Would' not think so highly of the ad. The thanks of the agente are certainly due to the 1 Bewa ' and 1 Star ' for the stand they have taken in not granting agencies. The morning dailies board eon be teen on any lolly or toffee shop,. The man who in vest. hit money in an agesey is totally un protected. it is high time ap association was formed for agent, protection. I was at one time a member of the Melbourne Asso ciation, and can vouch for the goid lb has done the trade in ViotorU. I hoar a meeting is to be called here, and I hope aU authorised agents will roll up and make it a success, ft wonld be to the benefit of both the officei add the agents. I feel tare that if a responsible body of men, recognised by the offices, properly ventilate their grievances, that redress can be had. You correspondent -New» Vendor' points ont the inability of many of the men rhnaing ?hops. This is quite trne. The legitimate trade, or men who.havs been brought np to Stationery and books, get so ulek of it that they Mil out, I am a practiced stationer, but must say I am getting sick of the way Bydney hnsinesl In the line U worked. Thanking yon in anticipation.— Yoori, eto, ODD NEWS A.CHBNT. 