8=5 AL0H8 THE TRACK; "Tills Is supposed to be rntlier n funny ... .. the sender of It reumrks, "to nil but ho chief performer, who lives near us, and recently Impounded a horse off his property l» i pound In n small plnco down the line. After the animal had been In the pound for 15 days the C.P. discovered that he had by mistake Impounded his own horse, and It cost 'him £2 12s. 0d. to release It." An American reader notes that Austral ians don't soein to understand the differ ence between "shucked corn" and "shock ed corn." "Corn, It must not he forgotten, he says, always, means In America Indian com what we term 'maize.' 'Shucked corn' Is ear corn which has been 'shucked' or hu«kcd'-- that Is, the husks or callccs have huen stripped from what we lu Australia er- . roaeously call the 'cob.' Strictly, the central part of nn 'car' of Indian corn, which lias the grains of maize ranged round It Is the cob. An American War of Inde pendence joke was to the effect that when General CornwnlHs surrendered at York- town they took the corn off him aud sent him back ns General Cobwnllls. 'Shocked corn' Is maize In the field which has been put up Into 'shocks' In the flold, so tliat It can be 'shucked.' Thus, the tops of corn from tour hills are' drawn together and made fast, so as to make an Improved frame work of four ribs. A square of 12, 16 or 20 bills has tbo stnudliig corn cut down a little above the ground, aud then carried to the aforesaid frame work, where It Is piled up aiid forms the 'shock.' There It stays till the farmer thinks to 'shuck' it. The plan ' Is looked upon by many ns rather old- fashioned, field husking being preferred." New Zcalnnd shows are promiscuous like In their prize list, In the opinion of a visitor to the Wiuton show, who' reports that "the name, John Thomson, is writ large ns a pflzetnker,. together with his wife. He was an exhibitor ' In almost everything, and ob tained sufficient to set Uiiu up in business. Besides money prizes In the prlnclpnl classes, he obtained as specials throe palra of trousers, a coffee pot, alarm clock, box tea, two lots of timber, each valued at 21s., one ton lime, silver medal value £2 2s., plough kliares- a grubber, and 100 vine stakes. Mrs. Thomson, besides securing money prizes for four firsts, two seconds and two thirds, ob tained ns specials cash 10s. Od., a weekly journal for one year, bottle of whisky, cash 10s. Gd., cash 22s. 0d., cash 7s. Gd., box ten, pair of leggings, lady's fancy bridle, goods value 7s. 0d., cash 10s. Gd., silver cruet, cash 10s. Gd;, cash 21s., and a tin of lollies." "In ye olden time," : writes "Jemmy," "they Und ghosts. Those ancient people are out of date; Instead we have 'microbes.' They tell' us the whiskers that young doc tors wear to make themselves look vener able, must go, because they carry microbes of disease' 111 them. They do not dare drink niilk for fear there are microbes In It. They have to boll all the water before drinking It, for did not Mrs. Jones's sister's baby die and they think be Bwnliowed a microbe? A few rules would not be amiss just to tench n person to dodge a microbe. Do not drink the milk In which the 15s. n week man lias washed lils hands. Do not attend too many .Air-tight meetings where quantities of hoi ten aud sweet cakes arc consumed. Do not attend big political gatherings of either pnrty. Do not believe there Isn't such a thing as microbes, for there Is, and your ancestors ate and drank quantities of them.". . Oxford University has rejected a petition for the .establishment of "a school of honors" nt; thnt -institution, which fact is thus,; commented on by London ''TuncUV.i— Oxford! of whom, the poet" said that one of your unwritten lawa la To back the wenker side and wed your gallant heart to wobbling causes. It io with mute surprise and pain I mark a breach of old tradition; I hear you will not entertain the Plowman's plea for recognition! It cannot be that you have gone, like old Prome theus private vuiture, And prematurely sat upon the rallying corpse of Agriculture! . You, on whose nicely watered plains, where'er the rural student trips, he 1 notice some remains suggestive of the Scholar-Gipsy; - Ford of the Oxl whose ancient name is full of fine bucolic feeling, . How could you thus ignore 1iis claim, the learned farmer's, lowly kneeling? He spoke of ensilage und germs, of fallow land and pigs in clover, lou answered in derisive terms, and lightly passed ills Gcorgics over. He proffered butter churns; lie knew tile patent cream extractor's odd use; Ho tested milk; but you, you threw cold water on Ills dairy produce. He wove for you a Cereal crown, and craved in turn an Honor's title; You knocked his cornucopia down, and gave him beans for cold requiLal! Oh, Oxford! in your hours of ease content to spurn the newer knowledge! ivliat if the foot-and-mouth disease should hit you hard in court and college? IVhat if, through pestilence or drought, you failed '"> very lack of victuals, while all your prophets, driven out, made Cam bridge flow with beer and skittles? 