THE NOVELIST. THE STRENGTH OF TWO. By ESM3S i STUART, Author of "itestrel of Greystone," "Muriel's Marriage/' "A' Mine of Wealth/':&c.; : chapifM vn. THE EAST EAlll). The. grim Keziah opened the door, and Joy stepped out. The moon had not risen, hut the air Was crisip from the fail ing lrost. The stars slioue like diamonds under a strong light. As Joy glanced, up at them. they seemed to her to be like flashing eyes watching with scom the do ings ol poor liunlan beings. "You'll kind your way to the front gatie, I suppose? And the turn into the path by the river—you can't mistake it. Are you afraid?" \- Joy oould almost hear the smile tihat passed over the grim face. "No; why should I be afraid?" she said, .proudly. ■ "Because they're all chicken-hearted folks in the south." "Good night," said Joy, hasiiening away into "the darkness; for the thick, bare branches closed in above her, and the lira and evergreens made a thick curtain, veiling out the light of the Stars. The front gate , swung back as she pushed it, and with a sigh of relief the girl stepped out of the Moat-House pro perty. She could not help remembering that when coming here Sir Ivor had opened the gate, for her. Darkness was nothing when one could be alone. Then she turned into the open country, and now she could see the stars in all their glory. Only the heavens were above lier, and nothing came between her and the flashing star eyes. She drew her cloak more closely round her, for the frost stung her, but it had also a bracing effect upon her. She would be strong, she thought; she would not be drawn into sharing these evil ideas, it seeiued dread ful lo he as old as Aunli Deborah, and yet to be still gloating over an old, long passed revenge—dreadful. But in spilo of it all she felt a strange sympathy at tracting her towards this great, aunt. She was so strong in her weakness, so inde pendent. The water of the river gurgled arid rippled near to Joy, noisily tumbling over boulders, but then all at once it reached a deeper spot, and then hushed itself as if by magic into silence. ,t was like the old woman's life story, but there ought to he peace now, now at last. As lor her self, she, Joy, was not old—no, she wap young and strong, yet troubles seemed tto hedge her in on all sides. She. must try to be stronger and braver. Her father would not help her; Aunt Deb could not, for she did not understand what it was to be homeless and poor; but she, Joy, could at least preserve her own true, womanly, high- minded nature. "They can t' give me their evil thoughts," ] she said softly to herself; "they can't do ; that." \- Her father had gambled away all bis property except a small annuity, which would have sufficed for their daily bread if be bad chosen to live in a country cot tage, but it was with their poor annuity that be often gambled. "If J. could take him right away from people who tempt him and draw him on," she thought, "I might do more; but what can do now hut follow him? A girl can do so little against a man, and that man her father." At last she reached the stile leading into the Catlin-road, arid not ten minutes' walk from the hospitable Lapwing. Getting over the stile something dug itself into her flesh. ! She held up her hand .to examine her wrist, and even in the. dusk- of this star-light1 the I diamond bracelet flashed forth. | "Hateful thing," she thought, jumping down into the road. "How strange that some v.omcn care for such things. Aunt Deborah thought she would bribe me with diamonds. Mother bad none when she died, blie told me once that her father took all she had from her and sold them." The ('ntii-i lights blinked forth now, try- ■ ing with the blinking of their yellow eyes j to rival the stars, hut they failed signally. Then the Lapwing came in sight, a big, j old-fashioned house, with high gables ami i quaint nooks and Corners. Some windows were all ablaze with light, hut others were j dart' and silent. _ j "J'ather will he expecting me," said Joy, j trying to cheat, herself into the belief that the only person with whom her life was j lift fed cared for her presence, for .voting J I hearts yearn for affection, even when they j can gel-hut the poorest sample of it. I As she. approached the inn Joy saw ] Lcverett standing talking to Ben, the head ! "hoy" of the Lapwing. lie was about fifty j years old, and had strange ideas of his own I importance,thinking that on him depended j everything, and that if he left the Lap j xving would take flight-, and then fall to ; the ground. j "I know he nearly tore my coat to I pieces." Leveret I was saying angrily. "You i shouldn't keep such a dog." I "When mistress was duli 1 gat this pup to tak care ov liur durin' the neet. It's a dog wi' a. pedigree, it is; 1 bought it o' Ibe rat catcher, and he said it war a dog with a pcdigiee, thoa h«- didn't know its father or mother, he didn't, not o' this pop, he didn't. After a. bit it would wakkeri us wi' tbe. mooasl awful yowls ye ivver heeard, Mi.-.t'C:-: < puts her head out o' the winder one day. and says, says shoo. 'Ben, what ivvcr's yond?" 'It's yonnd dog;' I says, says I, 'to tak care of yon 'Ben, 'says shoo, 'just go and tak cure of it, for it's stim maeb's out of order,' says shno, 'or else it's gcttin' hvdrofobv," that's what shoo 'J he dog was howling at. this moment, and Joy did not like the sound of it. "Weil i.evoroU, have you eonie hack again?" she asked, kindly. "I. drive oyer for my brother-in-law, ma'am. Black Brince wants t' exerdi.se or lie gets so heady, lie- docs; but. i conic for the. doctor this time, and I'll drive him hack. H.be's going off quick, is my sister." "Poor thing!" said .toy. "That's why the ring's how ling for, ma'am," said Lcvcrcft, shaking his head; "soon as he saw me he began to howl." "Tha. sister browt thee, here, and I hope she'll tak you hack," said Ben, gi inning. "Mistress '11 bo waiting for ye, ma'am, and Itetsy, too." .toy passed in into the bright light, and there came imt.hei long melancholy howl from the pedigree dog. "Hod thi noise!" exclaimed Betsy, poking her head out of the window, and tlini, seeing Joy, she turned red as ,t peony and ran away; but Mrs, Leekey immediately came bustling out of the par lour lo meet her. "Weil, well, rny dear; 1 was just, thinking of sending the boy Ben for you, that I was! But, there, you're not afraid. You are your father's own daughter. Such i gentleman he Is." "Mow is !ie? Has bis throat- - • "i ill. 1 cured that prd'tv sunn, my dear; the ineii iikt- being t os^eicd, and now he's enjoying himself, a little in the Red Parlour with a friend, Like goes to like, and it's food for 'em. He said you were to go to jed and not disturb/him. But you must first have a bit of .supper." Joy sliook her head. "I ve had enough, thank you, Mrs, Leekey. Who is with father ? ". "A , gentienmn,b my : dear," said. Mrs. Leekey, nodding her .head mysteriously. "He said .you were to make yourself eaBy, and go to bed, He was quite well. Best let the men amuse themselves in their own way—it clears up their brains, my dear. There's, another party come in, and .I'm dreadful busy: but Betsy'H see yon to your room. If you near.a little merriment, don't take any notice. I'll see the good man to bed. All we can do for ,'em isn't much— not as much as -they deserve." . Joy walked slowly upstairs. Her heart misgave her. To hear of her father closeted with a stranger was not good news; but she was sleepy after her walk, and tired after the excitement of hearing of Aunt De borah's doings, so she entered her room and sat down by the fire. But what was her surprise to find that her room "must he next to the Red Parlour. It must, how ever, have been partitioned otf from it, though with too solid, material to moke any words audible. She could, however, recognise the tones of her father's voice, and she could hear another man's uproari ous excitement. Now and then came a deep silence, then another burst of conversation. Joy shuddered.- She had heard the voice before—it was, it must be that of Sir Ivor! What were the two doing? Dared she go and present herself? The very idea of • coming -within sight of that ruffianly baronet made her blush. The tallpw-dip caudle spluttered, the fire burnt bright!}', and Jo.y stood still in the middle of tho srrtall room, which was half filled with a great four-poster bed. Her eyes strayed 011 to the looking-glass, and she flung up her arms and clasped her hands on her head, trying to think what to do for the best. She looked then like some noble Caryatid. Iler father was so weal:, so easily led to do evil. How could she save him? All the courage left out of her father s nature seemed to have been bestowed upon lieis. iSlio would be. brave -she would in terrupt this evil enjoyment, whatever it was. Iler father ought surely to have been safe here, in this out- of-the-way place, at: all events. lie should he saved in spite of himself. She opened the door softly and stood in tlie dark passage. There was no one in this short wing hut herself and the occu pants of the Red Parlour. The door of the opposite room stood wide open, and tlie room was dark and unoccupied. "No one will see me," she thought. "He shall not gamble with father. All the more because father has now 110 money to spare." .Joy knew nothing about the. hundred pounds given by Aunt. Deborah to her nephew. She stood at the door of the Red Parlour, and almost held hey breath, hut the old builders had had an idea that doors were to he useful in cane of need, and, if necessary, strong enough lor barri cades. She could hear no more distinct words here than in her own room—lie sides, Joy bated eavesdropping: «> she boldly put out her hand and turned the handle. The door was locked. "Open the door, father. It is Joy," she said firmly. There was a dead silence, then a burst, of laughter, and an answering expostula t-oii. Joy could understand this very well. Iler fears were true. Iler father was ashamed of Ids occupation. "Please open the door. I wish to see you." firm steps across the room—they were not her father's footsteps. Then the door was flung open, and Sir Ivor stood belpre her. Still, he did not. ask her to come in, and strangely enough he. seemed to he for the moment stricken dumb. Berore. he could speak, however, Mr. Lydeard hurried up behind him. ■ "Oh, it's you, Jov. is it. my dear.' J. 'couldn't think who it was. J thought it was .Mr*. i.p.M'kcy' si h ■ has a wonderful tongue, hasn't, she? So you are hack? Well, that's right. ' <'.> g" to bed and rest. I'm only having a chat with Sir Ivor. He bus 'been very kind. He knows Aunt Deb Well, he- -- . (Jood.-night, Joy, It's confoundedly cold to night. Let, rue shut the door, and pray go." Joy's eyes flashed. Sir Ivor was look ing at. her, for 1 hough she could not see his face plainly, he could see hers dis tinctly. She clenched herhand. "1 wanti to come in," site repeated, quietly, not showing the great effort ,it was to her to speak. "Von can't, Joy. Men don t like to be disturbed." i Sir Ivor laughed. i "'.Don't, bent abou! the bush. sir. it won't do with the princess. Ve are play jug for for something m-v. Will you ! come in?" , , . Joy Walked in. There were the hated cards on the (aide: each man had_ hastny thrown down his cards with their faces covered. „ "heave l;hem and come away, la I tier, she. said. "At least, here, ami with -with thai man, V'",i might" Jler father's manner changed, and lie turned upon her with anger. "What I he do you want to inter fere for, Joy? I tried to warn you; get along to bed and leave me alone. The gamester's eyes were, bright; Ins hands were, trembling visibly. There were two tankards on the table, and a smell ot spirits pervaded the .parlour. "Dock here, sir, interposed Sir Ivor, "this is the last, game the last:, en.' You V;iid SO voui.-etf. l-et the princess stay, jjt.'s right she should. Kh.' the pu/.e is often ' . „ , ,, . , "Ha rig it all, 'void Joy shall t stay! Am 1 her fathe.i, or am I not,':" Jov walked close to the fire, and stood there with iter anus folded. ■-° <>!ICS answered Mr. bydmrd. Artcr an awk ward silence, Sir Ivor exclaimed: "Look here', I must, go home; and I m not. going to he baulked. J 11 finish this game, or" ,, . , "(if course, ot course, said Mr. Lvdcard, looking ncrVous and excited, "j gave vou my word I would p.ay it, hut, Jov, prav go. You are always t.hwart ,mr me. I order you to go. Its onlv a last game; it will bo over very soon. 1 m coining, I tell you; go avwijv." . "The game isn't over yet. said Sir Ivor. He frowned this time, and stood by the table. It might, be shame, or some, new instinct of ladrig in a false position, that made him so unusually quiet. "Vou had better go now," lie said f*You rrifike rnf? ncjvouft, Joy. Ha last game, 1 tell you; the Ias1, T promise vou. Don't vou hear me?" , ' "I shall stay, fa: her. Vou have oe.cn playing for money." Sir Ivor laughed. . "Ik- has plajcd for money, and ki.st it> ''"Then yon might he generous enough " she began, indignantly. "\Ve are not plating for money now, princess," he said, "if V'>w t so wed, \on won't, lake a chair. Now. am, it's the last game." ^ Mr. Lydeard nervously Arewhis own thair towards the table. ^ : "I've not been in lack's way to-night, Joy; but now theluek has turned. -This game is very, very important. Obey me, girl. Go at once; I'm bound to foil. "I shall stay here,'' repeated Joy. "I shall stand here till it's done. You say it is the last gamel How am I to believe you?" - "On the word of a gentleman, of course, Joy." "Take my word, then, said Sir Ivor, scornfully. "Man, woman, or child haB never aeused me of breaking my word— never. It is the last game. Now, sir, I play the deuce. The old man's hand shook violently. He seethed to have lost his presence of mind. '"The deuce?—the deuce you do," he mut tered. Joy knew; nothing about cards. Nevei^m all her life had she played a game. She hated the very sightof them. They repre sented to her the misery of her whole life and of her mother's life. Now, standing like a Cassandra before the fire, -she watched the pictures and the coloured pasteboards being snatched from the players' hands ana flung on to the table. She saw her father's face grow white, she rnw his white, thin hands tremble, she knew by those signs that he was losing. Slie did not believe his words, or those of Sir Ivor, that they were not playing for money. The stake must be big, or her father would not look like that. Suddenly the last card was flung on the table by the handsome young giant, then he immediately pushed his chair away, and stood up to his full height. "There!" he said, flinging a bundle of crisp new notes on the table. "There are your hundred pounds! You have lost, Mr. Lydeard." • Mr. Lydeard did not rise from his chair. He looked dazed. With one hand he •■latched the hank-notes, and with the other he nervously sorted the upturned cards. "I lost only by one card," he muttered. "Cursed luck. The play was mine till Joy entered. There you have done it, girl! Don't blame me." "I don't know what you are saying, father. What arc these notes if—if you were not playing for money? You say that vou have lost them. Give these back to him." Fir Ivor was silent, and Mr. Lydeard half-turned his hack on his daughter. "I have lost, it's quite true, girl, but only by one card—only one; and if you had minded your own business I should have won. The luck had turned already." "Give back that, money. It is not yours." "It* is mine, and I — lost it, and then staked it again against, against-—" "It's all fair, princess, quite fair. I take care there's no cheating when I play. U.-mg it! but it was all above-board. Good night, Mr. Lydeard." Sir Ivor strode towards the door, not even casting a glance towards Joy, who still stood there motionless and bewil dered. Mr. Lydeard followed Sir Ivor to the threshold. "You know the bargain. You must give me time—give me time, Sir Ivor. It will be difficult." "Albright, time enough, good-night. By Jove, it was fairly won. Good-night." "Father," said Joy, seizing her father's ana"'father, what were you playing for? I insist upon knowing." CHAPTER VIII.—THE NEW TENANTS. 'J he old man appeared cowed for the moment; but the next instant he burst forth with some strong language, for this was one of his weapons of defence. "What the do- you mean, Joy, standing there looking like that? Do you think you are going to rule me? You are mighty mistaken, girl, I can tell you. Of <-oii Tse, you understand nothing about games of chance. Of course you don't. Ijiianee is chance; it goes one way or it goes the other way—that's what it does. Fit down, can't you, and don't look at me like that! I want to—to—tell you some 99 Joy retreated a few steps. Mr. Ly d.eard'R right hand nervously closed over the crisp hank-notes, arid loosed them again; then he coughed to cover the shewe. "What do you want to say to me?" Joy at last said. "You ought to be in bed, not sitting up this cold night. You will get bronchi us." "Hit down, Joy; I can't talk to you whilst yem are standing up. It fidgets me." "Tell me why he gave you that hundred pounds? You hadn't got a hundred ;!s when we came here. You know we ad only a few pounds left from the ijiiniter's annuity." "Voir are so suspicions, Joy! This money is all light. In fact, I want m speak to yon about this very matter. Aunt Deb gave it to me to pay our .journey—a mean gilt enough, when she lute so much; but, still, it's better than nothing, and will help me to carry out a plan I have made." "A plan you have made?" "Yes. Of course, Aunt Deb was very rude, and abominably mean; but, listen, K"V she must die, and she jnusrt leave Per money to somebody?" Now, if you played your cards nicely, it would be easy; but there is no trusting you. As likely as not you'll tell ber you don't wanti her money lh "f have told her so." "Hang it! So you have gone and done it?* "ics; if you live quietly, we have enough of our own to live npon. I'm string; I don't mind working. We should not want a servant." "That's just what I am going to talk about, Joy; but you always put yourself in such a temper. I'm going to—to turn over a new leaf." He laughed uncom fortably. Joy looked at her father, and for one moment a ray of hope lighted up her beautiful face. As she stood there in the firelight, dressed in her short whinsey shirt, and her simple whinsey jacket, with no relief butf a big, red silk hand kerchief knotted at her throat;, ber face was full of a look of noble purity, an ex pression which cannot be counterfeited. Ore might have thought that any father v~i old have feit proud of her; nut Mr. T.ydeard was busy scheming about many things. Hope is go natural m youth that Joy, though she had often been disap pointed before, suddenly imagined that for once he must be in earnest. "Oh, father, then you'll give up that horrid gambling? You said it was the lasti game. Let it be tire very, very last— in your ,life! We'll go back home and find a house near dear old Porchester; just, a cottage will do, and I'll keep house, anil we'll never go to the gambling-tables again. You could, if you tried, amuse yourself innocently. Once you eared abput fishing and shooting, and . If that is really Aunt Deb's hundred pounds, tl.An c T11 if- in arrf f i Vi re iin o nnw then we'll emend it in setting up a new little home. lit "fttop, Joy, yon ran on so fast. I quite agree with you—ves, with every word you say, and I've thought the same thing over mvseif; but it's only about the place, girl, 950 that we differ; We must take a cottage here. In faefc, I've heard of the very place that will suit me. You see, as I said be fore, we must stay here. Old Deb will go out like a candle presently, and we shall be on the spot. Hugh Brent s gone. He has plenty of money to live on—doesn't want hers, only he is grasping. Besides, she hates Brent, I hear, because he borrowed some money once of her and never paid her the interest! Ah! ah! ahl she's a cunning old thing." "Settle here, father! and you have already heard of a place!" Joy's heart sank within her. Here meant in reach of that ruffian, and within reach of temptation for her father of gambling with him. "Yes, here—it must be here." "Oh no. not here, not here—anywfaeTe but here. "I tell you it shall he here, Joy. Here or nowhere. If you turn up your nose at this place, then it shall be Monte Carlo. This money will take us there, and there will be enough left to play with. Double or quits, eh? Joy was silent. The strength of a weak, obstinate man is terrible, and he con tinued: "There's nothing to object to. It's a lovely country, and there s the chance of getting this house. Not a mere cottage either, Joy, Listen; it's an old farm-house not wanted; and there's the river running through the grounds, and I can have some fishing and shooting. Why, it will be living en prince, girl. How often you have said that you hate town life, and here's a chance of living in the pure country." This was'irue, and Joy could not contra diet this statement. "How did you hear of a house?" she said, meditatively. "A chance, I tell you-—just a chance. I've been asking Mrs. Leekey about it. It's got a ghost into the bargain. We shall feel quite in our light sphere, eh, Joy? A good nouse, fishing and shooting, and a ghost." Mr. Lydeaxd laughed noisily, but Joy detected a tone of uneasiness in his mirth. "Do you mean all this?" she asked. "You have said things like this before," "Mean it? Hang it! of course, I do. I tell you we must stay near Aunt Deb. I'll take you to the house to-morrow. Why, we'll have fine tinies, aud as you're so eager to do housework, here's your chance, but we must get a rough woman in too. You mustn't spoil your hands, Joy." The girl made a great effort, and tried to believe all she heard. F.he had been so long dragged from pillar to post, her life had been so" made up of one constant fight and of self-defence, that the very idea of a quiet resting- place sounded in finitely sweet to ber; but she would have preferred its being away from Catlin. "Oh, you know that I shall like a quiet life. I might even earn a little money at local concerts. They're fond of music in these parts, I know." "And you have a good voice, girl. A good idea. But there'll be no need. Now, I'm tired, so J'm off to bed; and you look pale. By Jove; though, what have you got on your arm t" He jumped up from his seat, and seized Joy's wrist-. "A diamond bracelet! Eh, or is it glass?" "Oh, I forgot. It's Aunt Deborah's bracelet. The horrid thmg wtm't come off. She said that I was to show it to you and that you would unfasten it Your father gave it to her." "Did he? Why that's the first I know of it. It is a family jewel. He had 110 business to let it go from the family. Why it's very, very valuable. Joy, look at the diamonds: I know something of diamonds! She didn t mean you to return this?" Air. Lydeard's eyes gazed greedily at the jewel, and Joy chivered a little. Hateful money again! "Take it off, father; please undo it for me, and I shall return it to Aunt Deb next time I walk there." Mr. Lydeard tried to wrench it open. It resisted his efforts as it' had done those nf hifl tlau&htPT; "We must get it forced open. Mv hands are not strong enough. Sir Ivor, now, lie would do it! You must sieep in it to night. You see the diamonds know to whom they beiortg.' Good-night, Joy. Now, don't excite yourself, and tomorrow I'll take you to the Flatts—that's the name of the farm." "The Flatts," said -loy, dreamily; then she put her band on her father's arm. "() father, let's try and turn over a new leaf. We can be quiet- and happy without all that excitement yoOjJjive so much." "Of coiii>ie we can! Ton always had a vein of sentiment in you, Joy. I don't know, though, where you get it from. Not from me, or from the Beckett side." "Aunt Bebovah has been able to—love, at all events." "Yes. 1 forgot, there was some love affair once. J»rd! it was long ago, and she's kept people, out of the money so long. She's refused fifty offers. They've no business to live so long, those old things. Good-night, good-night. Mrs. Loekey's a wonderful woman, but such a tongue she has! (food Nord!' Tie gathered up the banknotes once more into his hand and went off briskly to his bedroom, and Joy went to hers still wear ing the hateful diamonds. "It's like being fettered and bound with the chain of our sins," she thought, "this hateful thirst for riches, and yet this love of gambling it away which pursues father." To her prayers that night she added a thanksgiving that at last she was to be allowed a home, and even as she fell asleep she murmured "What a nice, old fashior.ed homely name, 'The Flatts.' " The next morning a.t breakfast Mrs. beekey bustled in and out, full of deiight. "The Flatts, sir, is just made for a gentleman like you with lonely tastes, and your daughter will queen it there, I know! The last folks, now, were queer, very queer—two old men and their sisteT, ani none o£ the three would speak to each other. Mercy on us, they were queer! It was one of the brothers died first, and the other one and the sister followed him to the grave; but they never exchanged a word. They had long ago fallen out about a will. The lawyer, Mr. Goodenougn, him as you saw, used to go to the Fiatts and speak first to one and then to t'other; and it took him double time, it did, so he said he should charge them double visits, and do he did, but never a word between them. The you eg men used to lay wagers as to who should speak first, but the pair kept on with silence. It was the sister died first. On her death- bed our parson he went to her, and told her it wasn't Christian nor scr.se, for of course it was her fault at the bottom, seeing kinder men didn't live than the two brothers. Well, she gave in at last, and said she would say 'Good-bv,' and the parson—he called the brother in—and then they two looked at each other. But no, they could not make up their which should be first to break silence; and so the brother just bowed his head and went off. and i she died that same night. Be was m terribly cut up about her death that be wandered about the place like a lunatic, always going into hen empty room every night, and standing by ber bed. He had gone there as usual one evening, and then he must have dropped down and never corns out. S6me say that he wanders up and down there still. I've never been there myself o' nights; but 2 know them as have been and have heard it." ; . Air. Lydeard rubbed his hands with de light. "Joy and 1 are not afraid of ghosts, and the house is cheap, Mrs. Leekey, and fur nished—all the old furniture, so I hear. . We are going oil this morning to look at it. Why, Joy, still decked in diamonds— a lucky sign for you, my girl." Joy held out her arm, for Mrs. Leekey had disappeared, smiling and curtsying, "Let me try again," said ber father, and he wrenched the bracelet asunder. "(live it to me, Joy. I'll take care of it, and return it to Aunt Deb. ISlre told you to show it to me?" "Yen," said Joy, glad to get rid of it. "You'll return it to her?" "Now, "come. J have found oat the way to the iflatts from Ben. It's across the town, and then you follow the valley by the beck and—but you'll see." # Joy followed her father as if she were in a dream. To be really going to look at a possible home seemed to be quite an unexpected miracle. After all, this journey had brought her some luck. They followed the tiny beck, not the river tbat ran by the Moat House, for they were w . On iug now in just the opposite direction cither side was waste land covered with furze, contrasting well with the crystal water dashing along in its limestone bed. On the right, a cart track was visible, and on the left was the footpath which they were following, {suddenly the Flatls burst on their view. It was a bettermost, oid fashioned farmhouse. Its architecture was Elizabethan. Fix tall arches, now bare, shadowed its porch. There were mullioned windows filled with diamond panes, knobbled gables, and pillared chin neys. Over the porch was a shield, and as Joy came near, she saw that there was a cottt-of-arms on it, and the words "Fans-peur." In the front of the house was p Bmall flower garden, surrounded by a low, moss-covered wall, on which the green "desolation plant" flourished with the lady-fern, now dead or dying. The beds were bordered with box, and beyond this Joy eangbt sight of a kitchen garden, wlueh now looked desolate and over grown. But within the house Joy was even better pleased. The dwelling rooms below were oak-panelled, and .upstairs there was yet another parlour with a beautiful bay window looikiDg down the valley. The bedrooms were small but comfortable But, father," Rhe said, "won't the rent of this house be too much for us?" Too much! No, no—a mere nothing. Yon see, the people about here nay it is haunted! No one will take it. It's a piece of luck for us; and look, just outside the gate is the road going up to (he Catlin Moors." "And who owns this place?" "That last queer brother left it, and all that was in it, to a friend, of his. Jt is this friend who will be our landlord." "Jt'n too big for us." "Nonsense! It's a. place a gentleman ran live in. I shall sign the agreement to-day. j Go back, Joy, to Mrs. Leekey, and tell her j to find at once some servant for ns. I've : got to finish the business, and to close with j the offer." { "Tt is a very pretty place, and I will try j and make you nappy, father." ! Full of new hope, Joy left the house, and went slowly back to Oatiin, following j the joyous beck. j When she was gone,Mr. Lydeard hurried ; away in the opposite direction, and took ! the road up to the moor. Jo a quarter of 1 an hour be stood at the front door of j Normandyke and rang the bell. The dwarf ! eyed him with a look of supreme contempt ' as he opened to him. I "Ah! yes, Dickens, Niehols—what's your ! name? Where's your master?" Without answering, the dwarf pointed | to Fir Ivor's approaching form. I "We!!, cried Sir Ivor, leading the way j to his library, "well? Here's the agree- j ment. Yi bat do yon think of the Flatts?" j Just the very thing. NoTpir.nl rent, eh?" j He looked up at Kir Ivor somewhat de- j preenH?:g!y, 1 "Why, J said so. But what does she think of it? Have you told her of our bargain?" "No, no! Hush! You don't know Joy. Khe must Lave time. She doesn't even know you are the landlord. I didn't tell her. Better sign first." Sir Ivor did not laugh. He thrust his hands into his coat-pocket, and scowied a little. "What's the use of all this mystery? A re you afraid of a girl? Look here, old man. I'm not one to he made a fool of. You pro mised that we'd play that last game—you know. If you lost, I was to have your daughter, and you the hundred pounds. If J lost, J was to double the hundred; and, look hero, I won—won her honestly. She's mine. It was a fair offer, eh? Why, the deuce it was! All fair and all above board. She's to be my wife as soon as " "Of course, of course—but don't go too quick. Joy's proud. You'll spoil every thing by hurrying." "J'roud! I should think she was proud; but she's mine, you know it—and you get i back your hundred pounds." _ He laughed, j "By George and the Dragon, it was an ori ■ ginal way of getting a wife, eh? Besides, there's the house for you dirt cheap —thirty pounds a year and furnished. Eb? What a face she has; she beats Helen, the curse of the Draytons—heats her hol low." "J shall have to tell her," said Mr. Ly deard, gloomily sitting down and making up a quill pen. "You don't think of that." "Tell her—of course, you will. I can't marry her without her knowing it, man. But she's mine, you know. I've bought her. It was quite fair. The last game d'd it. I was in a dead funk at first. I thought I'd lost it; but the lurk farmed, and I got her—and there she stood looking on. Mr. Lyd.enrd, you'll tell her quickly, eh—no sneaking, mind." 