NEWS OF THE DAY. The stranded R.M.S. Chios is valued at £300,000. Upwards, of £10,300 has been contributed to the Bosh Fires Relief Fund, East Melbourne scored exaotly 500 against South Melbourne, H. Stuckey making 192. A Chinaman bae been convicted at Bourke of sly grog Belling, and fined £3O. A trial shipment of 500 dozen eggs baa been sent to the Cape from Melbourne. Fruit to the value of folly £15,000 ia on board the R.M.S. China. There are at present no fewer than 22 cases of typhoid in the Creswick Hospital. Great Britain’s patrol of the sea this year will cost £25,500,000, and onr contribution is £126.000- The R,M.S. India has taken aboard up wards of 16,000 oases of apples at Hobart. Between the Bth and 25'h inet. produce valued approximately at £9OOO was shipped out of-the colony under the auspioes of the Agricultural Department. Daring the last three weeks 206,240 rab bits have been packed by the Agricultural Department and shipped to England. The N.Z. Premier (Mr Seddon), speaking at Balclatha, said he expected a surplus of £400,000. ' At Sydney on Saturday Paddington scored 480 for 5 wickets, the chief scorers being M. A. Noble 138, V. Trumper 133, and ,F. Meagher 108. The unfortunate mail Bteamer China had a comparatively small consignment of gold on freight, tbe total value being £123,838. A party of seven cyoiists left Perth Post Office yesterday, to ride across the Con tinent to Melbourne with the intention of reducing the reoord. Gross losses by the Pabiatua bush fires, New Zealand, are scheduled to total £30,344, of which £5106 only is covered by insurance. In all 308 buildings of various sorts were were destroyed. There were landed on the Hobart wharf on 22nd inst., from the steamer Oonah on her return trip from Sydney, no fewer than. 800 cases of apples, rejected by the New South Wales inspectors, out of 4000 Oases Bent. There are no oopper aoius la use In Johan nesburg, the smallest piece of money being the threepenny-bit. Mr John M’Lean died on Friday at bis residence, “ Campaspe,” near Malmsbury, at the advanced age of 87 years. Deoeased was a colonist of 45 years. The “ghost” reported in thn Avooa dis trict ia still going about, but efforts to get a shot at him have proved futile. Latterly be has not approached too close to travellers. A man, 70 years of age, has been sent to gaol as a vagrant by tbe Elmhurst benob. The poor old fellow has resided at Elmhurst for nearly 30 years, and will now probably end his dayß in gaol. At the Geelong Butter and Cheese Faotory the milk supply was diminished to the ex tent of 174,110 gallons daring the past half year. The ship Glenfinlas baa been posted missing at Lloyds. The Glenfinlaß left Newcastle, N.S.W., on 6ch Ootober, with a cargo of coal for Manilla. V. Trumper’a sboreß iu Sydney electorate orioket this season have been as follows: 82, 123,125, 85,120 (not oat), 191 (not oat), 133, a total of 858 ruos for five completed iunings, giving him an average of 171-0 runs, per innisgs, Most of the firßt-olass passengers of thd R.M.B. Australia will be released from quarantine after a lapse of 15 days from the date of their vaccination. Some of tbe vaccinations date baok to tbe 20tb inst. The Creswiokshire Counail is enforcing the provisions of the Width of Tires Act. At the last local court Mr Johns, P.M., . fined a dozan waggoners and wood carters Is, with 10s 6d oosts each. At Geraldton, W.A., a little girl named Crane, three years of age, while playing with matches, set fire to her dress. She died in two boars. Her mother was severely burned in eadeavoring to save her. The death is announced of Mr James Payn, the well known novelist. Mr Payn was 68 years of age. It has been arranged by the Defence De partment to sell B.M.Y.S, Nelson at anotion towards tbe end of next month, on account of the Admiralty, this relic of the “ wooden walls of England ” being the property of tbe Imperial Government. It is understood od the best anthority that Prince Ranjitsinbji has been asked by tbe Melbourne Crioket Club, and has consented, to undertake the task of bringing the next English team of orioketers to Australia. Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton has reoelved a telegram from Lord Braesey at Albany Btating that he has received a message from Captain Freeman-Thomas that be and tbe Hon. Mrs Freeman-Thomas were safely landed on the ielaod of Perim from the wreck of the China. Tbe s.s. Tntanekai has succeeded In laying the cable across Cook’s Straits, between tbe North and South Islands, in 24 hours. The work was expeoted to take the best part of a month, but tbe weather was very fine. The vessel was built specially for the purpose, and behaved exoellently. C. J. Eady recently pat up a fine perform ance, playing for Break o’ Day v Wellington. He scored 205 and 120 not ont; This la the second time be has soored the double century in a match. Three years ago he accom plished the doable against a team from Vic toria. Eady is reported to be batting better than ever this year. Anew series of postage stamps from New Zealand and Melbourne designs will be issued in a few days’ time. The feature of tbe designs it that all bear reference to notable New Zealand scenery or birds. Some of the designs arc admirable, and are greatly admired, bnt in others tbe design is spoilt by the oolors. One of the most striking Incidents of the past week’s orioket was tbe complete absolu tion granted to Jones, the fast bowler, by R*Dji, who in November last mads so de termined an attack npon the fairness of bis delivery. Umpire Phillips also says that be baa not bean able to find the slightest fault with Jones dnriog his recent periods of extra deadlineis. The steamer Palmer, which has arrived at Townsville from Cairns, reported striking Barnard Island, four miles sontb of Monril yao, on Saturday evening. The vessel floated off in 10 minntes. The passengers were snpplied with life belts, bnt there was not mnob alarm. Tbe vessel made no water, and prnoeeded. Tbe oaptain states it wa» tbe roughest trip be has experienced daring 16 years on the coast. Tbe wind was of oyolonlc force, and the night pitch dark. Commenting on Mr Barton’s snocsaafnl federation meeting at Sydney, the Sydney Morning Herald says:—“ Every federalist can and onght to accept the bill, not on the guarantees of the delegates, bat on its in herent reasonableness, fairness, and work ableness, as made clear by the measure itself. On the other tide are all those who oppose federstioo. They may hide themselves be hind some subterfuge or evasion of the ques tion by alleging that the bill of 1698 is not to tbeir mind, bnt that ia opposition not merely to the bill, bat to the federal oanse, which for the present and for years to bs depends on the forthcoming vota of the people. By no imaginable process accept able to tbe people of Australia can a different bill be got unless by beginning tbe work anew, and these wbo rejeot tbe bill of tbe Convention mnst abonlder the responsibility of rejecting Australian federation in onr day.” 