AN ABSENT MAN'S WEDDING DAY. When John Kembie, the great tragedian, was married, he went to the theatre in the evening, and acted as usual, and it was re- marked, with as much self-possession and tranquility as before. This was a great proof of the wonderful command that John Kemble had overall the springs of passion, quelling or pouring them forth at will, but the real fact was that he had forgotten all about the marriage, for after the play was over, instead of going home to his new better-half,and the friends who were waiting to take a parting glass, and wish him ever so much happiness, lie went to his bachelor's home; and the friends were astonishod when ten o'clock came, and lie was to be at home, that no John arrived, neither at eleven or at twelve Off to the theatre three of them sallied. " Mr. Kemble left at half-past nine." " Where did lie go to, sir ?" " IHe was driven to the Temple." Perhaps he had gone to take a garcon's farewell, and was lingering yet fondly over the remains of the bachelorhood. Arrived at the door of the chambers, the bell was pulled once, twice, thrice, with no result, aind they were on the point of going away when the window opened, and the great John asked, as he might of the ghost of papa Hamlet. " Who is there ?" " Why, Kemble, what are you doing there ? We have been expecting you these tlhree hours, and your wife, Mrs. Kemble, is distracted." "Mly wife ?" replied Jolhn. "What ? Yes, I remember. I had forgotten it." And the innocent John soon let in his friends. Quite forgetting the morning's engagement to enact the part of husband for life, he had gone home to bed, tallowed his nose, and was quietly tucked in for the night. What Mrs. J. K. said when ie was brought home deponent said not. $d" Mrs. Gadd-I saw y'r husband, on th' street yesterday. He looked very solemn, I thought. Has lhe got religion ? Mrs. Gaobb- No-o; it s only dyspepsia. ++ A henpecked husband said in extenuation of his wife's raids upon his scalp, ' You see she takes her own hair off so easily; she doesn't know how it hurts to have mine pulled out." A Bible expounder. in speaking of Adam, said: "'When Adam awoke from his first sleep he discooered Eve. I1may here be apropos to remnark; that Ite wiess on the evo of a great discovery.' But it turned obut that - Adam's first sleep was his last repose." Whlen Brigham Young received the boxes containing the important silki dresses and cashnmere shawls for his thirty wives hie said to a friend: " Ail, if you kithe the cost of these goods you would not btlt-ieve fr a moi .esent that 1 practised polygamy as an earthly pleasure. No, sir .it is with eiteo a stern duty.' " Henry," cried Mrs.TYoi Toodi , grasp ing her somnolent . husbandeby i the arm. 'Henry, there are burglhire in the house. Get up and go dowis. " Utter nonsense, my dear,' returned HIcriry: "You wouldn't 1lvo a min of my social position usaeeiating with burglars, would you 7, You astonish me." +4 In ]ling George Il's time Lord E- married three wives, who were all his ser vants; a beggar wonman meeting him one dayin the street, made him a very low curt sey. "Al, God Almighlty bless you," said she, "and send you a long life; if you do but live long enough I may be lady E---. Domueetic Troobles.-"A nice husband you are!" saidl Bqdame it a passion. " You care less about mie thu about those pet animals of yours. Look what you did when your poodle, Azor, died." Husband (quietly): Well,I hadi him stuffed. Wife (oexasperated): You wouldn't have gone to thlat expetse for nme-not you, in deed." ++ A noblemant went to a pawntibroker to borrow a thousand pounds uipon hlis wife's jewels, andl raid, " I east yu t tlake thele stones out of the sectirigs ind plt taise ones know that I have Ipawnedc thoui." " You are too late," said ithe pawnbrokets " for I purchlased the real stones of my lady a year ago. *.The whisper of a oe:.t-iful woman," says Iarler, rcait iie haird further than the louldest :.ll of idulty." liut the Ilan I oie is ereoping Iup stalrs, with his boots oil, at, two ''lock a m., and hears the whipetr of his wife as he leans ver the lanis:irs. in the larsknees, docen' thins. of leer berauy. HIis chief thought is how mucah he -sooIk! like to exchange his fots for a pir: i tugs.LIE Infantine Innocence.-Little Ada and her annua are in thre broughiam, witlh just about orne secondi to spare iln orderl to catch tihe train at tihe station. l.isette, the lady's maid, is closing the carriage door. Ada in eists upon getting out again; shIe has not kissed her ipapa. She is forcibly detained and assured there is not time. " Very well, then, Lisette, you go to papa; give him one of youressr-etcst Ikisses, and tell lin I l:adn't timle to coms e myelf." ++ A child, wlhile wslkin"g tIhroutghi an art gal lery weitl her mothcr er, was :uttratted by a statue of Minerva. " Who is that? "said sire. M liy clild, titat is 1'inerva,thle goddess of wisdlom." " Wlhy, didn't tltev make her htueband, too? " " tecause ssie had none, my child." "Titat was bemuse she was wise, wasn't it, mamma? " was the artless reply. 