Latest News. [By Telegraph] SYDNEY, Monday. Cattle — 1472 yarded ; prices unal tered ; bullocks £4 to £8 17s ; cows £3 10s to £6 5s. Best beef 20s per 1001bB. Butter, creamery 9d j best factory 8d to 8£d ; dairy, 6d to 7d. Maize, best 2s 5d Cheese, 4&d; to 6|d. Potatoes, £6 17s 6d to £8 12s 6d. Eggs, 6jd to 7d. Bacon, 5Jd to 7d. Fonls, 2a 6d to 4s 6d. Ducks, 2b to 8s 9d Hains, 7id to 9d. i Tho Board of health has decided to | give rewards to inspectors for securing convictions under the Diseased Meat Act. The Mail steamer Oratava on Saturday tcok 979 boxea of butter for London. The news reached Sydney yester day of tbe terrible massacre in the Solomon Islands. The natives attaoked the trading schooncr Sea Ghost. The Captain was horribly butchered, and four natives made a desperate resis tance but were soon overcome, and the vessel waB run ashore , looted and burnt. Tbe Oaptain'B body was thrown overboard, four of the crew were taken to the village for the can nibals' feaBt. William Henry Cole waB remanded to Auckland under a provisional war rant, charging him with stealing £286. The Bulletin libel case was resumed to day. Bobert Young, shipbuilder, was again under cross- examination. LONDON, Suadcj. The Trades Union CongresB has de manded the abolition of child labour under the age of fourteen, and all night work for persons uuder 18. \- General Pando, who attempted to reinforce Santiago' during its siege, sailed from Cuba for Spain with 12,000,000 francs. The Dervishes were again com pletely routed in the Soudan. The Khalifa, with hia entire force advanced within three miles of Omdurman, and made a bold and determined attempt to envelop the British flanks, but was repulsed after an hour's fighting. Kitchener then advanced, hia object being to capture the city. The enemy njjain attacked bim, but were repulsed with heavy loss. The Dervishes were completely dispersed. An angle of the Egyptian troops met with little resistance when occupying the city. The Khalifa took flight aod was pur sued by the gunboats and the cavalry. The British loss was 100 men and that of the Egyptian army 200 men. Lieutenant Grent'ell of the 12th Lancers and Captain Caldercot oC Yorkshire were the only British offi cers killed. Grenfell fell in a bril liant charge. The 21st Laucers loBt 20 men ond 21 were wouudod. 1'hj llussian newspapers warn France that it is uselesi to expect aid from Russia in regaining Alsace and Lor raine. A train was wrecked at Weelnig borough (Eugland) through some boys obstructing tbe line with luggage and la wheelbarrow. Six persons were killed nnd 8 others wero injur»d- 