THE GHOST-DANCE OF AMERICAN INDIANS. ——— DURING the years 1889-92 a remarkable religious creed overspread the western United States, and was connected with a lamentable Sioux outbreak. Fortunately, an officer of the United States Bureau of Ethnology, Mr. James Mooney, was engaged at the time in the study of the tribes affected by the fantasy, and he was able to make an exhaus- tive investigation concerning its rise, spread, and decadence. The result of his observa- tions have now been published in an elaborate monograph by the Bureau of Ethnology, and it is not too much to say that no more won- derful contribution to the history of religious cults has ever been made. The ghost-dance religion was the outcome of a belief that the Messiah of the Indians had come. The hope and longing for the return of a deliverer is common to a large part of humanity, and among the American Indians the belief in the coming of a Messiah (usually described as a white man with a flowing beard), who will restore them to their original happy condition, is well-nigh universal. This faith in the return of a white deliverer from the East caused the simple natives ot Haiti, Mexico, Yucatan, and Peru to welcome the Spanish explorers ; and it was only after the white strangers had trampled all their most sacred things underfoot that they rose up, in 1680, and attempted to throw off the yoke of their oppressors. Despite their bitter dis- appointment, however, the natives continued to cherish the hope of a coming Redeemer, and whenever a prophet has arisen and preached a union of all the red tribes and a return to the old Indian life he has always gained numerous followers. A large number of such prophets have appeared from time to time, and it is with the cult founded by one, named Wovaka, who announced his mission in 1890, that Mr. Mooney's memoir is chiefly concerned. Wovoka did not claim to be Christ, as has been often asserted, but he declared himself a prophet who had re- ceived a divine revelation, and had been given supernatural powers. The great under- laying principle of the ghost-dance religion to which the gospel of the new prophet gave rise was that the time was near at hand when the whole Indian race, living and dead, would be reunited upon a regenerated earth, to live a life of aboriginal happiness, for ever free from death, disease, and sorrow. The moral code inculcated by Wovoka was pure and comprehensive in its simplicity. " Do no harm to anyone. Do right always. You must not fight. Do not tell lies." These are a few of the precepts which Wovoka gave to his disciples. In addition to keeping these ethical principles, believers were ordered to dance every six weeks for four successive nights, and the last night to keep up the dance until the morning of the fifth day, when all had to bathe in the river and dis- perse to their homes. The ghostdance thus established differs slightly in different tribes, but in all of them the aim of the performers is to work themselves into the condition of a trance.—" Leisure Hour." 