SUNDAY AT HOME. IS THERE ANY HOPE ? (By Mr. F. Thomas.) Having no hope, and without God in the world.-Ephesians ii., 12. Some years ago a fearful colliery ac .cident happened in England. Hundreds of men were buried in a coal mine, and the Queen 'from her throne tele .grarphed, "Is there any hope?" and they .telegraphed back, "No." We may 'look at that picture and ask, "Is there any hope for us?" and we can say- - "Yes." Yes, the hope is in Jesus. He ,will show you his wounds, my friend; .he will hold his hands up to you. .He will show you' his feet, he will show you his side; and he will say. *"There is hope there." Is there any hope for us? Thank God there is. There comes a time, I know not when, A place, I know not where, That marks the destiny of men For glory or despair. 'There is hope for every man who .has not so sinned against the Holy Ghost that hope has been killed. The Holy Ghost has not left you yet, my .young friend. Those of us who are .young have not sinned the Holy Ghost away. The harvest is not past for us yet; there is hope. for us yet. How is this hope coming to us? What is it? Is it anything 'real, tangible, that will dellight the intellect and .heart, and fill the whole soul of man? Is it worth having? A huge army 'was once besieging an old Italian town. Within the town the people were all gathered together, and it seemed that all was lost. But a young man in the town said "Whb are the young 'men WHO WILL COME AND HELP ME? Who will gather themselves into a band and go out, 'and see if we can not raise this siege?" They went out, and fell on the enemy unawares, put them to. flight, and delivered their town. But the noble leader had his arm cut off close to ,the shoulder. After the siege was thus raised they heaped upon the man every honour they could think of. They made him head of ,the army, and sought by every means 'to compensate him for that which he had lost in, defenoe of the 'town. A little while afterwards his brother was found 'in "communication with those same enemies, offering, if they would come t'o the town, to open the gates and admit them. But he was caught red-handed in the act, with the papers in his 'pocket. There was NO HOPE FOR HIM. He was 'brought before the tribunal of his countrymen, and stood there speechless, having no word to say for himself. The evidence against him was overwhelming, and the people .stood ready to denounce him' as guilty, when there was a little disturbance in the back of the hall, and presently .a path began to be made as the people went aside. "Room, room for Aman tos," the ,man wh'o had lost his arm in his country's defence. He walked up, and actually 'Stood beside his brother. He tried to speak for him, but he had not 'a 'word to say. His voice failed him. It seemed as though to plead for his brother's life was to be ineffectual after 'all, that there was nothing more that he could do. But, turning and facing the people, he lifted the stump of his 'arm that 'he had lost in defending the town, and put it over his brother's head, and held it there silently. And among the crowd there was just a little rustle, and then a ris ing murmur; and then came the call "THE BROTHER OF AMAN.TOS IMUST NOT DIE; The brother of Amantos must be acquitted." You and I, my friend, are to stand before the tribunal of Al mighty God, and we will be speechless. Every mouth will be dumb before him. But if we are in Christ, the Lamb that .was slain, he will stand beside us, and he will hold his wounded hands over us. He will plead his wounds for us, and the voices round the throne, the elders and the mighty congregation of hearven, will cry-"The brother of Jesus must not die; the brother of Jesus must not die." Do you see it, my friend? We have hope, and the hope is in Jesus Christ. Whereas once we had no hope, without God in the world, now we have Jesus, and hi wounds are pleading for us in heaven, and he is praying for us. We have got hope, hope of immortality, the hope tha?t cannot fail. WIIL YOU HAVE THATI HOPE? In the name 'of God the Father, who sent his beloved Son for your redemp tion, I offer you Jesus now. Choose ye Jesus and hope, or be like those I have mentioned, without God, with out hope in 'the world. What is your plan, what is your intention? WCill you have this Christ, this mighty God, or will you' face the eternal God without him? Will you have Jesus Christ?- ?iWll you have him deep in your heart, my friend. Settle it now. It needs settlement now and forever. Will you have Jesus Christ? 