THE QUIET THINGS THAT ENDURE. By E. GRIFFITHS JONES, B.A. "What I tell you in darkness, that speak ye in light; and what ye. hear in the vr, that preach ye upon the house tops."— Matt. x., 27. (Concluded from Last Week.) In human life and social life the same fact is to be observed. The great forces of progress take their rise in the secret : places, and are born unnoticed in hours of darkness. There are people who live so much in the visible and the vocal that they forget that their true life is chiefly out of sight. The engine room of a great factory is the quietest room in the place, though it sets all the noisy machinery in motion, and the springs of human con duct are mainly out of sight and hearing, not only of others, but ever of ourselves. You can give only a part of your reasons for anything that you do; the rest can only te guessed at even by your own closest act of scrutiny. Philosophers are giving more and more room in their systems for the great area of sub-con sciousness that underlies the conscious life of man, and the profoundest students of human nature are those who make most allowance for this. Influences from outside, and from above, sink silently like seeds' into the soil 'of character; pre sently they bring forth blade and leaf, and we see them in their results; but in their working they often give no sign. In the rush "and bustle of life we forget or do not know this; it is only in the hour when we retire to think and meditate and pray that it becomes dimly known to us. It is a salutary moment for every man when he has faced and learnt -this lesson effectually. He will be stirred to watch himself with a more apprehensive eye, and to pray with greater fervor, when he has realised that there is so much going on in his heart at which he can only dimly guess; and he" will say more devoutly than he could have done before, "Who can discern his errors? Cleanse Thou me from secret faults." But let us keep to our conscious life, and we have but to consider a moment to realise that the silent, modest, gentle forces of life are the most potent. In every man's life there is the outward part which he passes in the bustle and rush of business, in which he gives utterance to his surface thoughts and plans. But to get at the motive forces of his career we must go. within, we must get at emo tions and impulses, influences and de sires, that possibly he never hints at in his conversation with others, and' does not always formulate even to himself. Know these and you have the key to his character ..and history;' ignore them and you are outside the possibility of ac quaintance with the real man. Take a wider sweep into national- life. We hear in the newspapers of the shock of parties, the swaying to and fro of opinions, the wrestling of contending po liticians for place and power; and we might think that political life is like a vast cauldron or eels, each trying to get its head above its fellows. We read of murders and crimes, of lawsuits and trials, of disturbances and catastrophes, of wars and massacres. And out of these contemporary records presently wise men will weave what is called a history, of. the time. : History? "The real history of any people can never be written in .this way. History is the re cord work, not of destruction; of pro gress, not of that which hinders and re tards it; and the root of great move ments lies not in the kind of stuff ' that fills our .newspapers, but in the unre corded part of life, in peaceful industries, in happy social relations, in home affec tions, in . the . grow; th of knowledge, and and art, and morals and religious faith. It is these that go to the making of any nation; but they are facts so subtle, and so even in their development, that they can be : measured only ait long intervals, by the happy ripening of their results. Let me now go on to say that religion is the gathering together into form and substance and power of all these quiet and divine forces that make for true life, with a view of giving them "their right ful place in our thoughts and affections." Jesus came to -reveal, vindicate; and enr throne: these pgteAtr xthd neglected facts." Men rforget -Ckld; in w|jom .they; live and move and have their being. Jesus came and spoke sweet and unforgctable things to His little company of God and life and immortality, and sent 'them forth into the world to make His mes sage known. ' Men forget righteousness and peace . and joy in the Holy Ghost. He came and discoursed gracious par ables about these gentle ministries and truths. Men forget pity and kindness, unselfishness and. compassion in the pas sion of wild excitements and grinding competitions. He came and unfolded the .rich -possibilities hidden in simple emotions, simple aims, simple but sub lime heroisms. Men forget - about re formation and forgiveness and renewal in their frequent failures, and in their too ready- despair at their failure. He came to show forth the star of hope that hangs in the murkiest sky, and the glim mer of dawn which hovers on the edge of the blackest night. He spoke His message softly, and His voice was not raised in the streets; on the hillside, way side, lakeside. He gathered and wove the meshes of those blessed parables which ars as baskets of silver for apples of gold. And then He sent forth His disciples to give utterance and emphasis to these quiet truths that lie at the roots of life, human and divine; to speak in the light what they had learnt with Him in the darkness,- to proclaim from the house tops what they had heard from Him in the ear. This is the perpetual function of re ligion, and those who teach it, in the pul pit and elsewhere. We live in a world so full of tumult and controversy and wrestling that it is needful to be continu ally reminded of the existence and essen tial importance of these divine factors of life and character. Thousands do for get them; they live for the moment for material tangible ends that loom large at the time only to vanish like smoke when life comes to an end. Thousands do forget them; they scoff at Churches and chapels, priests and evangelists, ser mons and psalms, and yet if they paused and considered their own life, surely they would see that it is only in so far as they have some flashes and remnants left in their lives of the things which these in stitutions and offices exist to vindicate that they are kept from utter decay and desolation. And therei are those who are so absorbed in the struggles and fierce battles of the world's restless affairs that they never give a moment to these other realities that live in the heart of their lives, though often so far from their thoughts. "But these quiet things of God are the things that endure." They outlive dy nasties and nations, rise fresh and youthful from the graves .of the institu tions and movements to which they give rise, and gently renew their life in the ashes of burnt .out theories, dogmas, Churches reared to give them immortal ity. The Gospel of the truth and grace of God is the only thing that has a real earthly immortality. Here is a little poem that I cut out of a newspaper dur ing the last election: — Yesternight, where the smoke was" thick, I sat silent and heard the brawl- Till I grew weary and sick of all. Went out to watch the darkening even. Sought the touch Of the airs of Heaven. ' Half a mile on, a sudden song. Mounting above in a girl's sweet breath, Brought me to pause, and I caught the words, "Victory, Victory, over Death," From a little-Chapel so deep in green. The psalm was heard ere the place was seen. These be things thai last, I said, . -Shadows we are' that shadows pursue, Triumph and-w'eep over vanities, j ; : Strut and ret and make-much ado — 5 - Verily. Christ, as He did say. Is with two or three who meet to pray. > So while the people sang and prayed, These bo the tblngs that endure, I said. Yes; "these be the things that endure." A hundred years hence it will count for little which party is in power to-day; the great will of God will be worked out through and in spite of both. The bril liant perorations and passionate person alities of our leaders, which we read so eagerly morning by morning — or think we do — what will they matter a year hence? _But the Parable of the Leaven, and the "Prodigal Son, and the great story of the cross and of Him who died thereon — these will matter more and more as the centuries roll on. Whether you will make your fortune or not will not mattermuch — orat all— in that still andquiet hour when you wiil be lying near the dark portal, and you will have to leave all you can see and hear and handle; but you will crave for some words of the blessed Book that lies now so .quietly on the shelf, perhaps out of sight, out of mind; and you will grasp at its promises of pardon and accept ance as you now grasp at other things. I-have stood beside many deathbeds, but have never found man or woman then in a mood to prize the thousand interests and ambitions that occupied their thoughts from day to day; but in the stillness and the darkness they have strained ears and hearts to listen to the quiet woids and saving sayings of Jesus, 