FEDERAL FIGURES. The Cuban businaas lias not altogether distract ed public attention from the federal campaign, which last night was again raging all round tile suburbs of Sydney, and is renewed tbis morn ing in the columns of the papers. IJast night's speakers for the most . part traversed familiar ground; hut we have to congratulate the opponents of the bill on the acquisition of another ally of note. No less a person tnan Mr. George Black, M.L.A. for the Gipps division, has publicly de clared himself as an opponent of the bill , on ac count of ite undemocratic character. Mr. Black was a staunch upholder in the early days of the Labor party of tae claim for more 'trea- sure, leisure, .and pleasure' for tbe working man. Certainly sinee then Mr. Elack and his colleagues have at least done nothing to decrease the leisure of -which the working man gets more than is de eirable; so much, indeed that his 'treasure' has in many cases become a minus quantity. Some years ago Mr. Black used to contribute to the plea sure of his fellow-citizens by delivering a periodi cal address in honor of the anniversary of the, establishment of toe Paris Commune in 1S71 — a government which enforced obedience by what it considered the ultra democratic means of shooting 'its opponents. It is hard to say how the ultra conservative opponents of the Convention Bill will get on with the ultra democratic Mr. Blacky but, probably, the introduction of one more incongruous person into their already mixed collection will not make any particular difference to them. More important than the^ fulminatione of Mr. Black, or the calm declaration of Mr. John Haynes that he is 'rather amused' at the proceedings of Mr. Bar ton, is the declaration pu* forth by Mr. Coghlan in the guise of an interview, contesting Mr. Bar ton's views on federal finance. Figures can be twisted about to prove anything in -accordance with the preconceived views of the person who brings them forward. An expert accountant can do this; and how -much more a statistician. Now Mr. Coghlan baa the strongest reason to have a preconceived view against federation. It would be wrong to say dogmatically that he has, but all ?tis- antecedents point that way. For some years past New South Wales, though: nominally ruled ?by a responsible Ministry, has really, been ruled by Coghian. The Government system has, in fact, been more Coghian than responsible. Mr. Coghlan was first removed temporarily from the Statisti cian's Office to run the Public Service Board and ?execute summary judgment upon the hapless civil servants; then he was cent to London to super intend the management of the Agent-General's Office and to advise as to that veteran functionary's fate;, and since he has been advising- ih& Seance committee of the Convention,' and eeems rather -angry that that committee disobeyed him in some minor particulars. Without going more fully into figures, it may he noted 'that Mr. Coghlan's esti mate as to post office expenditure does aot seem to make any allowance - for increase of Dusiness, entailing increase of correspondence, which will toe caused -by the-removal of internal barriers; and that Mr. Coghlan's estimate as to the military ap pears to go into certain matters with which Mr. Coghlan has nothing to do. This eminent statis tician, points out. that many of the present Austra lian fortifications are useless. Ke therefore favors new ifortiflcations, and also is a partisan of the re arming of the troops. It is a pity Mr. Coghlan did not say what description of repeating rifle he ?prefers,tout doubtless he will toe ready with views on ?this point when called upon. It may beiobserv ed parenthetically that if new arms and new forts are necessaryf these are not necessitated- by the; prospect of federation, hut by the duty of keeping, enemies out of Australia, whether it be federated t-r lmfeaerated. But the important subject of all is the great Mr. Coghian himself, and bow to re^ ?move his opposition to federation - as now;: pro posed. ?Perhapte if the other, colonies 'could/ fee brought into 'line an acceptable form of iederition iTvould he to appoint Mr/ Coghlan to ruie'ali;Auis tralia/ with the stipulation that*e should com bine in his .own person all the Ministerial offices and the command of the forces— for the latter bit let he has just been displaying his special .apti tudes. The other colonies might short-sighted'y /raise objections to the course which we here, sug gest; but there is a precedent for it in the recent s&istGry; of New South Wales. .'No objection would come from Mr. Coghlan himselL. He is in eocksureaness an Australian - counterpart oi Lord John ? Russell, of whom - it; was once said that he would be ready to perform' lithotomy or take command of the Channel Fleet. In one not unimportant respsct connected with the Commonwealth Bill the Victorians have' the j start of us. They have had placed in their hands j copies of the measure, with Dr. Quick's explana tion of the various clauses, about a fortnight be fore the Sydney edition was ready for issue. Mr. R. R. Garran has done for the bill here what Dr. Quick did for it in Victoria, and he has done it well. The task of explaining the bill is one re quiring great care and judgment, though perhaps j few bills of first-class importance ever drawn up j were less ambiguous. As to whether it can be j really 'understanded of the common people' when j read, that is quite another thing. Mr. Garran's ! annotations, however, should greatly assist the ; doubting and perplexed voter. The phraseology of j the bill, by the way, is eq clear that Mr. Garran, ? like Dr. Quick, has left large gaps, simply be- I cause no explanation was needed. But the unfor- .; lunate fact about the bill ie the delay in getting it sent out. Barely half the number have yet been distributed, and the distribution is a slow process. Nor does it seem, to be. sure as well as J 'slow, because some copies are being sent to ad- j dresses which were correct ten yeans ago.. This | is doubtless due to the Public Service Board's me- | tbod of doings things. The work is entrusted to | clerks already in the aerviee, who, it is under- j stood, have in consequence to put in a good deal j of overtime, while there are scores of retrenched hands who might with advantage have been taken on for- this special work. An old Sydney identity has passed away with j the death of Mr. John Boseby. Mr. Rcseby wae j for some years a member of the City Council, and j he also at one period of his career sat in Parlia- j ment as the representative of a South Coast con- j stituency. But.it was as an advocate of the tern- j jserance cause that he was best known. He wars j ?prominently identified with the local option j ?movement for very many years, as well as. with j the public charities and various social reform and ; religious movements. Mr. Roseby had a ready flow of eloquence, which enabled him' to do ef- j fective work as a platform orator, and he may be j said, like many another of his stamp, to have only ? just missed winning some of the more valued j prizes of public life, and it. was his lot to see him- j self distanced in the race for distinction by men j in several respects his inferior in natural ability, j Navvies and railway construction men are pro- j verbially a rough and turbulent class, but some of j them in West Australia eeem anxious to rival the j deeds of Bret Harte's heroes and other chroni- ] clers of the wild and woolly west. At a camp of i fettlers a 'tarpaulin muster' was held, and the ; ?proceeds were to be devoted to beer. A trusted ; man was dispatched to the nearest place to expend ; the total collected, 10s, in beer, and bring it back. : The faithless messenger went gaily avray, and after a lengthened absence, returned, but, alas! without beer or money. How much he brought back be hind his back teeth is not stated, but presumably a good deal, or he would have had some plausible story ready to mitigate the 'wrath of his mates. He was tried by court-martial and sentenced to be hanged, and so nearly did they approach tragedy that when the beerless messenger was taken. down he was insensible and nearly dead. The rope was eo tightened round his neck that there was much ? trouble to get it off, and some hours elapsed before he was restored. Lynching, whether in half-jest or deadly earnest^ has but seldom occurred in Aus tralia. Lo_ng years ago, during 'the first settle ment of Carpentaria, a Chinaman was hanged by the neck until he was dead, and the perpetrators es caped scot free. There was a case of a blackboy also in the northern colony, which led to the vol untary exile of one or two then- well-known men; but ifchese cases are very exceptional. Somehow, de spite a certain amount of lawlessness, summary justice of that sort has never appealed to the An glo-Australian mind. Presumedly, like most things, it ie purely a matter of habit. The victim of the West Australian case will .in future remem ber Sairey's advice, 'Drink fair, Betsy, whatever you do.' A more unpardonable offence than rob bing your mates of ' their beer is not to be found in the bush calendar. - ? A breach- of-promise case recently decided in Vic toria is a liberal education on the rights of the coming woman and the felicity of engaged couples. According to 4he defendant, who gained a ver dict, the plaintiff had shown no desire to learn home duties, but- frankly suggested that, as they were both school teachers, she could 'take his school while he attended to the domestic duties. There is no doubt that there are many women with an aptitude for business who are the guiding, spirits in many different kinds of enterprise; but as a rule they have the sense to do their 'ghost' work be-' hind the scenes, and don't emphasise the feet that , they are the brains of tlhe affair. If the theory of life according to the fair plaintiff were carried out in all the trades and professions which women now enter into, some curious situations would result. The lady doctor taking her husband's rounds off -his hands while he attended to the cooking would lead to some confusion amongst tine patients; but if two ' journalists married, opposed in policy, the paper they produced alternately would be a treat. 