THE LAST OF THE DEANES. "Suicide during temporary insanity" was the verdict of the coroner's jury. The facts, as stated by Sir Henry Denne in his evidence, were simple enough. The deceasid, James Burton, had been lus vnlet for the past five years ; lie was an excellent servant in every respect. For the past couple of weeks Sir Jlenry noted his manner xvas strange, hut lie did not think much of it at the time. lie knew Burton hail a letter from a cousin who wns in America, and in great poverty ; that might have upset liitn. On the morning of the 18th inst., Mrs. Johnson, Sir Henry's housekeeper, came to him in great alarm, and asked him to come at once to Burton's room. There Sir Henry saw the deceased in bed, with a fearful gash In the throat ; there was a razor lying on the floor. Sir Henry had 110 doubt but that Burton must have com mitted suicide. Sir Henry's evidence was corroborated by Mrs. Johnson, who stilted that the deceased had spoken to her about his cousin in America, and seemed troubled nbcmt him. Ho also told Mrs. Johnson a short time before that Burton's cousin was a hit " queer." Everyone sympathised with Sir Henry, for it xvas painfully evident the tragic event in his household had very greatly upset him. His doctor recommended immediate change of air and scene. So a couple of days after the inquest Sir Henry's depar ture for the Continent xvas chronicled in the local paper ; hut he had his own reasons for going away. Sir Henry xvas the last of one of the oldest, and at one time the wealthiest, families in the xvholc county. Reduced rents had considerably curtailed the wealth of the estate, and aomo people said Sir Henry xvas not at all as xvell oft' as formerly. His marriage xvitli Miss Floyd xvnuhl lioxvex-er clear oft' the encumbrances xrhiuh report whispered Sir Henry had put on the property. Miss Floyd was the only daughter of a millionaire soapmaker, xvho hurl lately purchased a property in Sir Henry's neighbourhood. At first the county families turned up their noses ot the new importation, but as rumour gained ground that Miss Floyd might shortly become Duly Deane, the county families became very civil indeed to tho maker of soap and his handsome daughter. True, Sir Henry xvas close on fifty, and Miss Floyd some years less than half that age ; but that was nothing. It xvas quite right and fitting that Sir Henry should marry money, and money xvas only to he found in trade — so went gossip. But though gossip knew a lot, it did not knoxv so very much about Sir Henry, for lie had a way of keeping his ufiiiirs pretty closely to himself. Sir Her.ry Deane xvas, as a matter of fact, on the verge of ruin, and nothing hut his marriage xvitli Miss Floyd could snx-c the sale of t hose broad acres, the fine old park, and that proud castellated dwelling, which for centuries had been the home of the Deanos. But there xvas lioxvever a slight impedi ment to the marriage. When Sir Henry xvas young he had fallen in love xvitli and married the daughter of one considerably his inferior in rank and position. A year after the marriage he grexv tired of the pretty face and baby that led him into the greatest error a man in his position could commit. He told his wife frankly that he could nut live xvitli her ; lmxvouhl alloxv her an annual income that xvould keep her in comfort, if not in the magni ficence that became the xvife of Sir Henry Deane. The poor girl xvho, though she dearly loved her handsome, fickle husband, xvas terribly afraid of him, consented to any arrangement that xvould please Sir Ilcnry. So they parted. Years had rolled on, and Sir Henry hoard at rare intervals from his xvife. For the past few years she had not written to him at all, perhaps because he never had taken the trouble of answering her letters. Ho began to liopo she xvas dead, and, in fact, determined to act as if she xvere so by marrying Miss Floyd, and saving himself from impending ruin. A few days lioxvever before his valet had committed suicide ho had received a letter. That letter I10 noxv held in his hand, whilst a look horn of a desperate, settled purpose came into his face as, lying hack in a first-class railway carriage, lie read its contents. It was very short, dated about a xvcok back, from an obscure town 011 tho .South Coast of France. "Deau Henky, — Please come to me nt once. I want to see you very much. — Your loving xvife, "Auhora Deane." "She may he dying," he thought, "she may he dead. I hope sho is. But nothing xvill stop me noxv." And the desperate look deepened so much on his face that it xvould hax-c scared anyone, but Sir Henry had the compartment all to himself. At the end of his journey lie found his wishes realised. His xvife had just breathed her last a couple of hours before his arrival. His marriage xvitli Miss Floyd xvas to take place immediately. It xvas to he a great ex-ent. Every one xvns delighted, and declared Miss Floyd to be a " sxveet littlo thing," and the old county gentlemen shook Sir Henry by tho hand, and said they xvere all getting afraid he xvould have been the last of tho Deanes. lie xvent about everywhere with his future bride, and received his con gratulations xvitli that calin, dignified courtesy xvhieh so xvell became him ; hut ltoxv aged lie looked now — how terribly aged. _ O110 night his housekeeper informed him that a very queer looking man had been hanging about near the house during the day. ' I don't know what lie xvants, Sir Henry ; but he is a queer-looking creature, and I10 makes me feel nervous.' ' Some tramp, I suppose,' replied the baronet. 'Give him something, and then tell him to be of!.' 'Oh, Sir Ilcnry, look I' And the housekeeper pointed to the window of the library xvliero thoy xvere standing. She had turned deadly pale, and clutched the baronet's arm in an agony of terror. Sir Henry xvent over to the xvindoxv and looked out. It xvas a very dark- night, and nothing xvas to bo seen. After peering into the darkness for a vory few minutes, lie turned back into the room. ' It must hax'c been your fancy, Airs. Johnson,' he said. 'There is no one there, or I xvould have heard them. You had belter go to bed. Late hours are had for the nerves,' 'It xvasn't my fancy, Sir Ilenrv. I saw tint man look into the room there just now; T could swear it. And his eyes! Oh, Sir Henry, it was the eves.' 'Eves.' What about his eyes 1 Don't br foolish woman, but go oil" to bet 11' ' His eyes remind 1110' — and the house keeper's \\-<>ico .sank into a whisper — 'of poor James !' Sir Henry looked at her keenly ; it xvas a fixed searching glance, that made the housekeeper somexvliat feel afraid of him, and she left the room xvithout saying any more. Sir Henry Hung himself into a deep leathern chair and became apparently absorbed in thought. ' Strange,' ho mused ; ' It xvas this very night a year ago that James committed suicide. I don't believe in ghosts though, or I might have been troubled xvitli them before this. Humbug ! When a man's dead there's an end to him. Hark ! What is that ? I hoard a step on tho gravel, I am sure !' He sat it) in his chair listening, when he suddenly became axvare of a man look ing in at hint from tho xvindoxv. The eyes — oh those eyes ! Yes, tho housekeeper xvas right. Sir Henry felt an iixvful feeling of terror creeping over him. He gazed at the mail, and, like one in a nightmare, became unable to mox-cor speak. Presently the figure drexv itself bodily up front t lie ground outside, and stepped into the room. It xvas a miserable- looking object, all in rags, xvitli xvild shaggy hair, and a strange mixture of fear and cunning in tho great staring eyes. Directly the man niox-cd Sir Henry recovered himself, and, starting up, lie inquired lioxv dare lie come in like that. ' Soaft, soaft, Sir Henry ; doan't get into a foos. I joost xvoant to hove a foo words xvitli 'oo.' The man spoke in a queer, childlike x-oice, very strange to listen to. Sir Henry gazed at the curious object before him. What an unearthly tiling it xvas ! And those eyes ! As lie looked at them he became all at once roused into a frenzy of rage and horror. Ho made a spring at the man, and, seizing hint by the neck, shook him like a dog. 'By hoax-ens,' lie muttered, ' if you are not out of that window in txvo .seconds, I'll ' 'Oo xvill moorilcr me, loikc '00 did pore James.' The man spoke quite calmly, utterly indiil'erent to the sudden assault. The lmronet relaxed his grasp xvitli an oath, and then a revulsion of feeling uiime over him : lie sunk hack 011 a chair, trembling all over, whilst a cold sxveat broke out in great heads on his brow. 'Yes, Sir Henry,' continued the crea ture, delighted xvitli the client of his xvurds — and, coming closer, lie leant over tho table, staring strangely all the xvhile, xvitli a savage, exultant gleam ill his queer eyes — ''oo moordered pore James, I nuo it. He found a letter from oor' xvifo tliot is dead, and J nines, lie xvrotc to me to Americky to say '00 xvas a married 1111111, an yet '00 xx-as going to marry another '001111111. When I heard about his killing hissclf, I say, ' No ; Sir Henry joost moordered liitn to pool him oot o' the xvay.' And I am cooin noxv to have blilid — hluiil for bluid — that is fair. Juntos, he xx-ns lit)' cousin, and ' Sir Henry looked up. His face xvas deathly pale. So fearful xvas his expres sion that it had ex-en an ell'ect 011 the half-witted creature next him. ' 'Oo does look real had,' the man said, starting hack. Sir Henry pointed to the xvindoxx-. ' Go,' lie said, ' go.' 'Yes, I'll go 1100, Sir Henry. But bluid for bluid, tliot is fair ; '00 must do wot is fair.' The man then, looking once more at Sir Henry out of his great staring eves, vanished out of the xvindoxv. The baronet lay hack in his chair, gazing fixedly at the strange, xveird figure as it disappeared, nnd the xx-onls ' blood for blood ' kept ding-dong, ding-dong in the ears of tho murderer, sounding like his funeral dirge. The xvholc scene came hack to him xvitli an awful vividness. He had left that letter, the last letter from his xvife, on his table, and had gone out of the room forgetting it ; hut directly afterxvards he remembered it, and came hack, hut saw it xvas loo late. Burton xx-as iu the room, and he knoxv by the man's face ho had read the letter and held Sir Henry's fate in his hands. In that instant Sir Henry resolved that the man should die. He remembered noxv so clearly the xvild look of terror in his serx-ant's eyes, as, xvaking up, he saxv Sir ilenrv standing oxer him that night xvitli the razor in his hand. Then- ouglt ' hoiv tho blood spluttered and lloxx-eil. ' Blood for blood,' — the xvords kept ringing axvay in his ears. Presently lie urose and xvent to a small draxver. He took out a little silx-er- mounted revolver, and examined it eare- fullv. It xvas loaded in tluvc chambers Click ! The empty chamber pte-sed the trigger : the next xvns loaded. Sir Henry sat doxvn, lowered the lamp, and paused for a fexv see 1 1111 Is. Then the sound of 11 shot broke the stillness oi" the night, echoing loudly throughout the old house, whilst outside 11 queer, Itall'-xv it ti-d creature kept muttering. Bluid for bluid, bluid for bluid !' Tin: time required for a joune-y round the earth hv a man xvalking day anil night, without resting, would lie It's davs : an express train. It) days ; sound, at a ' met limn leniprrature. :tH, hours ; a cannon hull, - 1 -j hours; light, a little over one-tenth ot a second ; and elec tricity, passing oxer a copper wire, a little under one-tenth of a. second. Is a celebrated reformatory of America the xvoincn xvcar aprons xvitli large square pockets, in xvhieh each may keep a hook drawn from the carefully- selected library, to read in her occasional moments of leisure. ''A hook that I read iti my youth poisoned my mind and brought me here," said one of the xvonien ; ' this one has saved- 1110." Tt xvas a life of Eliz abeth Fry. Could the most accom plished of critics better have summarized tho influence of good and of bad litera ture 1 