PROMOTION OF SENTRI NO. 10. [COPYRIGHT.] An Ikcident of the American War. UY C. Y. HA RG REAVES, Author of ' Paul Romer,' ' Poste Restante,' ' The Ghost of Mary Thorpe,' &c.; ' You will need to have your wits about vou .' «? I know it, sir.' ' Remember, even now, if you like to draw back I will cancel your application. There are others ready to volunteer.' ' I don't-wish to draw buck. At all costs I will undertake it.' The Jolonel in command of the small division of the C force looked somewhat doubtfully at his sub. The youog man stood there alert, self- possessed, nay even eager to be off on his perilous mission. That a large body of the Secessionists were somewhere within their vicinity was well known ; but it was an urgent necessity to the Colouel com manding the small body of Government forces, that he should ascertain the position they had taken up, and whether it would he advisable for him to face back upon the main body some fifteen miles In the rear. Snouts had been sent out, but even with the best intentions, reports were conflicting. Asa last and some what perilous resource, it had been decided to send out Bcoute on foot, who would be able to penetrate further within the enemy's line than a mounted man could do. Jaspar Deane was one who volunteered for the attempt. The youngest sub in the com pany, merely a slight, fair haired stripling, and moreover the son of his dearest friend, Colonel Wensley, hesitated to accept his services. But the young man was persistent. To youth nothing seems impossible : he would return covered with glory ; he feared nothing ; he was eager in his entreaties to the Colonel for permission. * Six or eight miles lay between themselves ana ine opposing lorces. ttoagu urusn covered ground offered' advantages for con cealment. He knew every inch of the country. By making a detour he could, at least so he hoped, come down at the rear of the enemy's camp and determine its strength. 'Then go, boy, and lock be with you,' said the Colonel, kindly. If you sucoeed it will mean promotion, and if you lose your life — well, it will be for your country, and a man cannot lose it in a better cause than that. Use every precaution, let there be no ftol hardiness. I shall have to answer to your father for this.' ' There is another man going also ?' said Deane, moving towarde the door of the tent. 'Who is he ?'T 'Blackfe of the 19th. He will descend from the west side. You take the east.' Some minutes later Jaspar Deane was ready to set out. He had carefully weighed the probabilities of return. The ohances wire ten to one against him. He went, carrying his life in his hand ;- but it was his own life, to do with it as he would. ?'Haven't you got a relative serving under the southern flag ? ' asked one of the youoger officers, as Deane buckled up his belt. ' My cousin.' ' Seen him since the war broke out?' '* No ; but I've reason to believe he's over there.' The lad jerked his hand in the direction where the opposing forces were suspected to be lying. *' I may tumble across him before I've done.' ' Has ho a grudge against you ?' asked the other man. * ' Grudge ?' Jaspar wheeled round. *' He's one of the best fellows who ever put foot to the ground. He was going to marry my sister, but, of course, that's all off now. When the war broke out he chucked up everything and went tooth and nail in with the Secessionists. He's only a private.' ' I don't imagine he is still. Promotion comes pretty quick nowadays. Well, you're off.' The thick darkness hugged the little camp like a mantle, and Jispar stole away into it. Fleet- footed as a hare, wiry, agile, fearless : if he could not succeed in this mission it was doubtful if any other member of the force could. He went swiftly on with a soreness born of close acquaintance with the country, keeping well to cover, listening for every suspicious sound, bis nerves keenly on the alert, his eyes, watchful as a cat's, peering into the darkness. He badjaid his plans with some precision before he left the camp. It was possible he might have to modify them, but he must be guided by circumstances. As he tramped on his thoughts flew to Blackie of the 19th, scouting like himself over the lonely country side. Would he also be successful, or would they both loee their lives in this risky attempt ? He hadacurtoua feeling that he would like to shake Blackie by'the hand for good luck. The darkness did not seem to be lifting -at all. He was glad of that. It showed the night was not so far advanced as he feared. Should the opposing force attack them it was not likely the charge would be made before daybreak, and long ere that dawned he hoped to be back in camp with news as to whether it would be advisable for the Colouel in command to retreat while there was yet time. He was getting very near the Secessionist forces cow. Here and there, in the far distance, he could see lights twinkliDg out, but a profound silence reigned around. Hi must proceed now with extreme caution it he would not tumble into the arms of the sentries. Once or twice he narrowly escaped tUi unlucky fate, and had to lie down mute and still as a mummy in the long grass until he could hear the measured steps receding. Making a sharp turn to the tight, he came down, as he anticipated, iu the rear of the camp, stealing through the lines almost like a ghost. Now, if ever he carried his life in his hands ; one false step, nay even a breath taken noisily, might betray him. Insensibly, despite his courage, his heart began to beat faster. He was tired, too; weary with crawling through the grass and the stones, which had cut his hands in several places. Suddenly he caught his breath sharply, and crouched low down into the ground. He seemed only a part of the shadows now. Steps were nearing him— steps and voices. In the clear night air he could hear fragments of the conversation distinctly. They loomed up to htm at last, two tall military figures wrapped in great coata. From their air of command, their careless freedom, Deane judged them— and rightly so— to be officers. Close beside his hiding-place was a low bunker of turf and sand. After a momentary hesitation one of the men stopped, and lifted up hie foot on to it. So near was he to Jasper Deane that the ycung man could have touched him almost without putting out his hand. He scarcely dared to breathe. Discovery meant short shrift ; but, ob, what a chanca was this ! In his most sanguine moments he had never hoped for anything half so lucky. They 6pjke coolly, unguardedly, ignorant that every word was being drunk iu by those unseen ears behind the bunker. As Colonel Wensley hud suspected, an attack was to be made upon the opposiug forces at daybreak. Crouched there, Deane heard it all ; the plan of attack, the route, the expected result, for it was evidently well known that the Government forces were but small now that they were separated from the main body. it was only a brief conversation, but quite enough for Jasper Deane. He grudged now every second that the men stood there talking. At last one of them— he who had lifted his foot up to the banker to tie a refractory shoe Iacc — stood up again. ?'Come, let's turn in for an hour,' he said. 'I'm pretty well dead beat.' So was someone else ; but he still had his work to do. They moved on, and Deane breathed more freely. If all went well he would be bick in camp iu an hour and a half. There would be ample time for retreat. He had formed a rough estimate of the force in camp there. His own regiment was outnum bered ten to one, or more. Leaving the friendly cover, Deane slipped away into the darkness. So far Fortune had been kind to him ; hot it sometimes happens that even in her qaiverfnl of lucky arrows she carries a poisoned barb ! She had kept this until the last for Jaspar Deane. Creeping warily, inch by inch through the enemy's lines, he had reached the furthest outpost. Once past this it would be plain sailing ; a question only of how quickly he could reach his own camo and give this valuable informa tion. ? _ He wai now on the intnmit of a little ridge. ' Below htm atreteheA the country, broken by rough ibrubi and boulders. Be fancied him self frte from the sentries, he had not seen a gleam of one during the hat few minutes, They would scarcely place a man so far as thia. By cutting down this tidge ha would aave halt ft mile—he knew it well. He turned to go, had scrambled a few steps, then catch ing hiB foot in the tangled grass rolled heavily down, bringing with him a shower of stones. The rattle of these sounded in Deaoe's excited ears like the roar of artillery. He felt a quick sharp pain in his ankle, tried to move, and then a sense of sickening despair swept over him. The game was up. It seemed almost as if the man confronting him bad risen from the ground, so noiseless had been his approach. Foiled at the last ! He could see the wicked gleam of the rifle barrel scarcely a dozjn inches froin his fsioe. Literally and figura tively he had fallen into the arms of a seutry, and all his jjreams of promotion, escape, life, faded in the awful realisation of what had be fallen him. He looked up despairingly, tiied tJ*Speak, and then suddenly the musket was lowered. The sentry stepped back a pace. ' My God ! Jaspar, it is you !' said a stupefied, but fumiliar voice. '? What brings you here?' Deano remained silent. There was a second's pause. Gervase Rutherford's duty stared him in the face in all its ugly signifi cance, tfe must give up thti man to l»is Colonel ; give him up to- be shot as a spy at daybreak : this man who was as a brother to him, whose sister was to be his wife. How could he go to her stained with her brother's blood ? fcurely, never before was man placed to another in a more tenible position than this, tye stood with the barrel of his musket resting on the ground, his face a prey to con flicting emotions. 'Are you going to give me up, Gervase?' said Deane, hoar&ely.; For the sake of all that has been between up, for Dora's sake, femember old times. Is there no middle course- ? ' The low pleading voice cut iuto Ruther ford's heart like a knife. This man hud been his friend from childhood ; they had played together as boys, studied at the same college, been chums— closest and best of chums always, until the breaking out of the war, when each had chosen his own side, and kept it. 'It fs against my duty,' he said hoarsely. 11 Yo« are hero as a spy.' 'I admit it.' There was a long silence. *' Look here,' broke out Rutherford, ' 1 can't g|ve you up. Clear out.' DeaQe made an attempt to rise, and sank back again with a groan of agony. '1 pave injured my right leg. Cannot move,' he said. ' ' Yqu muBt.' Deane dragged himself a few steps. Great beadB of perspiration stood out upon hia brow. ' It [s death for you to be found here,' urged Rutherford. ?-? Without assistance I can't get back. The game's up. Never mind. C'est la fortune dc la querre, my friend. I may as well chuck it first as last.' Rutherford went up to him. ' Set here,' he said, feverishly. ' In half an-hour'e time sentry will be relieved. Until then I shall not be missed. I'll help you part way — until you're out of dancer. After that you must do the best you can for your self. ' Not a word. My mind ia made up. We haven't a moment to lose. It is for Dora's sake — poor little Dora. God help us both She always loved her brother more than her lover.' Rutherford spoke more to himself than to hiB compinion. He knew well the hideous risk he was running. If by any chance his desertion from his post was discovered there would bs but the one ending, and that ? ' Com*,' he repeated, taking Deane by the arm, and cutting short his remonstrances. «? We wa»te time/' ! In sileooe they went on, Jaspar dragging himself slowly over the long grass, holding to Kutherford'B arm, add feeling as if every step must be h(a last. He recovered himself after a time ; the first sick, dizzy sensation had passed away. He was in agony still, but it was only a question of endurance now. Even at tbiB slow pace he would reach his own camp before dawn, and would be able to give urArninc. if nothing more. ' I will mppage alone now,' he said, setting hit teeth hard. ' Don't come another step. If you should have been missed ? ' He could not finish the sentence. Each knew what the pause inferred. One close steady grip of the hand, and then Rutherford was speeding back through the darkness to hte deserted post. Had he miscalculated the time ? Was it possible he had jRone further with Deane than be intended ? What were those three figures standing there errect and silent ? A little sob of despair burst from his lips. All was dis covered. No words of explanation could avail. The one damning fact stood out naked, shorn of all palliation. While on sentry duty he had deserted his post, and for this he must die. ' Halt !' the oommand came in a quick stern voice. ' You are nnder arrest.' Rutherford gave up his tr.Uiker. ' Bight about face 1 March 1' Like a man in a drjeam be went obediently. Another day dawned. Just as the fiist soft lines of gray Bi'.vered the eastern horizon, and the world awakened to life again, away at one end of the oamp the sharp, clear /at tie of musketry rang out. A little cloud of smoke rested a moment like the mist of a funeral pyre over the tragedy played out, and then, caught by the chill morning breizi, vanished Bwiftly. f , x Bat with that little cloud of smoke had coma th« menage of .promotion to Sentry No. 10\. Promotion to the ranks of those whom the world knows no more, and whose work is finished, [me end] 