'' " A GHdSTLY VISITANT. '.ST.- ANDREWS GAZETTE (BUENOS AYRES.) I was a modienl student in London, at tending the lectures at dear old Bart's, and looking forward to being the possessor of a snug little practice, which, for family rea- sons, I could almost already call my own. It wanted but a feiv days to Christmas, 1874, nnd I intended to pass that season with an aunt in Huntingdonshire. On the 22nd I packed my hag, and in due time arrived at Oakshott, as my relative called her house — regarding which Miss Iletsy Trotwood might have inquired, "Why Oakshott?" — it being named on the lucue a non luccndo principle, as there was not an oak within a miie of it. The old lady met me in the entrance hall, and gave me an ef fusive greeting; eo gushing was it that, al though we were the best of friends, and I could alwnys consider her home mine, could not help fancying there must be some unusual cause for the delight she evinced. After supper the truth came out. "Phil, dear," she said, "I'm more than glad to see you this time. You know you are ulwavs welcome; but what yon don't know is that either my intellect is failing or that there is a— a ghost in the house! Y'es; don't stop me, or I shall break down; 1 know 1 shall. It is very, very stupid; but I can't help it. And Oh! Phil; Phil, mv dear, dear boy " and she burst into a flood of tears. I made some commonplace remarks to pacify her, wondering all the while what the deuce it could be, nnd whether it was rcallv a ease of "a bee in a bonuel." By aud by" her hy sterical fit subsided, and my aimt'was able to give me a rational account of her trouble.. It seemed that for some nights past, after she had gone to sleep, she liad been awak ened by something tugging at the bed clothes. On one occasion the eider down quilt, anil the covering next to it, had been actually pulled off, and had fallen on the floor. Naturally Miss Kaeiuiel— that was her name— was very much frightened, but, nevertheless, each time she got up, lit her candle, and made a thorough' search of the room, discovering nothing, however, to ex- ilaiii the mystery. lier door was fast ockcd and bolted on the inside, the shut ters were securely closed, and there was not a crevice in the apartment that she had not carefully explored to see if a living bird or animal had been concealed there, but all in vain. I should say that mv aunt, though weal thy, had ouly a small establishment," con sisting of two elderly female servants, and these I well knew could he entirely depen ded upon. They slept on tlio first floor, at the back of the house, overlooking the gar den, and the servants' quarters were on the story above. The front of the house, com pletely furnished, should need arise, was al most always unoccupied, and, owing to the peculiar construction of the building, the only other room at the back on the same level as my aunt's was the plate closet, where some hundreds of ounces of silver, most of it antique, and of great value, were stored. I had often endeavored to persuade her to deposit this at her banker's, hut she always objected to do so, alleging that it was one of her chief pleasures to look after the various articles herself, and to sec that not a speck was allowed to tarnish their ele gance. After Miss Bacliael had told mo her story, I fancied I could see clearly that no supernatural agency had been at work, and yet I was puzzled to account for the fact that her chamber had certainly not been entered, and that no living being iiad been "lying low" in it. The elucidation of the difficulty was, I felt convinced, to be found in connection with the plate closet, and I begged my aunt to allow me to pass the night in that retreat. After some hesita tion she consented, and when bedtime came, I made raj'Belf as comfortable there as I could with the assistance of a sofa, chair, plenty of eggs, and a modicum of — well, not water alone. My only stipulation was that my aunt's door should be left un fastened. I must have dozed, off and on, for a coupio of hours, when I was aroused by a piercing scream; and "Phil! Phil!" in an agonising tone, sounded in my ears. I rushed out of the plate room, crossed the narrow passage which separated it from the bedclianiber, and in a moment was in the latter. As 1 entered something became entangled in my legs, and I nearly fell. But in that second, I heard a slight scuffle outside the window, and dashing open the shutters I caught- sight of a man making tracks for the end of the garden. I had my revolver in my hand, and fired, bring ing down the quarry. The shot attracted the attention of the village policeman, who happened to be close at hand, and between us the wounded man, who proved to he a ne'er-do-well of the locality, was safely housed. I then had time to devote attention to Miss Bachel, who, it may easily be be lieved, was _ not a little alarmeil.But her satisfaction in finding that she had neither been the victim of a mental malady, nor of a ghostly visitant, tended greatly to quiet lier nerves, and she was completely reassured when we discovered how the trick had been worked. _ That which had caused me to stumble just inside my aunt's door turned out to he a fine, hut very rigid, steel wire, one end having been split in three, and each point bent down and sharpened, so that an exact resemblance of a bird's claw was pro duced. The window and shutter being not only old fashioned hut old, had left suffi cient space at the corner next to the hinge to allow this instrument to be inserted find pushed forward until the forked end rested on the bed clothes. A little manipulation enabled the man outside, who stood on a short ladder, to pull off the coverlet by means of the claw, nnd then quickly to disengage _ and withdraw the wire. Of course, directly he heard the sound of matches being struck inside, preparatory to the lighting of the candle, he vanished, only to return and repeat the operation on the following night. This was the substance of the confession made by our prisoner, who alleged that it was his design by these means so to work upon my aunt's fears that— as I verily be lieve she would have done, had not I fortu nately succeeeded in unravelling the mys tery — she would have changed lier sleeping apartment to the front of the house, when he would have had the opportunity he de sired, of gaining free access to the hack — in cluding the plate closet. On the following morning when I went to breakfast an envelope with a £10 note was in my plate. 