NOVEL. The Wonder-Witch ' By m, e-, McClelland, CHAPTER VII.— (Continued..) ? Did you do uuythiug to help him?' she questioned. A sudden forlornnesa settled liko a oloud on- the elder woman's lace. Sho i-.eemct aloof and isolated. ? X'har waa a box in ther houso, and J fulled it with pine-uigi, and spread Eii'p we'sait over 'oru, fur » cradle,' she paid, humbly. 4 Pine-tags is healthy to sleep ou. 1 'lows to oook up a p-Ktel of vittles whemit I giia home and oend my olo man down wiih 'em. 1 aint no nu»s uiy.-elf, beiuir nervy and feard to handle doctor's truck. I li gil word about, too, s-j ther citild km ba keered for.' ? J Ruth held back words nearly spoken, nnd Bubstiuutad others. In the background of the old woman's life was t- irugutl} , iu tvnicn a 'mistake m the ^iviug of medicine had resulted fatally to one she lovod.' This con fession of iuoapactty \v:- im indirect aUu-uon to it, and the iirit that Rath had ever heard her make. A swift co.» uubBtoa fiiled her, arid she hastened to assume tbu respunoibilitj too nreat for these other handa. ' You did wi'elj to meution this mp.tter to me,' she said, gently. ' We are much nearer to hollow than the other neighbors, and the hpuBO is on our land. 1' It go over iujbhH and Bee about the child. Mammy oan tell me what to do. She ituows ull about babies. I wish she oould go with but sne's bud ridden with rheumatism. C m you get word to the doctor, do jou think ? I must take Tony with me to carry oome b dding and other things whioh mu-t be i.eedtjd.' -To be sure shi- nuuld, llr.i Wheat declarad. Indeed, a vUii. to lLiu i-nz -Aveils was pa.rt uf her day's prbgramuid. Mrs Ti.zeweil wished to have a rug o»rpet maae ior tier ujipcr hull, ahd had giveu Hie ji b to Mrs Wheat, who was tho best carpi t- weaver in the county. A consultation abouL rat/ti andu-.fl unifFa necessary : so the old womtii oould kill twi birds with ono stone. ? 'I'll stan tno- word round 'boul'n Kit likewise,' she affirmed, as fcho donned lie' yellow bonnet aud ro.-^o to depart. 'You'll git help afore sundown. Mandy Turner's primu nuss, aud I'll otep by to see her, Maybe she'll onaio for the myht — hot', or Sarah Carter, I'lll naino it to both Good-day, Miss Ruth, i 'o -led Kit could oount on Kitting help from hero fast, being aa thav-all played 'long of your all, and fii long of yuu-all too ' Whtn hor foot was fairly m tho path, tho old wom-in delated hor g lug to give Ruth another item oi news, overlooked iu stress o! greater matter : ' ? 'Twaa named at the sto' yestiddy that thar war company at rtzowell s ; not ther New ITors gal, nother. aho've been thar Some time, and liable to stay, t-c:nt- satisfied 'long ol we-all s v.ttles. T ii hero's a man. Come yestidd}' by tiain. Jim Bryant *eed him, and 'lowed he war straight and iusty. L ain t hearu v/nether ho letobtd a etust or oome in a bundle. Jim studied oui 'twaB ttier New York gal's beau.' r V . CHAPTKR VIII. ? Tine to hor promise, Ruth set out a'oou' her preparations at speed. While the neglo buy Tony tac.dlea tho horet-s sho interviewed m»uiuiy as to things required for a flick infant, and got them together At the old woniau'o suggestion, too, sho , investigated an olu client uf drawers iu her mother's room, and seleoted from tho hoard of half-worn but sentimentally prehorvod' baby-linen suoh articles as might bo needlul. Alter itB long, man- tended journey, tho little one's sanitary eonoition was liisely to be deplorable Sue pauked up also a buttle of milk, white sugar, and a few heavier ' provisions for Kit s suctenanoe, addiug at the last a few odd bus ot crockery. ? ' That poor creatute has eome back to bate , walls and nauglit else,' she waned, while making hor collection, ' Any odds and endo the Oenirys may have lelt vagrant negroes have snapped up long ago, of ouurse. I'll take a frying-pan and a c.lfee pot, too, as well aa a oouple of comforts, for the rest of the neoctsnriefl Kit muet levy on other neighbors until he oau make defiuitu arrangements.' The rido through the woods was enjoy able, for the lumoapheio was braeing Irom the light front of the previous ni^ht, aud redolent with rich autumn odora. Wild grape-vines netted the roadaide, heavy wiih aqiQ blaok dusters; the pursimmun- trees showed a thick studding of tuwny fruit upon every bare twig, and in i-beltered nooks and low plaoea eupiiorbia blossomed, lilao aud white and scarlet love-viuo tangled glor iously, utsd belated ' blauk ejtd Susans' made ? suncei patulies ot color, Besido tho pathway meandered u busts uiouutain brook. Bi one- set, and iru ged on ita witu wild gentian and lerns, Willi, a loltior top-growth i)f aogwoou, suoaitli'iis, and water-poplar shoolti, amidst thiekots of Bpioewood and , mnrsh willows. Overhead gray squirrels i lcnped nimbly ntnong tho branohos, and I c! ultly popped nutH into hnot-holca and 1 eriMinies, unrncriiig tho wood harvest with ! !hrift. AlouV' tlio pathwny ahond a rabbit . loped slowly,' and Ruth put hor horso into a nm for !ho pli asuro of seeing tlio oreaturo n erd bin p ice lo lonir leaps, and then dart fidaw iVH into tno bushos, whoro his brown fur tmido iiim inOistingui-il-iablo from tha fallen leave* ns ho fquuU'ed in form, with his cotton- 'nil hidden. Wtu ii Rttih entered tho clearing in whioh the c fit-in BtOod, tho sun had pnaaod tho meridian and tho iight-rnys wore Blanted to an angle which brought out tho aoft grays and browns of the old logs, tha red o£ tha clay cliiukmg, and tho mollow duskiness of tho shingles, with definite sharpness. A light lino of emoko roso from tho ohitnney and lay iu aerial spirals against a back ground of forest. Ruth dismounted nt the rough poroh, bidding Tony hitoh tho horses and bring in tho basket and hsdding. Despito Mrs Wheat's preparations, the interior of the oabin chilled hor by its pacvasivo atmosphero of desolation. Tho door of tho shed-room, at the baok, hung forlornly opon, giving a cn' tinu.t ion of tho dirt and barrenness which sectn-d to intensify it. Through the door- way and iho unsatisfactory emtll paunti wind ) 7 Iho iiirht entered hardly, and in crops ourrents. Tho undightliuess of the place win Hioreariod bv a papering of noWB p tper illustrations all over one side, largely fhvedded, and banging with the grimy, pasted tide outmost. Thesa unsavory decorations tho breeze toyed with, shaking them about, and producing with thom a olever imitation of the scuffling and scratch ing of rats. Tho only poiut of redemption in the tceno were tho hearth, whioh had beon sw^pt clean with a piuo bough, and tho fireplace, wherein waa a low blaze, surmountintr bright embers. On one hi-if) of ihe heurth was a rough benob, formerly nted as a support for the 'beo «um -,' and b?sidti it tho box oonverted by Mrs Wheui into a bed for the child. As tho door darkened with the entering guest, lCir. Gentry roso and faced it. He wa-:- n short, thick sot man, and stood awkwarcly by roatinn of the wooden pin which supplied tho place of his left log, gone from the knee down. His faoe was oare woru aud rugged, with an obstinate mouth, and a look ot hopelessness in his eyes whioh required but littlo to turn it into desperation. ' With luck against him' Boomed written all over the man. Ko had a ohild's nursing bortlo in Iu'h hai.d, nnd tho brim of his shabby wool bat was fiattonod against the cr.'Wn, so a* to la jvo sight uuimpoded. Ruth eo ao 'orward at onoe, with extended hai.d aud pleasant words of greeting. 'Mr» iVheat tola mo about your getting hiuiii. last ni{?ht and finding no one,' she ? xulmned, * aud also th.v,' the baby was sick. I o over to stiu if I oould help you.1 Tnero \\\ 1 i .: in her tone and manner no hint of patronage, only straightforward kindness as irom one human being to another. The hard linca about the mau's mouth relaxed a lituy, and the gloom in his eyes lifted. ' I'm obleegc-d to you,' ho replied, simply ; 1 and ther ohtlo needs women-folks' hearing badly. Ko air fevered some, and hev been fur a week. Ho's done quit relishing his 'itties. ' 1? war a hard lick finding all my flitted I ? ' Ho paused abruptly, and ghZ -d straight away, over her head. : ? It wa.s all hard, every bit of it,' assented Ruth, gently. h Mrs ? Wheat told me, and i'ui sot-rier than I can tell you. We played together, vou know ' j It was a womanly touoh, and made juat | differenee between pity aud sympathy. The rougn follow had fineness enough to appre- j ciato it. H.t« lips twitohed and his eyea muiatened. He made no response in words, but he let her tako the ohild's bottle from hi, hand -tnd assume undisputed authority. 1 Perhap -i tho milk is sour,' she suggested. ' i'liic may bo the reason ha won't taka it. Have you tasted it ?' ' N.itf'm,' tho father admitted. ' I p'liitly do despise aweot milk mysolf, so I never tiiuughc about sampling his'n.' Ruth smiled superior and emptied the content* of the bottle behind the fire. It wad of the gravest importanoe, she assured huu, that, infants' food should be pure and fro?h. Then sho despatched him to the spring for water aud turned to the ohild. It was curled, like a kitten, on its father's vey t m the box of ar.imitio pine-tags, and Cov-.red with a oheokod shawl whioh Ruth recognized an belonging to Mrs Wheat. It was miserably puny, with purple veins showing under its pallid skin, and great, d.u li shadows under its eyes. Its little framo reemc-t to Ruth nothing but a skeleton ; its hands wero like birds' olawa, and its clothing was stiff, uncomfortable, and malodorous. .Sat, :ur the need of mora praotioal compass ion, Ruth cmld have wept over it. Even to her unpractised oyes the streia of tho little one appeared extreme, and she -ummooisd 1'ony aud despatched him at onoe in Dc Tdzsvvell, bidding him follow ahould i ha duotor be froiu home. It would not do now to trust to Mrs Wheat, she deoided. Tiio old woman was on foot, and, besides, woulu probably loiter and gossip by tha , wayside Ruth found a battered tin baain and an e:i.,pti tomato can, both water tight, in the shed room, and, out of sheer womanly revolt at ihe little one's appaaranoa, did the be.-,t thin;.; possible for him — that is, adtiiiniHteied a hot bath and a ohange of raiment. ?Don't you think he looks better?' she luquited of Kit, who had withdrawn to the wood pilo during the ablutions. ' I dunno,' the man answered, with bueolio bluutness. ' He's a sight oleaner, and butter by that much. To me, he don't savor nothing 'eept a fresh- hatohed catbird. Ho don't hardly ape human.' Which was so absolute a verity that it mayo ti ti 1 1 1 wince. I'lio ohilil refused his food fretfully, a' a ill ii g iu a piteous undertone. After a while he dropped into a doze, which gradually deepened to stupor; his pulse became small, ' quick, and irregular ; he cougued a little, feebly and spasmodically, and his t-kiu seemed almost to sear Rath'B eoo! hand when the touched it. Ti.no passed, and her anxiety deepened, dhe glanced uoroaa at tho ohild's father, who. avoided her eyo and slouched forward with nirt elbows on his knees and his face set hard. Ho understood that whioh waa passing i.rough ber mind by ita reflex on hiB own. Pain quickens even ordinary intelligence to aeutoi-ess. About three o'olook oame the weloomo clatter of hoofs, aud Gentry roso awkwardly au i hiin ibd out to meet tho dootor. Ruth faced tho door expectantly, her head iiit, d. . Tho eun had rounded the oorner of tho house, t nd its beams slanted through the soiled windo w-panes, touohing tho woman's hair, and slipping downward to rest on the oiow-ot the baoo on her knee. Through tho door- way entered a stranger — a tall, square shouldered man, with hszsl i yes under long lashes, and a heavy brown beard ? CHAPTER IX. Ruth's look proclaimed her disappoint ment. Medical aid was so sorely wanted A quiver passed over hor faoe. The stranger o»ni« ioi ward aud reassured ber. '.Or Tazewell was from home when the mehsongur arrived,' he explained. ' The easo seemed urgent, so I took tho liberty of ooming iu h a stead. Mcb Tazawell advised it. She d beon talking with an old woman who was excited about this ohild. You oan rust me. 1 am a dootor.' Iu her relief, Ruth smiled up at him cordially. ? it was good of you to come,' ahe said. ? Tuis baby teems very ill.' ' Sao made room on tho bench beside her, and tho physioian eat down and bont over tho uhiid ou lite lap, 1 iljrf long has' ho beon onmatoss ?' in quired, uf ;or a rapid examination, ' Two hours oertainly,' she 'responded. 1 Soon aJter I got here—about half- pnat twolvo — he began frotting, a fepblo, miser able wail. Ho waa dirty and uucomfortablo, bo I took off his olothing and gamo him a hob bath. Was that wrong ?' ? No ; tho host thing possiblo, if you'd only gone furthor and givon him some whiskey and milk. Havo yon a oup and spoon oonvonient, and a littlo milk ?' Ruth indicatod the basket ou the other aide of tho hearth. Tho dootor helped hi:u eolf deftly, mixod a mild-toddy with a portion of tho oontonts of hia own pookot flask, and administered a spoonful or two to the patient. Thon ho arranged tho box moro oomfortably, with one of Ruth's quilts, and took, the ohild from her. ' Loavo him there for a while,' ho direoted. i It is hotter for him than boing held. Now, what did you do with that olothing ?' Ruth pointed out a dingy little heap behind the benoh on whioh she was seated, and watohed this masterful atranger a trifle ouriously while he fished tho things ont with a bit of kindling-wood and tossed them into tho fire. Ho seemed to her even mora direot and forceful than is usual with hia oraft. ' Ie tho diseaso contagions r' she inquired. ' Not nt all,' he answered. ' It is gastrio fever. But there is no telling what infection tho ohild has been expfisod to. Mrs Taza well gave me to understand that tho mother is dead and that the fathor carried the fcaby from Georgia in his arms. Ia that ao V Ruth . bowed assent, and thon gave him tho Btory, briefly, in outline. The prinoipa aotor in it was busy with the doctor's horse, whioh had been ridden at speed, but ho might enter at any moment. Tho pathos of it struck her anew. ? These people have been oonnectod with ua for years, and havo lived on our land,' she volunteered, in explanation of hor own own intrusion into the affair. 4 This man's father was my father's overseer, and we ohildrau played together. It grieved me dreadfully to hear of the trouble. Ho had no money, and it was tha only way opon to keep hia promise to his dead wifo. Did yon notice that he ia orippled ? Then think of his getting here last night to find an empty house and a oold hearthstone. Was it not hard?' Her eyes filled aa she spoke : she had, for the instant, lost sight of the faot that he was a stranger, and lifted her glance to him as frankly and unoonsoiously aa a ohild might have dono. The dootor returned her gaze for half a seoopd, and then looked away. A tender-natured woman, ho deoided, and one whose heart was prone to pull the wool over tho eyas of har roason. And, man like, he admired her for it, feeling moro drawn to her than to any woman ho had met for yoars. It is never tho woman with no nonsense about her who gets tho firmest hold upon mon. ' The experienoe waB pretty rough,' h9 admitted. 'But the follow would havo ? dhown more tenderness by less precipitation. The ohild was too young.' Ruth was instantly on tho defensive. 4 He oould not know,' Bhe declared. ' An ignorant mau, with no experience with babies. _ His thought was of his promise and of his wife's wish. According to hiB liaht, he did hi- bent.' ' Illogical and partisan,' thought the dootor ; 1 a thorough woman. I would not be surprised if she haa baokwooda prejudices in favor of domeatio duties, the supremacy of man, and a hereafter of rowarda and punishments. About half a dozen years of individualiam and dominanoe of the ego, this sort of thing is refreshing.' I Aloud ho made no comment, for Kit \ Gentry stumped in with an armful of wood , for the fire, and was promptly pounced on i by the medioal man and put through a oroas- examination as'to the ohild's previoua conditions and Bymptouis. In the oourse of the talk it transpired that Kit, in his home ward progress, had passed through two infeotad regions : one, a town in central a^nt-rrio rohni-n vpllrmr fa™* l.cl I,™ ? valent, and another, in North Carolina, where there had been several buriala from small- pox. If the fellow hat1 set out on a germ-quest, it did not seem, to one of his hearers, aB though fuller or more varied opportunities would have been necessary. And the fast that, acooiding to his own aooount, Kit had ' oome a-iumping through, like a snake hunted hop-frog,' tho moment ho beoame aware of the pro=onoe of disease in a looality, did not, in the modioal mind, render the situation innoououB. To the dootor, for the nonce, the tragipathetio mountaineer was degraded into a peram bulating germ-distributor; He ohewed the end of his mouataohe as he listened, and before Kit, ia recital, had hopped safely away from the seoond infection, he was busy emptying his pookets of ihe bottles of bismuth, calomel, and other possibly needed drugs, with whioh Mrs Tazewell had loaded .him, iu eearoh of the prayer and disinfectants with whioh he had provided himself. Ruth watched him with interest. Her chief knowladge of antiseplios waa derived from Dr Tazewell's diatribes against that which he was pleased to designate as the ' idiotic superfluity4 of Professor Listor's theory. When he had diluted his oarbolio aoid to his mind, the dootor advanced upon Rufh' with the precision and foroe of a conquering army. ' Bo so good as to stand in tho light, young lady,4 he ordered, 4 while I disinfect you;4 whioh ho proceeded to do, system atically, and from tho throat down. ' It is the ounoe of prevenlijn,4 quoth he, ' and you held the baby in your lap, of course, while you changed him, and very possibly handled his olothing afterwards.' He oirolod around her at short range, and Ruth lifttd her eyes to him with a laugh in them. His head waB a trifle onward, and his eyes intent on his work, for he was direoting the fall of the atomized drug on her bosom aud shoulders. Something in his position, the sweop' of his lashes, the beauty of his forehead, or the mutinous fall of a slightly grayed look of hair aoross it, touched, m a shawdy way, a woll-nigh intangible assooiation. It was as though the ghost of a forgotten harmony of the faintest suggestion of a once-liked perfume had been reflexed from tho infiuite upon the woman's spiritual senses. The passing waa instantaneous, a wind blown shiver of mist, but it modified tho expression of the eyes uplifted to the physioian4s grave faoe, and also invested that face with an intereat other than the situation called for — an interest utterly removed from that esoterio afflatus whioh humanity, ' for want of a finer definition, balls sexual attraction. Unconsoious of that whioh hod happened, the doctor's gaze followed tho 'movements of his hands, whioh manipulated tho bottle and bulb with aooustomed touches. Vt hon the job had been oompleted to hiB satis faction, his oonntenanoe beoauio illumined with shameless self -approbation. (To be oontinued.) 