CHAPTER VII. The next morning tho papers only contained tho bare details of the crime, and tho announcement that Frank Man nerfe. barrister-at-law, of the Inner Temple, had boen arrested. But by the time tho evening editions appeared, sensational fnots added in torost to tho oase, without in any way throwing light on tho motive of tho crime, In tho first place- no weapon could bo found, or any twwo of a strugglo j and, indeed, ovevything pointed to tho fact .that the unfortunate man had boon ap praaohed from behind, and tho deed done beforo ho was awaro of the mur derer's intention. Further, a piece of cloth, evidently torn from a man's coat, was found in tho dead man's grasp, and hero again tho doctor expressed the b'c liof that after ho had received his death* blow he had turned upon his murderer, aiul, in liia last frantic effort, hud clutched ? hold of his coat with Bueh! frenzied strength that a pieoe of it had remained in his grasp. But the most curious tliijig of all was a piece of paper lying on his desk,, on which was tracod . in trembling character: 'Avenge my death1!, M^mwdcrioii fajg&3WBtyF-lfr. Then followed some utterly illegible letters, All this transpired before the magis trate, and, of course, turned the tide of publio opinion entirely in Frank's favor. Ho added his explanation of the strange words from the clock, telling the story of Mr. Lindon and his mysterious mas tor, the real head of the business, whose identity was so carefully veiled. 'It v ia curious,' the magistrate re marked j and, added to the fact that tho piece of cloth did not correspond to tho clothes Frank was wearing, or to any in his possession, and that there were not tho faintest sign, of a. strugglo about him, it threw a veil of deepest mystery over the matter. However, Frank hnd so clearly been the last person in the dead man's com pany, that tho magistrate did not feel justified in discharging him ; so he re manded him pending further investiga tions. Theao revealed come further extra ordinary facts — amongst others, that he firm had no bank, and that not a vestige of evidenco was to be found aa to where the money wont to. Hundreds of men, some of the highest standing, who had had deal ings with the firm, was communicated with, and every one of them gave the same information that the dead man was tho only one they had ever seen or dealt with. Tho books proved to be carefully kept, and a number of letters was found, addressed outside to Messrs. Solomonason in a curious feignedlook ing hand, and insido beginning: Dear Lindon (thus corroborating Frank's story), ami signed by two initials — 'M.G.' They were written in an un mistakablo tone of authority, concern ing matters connected with tho busi ness, but gave no 'clue to tho writer's identity. The boy was questioned, tho trades men who supplied the office fittings and stationery, the housekeeper ; but all with tho same result— that they had see no one but tho dead man, and wore under tho impression that he was the head of the firpi, Against Frank the only evidence was that ho owed the firm .£600, and that he was unmistakably the- last norson in tho dead man's company — grave eno'Ugh ac cuyations, but shrinking almost into in Bignifioanoo before tho extraordinary mystery revealed. It could no longer bo doubted that Borne mysterious person pulled tho strings — that tho dead man was a mere puppet in his hands ; but who could it bo? A fortnight later tho police woro no nearer a solution of the mystery. It Boomed as if tho case woro to end in utter deadlock, and then what would be como of Frank? Meanwhile one of the ablest counsel of tho day had beon retained for him, who was always at work, like a tiger on the watch, preparing tho defence. ? Tho case was the talk of England ; every morning thousands of people fol lowed tho latest trifling developments breathlessly, and, in every cose nearly, sympathy went with tho accused man, No relations of Mr. Lindon's came for ward i he seemed to have been utterly alono in the world. No one carried on tho business, the mysterious owner of it did not come forward j only the boy, with a kind of morbid curiosity, went thoro day after day and sat at his accus tomod post, while peoplo thronged to inspect tho scone of the mystery. The letters written to the dead man wero placed in the hands of an export, who could say nothing but that the bulk of tho letters wero in a disguised hand, and the initials probably in the sender's ordinary writing. In tho Tennant household tho deepest gloom reigned. 'Oh, if we had never had anything to do with poor Frank I' Mrs. Tennant groaned, 'how much better it would have been! There's that fortune going a-begging, and Gloria fretting herself to death, not speaking, to anyone but you, Lily. It was a bad day for us when we oamo to the house. Not that I believe the. j-oor bo^ had anything ..to. do- with ;his; but it makes it so awkward for is— all my frionds are sympathising ivith me,' Sho»sighed in an aggrieved way. Lily kept all the papers from Gloria, and only read aloud to her such portions as bore on the circumstances not con nected with Frank, bo that the. poor girl should know nothing of tho almost uni versally expressed opinion that his in nocence could never bo proved. Mr. Giu'ard called several times during tho fortnight, but GW'ia always sent clown word that she was too ill to seo him. 'The next time ho comes I will see him, Lil,' she aaid to her sister one day. 'I cannot wait any longer. I must tell him that I take back my promise. I. cannot help connecting him with every thing that has happened.' 'It seems certainly that all our misfor tunes date from tho time we know him,' Lily answered thoughtfully. 'Still, we must bo fair to him, and I don't think you can say with truth that this last terrible thing has anything to do wiih him.' 'No, I suppose not,' Gloria sighed. It was a terrible time for her, for she had to bear her sorrow in secrot. When a woman is a man's wife, or his be trothed, and a sudden cloud descends on liia life, her lot is hard enough ; but a thousand times harder is that of a wo man who loves a man and knows that ho loves her, and yet ia bound by no tie to him. A wife can espouso her husband's cause before all the world, can glory in her belief and trust in him, and has the consolation of knowing that his sorrows as well as his joys are hers. A girl who is engaged to a man under like circum stances commands tho world's sym pathy. But a girl who loves a man who is in grievous trouble, and who is no thing to him in tho eyes of the world, who is even, another man's promised wife — what consolation has she? She must stifle her grief and laugh, though her heart is breaking. Such was poor Gloria's hard fate. If Frank, suffering under a cruel sus picion, could have known that she, in tho world, was two to him, that sho still spoke proudly of him, would ho not have been happier? Would not tho burden of tho weary days of waiting been lightened if they had both, known that at tho end they would bo reunited, and read in each other's eyes tho loyal lovo and faith that had kept up their hearts' courage? But that sweet comfort was not theirs. Frank believed her bound to another man, and sho had to smile and live her every-day life whilo her heart was torn nnd filled with pain far more cruel than ileath. Mercifully a slight touch of fever came to hor rescue and r1io- was able, to keep to her room for a few days, 'Miss Tennant will tsee you in the li brary, sir.' Maurice Giii'ard smiled m ho followed the servant upstairs. 'Shti's got over her sulks,' ho Baid to himself. 'Quite time, too; peoplo are beginning to ask questions.' Gloria looked like a ghost when aho came into tho room. Her dark brawn dross seemed to hang on hor slight figure, as if (she had grown thin even in tho fortnight that had elapsed since Mi1. Giffard had seen her. Hor eyes wero heavily ringed, and hor oheoks looked sunken. Sho steadied herself by loaning on a table, and took no notice of his out stretched hand. Sho held out something on her palm instead. 'I wish toigivo you bade tho ring you gttvo me, Mr. Giffard,' she said, 'and to retract my promise to marry you.' Ho seemed taken aback. 'So you're going to back out of your bargain?' ho began blustoringly. 'A fine figure I shall cut, shan't I? Tho jilted millionaire! But I might have expectqd it ; all women aro treacherous, like cats. I saved your fine friend for you, and you were willing enough to pay, the price, then y .hut now; that^ through no fault of mine, ho seems nearer the gallows than the marriage altar, you want to go back on your word.' 'Mr. Giffard,' Gloria said wearily, 'you know how 1 promised to marry you. It is not generous of you to re proach mo now. . If you had a spark ol' manly feeling you would respect my grief.' Ho was furious to think that the very misfortune of tho man he hated had lost her to him. I 'Ho shall suffer for this I '' he cried, menacingly, 'and bo shall you. You shall learn that Maurice Giffard is not to bo mado a fool of for nothing. All the wedding preparations begun, the lists of the guests made out, tho wed- j ding-presents beginning to arrive ! What j shall I say to tho world?' j 'You can say that when a helpless woman makes a promiw, to which kuo is driven by a coward, she has every right to break that promise when the coward no longer has any power over her,' Gloria said coldly. 'I don't think the world would bo very sympathetic then.' He flushed under her contemptuous words, 'Remember,' he said, in a last at tempt to intimidate her, 'if your pre cious lover gets off, I stall have the cheque, and I shall not fail to make use of it!' 'Do your worst!' she cried. 'It is better to face anything than, be ter rorised by you ! I know it now. I will go to Sir Frank Grey myself aud beg him on my knees totiliield Mr. Manners! I am sure ho will do it! You shall have your two hundred pounds — if, indeed, he ever owod it!' ' Mr. Giffard gave a hoars'e laugh and turned to tho window; his face had ? grown very pale. A minuto later, with a great show of carelessness, he took tho splendid dia mond ring from the table and placed it in his pocket-book. ''Good-bye,' he &aid.; 'And remem ber, you have made mo an enemy for life!' 'There aro some men one would rather have for enemies than friends,' Lily said, when her sister told her of tho upshot of tho interview. 'You have done right, dear — I am sure of it — and I firmly believe that some day you will bo happy.' 'Dear Lil, what should I do without you?' Gloria, said tenderly. 'You never want anything for yourself. If there could only bo somo happiness in the world for you!' 'Dear, am not unhappy, believe me. I have many beautiful memories to look back upon, and I have father and mo ther, and you, Glory dear.' (To bo continued.) The di&tanco; from the farthest point of Polar discovery to tho Polo itself is 460 inilos. 