WRITERS IN THE WEEKLIES Traveller (to an Irishman): “Well, Mike. I see you have a small guden." Mike: "Yes, sorr. "wh[?] are you going to get in it for next scason?" "Nothing, sorr. I [?] it year, % r«jaTJt them came up.” “Tint’s strange. s you explain fc “Well, terr, | he Ul(iSi J* door to me* sot his garden fall of “Well, had tint any citing to-do with'vf potato*** not growing V "Yes, cor/ uS them onions were that s i rou ,, potatoes couldn't see to grow for* ihVr watering." “Aoid so, Mr; Payooek has made a c nrv> - of Durfy V temior-tehtenbtll?? 1 read out the list of » K .ln><; bv-,.,.?- * (writes Woomera in the A t £* “Well* nnyhows, it was near time, ' tho‘ Gldell BeCrottry- a }>r: ; ‘ * BV ~ 11 he was a scamp of the first water. Ttl a few Jric*rb of the lads glv \ja ft die H Jf time ah Creawi'ek iwinly year i», it nf . 4 catehed AUck ployin' prinks ‘baVcharu man, find warmed h:s lug for hir. .?v did. Thru Aliek got into it for cllnrch ddoor wid a whcelbanu, \\(IL Jjwfy-.fcowlfc Ida mothers * OJ *; God rest her—that the boy wud come iP had ind, and now, divil take l.bi v, rZ *1 Secretary, ami « atrgiut of iS arid dinin’ wid the Guvnor, wit}, t p ladies av Toorack soilin' their caps at hini" On fcbo gate of a modest Buhtrrkn vilt, in Carlislc'Streot, St. Kilda (sevs W/T mcra) the wayfarer reads on a nmol! -fo£ pkie the legend MR, GEORGE TURNER, Solicitor, Etc. I Yet years hare passed since the owner k. came Rir George Turner, member of W Majesty’s Privy Council, Doctor of amt a score of other things besides. “Whv don't you pat your titles on vour door plate?" a constituent asked the* Premier ‘My dear sir,” answered the politick/ “some people can do that, but if x r Hlt ..j my titles on, my door plate I would w to got a plate ten Himes as large as the tms sciit one. “ Then I would have to keen » boy to clean it, and, what is worse, I wo „|,j have to live up to it, dml my wouldn’t admit of that No, (he m 2 of men who have gone into the BahkmpUy Oourt through trying to live up to a do* pkAe Is phenomenal.’' “What,” said the Premier in rnovitw motion for & South African contingent, "what, I rsk yon, gentlemen, woddiui colony do : if England’s position wer* sgj. ously jeopardised? Would it ho 250 a® wo would send? Certainly not. This coca try is prqhtred to tend its last man, sw and its late 'copper, to defend the ompift.' (Cheers.) < *Tho' last copper !” ciclaimei Const&ble; Murphy as he read the Prem«r» speech in tho paper. "The lost copper, id ho say ? WeU, divil a bit will mo go forty empires was in jeopardy. I’d sta Govcmbunt at hill fursht.” ‘ Tho demand for horses for the Victoria mounted unit has sent up the value of “nod* dies - ' about Melbourne, but values would, have to become astounding to justify a few owners, who liavo endeavored to induce the Government -to give SIS a head for animals that could have no discoverable use outside a glue factory. One old man Ud 5u a string of three of the most woebegone animals im aginable, sldany, shambling, venerable and afflicted with all the ordinary ailments to v/hidh horses are heir. "My dear fellow,” said the Government officer, ‘ you liave made a mistake. Wo are buying war horses here, not cats.meat. Take them to the Zoo, they might, do for the lions,” The owner wm hurt, not only in his private sensibilities, so to speak, but in Iris feelings as a patriot. “What,” ho cried indignantly, ‘You drink they’re good enough to send to the lions, and yet. not good enough to to the Boers? And you call yourself a Britisher?” Whereupon .the dealer turned away in disgust, and towed his relics homo again.—“Atticus/' Lieutenant Salmon, of the Mounted Rifles, who goes to South Africa, is a brother of Dr. C. 0- Salmon, M.L.A He has a twin brother wlio also volunteered, hut failed to get through, perhaps, because tho selector! thought that .two men unable to be distin guished from.‘one another might make com. plications; but there they were mistaken They would have worried tho Boers like ghosts. ' The first tune- Dr. Salmon ku the two brothers worked hard for him. . They were everywhere. When tho opposition man left Talbot the last man to say goodrbye was Dr. Salmon’s brother, and the first to meet him far away was seem ingly the same brother. -At first the candi date complimented him oil his riding, and the brother . smiled. Then ho engaged & faster pair of horses, and diove hard to the next place; but again that brother said good-bye at one township, and met him smil ingly at tho other. At last he collapsed, ‘Tm going out,” he said. “I came up to fight an election, but Tra not going to fight a family of ghosts!” and it wasn’t until he went out that he discovered that it was the Sal moil twins having :a game with him. ani not ghosts! . Earrackroom humor- Time, after the medical examination (writes “Woomcra” m the Australasian). Raw Recruit: ‘‘Thatga soon of a doctor made me hop on one inland thin ,on another. 'What is t his for 11,I 1 , I asked'. ‘What for T say ho, ‘why, to see if ye can run. That’s what for,’ says he. ‘Run, ’ says I, surprised like. ‘What docs a soldier do with rumrin’, anybows? If ye’re goin* to give us five bob a clay to run, ye'll giverus tin bob to -stand.’, Wid that he Inks in me-.mbuth, and he says, says he, Tut out your tongue. ‘Whnt fori’ says I, just like that; ‘To see. if it's clean/ says he. 'Well; it hasn't bin to the wash lately,' says I. ‘but Til have it done up.il ye like/1 says. Wid tha he ups and he counts me teeth. To yo take me,for a horse?' says I, I says. *1 don’t,’ says he, • ‘Gr a mule?’ says I. ‘Xo, but jm ass/ says ho ; and wid that he closed the conversation; Then he found a wart-on me arum, and he said, says ho, 'Had y« mother iver warts?’ 'No, no warts/ sad I, 'hub she' had twins wanst,. and Tm wan of thim.’ ‘Did yer father iver go under an operation?! he axed. 'No, but ho wiol under a deal plank wanst, and it fell on him/ says I; ‘after that 1m W-nt under the sod/ Wid- that he said, ‘Ye’ll do, Maginly. Yer Heart’s in the right place, if yer tongue's not/ And, man dear, here lam off to the Boer hunt like a Jew in the Passover, though Tor mosilf I’ve nivor known a Jew to pass over anythin’ he could pass under, or pass over anythin’ he cud keep to him silf.” • V 