THE NOVELIST, THE WEAPONS OF MYSTERY. BY JOSEPH HOCKINGr. Author of "Ail Men are Liars," "Tlie Story of Andrew Pah-fax," &c.; CHAPTER XIII.—A 3IES2IE1USTS SPELL. 1 found 011 entering the breakfast-room that iny presence caused no surprise, nej tlier did any of the guests regard me suspi ciously. It had gone abroad that I had gone out to iind Kafi'ar, but was unable to do so; and as Voltaire had publicly spoken of ICaffar's luggage being sent to Cairo, there was, to them, no mystery regarding him. Several spoke of his going airay as being a good riddance, and declared him to be unlit for respectable society; hut I did not answer them, and after a while the subject dropped. Voltaire, however, was not in the room; and when, after Inn ing breakfasted, 1 was wondering where he was-, 1 felt tile old ten^' rible sensation come over me. 1 tried to re sist the influence that was drawing me out of the room, but 1 could not. 1 put on my overcoat and hat, and, drawn on by an unseen power,. I went away towards the iir plantation in which the summer-house was built. As 1 knew T should, I fouiul'ToH.nire there. He smiled on me and lifted his hat politely. "I thought 1 would allow you to have a good breakfast before summoning you,'' lie said, "especially as this is the last conversation we shall have for some lime." 1 thought i detected a look of triumph in his eyes, yet J was sure lie regarded nn. with intense hatred. "ies," 1 said. "J am conic. Vi'hat is your will now''"' "This. 1 iim.1 thai Mr. Temple has told you about an inlerview wlti«k»oy_a.s licit! in I he library last night." "Yes: it is true." "Ho you know oi v,hut veil are in daneei "No—what "Hanging." "Wind for';" "For inn rdering Kafiar." "Did I kill liiinY i remember nothing. What was done was not because of me, hut because of the demon Unit caused rue blindly to act." '•.Values are cheap, my man, and I don't mind. Olaplray morality is nothing to me. Yes, you kilied Kalhu"—killed him with that knife you held in your land. 1 meant that yon should. Kall'ar "was getting troublesome to me, and .1 wanted to get him out of the way. To use you as 1 did was killing two birds with one stone. You know that Miss Forrest has promised to mairy uie if Kall'ar he not foi tlieoaiiiig by next Christ inas live. That , of emu so, can never he, so my beautiful bride is safe;"' and ho looked at me with a savage leer. "Have yon brought me here to tell me that?" "No; hut ;o tell you a little good news. ] have decided to hold you as the slave to my will instil the day His*' (iertrude Forrest becomes Mrs. Herod Voltaire, and then to set you free. Meanwhile 1 want to give you a few instructions."' "What are iliey'r" '"You are not io take one step in trying to prove that Kalfur is alive." "Ah," J cried: "you fear 1 might produce him. Then J have not killed liiia, even through yon. Thank Clod! thank bod!" ■ "fitop your pious exclamations." lie said. "No, you are wrong. Von did kill Katfar, and he lies at the bottom of yonder ghostly poo'; so that is not tile reason. Why I do no; wish you in search for him is that thereby you might find out things, about we that 1 do not wish you to do. In sucli a life as mine there are naturally things that 1 do not wish known, Jn going to my old haunts, trying to unearth Kall'ar, you would learn something about the-ai. And so ] cum annul you," be continued, in a hoarse tone thai made me shudder, "that you do not move one step in lh:i; direction, li' you do -wel],;_:y.oii know my power." From that moment 1 fell more enslaved than ever. I shuddered at the thought ol' disobeying him; 1 felt mine than ever a lost man. As 1 felt ai lb.it moment, in spite of my desire to lea. every one know this man's power oxer me. I would rather have pulleiWJirt my tongue than have done ■no "Are those all your co-nunan;'s';" | ^aid humbly. "All, you ;>r<; uowvd at u-t. arc \'<.-uV 3i0 s:iid mock ingly. "Ynn r,i:i u-!k.-,1 your wiiili iiiiiie; now yo;i know it lucuiw. .You did no. think I could crush you like a grii'-di.ippcr, d'id y.jii: Yon, 1 hove out* oilier iiuuni.iiid for .mui. You must go to London lo- iiuiM-inv, and go on with your old work. You nui-.t: not, huh) any coiiiumnteation with Miss Forrest, luy atliaiu-cd bride. I myself am going to Lovnlou to-day, and most likely shall remain the re for a while. Perhaps J shall want 'to see you occasionally. 11' 1 do, you will (juifldy know. Jsuall have no need to toll you my address;" and ho laughed a savage laugh. "Is that all?" 1 said. /'That is all. You will come to the wed ding. Mi-, Make. Yon shall see her arrayed for .her hushand, dressed all" in white, as a bride should be. You shall see her lips toueli mine. You shall see us go away to : gather—the woman you love, and the'man w ho lias , cm.-he<l you as if you were a worm." This maddened inc. llv a tremendous effort of will 1 was free. "That shall never be. .Somehow, some way, J. will thwart you," 1 cried. "J will free myself Irani you; I will snap your cruel elm in asunder." '•I defy you " lie said. "Yon can do no thing that 1 have commanded you not to do. Tor the rest I care not a jot." lie wont away, leaving me alone, and then all the sensations ol the previous nights came back to me. 1 remembered what the ghost was supposed to foretell, and .the evil influence the dark pond was said to have. I saw again the large red hand, oh the water's surface. I recalled dimly the struggle, the fighting, the strange feeling I had as my senses began to leave me. 1100111 I have killed hiin? If I did i.I was guiltless 'of crime. It was not my heart tliat conceived the thought; it was not I who really did the deed/ 1' had no pangs- of conscience, no feeling of remorse, and ycl, the thought that 1 had hurried a man into eternity was horrible. I wandered in the plantation for horn's, brooding, thinking, despairing. No lien can describe what I felt, no words can convey to <the mind the thoughts and pains of my mind and heart. Never did I love Miss Forrest so much, never was Voltaire's villainy so real; and yet 1 was to lose her, and that man—a fiend in human form—was to wed her. I could do nothing. He had paralyzed my encigies. He had set a com mand before me which was as ghastly as hell, and yet I <lar<?d not disobey, f, a young, "strong man, was a slave—a slave ' of the worst kind. I was the plaything, the tool of a villain, -I had-to do as he iold me: I had to refrain from doing what he told me I was" not to do. I had done I knew not what. Perchance a hangman's rope was hanging near- me even now. _ I could not tell. And yet' I dared not rise from my chains, and see whether the tilings ' I had been accused of doing were true. I went hack to the house. Voltaire was gone, while the guests and family Were having their lunch, I felt that I could not join theiu, so I went into the library. -I had not been there ten minutes when Miss Forrest entered. She looked pale and worried. 1 suppose that I, too, must have been haggard, for she started when she saw me. Bhe hesitated a moment, and then spoke. "The whole party are going for a ride this afternoon. They have just been mak ing arrangements. They are going to ask you to join them. Shall you go";1' she, asked. "No; I filial] not go," I replied, "Will you come here at 3 o'clock?" '"Yes, I said, wondering what she meant; but I had not time to ask her, for two young men came into the room. 1 went to my room and tried to think, but i could not. My mind refused to work. - J. watched the party ride away — it was comparatively small now, for several had relumed to their homes—and then I found my way to the library. 1 sat for awhile in silence, scarcely con scious of my surroundings; and then J won dered how long Miss Forrest would lie be fore she came, and what she would tell mc. The clock on the mantelpiece began to strike'3; it hail not liuished when she en tered the room. 1 placed a chair for her beside my own, which she accepted without a word. For a minute neither of us spoke; then she said abruptly, "You told me yon loved me when we rode out together the other day."' "I did." 1 said, "and 1 do love yen with all tlie intensity that a human heart is ca llable ol' loving; but it is hopeless now." "Why?" "Von have promised to many another man.." Uliai. (io yon ];i>ooi tins: 1'oth of us v. re very excited. We were moved 10 talk in :ui unconventional strain. ".Mr. Temple fold me of your interview together last night.!' A slight tiusli eanie to her face. "Did. Mr. Temple lias fold you the condition oi Die promise as well," she said. "Yes; but that condition makes me hope "What!" she cried. "lint no, T will not entertain such a thought. You are as inno cent as J am." , "Yes, J am innocent in thought, in in tent, and in heart; but as for the deed it self, 1 ktgpw not." "1 do not understand you," she said; "you speak in words that convey no mean ing to my mind. Will you explain?" "1 cannot. Miss Forrest. 1 would give all I possess if J could. I have nothing that 1 would keep secret from you, and yet 1 can not tell you that which you would know." Did she understand ma? Did her i|uick mind guess my eondftion? 1 could not tell, and yet a strange look of intelligence . flashed from her eyes. "Mr. Wake," she said, "my soul loathes the thought of marrying that man. ]f ever my promise has to he fulfilled, i shall die the very day on which he calls me wife." My heart gave a great throb of joy; her ; every word gave me hope in spite of my sell. "Mr. Wake," she c.oiHtiuued, "I never ; mus. marry him." "tied grant you may not," 1 said. "1 must not," she said, "and you must keep vue from danger." "I, Miss Forrest. 1 would give the world if 1 could; hut how run 1? You do not know the terrible slavery that binds me, ncilher can J. tell yon." "1 shall 'ti'usy in you to de'ivor me from tills man," she went on without heeding me. "You must prove yourself to he iu m.c/ist." , " "To do'that 1 must bring this man Kafl'ar. 1 knew nothing of liirn. I could never iind him. Oil. I tell you, Miss Dorresv, a thou mud evil powers seem io lend me when 1 attempt to do what I. long for." "i shall trust in you," she cried. '•Surely you are snliicieiuly jut crested in me to su\e me from it man like Voltaire?" "Interrsl ui ?" I cried. "1 would die for yiui, I love you so. Ami yet 1 can do no thing." "Y oil can do something; yon can do everything. You can save tne front him." "<ih," I cried, "i. know 1 must appear a pitiful coward -to you. It is for me you have placed yourself in thin position, while 1 refuse to try to liberate you from it. if I only could; if J dared. Hut J am chained oi, cverv hand.'" "mil \ou aic g'dug break i.'iose chains; yon ,uc filing 111 be fiw: you a re going to he !j;ipi;>■ Dor words nerved mo. Tlio impossible fremiti possible, and yet everything was , misily. "(tidy i,no living can make mo hapjiv," 1 said, "ami that can never 1)0 now! I have Jos', my strength; 1 am become a piti ful onward." "Von are going to be happy," she re peated. "Miss Forres..'," T said, "do not mock me. ' My life for day-; has boon a boll. 1 have hud a terrible existence; no light shines in the sky. You cannot 'think what your ! words mean to me, or you would uot sneak them." "Will you "not, for my sake, if. not for your own. exert yourself? Will you uot think of my happiness a little? The thought of marrying that man is madness." "Miss Forrest," 1 cried, "yon must think i I have lost all manhood, all self- respect, ' when you hear what ] say; but Ibe only tiling chat could make me think of trying to do what is ten thousand times my duty to do, is that you will give me some hope that, if f should succeed, you will he the wife of such a poor thing as I am." She looked at me intently. She was very pale, and her eyes shone like stars. Beautiful she looked beyond compare, and so grand, so noble. She was tied down to no conventionalities; wbitber her pure true heart led her she followed. "if you succeed," she said, "1 will be your wife." "But not simply from a feeling pf pity?" I cried. "I could not let you ao that. I have niauliness enough for that even yet." "No," she said proudly," '/but because you are the only man l ever did or can love." For u minute 1 forgot my woes, lhy pains. No ghastly deed taunted me with its me mory, no dark cloud hung in the skies. 1 felt uiy Gertrude's lips against mine; I felt that her, life was given to inc. 1 was no longer alone and desolate; a pure, Beautiful woman had trusted me so fully, so truly, that hope dawned in my sky, and earth was heaven. "Now, Justin," she said, after a few minutes of happy silence, "you must away. Every hour may be precious". - God knows how gladly I would be with you, but it must not lie. But remember, my hope lies in you, and my love is given to yon. God bless you!" . • She went away then and left me; while J, without knowing why, prepared to start -for-London. I had a great work to do. I .had, if I was to win Gertrude for my wife, "to break and crush Voltaire's power over me.. I had to find Kaffar, if he was to be found, and that to me was ah awful uncertainty, and I had to bring liiui to Gertrude before next Christmas live. Away from her the sides were dark again, great heavy weights rested on. my heart, and my life ' seemed clogged. Still lier love had nerved me to do what I other wise could never have done. • It had nerved me to try; and so, with her warm ldss burning on my lips, I hurried off to the great metropolis without any definite idea I why I was going. 