Short Story. A Case of Conscience. There were perhaps a score of people in the . drawing-room of Westholme Towers." The assemblage . Included, . among others, young Badson, of the Guards, for whom I bad conceived a vast partiality ; Wallace Lewin, known to ine years ago, when he was consul at Jaffa ; Mr.- Can- nan, the owner of the demesne adjoin ing my cousin Tom's ; and Mr. Cannan's winsome daughter, Dorothy. Miss Caiman sat at the piano, while Tom, under pretext of turniug over her music, stood close beside her, all plea santly and courtesy. 'i'oni- tall and well-built— showed at his best that evening— I noted it with gall In my heart ; and his jovial face was abeam with smiles.' His diligent attendance on Dorothy Cannau had been decidedly more pro nounced of late, lending colour to the rumour then current to tbe effect that be and she were to make a match of it. From my seat in the embrasure of tlie window, wltli bitterness and envy rank ling in my breast, I watched them. Strive as I might— and 1 detested myself for harbouring the abject fancy— I could not help thinking of (lie consequences their union would entail upon me and lny expectations. "His life only is between me and eight thousand a year," I soliloquised i fretfully. " If he marries— faugh ! there's an end of iny prospects. Not only that, his marriage will roh me of i her whom I love as my life— more than my honour. Dose Dorothy 1 I cannot bear to think of it" i My nerves were strained to their nt- ) most tension that night. I felt un- wontedly Irritable ami revengeful as 1 pictured the misery which the near future had in store for me. And while 1 brooded thus darkly, I ! seemed to hear a voice— the Evil One's, surely — ever uud anon whisper encourag ingly into my ear. " Only liis life — only his life !" Thankful euough was I when Lien- tenaiit Undson and Mr. Lewin, crossing tne Poor, liroke in upon my churlish reverie. " What, moping alone ?" cried the lieu tenant, cheerily. ".This will never do ! Cheer up, old chap. You seem out of sorts to-day." " Yes," said I, wiping my lirow. " My had feels bad— it's tbe hot room, I hink." ."Well, come out with us Into the llirary," young Radson Went on. "Stay, tough ! Lewin has just told me that jni possess a museum of your own- tat is, a collection of bric-a.hrac, silver onameuts and gew-gaws that you Bought with you from tbe East Wbat <1, ycu say to displaying tliein to us btb ? I should greatly -relish seeing <_ tlim." tpstairs we went to my dressing- roln— which adjoined my bedroom— wlire stood ,ihe' oblong marqueterie talie on which the articles were ranged. Thy consisted of various silver kuick- knhks'of Judian filagree-work which I bai picked up In Bombay a year before, wit other bizarre samples of Oriental wokmaushlp which had chanced to take nijjr ancy. 'Very interesting," said young Bad- sou stifling a yawn, in the midst of my paegyrlcs. " Shall we go downstairs agau? I hear Tom siugiug." "ilaif-a- moment," I Interposed. "You hain't examined this yet" g> saying, I picked up what I vainly imlgiued to be the gem of my odd col- lecson— an elaborately carved ivory shall), in which reposed a no less artis- ticMalay krtss. Tie steel of the razor-edged weapon wa fantastically inlaid with silver, and it pssessed some sort of historic value in laving once been o-wued by the uoto- rlois dacoit, Dal Maugas. The slieath I hinded to the lieutenant while Lewin striched out his baud for the keen, curfed blade. "Yery pretty, indeed, commented Bason. "Worth something, that I suniose ?" M'anwhiie. He win ran bis fiugcr along tbedge of the kviss, a subtle-smile upon his face. Theu, as if seized with a sudden thought, he struck a tragic attitude, liftiig the kuife high above his head. "Ha, ha !" he cried, aping the ortho dox transpontine villain. " It's his life or iline ! Shall I strike ? Ha, ha ! Badson laughed hugely at the ex- coisiU's ludicrous posture,, a laugh m which la? win himself presently joined. Then the kriss was once more placed snugly in its sheath, and we returned to the drawing-room. By this time my couslu had dragged himself from Dorothy's side, being now seated in close converse with her father. Thenceforward, to my mind, iry as I might to win her attention, she appeared woefully reticent. Several limes I caught her eyes roam ing in Tom's direction, and the soul of me waxed wrotli at the inference I could not avoid drawing. And at one time I thought she cared for mc — thought she knew I cared for her. At that moment tbe voice smote my cars again with its insinuating home- thrust— "... " Only his life— only liis life ! When the hour arrived for Mr. Caiman and bis daughter to start for home. I escorted Dorothy to the carriage.- Tom following at some little distance behind with her father. ' The pressure of her soft palm si ill lingered In my hand when I went up to my room for the night. Once again, like muttered thunder in my ears, there rose the reiterated phrase — — " Only bis lifehis life !" II. After a wild tossing about on. my lied, harassed and feverish, at length I dozed off. Was it a dream I dreamed then— a horrible, torturing nightmare ? With all -the strength that is in me. I pray that such a dream may never again fall to my lot. In the dead of niglii. I thought that an invisible, irresistible energy clutched hold of ine. impelling me. helpless agaiust its mandates, to deeds full of darkness, ingratitude, and treachery. In oliedienee to its behests. I dreamed that I rose from my bed. stole furtively into my dressing-room, and there took tlie ngly kriss from Its scabbard : I dis- linetly recollect tliat I chuckled softly —ok, "the horror of it!— as I saw the glint of the steel in the moonlight. Then. I knew not liow. I found myself gliding cautiously into iny cousin's room, across the thick carpel to t lie side of his lied. A swift, strong blow, deep into his heart and it was done ! A cry— hoarse and appalling -broke the stillness of the n'ght and this it was, 1 suppose, that wakened me. I sat up in bed shuddering. Merciful powers 1 it was no dream ! The '.long- drawn wall of mortnl agony still rang upon the atr. It came from the adjoin-' ing loom— tliat of my cousin Tom. . A cold sweat pouriug -001 all over me, I bliudly crept into my dressing-room and struck a light Yes, It was no dream. The deadly kriss, lying bare and- bloodstained on the little table con victed me. As 1 snatched it up agaiu, to gaze aghast at its gory edge, the . muflied groan once more struck upon my ears. Still retaining tbe weapon in my grasp, I darted out into the corridor. I saw the .flicker of half-a-dozen candles, as, roused by tbe outcries, tbe inmates of tbe house bun-ted, .panic- stricken, to tbe spot With the ap pearance of the lights, Tom raised him self upon his elbow, stretched his arm towards me as if in denunciation, and then fell hack— dead 1 I have a dim vision of paled, awed faces around me. looking at me lialf- oompassionntely, half-loathingly ; I saw the fearful gash in Tom's breast from which tlie blood still trickled ; above all, like a scar iu my memory, I recall tlie reil-tlnged kriss around which my fingers tightened convulsively. When the police cable I gazed at' them blankly, unable to realise the import of their queries. I replied to them, at hazard, incoherently— "His life!" I murmured, dlsjointedly. " I was in a dream. .Somnambulism ! I don't understand. A crime— who says it was a crime ?" The police inspector shook his head pityingly, and turned to speak to young Badson. " Yes, yes," said tlie lieutenant, with evident reluctance. " It sounds like a confession. He'll go quietly. I've no doubt. I'll accompany you, too." So tliey led me, dazed and impassive, away. In a vague kind of fashion I knew that I was being taken to prison, and I managed somewhat to rally my scattered faculties. There was no use in concealing tlie unconscious part I had played' iu this grim tragedy, and 1 unburdened my mind frankly. " It's a terrible'busincss," saldTtadsou, when I had finished. " No, I don't blame you exactly. In that half-sleeping, half- waking state, you were hardly respon sible for your actions. But it's a terrible — terrible business !" He need not have told me that, for when I was left alone the vivid recog nition of my guilt .was more tbau I could hear. The many instances iu which I was indebted to my cousin came to up braid me with the baseness of my in gratitude in ever countenancing an ill- wish towards hint. And in what way would liis death benefit 1110 now ? I could never he rich with Ills wealth, nor possessed of liis lands ; Dorothy, too, would execrate my name, and hold my memory hi deserved abkoronce. Nothing remained for me hut the ghastly farce of trial and conviction ; beyond loomed the gauut, forbidding gallows III. A man left alone with such thoughts as mine tastes an earnest of death. The leaden bom's passed slowly by, and al though I could uot have beeu inside the gaol over five hours, it seemed as many weeks to nie before Lieutenant Badson returned. " Fliew !" lie said, eyeing me intently. "You seem the ghost of yourself. You ought not to give way like this." " Ought not V" 1 echoed, bitterly. " Do you expect 1110 to laugb and dance under my sin ?" " Coine, come ! it's not so bad as all tbat," he added quickly. " I've a ques tion or two to ask you. In the first place, why did you pitch me that tale about a gruesome dream V" " What do you mean ?" I cried ex citedly, " Why tliis-tbnt you no more killed your cousin than I did !" " Wlmt ! Is T0111 not dead ?" " Unfortunately, yes. But you had no hand in causing his death. The real murderer has been found— wandering half-clad, and raving mad, upon the moor." " The real murderer !" I repeated vacantly. " Have no fear ; he is in safe keeping now. He must have let himself out of tlie bouse immediately after tlie deed was done, still retaining, iu spite of liis undoubted insanity, a lurking notion of tlie necessity of flight. Of course, as soon as we missed him, tlie hue-and-cry was raised, with the result tliat lie was discovered 011 the moor, as I have said, chattering to himself and chuckling over his atrocity. He particularly gloats over his frenzied cunning in having secretly filched the Malay kriss from your room, aud in replacing It without disturbing you, after lie had put It to the vile pur poses conceived, by his crazed brain. Certainly, the poor fellow is uot ac countable for Ids actions, yet his people are greatly to blame " " Bui." I iuterpdsed hastily, v you have not told me who this madman is." " Why, it's tlie man you knew away In Jaffa— Wallace Lewin. His friends were at once communicated with, aud a brother of liis reached Westholme an hour ago. From liim 1 learned that Lewin has of late been somewhat erratic iu his behaviour, the outcome, uo doubt, . of the sunstroke he sustained a few months back in the Levant. Ever since then he has been subject to periodic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly, nobody imagined that they would culminate, as thc.v have done, iu a seizure of homi cidal mania. What impelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than upon auy one else, I can't understand, unless, indeed, it was pr tbe reason I have already mentioned— the apparent ease with which tlie mur der could he fathered upon you. That, too. seems to be Mr. Cannan's theory." " Ah ! Has Mr. Oannan been to tlie Towers ?" " He came directly he heard of Tom's death. By the way. we were all at fault with regard to Tom and Mr. Cnu- uan's daughter. I had a loug talk with the old man, and, from what he said, I conjecture that T0111 was endeavouring to smooth the patii for you. Aware that, lier father would probably discounte nance any engagement between you and his child, because of your unsatisfac tory position financially, Tom— the mag nanimous fellow— even hinted at settling a substantial annuity upon you, on con dition tliat Mr. Oanuan withdrew all obstacles. That expedient will now no louger be needed ; equally, of course. Miss Cauuan knew nothing of these pending negotiations." " And she V 1 murmured. " Have you seen or heard anything of her ?" " Only that she is in a state of anxfety and indignation on account of your arrest, nigh bordering on distraction. Her father has gone to see about get ting you out qf this infernal bole, aud If I might advise you. I would suggest that you drive straight to his honse, and set "her at rest. Hark." added he, as foot steps drew near tlie cell door, " here comes Mr. Cannon to carry you off."— 1 " Weekly Sun. 