KHUGEB AND CHAMBERLAIN. "Increasing anxiety is being felt in England with regard to the iTransvaal" is one . of those utterances of the cable providers which we must take on trust. AVhen a man says he has ills finger on the national pulse of 40 millions ..of people, and you .know ' that, you haven't, you can't argue with hiih. But that there is some reason for anxiety with re-, gord to th Transvaal is apparent enough to the most careless observer of the situation/ Tlio Imperial Government has been a long time finding out that' tho dynamite monopoiy, Is a breach of the Anglo-Transvaal, agree- : ment, but its remonstrance' to thai -eifcct — the first it lias made- of an assertive: charac ter since the hild — opens up a .very -serious situation. ; 'The Ultlanders of, the Rand' are entirely at the mercy of the- Boers.- Disarmed, unorga nised, unleci,' their crowded city is dominated by Boer forth-armed- with the best artillery, which W'lll hot shpot any iess straight for the fact that it has-been paid for by their money, and surrounded by Boer trained fighting men. The material of the Boer forces is as tough as any in the world, and better trained for Its special purpose than any. Straight-shots at any range, accustomed to stalk the shyest game, and to cope with the wiliest and most determined savages, the Beers have develop ed the finest mounted Infantry system in the world. This they have proved to the dissatis faction of British Generals, from Sir Harry Smith In 1848 to poor Sir George Colley in 1881) from Boom-Platz, in which the victory and the losses lay with the British, and the honours with Fretorlus and ills Boers, to Majuba, where Schmidt and Joubcrt perform ed the moHt brilliant feat of arms of the cen tury. These Boers, moreover, have the best system of mobilisation. AVhon the word gooa out every Field-Cornet mustei's his men at the given . rendezvous; each with seven , days' provisions, and a stock of ammunition, and ' each small command is accompanied by an outfit of waggons supplied by "Its district. This' system had tap -'difficulty lri-;meetlng the Jameson raid, with 1500 well-mounted; and well-equipped ; men at a few hours' notice, right across his ; track, and in unassailable positions. And thpusands more were getting ready. What' would-' happen, therefore; V;tb Johannesburg on the': outbreak- of war It re- , quires 110 ghost to toll us. On the other hand, tlie British forces In. South Africa are riot numerous; tlie Orange Free State might nialte common cause; with its kinsmen of the Transvaal, as it prepared to do in 1890, and tlie Dutch element in Caps Colony is In the ascendant, slightly, but surely. And, if till, electioneering . speeches only spoalc halt the" truth (they are said; to Bpeak none of it), that . ascendant portion that acknowledges I-Iofmoyer's leadership la. ready to toss up - caps for tlie Transvaal. Thus ' the consequences, of that remarkably foolish move of Jameson and -the Banders are still charged with dis aster. If, on the. declaration of war; : tho British '.officer, commanding ; repeats Colley's mistake (of 1881), of taking tho field with, an inadequate force, his certain defeat may light a very, nasty fiame from one end. of South Africa to another. The British army is very naturally anxious to wipe out the memory of its defeats at the Boer hands— none, of them i'eally serious but Majuba — and Is quite able, with' sufficient time for pre paration, to' do so. Moreover, . it knows the Boers noSv, 'and their, shooting works, and is not, likely to give them, tlie advantage, as Colley did. But" what if the Boer, like the "insolent foe" he isi tyere to begin before "the"; soldiery are reinforced? That is the; real-; cause for anxiety. . We can only hope that lit the Imperial Government lias really made up: its mind to act under the Anglo-Trans vaai. agreement it has made the necessary/pre parations. 