THE GHOST-MONK. .COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE. by MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of "Policy nnd Passion," "Moloch," ' Outlaw; and Lawmaker," &a.;, &c.; all bi0bt8 beskbved. S never knew a more de lightful p sr.o n than \ f n t h e r 9 Canal is — '1 Dr. Canal i I I nlwu\ Sj called hin ft because no ( being my- 1 self of tho cat'holio communion i. prefer, when it is permissible, to use the more secular modo of address. Besides thero was a certain savour of tho world about Dr. Canalia. in 'some respects he was the typical priest of society — well bred, highly cultivated, aiguified, courteous, and with muoh know ledge of men and of women — he was indeed a frequent and ever- welcome guest in the houses of many of the great Catholio nobility. Though of foreign oxtraotion, he was to all intents an Englishman, and was tho head of ah important Catholio seminary in London. This position guvo him a greater freedom than is usual with the clergy of tho Church of Rome. Ho was a Jesuit, whioli fact had perhaps something to say to his extreme charm of mannor,'his exqnisito taot, and his varied sooinl gifts. Thero was nothing of tho ascetic about Dr. Cannlis, but ho in no sense realised the conventional notion of thp Jesuit priest. If t.horc ovor lived an earnest, pnrc- minded, nnd truly religious man it wits my friend Father Caualis. i call him my friend, though i am not as a rule fond of priests ; and as my husband belongs to tho Roman persuasion, i have hud some opportunities of observing ' tho class. Fortunately Eustace is liberal in hie views, robust as well as Boholarly in his tastes, and has a keen sense of humour. Thus the priests who are his intimate friends are generally men of culture, aud are interesting apart from their calling. Dr. Cannlis hgd the reputation of beiug a proselytist, and it was said that he had made many a convert among . a particular order of woman — that which is essentiully of London society— the kind of woman who gravitates, by temperament towards the mother church. i am not that kind of woman ; and Dr. Caualis, after one or two conversations in wliioh i frankly stated my objections to his creed, gave up any prosely tising notions he may have entertained, and accepted my friendship on another basis. It was these talks which made mo know and appreciate the man — his real sincerity, his almost, feminine power of sympathy, his toleration of other opinions than his own, and his practical common sense. i met him more thuu once as a guest during his vacation at tho residence of a Catholio rolntivo of Eustace's, and so charmed was i with the first sermon i heard' him preaoh in our relutive's'chapel, that afterwaras i often went to hour him at the pro- cathedral, where his extraordinary eloquence and the poetic grace of his diction caused him to be frequently chosen for the courses of sermons delivered there by popular Catholic divines. It was, therefore, with the greatest satisfaction that i found he was staying at Cannes one winter when my husband und i went out for six weeks sunshine — a six weeks made memor able ever afterwards by tho companionship of Dr. Canalis. He had been granted leave of. absence on account of lung dolicacy. Ho looked worn and transparent, but no serioas symptoms had show themselves and it was not supposed that he was in real danger. Ho told us that his dootor's proscription was too live out of doors, to drive us much us possible, to nourish him self with food, mid to give up work end study for a timo. Dr. Canalis was not rioh — what good Catholio priest has ever more than suffices for tho necessaries of exiatonce ? — wo saw he denied himself the drives, which were lua greatest pleasure, mid we, therefore, always made a point of asking him to accompany us on tho different expeditions wo made in the neighbourhood of Cannes. One day we bogged him to go with us on a rather long excursion to a queer little old world plooe in the hills behind Grosse, which is ulraost unknown to the ordinary tourist on the Riviera, nnd which yet has a history that goes hack to the Saracens, and was once the stronghold of almost the greatest of tho. Provencal families. . The place is called St. Xuvier do Goutruu. i noticed that an excited look came over tho. priest's face, and he smiled with an almost boyish eagerness. " You are doing me the greatest kindness that you could have imagined," lie .said, " i accept joyfully. i know St. Xavier de GontraB," he went on. "i have tho most struugo nnd solemn association with the pluhe, which i huvo not visited for many yoars. i hud, an immense longing to go there again. But it is a long expedition, and i cannot now walk over the liills as i used ; and, in short, there nro difficulties in tho way." We know what the difficulties wero. Father Cunulis would have considered it sinful selfishnoss to waste thirty francs on carriage hire for tho gratification of a senti mental desiro of his own. i jumped to the conclusion that his association with the place was a sentimental one — ho had spoken of it with a hushed drop of his voice — and i ventured to ask him what tho story was. The hesitation of his manner mado me feel convicted of au impertinent cariosity. "i have hardly over spoken of it," ho answered. " i don't thinkloonld do so here," and he glanced round the crowded drawing- room of. tho hotel. ' ' Perhaps when wo nro there. It made a great impression on mo. It hus to a great extent influenced my life." Ho did tell us the story when we were sitting on a little stone torruco, an abutment of tho fortified wail of tho old Chateau of Gontran, after wo had gono over tho church, talked to the euro, had inspected tho ancient fortraits, and had taken photographs — and Eustace— of the principal features of interest iu this strange human eyrie perched on the Grosse hills. Futhcr Caualis had left us to this occupa tion. Ho hail seemed curiously subdued ; tho hcotio in his checks glowed. Ho and tho . ouro had gono off together. Then afterwards, whonleaving Eustace to develop tho negatives, i had strolled through tho narrow streets of tho village, and glonning on tho way suoh information as i could from tho patois of a picturesquo crouo sitting spinning at the oavernous door of a ruined house, had ontorcd tho church. i behold Father Canalis prostrate before the high altar absorbed in anecstaoy of devotion. i softly olosed the door, for i did not went to disturb him. Eustaco was waiting for me in front of the ahatcau. Wo went down some crumbling steps, und bame upon tbistiuy terrace garden, olosed in by a gray liohen- grown parapet. Bolow us Btratalicd tho beautiful valley of tho Siagno, and boyoud, tho Mediterranean misty on the horizon. a zig-zag path lod down tho preoipitous foco of tho rook on whioh tho ohatoau was built. to our right wub the ohuroh — a rathor imposing structure, with a tower and a Gotbio doorway, aud two finely carved images lot into niohos on each sida of the groat oak door. The ohuroh and tbo rains of tho ohatoau and the houses near it showed that Gontran had onoo been a place of some importance. Eustace and i wero speculating on its previous history when tho priest joined us. Thero was upon hisjfses a ourious far-away look. He seated himself on a bench in the anglo of the parapet and began ubruptly — " i eaid i would toll you tho thing whioh happened to mo ' here, and whioh made so great en impression upon me. It was in this very ohuroh " Wo boggod him to lot us hear his Btory. "i warn you," ho said, with' a strange smile, " that it is a ghost story ; and you aro now hearing it at first hand." Asnoariy.as i can romembor Dr. Canalis told his story in those words "It is about stwolvo yours ago," ho eaid, " boforo i was appointed to the sominary. I wus doing an article on tho ecclesiastical. history of eome of theso old Provencal townst and had come up hero to study tho inscriptions in the ohnroh. i had arranged- to stay the night in the ohatoau if my investigations should keep me too late; for tho walk to Grasso, an& tho ouro being as i know absent —he bod as well the care of that village yonder"— Dr. Canalis pointed aoross the valley of tho Singne. "I had gone into the ohuroh unnoticed. i had remained there interested in my work till the light failed, and then was suddenly roused from a medi tation by the sound of tho key turning in the door, and knew that i was looked in. 1 could make no -one hear me, und after a while, reflecting that i might as well sleep in the church as in one of tho baro rooms of the ohatoau, wrapped my oloak round me, and being vety\tired, was soon fast asleep. " It must have been after midnight when i awoke with a curious feeling of uneasiness. Tho moon was shining brightly through , the windows, und as i lay' it seemed to me that the wall on the opposito side opened and - that the figure of a monk stepped forth and walked along the side aisle in the direction of ' t.he altar. The inonk wrung his hands as he moved, and ejaculated in u tono of deep ' despair: 'Is thero 110 one who will say a muss for my wretched soul?' Then before he ' eaohed the altar turned, walked slowly hack a the wall and disappeared. "i told myself that the apparition was but the vision of a dream, and once moro slept. Again i woe awakened by the same feeling of uneasiness, and again the monk stepped forth from tho wall and again wrung his hands and repeated his monrnfni plaint. This " time i know that it was no dream. i got up and kneeled before the' altar in' prayer and .adoration, and then onee more lay down and ' waited till tho spectre should for the third time come forth.1 As tho clock atraok the third hour, tho stone melted, as it were,, behind the ghost, and it seemed as if the un-- happy being wore directly addressing 'hia petition to me as he wailed, 'Oh, who. will eay a mass for my wretched soul ?' i got up and went towards him." '" Had you no fear ?" aBked Eustace. "None," replied Dr. Canalis, "and i am tolling you an absolutely true story. i do not believe that one has any fear of the super natural provided that he is conscious of pure motive1; at any rate i felt none theu. 'i will pray for your sonl if it' he any comfort to yon, i said; and then i went into the sacristy, of whioh the door wus open, and robed myself while the ghost-monk waited at the steps of the high altar; and then the ghost served me as i performed this strange nd solemn requiem mass." Dr. Cunalis paused. " Thon ?" exclaimed Eustace. "The point of the story has yet to come," answered the priest dreamily. "As the monk Btood by tbut part of the wall from which he had appeared, he paused for a moment, and aaia before he disappeared, 4 1 thank yon for having given me peace. There is only ono wuy in whioh i can show my gratitude. Three days before your death you will seo me again."' . . . "Don't think , me morbidly superstitious," Faiher Canalis added, "hut as i prayed just now at that same spot, the presentiment was borne in upon mo that i shall soon receive that promised visit." He got up as he spoke. " Did you notice," he said, "that space in the wall of the church where the masonry appears to have been lately disturbed ?" We nodded. . \- " i have been inquiring of the attendant here, and he tolls mo that a portion of the wall fell away a year or two ago, and that in repairing tho place it was discovered to he hollow. a skeleton was found in the recess and also a cap and a platter. It is certain that the ghost-monk who served me at the mess was the spectre of one-walled up alive, perhaps centuries ago." There was a delay in our getting away from St. Savior do Gontran ; tho drive was long and the way stony, and one of the horses weut lame. a mistral had risen, and we reached tho hotel long after sunset, chilled to the bone. No one was surprised to learn next duy that Dr. Canalis was laid up' with au attack of congestion of the ' lungs. i went to see liim a few days later, and i was struck by the chango in his appearunca and the wonderfully spiritualised expression of his always refined nnd thoughtful face. " i nm glad that you have eome," ho said, quite cheerfully, "for i ahull not seo you again. i am glad too that i told you the story of the ghost-monk at Gontran the other day. You know i told you also of the pre sentiment which camo over me that i should soon meet my -spectral visitant again. He came lest night. i shall die the day after to-morrow." No reasoning could persuade Father . Canalis out of bis fixed idea, though the doctors assured him that there was nothing in his condition to give rise to any serious apprehension. Indeed, after an interview with the doctor i felt sure that iny friend wus labouring under a morbid impression. Noth ing oonld, however, have boon less morbid than the way in whioh he sat about arranging his worldly affairs — if, indeed, that term could ho applied to tho intorosts of one who was as regards sordid matters so unworldly. His presentiment, however, was verified. On the third night aftor the ghost-monk bud appeared to him he died as quietly ns if lie hud beon going to Bleep. The doctors could not undorstand the case ; nor can i. i only know that the ghost Btory must be true, for Dr. Canalis was incapable of oven self- deception. 