STATK SCHOOLS' EXCURSION TO MENTONE. FMyosotis]. The tidoof life,"swift always in its course; May run in cities with a brisker fore", But nowhere with a current so serene, .Or half eo clear, as in the luralscene. —CowrER. -fhSl-ra't get in the first train, its packcd! " needs n-ftphatic, isn't itWell ire must at the fta(ior the second. When it arrires and those \vh'/.'~ve ar° hurtled in anyhow, *"'• When or S*1'* tcat 10 be thank r~2£Z*!ty >ve r> fairly started, with what l^fEgjfeggssia^as?ail theslations on (he line — " iierDoufftc, Kictonond, South Yurra, Hawks burn, Toorak, Armadale, Malvern, Caulfield, Glen Huntly, North Koad, M'Kinnon, Kast .Brighton, South Brighton, Highett, Chelten ham—then comes A1 en tone, and we alight. There are a few houses in front of us, but they only get a cutsory stance, for the sun is high in the heavens, and before us, a bit along the road, wc see shade. In the grounds adjoining the skating rink, there were a merry-go-round and swing boats, ice orcam and fruit carts iu gah ro. When rambling through the scrub, suddenly the sea appeared before ns, calm and blue. With a wild cry of delight, we rtuhed towards it. Such a dcliciously cool breeze was blowing, when we reached the pier. I am much afrad though, that 1 am much disappointed with Jlentone. From hearsay, I exposed the (rain would leave me at a second Paradise. Not at all. l'erlmps it is all the praises which I have heard sung to its glory that makes me exclaim in perplexed tone-", " Shades of our fathers 1 Is this Mcntone I " If someone could only have said " Xn, it is not," what a load would have been taken off my heart, but instead, evirything arouad me echoed, •' This is Mentune, Jlentone, Jlentone." But I am forced to make a con ccs-iou. The beach is decidedly more picturesque than ours. With its great cliffs enclosing it, it is quite a snag corner. In the afternoon, the rink was openid for dnnc ing, but dancing was altogether out of the question. Children, both little and bi<-, rushed hither and thither, playing tij'gie. Certainly I did essay to try a polka and waltz, but after (scaping kissing ttie Hoor * several times by the skin of my tecih, I gave up the attempt. I heard one lady remaik toanothirthat they were a perfect nusiance, and oughtn't to le allowed in. (Pojr little dots). Xon~ let me ask a question, " What is Mentone .' a lot of cliffy, a lot of scrub, a lot of sand, and a handful ot houses! Surely this cant be it. b'urely this is but its ghost. If not, I call Jlentuic, a double-faced monster, a fraud, and the next time 1 hear anyone raving over it's beauties. 1 shall ex claim. "Whilst/ I've seen it myself." I5ut I must commence to get a bit calm on the subject. No doubl, Mentone is an alright p'ace. 1 didn't go on an inspecting tour, Dut the scrub and bracken, wherever 1 did go, was, for the most part, dried and faded. The beach is simply lovely. I'm a bit dotty on that point. From the pier—and no doubt, there are other places of vantage— numbers of artistic and picturesque scenery photos, could be taken. First a stretch of tand, doited here and there, with visitors, then the rugged cliffs, and, on top of all, _ dense scrub. That's hoiv it looks. It is a picture of grandeur. 