CHANGES INrTHE POLICE - ' v ' FORCE. - It is satisfactory to find that the Com missioner of; Police has decided upon certain changes in '; the. location of the Superintendents of Police. The method adopted will be fraught with economy. since there will no longer be ,a dual command in the cities, and the changes proposed will ? certainly be in -the. in terests, of the_ force. , Mr ? Scott,, of Launceston, exchanges 'districts with Mr Driscoll, of Mersey, and Mr Beres ford' goesMfrom .the \Selby {district to Brighton'.. 'Theses-changes 'will' be in' every sense of the word effective. Mr Scott has, the'-repntation oMwing.a very able, officer,. but he has always been part and parceU of the Launceston municipal force, having, served* in the ranks he now commands. Devonport may congratulate itself on the prospect of obtaining the services of 'such a capable officer. Mr Driscoll obtains the reward of' long service by being placed in command of a' city division, and will no doubt acquit himself creditably. The Launceston people 'ought to appreciate' the decision of the Cabinet, and may do 'so 'without in the least de tracting from the merits of Mr Scott. Hitherto their police force, has been purely local, controlled by the aldermen of the city, and subject to local in fluences. , Tiie officer in charge .should be wholly free from local associations and connections. /Under such ,condi tio'ns he may fairly expect to command the respect of,, the'; police, and the general public and ' so discharge his duties satisfactorily!.;- We hope, that the We which has been applied to Lannces ton will be made operative, in flobart also. There, toa, the police has been a local body, and lias had to do' its duty impartially in a city where a large num ber 'of the public houses are owned .by a wealthy and exceedingly influential comr pany. It is, to our mind, essential that a change 'should be made in the 'com- mand of the force at the capital, and we express this opinion without disparag ing the work .which Superintendent Pedder has done under the old regime. 'We assume that the changes proposed are part of a scheme for the reorganisa tion of the police of Tasmania, which has been so urgently needed for years past, aud that other alterations will be'ruade in fairly rapid succession. '-'Having 'this in view, it-is to be hoped that the:Com missioner will before -long be strong enough to make a tour-,of,.the^()olony, so that he may become ' personally ac quainted with the requirements of the country districts. . In no.other woycan a satisfactory reconstruction of .the'force be accomplished. ' ' - In Tasmania it is also necessary to maintain a strong mounted force separate altogether from the foot constables, and we hope that when this is beingarranged (for it is understood to be p'nft of Mr Richardson's scheme) the experiment' so successfully tested, in Queensland^ will be adopted here, and that the police will form a . regiment . of the Defence Force of the Colony. The task before the Commissioner is a complicated one, imd will take some little ttime to carry Dutj but the changes that have already been announced inspire confidence in his' tdministrative ability. Debating Socioty at Penguin.— At a meeting held in the Bechabite Hall, Pen gum, on Friday night (reports our corres pondent) it was decided to form a debat ing society. Much diversity of opinion had existed as to whether a Parliamentary society would not be best, but it was decided to adopt the simpler ^ form. Mr C. 'Webster was appointed secretary, and Mr A. M'Phcrson' hon. treasurer. Pro visional committee : — Messrs T. Sullock, Sullivan, Clerke, Clifford, C. W. Brown and C. Webster. ? The subscription was fixed ? at Is per quarter, and March 10 selected as the date of trie next meeting. Probate Issued. — The following probato has been issued:— Mary Dickens to Nicho las ? Brown;' and Henry Vincent Bayly, ? 1,293. .?....' ? Tho Ulverstone'-Burnie Eailway. — Ow- ing to tho extremely boisterous weather during the past few days, work on the TJlverstone-Burnie Railway has been con siderably delayed. On Monday nothing was done, and yesterday the gangs were only ablo to- work between the intervals of rain. \+ ^, Latrobe Police Court.— At the Latrobe Police Court on Monday morning, before Mr P. £. Maxwell, P.M., Wm. Butters was fined 2s. 6d or 24 hours' imprisonment for being drunk and disorderly. The fine was paid.— Yesterday morning, before Mr Maxwell, j. Mitchell and E.Kippax, two well-known and respected storekeepers, were each fined' Is, costs being remitted, for placing posters on telegraph posts. Transferred. — Mr T. Hogg, accountant at the Latrobo branch of the Bank of Australasia, who had notice of removal some short time ago, left by the first train on Monday morning for Launceston, where he continues his dutios. ?'Public Works. — The following tenders have been accepted :— Wynyard to Wilk inson's Plains, contract 5, Alexander and Garner, , £83 4s 6d; road, Pine road, branch to Blyth, contract 13, Peter Price,' £130, subject to a reduction of work at schedule prices to extent of £30; road, Mclrbse Creek to Moon's and others, con tract 3, E. 'Whitcome, £82 11s Id; road, M'Hugh's road, contract 3, M. A. M'Grail, £110. 8s lOd, subject to a reduction of work at schedule prices to extent of £20 '8s lOd; road, Gunn's Plains road, river, route, contract 6, E. Whitcome, £259 15s 9d, subject %to a reduction, of work at schedule prices to extent of. £59 '15' 9d ; State school teacher's Tesidence, Sheffield, erection of, W. Jeffrey, £295 10s. A Remarkable Event. — Captain James Patterson, of Burnie, and his wife are well-known all along tho . North- West Coast, and their many friends will be in terested to learn that on Monday they celebrated the 57th anniversary of their marriage. This took 'place on February 27, 1842, at Liverpool, when each1 was 28 years of age'. * They have now reached the ripe old age of 85, and look forward to celebrating the diamond jubilee of then wedding, three years hence. Sir John Forrest. — It is reported by telegraph from Perth that tho Bight Hon. Sir John Forrest,' Premier of Western Australia, has undorgone an operation on the throat for tonsilitis, and has been ordered complete rest for some days. Tho Yes-No Federationist.— If Mr Eeid had been born dumb ho would have been a great statesman, but tho ghosts of his dead speeches are continually rising up to challenge him. Ho must be a Very courageous man to dare to confront him self. Trinity College Musical Examinations. — A meeting of-.the committee of the Devonport centre of the Trinity College musical examinations was held in the Ministerial room, West Devonport. Pre sent: Rev Wm Hogg (in the chair) Mcs 'dames'Macmaster and Smith (local secre tary), and Mr W. E. Bovill. Apologies were received from Lady Braddon and the Rev J. de Coetlogon. The secretaiy re ported having received sanction from the Board in Londcta that Devonport be the local centre for the North West Coast; also, that eight candidates had applied to be examined in musical knowledge at the forth-coming examination on June 10. Hon. J. H. M'Coll was unanimously, elected a member of. the committee and chairman of the local centre, subject to the approval of tho Board. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair man.,. Another Sign of Progress. — The North Western Farmers' Association, which con tinues to 3how undoubted signs of pro gress, has found it necessity to erect an office at East Devonport, to deal with in creased business. A site on the Esplanade handy to the wharf has been selected, and the building is almost completed. Don Road Trust. — Tenders are invited by'the Don Road Trust, and will be re ceived up to Tuesday, March 7, for cutting and burning all blackberries, Bweet briars, ferns, and scrub, the full width of the road, in the following sections :— From Railway Line, Leith, to Mr Robson's gate (Upper Leith road) ; from Main road to Sullivan's Creek (Killturkey road) ; from Main road to Lillico's siding (Hay's road) ; from Main road to Beach road (Archer's road) ; from Don Eridge to Hardy's Creek, (Don road) ; Forth Bridge to Don Bridge; Forth Bridge to Forth Beach rood. . , The Pear Slug.— From Mr F. Oldaker we learn that the pear slug is greatly in creasing in many orchards itf the 'Mersey district. At Paradise and New Bed the pest is becoming very troublesome, so that it behoves orchardists , generally to promptly resort to preventative measures. The Peart Insolvency. — At the 'Hobart Police Court on Friday last the examina tion of Albert Edward Peart, charged with defrauding his creditors, was concluded. The bankrupt, in reply to Mr Crisp, said he was a storekeeper at Gormaneton in April of last year. There was a fire at his store in that month, on account of which he received £600 from the South British Insurance Co.— £550 for the stock burnt and £50 on the building. He gave his father a cheque for £50 out of that money. In September last he drew a cheque in favor of his creditors for £500 and pocketed, the money. in . the ? ~ Bame month he filed ms petition in bankruptcy, but before that, and before he drew the money out of the bank', he called a private meeting of his 'creditors, and offered 12s 6d in' the £1, but as his creditors were not all present, and as a letter was received from Mr Burgess advising the refusal of the offer, it was not accepted. Before he left Launceston he handed over the money got out of the bank to his father at Wvn yord to place in safer hands. His father was to place it with whom he liked. Had not applied to his father for money since' he had returned to Tasmania, nor heard from him about it. Over £80 of book debts had been collected for him, out of which he received £10, and the rest went ~ in payment of rent, legal expenses, etc. There might be about £300 left of the £500 de posited, with his father. . Did not think he had received more than £200 out of the £500. This closed the inquiry, His Honor remarking that Mr Crisp had obtained some substantial information, and allowed the costs of it out of the estate. . . , . ? About one month ago my child, which is 15 months old, had an attack of diarr hoea accompanied by vomiting. ~ I gave it such remedies as' are usually given in such coses, but as nothing gave relief, we sent for a physician and it was under his core for a .week. At this time the child had been sick for about 10 days, and was having about 25 operations of the bowels every 12 hours, and we were convinced that -unless1 it soon obtained' relief it would not live. Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy was recom mended, and I decided- to try it. I soon noticed a change for the better; by its continued ^ use a complete cure was brought about and the child is now perfectly healthy.— C. L. Boggs, Stumptown, Gil mer Co., W. Va; For sale by all dealers; Eation and Laws, General Agents. A' Thriving Industry.— A sample of jure marble soap, manufactured by Messrs Dolglish and Co. at the Spreyton Soap Works, and at 'present on view at the No. 1 Cash Store, Devonport, is the object of considerable interest and idmiration. The exhibit is composed of 3oap in bars and slabs, and surmounted with minarets designed 'from the same material for decorative purposes. In appearance the soap closely resembles white marble tablets elegantly streaked. A closer- scrutiny reveals the excellent properties of the product, the qualities of which is unexcelled by any soaps of its class of cither colonial or home manufac ture, and this \re have from no less an authority than Mr Smith, L manager of the grocery store. The marble soap is delicately perfumed, and most refreshing for toilet purposes, at the same time being eminently suited to the laundry. Recreation.— Mr G. A. Fulton, the popular Clerk of Courts at Devonport, is at present enjoying his annual period of relaxation. The month of February, as a rule, is a busy tune for the registrar, and the regulation holiday immediately fol lowing is doubtless the more appreciable. Mr Fulton is, an enthusiastic yachtsman, and purposed, spending much of his timo during the next fortnight aboard his natty little craft, the Psyche, but in this he will' be in a measure . disappointed owing to the rough weather. A Circuitous Passage.— Tho s.s. Pen guin landed several cases of ale, etc., 'at Devonport on Saturday, addressed, ' Mr — ^— , Bendoc, per s.s. Penguin, to Devon port, for transhipment to Twofold Bay, to be re-introduced into 'Victoria, at Beridoc.' Sure to be Right.— Among the s.s. Penguin's cargo on Saturday was a bos consigned to ' ? , Devonport, Ulver stone, Tasmania.'1 . Was the sender under tho impression that Devonport was merely a suburb of the town on the River Leven? A Ponderous Vehicle. — Ono of C tho largest vehicles ever constructed on the North- West Coast has just been comple ted at Mr J. Lehman's establishment to the order of Mr W. Henry, of Devonport, to bo used in the cartage of produce from the 'latter gentleman's farm at Gunn's Plains. An idea of strength in construc tion is given when it is mentioned that .the vehicle has been designed to carry six tons, a strong safety chain connecting the two axles, to provide for any additional strain on a rough rood. The lorry is fitted with frame and ladder, by the introduction of which as many as seventy sacks of potatoes or corn may be conveniently stowed. Six-inch tires engirdle the enormous wheels, the naves of which are of Victorian box, and the spokes and felloes of picked Tasmanian blackwood. There is a waggon fore carriage, and a double-action, brake, fitted with a strong square thread, which gives additional power, and the brake, being fitted in front, on the near side, may be put into action at any time without the driver dismounting. The body and under-carriage have been fashioned from Tasmanian wood, and the body is built on iron stanchions. Altogether the vehicle is a paragon of strength and utility, and redounds to the credit of Devonport workmanship. A Large Claim. — A writ has been issued in the Brisbane Supreme Court by Mr Jas. Grice, of Melbourne, as the sole sur viving executor of Silas Harding, de: ceased, agonist John Tyson Donnelly, of Toowoomba, grazier, claiming £136,817 for principal and interest due under a covenant contained in a mortgage.; A strong bar has been retained for each side. ' ? : Cost of Governors in S.A. — Sonth Aus tralia will be liable for three half payments of vice-regal salary next month. Sir T. Powell Boston is entitled to half-pay until his leave of absence expires (March 28), Lord Tennyson is entitled to half-pay from the date of his embarkation (March 3), while Chief Justice Way is entitled to half-pay as Governor until' the new man actually reigns. The Building Boom. — The activity in the building trade at Devonport has had a marked effect upon the monumental works of Mr A. Joliffe, on the Esplanade. Huge blocks of blueston, and granite have been obtained during the past few days, the greater bulk of which is to be fashioned in various designs for buildings at present in progress. Sports Booths.— Tenders for booths in connection with the Friendly Societies' Demonstration, to be held at Devonport on Easter Monday next, were opened on Monday evening. There were four- ten- ders for the refreshment' booths, that of W. Wade, £6 10s, being accepted. Two tenders were received for the publican's booth, Mrs Kimberley's price, £4, being accepted. A Devonport Medical Student.— Master Eichard Driscoll, eldest son of Superin tendent Driscoll, who passed his Uni versity exam, in Sydney in March last, and matriculated ; in November, leaves Devonport to-day for Hobart, and will sail by the next moil steamer for Glasgow to complete his studies in the medical profession. Devonport Wharf Sheds. — It has been repeatedly, noticed in bad weather, par ticularly with high wind and rain, that the Devonport wharf sheds, or stores, do not protect the contents to the extent they should. Yesterday the driving wind drew the ; rain' Jnto. the sheds, and. : the lower bagB in* the stacks were wet through. This state of affairs should not exist, and should be remedied by the Marine Board as soon as possible. . Transporting Cut Flowers! — A now method of transporting cut flowers for long distances, which is worthy of. being recorded, has been successfully tried. . The flowers (on Ornithogalum or Albuca) were cut in the bud state, set up in a bed of melted fat' hi a box hermetically sealed, and sent from the Cape of Good Hope to England. On arrival the flowers', were placed in water; they expanded by degrees, and looked as if just gathered. The ' Lancet' is the . greatest medical' journal in the world, and it says: — ' The Galley. Brand Whisky is a thoroughly well matured spirit, exceptionally mellow to-the taste, and, notwithstanding its ex cellent rich color, there is no residue, the mineral matter and fuse, oil 'are abso lutely nil. ' It is a highly healthy stimu lant.'— [Advt.1 The light of the : sun exercises a dele terious ~ effect on edge tools. Knives, dtilk, scries, ;i:id sickles assume a blue color if they are exposed for some time to the light and heat of the sun ; the sharp edge disappears, and the tool is rendered absolutely useless until it is retempered. Purchasers should be on their . guard against buying tools which, for show pur poses, have probably been exposed for days together to the glare of the sun. The unserviceableness of tools acquired under' these circumstances is generally wrongly attributed to bad material or in ferior .workmanship. Gilbey's O.E. Gin— Certified valuable r Kidney affections. 