W.C.T.U. " THB annual meeting of the Dubbo Branca of the W.C.T.Ü. was.held in St. Andrew's Sohool Hall on Friday awning. The at tendance was not large , .at the outset (owing to e number of other meetings, practica«, etc., being held on the same evening),.but increased later. The retiring \ President of the Brauchi(Mrs.. Heaydon) occupied the «hair, haying on her right 1 hand the visiting Australasian President (Mrs. E. W.'Nicholls), add was supported wtbe iplatfonm by >Mr«. Main (incoming President) Mrs. Wilson (Vjce-Presideut). Mrs. Doubleday> (acting secretary), and Mrs. Heans'. "Ot <er prominent members of the utíión had' seats 'immediately in front «of the'platform. .. The. meeting having been opened, in the .. nsual, wanner,tho President apologised fer tbV non-attendance of Ven. Archdeacon Wilson' (who was detained by slight ill ness); and'of Hers. J. T, Main uni W. . Stewart i (both' ^absent from town). ' Sh« said she specially regretted the absence of Archdeacon .Wilson, not only* because ike. had beea eo great a help to (ho branch and to herself as president ? during the eleven years Of her presidency, but it had been tit his instance that she was elected to <hs ch .ir; and' she would personally . have liked him to' have been present on the occasion of h:r relinquishing it. She then called on the acting secretary (Mrs. Doubleday) to read the annual report'. The' report stated that during the past year 19 business meetings had basa held, at which the average attendance hud been 10\. The annual meeting on .this océanien took the form of a " kaffee >klatch" or ? cdffeo supper in the Presbyterian School Hall on August 8. The-experiment 'proved very successful. On'tho Saturday «Vening . following, aa inaugural meeting to form a '' boys' club in connection with tho union was held ii the Temperance Halli Brisbane \- str et. There was a good attendance of inñuentú 1 townspeople, and at the close a number of boys entered their names ou the roll. The weekly' meetings had been, kept np ever since, with the exceptiou of a recess during the hattest weeks of the sommer. The club had sustained a çreat lossjio the departure of Mrs. Laverty,-who .. us superintendent and secretary worked ¿ard for its welfare. On tho occasion of ' the farewell tea meeting to the Rev. Mr. ? Laverty the boys took the opportunity of \- presenting Mrs. Laverty with 'a small token of remembrance, as did also the members of the W.C.T.U. Early in November, Mrs Nolan, Colonial President, paid Dubboa visit, and was ' welcomed by a drawing room meetiog given at Mrs. Heaydon's residence, and subsequently delivered an interesting lecture in the Wesleyan Sshool Hall. On November 19 the first entertainment in connection with, the Hoya' Club was given by its members in the Temperance Hall. From December to February the union \- went into recess, and the first event of importance after resuming work was the annual children's entertainment, given in the Presbyterian School liait on February 19, the proceeds of which were devoted to the carrying on of the Boys' lub. On March HO1 Mrs, Parker was appointed superintendent of the anti-gambl ing depart ment. Mrs. Stewart, wife of . the newly appointed Wesleyan minister, und formerly president of the Lithgow branch, was entertained at a Welcome social in the ; Wesleyan School Hall on the afternoon of April 27. Twenty members and several visitors assembled to do honour to the guest of the afternoon. 'Mrs. Stewart gave the members a cordial invitation to a ' drawing-room tneatingat the Wesleyan par sonage on .'June 8.- Seventeen members and three visitors responded, and a very i pleasant afternoon was. spent, during ' which a short address was given by the Hon. Joseph Cook, M.L.A. (then on a " Visit'to'Dubbo in the interests of the \- Federal Convention Bill). During fie ..year they hod gained six new members, and had only one departure to chronicle, viz., that of Mrs. Lavertj, to which refer ence hos been made. Mrs. Main, who' hod ? to faithfully curried oat the duties of treasurer, resigned that position on July 21, 1898, and Miss Connie Carr was elected to fill Uer pince. .Mrs. Main's resignation was accepted with much regret. The balance sheet as read by Miss C. \- Carr (Treasurer) showed receipts for year \- from all sources £13 15s i ld; to which had to be added credit balance £1 7s lld brought. forward, ia all £15 2s lld ; and a credit balance at dato of £2 11s was thus shown. The reports were received and adopted, 'the President then delivered her annual address, reviewing the work of the past year. ¡She said that on that occasion they were celebrating the 11th anniversary of the branch. She felt an interest in look ing into the past. Although there were so few there that night, - they had had ? many meetings during the post year at which they bad had good attendances. Their cause had for tts primary object the wel fare and happiness of hearths and homes.. If they were true and brave their efforts would prove a factor in brightening tbe dawn of the young nation's life. Over arched with the triune symbol, " For God, Home, and .Humanity,'' its course will not be as the evening Btar which sinks into the darkening west,'but as that of the morning which melts into the brightening of Heaven. On the eve of resigning her position os president of the union, it was with mingled feelings she glanced back along the avenue of the past ll years. Something had been attempted, something done by the faithful band of women who had enrolled here under the banner of the world's W.C.T.'p. In the light of the vast possibilities that have lain aro ind them they might have accomplished more, but let not this thought discourage them, but let it stimulate them'to fresh energy, until a burning enthusiasm for the welfare of those enslaved ones'around them, filled their heartB and fo'un'dN evidence in their ' lives. In conclusion, ''td sisters who had hitherto taken bo activé "port in their work, she-extended a loving invitation, " Come, and help us- Let your influence, time, and energy, animated by a woman's loving heart, be used ttf rescue, help, and bless those who crowd the pathway of life . enslaved by cruel sin, or from its effects are vainly endeavouring alane and weak to free themselves. Come, join in the crusade ; enrol yourselves at the close of this meeting.". She trusted their visiting sister Mrs. Nicholls, Australasian Presi dent, would be able to induce some to join their ranks that evening. She'could not . but feel very sorry that that was the hut anniversary over which she should, pre . side, and she prayed for the Divine bless ' ing on the incoming president, and hoped she and the onion wduld be : greatly favoured during the yeah Miss Heaydou, superintendent of "The White Eibbon Signal" department, re . ported that thora were SS tocal subscribers to that journal, which gave valuable and interesting áaformatioi. and helped for , ward -a noble cause ; and she asked fur . additional support therebq, The President was about to introduce the visitor of the evening (Mrs. Nicholls), when Mrs. Doubleday and. Mrs. Heans, on behalf of the branch, stepped forward, and reid a valedictory address to that lady (Mrs. Heaydon) as follows :-" Dear Mrs. Heaydon. We, the members of the Dabbo branch W.CT.U., desire to express our appreciation of the valuable services rendered by yob to the Branch since its :formalion- ll'yéars ago. Daring that period you have occupied the position of 'President with "honor «a yourself and profit to the causa we espouse. We regret that the state of yoai health requires yoi withdrawal from office, but we lire sui that, the welfare of the W.C.T.U, wi:i ev< have a warm pace'"in your heart 'I asking you to accept this small meinenti which accompanies this address, we wi« you to regard lt as-a -token of our persone affection, and of our estimation of you.« a worker in the great temperance re'.oria lion. With much love and esteem for yoi and y.iur respected - husband, we remait dear Mrs. lleaydon,on behalf of the Oublx Brauch of the W.C.T.U." ' A handsome silver teapot and, biscni barrel were,then hauded to Mrs. Heaydoi by the bearers of the address. Mrs. Heaydon,'who wus deeply afflicted said she could hardly expresa her feeling -her gratefulness and appreciation o their kindness. She had expected nothinf of the kind. She had done what she coull for the Union-but it was alabor' of 'love The work hod beeu,done purely forthelovi of it. Shu had done it, expecting nothing in return, As loni; as she shonld live sin would take an interest in tho work, und as loni; as she should live elie should als» value the present male that evening. She thanked thom very much indeed for.thc tasteful gift, and especially for the kind address, which she should prize above everything. (Applause. She theu introduced the Australasian President, Mrs. Nicholls, who was cordially received. Mrs. Nicholls said it g*vo lier great pleasure lo be there-especially at theil 'Anniversary. She -jould heartily congratu late them ou their success achieved during the p tat year, '¡ho \V;C. l'.U. iii Australia .generally was weil aware of the good worli doue by tho Dubbo branch. ' The Picsi dent herself was one who could not bide her light under a bushel, and was always regarded as one of the whole-hearted and most energetic sisters in the work. She (Mrs. Nicholls) could con^ratuhite her oa receiving that evening from her fellow members that marked token of affection and esteem. She congratulated them ou the work they had been enabled lo do ; and she hoped that very speedily Mrs. Heaydon would find herself stranger in physical health. No doubt, as the result of rest, she would bs able in thi future to take even a more active part, and would eventually, perhaps, fill in the Union a much higher sphere than that from which she was now withdrawing. (Applause). They could not spare their workers-till their divinely-appointed time came-they fa^d even now not enough to do the work ready to thoir hands. In com ing to Dubbo she (Mrs. Nicholls) had looked forward to tmeting au old friend in the cause in Mrs. Heaydon, for whom she had a very great respect as an ou'spoken, as well OB a whole-liear.tui work.T. They had met before, and had differed on very inporlant questions of administration, but this had not affected their affectionate relationship, v.oming to the detailB of the work done, she wai specially glad that thel cd Hoys' Club had been started. She had a warm corner iu her heart for the boys, the htile ones especially, and was glad the local Union hod taken, up the cause of that somewhat poor y treated portion of humanity. (Laughter). The average small boy was apt to be pushed rather in a corner-told to " get out of the way," and so on-and, indeed, somehow he had a knack of getting in the way (laughter)-because, perhapsjhe was not taught exactly what he should be. She wai tnerefore very glad that the Dubbo boys were being looked after. Aud she would have much 'pleasure in going un the next day to see the work done among them. (Hear, hear.) The Union hid a great work to do in the world. It had grown out of tho Women's .Whisky Cru sade iu America, On that crusade, the women set out fer the purpose of over throwing the liquor traffic. They thought they could do it by prayer, by song an 1 by pleading with the saloon-keepers to give np the business. Certainly they did much -some responded and gave up the trade. But then 'it was found that there were plenty more ready to step into their places. They tried to eave the slaves of drink. Well, some were saved. Hut the saloon had to have its victims ensnared. Back of the saloon-keepers was the license of Government, and back of the Government were the people who permitted the license to be given. If. they were going to get rid of the liquor traffic, they felt that to do so they would have to gradually under mine it until it should be overthrown. They could sot. continue to work on the old line, largely because the law would not allow it. So out of the Crusade grew the Women's Christian Temperance Union of the world, to work against the evil iu every possible way. It had gone on increasing in influence and power. It worked quietly but surely. It had now 200,003 members ; in addition, a large number of honorary ni eui be rs-chiefly men. They wanted mea to stand beside them, as men in America had done. Then they had in addition a number of sympathisers and adherents who hod not absolutely joined the organi sation, in addition they had their juvenile socio ies, bands of hope, and temperance societies. Australia had 70CIU members ind honorary members, and she hoped they would find a great iucreise in the returns th. s year. I he British Women's Temperance Union had been a great success, and had now 80,000 member«. As to this, they could only sav-?? What hath God wrought." Mrs. Nicholls then, at some l«ngth, spoke on the character of the organisation, taking in succession the four words of its title " Woineus' " " Chris tian " ." Temperance " " Union." She noted the fact that the Union and the Salvation Army came into existence at al most the same, time-from which fact they might gather something of God's purposes for this «ra. The two bodies had much iu -common, and each bad gives women of all classes and abilities and capacities excep tional opportunities for Christian' service. If women felt % call to speak for Christ publicly, she failed to see why they should not speak- iespite the dictum of SLiPaul, which had been much misunderstood, es pecially in view of the democratic .develop ments of the present day. p.e.mocracy whether they liked it or not-'had come td stay. It brought peculiar dangers with it, but these dangers were minimised by .the presence and operations of such organisa tions as the W.C.T.U. and the Salvation Army, which inspired the newly-enfvau chUed people with religious principles' and notable ideas and a love of. righteousness. Women workers now asked for the right to safeguard their principles at the ballot box. Then they had no class distinçtitns in their Union, if it were i society organi sation it would possibly be more popular and fashionable. But they were not care ful to answer in tHis matter. They had women of all classes, from the highest in social and intellectual culture to t'i'ose who could not write their own names ; but all unitedly and solemnly pledged to^fight the liquor traffic; Women had now a right to think for themselves-though only a few year« ago .t was thought enougy that they ehoald think as their husbands, fathers, brothers,.' or sons thought.- As to their Union, they did not «hoore their effie rs as figureheads, or from any defer ence to social position-or should not do so. It was their duty to appoint to office those who (apart from all other considera tions) would best fill the place, and best do the work which thu filling of it involved. As to their entering the temperance field, where already (it was sometimes enid) there were so many other otganisationa.'^heît only reason was that they believed God tad called the« society into existence. Hitherto there had been great difficulty in bringing the caner' of temperance right, into the home life, but their organisation 'toot that want. lt drovi- liquor from th" table, the kitchen, and eran from the sick room-it taught them «voa to ask the rJoctpr ordering alcohol if he could not order something better. But it was also a " Christian"" organisation-they did not believe that temperance or the temperance pledge could save. There was salvation in -i.o other name than that of. Jesus Christ. The drunkard could not be got to abstain except tn a higher strength than his own. Aa a Union, they recognised the full need of prayer and dependence on th« Holy Spirit, and they practically testified to this , in their meetiogs. Their noonday prayer ! might be said to be ceaselessly encircling ! the globe'; and no wonder, therefore, that their 'work wns -blessed and guided. It -was somewhat peculiar that in the Councils tof the Churches in each colony, wjuien had no place - though, admittedly, in thé' enatern c olonies ut least, they numbered two-thir IB of tho adherents of the Churches. Their Union loo, was Christian in the \- broadest sense, bhe had heard a whisper, indeed, taut some ministers were .«bout to .bring before thu governing cpancil of !tbeir Church, tho great danger to the religious world caused by thc* Ümoo, and would ask that the question of, fighting against the W.O.'l.U. be seriously considered-other wise the women would 1je forming another Church. Hut they (the Uniou) were never going to be safetied with a Church for women oily! (Laughter). And in any event they had no fear-for they believed their Union was under the protection of .tíod. »rs. Nicholle then glanced at her \ own personal association with the Union in South Australia There was admittedly no colony moro -o the lead in social reform, and for this they had largely to thank the growth of the ¡-i.A. Uuion. They were oc casionally told, indeed, thst they had got the wrong title-that they had entered on so many fields that they should be called the " Women's Social lieforui Union," But " I emperauce" covered a wide field of mean ing- from " toial abstinenc i " to " self-con trol," and " self-control " in its turn was of several kinds. They believed, with Cobden, that Temp rauce lieform lay at the root of all reforms. She quoted recent declara tions by Judge Docker on the mischief wrought by drink. It was urged that they could fight the liquor traffic individu ally and personally, without binding them selves in a Union. . Hut the trade itself did not work in that way-it was a mighty combination, practically federated throughout the colonies. She illus-! trated her point by several incidents occurring in recent political history. lt had actually been shown hy statements of its leading representatives that the ti ade was not dependent for funds ou Australia only, but was supported in its Cimpaigu ly English brewers and distillers. [She read printed circulars from the L.Y. Association that had been privately som round during thc recent New South Wales elections.] Therefore they would fight organisation with organisation. They would resort to moral suasion and to legal i suasion in its turu-aud this last was one reason why they wanted the vote for women. They were united for the protection of the homes of the country, and for the protection of other people hesi.les themselves. She concluded by refening to Whittier's lines on Miss Willard's bust at Chicago; by impressing on all members to wear continually the white ribbon badge and to do what they coul 1 for the emancipation of humauity f rp in the licensed iniquity of the liquor traffic and other evils. Miss Willard had been openly taunted with the fact that the men were on the side of the trade, and behind the men was the money, and that " money's a power-and don't you forget it." SUe (Mrs. Nicholls) could not do better than draw attention to the noble response-" The women are on the side of temperance, und behind the women is God -and f'od is a power and don't you »orget it!" (Applau e) On the motion of Mrs. Main, seconded hy Mrs Doubleday, a hearty vote of thanks by acclamation waa tendered to Mrs. Nicholls for her addre s. The vote was duly acknowledged by that lady, who in replying brought under notice the journal OUB FM>EBATiON-the Australian W.C.T.U. official publication. Duriug the evening son s were con- ; tributed by Mrs, Main and Miss Heaydon. The proceedings were closed with the Doxology and Benediction. OJ Saturday evening, Mrs. Nicholls, accompanied by Mrs. Heaydon, visited the Boys' Club at the Temperance Hall, where about 30 little lads were assembled. She inspected the boys at their " parlor games," and delivered an instructive address illustrated by anecdotes ; in the course of which she complimented the children and officers on the attendance, and the general decorum observed. A short programme of ! songs, recitations, ¿c., was rendered; and refreshments were afterwards served. On Sunday morning Mrs. Nicholls con ducted the service in the Wesleyan Church. Owing to the threatening character of the weather the attendance was only moderate. Mrs. Nicholls preached, |fluently and im pressively, from the text "Know ye not that your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost ?" She specially called on her hearers to consecrate their physical powers and attributes to the noblest purposes, and specially enjoined them to beware of the use of alcoholic stimulants, which it had been declared on the highest authority wero always dangerous and generally harm ful. Intheafternoon Mrs. Nicholls addressed the children of the united Presbyteriar and Wesleyan schools, ia St. Andrews' Presbyterian School Hall. The atten dance HOS again interfered with by the weather. She again spoke of the tempta tions of alcohol, and called on her youug hearerB to try to co- operate in the struggle against the great evils of the d iy, 