CHAPTER III. It was a wet, dismal night when Stephen traversed the cellars (there were three), carrying such comforts and necessities as he desired to while away the hours. He had been forbidden by Barbara to do any- thing more than think of the cellars until after 10 at night, when the servants would be in an upper story, and he had yielded to her commands, although he owned he would like to have ghost, curse, and all over by 10 o'clock, and be in an upper story, too. "Midnight hours are so confoundedly creepy," he had remarked, and had pre tended not to see Barbara s plain delight. At half-past 8 he had taken her down Mac- quarie-street to another doctor's house, where, she gave him to understand, she would he dancing "till all hours." It had struck him, however, that for a house in the throes of festivity the one at which he left his adopted cousin looked gloomy and poorly lit. He assisted her from the cab, carried her fan and cloak, and de livered her over to a housemaid. At 10 he was smiling in the darkness of his bedroom doorway. For on his way from the room he had heard a subdued whisper, and had stepped back. And there had sped past him a small flying figure in white ; a tip-toeing figure, laugh- ing giddily, and carrying fan, gloves, and cloak. At 11 Stephen was installed in the cellar. He had a lounge-chair, a stretch of carpet, a decanter and biscuit-barrel, a supply of tobacco, cigars, and a book— and a sword and revolver. At half-past the ghost came. There was a clanking of chains and a low, moaning and sighing to usher her in (she was a convict ghost, with un- undying grievance against every male Dale). Stephen started at the first clank of the chain, and pressed his hands over his eyes. The ghost came on. Her moans were low, the clank of her chain on the stone floor was horrible ; and by the time she had crossed the first cellar and stood within the doorway sounds as of cursing could be heard. At least Stephen supposed it to be cursing. He sat there a pitiable enough object, huddled up in his chair, his hands over his eyes, his breath coming in audible gasps. The ghost came on. She slid within the doorway and along the wall keeping away from the small circle of light the candle made, and yet advancing nearer and nearer towards Stephen. As if unable to bear the strain of things longer, Stephen sprang to his feet and made a rush to the door. The ghost clanked after him, moaning fiw to, and closed, adoof Wl^hS »ere*l*^9i«h' until that .Mi^f jhW^tittBed said faced calrnlv—such a little ghost, such a | ghastly small fact-, lil Ly great shining eves, — a ghost with a hood on her head ana a! garment of grey trailing on the ground, i J he chain hung trom her wrists. ! Jie faced her sternly. "Madam," he said, '"What does th:s ffiean?'' ) She cowered towards the wall, and raised her arm-; threateningly, lie, with a slight , movement, na.-.~d h s hard behind L:ci and brought ircm the table both revolver a:;'! sword. _ j "My curse—my ctsr-e." she began in a j s:r.g-*ir.g way. when her eyes fell oa his r v-*«;.-,nsI and" she ie.-gcr, i-o tremble. j "lie move tfcv curse. c.h sinful woman, iv< m cfi :i:e Dak.-, or 1 pull this trigger," j ct-.'ered Stephen. ¥ ! 7 ;>e ghost hesitated, and his hand j r:.-d. ( "7 he—the curst—is gone," faltered the ; g.'. .Me;,her: stretched out his arm, and * the joint •:! the -word lay on the ghost's j si.'.uider. "Kemove thr hatred,"' said Stephen, '"arid—and let it give place to love." It v.c- certainly a very peculiar order to give to a ghost, but he delivered it tcn c~:ly and smilingly. 7 be ghost covered up her face. "I—I Late- you," she said. "You have found me j out. I Late you." Stephc-a threw down both sword and re volver, and stretched out his arms, "•sheet Barbara, what have I done to earn so dee:.' a hatred " Yo:i—you look down on me because I'm not a Dale.'"' she said. "I want to make you one!" "You Lave never made me a friend—you hue,;- always treated me as if I were a child," she said, and held her head high. "I would rather die than marry you." "Come and sit down," said Stephen, "and I will tell yoa a story—shall I?' She nodded, half-elated, half-nervous, and Eat down on his lounge chair. "J hare never told vou about my ten years in the South Seas because you seemed a little girl to me. But I had them, all the same. Oat there there was the most beautiful woman I ever saw." Barbara started to ber feet. Her eyes were very wide open. "You loved her,' she said, btephen nodded. "You—you married ber," she added. "I married her," said Stephen. The girl's chest heaved. "And she died three months after," added the man. "Killed by the jealousy of another woman." "Another woman loved you?" echoed Barbara. •Stephen nodded. "And what did she do?" asked the girl. "Drowned herself." There was sadness in his eyes and voice. The little ghost crossed the cellar floor. She slipped ber arm through his, and looked into bis face. "Poor old Stephen." she whispered, "I ,—I beg your pardon. "What for, little girl?" "I did not think yon had been living. I—I—I thought you were a dreamer. And two women have died for love of you?" She rubbed ber cheek on his sleeve. "You're sure they're both dead?" "Dead, mv darling, these nine years." She raised her face. "And you love little me? I am only twenty, and very silly.' "I want you just as you are, little girl, and I want to carry you over the world and show you things." "But—we won't go where those other women were," she said. 