Chapter XLII ' Why do you suppose this man came to look for me?' 'To get influence or money, on threat of mentioning that he was the late Lady Leigh's stepson. He knew you would be ashamed of him, my lord. But I think the poor fellow will trouble you no more—he is mad. I hid him with my sister to keep a talk about your family from spreading.' Lord Leigh paced the room. ' Adam, I thank you ; you are faithful. I have now, more than ever, reason to wish to know that all is right in regard to me and my estates. If there is one thing I cherish, it is my title, my Leigh blood. And now, Adam, I am glad to tell you that I hope my earldom is to have an heir, of my own line, and Colonel Hartington's boast may cease— ' Oh, my lord ! my lord !' cried Adam, with emotion, dropping on his knees and kissing his master's hand, 'surely I wish yon joy, and may Heaven be good to you, and to yours to the latest generation. Oh, now, my dear master, you will cease being moody and unhappy, and you will need no excitement, but you will find your happiness, as your father did, in building up the estate for your heir.' 'Thank you, Adam,' said Leigh, much touched by this devotion ' I will do the best I can, though I feel a curse is on me. My blood, Adam, is not all Leigh.' ' And this man Kemp shall stay where he is?' 'I think, Adam, that in a fort- night or so, when it is not likely that Margery will connect the change with me, I will arrange to have you take him to a private asylum in Scotland.' Now, indeed, Leigh breathed more freely. The terror of a crime was lifted from his spirit, though a few days after the insane man managed to escape from Margery. The wish of his heart wan gratified, when he could tell Colonel Hariingion his hope of an heir. The summer sped. The guests were nearly all gone from the Towers. Mrs Ainslie, with great self-importance, remained. Her own house, children, servants, must get on as best they might; she could not leave her dear niece, the countess. Henry Ainslie came up from London to see his niece; and after long entreaty, Violet secured from him and her aunt a promise that, if no more brilliant match offered in the en- suing season, Anna might be free to accept Captain Gore. Lord Leigh relapsed into daily deepening gloom. He said no unkind word to Violet; he was polite, inquired after her health, told her to have, and do, and be just whatever she chose ; but he kept his own rooms and the lib- rary, or wandered over the es- tates, and was often absolutely silent during a whole meal. ' The thought of the child upheld Violet. There would at last be a love wholly hers, to which she could deliver herself with intense, unselfish devotion. She planned to remain at the Towers, and give up most of the time to the ab- sorbing, blessed duties of a mother. Mrs Ainslie had secured a nurse for the heir. She was a stout, elderly-looking woman, with a wig of light hair under an ample cap, very dark skin, thick fair brows, and wearing spectacles of a pale- grey glass. ' Who is the woman, aunt ?' asked Violet anxiously. ' Mrs Dawson .' ' And who recommended her to you ?' ' A friend of mine, a very sen- sible person. Violet, you should not be so headstrong. You should leave these things to me, as I am a person of large experience.' ' But I feel as if some terrible trouble might come to us through the nurse,' urged Violet. 'That is all nervousness. This Mrs Dawson is very competent; and if anything can counter-bal- ance your folly in insisting on nourishing the child yourself, having her will do it. I shall have her waiting in the village.' ' She shall not enter the house till the child is six weeks old, and I am able to superintend her,' said the little countess, contuma- ciously, and went off to comfort herself by sending one hundred pounds each to Dame Margery and to comely Mary Miller, who had solaced her in her wander- ings . There came a warm, ripe, glow- ing October day, when the earth was steeped in sunshine, and leaf, and blade, and tree gave out rich, balsamic odours, when suddenly from the high towers of the church at Leigh broke forth a jubilant ringing of bells. The cottage people crowded to the doors, and smiled and nodded to each other: ' There is a child at the Tow- ers ' 'There's a son,' said the women, heartily. ' God bless the little earl !' There came for Violet a season of rest and peace. In the infant, Rupert, the errors and neglects of his father were forgotten. Leigh was delighted with his heir, and appeared to love the child fondly. It was a mid-February night, and the little countess could not sleep. The babe was in deep slumber. Violet finally arose, put on her dressing-gown and slip- pers, and wandered out into the dimly-lighted corridor. Violet, led by some fascination of half- terror, glided like a little white ghost, in her trailing robe of snowy cashmere, and moved along the gloomy lower hall. The lib- rary door opened from the darkest part of this hall, and suddenly Violet realised that across the floor of the library lay a band of livid light. Gliding noiselessly to the door of the library, Violet saw that the light fell from the door of a large inner closet, which she had but once or twice seen open, but which contained, in drawers and on shelves, the private papers of the house of Leigh for many gener- ations—letters, copies, journals all filed, and each receptacle labelled and dated. She thought of this in a flash, as she saw the light streaming redly in the library from the door ot this closet, which stood less than half open. Also it occurred to her that ordinary robbers would be at the plate- closet, or at the great safe. Straight to the invaded closet silently moved the slender, girl- like form in white, with the silken masses of brown hair falling over her shoulders. A lamp with a double burner stood upon a shelf. A drawer, marked '40—50,' was near the lamp, and was open. Be- side it, intent on running over a bundle of papers in her hand, was the head nurse. Violet knew the long, striped, flannel wrapper, yet what a change had passed over her. Gap, wig, and glasses were gone; so were the thick, light brows. In a word, this midnight searcher into family secrets, this felon, brought from the lips of the horrified Violet the cry : 'Helen Hope !' Helen dropped the letters, wheeled about, faced Violet. ' Move or speak, and you die !' She had a small, shining pistol in her hand. Violet remembered that the heavy door of the closet had no handle on the inside. With a sudden movement she shut the door. The closing of the door left Violet in utter darkness. She had by her swift motion taken her life in her hands, and could hardly realise that she was safe, and Helen was a prisoner in the strong closet. She had made her a prisoner; what should she do with her ? Violet stood cold and trem- bling for a few minutes, and then went up to the servants' gallery, and tapped at Adam Moreland's door. The old man was wakeful, and he was in his dressing-gown and beside her in the hall in an instant. ' My lady, what is it ?' ' Adam, did you ever see a woman named Helen Hope ?' ' Yes, I know of her, my lady.' ' She is Lord Leigh's enemy, is she not?' ' I fear she has much cause. She is a dangerous woman.' ' Adam, she has been here in disguise as Mrs. Dawson.' Then she briefly told the story of her midnight fright and of her prisoner. ' ' My ladys be sure she was look- ing among my late lord's papers for something to injure Lord Leigh. I make no doubt she has, for re- venge, gone over to Colonel Hart- ington's party to try and harm my lord and his son. She has come for that. She had the keys.' 'I saw a small bunch of keys by her.' 'Well, my lady, we must get her out, and search her for papers. She must get none away. Then what?' ' I can tell you better after that. Come with me, Adam.' Violet returned to the library, and called, through the closed door : ' Helen ! I am here with Adam Moreland, and you are my prisoner.' 'Understand,' said Helen, in a clear voice, ' If you open the door, to give me up for a felony, I shall put this bullet through my heart when you touch the handle of the door.' ' Adam,' said Violet, ' I cannot have this woman's death on my hands. Bemember, she has been wronged.' ' Will you promise not to harm yourself if we agree to let you go, Helen?' she asked through the door. ' Yes.' 'You will put that weapon in the drawer, and shut the drawer before we open this door—on your oath?' ' Yes, on my oath.' ' But you must be searched for papers, Helen, aud take your oath that you have no papers and no copies.' Helen was silent. ' Consider, it you refuse, I am compelled to send for the officers, aud give you your choice between arrest for a felony, or death by your own hand, if you insist upon preferring it.' ' I promise,' said Helen. ' There are no papers that I care for. I did not find what I wanted.' Violet opened the door, and she and Helen stood facing each other. ' Victory is yours, Lady Leigh,' said Helen, scornfully. ' Helen, I haye never been un- kind to you; why are you my enemy ?'said Violet, earnestly. ' You are his wife.' Violet sighed. ' Your husband has deceived, wronged, mocked, scorned me,' said Helen, hotly;' and you know the words : Hell has no fury like a woman scorned.' Violet could not prevent the rising of a heavenly pity in her innocent heart, as sho looked at the pale, contorted, and passionate face before her ; she herself knew so well the pain of wounded love. 'Helen, I know you have been wronged; from my soul I pity you. But now you know that none of us can right this wrong. It is too late. I pray yon Helen, lay aside passion and revenge, and forgive my husband.' 'Never! till I die—till we both die!' cried Helen. 'I remember,'said Violet, urg- ing her gentle plea, ' that you said you hated me, and would bring woe on me, my husband, and my child. For that end I know you have come here. Did you deceive my aunt, Helen? She did not know ?' ' No,' said Helen, with a hard laugh. 'I merely recommended to her a nurse of my acquaint- ance.' 'You deceived me. I did not know you.' Again the hard laugh. ' A man in Paris, whose trade is to aid rogues, made me up in this way for the sum of six pounds. But I so hated the spoiling of my beauty that I took the liberty at night to be myself.' ( Did you come here just to seek papers that you hoped would harm Lord Leigh.' 'I can hardly tell what I wanted,' burst forth Helen. ' Yes, I wanted to search for papers, when I picked from servants' gossip where things were kept. But I wanted to be near him—to watch him—to hear his voice. Oh, strange infatuation for him that I scorn myself for, and can- not conquer! I thought, perhaps, I might find evidence to put him in my power, and perhaps then I might have been tempted by satan to kill you or the child. Who knows? Such things happen, and human beings have become de- mons. Oh, where did I get this cruel, fierce, hideous volcano heart? And you and Edna are so different ; like angels in compari- son with me.' She flung herself on the floor, and wept and sobbed, bringing tears to the eyes of the countess and Adam. What a pitiful, per- verted, stormy soul this was. Violet knelt by her, and touched her hand. (to be continued.) 