The Pa P5'a bed att a Elscffasre. Mr. John Thorps Rallies io the tVIayor and ' The Argus.' Mr. John Thorpe addressed the ratepayers of Pnrramatta, particularly of Gove Ward, at the Cornstalk Hotel, on Wednesday evening, to reply to the Mayor and to The Akgos. Mr. W. H. Neich presided at the meeting, which was well attended, Mr. Thorpe said, after opening in a few pre fatory remarks, that he was forced to refer to a couple of paragraphs which had appeared ia the Mayor's special pleader and bottle holder — Ihe littlo Augus of Parraraatta. He called tho paragraph about the tap-room a poisoned dagger-stab. Of course a number of persons who read The Arqds, had a horror of all who frequented ' taprooms.' That was meant to captivate them. But it was grossly unfair. He defied anyone to prove that he frequented taprooms. Further, ho had never used taproom gossip in his public utterances ; and he hoped that that reply of his would be accorded as much prominonoe as the offensive paragraphs had been given. As to the other pfti'ngraghs ; ftbout ...tho. --- ??§&[£ nU(jit '—that 'was.a gross noel, and ii had twice as much poison in its- dagger as the other had. He would make this challenge to the little Anaus, that if they could bring one reproach against his business and social relations, he would give £5 to the Hospital, provided they had backed themselves for £2 to convict himof such. It was said he had made wild charges in connec tion with the-special audit. He made charges against no one. He asked for the audit in a proper and fair manner ; and 04 reputable citi siens signed the petitionfor that audit. Although all those petitioners were the persons applying, it was now sought to cast all the responsibility for the audit on himself. It had suited ' tho Town Hall brigade ' g? *? 3o, NQ^RB.toWfr. Mnr.h&ni5s; 'late tiracli?.- He tenrcl about one- third of Mr. Moxham's speech last week. Mr. Moxham said that the ' little works near Manchester ' had gone bung, not so much becauso of competition, as 'because Thorpe had had something to do with it.' The works were in existence 50 years before Mr. Maxhnm was born ; and were in existence now, and no doubt would be in existence when the . name of ' Moxham ' was forgotten. Tho. purport of the Mayor's remarks last week was that he (Mr. Thorpe) had accused him of having sticky fingers. He made no charge against Mi. Moxham. Ho never alluded to Mr. Mox ham as having anything to do with the 'sticky finger' business. He had said that Mr. Mox ham was an ' innocent tool ' in tho hands of the people who might be proved to have sticky fingers when the big sum of money, £24,000, was being handled. Once again,' as to tho Mayor and his littlo special pleader and tho ' audit ' ghost. Mr. Moxham had said that the special audit had cost £1428. That state ment was like most of Mr. Moxham's figures. The bargain was, tho speaker believed, con cluded for £700, although it was far too much to have gone to theso dead-beat auditors, or pretended auditors (for they were not auditors at all). That £700 was earned in Love's buggy. (Laughter.) The Council voted the £700, but tho speaker protested against the payment and voted against it. The arrange ment was made, and it was brought to the Council, and Love's ' semaphores ' hold up their hands— men who had been thore for years, to hold up their hands at tho bidding of ' the Town Hall brigade.' The speaker had been told that £84 had been paid since. But they had'been told also that £700 was to bo the price of that ' abortion ' — the special audit ; and if Goro Ward returned the speaker, tho latter would make an inquiry into that £84. It was said that the men opposing the mayoral policy at this election had decided to run a certain man for the chair, should they come into power; and would vote that man a salary. The speaker denied that he was ono of those who desired to put any certain man in tho chair and give him a salary. The speaker did not wish to be considered a prophet ; but ho believed that the day would come when the young intelligences of Parramatta would say 'It was true what old Thorpe said, that that was a job — that raising of tho Waterworks wall, at a cost of £3444.' The speaker never did believe in the great profit sajjj tp be made out of tho water. There was a reserve fund that ought to be on one side, of, £12, 000 ; and ho did not believe that the borough had ono shilling of a sinking fund put by to renew the ' wear and tear ' of the water-supply plant. If returned, ho would try to get the ' bogus roll ' prepared for each election, reformed. A voice below asked Mr. Thorpe why he did not remedy the bogus-roll matter, at the Eevision Court ; and Mr. Thorpe said that that court was all over in about five minutes. It was like a prayer-meeting, and if one was not ait fail with the business, the opportunity for remedying the evil slipped by too quick. Proceeding with his address, Mr. Thorpe said no doubt many of them read The Argus ; and he was glad of it, for at times there was something good in that papor. But those who read the report of Mr. Moxham's speech would remember that a portion of that speech was en tirely loft out. It had reference to the ' white elephant '- tho Baths — which Mr. Moxham referred to in his address as a 'necessary evil.' It did not suit the bottle-holder and special pleader of the mayoral party to report that. 'Why ? The truth was,' that to have re ported Mr. Moxham as saying that would have offended another wing of the Town Hall brigade. Said the special pleader, .'It'll not do to mention that, and offend another mem ber of the brigade.'' So it was kept severely out. That was what the speaker called unfair journalistic reporting. He hoped The Augos would report those remarks of his to-n?ght. In an appeal for greater purity in connection with the eleotipns, Mr. Thorpe mentioned that there were 93X votes for .Gore Ward, where there ought to be only 420. In one family that ougut to have three votes, tea were allowed. . ; . ?. 'r. Tliorpo denied also that he had said that the sewerage connections would be likely to cost from £20 to £40 per house. He had said from £15 to £25. The criticisms to which he was treated were too often one-third true, and two-tbirds falso. * : Mr. Thorpe finally dared tha ' Supreme Court' once more, and accused one, of the Mayor's 'bottle- holders' — mentioning the man's name— of sitting in the Council and voting, and yet drawing revenue from tho Council in connection with certain work exe cuted in his sister's name. If the speaker was not speaking the truth, let the man referred to servo him with a writ in the porning. Then, as to Mr. J.--E. Kelly, who/'at the Mayor's meeting, had said that the man who had made a certain statement was nothing but a fool. If Mr. Kelly was one o£ Purramatta's wise men, the speaker was content !° **?*& «??..' ft ?ooL' 