(OA'S SWANS. "The most tiresome creatures in the world are other people's swans," said Angela. "Of course it is the other people who make them tiresome." "In themselves they are oftgn quite harmless. I should not like to be someone else's swan. The position draws attention to your shortcomings." "My cousin Ida, the one who lives, in Germany, has;just been over here.- She brought a swan with her. We had to entertain him, and now Edward says- he will never have one in the house again: His name-was Isidore Katzenstein, and he, was Ida's very "best musical swan. She said it would be such a pleasure for us to have him in the house,' and -she hoped he would , not object to -our plasno and our English ways. Edward said he hoped not too. We are both fond" of Ida, and we don't mind her talking nonsense because we know she can't help it' ' I believe we should have liked Herr Katzenstein if he had not been a swan. He played the piano very well, but not better than Paderewski or Rubinstein. At least that is •ur opinion. Ida.' says "you can't have an opinion about music in this climate, and that in Germany no one would look at any other musician if Herr SSaizensteln was in the room. He is an undersized young jnan»- with rather good features, a curious twist in his walk, and a very ordinary bead of hair. Tou have only to look at his hair to know "that he never could set up._as a first class musician. Brit Ida says^ that in Germany he is considered irresistible, and that every'woman he meets - loves him to distraction. When he had stayed with us two days she asked ine- quite anxiously whether I preferred him to Edward yet I said I was sure I sliould soon if only he would play the piano' in his coat. • Because that very afternoon Mis Dallas had called and had found him in his shirtsleeves playing the "Walkurenritt," with a cigar in his mouth and a soda tumbler full of lager beer at his side. It was Ida's fault. After lunch she invited him to play,- and said I should not mind at all if he smoked and took off his coat; and the lager beer;she poured out with her own hands. - -She always waits on her swans. "Now he will feel at home," she whispered to me. "I am so anxious for him to take back a pleasant impression of England." Then Mrs Dallas called, and I got up to welcome her, and Ida came towards us with a face like a tragic mask and said Herr Katzenstein never allowed anyone to speak while he was playini Mrs Dallas thought I had two lunatics with me. She doesn't care for music, and while Herr. Katzenstein thundered out the "Walkurenritt" he sang it too— with the cigar in his mouth—and Ida joined in. . "Why do they whoop like that?" Mrs Dallas whispered, but I dared not answer. I was afraid Herr Katzenstein would stop playing and run out of the room; in a rage. Ida says he makes a point of doing so in Germany if anything annoys him. We were really better amused by last year's bird, an odd little "scientific" doctor. "I asked Ida what the qualification meant in this case, and she said that Dr. Tomsk did not practise. He wrote pamphlets about his great discoveries; and sometimes, in a light, lazy mood, he wrote novels and poems. She said he would be an improving friend- for Edward, and that he had promised to drop in at three to-morrow afternoon, and that we might possibly persuade him to stay "to dinner, "I-shall be out to-morrow afternoon," said Edward. "I have an appointment." 'Can't you put it off?" urged Ida. "Br Tomsk might be offended if you were not here to receive him. He is a very busy man." "So is my dentist," said Edward, "and may appointment is with him." Ida thinks Edward rather "flippant sometimes. She is always very solemn about her swans.' She went on to tell, us that Dr. Tomsk has been born, in Germany, and brought up In most of the countries of' Europe, and"that each one in turn had helped to furnish and decorate his extraordinary mind. • - So, of course, I felt very much afraid of .entertaining him, until F remembered that he was a. swan.'' - ,. Whin he arrived I knew that, whatever his mind was", it could not be as extraordinary as his looks and manners. Tou have seen pictures of a ghost made of a turnip set on a draped broomstick. His head was just that shape, and his eyes were round, and liis nose an irrelevant'dab of putty, and his clothes grotesque and flyaway. But he was very good-humored and friendly, and when he had been about twenty- minutes in the house he sat down on the hearthrug and read Schiller's poems to Ida and me. The poems seemed to excite him, and he soon got up and began to jtear about the room, and Ida . said. • my 1 chairs • and little tables were in his : way. So we. moved them. - as quietly as we could, and when Edward-came in he asked if we had been dancing; By this time it was dusk; and Dr. Tomsk, who is rather deaf and half blind, did not notice Edward,- -and suddenly came at him out of a corner-and said to him' in a loud, resounding voice, "Aueh ich war in Arkadien geboren," and Edward-was quite startled and knocked down a Salviati glass and broke it. But he owned wher. Dr. Tomsk had gone that he certainly had an extraordinary mind. "It is like that old furniture shop you haunt," he said to me, "crowded and hugger-mugger and out of hand. He is an entertaining ass, but we might easily have too much of him." We did. I. believe Ida's next swan will be a woman. She is full of an incomparable person called Amalie Boll. In my house affairs go a little wrong sometimes; we are not exempt like Amalie Boll, from the ills of life or from its expenses. I can blunder; she cannot. The people who serve me sometimes serve me badly. She only employs experts- She' denies herself nothing, and, most miraculous of all, she spends nothing. "But how does she manage it?" I asked. "She is the most shrewd and capable of women,"'said Ida^Sf . " „ :- "Amalie Boll," confided-Edward to .me, later, ; "I met her last time I went'to Eberheini; a gabbiing; conceited, managing woman, dressed in green plaid; with yellow stripes. She told me it was- a real Rob Roy tartan. The kind of woman Who will advise you and inform you about everything under the sun—incorrectly. I dined at her house. -There were caterpillars in the cauliflower. ' I remember, because she made such a fuss when she noticed that I didn't eat the cauliflower. I said I would rather not, and she was quite seriously offended. I couldn't help it. I hate caterpillars." If Ida offers to bring this lady with her next summer Edward and. I have made up our minds to say that out second spare room is otherwise engaged. Edward says he can always use it for carpentering, and I really think that I would rather see shavings and sawdust there than Amalie Boll. Because after speaking to Edward about her I looked at her photograph in Ida's album, and I can quite believe what Ida suggests/ that she would find fault with me and ail my ways, and make no bones about saying so. "Tour, house is very pretty," my cousin admits, "and your dinners are too; but it would shock Amalie Boll to see how little time you devote to your household duties. - She is in her kitchen the whole morning, and every scrap of food in the house is under lock and key; in the afternoon, assisted by a dressmaker who only charges eighteenpence a day, she makes her clolhes, and I assure you they look as i£ they came straight from Paris. In the "evening she goes with her husband to a beer garden, or the theatre, or to visit friends, but never without her knitting. She is a pearl amongst women?' Nevertheless, Edward and I maintain that we shall prefer sawdust to pearls if we are driven to make a choice next cummer. —Mrs Andrew Dean, in "West- minster Budget." 