OUR LÔNDONJLETTER. [FROM OUR OWN COItHKHPONDtîNT.I LONDON. September 3, The changes in the Transvaal situation during the last few weeks have been so kaleidoscopic that it would be SID easy task to correctly describe them. Happily, It is unnecessary to attempt to do so, us we are on the eve of a decision which will come pets settlement one way of the other. The studied insolence of the last Boer despatches plainly indicates that British patience is misunderstood The Cabinet methods, and that alone would be sufficient to indicate that the time for in conclusive negotiations on the franchise is over. Ministers would not be summoned back to London on the first flush of their holidays unless there was grave work to be done All this we see the Colonial Secretary y has been at his office, and his staff have been working night and day. The military heads of the War Office have held repeated conferences and ever thing suggests the idea that the moment is near when, to use Mr. John Morley's words, the war fiend w lllcxpunditsv» lugs. That melancholy, political Jet natal has once more emerged fi em his retirement at Hawarden to don the prophetic mantle. He pre- dicts every imaginary calamity from the impending war except the defeat of the British forces, but, he shudders at the dread consequences of victory. He admits that the Boeisaie "pig headedollgaichs," that they deny British subjects their rights, and that it is necessary to secure refer ing, but when it comes to the enforce- ment of remedies he has nothing better to recommend than thriccrclteratcd patience, and throws up his hands in honor at the idea of war. "Mr Facing Both Ways" is not a character held in high esteem by Englishmen of any pin to Mr. Asquith, Q C , Is woman of Alciner (line. He, too, has been flying to reassure the Liberal conscience, but he has too keen an appreciation of Ministerial responsibility not to recognise that it would be both foolish and dangerous for an outside! to meddle in eil Heal and delicate negotiations and pronounce a judgment, upon half done work. It is a pity that his example of reticence and moderation was not imitated by Mr. John Morley. Public opinion in this country at last perceived that the real point at issue in the long protracted controversy Is shall ( British supremacy in South Africa be j maintained Ï If that is abandoned, then , the foundation of our policy in that terra , tory will have been sapped, by the teeth , of sharp warnings the Boers persist in their defiant attitude. It now rests with the paramount Power to prove that there is no room for any new "Sovereign Inde ] pendent State. The impudent demand | or explanations as to the mobilisation of , British troops on the Transvaal frontier , is in itself a proof that the Pretoria of again thy intend to press their pretensions to " international sovereignty. Among civilised sovereign States it is generally ] the prelude to war. It is to be hoped that the Boers have counted the cost. They have been plainly warned by Lord Sales ¡ bury that if Great Britain has to make < exertions," our demands will not be t limited to the Bloemfontein minimum, 01 t even to the existing Com entions It seems L almost incredible that any patriotic states A man, even of the mental calibre of ] Oom Paul, could bring such inevitable > trouble upon his country. But the Inflated ] vanity of the Boers is almost past j belief. It may, however, be gauged by the following remark uttered vv within the last , few hours by an influential Prctoilau J official, as he is reputed to be an enlightened , man "Don't worry," he said, "we've j licked the English twice already, an I we li j give them such a (logging this time is it they never got." With such men per c abusive tactics are useless, nothing out at the stern logic of hard facts will bring r them to reason. All preparations for the despatch of expeditionary forces from Britain and India are ready, and the forces already in position in South Africa are ( supposed to bcquitcablctoholdtheßocisiu , check until the main body of troops arrive t The tragic comedy at Rennes Is drawing is to its close. The evidence has been con , eluded, the Government Commissary has ¿ summed up, and the counsel for the ( defence are now speaking A verdict, big , with the fate of France, is on the eve of ( delivery. 'The Dreyfus case has been a useful in surprises, but the dev clements ( this week have been more remarkable than ever Apparently the evidence, which has been absurdly multiplied and ( protracted, was exhausted, and everyone ( counted on a verdict ere this The generals, however, have suddenly changed , their plan of attack. They have been ( driven into their last entrenchments, and are now resorting to a policy of despair. It seems almost certain that their new , tactics will complete their men. Hitherto | all attempts to introduce foreign evidence on behalf of the accused have been stopped by the plea that the matter is one that concerns Frenchmen alone. "The , foreigner has been ever suspect, even at aches and ambassadors being pronounced untrust 01 thy by the great military chiefs. , Now, at the eleventh hour, the generals after a secret conclave c, eagerly sought the , aid of one of the most grotesque of even , M. de Beaurepaire melodramatic witnesses. They persuaded Colonel Jonuust | to call a crazy Aus tin can officer, a political advert to cut down on his luck, named { CcrnuHchi, who claims descent from the , old Servian Czars, but who in Vienna is pronounced to be half a madman, and a wholly untrustworthy. If he was relied ; upon to deal the long looked for cotty, du . manner he has served his friends badly, for A if he has " poisoned ' anyone It Is the , General Staff and not Captain Dreyfus " His appearance is not Indicative of loyal | uneasily. He resembles one of Ibsen's . ghosts, his gait is slouching and lies! j tating, and even his eyes seem to lack telligence. He was not sworn, but was allowed to give his evidence under con- j dillons enabling him to escape the , punishment for penny. He declared that on his in rival in Paris in 1894 he was warned by a high official in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of one of the central European Powers that he must bow are of four persons in France, who were in the pay of v serious foreign countries and the first of these four was Dreyfus. Later | on a general staff officer of one of the foreign Powers had confirmed this intelligence, and had shown him French mill taty documents of the highest importance which he had just received from Dreyfus Two day later this officer had quitted Paris | in haste, and shortly afterwards Dreyfus was arrested. Ceiuuscht refused to give a the name of the officer in open court, and though his examination has been since , conducted in secret session nothing has transpired respecting his revel actions, but no one attaches any credence to them. | The importance of the incident lies in the fact that the introduction of foreign ; testimony enabled M Labors to retort in kind. He has appealed to the Kaiser and King Humbert to allow the late military attache of the German and Italian Cm huskies to testify whether they received the information recorded in the honUreati at all, and, if so, whether they obtained it from Dreyfus's Ester hazy, or from some ; other person. The French Government, not unnaturally, declined to bring diplomacy to beat for the settlement of a point of criminal law, and this probably explains the refusal of the court martial to afford the prisoner's counsel any assistance in this direction, but no objection was raised to the reception of the evidence of the military attaches if they can be induced to offer it. from reasons of public policy they are | naturally reluctant to appear at Rennes, where they would be liable to insult, and I perhaps worse. It would have occasioned no surprise had the rulers of the two coun- to les concerned absolutely refused to permit their attaches to intervene at all. As you know, the Governments both of Ger- many and Italy have long since given , official assurances; that they had no relations with Dreyfus, and that whoever was the traitor It was not he They feel deeply offended at the disregard of their assurances For reasons of State the Kaiser has already rejected an appeal based upon grounds of humanity, even when urged upon him by his own wife. His memorable reply, "For me humanity ends at the Vosges,' offered little hope that he would allow anything to be added to the case gorical declaration already made by Count von Bulow and Prince Munster, But, it has been unnecessary for either Germany or Italy to further define their attitude, as Colonel Jonaust assumed the grave re- sponsibility of refusing to take the evidence of the attaches by commission He assigned no reasons. His decision may imply a preconceived resolution to convict, but it may also be accepted as an indication that the Couitulicudy substantially holds the view that Colonels Schwartz Koppen and Puniivardl would enforce A few hours will show. Should a conviction follow the refusal to heal the foreigners way influence the appeal. I have indicated more than once the prejudiced attitude of the President of the court martial. Most of his colleagues bit motionless and silent, scarcely deigning to evince any interest in the proceedings, except upon rare occasions. Their demeanour has given rise to the suspicion that their minds were made up from the first. But Colonel Jonaust has been aggressive throughout, and as the trial has I progressed, and the difficulties of the General Staff became more acute, his behaviour has become more and more partisan. Over and over again he has interfered to protect his friends and stopped the cross examination directly its dangerous character became apparent. For a long time, doubtless, from tactical reasons M. Ijnbori endured line to cut ment., but luckily the ferocity with which the generals are prosecuting the vendetta seems to have convinced him that nothing was to be gained by exhibiting generosity towards the military chiefs This has brought him into acute antagonism with them, and with the President. A great deal of temper has been exhibited on both sides. Some measure of in station may be put doned in a man circumstanced us M. Labor! is, and who still suffers much pain from the bullet lodged in his dorsal muscles. There is a petty graft associated with the generals proceedings which is particularly exasperating to a straight forward advocate anxious concern specific ease They always keep a caid secreted up their sleeve They have or profess to have, still another death of Incriminating documents at the War Office It was evidently not intended to produce this, had to hold it over for future eventualities, possibly to be able to be used in the event of an acquittal 01 appeal. Possibly, also, it may need to be "ameliorated,' to adopt General Gonse's expression when referring to Henry's motive for introducing his forgery into the Dreyfus dossier. In this connection It must not be forgotten that Gucnec, a secret agent, recently testified that "in the War Ministry we can manufacture a similar with the greatest ease. We can imitate anybody's vv rating." Labor 1, at for warning the Court that he already had accumulated 27 good grounds of appeal, and did not wish the judges to increase the number by fresh Instances of arbitrary Intervention, forced General Gonso to make a shocking report of himself. This egregious poison admitted that Esterhazy had been suspected to be the author of the highlands, but that the General Staff considered it impossible to in investigate the question, because Dreyfus had been condemned upon that docu racing. It was well that the judges should hear such evidence from the lips of a great military chief, for they would be lieve it from no others General Billet said practically the same in a speech in the Senate in 1867, but the words never reached the public, as he struck Hu m out when revising the official proofs. But General Goose had also to admit that he had included in the dossier a lying account of an interview he had had with M Hada murd, a cousin of Captain Dreyfus It also transpired that though he considered it consistent with military honour to fabricate false evidence respecting the morality of a brother officer, he did not regard it as his duty to include in the desire Information received from the French Ambassador at Rome, to the oflectthat Esterhazy had received 200,000 ft area from an Italian military attache. In a similar encounter General Roget was badly mauled in connection with his suspicious relations with Esterhazy, whom he now declares to be "a man of straw and an "increase sensible individual.' General Roget audaciously suggests that Esterhazy is a "mere dummy, set up to draw away suspicion from Dreyfus. He bases this extraordinary theory upon Estcthazy's avowal that he wrote the bordereau, which, says Roget, is impossible In the Esterhazy and Zola trials the i dummy " was still an honoured son of France, liable to be embraced by pi freely . Pie tenders, now he is every thing that is bad except a " traitor I ' Another striking proof of the gross unfairness of the prose ? 'nation came to light quite unexpectedly ! while Captain Lamotte was testifying i (le was a.^(((/i(i/reattlie General Staff with Dreyfus in 1894. You may recollect that the General Staff originally fixed the date if the bordereau as May, 1861. The prose < nation insisted on this date, going to the necessity of letting it be understood that Dreyfus supposed that he and the other a itaytaires would attend the manoeuvres I was the original trial Dreyfus combatted ' the allegation that he was at the manner ' vres by calling for the production of a special circular warning the probationer that they would not go to the manoeuvres The prosecution refused to produce it is proof of innocence. Subsequent to the condemns Lion, when it was suggested that Ester hazy might have written the bordereau the General Staff altered the date from May to September to harmonise Its text w ith the fact that the famous shooting manual was not published until July The Generals contrived to keep the Court of Cassation in ignorance of the secret eli calm respecting the manoeuvres, but this striking proof of their bad faith was revealed by Captain Lamotte, who, as an ex stagnate recognised that the circular was conclusive proof of Dreyfus's in nonsense. He faced the Court and the generals in a state of pi of amid indigna- tion, and the scene was almost as brilliant as that in which Captain Freystuttei recently placed so prominent a part Senator Tiancux, formerly Minister of Justice, gave what he called "eil dence," but what in any English Court would he tantamount to a singularly eloquent address for the defence. One thing which he drove home to the mind of the Court was the emphatic declaration of Count Toinlelli, the Ambassador of Italy, that neither the Italian nor the German Legation had ever had relations in 4th Drey fire, though the Ambassador added he had seen conclusive proof of Esterhazy s treachery M Trarieux asserted his absolute conviction that Dr ley fuss had been the victim of persistent blundering, and he held up the generals to ridicule as men who proclaimed the innocence of a man who admitted his guilt, and insisted on thcgulltof " a young French captain of irreproachable clinic tel." It was a sight to watch the generals and the military element generally as the army chiefs were thus lectured by a mere civilian. However, fresh humiliations awaited them, for M Labor! Induced M Piiléologne, tile representative of the French Foreign Office, to admit the existence of a letter from Count, now Prince, Munster, to the effect that Colonel Schw art/ koppen had continuous communication with Ester hazy, and had sent him numerous puen matic postcards, including probably the famous petit bleu. This important declara- tion provoked a heated scene. Directly the statement was made General Buller, who is one of the most fanatical of Dreyfus's enemies, interjected, "Even if Esterhazy be guilty that does not make Dreyfus innocent. Seek well whether there is not a link joining quite a number of traitors This was changing the issue with a vengeance, and is supposed to be the generals' last card. It was introduced in this casual hut sneaking manner by obvious design. M. Lambert was on his feet in a moment, in a fury of indignation, but before he could intervene Dreyfus, trembling with anger, leaped up and shaking his fist, shouted out " I protest against this odious accusation " He seemed as if he could scarcely restrain himself from attacking General Billet, who looked excessively uncomfortable at the storm he had brought upon himself. The President ordered the excited prisoner to sit down, and the gaoler enforced it by pulling at his coat tails. Labor, however, broke out into an In dignified protest at Miss new charge being sprung upon him, and his tone offended the Piesldeut.vvhodcdined to beat him further. For once the great advocate committed a tactical mistake He engaged in an angry altercation with the military chief, and was thrice ordered to resume his seat before he obeyed. It is true M Labor Huts been allowed much less liberty than even the irresponsible officers who are conduct ing the prosecution, and keen sympathy is felt for him; nevertheless, he has not improved his client's prospects by the undisguised attitude of antagonism He has latterly assumed towards the President of the court martial. He won the excited plaudits of the spectators in the Court, but these manifestations of sympathy do the accused distinct harm. Another exciting episode has been the rehabilitation of Colonel Picquart. This was elicited from General Zurlinden, who, you will remember, is solely responsible for for the unjust imprisonment of the brilliant officer for nine months Now he had to admit that the charge of forgery he had preferred had been triumphantly repelled, and that is all the reparation Colonel Picquart is likely to receive. Colonel Du Paty de Clare's river still delays his appeal ance at Rennes, but his evidence on commission has been read. It is very colourless, and gives the impression that the colonel is sitting on a fence, uncertain which side he ought to descend, but rather inclining to that of the generals, in a postscript, however, he warns them that he has letters at Brussels, which have not yet been produced Is this another secret dossier held in terrorem over his military chiefs in case they show any disposition to prosecute him? Had Labor! cross. examined this slippery witness much might have been cleared up, but without that precaution his testimony is of little value. In view of the extraordinary evidence of intrigue and duplicity which has been unfolded to the Court. It is assumed that a te coin action of the accused Is impossible But it is not assorted with anything like equal authority that an acquittal will be pronounced. It would be almost be possible for the most servile Court to do otherwise than return a verdict of acquittal in respect of the writing of the bordereau, but the question referred to the present court martial is-Did Dreyfus communicate any of the documents? And as to that it is by no means certain that a verdict of not proven may not be found. This would leave a suspicion of guilt, and this is greatly dreaded by Dreyfus and his friends. It has not been easy for them to adduce direct evidence of innocence upon this issue. There has only been an utter absence of evidence to prove his guilt. Of course, there would be danger in a verdict of "non proves)," for the war would be continued, and there would be no chance of national appeasement. Still, the court-martial may argue that there would be equal danger in a verdict of either "guilty" or " not guilty," us in the former case the Government may be over- thrown and a military regime established, and in the latter, if Dreyfus leaves the dock a free man, the military chiefs may have to take his place, and the army will thus be branded with indelible infamy-. The closing hours of the trial supplied many signs of the lengths the detective generals," as they are termed, are prepared to go to have themselves. General Mercier's final address to the Court was distinctly minatory. He made ineffectual attempts to blacken the fair fame of Colonel FreystültiT and accused him of lying in regard to the appearance of the Pnnixxardi telegram In the slander shown to the court-martial In 1861, " It is clear, he exclaimed in melo-dramatic accents, " that either Freystüitcr lies or I do. It cannot be that I do. It s rests with you to choose." Such an appeal, addressed to subordinates brought up under the iron dis- cipline the French Army is not likely to be disregarded. The ludicrously Inept address of Major Carrie, the Government Commissary, calls for small mention. He protested that he had commenced the inquiry with an open mind, but had been converted to unhesitating faith in the guilt of the accused, Maitre Demange's eloquent appeal was moderate, tactful, and persuasive. He deprecated the tempest of madness which had overwhelmed the country ; depleted the martyr agonies of the prisoner on Devil's Island ; dwelt on the utter inability of the prosecution to prove guilt, and insisted that the Generals had merely accumulated piesiiinptioiis. the result of prejudice and misdirected zeal. He will begin a technical discussion of the horilere.au to-morrow. The Pnrliatnciitof Labour is in session at Plymouth. The debates are as monotonous and unpractical as ever, and called forth the well-merited contempt of the only woman delegate present. She lectured her 382 colleagues In a way they are not likely to forget. She told them plainly that they talk about matters which they have not sufficiently grasped, and he quarrelling about pettifogging differences lose sight of the high ideal by which she had thought they were guided. The Trade Union Congress, while once more record- ing the disappointment they feel at the neglect shown to labour interests by the House of Commons, have arranged to hold a great special Congress to devise ways and means for the return of more labour members to the next Imperial Parliament. The miners' representatives bluntly declared that they should dip their hands into their pockets, and pay their members themselves, as the miners do, but the remedy did not commend itself to the majority. Captain Wellby, the Abyssinian explorer, has been relating some strange experiences which befell his expedition in a "devil possessed" but remarkably fertile region called Wahimo, a fortnight's journey south of Addis Ababa. He was warned not to enter this region, but found the tribesmen most friendly, though they had never seen a will be man before. He was inclined to think they were a much maligned race, when first one, then another, and finally his " headman," a particularly peaceable, orderly fellow, succumbed: to the effects of the "evil eye." They became attacked with mania, which they attributed to being possessed by the devil. While under this influence they were extremely violent, and had to I be deprived of all weapons. They all I declared that it was especially dangerous to eat anything in the presence of a Walamo. Captain Wellby decided to test these Satanic agencies, and ate a meat in the presence of 100 Walamos. Up to that time, he says, he had not had a day's illness ; but next day, though he displayed , no symptoms of mania, He felt thoroughly ill. He cannot he says, explain the facts he has related, but they impressed him sufficiently to make him shift his camp. ; His narrative is sufficiently mysterious to induce some who love a new sensation to visit and further explore this delightful i but devil ridden country. The dramatic season will soon reopen, I and trio novelties which have been prepar- ing during the recess will be introduced. At the Lyceum we shall have Mr. Wilson Barrett and Mr. L. N. Parker's new play, Man and His Makers. It is already In re- hearsal. It is three years since the germ of this play entered Mr. Barrett's mind, i and it has been simmering there ever since. It has only been written recently. The title is suggestive of great possibilities, but all we know of the plot at present is that it is based on a powerful love j story with startlingly novel complications, The eternal feminine is sure to play a large part, as one may guess from the large ; number of beautiful young actresses who j are assigned parts. Mr. Tree is busy preparing for the production of King John at [Her Majesty's. | The Australians brought their brilliant tour to a close on the 6th just, by a well earned victory over the South of England at Hastings. Since May 8 they have played 23 matches, have won 16, lost 3, and letter unfinished. No wonder they are very stale. Quite a month ago Darling admitted they were sick of cricket and longing for rest and who can wonder. Everyone admits that they are the finest team that has visited the country since 1882\. Comparison between the team then and now is scarcely possible, as in 1882 match after match was played on wet wickets, while this year the grounds have been nearly always? is in first-class condition forrungettlng. On a hard and true wicket Darling's team have not been beaten. It is admitted that had the season been wet the bowling of the colonials would have been very formidable, but, judging from the ease with which Essex beat the Australians, it is conjectured that on a succession of sticky wickets their batsmen would have fared badly. The splendid way in which they played up under discouraging circumstances is greatly admired. Darling's coolness and courage are highly commended. Having defeated England de- cisively on a hard wicket the superiority of the Australians is acknowledged. Darling heads the batting averages. His aggregate of 1,011 is the highest ever obtained by an Australian in this country. Trumble performed the double feat of taking 100 wickets and scoring 1,000 runs. The farewell din- ner to the team was almost an Australian function. Lords Jersey, Loch, nutl Carrington were present. The Earl of Jersey read letters and telegrams of congratulation from the Prince of Wales, Lord Rosebery, and other distinguished Gcrsonngcs. He also administered a re- like to the section of the public which recently misbehaved itself at Lord's, because the spectators disliked the defensive tactics of the colonial batsmen. It did not rest with onlookers to dictate the method of procedure at matches. Sir John Murray, of Challenger fame, is determined to do his best to secure a thorough scientific exploration of the Antarctic region. He thinks that it will cost £150,000, and he is now appealing to the British public to subscribe another £50,000. Miss Jennie Bateman has won the bronze medal at the Royal Academy of Music. The Lynch Family of Bellringers have been known in Hobart ever since 1887. Mr. Harry Lynch, the manager, is now in England, and he tells me that he has had cast the largest peal of hand bells ever seen. He sails for Australia in a few days. was CARTERTON, New Zealand, ' April 28,1897. DR. J. C. AYER & CO., Lowell, Mass., U.S.A. GENTLEMEN I have used Ayer's Sarsaparilla in my family for the past sixteen years. As a never-failing remedy for impure blood, lack of energy, loss of appetite, indigestion, and to fortify the system against the frequent and sudden changes of climate in New Zealand, it is unequalled. I always keep in the house, and have recommended it to my friends with the most satisfactory results. A J. P. HANSEN. Witness : J. W. LIKDOP, Chemist and Druggist, High-street, CutaitM, 