Melbourne Sporting Notes, (From Our Own Correspondent:) \- Mondav. Though an interesting programme was provided by the Melbourne Hunt" Club for their meeting at Flemington on Saturday, the day's outing was marred by heavy rain, and" a bltter cold south wind. As a number of Cup and Derby horses were engaged, racegoers were naturally anxious to try to pick up a few points, with respect to the big spring events, and in two cases at least, these in which Contrast and Scorn were concerned, they were rewarded. The initial event on the programme-the Rockbank Open Hurdle-only brought out three runners, and backers were ask ed to lay 5 to 4 against Lady Agatha, while the speedy Jubilant was cn. offer at twos. The latter fell, however, when going strongly, and the favo rite easily beat Ivy In a canter by a dozen lengths. A very good field colored for the Melton Handicap Flat Race, and the St. Albans mare Delusive was regarded by many as almost a "cert," until the weight of money brought her to 5 to 2. The good thing, however, was upset by the hitherto disap pointing Eugene, who is a half-brother to per haps the greatest 2-year- old filly Australia ever kuew-the flying Hortense. He was fairly support ed, and his party made ho mistake on this occa sion, as, getting in front at the straight entrance, he managed to stall off Delusive, and win by half a length. The Saucy Girl, who finished third, . ran. very well, and, considering the heavy going, lmin 16%sec was fair time register for the six furlongs. Queen B. now seems to be in the win ning humor. Being by Kangaroo out of Lizette, two of the best steeplëchasers Australia hás known, she ought to be something put of the com mon; but so far has not shown .any particular brilliancy-having bee» more noted for safety.than speed. Her performance on Saturday, however, in the Hunt Club Cup, was a good one, and emphasis ed the merit of her win the previous Saturday. Ajax was the public fancy, but Queen B., despite her 12st 91b, was second favorite at fives. There were several falls, Sardine, Bally Mohr, and Pet rel being the victims, but the finish was a fine one, Queen B., though tiring under her heavy .rw(jui, ju 'laïc SSUJ.L {iuiug, just oeating ,i>orci ±ticnarü ¡ Novill's Snowden by a half-head. Mr. Godfrey Watson had the mount oh the latter, and in an other few strides would have reversed the posi tions. Much interest was centred in the Narre Warren Stakes, a weight-for-age event, over a mile and a quarter. Le Var's - suppor ters had so much confidence In his ca pabilities that they accepted 6 to 4 about his chance, but the stable connections of Contrast were equally confident that tb« mare would beat him, and they freely took sixes about her, Kobold being backed at a point less. Revenue, who left the paddock without substantial support, made the running to the home turn, where Contrast sup planted him. At the distance, however, Le Var .headed her, but she came again on the. inside, and won a splendid race by a head. Lewis was blam ed for allowing Burn to bring Contrast up on the inside, but as a matter of fact he had the more solid going on the outside, and the mare on the inside berth had to gallop on broken ground. Her gameness and staying power would be worthy her gallant old sire Commotion, and no more honest .or sterling horse ever looked through a bridle. Who, for instance, who had the pleasure of seeing it, will ever forget his despprate and successful struggle up Flemington straight, after Guesswoi'k in the Champion Stakes. The amateur riders hap another opportunity to display their skill in thc Hunters' Ladies' Bracelet, in which several well known crosscountry horses took part. Will o' th« Wisp was elected favorite, chiefly on the strengtl of Mr. Godfrey Watson being in the saddle, Patri clan and Hotspur otherwise receiving the larges public support. The finish proved a very soft thinf for Patrician, followed home by the old grey, Ti moni (Mrs. Pakenham's nomination), who was con ceding the winner nearly a stone. Much inter est was evinced in regard to Scorn's appearanci in the Rupertswood Flat Race. Revenue's show lng in the Narre Warren Stakes had not been par ucuiariy promising ana puntera wer© anxious to learn whether Scorn had Improved at all since his poor display in Sydney. The friends of The Mus keteer were very sweet on his chances, as the horse has been doing sterling track work, and they wouldn't listen to the suggestion of defeat. Conse quently, he was backed down to 5 to 2 at barrièr rise, but the St. Albans colt looked so well that a lot of money went on him at threes. The favorite never had-a "ghost of a show in the running, and the Derby colt beat Flintlock at the business end of the journey by a length. As the winner only -carried 7st 71b, and the time register was 2min 42sec, the . performance cannot be regarded as a brilliant one, but, like Mercutio's wound, it was "enough." It must also be remembered that the going was heavy and unpleasant, and in any case thet 3-year-óld could do no more than win. The real sporting people were pleased at the result, as it shows that the colt is returning to something like his brilliant 2-year-old form; while it will make the Derby a much mor* interesting event than it recently promised to be. Of course we haven't seen Cranberry thoroughly extended over here yet, but he will have to be at his very best on Derby day if Scorn continues on the "im prove." As the result of his win in the Ruperstwood Handicap, Scorn has now shortened to 5 to 1 for the V.R.C. Derby, and if Auric cannot be brought to the post, will probably start second favorite. It is understood that Aurie's preparation is not proceeding very satisfactorily, as, though reported to be a top nocher, he is difficult to train. As Con trast will be scratched for the Caulfield Cup, and held in reserve for the Melbourne Cup, she has now shortened to 100 to 7 for the latter. The Moonee Valley meeting on Wednesday was not favored with particularly pleasant -weather, the wind being high and. the dust disagreeable, but the public patronage was fairly numerous. The Ballarat horse Riccarton was made favorite for the Hurdle Race, but he was very sore,, and could hardly raise a gallop during the race. The winner turned up in Bathurst Burr, ,who beat Lottery without much trouble in the run home. The winner was'fancied in the right quarter, so the books did not do well over the race. The favorite did not finish. Treaty was backed as <the best of good things for the Trial Handicap, closing at 3 to 2, and she never left the issue in doubt when the straight was reached. Sadie scored a tolerable second, and should be credited with a win before long. À lot of money was planked on both Altairs and Private Willis for the Welter Handicap, but the former had a slight call in the favoritism. The weight, however, Droved too heavy when the actual racing began, aa though nt the straight entrance Altairs held a command of the field. Private Willis, with 1st 101b less in the saddle, soon settled the issue, both Horonda and Last Glen' finishing in front of the favorite. A veteran, in Flat Iron, made his re appearance in the Steeplechase,,and was very solidly supported. . However, Wilfred and L.L.B.D. were almost'equal favorites when the horses were sent on their journey. The three mentioned were at the head of the field most of the time, but Flat Iron collapsed after negotiat ing the last fence, and Wilfred bad no difficulty in settling the pretentious of L.L.B.D. in the last furlong. In view of her easy win in the Trial Handicap, Treaty was again served up warm for the Turkeith Handicap, a shade under 2's only , being obtainable at barrier rise. Genoer was. the other candidate most in demand, and, though the field also included Chillagoe, Neva, and Heir ess, their chances didn't seem to be much fancied. Treaty managed to beat Gevoer at"the finish, and thus annexed the double, but the latter was not ridden in the best style, otherwise the verdict might have been reversed. The uncertainties of racing were illustrated in the Monomeith Handi cap, for which the erratic Carbinier started com paratively unbacked at tens, and in the best qua lity field of the day beat Trienid by a rare blt of pace. John Bunyan was the most fancied of all ! the party; while De Wilton, Bonshaw, and Model were all fairly well supported. ,-. Both Model and Churchlight ran very prominently, but Trienid looked a certain winner till the soin of Carbine swooped down on her. Some foolish punters were sore enough* over the win to start hooting, . but If they have any brains or sense at all they . N surely must know that the Millers always go straight for thé stakes, and, personally, I have never heard the slightest suspicion of anything to the contrary. It has almost become a motto amongst râcecourse-goers that they can always*~at least rely on a run for their money by backing any of the Millers' horses. The stable, it-ap : pears/ profited 'little-' by their unreliable repre- . ' sentative's win, but I'm told that a ringman won ¡£500 over it. It need never surprise anyone to see Carbinier win a big race : some day over a distance. ' ^ Some of the horses who took part in the Trial Handicap at the Ballarat Miners' meeting last - I week showed more than the average liveliness at the start. One named Errington put himself out of court by going "on bis own" twice round the course, after which he tangled himself up in the' starting gate, got rid of his rider, and took no part in the race. Then E.P. turned rusty, and threw ??' Hearn, who remounted. He finished badly, and the stewards, being suspicious, began to make In- '. j quiries, but their doubts turned to compliments j on learning that Hearn-had ridden the race with I a broken collar-bone. . ?,.??.??>?? I The whip presented- by Sir Rupert Clarke to . the rider of the Ladies' Bracelet winner at tho I Findon Harriers' meeting has been been handed ? over to J. R. Murphy, who had the mount on The' Saucy Girl. - . ¡ On Friday Dewey was strongly supported for the . I Caulfield Cup, and he is now an equal favorite with Egypt at 100 to 6. . R. Lewis has been engaged to ride Cranberry in his V.R.C. spring engagements. He rode his first winner since his return from England at Moonee "Valley on Wednesday. ". There was a good muster of V.A.T.C. leading lights at Caulfield on Thursday, when the annual inspection took place. The course and surround ings are in nice, condition for the coming spring campaign. As Messrs. G. and A. Vbwles considered the re muneration insufficient, they threw up the handi capping for. the Epsom Club. Mr. A. R. Brad shaw has since taken up the work. Fernlea, like his sire, The Duke, must be a useful sort, as he annexed a double the other day at Hamilton. The Duke at one "time promised to take high rank, but he went wrong. xne y.rt.u. stewards upheld the. disqualification by tie Maribyrnong-stewards of Wise, the cross country jockey, for hig suspicious riding of Mean time in a hurdle race. As, however, no one else appears to have been concerned in the affair, no further action will be taken. ; Much satisfaction was-expressed amongst pun- : ters last week when they learnt that the.veterin ary examination showed there was nothing radic ally wrong with Cranberry, and that he would fulfil his V.R.O. ' spring engagements. He has since done one'or two fair,gallops, and,seems to have thrown off his soreness. Considerable dissatisfaction, however, was caus ed by the scratching of Le Var for the Caulfield Cup. He had been supported heavily for that event, and particularly after his A.J.C. perform anees was regarded here as a very likely winner. ' It would, perhaps, be as well for punters to wait a little whilo longer before they back him for the Melbourne Cup, in which, if he starts, he should certainly have a big say. It is reported that Bol ger may come from the Wèst to' ride; the, horse,ia his spring engagements. . " - f Y H. J. Morrison, the jockey, has forwarded to the A.J.C. Club secretary 'a total denial of the state--, ment alleged to have been made by him that foul riding was prevalent at the recent A.J.C. meet ing. ,,: -? . There has been a fair amount of wagering dur ing the past week on the big sporting events. The knowledge that Cranberry is to start for the V.R.C. Derby has put wagering for that event on a clear scale. Of course, as soon as the decision was made known, the Cranbrook colt was estab lished as a firm favorite, and he now rules at 3 to 1\. He has been largely selected in doubles, and has also been supported straight out for the Mel bourne Cup, till he is now an equal favorite with. Le Var at hundreds to seven. Egypt has been consistently supported for the Caulfield Cup, though not for very big money, but sufficient to - keep him at the head of the list. Mora is on the. 100 to 5 line, and Contrast, who is partial to dis tance, has during the week received a good deal of support for the Melbourne Cup", between £10,000 and £12,000 having been secured about her for the latter at hundreds : to four. Mora and Waft-a-Bit have received a little attention at hundreds to six for the Melbourne Cup, and small sums have gone on Lancaster at sevens for the Derby, and a point longer is obtainable about Auric or Gunga Din. Matters will now commence to look up on the training tracks with the arrival of intercolonial strings. The latest visitor to headquarters is T. Payten, who last Thursday arrived with Dewey, ' Cocos, Skene Dhu, Mazzatina, Ohio, Hautboy, and Caledonia. Nothing is doing better work ac Flemington, than Blunderer, and be will wei» be worth ah outside investment for the . .Caulfield Cup; and though Disfigured shapes well o.i tho track, she is now so unreliable in public that in supporting her one must be sure that he can af ford to lose the cash. Most of Hickenbotham's ' team are doing excellent work. Holster and Balllstito both please, particularly the former, and on Saturday Fleet Admiral got over two miles on the tan in fine style-in fact, about the best gallop he has ever shown Hickenbötham. Nothing is doing better than Contrast, and as she \- is a true stayer, and comes of a family which, like good wine, Improves with age, she will be worth at least a place investment In the Mel bourne Cup. That she is probably a much bet ter animal than when she w.as at Adelaide was shown by her gallant defeat of Le Var on Satur day. . The company at" Caulfield has been strengthened by the arrival of Water Color, Djin Dj in, Donnie Boy, and Trlcxim, who turned up on Thursday, and are located at H. Bellamy's ... stables. Mora, Royal Purple, and Loch Leigh have also arrived at the heath, and taken up re sidence at Carslake's stables. Mr. Crozier's team is expected from Adelaide to-morrow. They will stay at the Caulfield Club Hotel. Lancaster and Kobold have been doing tolerably fair work, and The Musketeer has shown improvement in his recent galloping. The Derby candidate Lancaster, who up to the present has performed disappointingly in pub lic, is said to-be doing splendid work at Caul field.; One of the smartest 2-year-olds at Flemington is-Bobadil's sister, Verne. The Bill of Port land filly can gallop like the wind, but she has a . - very objectionable disposition. E. Davis bas purchased Ybraw, and he Is now an inmate of his stable at Caulfield. The performance, of Meantime at the rast meet ing at Maribyrnong was further investigated on i September 26 by the stewards. Originally, the jockey (F. Wise) . was disqualified for twelve months, and the owner being absent, the investi gation was adjourned from time to time. The in formation supplied by the owner convinced the «stewards that he was not implicated in any mal practice that may have been indulged in, and it was therefore decided to take no further action. The hurdleracer R.A., brother to Artist, was ?old on September 25 in Melbourne for 25 guineas, to Mr. R. Richards. The Bird was purchased toy Mr. R. Howie, and the galloway Louis was se cured by Mr. J. C. Pigdon, for 15gs. The racehorse Könning is being treated to a " '»pell at Mordialloc. * Sixty-seven entries were received in Melbourne for the Moonee Valley Cup and Purse, including "" Djin Djin, Egypt, The Musketeer, Gnullo, Secu rity, Cicero, and Water Color. The weights will toe declared on October 23. . Mr. James Grice presided over the annual meet ing of the Victorian. Amateur Turf Club on Octo .. Der 2. The report, which was adopted, showed .that nine out of twelve race meetings held had resulted in a profit, and that the gross revenue from all sources was £34,000. The chairman, In moving the adoption of the report and balance sheet, said that the actual cash assets exceeded the liabilities by £9200. The club had, however, spent £36,000 in improvements, and this might safely be put down at £18,000, so that the total assets were over £27,000. 