Dying Nations. Empire Affected by Climate. A. nation only livos a few thousand years. . Look (says the Daily Mail of May 3) at tho great nations of 4,000 years ago. Egypt, Yucatan, Mexico, Peru, Assyria are all dead and buried, China is only staying alive to savo funeral expenses. The next generation of nations in cluded Home and Greece, and these are like galvanised ghosts. . The third generation, the Turks, Moors, Spaniards, Moguls, Dutch, aud Scandinavians, arc alive, hut have lost their power. Prom this you will see that the nations in hot countries dio, and stay dead. The nations of cold countries rise, bccomo great, fail, lose their out lying dominions, and yet stay aliyo.. That is because the land does not lapse into jungle like Ceylon and Yucattuij or change into desert liko Assyria and Egypt, but romnins fertile, providing plenty of food. Sow to apply these facts. .Great Britain, the United States, Kussia, and Germany aro- gaining in population, wealth, and power; but the British Empire is cxtonding more rapidly than any 'one of thorn. Compare her with France, for instance. A couple of con-, turics ago, whou Frauce owned most of North Americu, and was founding a vast, empire in Iudia, l'uris was bigger than London, und was tho ouiiitul of the civilised world. To-day Paris lias 2,500,000 people, and is tho capital of the arts and fashion. But London, has 5,000,000 souls, and has takon the place of Paris as tlie metropolis of the world. , ,, ... - Tho British Empire is growing, and it will keep on growing along tho Hues of least resistance.' At the prosent rate tlio whole laud surfaco of tho planot will bo absorbed by tbe year 2349 a.d. But as Greater Britaiu grows it comes into closer contact with, the boundaries of the United States, ltussia, aud Gor- rnany. Even if we could, wo have no wish to swallow these or uuy other decently governed countries. The United States, Russia, Germauy, and -Japan are playing the same game. The .British Empire is nearly as largo as tho four combined. As England docs not wish' to conquer the well governed countries, tho area open to annexation may ho diminished by half. In that case all the world will bo properly govornod by tho year 2012 a.d. So' in 1 1 3 years from the present timo the British Empire must stop spreading, for lack of room on the planet. Even then it will grow in wealth, aud popu-" lation, but meanwhile these little islauds are getting very old. Sooner or later we may feel tho weakness of ago, und ho no longer able to fight for our pos sessions; our colonics may cut adrift from us ; tho conquered countries like Iudia may revolt. If all tills should happen, as politicians of a pessimistic temperament are already predicting, it would only ho a case of history ropoat- ingitsolf. How long will that he ? "Well, Romo rose in 400 years, as we did, and took a thousand years to decline. Our empire is infinitely greater, stronger, aud more loyal than tho Roman. Suppose wo say 1500 years bel'oro tho Little England party wins a goneral election, and little England is a sscond- class power, as she wus in the days of Henry YIII. 