OUR STORY. THE RING OF THE MAZZI. (B. E. Wade in the " Messenger of the Sacred Heart." Wh y it was that Filippo Mazzi lias never been able to imagine to this day but certain it is he can remember awaking on that beauti ful spring morning with the feel- ing that something unusual was going to happen him. Not that .he was any the less happy, nor that, lie was troubled by vague foreboding of evil ; and, on the other hand, he experienced no joy ful anticipations of pleasure to come, nor happiness in store for him. Only the fact that some-? thing out of the ordinary was go ing to occur, fixed itself in his mind, and persisted in staying there. He half believes it came to him in a dream, and knows that it made so deep an impression that it remained with him until it actu ally happened. Filippo was, generally, not an early riser, and the sun, peeping over the mountain and into his window each morning, more often found the brown curls resting on the pillow and the long dark lashes measuring their length on the soft dusky cheeks than otherwise, for Fi'ippo was a growing lad, and growing lads, as everyone knows, need to sleep the last few hours of the night when the day is only just beginning to make up its drowsy mind to dawn. However, it is a lazy lad who will let the sun blink in vain, and who will not open his eyes to say good-morning to so loving a friend — for loving, indeed, is the sun to an Italian as one can tell by the healthful brown colour kissed into the rosy cheeks, the sparkle put into the youthful eyes, and the warmth and passion poured into the tender heart; and what but the sun can do all these things ? Filippo was by no means a sluggard, and the first morning ray sufficed to call him forth from his bed, and to make him hasten to his window to draw a deep breath of the pure fragrant air. But on this particular morning things went differently with him. In the first place, he was awake 1 long before the sky' began to red den with the approaching of the sun. When lie awoke from a pleasant, dreamless sleep, only a faint white light told him that the night was over. He lay quite still for several minutes, not try ing to dose off again, but endeav ouring to think whether he had overseen how the day looked be fore the moon had faded away; for he thought the light Tie saw must be from the moon. Then he went to his window and saw that it was really daylight after all, and that the poor feeble moon, now a mere ghost of itself, was altogether too pale to be of any consequeuce whatever. A sort of mist seemed . to wrap the city of Florence about. He looked down the hillside and saw the spires and towers stretch ing up as though trying to get out of . the mist. How unreal the Campanile appeared ! Only the top was visible, and the lower part being entirely hidden, he could easily imagine the graceful tower a portion of some fairly palace concealed from his sight. Then- lie spied the dome .of the great Cathedral, and thought, no more about fairies, but dropped to his knees with a . prayer on his lips. Somehow or other, lie was pos sessed with a strange fascination when. he gazed at the Duomo, and something seemed to draw him 'toward it. He must, at least, look at it again, so, while dressing, he frequently went to his window, and always his eyes wandered in that direction. At length lie was ready to leave his room. Unconsciously, his eyes glanced from oue object to another and when he beheld- a small silver crucifix on his writing desk, he went over, and taking the crucifix, held it in his hands a few seconds. Filippo's mother was dead, and she had herself given him th6 cruci fix. It was her last gift to. him. He had kept it where he might see it every day, but never until this morning had he thought of wear ing it. Hardly realising what he was doing, he began rummaging in his drawer for a stout cord, and having found one he fastened it to the crucifix, and hung it about his neck, beneath his jacket. The house was quiet as he de scended the stairs, for the servants were not yet about. The long cor ridors were dark and shadowy, and his father's librarj7 seemed larger and more expressive of the miuesof learning contained therein than usual. He entered, and paused before the huge table in the centre of the room. Once more he acted as though impelled by an other will of his own. He picked up his father's pen, dipped it into the ink, and wrote on a fresh sheet of paper these words, but in his native tongue : "The day has not vet fully come, my father, but I w >uld go at sunrise to the great Cathedral for the early Mass, and if I fail to join thee at the morning meal, thou must not miss me, nor yet delay in my behalf, for the way is long, and it will be some hours ere I return. Moreover, I shall, per chance, break my fast at some bake-shop. Think not of my ab sence, dear father, but let the books of which thou art so fond console thee for the short time I shall be away from thee. And now, I bid thee farewell. Thy dutiful son, - " Filippo." (To be Continued.) 