XJastlcs and Mansions »nat are Hauntad Scotlsmd/the land of deep enthusiasm poetic. feeling, is essentially a lajul of superstition; witness the Ann belief of the peasantry in. the weird traditions of t)ie West and the Highlands, in the uncanny apparitions, foreboders of eVil to the family to whom they lieloi^, Jnd their avoidahce of the.so-ciEiliea kp^ies of ghosts and evil 'spirits. Nor do tliey stand ILlone in their beliefs ; among -the upper class credence is given to u|fich that is supernatural, and not cause, as the history of the anient -Castle of Glamis in ITorfarsliire relates. Although the whole house abound® in mysterious noises and ghostly visitors, -one chamber in particular is knoWnas the " Haunted Room/' and access to this fearsome place is only known to iiord Strathmore, his heir, and 'toe factor. E ! • " There is ho doubt whatever about the jioises ; one night when they were more weird and ^unearthly than usual, the present Earl, with several chosen companions, determined to investigate the cause, and went to the room. Hardly Jiad his lordship opened the door, when be fell back swooning. Nbi* could he ever be persuaded to tell what he saw, or even to mention the subject. One old story is that during a feud between the Lindsays and Ogilvies. some of the latter dan, in flight from their enemies, besought hospitality from the owner of Olaniis. He gave theffl shelter in this room; but) under plea of hiding them, left them there to starve. It may have been the sight of the ghastly remains which startled the Earl, but whatever it was is still a secret. Another «tory is that of " Earl Patie," celebrated for many vices, but above all for that of gambling. He played continually, hobnobbing with his humblest servitor, -could he not obtain another partner. However, one " Lord's Day" no one could be persuaded to play with him. The chaplain heaped anathemas on the head of any one who dared to desecrate t h e "Sawbatli" by touching the "Devil's bricks," as he designated cards. Earl Patio, rather than be thwarted in Ms desire, invoking the " foui fiend" to be his partuer, locked himself into his room. The " deil" came, and then the fan was fast and furious ; curses, oaths, . xind shrieks terrified the inmates, and the butler, uraver than the rest, putting his e y e to the keyhole, had it sorely scorelied fee his curiosity. The Earl, -coming out for a minute to get the wherewithal tcusettie up with, returned only to find tfie room empty, and nowhere could any trace of his ghostly -comrade be found. After his death, fiye .years later, the same noises were constantly heard issuing from the room and iilrmcr the corridors. Allanbank, the seat or tne Stuarts, is daunted by the ghost of " Peariin Jean." She was the wife of the first baronet, imd a Frenchwoman, whom he married in Paris and deserted. When returning to his native land she appeared at the last moment to bid him good-bye, and stood on the forewheel of the coach to .address him. Much annoyed, he bade the postillion drive on; the lady fell, and the wheels going over her head lolled her. On his arrival home, when driving under the arched entrance gateway, Sir liobert saw " Peariin Jean" sitting on the top, her head and shoulders covered with blood, and for years the rustle of •silk and patter of Louis XV. heels was heard along the passages. There is perhaps no more notorious % host than the " Airlie Drummer" ; his haunt is an ancient stronghold, Oorlachy Castle, belonging to the Earls of Airlie. Whenever his drum is heard ihose round take it as a sure token of ihe Speedy death of one of the Ogilvie family. The origin of the story is that ;he .jealousy of a former Lord of Airlie was roused either by "the drummer 1 or Ihe officer whose messenger he was. In rage he thrust the man into his drum, -Mid flung him out Of the Window of the -lower in which the music is usually ieard. The-victim threatened, if his Sfe were taken, to haunt the family, been as good or rather fii as his word. The music of the hapless drummer has often been beard, and quite recently, within the memory of in 1844 before tfie death of Lady Airlie, and in 1849 before the death of the ninth EarL Spedlin's Tower, now a mined Border fortress, was long haunted by the spirit of a miller named Porteous, who, being suspected of arson, was incarcerated f in the dungeon by Sir Alex. Jardine. Having occasion to go away from home, he forgot all about his, prisoner, who perished of hunger. No sooner was he dead than his ghost began to torment the family, and gave them no rest night or day. At last, by the aid of several ministers^ the demon was exorcised, and a Bible was placed in a niche in bis cell. Years Stfter it was. thought necessairy to have the Bible rebound. Accordingly it was sent to Edinburgh for that purpose. It had not been long on its way before the ghost left its dungeon, fled oyer the river to the new •home to which the family had recently removed, hauled the baronet and his wife out of bed, causing much terror and disturbance. Only through returning the Bible to its niche in its old condition was Porteous's revengeful ghost quieted, and peace again restored. Woodhouse Lee, the seat of the Fraser- Tytlers, is visited by the spirit of Lady Hamilton, of Bothwellhaugh. Her husband is known as the murderer of the Regent Murray at Li nlithgow in 1859, and surely "no assassin had ever greater provocation. Knowing Lord Hamilton was from home, the Regent seized his house, turned his wife and child out naked into the fields; before morn she was a raving lunatic, her infant dead, probably murdered,. and now her restless spirit haunts the abode of her former happiness. Part of the masonry of the old building was used for the present .mansion, which is built on the Pentland Hills, four miles distant from the scene of the tragedy; and but a few years, ago the domestics were terrified by the apparition of a lady robed in white holding a child in her arms, which shows the spectre is still faithful to her old home. The Inverary ghost is another wellautfientlcated story, the hearse of which drives up to the door of the Castle before the decease of any member of the Argyll family. It is said, during the illness of the late Duchess, that two of the servants at Inverary, while resting in the gloaming, heard the noise of wheels, unbarred the great door of the entrance-hall, and, on opening it, found nothing there. Shortly afterwards they heard of the death of their mistress. Dunvesran. the home of the Macleods, the oldest inhabited castle of Scotland, is visited by those delightful spiritsfairies. There is still the fairy Sag, given centuries ago to the Chief of Macleod by the fairies, and which always brought them victory when they took it into battle. A room in the tower is devoted to them, music and dancing axe often heard, but all vanishes when thedoor is open.—" Gentlewoman." 