CIArTER XXV. BUYING A CORPSE. Madge intended to seek an interview with her father immediately after break fast, and relate to him her adventures of the early morning; also her strange dreams of the night previous, which to her now possessed a peculiar significance. She wanted sympathy and advice, some one to lean upon, and who would strengthen her with cheering words, for she was becoming depressed in spirits, with the unusual strain upon her nerves, the loss of sleep, and the intense excite ment of her strange experiences of the past few weeks. But she was doomed to disappointment, for during breakfast Lord Callonby pro. posed an excursion to Maybury Towers, a place of some renown, about ten miles distant, where they would spend the day picnicking, and exploring the grounds and buildings, and then return home by moonlight. The proposal met with instant applause from all parties, for Maybury Towers hnd a tragic interest connected with it, and, among other things, it was said that the tower itself was haunted by the restless ghost of a young and lovely duchess, who was murdered on her wedding night, only three hours after her marriage. by an un known hand. This of itself was sufficient to inspire the least romantic with enthusiasm, while the prospect of the ride home by moon light brought a deeper tint to the cheek of more than one fair maiden, and a ten der light to the bright eyes which drooped consciously beneath the glances of anticipation bent upon them by several young gentlemen of high degree, who would doubtless act as escorts upon the occasion. But Madge had no heart for it; she was eager to solve the mighty mystery in which she was so deeply interested; besides, she was wearied out, and needed rest, and did not feel equal to the effort of making herself agreeable and entertain ing, or pretend to enjoy what would only be irksome and tedious to her. She remembered also her promises to that suffering wretch in the grotto, and her sympathies were more with him than with any prospect of pleasure for the present. Yet she knew the excursion was glanned partly in honor to herself, and it would be qungrateful and impolite to refuse to go, or to do anything to mar the enjoyment of others. So she con cealed her disappointment as beat she could, and assented to every arrangement which his lordship saw fit to make. She resolved to speak to her father, however, as soon as breakfast should be ended, and ask hip to arrange for her to remain at Callonby, if possible; but he immediately became engaged in conversa tion with several gentlemen upon arising from the table, which rendered that plan impracticable ; and, soon after, a bevy of young ladies gathered around, and occu pied her attention until Lord Callonby, who had left the room a few moments before, returned and said : " Come, ladies and gentlemen; the carriages and horses will be at the door in a very few minutes, and those of you who prefer to go on horseback must arrange it with each other at once." There were instant excitement and confusion, and, amid much laughing and chatting, the transportation of the entire party was at length arranged, after which there was a general scatterirg among the fair sex to don riding habits and dainty picnic costumes. Madge was among the last to leave the room, hoping, even at that late moment, to get a word with her father ; but he did not see the wistful glances which she cast in his direction, and with reluctant steps she passed out into the hall. Her mother was just preparing to go upstairs, and she noticed that she leaned heavily against the richly carved railing, and was moving much more slowly than had been her wont of late. Ever watchful, and fearful of her old trouble returning, she flew to her side, and asked, anxiously : " What is it, mamma 7 Are you not well this morning P" " Yes, dear, quite well; only a slight feeling of faintness came over me just now. Do not be anxious; it will soon pass, and I shall be myself again," Mrs Dispeaun returned, and trying to smile away Madge's uneasiness. It did not pass, however, for she was panting painfully before she reached the top of the stairs, and Madge had hardly helped her to her room before she sank down nearly unconscious, and her heart was flattering like an imprisoned bird. The young girl was much impressed, and would have rushed to call her father, but a motion from her mother prevented her. " Do not be so alarmed, my darling," she said, speaking with difficulty, and seeing her blank, frightened face. " Go to my dressing-case, and bring me a little gilt flask you will find there." Madge flew to do her bidding, bringing at the same time a bottle of eau de Cologne, with which she began to bathe the loved face and head. Mrs Dispean took a swallow from the flask, saying : " This will help me-I will soon be better;' and so it proved, for the color ere long began to return to her face, and she breathed easier; the painful throb. bing of her heart grew less and less, until at length she became quite comfortable. Madge was relieved, but not satisfied. A lcng time had elapsed since her mother had had such a severe attack, and she feared her old trouble was about to return again, and she knew from experience that there was great danger attending these fainting turns. Her resolution was immediatbly taken, and she refused to leave her to join the picnic. Mrs Dispeau coaxed and entreated, saying she could not think of having her give up her pleasure to wait upon her, as she knew she would be well enough if she only remained quiet, and there were plenty of servants to attend her. But all to ne purpose; Madge was firm, and glad enough of the excuse to remain at home, although she did not confess it to her mother. " I should be anxious and miserable all day if I should go. I can excuse myself, and they surely would not expect me to leave you sick. No, mamma, I cannot go." Mrs Dispean saw she was determined, and gave up the point; and Madge, has tening downstairs, sought her father, and acquainted him with the trouble and her decision, and then turned to make her excuses to the company, who were nearly all ready to start. " Do you go with the party, my daugh ter, and I will stay with mamma. She has tested my abilities as nurse before, and knows I excel in that capacity, ' ilr Dispean said, smiling, yet hius face taking on a somewhat startled expression. The young people all favored this pro position, and pleaded eagerly for Madge's company. Lady Callonbyoffered politely to remain and keep her mother company, and said the housekeeper should attend particularly to her every want. But the fond daughter was firm. Shaking her bright head decisively, she said, with flushing cheeks: " Thank you all very much, but please do not urge me, for I should be miserable all day if I should leave mamma as she is now," and she added, with a little con scions smile, " I know no one who can do quite so well for her as I-not even papa, for all he is so vain of his nursing." Mr Dispeau had been up to his wife's room while they were striving to prevail upon Madge to change her mind, and returned just in time to hear her last words. "I am afraid we shall have to give up the point to this little piece of self conceit," he said, laughing, and playfully pinching Madge's cheek, adding : " I find Mrs Dispeau far from well, but she is accustomed to these attacks, and, when she begins to improve, her recovery is usually rapid. There is really no partice lar need of anyone hut a servant attend ing her, and I really wish MIadge would go--" "No-please, papa,'" she whispered; then said aloud, with a little added dig nity : "Indeed 1 cannot accompany you to-day, and, athhugh I dislike to make any break in the party, I must beg to be excused," and with a slight obeisance she left the room. Lord Callonby insisted on having Mr Dispaan's company, and he, knowing that there was nothing at all alarming in his wife's condition, consented, as he felt that one of them at least ought to repre sent the family ; and it was with a sigh of content taat Madge soon after saw the gay cavalcade sweep down the avenue, and she then nestled down beside her mother's cocch, glad of a quiet day all to herself. (To de Continued.) At a recent examination in a village school, a class of infants were being ques. tioned on natural history. After several questions, the inspector asked: " What bird that comes from Africa has wings but can't fly 1:' The class was dumbfounded. Thinking to encourage them the inspector offered a sixpence to the little boy or girl who could tell him. After a few seconds' hesitation, a little girl of four years put out her hand. "Well, my little dear," said the in spector, "what is it " and was almost paralysed by the reply : "Please, sir, a dead 'un I" Lord Nelson once sent his corxwain with a note to Lady Hamilton, with orders to wait for a reply. When her ladyship had read it, she said to the sailor: "I suppose I shall have to give Nel son's cosawain a drink; what shall it be, a pot of beer, a glass of grog, or a drop of punch I" "Bless yer ladyship," said Jack. "I ain't a bit particular. I'll take the beer now, and I can be drinking the grog while your ladyahip's mixing the punch for me," 