? ' ? ~ - T ! ? f ^ Nursery Accidents. When anything gets into the eye the eye should be widely opened by the finger and thumb of the feft hand of flic operator, while the little object coo then be removed on the corner of a handkerchief 'by the right hand. Tf it is inside the upper lid, however, a pen cil or darning-needle must be placed flat upon the upper eyelid about half-an-incli above €he lashes, and the lashes are then drawn upwards, while the pencil is kept steadily pressed against the eye ball, and the patient told to look down. If there is anything in the eye the lid should bo kept closed, and tiie affected eye should not be rubbed ; but some times it is a good plan to rub the otiier eye, causing an increased flow of tears, by which means the object may be got rid of ; and blowing the nose will also sometimes draw tlie tears that way and help its removal. Cold water or coid tea may then be applied to subdue any inflammation. Lime, mortar, or plaster in the eye are very dangerous, but if seen directly after the accident they should be treated by syringing with cold weak vinegai and water. If some time has passed 1»- olive oil should be applied. The child should be put to bed. and a doctor fciMit for as soon as possible, to ascertaiu liic amount of the injury. Children will often push some littk object up the nose or into the ear. and this is best left till the surgeou can re move it although it may sometimes' be got out by, a loop of fine wire, or by syringing ; but it must be remembered that a very delicate membrane, called the drum of the ear, is stretched across the end of the outer canal, which is ouly about an inch and a-quartor long, and that if the nozzle of the syringe is pushed in too far. or the syringing is too forcible, or if the syringe is put in in sueh :i way that it interferes with the water flowing out, this membrane may be ruptured, which often leads tc deafness. It is particularly important uever to syringe the ear or nose if a pea. bean, or other substance of that kind is in it as the water will cause those to swell and lessen the chance of get ting them out easily. . . A box on the ear or the firing of a Heavy gun will sometimes rupture the Irum, and then a sort of humming sound is heard like that of a sea-shell placed against the ear. A drop of glycerine aiay be very carefully dropped into the ear, or a little piece of wool put in very lightly at the orifice to break any vibra tions of sound. Poisouing.-r-Children are so curious as to the contents of various cupboards, bottles. &c;, that it is very necessary to be ou one's guard against poisoning. All poisonous articles should be put nigh above their reach, and their ten dency to investigate. the contents of oottles should be checked. I know of. one case in whicfc i baby of 2 years of age died from the effects of drinking nearly j aalf-a-pibt of' raw brandy. Should such i l thing happen, and the child take an I -verdose of alcohol in this way. the aest thlag is to make it sick by giving it a dose of mustard and water or adding the throat with a feather. The ittle ones should not be allowed tc suck :he paint off their toys. It sometimes happens, however, that i child, owing to carelessness or igno -uioe on the. part of its nurse, acci lentally takes poison. In this case, of eourstv treatment chiefly depends on what has l»een taken, if it Js possible to iscertain this ; but if you do not know w-.hat_tlio, -poison is. administer olive oil. ?til seed oil. or salad oil, ami barley water, copiously. If a poison make.* a child' Htfteepy. or Insensible, or very excitea anu ueiirious. give au mielie at once, and this should also be ionc if there is pain in the stomach, iccompanied by vomiting and diarrhoea. A. tablespoaaful of salt in warm water. -r half the quantity of mustard, or a lessertspoonful of Ipecacuanha wiue. in l lltHe less than a tumblerful of warm water., acts, powerfully. ; or th« throat mould be tickled with the finger or a Vather,— ' Home ^fotes.' 1 By a new French law any one louna i guilty of revealing the contents of a pri- ! vate letter will be punished -with impri- - sonment for six days the term to be in- j 2r*B£ed 'where the opening of the letter j is not accidental, even if the contents iave not been divulgod. j Theatrical Item. — ' Do you think that j as a rule people who attend theatres are superstitious ?' ' Do I think so ? j I know it. I have seen people sit (or '? an hour* ^waiting for a ghost to walk.' ' For that matter, the actors themselves : sften wait longer than that.' , 