The Deeming Murders in England. How Tlier Were Discovered. A True Detective Btory. It was bitterly cold In the city on the ©th of March, 1892, and tiny stalactites a. of slowly-thawing ice bung from the heovy moustache of a strongly-built man wlio bad Just come in from the street outside, and was resting his elbows on the mahogany writing-table of one of the largest dealers In dairy produce In Ijondon. The dealer and IiIb visitor talked In rapid confidential toneB upon business matters, upon the prices and qualities and grades of butter, upon the state of the mnrket, cargoes and methods of packing, the present glut and the future prospects of Danish, Normandy, and Australian sorts. Cllng-a-ling-a-ling went an electric-bell across the passage, and in a moment or two a well-drilled omce-boy knocked at the door, and, addressing the latest comer, said, 'You're wanted at the telephone, sir.' The stoutly-built man stepped across to the telephone, and raised the receiver to his ear. ' HuUo, there. Is that you, Lowe V came a voice out of nowhere, disentan gling Itself with difficulty from the con fused current of interwoven noises that crossed each other on the tingling wires. . ' Yes. Who's speaking V 'Townend, at the 'Argus' office. Look here, I want to sec you as soon as possible.' There's a big murder case on in Australia, and we've just got a cable from the office in Melbourne Instructing us to make inquiries at this end. Be as sharp as you can.' Mr. Samuel Lowe, member of the Lon don staff of : the 'Argus,' dropped tbe instrument, hastily apologised to the merchant, and went down the office staircase three steps at a time. Com merce absorbs a large amount of the average pressman's time and attention, but it sinks lntojnslgulfleance in the presence of— Crime. A quarter of an hour later Mr. Lowe and Mr. Townend were staring Intently at the sheet of paper lying on the table before them. The cable message from Melbourne read simply, ' Inquire Scot land Yard. Williams murder. Send por traits. Interview mother.' Mr. Townend looked at Mr. Lowe in terrogatively. Mr. Lowe looked at Mr. Townend affirmatively. ' All right,' he said, 'I'll look after It.' The Bow- street officials were polite but unsatisfactory. They had never heard of a murder in Australia in which a person of the name of Williams was concerned. It was as though one had nsked them for details about a man named Smith'wanted for a forgery com mitted on tbe shores of Baffin's Bay. A close examination of newspaper flies at the Central l^ews Agency foiled to dis close any accounts of the murder men tioned in the cable message, and two bours had passed without the faintest gleam of light being shed upon tbe oc currence. 'Scotland Yard, cabby.' shouted the stoutly-built man through the aperture In the roof of tbe hansom, and sat back In the seat to think hard, as the experi enced London cabhorsc skated over the slippery wood blocks of the Strand, bending for the mysterious building In which the highest detective acumen of England dally gathers up the clues of Information that come rolling In from that- quarter of the globe. So busy. In deed, were the autocrats of the metro politan police and the detective depart ment that they could not even see Mr. Lowe when he sent bis name In by the J. German man-servant. If Mr. Lowe de sired any information he must be kind enough to forward his request by letter. This seemed a little discourteous on the part of Superintendent Shore and Super intendent Anderson, but the occupant of tbe hansom cab had still another string to his bow. and as tbe cnbhorse skated back Into the city Mr. Lowe again de voted himself to an accomplishment which Is, unfortunately, growing rare— that of thinking. As a result of his cogi tations the cabhorse was pulled on to his haunches in front of a red lamp, and Mr. Lowe lost no time in explaining tbe position to an old acquaintance of his— tbe police official in charge. ' I fancy this is what you want,' said tbe officer with a smile as he spread the 'Information sheet' for that very day on the desk before him, and pointed to entry No. 44. which contained a full description of Albert Williams.- wanted for wife murder, at Melbourne, on Christmas Eve, 1801. Tbe entry set forth that Williams spoke with a Lan cashire accent, and stayed formerly at Eainhlll. It was signed by Superintend ent Shore. Mr. Lowe devoured that Information sheet with the hearty appetite of one who has been subjected to semistarva tion for some time past. He committed tbe' entry to memory verbatim, by read ing It over carefully two or three times, a knack which Is always useful to a Journalist. M.'Blowltz, tbe Paris cor respondent of the 'Times,' proved Its value when he learned off tbe terms of peace at the close of the Franco-German War In one reading, and telegraphed them in extenso to his paper. .Only M. Blowlte was dealing with murder on tbe grand scale— tbe murder that Is com mitted with trrane and shrapnel and nflvmipts nt the charge Whpn Mr. Lowe rernrnetf to Scotland Turd after a hurried visit to the 'Argus' office In Fleet-street be had a letter from Mr. Townend to Superintendent Shore requesting information, in hie pnrket. and he had the information It self up bis sleeve. Warned by his pie . ' vio«8 experience, he omitted the forma lity of sending In his card, and running np a flight of stone sfeps and along a pnsenee, entered Superintendent Shore's private room, and Introduced himself -n perRon. The superintendent eyed him coldly, and read the letter asking for particulars as to the murder and for tbe address of 'Mrs, Williams' In Liver pool. ' I know nothing at all about It,' said the. superintendent in tbe measured tones of a man who has learnt by long experience to be economical In adminis tering his stock of veracity ; ' and, moreover,' he .added with engaging ' frankness, ' If I did know, I should not tell you.' Mr. Lowe leaned across tbe table with ?;, a queer smile and looked straight Into tbe superintendent's eyes. 'As yon know nothing about tbe matter,' be said, ' perhaps yon will allow me to enlighten yon. Albert Williams mur dered bis wife In Melbourne on Christ ? mas Eve. He formerly stayed at Haln ? bill. Be speaks with a strong Lanca shire accent, and there Is a detailed ?'?: description of him published in the forty-fourth entry In to-day's In forma s . tlou sheet. It is doubtless correct, for the memo, benrs your own signature, Superintendent Short1.' The superintendent sprang to his feet. ' The man who-told you UiiB shall be dismissed from tbe force,' he hissed with au oath. ' Don't you think you had better find him first V' replied the other with just the suspicion of a sneer, ' and you may discover, when jou Imve got him, that he is not under your authority. The city police an-1 the metropolitan con stabulary are very different bodies, as you know.' Few meu would attempt 'to bluff a Scotland Yqjd superintendent In his own milieu, but. Mr. Lowe tried It on for the sake of the friendly police officer who had shown him the informa tion sheet The bluff came off, and the king of clubs was safe, but the superin tendent never knew that it was the only card In his opponent's hand. ' I am going to Liverpool to-night,' Mr. Lowe remarked ns lie buttoned his overcoat, ' to follow tills thing up.' ' We shall be delighted to hear of your discoveries,' snld the superinten dent sarcastically. ' By tbe way, when you get to Liverpool' you might call- on Inspector Williams— be Is in charge there— and tell him that his brother has committed a murder In Australia. He will be so pleased to see you.' 'Thanks for tbe hint,' rejoined the pressman. ' I shall certainly call on Inspector Williams. I shall tell him that I do so at your request, aud that I am Instructed by the Scotland Yard authorities to furnish them with any Information that I mar gather. Your recommendation will, no doubt, be of great service to me.' And he bowed himself out, leaving Superintendent Shore fully three Inches smaller In sta ture than he had beeu before the com mencement of the Interview. ' Where the deuce is Rainhill ?' asked Mr. Lowe anxiously In tbe office after wards. ' Rainhill,' replied Mr/Townend ora cularly,' emerging from a dusty tile of the ' Liverpool Post,' ' appears to be a lunatic asylum about ten miles out of Liverpool, but you had better hurry up. or you will miss the express.' ' It seems to be rather a wild-goose chase, doesn't it V' said Mr. Lowe. ' Mr. Townend looked at bim straight. ' It's tbe biggest wild- goose chase a man was ever sent on,' he said, 'but we have our Instructions, and we must carry them out.' Then lie turned out his pockets, and produced a couple of sove reigns, and 4s. 3d. in silver, which he ??anded to Mr. Lowe, remarking that the banks were closed, and that ho would want some money. The petty cash-box yielded another £10, and with this provision against immediate neces sities the amateur detective entered the next stage of the inquiry— and a cosy first-class on the 10.5 p.m. express to Liverpool. Half-past 9 next morning found him at the headquarters of tbe Liverpool detec tive department in Dale-street, and the officer In charge, though at first sus picious and reticent, gradually thawed under tbe Influence of the strong per sonal recommendations from Superin tendent Shore, which Mr. Lowe pre sented glibly by word of mouth, adding, with a deft adaptation of the superin tendent's sarcasm, that he was com missioned by the Scotland Yard authori ties to furnish them with all possible Information about the murder. Thus it was. that be enlisted tbe assistance of the officer, who, by merely pressing an electric button, summoned to tbe joint consultation a constable who was well acquainted with Rainhill, and in the space of a few minutes Mr. Lowe learned that Rainhill was a' township with a population of about 2000, that it contained a lunatic asylum, two churches, and a railway station on the Liverpool and Manchester line. But the constable knew no one there of the name of Williams. Mr. Lowe ruminated for a few mo ments, chewing the end of his big mous tache. ' Can you put me on to the local gossip ?' he said. ' the man or woman who takes an Intelligent Interest in other people's business, and knows all about the births, deaths, and particu larly marriages that have taken place in Rainhill for the last twenty years or so?' ' There's John Hlgham,' said tbe con stable reflectively. ' He's the local letter-carrier, and be knows every one in the place. Perhaps he might help you.' Of course ; just the very man, and Mr. Lowe felt that he was close to the haunts of the wild goose after all. It bad been snowing and blowing bard, all night with thunder and lightning, and hurrvlne sanalls of hall and sleet But when Mr. Lowe reached RninliHl the storm was over, though the soft, white, newly-fallen snow covered the whole township like a shroud. He des patched a lad from the railway station in search of John Higham, who presently appeared, wheezing, and opened 1i!b old eyes in astonishment at tbe tale which the stranger liad to tell of a squatter king who bad died In Australia, leaving a fortune of fabulous amount to his next of kin. a person of the name of Williams, formerly of Rainhill. Old Higham knew two ladies of the name of Williams, who were both Interviewed at once, and left to their own flustered anticipations no soon as Mr. Lowe had satisfied himself that they could have no possible connec tion with the murder. Herp the scent was lost temporarily, and be had to cart nbout patiently to recover It. As he walked down the street w.ith old Hic ham, therp appeared nnon the scene vonne Hicham, n strlnllng of 18. who nsBlsterl IiIr father with the delivery of Hie malls. To him the old man unfolded the story of the fortune which had been 'eft In Australia, and of tbe efforts which were being made to recover the lone lost be''-, a lucky Individual named Al bert Wllllnms. The bnv's features worked In n des neratp effort to utorp thp thread of fiomp associations, and then his pyps took on n new llcrht. glowing with the joy of a great discovery. 41 Ferther.' he said, speaking In the long, llnnld. Lancashire drawl, 'doan* 'p molnd thot fheer Wllllnms as room'ii to Rfllnbtll last 'arvest-tolmo. Mnvhap 'e wur thn feller. ..'Im fs married Kmmle Mather an' took 'or off to Chaney ?' ' Ay. ny. sewerly.' the old roan re sponded. ' I molnd Mm well, ma lnd. 'R rented Dlnham Villa from Mrs. Hayes, nn' Ben Youne cemented /lie kltchlne floor fur 'Im. Dear. denr. so 'es eoom'd Into a fortln. I ballus.lhowt theer wur snthtn' qnnre wP him nToor 'e went away. Ay, thot's 'Im. sewerly.' Mr. Lowe gave nn Involuntary ex clamation 'of surprised delight When hounds are hunting live game and they nick up the scent again after a chock they always give tongue. ' When did you say he married lier, my lad ?' he said. ' Last arvest-tolme.' replied the lad. 'oop at tha choorch yonder. They wur married by passon 'Isself, an' yo can see tba stlffklt If yo lolke. But ?ere coomB Joe Pickering, 'e marrle 1 Emmie Mather's sister, an' 'e can fell you moor o' Wlllums than me.' Joe Pickering, a stalwart young car penter, remembered Williams perfectly, I ana recollected doing tbe woodwork in the scullery at Dlnham Villa when llm cementing of the llomi, was being cur ried out by Ben Young. Moreover, he hud lately seen a letter written to Mrs. Mather by Williams from Melbourne, in Australia, In which Williams said that 'dear Ifimlly was. quite happy, aud In the best of health.' Tbe letter was dated sometime in January. There could no longer be any tloubt in Mr. Lowe's mind that be was on the right scent, and he almost whistled as be remembered that tbe unfortunate ' dear Einlly' -was inunlcied by tin1 polite letter- writer on Christmas Eve. Highaui.'sen., in bis capacity of parish clerk, soon found tbe marriage resistor In the vestry of the old church, anil turned up an entry relating to the mar riage of Albert Oliver Williams, bache lor, and Emily Mather, spinster, A copy of the entry would cost 3s. 7d., In remarked meaningly. Mr. Lowe liamled over the fee, as well as a couple of half-crowns for tliS old man's private, purse.. ' Yo woant wont the inunny Imrfi If it's not tha rolght Wlllums, will 'a 9 said the careful clertf; and wben re assured on the point went off to call tbe ' passon:' Mrs. Mather and her daughter, Mrs. Pickering, were both at home wben Mr. Lowe called, and was shown Into the neat little parlour, with Its horse hair sofa and armchair, its cheap Ger man prints on the walls, and its square table in the middle of the room, with a brass-bound family Bible lying mathe matically in the centre. The visitor introduced himself by handing the old lady his card. 'I re present the Melbourne ' Argus,' ' he be gan, 'and also (after a short pause) Scotland Yard. I want, to ask you about a Mr. Williams who married your daughter last September.' It was wonderful how readily Mrs. Mather talked. She bad bad the letting of Dlnham Villa, which belonged to Mrs. Hayes, and applicants to view tbe pro perty had to come to her for the key. Mr. Williams wished to take the house. and when he came for the key he met Emily. He fell very much In love with Emily, and almost at once proposed marriage. The marriage came off in a very short time, anil was celebrated by a dance in Dinham Villa, in the kit chen, which had been newly cemented. Certainly some of the neighbours had blamed her for allowing 'Tier daughter to marry a man whom no one knew anything about, but he was a free handed, well-spoken man, and he had promised her a good home. They were very happy together, and Emily had written several letters home since they had left.. Her last letter was, dated from Colombo, but her husband had written from Melbourne. ''Now. Mrs. Mather,' said Mr. Lowe, ' I want to nsk you about your daugh ter.' The old lady looked up at him sharply. ' I want to know first. ' she said, ' what you are driving at, and I wilUnot say another word until you tell me.' Mrs. Mather,' said Mr. Lowe, ' I have something very painful to say to you. I am going to tell you now about two people, a man anil a woman. Tbe man, I am positive. Is Albert Oliver Williams. Tbe woman. may be your daughter, or it may be the woman who, I have as certained, came to Rainhill to visit Wil liams as bis sister, hut who, I have rea son to believe, was Ills wife. Williams murdered his wife in Melbourne on last Christmas Eve.' Almost before he bad finished speak ing Mrs. Mather bad fainted, and it was not without some difficulty that Mr. Lowe and Mrs. Pickering together managed to revive her. Then he told her all that he knew, weaving tbe tan gled scraps of information together Into as consistent a whole as possible. But there were still some terrible gaps to be filled up. ' Mind you, I do not believe that it Is your daugbt) r who has been murdered,' said Mr. Lowe, arguing against his own convictions. ' I think it is very pro bable that his real wife, who visited bim here at Dinham Villa, followed him to Melbourne, and that when she made her self known to him there, and reproached him for his desertion, be took her life.' It was a plausible hypothesis, and it was of priceless value just then, for it enabled Mrs. Mather to hope. With her hopes her strength revived, and unlock ing an old- fashioned secretaire she took out all the letters -written by Emily Mather since her marriage, and also portraits of both tbe bride and bride groom. After a little persuasion sbe handed the letters and portraits to Mr. Lowe, who desired to take them to Lon don and get them copied, receiving in return an assurance that they would be safely guarded and given back unin jured. ' Now, you must tell no one what I have told you,' said Lowe as he took his leave. ' It Is absolutely necessary thai you preserve the strictest secrecy.' And the old lady, terrified and full of vague misgivings, pledged herself to silence. When Mr. Lowe rook his seat In the up express for London he had good reason to congratulate himself upon bis day's work. He had succeeded beyond bis most sanguine anticipations, and he had imtde bis position secure by closing tbe door completely against subsequent In quirers for information. Not only bad he extracted a promise of silence from the one living individual capable of giving positive information about the murderer, but he had swept off nil tbe letters and all the portraits as well that Is to say, all the documentary evi dence and all means of Identification. After rifling the treasure chamber he had locked the door, aud left with tbe key In his pocket. Next morning, the ' Argus,' away on the other side of the globe, published an interview, three-quarters of a column long, with the mother of the hapless Lancashire girl whose remains had been dug up a few days before from the ce mented grave In tbe house at Windsor. It was the' first of a scries of perhaps the most remarkable coups ever known in the history of Australian Journalism. Backwards and forwards between Lon don and Liverpool went the restless Mr. Lowe, collecting' and piecing together all the ravelled ends of hearsay, all the tangled strands of Inference, all tbe stray fibres of circumstantial and direct evidence, until tie had made a rope that was strong enough ^o hang a man. And yet b'e was only at tbe commencement of bis task. It was strange how tbat other woman, the sister, or, more probably, the wife of Williams, who bail visited him at BalnhlU with her four children, kept on Intruding into Mr. Lowe's busy brain. She quite upset bis calculations. It was odd that, In spite of,, all his efforts, he could find no trace of her whereabouts. Sbe and her four children were like so many unquiet ghosts that refused to be laid until they were avenged. As this last thought struck him, Mr. Lowe lifted his hand to bis forehead 'find found It wet. He was sweating from sheer excitement. A vague Idea came to him, stayed with him, and finally possessed him. He hurried from London to Kalnhlll ouce more, and bunted out Ben Young, tbe man who, bad cemented the floors of ! the kitchen and scullery iu Dlnham Villa under instructions from Williams. 1 ' Where did you get the cement from, Ben V was the first eager question. ' It wur In the coocb 'ouse,' said Ben. To the coachhouse accordingly they went, and sure enough they found there three empty barrels which bad evident ly contained cenieuf 1 ' Did you use all the cement out of the three barrels ?' asked Mr. Lowe. I ' Naw,' said Ben Young. ! 'How much did you, use, then 7 For heaven's sake, hurry 'up, my good mftn. It's a matter of life and death.' Ben Young collected Ills thoughts deliberately. ' A laaid doon tha stoof oot o' two o' they barls,' he replied, with irritating slowness. ' A knaw nowt a ltoo t this 'ere other wonn. It wur emp ty afoor a got tha Job.*' i ' Empty before you got the Job ?' , echoed Mr. Lowe with a ring of a strengthening conviction In his voice. ' Then what became of the cement from that barrel T .' The village plasterer wagged his head slowly from side to side, but never a word spake be. Mr. Lowe might as well have asked him ''what *ad become of the snows of yester-year. ? Then a great-light flashed in upon the amateur detective's brain, illuminating all that was black a moment before, and silhouetting in the sharpest outlines ob jects which np to that moment had been . wrapped In darkness. When the line of -battle-ship shows her mighty search light every detail of the torpedo boat stands revealed, painted in black upon a disc of blinding white. I 'Where the missing barrel of cement Is there I shall find the missing woman . also,' said Mr. Lowe, half to himself. I and darted off to submit his Ideas . to Sergeant Chlpchase, the local constable, , with whom he at once concluded an offensive and defensive alliance against the outside world. Sergeant Chipchase laid the facts before the district super intendent, an official named Kelly, and the digging then began In Dinham Villa, under Mr. Iwwe's direction, a digging the result of which most gruesornely , verified the calculations which that far sighted individual had worked out. And so It was that this Childe Ronald i to bis Dark Tower came. I Four sweating constables armed with' pickaxes carried out this strange exhu mation. Under tbe stone floor of the kitchen they came upon tbe icement from the third barrel, and In the cement . they came upon the bodips of a woman 1 aud four children. The woman and three of tbe children bad their throats cut from ear to ear, and the fourth child had beeu strangled with a piece of clothes line, which was still round Its neck. Mr. Lowe had an unusually Interest Ing cable message to send to the 'Argus' in Melbourne tbat afternoon, and in just a week from the day on which he received his first instructions he sent r complete report of the murders which he had been mainly Instrumental In dis covering, and witli which nil England was ringing some hours after. When the story of the Rainhill mur ders was published In the 'Argus,' alone of all the Melbourne papers next morning. Albert Oliver Williams, nllas Frederick Bailey Deemlnir. was already on his way from Southern Cross In custody. If tbe Windsor charge broke down, the Rainhill case would hang bim safely enough. 'Ah! Mr. Lowe, glad to see you.' said Superintendent Shore next day. stretching out his hand cordially to hlR visitor. ' Let mo congratulate you upon the smartest plecp of detective work that has been done In England for many years.' 