Tiro Distingaishel Exfles. Sometimes yon "will meet men who tiring np scenes that are of the past and are almost forgotten. They bring up old memories—old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is but a short time ago that I saw Oakey in London, and what, recollections of New York under the reign of Tweed he brought up' Those were great days for Hall, and foi men who were a great deal worse than he. "What a .fellow of infinite jest he was, and what a bright spot, he made She Major's office in New York some twenty years ago. The older newspaper men, - politicians and men about town will long remember ifs attractiveless. He would have been a rash man in those days who would have attempted to prophecy the height in the temple of fame to which this brilliant and witty man might not climb. What prophet could foresee that this gifted and once popular 'man was to pass the evening of his life practically in exile in a foreign land, leaving behind him on the field of his early triumphs nothing but shattered ambitions. Yet this was to be. . In a small cafe in a somewhat unfrequented part of Paris the other day 1 saw another man who recalled a case the fame of which was world-wide. He was sitting at a table, seemingly buried in thought of a not pleasant character and oblivions of his surroundings. He had an intellectual face5 but on it there were deep lines that told of past suffer- . ings. His. long: hair was gray—prematurely ^ray. His shouldgrs were pent, and there was a moody, brooding look on Ms face. Bat he was evidently a tall man, and some years ago must have been a handsome man. As he sat at the table he looked like a strong man borne down by the memory of some great sorrow ofthepast. Presently he arose and walked out without looking to the right or the left, and -then I recognized bimJ although it has been years since I saw before. It was Thecdore Tilton, the once famous editor of the New York Independent But how changed. In the days of his. popularity, tall, srect, strong and handsome; now a broken, •prematurely old mail. He is doing some sort of literary work" here, - but no one seems to know just what it is. I could not bat think, after .seeing the man, ihat the scandal in which this man's life was wrecked was • more than ^ mere scandaL It was, in fact, a tragedy. The circle of the chief actqrs in it is narrowing. The greatest of them is dead, so are others, among them some of the lawyers ^and several of the jury. One of the lawyers, Benjamin F. Tracy, is in the Cabinet of the President of the United States. .. Mrs. Tilton is more fortunately situated. than her husband, -for sbe has the company «nd sympathy,of her children. ^But Theodpre Tilton haunts out-of-the- '*way places in" Paris, seeldng neiaier friends .nor friendships, a miserable wid broken man. ' - '' Tn', which - every one knows, bill which few, except 'men of science and metallurgists, ere acquainted with, is one of the most precious and most interesting metals. After gold and silver itis intrinsically the most precious of those in use 'It is nearly of the same oclor and almost as bright as silTOrt.bQi has less resistance and is less valuable. When wairmed by friction it has a pronounced-odor and taste. ^ When itis bent, the derangement of the ciystals of which its mass is formed, onuses it, without;any fracture taking place, to emit a peculiar soond, which metallurgists caU- its cry,: wad by , means of which an .expert can nearly determine iisdegree ofpurityi The places whrfre ia produced are. lew, scattered eparsely over the face of the globe; and it disgnises itself under the forzn of a blackisluninetal, which, tbjthe prateW eye, gives no sign .of the treasure that Is within it. One .of the richest» Bsivell as the most ancient tin minini^ districts is in the Malay Peninsbla, the Ck>ld©E Chersonesus of.the The oame of th9 province, Perak, ngnifiBS sil ver, -but j^lur pecoliai-fy UiefKymno* : af tin,- 1 •* " 'H 