BAHABtS. He Iiad just moved into his new lodk- Ings and-had endeavored' to make 4the bare, cheerless room a little more hoirielike, but, though the photographs were scattered about, his pipe-rack nailed •over the mantel shelf, surmounted by: a •neat and effective border of Unpaid bills. sundry writs and County Coiirt ioUcea) lie-was yet unsatisfied with the genera effect. -•j- Of course- there wak a vast difference between the luxurious quarters in Murray Hill, which he had just vacated, and these small, stifling rooms with their horsehair furniture, but he was somewhat «f a philosopher, and his motto was to go with the tide. ' This time," however, the current had been too, strong, and he found himself at last stranded, with an allowance of L200 a "year, the last remnant of 1 the handsome fortune that had once been Ills. * ' The fault was entirely his own. " He frankly admitted it, though most men •would have laid the blame on the woman who was the primary cause of it all, but he did not condemn her. He also had been to blame. She was T>oor, and he had made love to her under false colors—had led her to believe he' was a poor "Government clerk at a skl- .s-ryjDf £.150 a year. His object at first ' tiad been purely for his own alnuseimegt, but she tv&s; not the kind of woman fitted to be a man's plaything, and the game had ended in deadly earnest. TJierefore. it was with some trepidation that he had written, confessing;that which he had concealed from her. • He was scarcely prepared, however, for the curt reply that came: '-i am going away to-day. t3obd-bye." Mechanically he opened the drawer of the writing table at which he- stood. It was full of papers and little womanly trifles, evidently the; property of the former occupant of the room." Unconsciously he commenced to read the paper in his band—the writing was blurred and irregular, as though written by some one in ill-health: .. "Dear, why do I think of you to-day? It seems as though you must be near, or is it because it is spring time and my room is full of yellow daffodils. I am writing a letter to you, one that you will never receive—for all I know you may be dead, or, even married. It does not seem so long since Ave met, though I know it is years ago. I wonder if you would be glad to know that I to-day -am • thinking of you; that out of the desolate •gray comes a vague, sweet dream, that : brings-you near to me. To-morrow it will be winter again—winter in my heart— and I shall tear up this letter; |>ut to-day the dreariness has faded. There is no touch of scorn to freeze my heart,; no kisses cold as death to chill my lips—no silence that aches round me - with its worldless pain . . . ...'I hear the whisper of spring.that breathes ef hope; I -feel the touch of clinging hands—your liair against my,cheek. Dear, whom I might not know were I to meet you; now, do you doubt any love, that you let me go out of your life without a word or a sign that you cared——" Here the writing terminated abruptly. The reader stood as in a dream, spring straight before him into the dingy street. Her handwriting! It was a.s though ghost had risen to confront, him. A knock at the door aroused him from his stupor, and the landlady bustled in with the tea tray; her quick eyes caught eight of .the open drawer. "Good laws, I meant to clear that out, sir!" she! exclaimed, "but the poor young lady being out of my head." ! *Ts—is she dead?" he faltered. A deadly fear had taken possession of him; his face paled to ashen hue. - ! -tCttatBevray j fetttttthe good woman, -cheerfully. "I went .to see her last week'at the 'orspital, but the doctor don't give -any : hope.-of her gettin' better." ". v As she spoke =she swept the contents, of the drawer into, her apron,aud he winced, . .ajthe sight—to him it seemed like dese- : pration, and his hand closed convulsively on the letter he- held.- "Which hospital was she taken to?!' he asked, steadying his voice with an effort." "The one just around in the square, sir," answered the woman.. Then, in hurried apology: "You'll be wantin' your tea, sir; you look tired." i As the door closed on her portly fiorm l»e droppedhis head "in.his hands. "Good God!" he groaned,.."a whole week has passed; ; she may be dead." It was visiting day at the hospital; the ward -was. bright with spring .flowers, and brighter faces lit up by that pathetic, wistful expectancy characteristic of the sick. There was an eager .hum of voices, too, bushed occasionally by. an admonishing word from the nurse in charge. In the same ward, railed oil by a curtained screen from the .other pa tients, lay a girt asleep. No visitor ever came fbr her save the doctor, and sometimes -the woman from where she had once lodged, but the nurse, in kindly sympathy-had placed a bowl of fresh daffodils'where" her tired eyes could s^e -them on awakening.'.The doctor gave no hope of the patient's recovery, and so", .with womanly pity, she tried to make the girl's last days as happy as possible. Before the afternoon was half over, a gentleman called, and asked , to .see No. 20\. "She is not expected to live," said the nurse, studying the white, anxious face before her. "Are you a friend? She has no relatives, I think." . "Tes—a friend. That is, I knew her • years ago," he said, hesitatingly. " "Perhaps you-had better break it. to her first; it might startle her." \- As the nurse went back the girl opened her great brown eyes, her ears caught the sound of merry laughter , and her gaze wandered- -to the daffodils ; longing lo6k crept into her eyes. "Who brought me the-flowers, nurse?" she asked in a kind of breathless • wonder, and a sudden idea took possession, of the nurse.' "A gentleman; a friend who knew you years ago," she replied. A deep flush dyed the girl's white cheeks. "Is'heher^?" she said eagerly,, .and the white, wasted hands opened and closed convulsively. "Yes, dear, and if you'll promise not to excite yourself you shall see him for a. ' few'minutes," jsaid the nurse, sbothing r ly, ' and' forthwith, ushered, in the visitor. -'-- •" • " • - ' • • -•• •.-.-. With "a stifled cry herfell on his knees by the bed. "Damaris!" he said, and the girl touched his rough curls. "You have come back;" she; whispered, with ; I' half incredirfousL joy.. The murse- diopped the curtain and le#. them together. "I knew y«u would come when I saw . : the daffodils," she went on, with a tre- -. - mor-of eagerness.. "Don't you" remem- . ber, dftar, how .we met in the",time of daffodils, .and how happy we were?" He tppli. the little . trembling hands and kissed them ' passionately. " You didn't receive my letter that I wrote six years ago, asking y<m to marry me and telling how I had deceived 3.-0u,'- he ... jsaid. . . .... ; s*'£)id j-ou deceive me? It dbesh*t mat- : rAer," she smiled;. "nothing 1 matters- now ypu.liave come back to me." v -Be kissed the small white -face. *You ' will get better, Danaaris," "he pieiwieS, !toiwS .f.3a.on*f ffeerve itr" • '«••.•• : 'tO^Sis' face in her two hands. "-- fV^V coyja leave yo U a ll • paO^eticahy, • ^••wlfo^wiirn&t; '1ie"t8«W,-" smoth ^tangfe. a»|3ove inilff stesid mte^Sntefld- News?' 