ROWLEY'S WAXWORKS AND LONDON: COMPANY. Rowley's ..Waxworks and London .Com pany opened on Saturday evening in the Town Hall to a first-class andience, who were not only ^edified With the large number at fine waxwork figures 'bn view,, but were thoroughly pleased' and satisfied ' with the really capital entertainment pro vided by the company which Mr. Bowley has engaged. The Oddfellows' Brass Band played a number of pleasing selections in front of the hall before the entertainment commenced. - Since the proprietor was here some years ago he has added largely to his collodion of figures, whioh now consists of quite an imposing array, ranged along both sides of the hall, and' comprising celebrities of all nations, from Queen Vic toria,' Lord'' Nelson, General and Mrs. Booth, to. Ned Kelly, Mrs. Maybriek, Deeming, ' &c.;, &e.; The eostumeB worn by some of these are quite gorgeous,' and evidently valuable, and in this item alone Mr. Rowley must have gone to considerable expense. Each compartment containing the figures is hung with tapestry and nicely oarpcled, and altogether the waxwecks are far and aw&y; the best that have been Been in this town. Around the room are a number of beautiful stereoscopic views of volcanos, naval engagements, celebrated buildings, such as Westminister Abbey, tho Tower of London,.&c.;, besides the ingenious psnny-in-the-slot contrivances which are interesting and instructive. Tbe ever-new Punch and J udy show by Professor Antonio, was as usual a source of great amusement to both old and young, and was capitally worked by the Professor. Mr. YanteU's performance on the triple horizontal bars, assisted by the dummy clown, was really an excel lent and daring gymnastic display. The lightning oil painting by Profossor Beckford, who, in full view of the audience, paints a capital picture upside down in a few minutes, waB a clever piece of artistic work, which drew forth the enoomiums of the large company of onlookers. The clever whistling performance and nigger funniosi ties of Mr. Ward Lear were very good, and elicited an encore, which was willingly responded to. His imitations of the fowl stealing Chinaman and other mimic items j were also much appreciated. Mr. Charles Griffin showed himself a master of the art of juggling, and also - gave a first-class display of difficult balancing, and Ethardo's clever manipulation of the piece of paper were well worth seeing. The entertainment concluded with the laughable farce ' The Ghost in ? Pawnshop,' after which those present bad another look around the hall, and left quite satisfied that taken all round the entertainment was undoubtedly a capital one, and the cheapest that has ever been seen in this town. It 'was announced that on acpount ol previous engagements Mr. Rowley would be unable to stay in Marybo rough more than a few nights, so that those desirous ot witnessing an interesting and entertaining performance, as well as tbe large collection of excellent wax figures, would do well to avail themselves of the opportunity. The show will be open again this afternoon and evening as advertised in our business columns. ' ? 