\-- A North Queensland Story. - t By iTon Kotze. (For the "North Queensland Register.') (Copyright) nr. Sturt was apparently regaining. ht(r T HE Day after the storm pas&ed; very quietly at Riverside,. iAvf strength, but at times she relap^diiuu> a comdJicse state that perplexed. anA frightened' bar nuiraes. They icon&oled; themselves, however, with the hope, that a few days complete rest and ex «mpttoa from ,the. unaefcustooifed yror rles of the -household would entirely restore thefmil body to heath. .» . ? And.tiext morning, James Sturt, whose imigfo constitution had elaftic aUy withetood the night's drenching . and sleeplessness, saddled his horae' to take a .look,round and eoe what ; the radaiia^ done. ; {. ? ? r "Theffe's 4 -letter, from mother;. koko brought it up ;*r«ra; the mail box ithis morning," cried Emily, as her broth er sa/t down-to an early breakfast. "She will be back in a fortnight/' f-. Start frowned, and hie sister laughed, * but somewhat half-heartedly. i 'Tia; glad she, ain't heirei nbw," he eald at last. A»d the girl, with a edgh, echoed the sentiment . . . Mra &turt; senior was notbelGvedby hefchildren. In a country that al l0WBj0f a youngster looking after him self :at an early age alrlady.; In k flew landwhere there is plenty, of roon^for everybody, young andiold, filial revet1' ,efcce>?lfl not assisted by the physical necessity of dependence. After all, the ? commandment concerning the relation of parents and offspring is nowhere 80 fcirenitly obeyed -ha among those classes that can att&rq; to, hold out a premium for the virtue. When your fathpr Is a millionaire^ it ooraes ?natur al to^you.to treat him with reepett. And on the whole the aUefaed ,.debt ofgratitude oneowes to ciMte-mother, has been! conventionally, exaggerated In to something like cant. .Themaere fact of having been , born into this cold frurid supplies in the majority tof eases ' scarcely sufficient reason tor hysteri cal thanks. It is the first .decade of a' child's life that determines whether the mother is; entitled to what mail-, "kind* is eo proneto c&imfor1; her, Mr respective of deserts. . v ^ And Mrs Sturt had failed to arouse atfectloh. Shohad tuledbyfear, ans when her children learnt taavoidher, and feel'relief in her i absence only, herfioured temper grew ®tlll moreacdd* and disagreeable. But as shg had tak- v ' en g^od, care to Tjttfcriy subjugaieher h'utfbttnd for a start, the reins of «ov ernment had eren with Jim'smatiiage not slipped, from her hands. To the inmate® &f; Riverside ifctrai like a holiday, this absence of "Mother" on avieit to an old friend down Soutu. "Lizzy is asleep," £tujt said, after a pause.' "Doft't distufb her,. Em, till 1 comeback." . ,v "Where aire you to?" "Oh, only round the boundary fence, and acrosajthe river. I shan't be away long.*' ' "Will you-will you pass Mr Fen wick's Cainjy?"- . . Sturt raised his eyebrows in surprise at the 'Mr Fenwick^ but answered good humoredly. 'Yes, I'll have a look in. Wonder why he didn't call yesterday, ?eh, Em? "I-I think," faltered the girl, "he .doesn't know that mother is away. Z never toJd him." . . Jim: grapnea Drqaaiy. rue battles royal bfetwfeferi old Mi's Sturt and "that Vagabond". Cbfirles had supplied the bulk of anmae»ettt la his monotonous life of two years ago. , "You need not laugh," Emily firefl up. "I think you-f would have been jut as much afraid if you were in Char lie's place." Sturt smiled ?indixlgently and lighting Ills pipe, l&t; tha houafc. ; "You wbfc't forget, Jim?" "Alright; my girl," he shouted back. "I'll tell him1 how you are pining for his presence." "Jim!" She soreameid. 'If you dare-' : But the threat was lost in a clatter of hoofs, and with a very red face Emily turned to her household duties; fcr the whole of the work had devolv ed on her shoulders. And Nina was So horridly awkward. She could not even wash.up without breaking half the crockery. ' uown tne tracK stun was naing, une early breeze caressing bis face, the pleasant smell of the wet earth in his nostrils, and under him the springy movements eff Ms horse, that seenied to have been imbued with new life like the landscape around, And strange to say, while the. storm and the dark ofess of1 the Devire. Gap had had no terrors for him, (this atmosphere of rejuvenated life, this glorious morning of, promise, took hold of his every hope And thought. Each merve, each muscle in his bady eef®iied to be in mysterious ' rapfort with the surrounding primeval nature; each braAncell unconsciously vibrated in answer to the greeting rustleM3f the leaves; and his blood eb ifyQd and flowed iri'uniscn with the ris 'ingimp in the berk. Tlieile must exist a close relationship between^ alljCrpaitures born in freedom, a neJatlonflhip that overlaps the laws ofages, the rule® of evolution and heredity, A soughing: tree seems to the child of the bush closer allied by birth, of a nearer kindred, than the men that live in the cities aud speak the same language and think such diff h erent thoughts. For Nature re-acts elm ilarly and directly on all living, things that come into continual and close con tact with her, till tliey are bound to gether by a subtle tie <of elective affin ity. But Nature levels downwards; and this continuous communion with her lowest life form is not calculated to develop intellectuality. Nature ' is ini mical to intellect, and vice versa, and works constantly for instinct. - And in stinct means uncoiiscionsnsss. Mr James Sturt would have smiled contemptuously if one had propounded to him this theory of affinity. He" did not see beauty in the bush, or fecil' the poetry'of a soft sunset; so he would have, argued. But be did, for all that; only his soul, the principle, of bis be ing), assimilated these things without calling the attention of the brain to the fact. And so they passed, in un noticed, but not unfruitful. At present the ferment of joy that began to fill the rider's sinewy frame with the intoxioatipn of living: found expression in rather a prosaic form: . "By jingo!"1 he muttered gleefully; "that drop of rain ought to fetch the grass. Just in time to save mv fats. And there is more coming:, it Fm not very much mistaken. It's the break up of the drought right enough," And ttien he gave a yell that sent the echo knocking about franticallybetween the rooks and down- the river banks, and startled the restless horse into a canter. But Jim pulled up again ash amed at his exuberance!, as the picture of a pale,, suffering face rose before his mental vision. With an air as of a man resigning himself to a show of lugubriousness, for propriety's sake, he kept his horse down to a fun?ireal walk. And then he fell to thinking. That was an occupation som&whajt; foreign to his mature, and he had just managed to hopelessly entangle his ideas in. an attempt to solve the riddle* of Lizzy's strange conduct, when a. joyous bark . awoke him out of his reverie, and glancing back he saw a big kangaroo dog bounding along the track. "Hallo, Hover, you thief! Hew did you get away?" And as the dog, fully aware of his misbehaviour, began a lengthy and wholly untruthful texplanation, com pounded ot many wriggles and whines and hypocritical gestures, hd cried: "Never mind^you old sinner; come for a gallop!" And away they went through the morning freshness, thn rain drops scat tering from the branches, the screech ing galahs and smew whit© cockatoos resenting the intrusion in utterly un printable language. But when, eome hours, later, after a careful review of his lease, and a run down the boundary fence, thai had a knack of breaking just where bis best PbAoTSss of feed lay tantalising the hungry beasts of the neighboring run. he found himself en his way homo again, a re-action set in. The elation that' had sustained him. that had bv sheer fore© of vitality driven out all eadnoss and despondency, ebbed away, and left him stranded among the land marks and wrecks of bygone days. Noon Is the hour when the ghosts of the bush arise. Night, cool, refreeh l I ing nights lias no tgirrors out there} she is the refuge, from the cruel torture of the sun, the ravaging thirst of the desert. But at midday, wifren tbe still ness of death broods* over the land, mirage and madness Ifcave,,, thoir lair, and. hand in. hand haunt thet hillsi&ea;' and plains. ; . And as Sturt was ambling along the track that had- already grown dusty and parchcd again, he could not banish the ghosts' that walked, beside him. There was nothing; morbid about tbe man, hut his impeVyiousneKs to men tal affectations had pne weak epcit-his lovb {or his wife. Again and, again that scene in the Gap ar^ea,. and he brooded ever it till his head began to ache and his bfain to whirl, and he drifted helplessly further and further back into the past. James Sturt hud been thai breadwin ner of thei family ever since his iach er'e disablement. They had ownsd a farm down in Victoria, far from rail was- communication, in the dry Mallea country: or at least- they held the title, while the bank had the mort gage. Both Jim and his sister had1 been born there, and their earliest sur roundings, from a financial point of View, had been' hopeful enough. But, bad, seasons and worse markete began, to tell, especially as their mother in sisted on, keeping up a certain amount of anneflranoes. A very tiny, fraction of gentility would have sufficed In. that neighbor hood; but even* the most inexpensive luxuries in time became impossible to the impoverished,family, and they sank slowly, hopelessly into' the all devour ing bog that 6\vatlow& so many prom ising lives in- the farming districts: of Australia's back flocks. ? The sordid struggle tor a mere pit tance that had embittered 'their parents lives, threatened to stifle hope and hu manity In the children also. They wera growing up into replica of the young men and women around, loutish, idiot ic,, vacuous-eyed, narrow minded. The back-breaking, unprofitable labor was beginning to eat out their hearts, to make callous machines of them, to stul tify and brutalize their naturei, when a piece of good luck lifted them out of the mire of their apparent fate. A distant relation of Sturt's had died, soniiewhfiire in New Zealand, and left his money .to Jim. They scarcely re membered the name of their bene factor; for the outside woirid was far removed from them, and as strange as SLriue. And such a hold had the mis erable routine of existence got on the old man, so deeply had he sunk into the ruts, that he would have snsnt the bequest, a couple of thousand pounds, in improvements of the farm and pay ing off the mortgage, had not Mrs. Sturt rebelled. Fortune came too late to bring real content into the life of the faded wo man. Hie aspirations and thedrsei|J[| of her youth, paltry as parliaps tW^ were, had died, like, the crops, on their farm, when the rain fell three months after it had been expected. But she had by no means resigned herself to her doom. The hate she here against Jlate was implacable. TCt' fist away from the neighborhood she loathed, th.3 entourage that constantly remlnflejl her of days and months and years bt deferred hopel, that "hat"! crystallized into despair, meant unspeakable rejlef. And she cajoled aa£ persuade the coastal town, 150 miles away, grew suspiciously frequent. "I suppose he's started drinking;" suggested her husband when lite atten tion was drawn to the prolonged Ab sence of his son from Riverside. "Drinking!-Bosh!" sniffed Mrs Siurt. "He has taken up with some huzzy in town, and she is leading him a nice dance." "He'll get sick of that soon," opined Mr Sturt, who for a wonder was in an optimistic strain that day. "Yes, when it is too late." " "What? Do you mean he is going to marry?" gasped the old man incredul ously. "That's just what I do mean." And Mrs Sturt banged the scissors down on the table. "The young scoundrel!'' roared the father. "The infernal young scoun drel. But I'll talk to him when he comes back. I'll give it him." "Ycu'U do nothing of the sort. He is just ae pig-headed as you were be fore I married you, and if he knows we are against it, he'll do it in spite of us." i "And what shall we do then? Th6 boy has no right to go and run after girls and neglect his work." "You leave him to me," said Mrs Sturt, with a glitter of resolution in her eyes, which gave her husband the aeeuraccp that Jim would be well looked after. As it has been remarked, the Sturts regarded their son as a monopoly for their sole use and exploitation. Jim had not the faintest idea that he was being systematically watched; that every gesture, every word of his /underwent the closest scrutiny. He rather flattered himself on. his talent for secretiveness. But, not to put too high a value on1 Mrs Sturt's perspicac ity, a blind Hindoo could have dis covered Jim's secret. And so, while he was living in a fool's paradise, and be lieving himself secure from prying eyes, and while his father, content to leave the case in his wife's hands, went on analysing his "symptoms," Mrs Sturt watched the symptoms in her son; and very little satisfaction did she derive therefrom. Miss Wiutoa was a governess in the house of the local shipping magnate, and it was there that Jim, who ot late had become ah importer on a large scale, met her for the first time, and fell an instant victim to her inscrut able eyes. That a man of James Stmt's indi viduality and bringing-up should ad mire a girl like her, an absolute anti climax to his character, was one of those pleasant surprises that make the love of men and women so'perennially fresh and bewildering a theme. And that he was able to win her, prove? the charming want of reason which is alleged to be one of love's principal attributes. She was an orphan, and had beei brought up in a Southern Gcvernmen Institution. Women looked askance,at her, which, tot course, was another etir&ulant; toajiale admiration, for the dark beauty'ot the shy, quiet girl. But nobody bad, perhaps, treated her with quite so much chivalrous respect, that feooft began to border on idolatry, as Jim. And the evident sincerity of his first groat passion, the marvellous, change that came over the loud- voiced; irrcpressibly assertive man, when he found himself in- her presence, touched the girl. His strength, his sturdy, in dependence,, appealed to her need for protection, Cq^ the shrinking: clinginess of lier naturej>and soon they were to be found together almost daily during Jim's visits to town. What they talked about was a . puzzle to the jealous spectators of the growing Intimacy. Probably they did not talk at ali. They conveyed by medium of appropriate silence. And when Jim di6upvfcfed that he was not expected to make conversation, tne way in which he managed to keep sug gestively silent fcr fifteen minutes at a stretch was distinctly clevej\ Tho girl, who was born to beMoved.' and fondled, &nd; cared for, andj whom an irrational f$te,fcad turned out into a cold, selfish world to battle for her self, was too hungry for the slightest morsel of honest, warm affection to e . trouble about the trimmings. Up till then her beauty had. met with male appreciation more or less tactfully ex pressed; she had ? listened to compli ments and fine speeches by the bushel. . But never had genuine love come across her lonely path. At least, so sher fancied. Very likely she was wrong. She relied on thai abstract quality, a woman's Intuition. And an inexperienced woman's intu ition, distinguished evidence to the contrary notwithstanding, is about aa much use as a converted Fijian's re» ligion. Jim could not have struck a better plan of campaign to win the girl's heart than the one he had been com pelled to adhere to from, sheer inabil ity to sparkle and shine.. The em barrassed clumsiness of his behavior went a long way towards guaranteeing his sincerity, in Miss Winton's opin ion . And there are many piwple who mistake a lack of culture for honesty. His Bister Emily was Jim's only confidante. To her he poured out hia innermost longings m rugged elo quence, and she, disregarding an oc casional lapse iiito rusticity, listened appreciatively to tha confessions that ought to have been made to Kiss Win ton. In fact, Jim practised on. his sis* ! terj* who was sworn to clo jest sec i rccy, and entered into the romance ' with feminine relish and a^lotof I serious and consequential lttil'» airs. i . "But, why don't you ' aifc her?" i she wondered, Incapably of entertain L ing the possibility of any sane- woman refusing her brother's ofC6j\ i "I will, Em, I will. "Next time $L t go to town," Jim answered firmly. Alas, it seeded, so easy-In theory. There is only one thing a man can ask of a woman in this wide world. But there . are exactly 317,G36 different ways of asking for it. And'Jim. could not make up his mind exactly which formula to, employ. He went to town many timeB be fore he picked up the courage to put the all- important question. Of all people, Mrs Sturt screwed him up to the critical point. She haiL come to the conclusion that the hour was at hand for a severe application of the stricture. "You are away a good deal, lately, James," she casually remarked one evening, when they were sitting on the verandah, watching ,the sun dis solving into wide fairy lakes of deli cate hues and colors, 'while the lover was restlessly fidgetting about. . "H'm!" he grunted. ' Thf.re must be a lot of bother about those bulls tram the South," Mrs Sturt went on pleasantly. "Yes, thete Ib!" was the savage reply. i! .< >j "I thought so. Mrs Holly"-that was an acquaintance of the Sturts in town, though Jim loathed the very sight of the garrulous old lady- "Mrs Holly writes me that you are very much at the Carpenters' house." The young, man glanced suspicious ly at his mother; but her face was that of a sphinx. "Why in thunder does, not Mrs Holly look after her own business?" he muttered. "Hang the old tattler!" "Mrs Ilolly is a very respectable woman," (Mrs Sturt said severely, "who is kind enough to take an in terest in you and Einily there. And I'm sure you ought to be ashamed to talk of her as you do." Emmy, who had been sitting on a low stool,- demurely intent on h.er sewing, began to giggle audibly. "You. better go into kitchen, Miss; if you cannot behave in the company of grown-up people." And the girl hastily gathered her things together and vanished to the back of the house, where, she could explode in safety. "I suppose, the eldest Miss Carpen ter is a nice girl," continued Mrs Sturt tentatively, when they were left alone on the verandah. "She must be about 18 now, and' Mrs Holly says-" "Damn Mrs Holly!" roared Jim, jumping from his seaJt. And then, sinking slowly back again, he some what surlily apologised. "But, mother, leave Mrs Holly alone, anyhow. And If you want to say anything, for- Heaven's sake say it and be. done." - Mrs Sturt calmly awaited the end of the eruption, keeping1 her temper In hand admirably. And when Jim had fully realised the impropriety of his conduct, and been, farade to feel very uncomfortable by the reproachful sil ence, she suddenly snapped out: "Who is this Winton girl ?" "Miss Winton," and1 he laid a very large slice of emphasis on. the'handle, "is a governess in Carpenter's house, and-and-" "And she puts in her spare time flirting outrageously." "She does nothing of the sort!" Jim's voice rose angrily. ' "All the town, is running after her." "That is not her fault." "A decent girl wouldn't allow every young fool to make love to her," grimly remarked the old woman. "I suppose - that is some more of Mrs Holly's wisdom!" sneered Jim. ."It is! And I am very grateful to hlr. Your father ad I have decided to put a stop to these goings on. This Miss Winton, as you call her, is a low little huzzy, a mere charity girl, who Jim had sprung to bis feet again. "She is not!" he hotly, exclaimed. "Will you kindly tells ma what she is, then?" enquired Mrs Start "With! icy politeness. "I don't know and don't care what she is," said the young; man; for he vaguely felt the information, that ehe was the sweetest and dearest little girl on earth, would not be received as a passport to grace by his mother. "But I know what she will be!" "Yes?" gasped Mrs Sturt appre hensively. "My wife!" and Jim turned on. his heel and marched with quite unneces sary vigor down the verandah lrito the yard, ' " . . husband to sell the farm, what there was of it to sell, and fall in with his son's plan of taking- up a grazing selec tion in North Queensland. Jim was twenty-two years of age then, and the position of trust and re sponsibility he had occupied so Jong as the c!e facto head of the family, had made him self-reliant and shrewd be yond his years. And his people had learnt to place the utmost confidence in the young man. They doted on him, they made much of him in their own hard, undemonstrative way; tliey re stinted any criticism of his person or actions from outsiders. But they re garded him also as their special monop oly and particular property. Jim entered c-n this new walk in life; with the zeal and the relish of a bush- bred youth, whose earthly Eden consists of a station. To rifle after cattle instead of walking after draught bullocks, to handle a stock whin in stead cf a hoa, was the acme of hu man happiness. For the bush, where the plough and the railroad have not yet entered, is to the Australian native what the sea is to a fisherman's son, the vast, indefinable, limitless field of imafinnrv conauest and uerring-do, the term incognita of romance And as for Emily, she was too young tc know her own mind, her parents agreed. As if at any conceivable age a woman ever did learn to know that! The girl was r~.rha.pe the only one who felt the tug of breaking away from the old home and its associations. But then, she had private reasons of her own fcr her reluctance at exchanging the cruel treadmill for Ih-si free and comfortable life up North. So they all settled down at Riverside, where Jim with indomitable pluck and enthusiasm had soon made things ex ceeding homely; and the hungry past began to fade away, as if it neveir had been. No more pressing storekeeper's billfi cr calls from ths mortgagee's ag ent; no more minute calculation of ways and means; no mere necessity to sell the fruit of their labor at a sweating price, while they lived them selves on the husks. And last, but net least-'especially in eo democratic a country as this-a very appreciable ries in the social status! And James Sturt, recalling all these lialf forgotten incidents and experienc es, glanced around proudly, and dug the spurs vigorously into his horse. But the tired animal thought it wise to await a second and confirmatory inti mation, and proceeded leisurely in its shambling gait. And it did well, for Jim was in the past again.' For eighteen uiontlis he had improv ed and built and fenced, mostly with out any assistance. And when yards and houses and sheds had been erected lie had stocked the little run with store bullocks, bought cheap of neigh boring stations, and a little herd, a nucleus of high class cows and bulls impelled from the South. He was go ing to show the easy-going old pioneers about here a thing or two in breeding. He laughed scornfully when he ob served their methods of stock raising, their unscientific carelessness and indifference. They drove a tem cattle and a miek or twoi into the country, and kept them within reasonable boundaries; and then then just sat down and waited and cursed the weather and branded their neighbors' calves, with never a thought for the inoirow, never an idea about deterioration or inbreeding. Yes, he won'td alter cil that, and set an ex atrple that might open the eyes of his old-fashioned neighbors a trifle. But. alris, in the midst ctf these plans am! fsrln-uJjjps rui event occurred, an unfnmspen. ridiculous event, that ud set for the time being the even tenor of his existence, and"made him even lorget to rebuke Mv M'Lean, for whose special edification J li,e was) wont to hold forth on rocdnrn principles of pas toral sciencc, when that good-humored gehtleman. with a twinkle in his eve, spoke blasphemously of a first-class imported niicrthcrn bull that had tak en prizes at three different agricultur al shows. It was vrry ead. To put it short Jim fell in love. How it happened was a subject he was none too clear about,and his moth fir might have told the story with more precision as to details than he himself, ho had lived in the Land of Upside wnvfrom the vary first moment he * on Miss Elizabeth Winton. had discovered very soon -wrong when Jim's visits to Hie mother looked after him, thunderstruck. This was the first de feat she had ever suffered in a hand to-hand contest with one of her fam ily, and she could not immediately Realise the whole awful truth. She had been so $tir$ of her position, although prepared lor a scene, that she had abandoned diplomacy and relied on her bithertounauestioned authority only. And here.'.juet when she stood xnostT in need.o? it, the supreme power had slipped from her! It was incredible.' She sat down in the darkness, revolt ing agalnst fate, tasting; (the whole ex quisite bitterness of the encounter over and over again., Never before had she felt the. insufficiency of her hpld on the children she had born' so acutely. Hot tears flowed down her withered cheeks, but with a gesture of anger she whisked them out of her eyes, and rose to report progress to her hus band. But there she got little sympathy. "I told you so," he grinned. "You didn't take him right. Now you've gone and done it. If ^ybu had listened to me She slammed the door on the in valid with a bang that sent off all his "symptoms" into fits. But he didn't mind it a bit. He only sati and chuckled to himself. Nothing is so contagious as a successful revolution. And though the old man was by no means pleased at the prospect of a penniless daughter- in-law,the utter and ignominious discomfiture of his wife ; cast for the time being a rosy light .. over the domestic calamity. Early next morning James Sturt was oS to town, and his people knew that the matter was decided, and re signed' thcpselves with moire or less case to- the stubborn fact. But Jin}. was by no means so as sured 'of a prosperous Issue. With an air 'of constraint that threw into in significance his best previous efforts In that line, he called at Mr Carpen ter's private residence, repeating to himself wjlth varying success the little speech he had carefully prepared. Mrs Carpenter was a kindly old lady, not quite as blind as her formid " able spectacles would' have led one to believe,%ho had watched with a mix ture df hmusement, and sympathetic concern'the progress of the affair. If indeed thfere had been, any progress up to the-present, as Jim asked him self with a. groan When ushered into the drawing room. . "Why,--Mr .-Start, are you' oacn agaJanto town?" said Mrs Carpenter, as she rose to welcome the visitor. . "Youi must be living continually on Ui© road!''But I am glad,'', she hasten ed! to; add, with a hospitable smile, as she riottced. his painful blush, "I am Very glad tofsee you., You will stop for lunch.?"' . ' "I-I don't know yet. -1 am very busy!"'|iiestammered. "Oh, well, It expect you to 'have lunch\ with ub at atayrate; Nobody lis busy at that time of the day. 1 will go and see- about the matter myself." "But-" remonstrated the unfort unate young man, who felt like taking his hatband running away. Mrs Car penter, liOwever, had vanished, and through the door Miss Elizabeth Win ton made her appearance. She had not the faintest idea that a stranger was present in the drawing room. She was looking for a book cnly. She was very sorry to have dis turbed Mr' Sturt. She was very much astonished, also, to see him back in' town, BO soon. Business must be a ter ribly exacting task master. Jim was standing awkwardly in the middle of the room, shifting his weight from one leg to the other, and cudgelling, his brains for a cue to the speech he had so industriously memor ionfl. p,ut it would not come. Then, as Miss Wiaton bent over ttie shelf, rummaging among the books in What a careful observer would have discovered* to be a very perfunctory fashion, Jim came timidly over and pretended to licto her in her quest. And as they were both very agitated indeed, and Miss Winton could not make up her mind at all. about the particular bock she wanted, and Jim couldn't even read the -titles for the film that icame over his ©yes, their hands'happened to meet on one of the volumes. It was a moment's contact only, for the girl instantly, as if stung, withdrew her fingers; but, it was suffi cient for Jim. It wb^ as 1£ the touch had. conveyed ths message he was yearning for to his heart, and. with an. assurance he cculd not afterwards un derstand, and in, wornta he would not be able to repeat, if ' he were to be shot for it, bis love pouted Itself out before the trembling girl. The excellent programme he had prepared was gone and forgotten, And, therefore, it may reasonably, be ques tioned that his eloquence wa^ gygthe tical and according to the rebSgnlafed rules of the English grammar. Nobody, who is really, in earnest, e peaks .well. The man who expressed his eentijneaits in chosen language atyi critical mo ment, may safely be pjiS down a liar. nut intn, u aimim& enumerated a dozen Central Au^aliao^ abori ginal names, or repeated a couple of pages of "Hansard'*' on the last no confidence motion, theglrl would have understood him just as well. He had courted her on remarks about the weather, and now he won her with a storm of protestations that conveyed by their fervor ffitn^Jthan their in trinsic meaningfcis love. %? .' And Miss Wlnton, 'iosing^U her eelf-pcesession (said pd^e^gion being, later on made'formally over to Mr* Sturt), could only; 'softly "cryjvweak, happy tears ol gladness. To her had come at last the protector,the master, who would take her in&isstrong; arms and shield her from the wide world of battle and sorrow. To her had been given at last what she had never known, a name, a place of security, where she might hide f roan the noise and the bustle of the glaring tliiorough fare. To her this scene meant not so much the fulfilment of a passionate desslrc, as rather "it solemn- sacrament of unutterable peace. , " And so they sat, hand in hand,- in silence; the man, for his limited sap ply of persuasion had given out, and the Wondrous miracle Of that whisper ed "Yes" had not.yet soaked fully into his understanding, and the girl in the absolute satisfactlpn and content that leavcl nothing on earth, and heaven to wish for. * - . And slowly, very slowly, that blies ful memory faded awayiand through the carpet huge cabbagegums began to grow, while a Kookaburra eat on the piano and laughed, so stridently and continuously that Jim at last awoke and found himself again jogging along the bush track towards Riverside. Strange, but he had never dreamt dreams in (the day-time before! His - tired horse pricked up its ears, and Sturt heard a. horseman coming! up behind at a canter. "Hullo, .Jim,^getting home?" "Is that you, Charlie? Great Scott! I clean forgot to call ait your camp. Where the devil liave you been all day yesterday. We, were expecting you-or rather, some -of us were," he added truthfully. "Yes?" A»d there rose a slight shade of red into the other's tanned cheeks. » , "Where have you been?" . "Oh, I WHS , horse-hunting . Those blessed mokes clearea tio blazes in that rain. Broke their hobblskand were well on their ^rny the coast when I came up with thbrn." "Jolly good Job I didn't accept your offer of, a. mount jresterday morning!" "Yes. You wouldn't have got away very soon, I promise, wu. . How did you got your wife to Riverside, and how Is she to-day?", "Oh, thanks, as well as Ivcould ex pect," answered Jim, rather dejected "_;V ; But the other did not notice oie friend's depression; and continued: "And Miss Sturt ?" ; "Miss Sturt?'' asked Jim; "since when have you tpk^C'to calling her Miss Sturt?" > .;/ "Oh, well, you kpojy; she's grown up now, andt suppose her mother would not-" "Mother is not at -home. She's on a visit down* South." . "Thank Gcd! " Claimed Fenwlck, quite forgetting himself, and Jim burst Gut laughing at the. unexpected fervor of the remark. ? "I mean, cf course,". Fenwlck be gan. - ??V,f "Don't tie yourself ! up in excuses, old man. To tell .you the truth, I'm deucedly glad myself the old woman is away jist now, or there would be no <end' of bother about Lizzy. But I promised Mm solemnly to let you know that the dragon is -goiie and the mai ften at Liberty;," ^ "Did she really give you a mes sage?" queried Fenwick, eagerly. "Yes, really! Anyhow, you'd) better come along with me now and have dinner. We all shall be fflad to have you with us once more, and Lizzy wants to make your acquaintance and properly thank you for the trouble you have taken. Why, how you must have blessed us for keeping you out of your . blankets all that night through!" ^ . - "Don't mention it," murmured the other; but evidently he was only half listening. His faculties were engaged speculating on. another and more ab struse subject. "Funny way of introducing one's wife to a man!" began Jim again. "What do you think of h«5r?" "She is the dearest little vixen on this side of the globe," enthusiastically exclaimed Charlie. And his companion, somewhat star tled at first, but perceiving that there existed just then only one "she" for Mr Charles Fenwick, shrugged his shoulders and lapsed into moody sil ence. - (To be continued.) 