Light for those in dark- NESS. ; SERMON BY THE LATE C. H. SPUROEON. Text:. -."The people which sat in darkness saw great light; and to them which sat in the region and 'BhadowNof death light 13 sprung upc"— Mat- thewiv.10. " ..,N It appears from the text that some souls are in greater darkii'esa thah others ; It was so in Ohrist's day, "and certainiy it is so now. Some, from the very' ciroumstanccs 'of their -birth and parentage, have never attended the worship of God, while otherv,cven before they had the discretion, tq choose, were carried in their parents' arms to the place where prayer is wont to be made. Some arc in the darkness of ignorance. Tho consequence is that another darkness-follows, the d&rknces.of; crrori Men who know not the truth, since they must have some faith, seek out many inventions; .for. if they arc not taught of God, "they soon become taught of Satan, and apt scholars arc they id his school. Ab .a, result -tliey . become wrapt in-'the gloom of dis comfort, and sorrow. Darkness is an expressive type of sorrow. The mind that knows-, not God, known not the heart's best rest. There is no solace for our griefs liko. the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and those who ate ignorant of it ore -tossed about upon a stormy sen without an anchorage. , Glbry be to God! when sorrow- iias brought on a midnight, grace cm transfcrrn itdnto noon. >; So the mesisage i9 thatWor those who are in ja worse condition than others there is hope and light; for omojig such. people the Gospel has reaped very rich fruit. Among barbarous nations Christ baswtra' great "trophies. The poor Karens are wonders of grace,' the cannibals of the South Sen Islands' ore ' miracles of mercy, and among the once ; enslaved Ethiopians there are wans' and lov- ing'hearts whicli rejoice in Josus's' name. Some of us were brought very low before we found the SaViour;' lower we could hot well have been; we were emptied liide a dish that a man wipes and turns upside down; wo had not even tt drop of hope left in us; but we rejoice in Christ to-day, and we say to despairing souls, 44lVe arc personal witnesses that Christ lias saved such us you arc. Ho' has in our case caused light to shine on those who 'sat in darkness, and out of death's cold shade into life's full light lie has brought us as prisoners of hope; and, therefore, lie can do the same' with you. Be of good courage, there is hope for you." What a word was that of our Master when He commanded His disciples , to predeh the Gospel to every creature, beginning at Jerusalem I They were to commence their labors amongst His murdorers, amongst hypocritical Pharisees and proud Hero dians; they were to begin where the devil reigned most supreme, and to present Christ to the worst sinners first. Sec you, then; that great sinners, so, far from being excluded, arc just those to whom the good, news is to be first published. Be of good comfort, ; then, ye. that sit in darkness;, there are special promises for you. When the. spiritual eye lias long been dim, and wbhavfi mourned and .wept for sin, but could not behold a Saviour, light is sweet beyond expression. And,, because it is so sweet, there is u necessity, within the enlightened soul to tell out the joyful hews to others.. When a man has deeply felt the evil of ein, and has at length obtained mercy, he cries with David, "Then will I tench transgressors Thy ways, and sinners shall bo converted unto Thee." . John Buhyan's frapulse' when ho found the Saviour was to tell the crows on the ploughed ground about it, and he lived to do better than talk to crows, for day by duy, from' generation to generation, his- works proclaim- the Friend of Sinners, who leads them from the City of .Destruc tion to the celestial glory.: Zealous 6aints arc usually- those-- who once were- in great, darkness; they see what grace has done for them, and for that very. reason they feel an attachment to their dear Lord and Master which they might never have felt if they had not once sat in the valley, of the shadow of death.' \- 2; The true light for' a soul in darkness is all in Christ. Hear ye the text; "TJic people which eat in darkness saw great light." Now, Christ is not only light, but great light; lie reveals great things, He manifests great comforts, saves us from great sin and gTeat wrath, and prepares us for great glory. He is, however, a Saviour that must be seen. "The people that sat in darkuess saw great light." Light is of no uso- unless it -be Seen.-! "Look unto Me, and be ye eaved, all vc ends of the earth." Wo must see tbe Saviour with a glance of faith; tlien have we light. . Let us consider how clearly Jesus Christ Himself is the light of every believing eye, and 'delivers the most troubled soul from -its- misery. ' In Him is light, and the light is the light of men. Jesus personally is the day dawn, and tho morning without clouds. First there is light in Christ's name for a troubled uinner. ,' What.is it? Jesus. Jesus, a Saviour. I flm a sinner lost, and ruined/ but 1 rdjoice, for Jesus has come to seek and to save that which was lost. My sins trouble me, but He shall save His people from.tholr sins. Satan annoys me, but He has come to destroy tho works ol the devil. He is not . a nominal but a real Saviour. We know captains and colonels who have no troops,, and never saw fighting, but not so the Captain of our salvation; Ho brings many eons unto glory. If a roan is called a builder, we expect him to build; if a merchant, we expect him to trade; and as Jesus is a Saviour, He will carry dp His sacred business— He will save multitudes. Why, surely there is comfortable hope here. Do -you not sec tlw dawning in the name of Saviour. Surety, if' He, conies to save, # and you need saving, there is, a blessed suitability in you for one another. - r - A prisoner at the -bar Is glad to meet one who ds by profession ah advocate; d ship out ©f its track .welcomes:© pilotj .ft traveller lost tin the moors lis delighted if he meets a guide; and so. a' sinner should rejoice at the bare mention of a Saviour. > There iff 'rinrilirr -encouragement in the second name; "Christ, for it means '.'anointed." Our Lord 'Jesus is not on- amateur Saviour, who has come here without a commission from God; He is not an adventurer, scttlng'Up on -His own account-to do a kind of.work?for which lie is n6t-qunlifled;:no, the Spirit Of the Lord is upon Him, for the lord hath anointed Him to this work of saving souls. He is Jesus ; Christ, -whom- God hath sent.. Him -bath God tho Father sealed. . He spake noi of Himself, but God:was with Him and in Ilim.T'VVby, beloved friends, now tliat'l am in the"llgiit I'can see a whole, .sunful of splendor in 'that-' double name 'Jcsub Christ,' And yet ' I fear that those who are in 'darkness imaynot perceive it. Whom God anoints to save mujt;, surely be both able and willing to, save the giillty. This muno isras the morning star; look at it. and know that -day Is near. It has such joy in it that misery itself ought to leap with-holy mirth at the sound, of it There is -light for: those who ;8|t- In' durknees, in our Lord's person and nature. Mark right well who this Jetu, CbriBt is. -lie la in tlio constitu- tion of His person both God . and man. Divine ; and thuman, ecftgit with God nnd'feUow withman. Do yqu not see in thisifact thc:loye;ot Goo, 'that He Should be willing .to tnke huraar4ty;intol union ;wlth.Hiroselff..Jf.God:becomeBmap,;.He docs not hato 'men. Ltit has'love Howards. ttetrn Do you not isce the suirabilUrof Ohrist to .v¥a r like voiirBelf- a man,' touched with the feel "iriff Of your : infirmities; ofja uman;;roo6r boirn. Ho lning at a ivoman'a brc-aat'i 116 suffered liujira'r and tliirat. and weariness, and; . dead and buried jiu the tomb, 'He was partaker in. oar doom as well a» our -sorrow. '-Jesus ol.Naiarcth. wss most, truly a TOan; He is bone, ol-ypur. bone, iand . flesh ol your flesh. Oh, ; sinner, lo5t into' tire, face o the Ma" i of Sorrows, and you must trust, Him. .Since. He. is alsofffo you therein ace lUa.powerto carry .On the work' of salvation. He touches you with th, hand of Hia humanity, hut .IIo. touches the Almighty wi th tho liana ol His Deity. He is man, .and feels 'voiir ' needs-' Tic is God,- and is able to supply them. Whca the Lord ' UuuseH, that made the heavens, arid digged thc: foundations of the earth Wmea tolbeour: Saviour, there remains no difflt culty in your being saved.' Omnipotence cannot 9? Mn 'i.a!i?V0 Bmncr' t0 un omnipotent Saviour it is not hard to nave even you. A look of faith will give you perfect pardon. A touch of the hem of the Redeemer's garment will heal you at once. Come, then, and trust the incarnate Qod. Cast yourself into nis arms at once. There is light, moreover, in His offices, and, in deed, a brightness of glory which a little thought wtlUoon perceive. What are His offices? I cannot stay to mention a tithe of them, but one of thcra i? that of Mediator. Toar soul Iong3 to speak to God and find acceptwco with Him, but you are afraid to venture into His terrible presence. I wonder not; at your fear, for "even our God is a consuming fire." But be of good comfort; the way of access is openr and there is One who will go into the King with you, and open Hib mouth on your behalf. Jesus has interposed, and filled tho great gulf which yawned between the sinner and hia righteous Judge. His blood has paved the crimson way; His cross has bridged each stream; His per- son is the highway for those who would draw near to God. Now, -us Christ Jesus is the Mediator be tween God and man, and you want one, take Him, and you will have light at once. You desire, also, thia day a sacrifice, to -make atonement for your iniquities; that also you will find in Christ. God must punish sin; every trans gression must receive ita just recompense of re ward; but,-lo, Christ hasxomc, and as the scape goat ho has carried sin away; as tho sin offering he has removed transgression. Moreover, to mention one other office, Our Lord is an intercessor. ' -Perhaps one of your greatest difficulties is that you cannot pray. You say4 "I cannot put- a dozen words together; if 1 groan, I. fear I do not feel in my heart what 1 ought to feel.?? Well, there & One who can pray for, you if yon caanot ior yourself. Give - Him your cause to plead, and do not doubt but that it shall .succeed. God grant you grac£ as you sec each office of Christ, to -perceive that it has a bright side for sinners. I duubt not light streams' con tinually from every part of the sun to cheer the worlds that revolve. around it; so. from the whole of Christ there issues forth comfort for poor and needy souls. He dclighteth in mercy. He is a Saviour, and a great one. He is aU love, all ten derncss, aU pity, all goodness; and the very chief of sinners, i( they but sec.Him, shall see light. Once again, if 'you want light, think of His character as the meek and lowly Saviour. Little children loved Him; He called them and they willingly came, for He was meek and lowly of heart. O Blnner, could He refuse thee? Do you think He could give you a hard word and send you about your business, if you were to seek mercy to-day? It could not be; it is not in the nature of Him who was both the Son of God and the Son of Man ever to repel a heart that fain would cling to Him for refuge and safety. Think for a moment of His life. He wa9 "sepa rate from sinners," we arc 'told, and yet it is elBC- where said of Him, "This Man receivetli sinners, and cateth with them." Friend of Sinners wob. His name, and Is still. Think of that self- denying life spent among the sick and the sinful for their good. And then think of Bis death, for here the light of grace is focussed; the Cross, like a burn ing-glass, concentrates the light and heat of Christ's love upon the siimcr. Bee Him agonising in the garden for sins that were not llis own; see Him scourged with awful flagellations for transgressions in which He had no share; behold llim. bleeding and dying 011 the tree for llis enemies— sufferer tor iniquities in which Ho never was a participator, for in Hira was no sin. It must -bo true "that God can save me, if Clirist bos died in the stead of the guilty. This argument has killed my unbelief. I cannot disbe lieve when 1 sec iiicarnate God suffering for the guilty, the Just .for the linjmt, to bring them to God. The dying thief said, "Lord, remember me"; so will we turn" our eyes to that once cruci fied Saviour/ sitting in the highest heaven, aud breathe the prayer, "Lord-remember mc." "Sinners! come, the -Saviour see- Hnnds, feet/side and! temples view; \- Sec Him bleeding on' the tree, See His heart on fire for you!" I wish it were in my power to convey the light which I see in the Cross into your mental eyeballs, hut I cannot; God the Holy Ghost must do it. Yet, beloved, if ever you get light, it will be in Christ. . Away from self, away from your own reso lutions, .away, .'from your own prayers, repentances and faith; away to Clirist. on the cross must you look. All your hope and help is laid on lramanuel a shoulders, You are nothing. Not a mg nor a thread oLyour own righteousness" will do; Christ's robe Of righteousness 'must' cover you from head to foot. : lilow. out your paltry candles, put out the sparks whicli'you have vainly kindled, for behold the' Sim is risen! "Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and the glory- of the Lord is risen upon thee."- Ya want- no other light than that of Jesus; dream of no- othar. Give up self, give up self hope,- be in utter despair of anything that you can do, and now, whether yon-onk-or swim, throw yourseU into the sea of Christ's love. ' ' "Cast- your deadly 'doing'- down, j Down at Jesus' feet; Stand in Him, in Him alone,. Gloriously complete." "But yoirdo not mean me?"- sailli one. I mean you tbat sit ; in darkness, you that arc ignorant, you "that are depressed;; you that have no good thing of your own,- you , that cannot help your selves; you lost ones, you .condemned ones, I mean you. '. "And this Is God's message to you:— -"God sent not His Son into the Svorld to condemn.the world, but that the world .-through Him might be saved." Whom God hath set forth to be a pro- pitiation through faith in llis blood, to declare His righteousness for tbe remission of sms that are past, through tbe forbearance of God; to declare, I say, at this time His righteousness; that He might be iust, and the Justifier of lrim that belicyeth in Jesus,1' "He that believeth on Him is not condemned." Oh;-.V come, ye guiltv; for He is ready to forgive -you. Come, ye filthy; the fountoinv is ready for your cleansing. Come, ye sorrowful,; since joy is pre pared; His oxen and fatllng? arc killed, for aU things are ready; come; to' the-feast of love. But I hear you say, "I must'"" surely do something? Have done with your' dotegs, and take Chnst 0 doings. "Obi -.vbqt r I--;. do not fori as 1 should." Dtave '- done' with your.1 feel ings; Christ's"- 3feelibg8 on. - the £ cross must4' 6avc-5r-ybu; ,J- .hot' TS'our - -own feelings. "Ob.'.'but 1 am' 60 vile."rr He came tove tua vile;- 4<Bdt I have been an adulterer,- 1 have been a thltil, I have been a whorlohger, ;and.- every thing that is bad.f Be:it so; yet . VU ia'a faithful saying, andworthy of -'aU' acceptation, that Chn.it .Juraa c'aiao-'iiito\thb;w6ria. to save aihnere. . . All mannor of tlri «rid.bt>blasphemy Bliail Ire forgiven unto men. . It: la '.hrwT Umt'you oris much worec. than you think you: arc;-, you- may tell mc you nro horribly had; but youuiave no ideaTiow bad you arc:. tho-hottest place In hell ia yourdesert, but it ia to -you the mercy la . sent. ' To you, O man, to you, O woman, to you . who have dcffled your- solves with' all maimer of rinnicntionahle enorml- tios even to you, thus Baith the Lord. I hoye blotted out thy sins like a cloud, and like a thick cloud thy transgressions: return unto Me, .and J will have mercy upon thee- Oh, do not reject it, T beseech you, you .guilty, ones! You dcspainng ones, do not turn from it; put not away from you the kingdom, lest you prove J'»«rsflv03 wrttt1' and bring upon yourselves wrath unto the utter most. If ye bo willing and obedient, ye shall eat the good ol the land. Receive the Lord desiis as your Saviour, now, on tho spot. May God the- lloiy Spirit lead you to do this, for Jesus Bake! Amen. . . Sermon. 