AT THE BEEHIVE. "YORK AND LANCASTER FRATERNISE." MOSQUITO. Looking over a recent number of the Natal Witness a first-class, well-written Newspaper, in spits in spite of there being such a Comparatively small muster of the British ijewiilo Natal—lo see haw the new war broparatious were progtodaing,.! Waa a little surprised to find a report of the annual din ner of tho Yorkshire and Xiianaishire Society; It w held in PioteviiiariUburg, the Natal capital. It was as if descendants of the Yni’kista and Lunctsbrinns, who about 400 veara ago fed tho crows arid' wolves of Eng land with Kuwait bodies, and in 30- years, of almost bontinudus totetoccmb. warfare con-, trired to nearly ruin- tho .nation and exter minate wliatever: dbilisafioh 7: there, wri as If descohdtmte of these faj;tiomsto now holding a .banquet Jiv celebration of the peace and goodwill at-last subsisting them. The report to the Natal .paper is surmounted by wlwt I take to be the Yorkshire coat- Marais. There, is no white' rose about it. But tUerc*?. a : fighting man, with what looks like an aid battered stpyc t,ino hat smmouiitmg a hailed helmet and cuuassi Oh the sliiold hie .figures of a mag? pie, live %«s,, a fly, ’apd what may hb in* tended for a bacon-flitch, tindemcath m a. scroll to the, motto ; “Tak hod fth sup," and under it are these dubiously. complimentary L *Aflea,afiyla, Is Yorkfihormoa> <?oil of Arms; Au’ Treason they-ye <$»ion thcasel tluuga so rich ' ' • ■' : • Is bcooss they hoy all. special charms. A flea will bite whobWor- ft. can—, An’ so, my kds, will; a .Yorkaborman! . A fly win sup with Dick, Tom or Dah,— An* so, i’gow! will a Yorkah erinan1 A magpie can talk for a torribla apan,-— j. : , \- An’ so, an’ all, f»n- a Yorkshownan . - A flitch is no gooid whol il Imngi yo’ll.agrcc ■ , No mbre.a jforkshorman, don’t ye. l • Aa for, Lancashire, its “coatrof-arins’* pur-, ports to bo a pair of boots, size 13; The Lancastrian motto or toast is all right, how ever i —. , "■ ' ! V!.. - ' Hero’s’Uv ua, 5-v‘r>--v. All.on ux, - May wo bivor want nowt, ' -• Nohno on uz: ■, ■! .* But it’s not till we reach the "Acnu” of these festive .White., and Red' Rose me-’.’, making merry in the Boer-hamcd sent of uovermnerit of a South African British colony, that-we the true .toward' humorduaness of the occasion. “A capital repast, ’’ says tho reporter, “was served to excellent -stylo by Host Dunne, and -it niay be interesting to reproduce the menu, which was printed os follows tr-r- ; • ■' ■ 1 , ■■ ...V, ... , HENUv-. ... :■ ‘ : ■ Ho’d thl noise, an’ sit thi ’son dalm. . ” Ox Tail Soup. ' Ddou’t sup too hearty, t’ mom’s got a long 1ml. \- -v,. ■': : FISH. !•• • ; Bream and' Parsley Sauce. ■ : .; .. 7 ;! ; ... Awtn .aauoy cnuff for that, . . . ; , , ENTREES. - ' Nivver mind trays, bring 111’ playtos> . Lamb Outlets addPcas. Kidnoy and Mushrooms; Aw think aw sul risk'it. Not muohxoam. : Jugged Hare. ■ . B ttCon and Broad Beans. Awl hev to hev it, whether! aw, want it or iioa: .. POULTRY, _ Roast Turkey. ' York’ Ham. ‘ Gobble il up. r ” Thro t’Ainsly. . JOINTS- . ' - -j .Sirloin- of Beef and Yorkshire Pudding;. Them’* uml ghua a bit eawt,Olh' middle. * ; ; Saddle of Mutton, ' , \ Avon gaddlod wi’enuff nah. : ENTREMETS. • WlialVlhom? -. -r \- Plum Pudding and Lipuer Jolly*.. • . * ,Aw nil aoo t boggarts ta hoot. - . ‘ Apple Pio and Checap. •- ; ' Raaither! tha knawu! ! ' : r . DESSERT. ; . • ’ / FruiU rin v Season. # , ■. Theero! Awm full up, but awl sup wi. thee. The above is a model'“menu card” fdr the guidance of .the Bendigo and Eaglehawk White and Red Rose men whenever they can raise “brass” enough to rim a social banquet. At the banquet m question were ; some of the priudiwl men of Natal, and , they talked lengthily and solemnly of poli tics, trade and war, and of loyalty to the old country. If they’d had' the 13 members amongst theM who the other night to our Parliament voted agatost the sending over i Of-an Austntoan contingent tlie. proceedings ; would have been Jimde iuteresriiig -for tho thirteen. Tho Laiicastrian Boob No. 13 might liavo beeu.useit to boot tho 13* ■ . OTHERr ; SOUTH AFRICAN . ITEMS. ■■Another item is from' the - same v jxapcr s ■ ©ijrtesiMjhdent afc liadysmith. 1 (Incidentally, who was Lord Smithy whose ap pears to have been given to iliis, for the present, very important Natal-Transvaal border town 1) Ladysmith was ou August 24 being stocked with shot and shell- and ; cartridges, and with big and'little gvtns for propelling and repelling purposes, also with ; fuiw ’arid things for the, thoD. alowiy„gafchcr- Ing little It was. calculated that when oiiouglmion. in canip at Lady smith they would use 150 tons-of victuals a day: So you see what it costs to keep an army, and what a beneficent devil’s gift a Waf; to the traders and of South Africa. At Ladysmith the iaity f as the eoitespdhdint wrote, to.a of great cxcitemcht, and' tfrhab 'he calls ex treme receptivity of miiid. - beUave nnytliing. They had ho difhcultyan belier ing that the. Government; 'a piece down the line towards Durban, had an ortnour-plated railway train, which when filial with soldiers »nd artillery would' be sent sailing to amongst the Boers like an American battle-ship amongst a fleet of Spanish.cruisers. Nor had some of them much more difficulty _ m behoving that the whole trouble Had been settled, Mr. Chamberlain taking the presi- ; donev of the Transvaal and Mr. Krugcr lcay tog for London to take Mr. Chamberliuns place ct tlie Colonial Office, - T Another item from Sou Ur’Africa suggests that it is a place where the banks should go te reemib their-finances, and where people Who don't object to usury should gather in strong force. ■ A- oone spondent at the Lower TugoU—wherever that is—reports a bilsk business domg there to interest add mohoydchding. The rate charged the natives is Is per- pound per month, Asiatics 2s 6d per pound per month, substantial farmers oh . good security . 8 per cent- per annum, and ordinary trade accom modation loans 10 per cent. , liowcyer the Asiatics .earn sufficient to pay 3Us per annum for, every 20s Imrrowcd the corre spondent docs not explain. Ho merely re lates tho item as a matter of news, ana as a fact hot calculated to cause comment in South Africa- - The Bendigo Sth battalion ought to pool its bum arid iho-money of its friends, mid hand it over to one of tim cenitogent when, Ad’s going to South Africa. Them when the war ia .over, Jet tom nsem"' tein whero the Lower Tfigela 1 .is, and start in to work up a business, connection amongst ■the natives-and Malays. The ySung men wdll return .to Bendigo rich in experience, it in nothing olso. ' MISCELLANEOUS^, v ■ Have you ever noticwl—sure, of course you liave if you are young or everwore young what lovely transparently -fair complexions, glossy, jet black hair '.and fine well-built hffuros .some of tho Irish girls have? An im qucstionablo writer In oho of the -magazines whoso remarks aro now going the rounds or the miscellaneous columns!of tho newspapers, • says that tho Irish girto'owc ihcirdiandsome forms and- attractive coiitras.t between fwm complexion and color of hair to tho Spanish Awnoda- Ho, says that when tho hundreds of ships and. thousands of sailors tod . of the Spanish Armada were by the little ships of England and th© h‘g same country rooted out of tho Engbsh Olmn ncl and sent flying on ,tho .stormy winds up the wild North Sea* round the wilder coast of Scotland, evenMly <M, urt g tliose of thorn who wero then left on tho almosfc cqually wilt - north jand north-west coast of - Ir eland, Uie \- kind and compassionate Irisli , rescued the -ship-wrecked Spaniards to great numbers, took them into their.homes, teiigbt tbo poor Don's' to talk Irish, acclimatised all ' r%ectof and' tera, with tho he “ us tjufco Irish gypfe who are the cauoo at tftis Vfay distant day, to4 v very distent toimtiyraVo-to this Yery. tow» cud strict of <tore, of not a few of what are clerically femved “mixed marriages.' \aow-. it mas very prettily, but is imagined nonsense non© .the less.- In the first place, there: were «ot enough Spaniards to go round if all that on ginally set out from Spain had been rescued. No doubLIn a few instances some Spaniards . Were rescued and ! adopted into Lrisli famines, but as my of our sheep and. cattle show visr teirs Will toll you, there woukto’t be enough . of- these to prevent their progeny ing back'' to tho onginar type after a few yon must remember, - was' in a frightful con dition' at the. time of- the Spanish. Ar mada. It was to Queer* Elizabeth's time, and tho whole country was more or less ravaged' with War end was a prey to ©very horror and rascality that’ are perpetrated with • pitiless . impunity during war times. Th'e'hpnted and homeless Irish -peasaniw were ecajccely to a condition to succour thomaelvcsv much less , shipwrecked stinmgers oast Up on theiroouSta and who might liavb tome from anywhere for all they knew* For thefo wore no Bendigo Independents iii those days to tell them the 'news every morning, and when to expect dis tinguished or other visitors: With tho poor Spaniards it waft h C:wo of the deep sea and the lievil. iCccording"tothe narrative of one jof tho.'Armada officers who managed Ip , get hack to Spain, and which document was only recently unearthed from amongst old ;Spanish archives; those sliipwreckcd Spani ards-—gold-banded oliiccrsand .raggcdlystatv-* ihg ariUors alike—who fell into the hands of , tlioßcots or EngliSik were first • stripped and then -murdered aV evening or cast back into tho sea to dic af their' leisure, whilst those who. fell into the; liands of the Irish were only stripped stork and bare and then left to crawl about tho shoVc or .wonder away wherever the indortuhatb beggarscould No doubtj v as compassion and men and Women with good hearts are products of no particular time, race,, creed or country, there were many individuals cast am on gat. Irish, Scotch' and English • where wounded and perishing Spaniards were rescued,, protected and hospi tably treated, still these, all told, would not amount temaifr-hundreds. I have not, the least doubt, of it that amongst the crowds, of lioers who tdie other day assembled, at the -railway stations on tho Johannesburg to jeer and scoff at the holifioss suffering British Women and children who were being bundled out of tlie Transvaal —-some of. those British ‘ women during those agonising scenes goipg ■through'the. uirthei’ ponies (ffvciuldbir'th ip tho crowded sheep and ; cattle trucks- I, doubt not that amongst, the . Boers there were some few- men and .women Whose blood boiled with. shame' ahd'in dignation" at the miserable scene and cursed themselves for having‘to. be helpless spectators of it. ’ However, those .bright, tall, fair Irish lot them be putting on I Spanish airs after reading Hus. What they kre they owe entirely to their own Hibernian ancestors. Spaniards aro little squat, smail bohed follows as a rule, whereas the ances tors of these girls must have been b;g, tall upstanding chaps. It's much more- feasible that some of the red-headed' Banes whom Brian-Born forgot to kill or- who effectively objected to bo killed, had a hand in their production. ■ Chore’s only one stop .between; fiOTco red hair' ahd : deep let black, .ond- as: for fairness of skin, the fairness-qP the skin of ; red-liaired people cannot bo surpassed. • The Rev, K. H Scott in his lengthy letter in last Saturday’s Independent on the bisho pric question accused the Rev. Canon Godby of reticence 1 in regard to facte. Plain people, would have put the charge in still plainer language. Others' would have .spoken of cconoimsingtlic truth. Said one.man on read ies Mr. Scott’s epistlb:—“l don’t know on whose side the simple honest truth lies. . But if clergymen do not, believe in each other's fairness and truthfulness, how are we of the laity to believe in them 1 My fire insurance rlicv has run out for-some'time-past, but dbnV think T U trouble, about renewing if. Pm quite in a quandary is; to which officials should collect tho premiums.” Dampior is playing "Hamlet" somewhere about Brisbane. Ho contemplates on some early date bringing “Hamlet” to Bendigo. I hope he Won’t, unless ho brings an entirely now version of tho splendid but .dismal end melancholy play. 'Hamlet" ought to bo re-written. Instead of tho principal charac ters—good and bad indiscrimately—goiiig off in hot lead, blood and poison, “The Ghost” , should:!)* concerted into a m<weru Spiritua .lisfc medium’s swindling marionette; tho Queen and tho Ghost’s brother .should be • sentenced to imprisonment for life for their share in the garden tragedy; young Mr. Hamlet should quietly succeed to tho king’s .business pf liis late respected father, ‘and by civility and attention to patrons should hope to merit a continuance of the support so long accorded to the old established ' House of Peuraark and Cos. Miss Ophelia should not f o loony, put straw- in her hair and drown orself, but should buy a. bicycle, and after Having a good spin round marry Mr, Hamlet, and as queen hcln him to conduct the king business. Laertes, Horatio and the 1 others should be put to some useful work,- and poor old harmless wLsc-spcaktng Polonius, in stead of being spitted to. death like & rat be hind tho arras, shoidd be utilised for nursing and playing with tho babies of Hamlet and his daughter Ophelia, teking f hem out every afternoon in thego-cart, Whilst tho" new and improved drama shoidd' end with Fortinhras, the firm’s smart commercial travellorj exiter ing, marching from Norway with his pocket book full of orders —-to reserve seats in all parte of the house. ; . _ _ - - . ' There is no loyalty or friendship amongst drinking companions. -See how those drink ing follows who poured spirits and other stuff ■ bri' :a ’ J’qnfiah. 'tutfortunat% man in; a. Castle hiainb ptibliohouao to,him, Split on each other when the pinch of tho police and detectives was put on them. In tho upshot one scapegoated for the lot, and M got off with a fine of 20s-and costs* But it' bite'certainly coSfe otherwise a tidy sum and a very 'bigibiun if ihe fright wero chlculablo in £ s. and. ,Tlio fright shoxdd for the remainder of their lives make .them forswearoaUingin at places where they, are likely to meet persons who require spirits to be burned on their heads, or burned in their own or in oilier peopled stomachs either. Fine jolly, merry follows—nobodics’ enemies but their own. Pooh! Rubbish I The man wlio is his own enemy has a fool for his foe. That unmistakable fact cannob bo too often and too emphatically committed to 'heart and beaten into people’s brains. In Mr. Thomas H. Henderson there, died one of the biggest-hearted, warmest and best-hearted of the men that we liavo oyer had on Bendigo. It was impossible to feel mopish or misanthropical if ho, were of. the company. His was ono o* those, natures which, brCezy,'robust and optimistic and sympathetic himself, every one who came into sociable contact with him wont away feel ing invigorated and: exhilarated. There was a genuine consistency in him. He was the same gentleman to-his., smallest parcels hoy as to ms minister or his best customer. Years ago in the View Point shop when with a rush of business they’d sometimes bo compelled to work after hours, if you called in to see some young follow or young girl you knew there you’d find tho hands tired, fretful and peev ish- “What’s tlie matter with you?” you’d ask. “There's Mr. H. over there,” they’d say. “Ho can’t get away to his tea, and we’re oil as-hungry as young bears and as miserable as bandicoots till lie clears pub' “What I” you would ask, in, astonisliment. “won’t ho lot you get anything to eat?” “Yes, lots of it,” they and reply/“but he can't got anything , himaolf till he’s able to got away, and if you’re hero a few, minutes alter he’s gone you’ll see a basket or two of cakes, tarts and sandwiches and, a jiig or several jugs, of hot tea, coffee or cocoa coming in os if of their own''accord, and perhaps Mrs. H. up at the house—for she’s just as good as a little later on bo sending down to know if wo can take any more. Then wo wire in again, and the work seems to be little or no trouble,!' That was the keynote—thought fulness for others—of the deceased gentle man’s character. That was. why there was such a real gloom round the Beehive last Saturday and why last Sunday at least half of Bendigo turned but te see him. laid away to, rest. I well. remember ,lhc morning in January,> now over 19ve?te ago, when n* both Bendigo papers .there was about half a column togretfully reporting liis death at his residency m Melbourne and briefly fiketching: bis life tip to flint time. Oft. the sate.', morn ing thbro. was a Bendigo citizens' excursion to Melbourne—ono of, llnrio cxciifsiohs in , Whichvtite. late Hon. R. Clark whs a. moving j spirit.- "When the citizens assembled at the station they were all made quite miserable : arid melancholy to learn r.f Mr. Henderson’s death. There was no doubt, they said/of its being a fact, for it was Tu both papers. Mr, Olihrlcs Rote, his former psrtnmy and - still gtr’oftg pbfßqpol friend, Vai bn thotraiiK ;It Was a dull jeter&y; wKnak. Unite Mr. Rbte betook bitesbJf, ah; h'b tbbught, te the flo’nßb of mtfutmng. Bub the crisis of Mf- H'bndorsOn'tl illn’ess Whb. cfVbr, atfd it Wasn't (dr Some fcunb that he.Coftld un derstand what'was tho matter with, his old portlier. For Mr. Rois, it is related; actually Woptitears of joy when ho found that his friend was alive. It used; to ho afterwards, remarked that there must have been ft strong bond of friendship between these two men whouf one who was so quiet, self-restrained and : Undemonstrative oa Mr. Gharles Ross was could ho affected a« he was. Often and often afterwards tho writers of these pre mature obituary notices used to moot Mr. Henderson, Ho cordially forgave them. T1;oy assftred him lioW glad they were that their information Wah wrong, and then lie would relate to them Jhow the report got to Bendigo, whicli a few doyg before plight liaro nearly been true; but was not so when pub llflhcd. It ie rathcr a unique expteicnc&— reading one's own obituary notica The pity : of it is that the some could not be done » socoaid time I . ; Skadoa of Professor PoriboR I Petid tine: — “A farmer named Jaznoa Pmiuami residing at HojnVood, in the Western District', pufr chased a small flock of sheep at a solo oomo months ago, from, which ho has obtained tho splendid percentage of'201 lambs. Tho most pomorkdblo thifig is that the ah'o.ep were sold to the farmer as fat wothew; The purchase has proved mosh profitable, as his neighbors we purchasing the ram lambs for stud pur poses at 10b per head, although tho lambs are only a few weeks; old." ' , Professor . Pearson-is alleged ' Ip Jiayo in structed the manager of a &mhll; estate which r ho-owned in South Australia' not to kill any ’more of tho wethers, bub to keep them for ( breeding. This is evidently a fiock of the i Professor’s wetlicvs that have come over the ;South Australian; border and got into tho | Hoywood farmers possession .; ~is not ; so profitable brceding^ptti(^3i'S?^th j >h' ap pears- to be at years ago wroteA struutions to hi ei.fprhi, v J, 8 tho.-firsfc year thM ytjie wctliers liap/sbroWi’ They've-given 20lS{Sjfcvfce'iit._ year, but if you dmSy^y find that the wethers 10 per cent, per annum. Ilenco I don’t, sup pose that wethers for stud purposes are going to- depose the other kinds of sheep. . - Wo are frightfully distinctive, all-down tho lino.: On- this earth every plant and crea ture owes tile maintenance.of its life to the deaths of other plnnts -or creatures. In turn it has to die itself, aigl then give a supporting impetus to some other thing or things-—men,, cats, horses, cabbages, grass, trees—all tho same. Such a quickly and steadily; revolv ing wheel of life in death and death in life tins life'is. One sometimes wonders what is the sense or meaning of it all, whither is it trending; and whether does nature on the other planets work on the same alternating destructive and constructive lings. English man' kills Dutchman and' takes 'the Capo. Dutchman kills Zulu' and takes the Trans vaal, and again EngHsIuhan kills Dutchman and retakes the Transvaal; At the same : time, in the part of Wcstrolia there is .a fierce roar of another kind going on. Cats that wero released for the pur-; pose are killing the rabbits/ Wild dogs and wild white men are killing tho cats. Anon the wild men will be flailing tho wild, dogs, and Time, if not something sharper and acuter, will be killing. the wild white men. If nature is perfectly merciless, unpitying, and unforgiving, nature is also a groat evener up. It distributes its bruises, stdbs and : slashes with great impartiality. Though. Milton himself wrote a ’'Hymn' to Nature,’' you can"sate-your breath for all-the notice * that nature lakes of hymns or incantations. ' 