THE ST0RYTE3UUKB When the Sleeper Wakes. By H. G. Welm. Author of the ' Wonderful Visit,' ' The Wai of the Worlds,' and ' The Invisible Man.' CHAPTER XXI. THE UNDEE SIDE. And from the Middle Class Quarter they pre sently passed by the running ways into a remote quarter of the city, where the bulk of the manu factures was done. On their way the platforms crossed the Thames twice, and passed in a broad viaduct across one of the great roads that entered the city from the North. In both capes his im pression was swift and in both very vivid. The river was a broad wrinkled glitter of black water, over-arched by buildings, and vanishing either way into a blackness starred with receding lights. A string of black barges pawned seaward, manned by blue- clad men. The road was a long and very broad and high tunnel along which big- wheeled ' This is what I wanted to see,' said Graham, Iryinp to avoid a s art at a particularly striking disfigurement that suddenly staiel him in the face. -Chapter XXI. machines drove noiselessly and swiftly. Here, too, the distinctive blue of the Labour Company was in abundance. The smoothness of the doable tracks, the largeness and the lightness of the big pneumatic wheels in proportion to the vehicular body, struck Graham most vividly. One lank and very high carriage with longitudinal metallic, rods hung with the carcases of many hundred sheep arrcMtdd his attention unduly. Abruptly the edge of the archway cut and Hotted out the picture. Presently they left the way and descended by a lift and traversed a passage that eloped down ward, and so oame to a descending lift again. The appearance of things changed. Even the pretence of architectural ornament disappeared, the lights diminished in number snd size, a« the factory quarters weie reached. And in the dusty biscuit making place of the potters, among the lelspar mills, in the furnace rooms of the metal workers, among the incandescent lakes of crude Eadhamite, the blue canvas clothing was on men, women, and children. Many of these great and dusty galleries were silent avenues of machinery, endless ashen fur naces testified to the revolutionary dislocation, but whf-rever there was work it was being done by slow-moving workers in blue canvas. The only people not in blue canvas were the overlookers of the work- places and the orange-clad Labour Police. And. fresh from the flushed faces of the dancing halls, the voluntary vigours of the busi ness quarters, Graham could note the pinched faces, the feeble mupcles, and weary eyes of many of the latter-day workers. Such as he saw at work were noticeably inferior in physique to the few gaily-drecred managers and forewomen who were directing their labours. The burly labourers of the old Victorian times bad followed the dray horse and all such living force producers, to ex tinction ; the place of his costly muscles was taken by some dexterous machine. The latter-day labourer, male as well as female, was essentially a machine minder and freder, a servant and at tendant, or an artist — under direction. The women, in comparison with those Graham re membered, were as a class distinctly pla-n and flat-chested. Two hundred years of emancipation from the moral restraints of Puritanical religion, two hundred years of city life, had done their work in elimitating the strain of feminine beauty and vigour from the blue canvas myriads. To be brilliant physically or mentally, to be in any way attractive or exceptional, had been and was still a certain way of emancipation to the drudge, a line of escape to the Pleasure City and its ^Iendour6 and delights, and at last to the Euthanasy and peace. In the young cities of bis former life, the newly aggregated labouring mass bad been a di verse multitude, still stirred by the tradition of personal honour and a high morality ; now it was differentiating into a distinct class, with a physi cal difference of its own — even with a dialect of its own. They penetrated downwards towards the work ing places. Presently they passed underneath one of the streets of the moving ways, and 6aw its platforms running on their rails far overhead, and chinks of white light between the transverse slits. The factories that were not working were sparsely lighted : to Graham they and their shrouded aisles of giant machines seemed plunged in gloom, and even where work was going on the illumination was far less brilliant than upon the public ways. Beyond the blaziDg lakes of Eadhamite he came to the warren of the jewellers, and, with some difficulty and by using his signature, obtained ad mission to these galleries. They were high and dark, and rather cold. In the first men were mak ing ornaments of gold filigree, each man at a little bench by himself, and with a little shaded light. The long vista of light patches, with the nimble fingers brightly lit and moving among the gleam ing yellow coils, and the intent face, like the face of a ghost, in each shadow, had the oddest effect. The work was beautifully executed, but without any strength of modelling or drawing, for the most part intricate grotesques or the ringing of the changes on a geometrical motif. These work ers wore a peculiar white uniform without pockets or sleeves. They assumed this on coming to work, but at night they wf re stripped and ex amined before they left the premises of the com pany. In spite of every precaution, the Labour policeman told them in a depresFed tone, the com pany was not infrequently robbed. Beyond was a gallery of women busied in cut ting: and setting 9labs of artificial ruby, and next these were men and women busied together upon the slabs of copper net that formed the basis of sloit-onne tiles. Many of these workers had lips and nostrils a livid white, due to a disease caused by a peculiar purple enamel that chanced to be much in f8snion. Asano apologised to Graham for the offence of their faces, but excused him self on the score of the convenience of this route. ' This is what I wanted to see,' said Graham ; ' this is what I wanted to see,' trying to avoid a start at a particularly striking disfigurement that suddenly stared him in the face. They continued along one of Ihe lower galleries of this cloisonne factory, and came to a little bridge that spanned a vault. Looking over the parapet, Graham saw that beneath was a wharf under tremendous archings, archings like those of a Gargantuan cellar. Three barges, smothered in flouiy dunt, were being unloaded of their car goes of powdered felspar by a multitude of cough ing men, each guiding a little truck ; the dust filled the place with a choking mist, and turned the electric glare yellow. The vague hhadows of these workers gesticulated about their feet, and rushed to and fro agaiost a long stretch of white washed wall. A shadowy, huge mass of masoDry rising out of the inky water brought to Graham's mind the thought of the multitude of ways and galleries and lifts that rose floor above floor over head between him and the tky. The men worked in silence under the supervision of two of tli9 Labour Police ; their feet made a hollow thunder on the plaoks along which they went to and fro. And as he looked at this scene some voice hidden in the daiknesn began to sing. ' Stop that ! ' shouted one of the policemen, but the order was disobeyed, and first one and then all the white staiucd msn who were we rking there had taken up the beating refrain, singing it defiantly, the Song of the Revolt. The feet upon the planks thundered now to the rhythm of. thn song, tramp, tramp, tramp. The policeman who had shouted glanced at his fellow, and Graham saw him shrug his shoulders. He made no further effort to stop the singing. So they went through these factories and places of toil, seeing many painful and grim thing*. But why should the gentle reader be depressed ? Surely to a refined mind our present world is dis tressing enough without bothering ourselves about the miseries to come. That walk left on Graham's mind a maze of memories, fluctuating pictures of swathed halls, and crowded vaults seen through clouds of dust, of intricate machines, the racing threads of looms, the heavy beat of stamping ma chinery, the roar and rattle of belt and armature, of ill-lit subterranean aisles of sleeping places, illi mitable vistas of pin-point lights. And here the smell of tanning, and here the reek of a brewery. And everywhere were pillars and cross archings of such a massiveness as Graham had never before 6een, thick Titans of greasy shining brickwork crushed beneath the vast weight of that complex city world, even as theee anaemic millions were crushed by its complexity. And everywhere were pale feature', lean limbs, disfigurement, and degradation. Once and again and again a third time, Gra ham heard the song of the revolt during his long unpleacaiit research in thete places, and once he saw a confused struggle djwn a passage, and learnt that a number of these bertV had seized their bread before their work was done. Grahuro was ascending towards the wnys again whin he saw a number of blue-clad children running down a transveree passage, and presently perceived the reason of their padc in a company of the Labour Police armed with clubs, trotting towards M-me unknown disturbance. And then came a remote disorder. But for the most part this remnant that worked worked hopelessly. All the spirit that was left in fallen humanity was above in the streets that night, calling for the Master, and valiantly and noisily keeping its arms. They emerged from these wandering.'* and stood blinking in the bright light of the middle passage of the platforms agiin. They became aware of the remote hooting and yelping of the machines of one of the General Intelligence Offices, and sud denly came men runbiug, and along the pi it forms and about the ways everywhere was a shouting and crying. ' What has happened now r ' paid Graham puzzled, for ho could not (Continued on Page 86S.) I understand their thick speech. But the thing I that everyone was shouting, that men yelled to I onn another, that women took up screamitig, I that was passing like the first breeze of a thun I deretorm, chill and sudden through the city, was I this : '? Oatrog has ordered the Black Police to I London. The Black Police are joining from I South Africa. The Master is to be guarded by I the Black Police.' Asano hesitated, came to I . some swift decision, and told him the thing they I cried. I Graham heard someone shouting. ' Slop all I work. Stop all work,' and a swarthy hunchback I ridiculously gay in green and gold came leaping I down the platforms towards him, bawling again I and again in good English, ' This is Ostrog's I doing, Ostrog, the Knave. The Master is be I trayed.' I For a moment Graham stood btill, for it came I upon him that these things were a dream. He I looked up at the great cliff of buildings on either I side, vanishing into blue haze at last above the I lights, and down to the roaring tiers of platforms, I and the shouting, running people who were ges 1 ticulating past. ' The Master is betrayed ! ' I they cried. ' The Master is betrayed !' Sud I denly the situation shaped itself in his mind; I Ostrog had disobeyed. His heart began to beat I fast and strong. I ' It has come,' he said. ' I might have I known. The hour has come.' I He looked at Asano in sudden doubt. [ 'I did not know,' said Asano simply ; ' or I I would have told you. Fur I am on your side, I Master, and not on Ostrog's. I have made my I choice. I am on your side.' I Graham thought swiftly. ' If you are against I me ? ' he said, and left the sentence unfinished. ' What am I to do ? ' ' Go back to^ihe Council House,' said Asano. ' Why not appeal ? ? The people are nere.' I ' You will lose time. They will doubt if it 1b I yon. But they will mass about the Council ; House. There you will find their leaders. Your j strength is there— with them.' | : ' Suppose this ib only a rumour ? ' 'It sounds true,' said Asano. ' Let us have the facts,' asked Graham. Asano shrugged his shoulders. 'Wehadbef- j ter get towards the Council House,' he cried. | ? That is where they will swarm. Even now the ruins may be impassable.' They went up the stepped platforms to the swifter one, and there Asano accosted a labourer. The answer* to his questions were in the thick vulgar speech. ' What did he say ? ' asked Graham. ' He knows little, but he told me that the Black Polios would have arrived here before the people knew— bad not someone in the Wind Vane offices learnt. He said a girl.' 'A girl? Not ? ?' ' He said a girl. Who came out from the Council House crying aloud, and told the men at work among the ruins.' GHAFrafxxn. IK THE ATLAS CHAMBER. As Asano and Graham hurried along the ways to the ruins about the Council House, they Baw everywhere the excitement of the people rising. Everywhere mea and women in blue were hurry ing from unknown subterranean employments, up the staircases of the middle path ; at one place Graham saw an arsenal of the revolutionary com mittee besieged by a crowd of shouting men, at another a couple of men in the hated yellow uni form of the Labour Police, pursued by a gather ing crowd, fled precipitately along the swift way that went in the opposite direction. The cries of *? No niggers ! ' ' Curse the nig gers ? ' and ' The Master is betrayed,' became at last a continuous shouting as they drew near the Government quarter. Many of the shouts were unintelligible. ' Ostrog has betrayed us,' one man bawled in a hoarse voice, again and again, dinning that refrain into Graham's ear un til it haunted him. This person stayed close be side Graham and Asano on the swift way, shout ing to the people who swarmed on the lover plat forms at) he rushed past them. Presently he went leaping down and disappeared. The way to the Council House across the ruins was impassable, but Asano met that difficulty and took Graham into the premises of the central poBt office. The post office was nominally at work, but the blue-clothed porters moved sluggishly or had stopped to stare through the arches of their galleries at the shouting inen who were going by outside. Here, by Asano's advice, Graham revealed his identity. They crossed at once to the Council House by a cable cradle. Already, in the brief interval since the capitulation of the Coun cillors a great change had been wrought in the ap pearance oi the ruins. The spurting cascades of the ruptured water-mains had been captured and tamed, and huge temporary pipes ran overhead along a flimsy- looking fabric of girders. The sky wae laced with cables and wires that served the Council Houbb, and a mass of new fabric, with great cranes and other building machines going to and fro upon it, projected to the left of the white pile. The moving ways that ran across this area had been restored, albeit for once running under the open sky. These were the ways that Graham had seen from the little ba'cony in the hour of hiB awakening, not nine days since, and 'the ' hall of his Trance had been on the further side where \- shapeless piles of smashed and shattered masonry were now heaped together. It was already high day and the sun was shin ing brightly. Out of their tall caverns of blue electric light came the swift ways, crowded with multitudes of people who poured .off them and gathered ever denser over the wreckage and con fusion of the ruins. The air was full of their shouting, and they were pressing and swaying towards the central building. For the most part that shouting blue mass consisted of shapeless swarms, but here and there Graham could see that a rude discipline struggled* to establish it self. The cable carried them into a hall which Gra ham recognised as the ante-chamber to the Hall of the Atlas, about the gallery of which he had ? -?' ? ...'.-.???:.' walked days ago with Howard to show himself to the vanished Council, an hour from his awaken ing. Now the place was empty except for two cable attendants, who seemed hugely astonished to recognise the Sleeper in the man who swung down from the cross seat. ' Where is Helen Wotton ? ' he demanded. ' Where is Helen Wotton?' They did not know. ' Then where is Ostrog P I must see Ostrog forthwith. He has disobeyed me. I have come back to take things out of hiB hands.' Without waiting for Asano, he went straight across the place, as cended the steps at the further end, and, pulling the curtain aside, found himtelf facing the white Titan. ?:. The hall was empty. Its appearance had changed very greatly since his first sight of it*. It had suffered serious injury in the violent struggle of the first outbreak. On the right hand side of the great figure the upper half of the wall had been torn away fur nearly two hun dred feet of its length, and a sheet of the same glassy green film th«»t had enclosed Graham at his awakening bad been drawn across the gap. This deadened, but did not altogether exclude, the roar of the people outsids. Through it there were visible the beams and supports of metal scaffoldings that rose and fell according to tbe requirements of a great crowd of workmen. A dexterous, loud-hissing building machine, with lank arms of red painted metal that caught tbe btill plastic blocks of mineral paste and swung them neatly into position, moved at intervals across this green-tinted picture. For a moment he stood regarding these things, and. Asano over took him. ' Ostrog,' said Asano, ' will be in the small offices beyond there.' They had scarcely ad vanced ten paces from the curtain before a little panel to the left of the Atlas rolled up, and Os trog, accompanied by Lincoln and followed by two black and yellow attendants, appeared cross ing the remote corner of the hall, towards a second panel that was raised and open. ' Os trog,' shouted Graham, and at the sound of his voice the little party turned. Ostrog said something to Lincoln and advanced alone. Graham was the first to speak. ' What is this I hear ? ' he asked. 'Are you bringing negrces here — to ketp the people down P ' ' It is none too soon,' said Ostrog. ' They have been getting out of hand more and more since the revolt. I under -estimated ? ' ' Do you mean that these negroes are on the way P ' ' They may be starting now. As it is, you have seen the people — outside? '.-? ' No wonder. But — after what was said. You have taken too much on yourself, Ostrog.' . Ostrog said nothing. 'These negroes must not come to London,' said Graham. Ostrog glanced at Lincoln, who, at once came towards them, with his two attendants, close be hind him. Asano drew close to Graham; ' Why not ! ' asked Ostrog. ' White men must be mastered by white men.'' ' The negroes are only an instrument.' ' But that is not the question. I am tbe Mas ter. I mean to be the Master. And I say these negroes shall not come.' ?« The people ? ' ' I believe in the people.' ' Because you are an anachronism. You are a man out of the Past — an accident. You are Owner perhaps of half the property in the world. But you are not Master. You do not know enough to be Master.' Ostrog glanced at Lincoln again. ' I know now what you think — I can guess something of of what you mean to do. Even now it is not too late to warn you. You dream of human equality — of a socialistic order— you hav? all those worn out dreams of the nineteenth century fresh and vivid in your mind, and you would rule this age that you do not understand.' ' Listen ! ' said Graham. ' You can hear it — a sound like the sea. Not voices — but a voice. Do you altogether understand ? ' ' We taught them that song,' said Ostrog. ' Perhaps. Can you teach them to forget,it ? But enough of this ! These negroes must not come.' There was a pause, and Ostrog looked him in the eyes. ' They will,' he said. 'I forbid it,' said Graham. *t No,' said Ostrog. ' Sorry as 1 am to follow the method of the couucil — — For your own good— you must not side with — disorder.' Lincoln laid his hand on Graham's shoulder. Then Asano had stepped forward and thrown Lincoln's arm aside. Something flashed, and Graham saw this something was a razor like blade, fantastically engraved, that the little Japanese had drawn. Lincoln recoiled, the attendants seemed to hesitate. ' Go back ! ' said Asano very quickly to Graham. ' Go back. You ace in his hands here. Get back to the people.' For a moment Graham did not understand. Then he saw Ostrog's face. ' Look ! 'he said, and Asano half turned as Ostrog gripped the wrist and throat of the Japanese. Graham suddenly understood Asano. He turn ed towards the curtains that separated the hall from the antechamber. The clutching hand of cne of the black and yellow attendants inter vened. In another moment Lincoln had graspbd his cloak. He turned and struck at Lincoln's face, and incontinently an attendant had him by collar and arm. He wrenched himself away, his sleeve tore noisily, and he stumbled back, to be tripped by the other man. As he went down he saw Asano's knife descend on Ostrog's wrist, and'theo he was staring at the distant ceiling of the hall. \- He rolled over, struggling fiercely, and suddenly one of the attendants shrieked and went down under Asano with the knife driving the blood before it through the side of the neck. The other attendant sprang to secure the blade, and Graham struggled to his feet. Linoolm appeared before him, and went down heavily again with a blow under the point of the jaw. Graham made two strides, stumbled. And then Ostrog's arm, dripping blood, wae round his neck, he wa** pulled over backward, fell heavily, and his arms were pinned to the ground. After a few violent efforts he ceased to struggle and lay staring at Ostrog's heaving throat and wondering what had become of Asano. ' You— are — a prisoner,' panted Ostrog. Graham tried to see what had happened to Asano, and turning his head perceived through the ir regular green window in the walls of the hall the men who had been working the building cranen gesticulating excitedly to people unseen. A bullet smashed among the mouldings above the Atlas The two sheets of transparent matter that had been stretched acrots this gap were rent, the edges of the torn aperture darkened, curved, ran rapidly towards the framework, and in a moment the Council chamber stood open to the air. A chilly gust blew in by the gap, bringing with it a war of voices from the ruinous spaces without, an elvish babblement, ' Save the Master ! ' ' What are they doing ? ' ' The Master is betrayed ! ' And then he realised that Ostrog's attention was distracted, that Ostrog's grip had relaxed, and, wrenching his arms fiee, he struggled to bis knees. In another moment he had thrust Ostrog back, and he was on one foot, his hand gripping Ostrog's throat, and Ostrog's hands clutching the silk about hiB neck. But now men were coming towards them from beyond the dais — men whose intentions he misunderstood. He had a glimpse of someone running in the distance towards the curtains of the antechamber, and then Ostrog had slipped from him and these newcomers were upon him. They thrust and pulled him to his infinite aston ishment. They obeyed the shouts of Ostrog. He was lugged a dozen yards before he realised that they were dragging him towards the open panel. When he saw tbu he pulled back, he tried to fling himself down, he shouted for help with all his strength. There were answering cries. ? The grip upon his neck relaxed, and behold ! in the lower corner of the rent upon the wall, first one and then a number of little black figures appeared shouting and waving arms. They came leaping down from the gap into the light gallery that had led to the Silent Booms. They ran along it, so near that Graham could see the weapons in their hands. Then Ostrog was shouting in his ear to the men who held him, and once more he was struggling with all his strength against their endeavours to thrust him towards the opening that yawned to receive him. ' They can't come down,' shouted Ostrog. ' They daren't fire. It's all right. We'll save him from them yet.' For long minutes as it seemed to Graham that inglorious struggle continued. He flung himself down to save time. His clothes were rent in a dozen places, he was covered in dust, one hand had been trodden upon. He could hear the shouts of bJB supporters, and once he heard shots. He was dragged along the floor. He could feel his strength giving way, feel his efforts wild and aimless. But no help came, and surely, irresistibly, that black, yawning opening came nearer. The pressure upon him relaxed, and he struggled up. He saw Ostrog's grey head receding, and perceived that he was no longer held. He turned about and came full into a man in blacu:. One of the green weapons cracked close to him, a drift of pungent 6tnoke came into his face, and a steel blade flashed. He saw a man in pale blue stabbing one of the black and yellow attendants not three yards from his face. Then hands were upon him again. He was being pulled in two directions now. It seemed as though people were shouting indistinguishable things to him. Someone was clutching about his thighs, he was being hoisted in spite of his earn est efforts. He understood suddenly, he ceased to struggle. He was lifted up on men's shoulders and carried away from that devouring panel. A thousand throats were cheering. He saw men in blue and black hurrying to wards this— and firing after the retreating Ostrogites. Lifted up, he saw . now across the whole expanse of the hall beneath the Atlas image, saw that he was being carried towards the raised platform in the centre of the place. The far end of the hall was already full of people running towards him. They were looking at him and cheering. He became aware thai a sort of bodyguard surrounded him. Active men about li'm shouted vague orders. He saw close at hand the black mouetached man in yellow who had been among those who had greeted him in the public theatre, shouting directions. The hall was already dense ly packed with swaying people, the little metal gallery sagged with a shouting load, the curtains at the end had been torn away, and the ante chamber wae revealed densely crowded He could scarcely make the man near him hear for the tumult all about them. ' Where is Ostrog P ' he asked. The man he questioned pointed over the heads towards the lower panels about the hall on the side opposite the gap. They stood open and armed men were running through them and vanishing into the chambers and passages beyond. It seemed to Graham that a sound of firing drifted through the riot. He was carried in a staggering curve across the great hall towards an opening beneath the gap. He perceived men working with a sort of rude discipline to keep the crowd off him, to make a space clear about him. He passed out of the hall, and saw a crude, new wall rising blankly before him. topped by blue sky. He was swung down to his feet ; someone gripped his arm and guided him. He found the man in yellow close at hand. They were taking him up a narrow stairway of brick, and close at hand rose the great red-painted masses, the cranes and levers and the throbbing engines of the now inactive building machine. He was at the top of the steps. He was hurried across a narrow railed footway, ' and suddenly with a vast shouting the amphitheatre of ruins opened again before him. ' The Master is with us ! The Master ! The Master ! ' The shout sweep athwart the lake of faces like a wave, broke against the distant cliff of ruins, and came back in a welter of cries. ' The Master is on our tide ! ' {To be continued.) - 