SIFTING8. unE defence of politicians who opposed the last Convention Bill but accept the measure as altered at the Premier's Conference rests purely on assumption. The substitution of an absolute for a three-?fifth ?majority is produced as the trump card, but oven that would fail without the assumption that Victoria and New South Wales would always oact together. Is that assumption a fair one? W?o think quite as much is to be said in favour of another assumption, that is, that Now South Wales and Queensland are the two States that are the natural allies. One does not like to say anything likely to fan intercolonial jealousies; but the cold truth is that there has been more unbrotherly feeling manifested between our selves and our southern neighbours than between all the other colonies. One would like to know the real reason why all the country within a radius of a hundred miles of Sydney was blocled from a chance of selection as the federal capital. When found we are inclined to thiek it would not favour the eassumption that New South Wales and Victoria are the two States most likely to work together. Any bow, an assumption is a poor thing on which to found a defenuo for an abrogation of democratic principle. The objection "to the constitution was not confined to the stipulation of a three-fifths majority in a certain clause but to the fact that it did not provide in the final resort for government by the majority. That objection still holds good. It is not a question of fractions. The public did not demand that the bill should provide that two par ticular States should rule the federation, but that the majority, no matter whence it came, should rule. How very poor is the defence of the politicians we have alluded to may be judged from the fact thlat once the assumption that New South Wales and Victoria will work together is removed the whole of their argumouent topples to the ground. It is significant that when such a question as tholocation of the capital is discussed some of these politicians admit that Victoria will do her level best to place it near her border. That does not look like working ogether. An assumption on which so much depends should be supported by something more than a bald statement. The London press, which knows everything and is in that solitary respect akin to Emperor William, saye that our new Governor isn't a marrying man. That is a junk of cold comfort to drop down the bare backs of Sydney society matrons and maidens who probably have mapped out the future and made provioions for a still-uuborn batch of little Beau ohamps. It appears from our London seeors and solons that the family has a curse in it, just as some other families have a ghost and still others gout and tm hereditary predilection for port. The tradition goes that the eldest son of an oldest son can never be-lord of MIadrelield Court. Lord Beauchamp's father was a second son, so the mysterous prohi bition passed by the present possessor of the title; but if he marries and has a son, well, there you are-the eldest son of an oldest son works back again, and a premature death in the hunting field, or suppressed measles at a tenderer age, or one of ten thousand yawning pitfalls awaits him. One wmould think we were back in the days written about by the dead romancista--those who spake of awful spells, and family traditions couched in curiously ar chali rhymes, and blue lightnings lighting up mysterious cells at unearthly hours. It is said that the Earl himself did in some peculiarly confidential mood inform a friend that he would not brave the ban of the family. Now what is Potts and Darling Points going to do ? Is a musty tradition to break up all the golden visions which fancy has been weaving ? Since the bursring up of the Fisher's ghost tradition hers we have become sceptical, and the Lygon ban will have to become much more cireumstantial to doter the Australian fair from baving a shy at Aunt Sally. 