WIT AND HUMOR A Far-Seeing Man.: Aih Akronomir. A country paper.. aldvertises- "T\\\\.o cows for sale, which will calve respect ably in March and April. Apply, etc. "I hear the Colonel has got ovel :hht dllficulty in lis breathing." "Yes.,he use liquid air, with a'dash of bitters.-"Life."' "Some men," said Uncle Elhen. "Is so busy blowin' dah own horis dat dey eant't 'hear de fact'ry whistle coaxin' eml to conme to work."-"Wvashintgti n Stal."' "How do you pronounce the last syl lable of tha: word 'butterine' ?" asked the customer. "The last syllable is silent." stilmy. replied thle- tradeslnn.--."Tit-lilts." 'And to whom do tle Philippitnese b long?': asked thle teacher when. the geog raphy class had reached the subject o( ithe Pacifc Islands "Dewey!" houled' the whole cfass in . ulsn.-" Chicagi Pest." . nEtei.H nd .M aln rT .: "I'hat m would h ow sugge'f, dole tor, for intsomnlia?" Dr Pillsbtly: " [ would suggesr t tlat you at:ermlt to sit"tie with * sick man aold "hie hior lt?I Iltdi hlhe evEro hour for a ftw nidhti"l.--:frc. York Tines." I: In Extremis.-Husbal:d: "Iuy dtrilintg dnhie I am gone thow will .ou everl be able to pay the doctor's til.'" Wife: "Don't Btorry about that, dear. If the woast comes to the worst. I will marty the doctor."--"3tcdiecal tecord." -iM's Greynmir: "Welt- In Austrtia tttey do not allowv a man to go ttp in a ha:rlloots without thle consent of Ihis trife." Grey mnat: "fut tlihat if :that is the only way he can escape?"-"Cinclnattl Enquirer." Doctor: "I hope your husba'nd follow ed my prescription:." ltms Chubls: "No indeed! If Ihe hadl he .ould h:ave broke his neck." Doctor: "Brolken lhis neck?' Mirs Chubbs: "Yes. HIe threw it out of the fourth-story window."--The "Florid. Timtes-Union and Citizen." "Absalom's death proved one thing, my dear," said the minister. ';What's that?" cried his wife, who was dressing. ''"His hair was genuine," replied the minister, as he cleared his throat.--"Puck." A man was caught removing coin draper's goods, and though i e pleaded that he was only "stock-taking." he get six months' hard labor.---"Fun." Taking Exercise.--Jawley: I take exer eise with a bleycle now. Hawley: Really! I didn't know you rode. Jawley: I don't but my wife does-and I pump air into the tyres!-"Judy." Just the Opposite.-He: According to the theory of re- incarnation, I amn doing now just the opposite of what I did in my previous life. Candid Friend: I sup pose in your previous existence you wer always lending money. :::' Working It.--She: Did you have anj trouble in getting papa to listen to you He: Not a bit. I began by telling him I knew of a plan whereby he could say money. No Admission in Winter. - Cancn Knox-Little told a good story once at a Church Congress. IIe said he remem bered a lych-gate in front of a beauti ful church, which had been restored and made very nice. There was painted over the door, "This is the Gate of IHIeaven,' and underneath was the large notice "No admission this way during winte monthb." DESIRABLE QUALITIES. For a Perfumer-Common scents. For a Solicitor-A strong will. For a Barrister-Decided opinions. For a Dentist-Plenty of jaw. For a Doctor-A good (medicine) chest. For a Litlgant-A fair hearing. For a Pickpocket-Taking ways. For a Postman-A smart delivery. For a Millionaire-Lots of brass. For a Theatrical MIanager-EngagIn manners. For an Oculst-A good insight. -"MIoonshine." HE DIDN'T 31EAN TO LOSE THAT Employer : Iillins, the book-lkeepe tells me that you have lost theokey of th safe, and hd cannot get at the books. New Clerk: Yes, sir; one of them; Yo! gave me two, you remember. . "Yes. I had duplicates made in cte o accident. And the other?" .. "Oh, sir, I took care of that. 1 was afraid I might lose one of theml, you know." "And is the other all right?" "Yes, sir. I put it where there 01as no danger of it being lost. It is in the safe, slr!"-"Punch," She frowned on llim and called him \Ir Because in fun he merely KIr, And then, in spite, The following nite, The naughty Mr. Kr. S r.-i HE FORGOT TO POST THE LETTER Perhaps it might be better for AI Smith If he were more observant, or possibly, more something else. The other morning, when he started off to town, hi wife gave him an important letter t post, and when he returned.in the even ing it was in his pocket. "Henry," inquired his wife, just as h had settled himself comfortably, "did you post that letter I gave you thi morning?" "You don't suppose, love, that I would carry it about with me, do you?" he re plied, in as. smoothsa tone as he could mutter. "I don't suppose anything.. else," she said, suspiciously. "Where did you post it?" , Iir Smith evaded the question. "The ,alllar-box is only just rourid the corner, my love," he said; "why, only a blind man could miss it." Mrs Smith jumped up suddenly. i "Henry Smith," she- aexlalmed, "give nme that letter this minute! They mnoved -that box to the far side of. tihe square month ago." WHAT HE INTENDED. In a case heard at Gloucester, in which one of our learned judges, who was then a Q.C.. was sit:ing as judlge. in the sc cond Court, tile colllunse for the plaintiff the defenda it's counsel, and, after a geti deal of argument on both rides,and Inuc' waste of time, the plain:tit's counse said- "'ell. my lord. if you do not allow il, to put the question, you know w'ha course I shall pursue'.'" The judg thereuon allo thereupon allowei the que. tion to be asked. IMeeting the couns' at lunch afterwards lie said "Oh, T--. what dild you inten. doin If I had not allowed you to put the titqules tlon this morning?" "I intended to..sit down" was th- re 1ly. - " TIIA' COW! When, in a certain legai.lative proceed ing in tle United States, it was pro posed to make an npp-oipit'rittion .in a series of exclendittures that inever came to an end, a Wisconsin sentator said that the case rcmindd him uf a cow itat he had on hils farm. He told the story thus: .".Once, wtline -we w.re .lhiving. on the farm., it mn came along and wanted t buy a Cortain cow. I offered himl an': othuer; lut.nothinig ould do hut the nile he ;iotd pointed 'out. ' l'Then I told himu that that cow was one I had given to my wife, and that I could not sell 'it without her conlsent. " 'TWelH." said the man. 'wouldn't she sell the cow?' "tI went into the house, and asked my wife if I should sell the animal. S"'Oh, yes,' she said, 'but I want thle motney.' "I sold the cow\ for twenuty dollars, gave my wifenwo dollar., and said: " 'Call oin imne whenl you w'antt more.' "Then after that, when11 my wife want ed a dlress, a.l onnet, or money to get a wedding present, she would ask me for some of that cow money. I had paid her several thousand dollars of it, and tondered whien the credit would lie ex IIX13Z'.`t.*. .. .? ........ hausted. "e built a house. Then it had to be furnished. We estimated what the cost would be of the things we wanteld. and.found that it amounted to several! thousand dollars. I said: " Wife, 1'ill pay you the balance of that cow money, and you can pay for furnishing the house with it1 "It was a bargain, and at last tile cow deal was over. T'he animal cost nme not far from twenty thousand dollars, but it wao all right." CORIRECTING HIIS GRAIMAIR. The justice of the peace was a self made man, swhose early life hlad" been of a sort not to be called scholarly. In deed, his cl-.nies were wont to sneer at his methods of speech, but he himself was of the opinion that he was a granm marian of no mean attainments. He was, too, a philanthropic individual,w~lo never lost an opportulity to do good to his fellow-men. even when that good tookl the form of lessons in grammar. A lad appeared to give evidence before him in a case involving the theft of a pair of boots, when the following dia 'ogus took llac1: Justice: Did you see the l'risonerale them boots? WVitness: I dunno as these is the ones. Justie: Do you think these boota. is those which was took? Witness: I da.sn't swear, lIut I think as how them's the boots as was stole. Justi:c: Speakl grammatick, young man; slpeak granmmatick. You oughtn't to say 'the boots as was stole,' yell ahoutld .ny, 'tlhe boots as was stealed.' " -"Judy." HIS FIRST SER'MON. i There lived soicme years ago, in a small town not a hundred miles from Perth, a man who was at once a. baillie and an elder of the kirk. In his capacity of elder he was often heard to make un kind remarkls upon1 the minister's preaching, even going so far as to say he couhl preach better himself. SThie minister did not enjoy, the belt health, and when unable,to fulfil his duti?..would get a."supply" from Edit butgh; but once it happened that thl mitlogter was taken ill irr thle night bf Satutlrday, and thelle ,'as no possibility of getting a "supply." With a little per suasion, Baille C- consented to take the serv'ice. All went well, thie r.ading the lesson, singing the Psalms. &c.; Then came the sermon. 'iThe text was given out, and 'Doar brethren--lm;" "Dear friends hir, hm," face getting redder and red dsr, "Ladies and gentlemen." At this hie closed the Bible, and, folding his arms'over it, looked at the congregation and said, "If ony on yer wants the con sate ta'en oot on ycr', boome up here." THE NEW, WOMA?J. Scetne: American court of Justice. The Judge: Which is the plaintifflY in this case? The Plaintiff: I am the plaintiff, your Honor. Judge: I thought the wife was the plaintiff? . Plaintiff: I.am thie wife, your Ionor. Judge: The dickens, you are! Plaintiff: I trust your Honor enter tains no prejudice against the habili ments of the New Woman? Judge: I? Certainly not. At the same time, I feel it my duty to inform you that you don't stand the ghost of a show with .this jury. Plaintiff: Why not - Judge: Because they are all marri'ed .menO. . Shrill voice from the jury box: You'i;e off, judget! Four of tii ,'ar' married women. 