' %\j$ .iia^^H^ , bTORI-TOSSED. — -* ? CHAPTER XXVII. ...??.--? ? WATEB-LOaOEU. ? ' I thought there would be no hap pier man afloat than myself when I had you with me ; and, instead, your presence in thia helliah company makes mo so wretched that all my nerve seems to have gone overboard, and I feol as if I would be glad to ex chaugo places with any dying man among that forlorn crowd there ! ' I could have cried to hear him speak like this. But he stood in need of all tho resolution and fortitude he could command ; so I held my peace, but kept by his side, watching the rolling wreck was, and thinking, with a real heart-sickness in me, of tho feeling of those poor unhappy Danes .when they perceived that in spite of my husband's promise to keep by them, we were leaving them to their . fate. ' We can't keep at this,' exclaimed Richard, at the end of a few minutes, during which ho had been lost in thought, with his arms tightly folded upon his breast. He went for ward. ' Men,' he shouted, ' do you still refuse to help me to stand by that wreck?' : ; ; ' We're too weak-handed to bo watchin' and beatin' agin a1 gale o' wind,' answered Quill. ' Release the chief mate and we'll stand by tho furiners,' cried Snow. ' Man the lee forebraces,' exclaimed Richard. ' Wheel, there, .put the helm over.' And ho added, clinching his hands, ' If ever distressed sailors were murdered, those men yonder are ! Their blood is on your heads ; and there is not a man among you -who dares call himself an English sailor after this ! ' ' Dan Gock '11 not mind that, for one!' shouted More, the apprentice, referring to the coloured hand; and the others laughed as they went leisurely over to the braces. In a few minutes tho yards were trinnned and the foresail set, and once more tho Aurora was heading along her courso on an almost level keel, ' though rolling heavily, and plunging like a wild colt in a gallop, as the heavy following sea swung her up and shot hor forward, smothering her lx»ws in foam when her counter was hove so high that it was like peering down from \- the edge of a cliff to look over the taffrail. I watched a squall, dark as a -?;?'? thunder-storm, up towards us from the ??quarter of the ocean in which the ' 'wreck would be, though by this time she was not to bo seen by the naked eye. I could perceive the long, slant ing, fog-like streaks of tho rain swal '? .lowing up the horizon, and follow the ' headlong rush of its course by observ ing the swift advance of the line of Whitewater which it hurled up as it came, like a play of strong surf upon a. . length of coast. It was an image of v the storm fiend triumphing over its victims, whom we were abandoning, and casting the dark death-like shadow of its whirring and clamorous wings .over them. The picture of that sunken, surge awept deck, stood up beforo me with the rapidity and clearness of a vision beheld in sleep, The miserablo crowd cowering before tho soaking and lash ing — yet oven bending their white faces and haggared eyes all as one man in the direction of which they had last seen our vessel — the agony of expectation that made them deaf to the howling of the squall which introduced a new note into the weary booming of the gale and the ceaseless crashing of the setv— I say, in my mind's eye, I saw it all ; the dying crowd, the staggering, drowning hull, the 'regular coil of the mountainous waves over the stricken and beaten foundering fabric, followed by the wild boiling of foam upon the decks ! ' Come, Jess, hurry below before rain comes ! ' said my husband, and he had just time to hand me to the companion, when the squall was upon us, and the whole scene of sea and sky ? lost in the rolling and revolving clonds of Hying rain, while the shrill shreak ing of tho blast in the rigging seemed like the voices of the-perishing crow, borne as a bittor curse to tho ears of the inhuman wretches who had refused to succour them. CHAPTER' XXVIII. Tub Shadow of Dangeh. Well, this incident was but an ad venture of tho deep, and. having re lated it, I will say no more about it, though it left such an impression upon my mind that, to this moment I see the wreck and her crew as plainly as when T beheld them from the deck of the Aurora. I come now to stuff of a different fibre ?? to our own ship wreck, indeed, as to the dreadful and astonishing perils we encountered, . until our deliverance from all the mis fortunes which befell us in the Aurora, and after we had quilled her. The hurricane, as you know, term inating in a stead}' gale of wind, blew us along, under reefed toj).sails, all that day and night, giving us a famous run in tho twenty-four hours; for, besides tlio speed of tho bark, we had the im pulse of the seas, which, catching us w rhythmically tlmt you might have counted, say, twenty between the rise and full of the vessel's counter, with ? out being one over or under, fora dozen en times together ran us forward almost as fast as the wind itself with every heave, so that, although wind failed us at about ten o'clock next j morning, yet. when Richard came to calculate his observations at luncheon, found that our run since twelve o'clock on the proceeding day was little over two hundred and eighty-eight murin a miles or a full twelve knots an hour. Wo then had a Bhort spell of calm ; but at about two in the afternoon there came ?a light air from the eastward, .which freshening up drew into the northeast and within an hour of the first puff we had the Trades strong on the beam, royals set, and foretopmaststudding sail out, and the little bark with dry decks, and tho hot yellow ' sunshine sparkling in her masts and in the brass work and glass; whilo the foam aped away from undor our counter, and dancod in a line of snow upon a sea of bright and .beautifully blue as the soft heavens over which the Trades clouds were sweeping in white wool liko shapes. If all had been well with us aboard there would have been but little to complain of aa regards tho weather so far. The hurricane was indeed frightful, but we we had come through it unharmed, any it did us good by leaving a gale behind which blew ? us fairly into the Trades, We had made a fast run, and Richard talked of fetching Sierra Leone early in March. But not only the behaviour of the men, but the circumstances of the mate being locked up in his cabin, cast a gloom upon us, which was not to be cleared away by prosperous breezes and fust sailing. I spenk of myself in particular. I was never easy in the cabin, either alono or with Richard. If ever I was disposed to laugh my merriment was always checked by the reflection of that the mate was locked up in that berth just over against \is, and would hear me. There was no freedom. Wo had to, converse in low voices, and tho idea that Mr. Heron could hear all that was said acted with such constraint upon my husband that I would, again and again, catch him about to speak, and then stopping and considering well what he was go ing to say beforo uttering it. Talking to him in our berth on one occasion, I said, 'Why not see the mate, lecture him well, and offer him his freedom and a promise of for giveness if he will go to his work again dutifully, and withhold all sympathy from the men.' ' It's too late,' ho replied. ' Why, we shall be arriving at Sierra Leone presently. Besides, I don't forgive him.' He is a rascal, and I'll have him dealt with as ho deserves.' ' Then can't you get him out of the cabin 1 ' said I.' ' The odious steward made it uncomfortable enough before ; but now that the mate is boxed up, like a spy in a cupboard, listening to all we say, it is positively unbear able.' ' Where can I put him, Jess ? In tho hold 1 It's full of coal. In the forecastle 1 There's nothing he and the men would like better. In the lazarette, where there is no light and air, and whero any rats the Aurora may havo shipped at Sunderland would bo very glad to welcome him' 1 ' ' Have you seen him since he has been under lock and key t' I asked. ' No,' he answered, . ' and I don't want to see him.' 'How do you know that he is properly fed, or that he may not be mr 'Why,' said he, laughing, 'by his keeping quiet. If anything were amiss in that way he'd soon make his want's known. Those ..'long-shore scow-baaks are not a diffident body of people.' As you now see, it could not be helped. Mj' husband had chosen to lock his mate up, for the reasons you havo read, and there was no other placo but his own berth to confine him in. But tho thought that he was thero, listening — imprisoned by my husband, who could release him if he chose, hating us so that the very sound of our voices would bo detestable to him — made the cabin quite intoler able. I only used it for meals ; for, when I was not on deck, I occupied the littlo spare berth, and sewed or read in it, und I never passed through tho cabin without feeling as though thero wore a ghost at my heels. It was a groat pity, for it was a pleasant little cabin. When tho sun shine lay on the open skylight, it was full of radience that rippled in tiny billows upon the polished bulkheads ; the wind sails kept it breezy, and there was room to move about, whore as tho sleeping-berth was small and and close, lighted by a bull's eyes and ventilated by a little scuttle that was fortunately, to windward in the Trades, so that I was able to keep it open, for, had it beon to leeward, the sweltering atmosphere caused by the licrce sun beating upon tho deck over head would hade rendered tho box of a 2-hicc uninhabitable. Meanwhile, there were no more open acts of mutiny among the men —I mean, there were no more collisions be tween my husband and his. crow — though one very nearly happened two days after we had sighted the Danish wreck by Dan Cock, the mulatto, who was in the port watch, that my hus band now had charge of, saucily ansvvering some order that was given him. He stood just before the main hatch, and my husband went up to him and told -him to repeat what lie had said. | To bo continued]. Capstan imported Ci?arettfB ore pat up in eboth medium and mild strength and ore obtainable at alt Tobacconists of 4d per packet of 10. 