A Pre^y Stepmother. ^ j CHAPTER II. •Maurice,* she said, in a ctraineJ #• whisper, then she bit her lip quickly Mid threw back her head a little proud. Ij, * wliot ia this thing you are hinting »* ! "Why should the loss of my brace let make yon to angry 1' • .^Tou have given it away 1' be criod. * <fi vtn away lhat which was my first present to you, Evelyn !' * You believe that ?' s*id his wife, with set lips as she raised her eyes tor %„tn\\)tD.ent.- to his face that was ■quivering with ill repressed emotions. Then die turned quickly away tmd grasped At the back of a tall c'.air that stood near. ' If you think that, there is nothing inore to be said !' ' Then you do not deny it ?' 'I will not deny it! I do not think even you have the right to in sult me by asking for such a denial, and I fcliall not give it!' flertaes was white and quivering and her hands shook as they clasped the carving on tlis chair, but her voice was told and steady. She waited a moment as though for him to speak, then, as he waB silent she turned and went slowly toward8 the doir. Colonel Everard wouli have given r: touch to liave teen able to speak some I;' few of tbe words th \t seemed throng ing to bis lips; but, like n.ost tuen of £! strong feeling, the very force of his emotion kept him silent. I' ■ He could only watch his wife as she \- crossed the vride room, her soft Indian mnsliri gown trailing in clinging folds ' . as she moved, and her white throat ,, and anns.<gleaming through the trans |?i|»rent«pyslia. i;l l like a man stricken dumb he f 'watched lier go, and heard tbe sharp |i®lick of the door-latch as she closed it • "after her, and his brain was.filled with ||ibe whirl of .one wild thought crowding j|*i«pon ahother in a sickening array. |£" He remembered' now, with a new ^bitterness, how she had craved a few §v. § *monthB delay before accepting him ; •.she was two-and-twenty then, and far ^|(po beautiful to have spent those years London without having some lovers Ipibout her, although she had only glaughed^when heinentioned them to jg»ifr.-.aacl had said that 1 he was her fpirst real lover.' ■ |te*lie -thought of the shadow that SpBeepied to have fallen on his young pwfe daring these last few weeks, a P|3Mltot^,3h«t' only his own presence ||#eemed,afcle to disperse. fie knew that she had no relativea jp^bearer than that one widowed cousin |%with ^liom she had lived so long. C^She had neither father, brother, nor -even cousin near of kin. Who, then, ipl9 the man he whom she had met it someone she had known before she et'him, Maurice Everard ? <:He ww much older , than Evelyn ; e knew Jheworld well, and the weak ofhnman nature, even fit its best ie had ^een how: easy it was in many for a once' discarded ldvor to ob h&'^ld* ascendancy again, even Iftfter ycats/of severance; nay, absence &r; to cast a halo round a ^Jiich hia presence had failed to think that Eve ^f^ei^turiperhaps pitiful «f soine i had a jegard in her ^^iftier::.d^r»,^ad in a soft moment ^|tl!owed hipaasfcijlen interview. - , ^ 39odonjrt be had begged some keep ^^ake^Erom her.and she. wearing no i^|ewtHhe»| tbat'fcad not been her hus h|Sgiren that which she de;j|M!est toreplace. It ^ simple little story, to j/j but; one that m&de; oogh to iCe ? within tliat_;Eyelyn was was nid:i|in«ld lover 3*^-3 >^ Eveft«:td tiggi foulUjiaradieo flaring these ffcw Months nf hia wedded llfo when In had fancied hu young wife's heart was all his own. lie threw himself into his armchair in his own study presently, and gave full rein lo all the chaotic fancies that thronged* into his vuiud; fehd it was only whpn the firat sleepy-oycd house mnid came heavily across the hall that ~he roused himself from the stupor that had fallen upon him, and went wearily upstairs to his own room. Evelyn, tired and worn from a ni^lit of restless toising to and fro in a vain effort to get an hour's sleep, ro3e and dressed when tlic summer sun came pouring in between her curtains, warming tljs chill night air of her great room. Then she eat down by the bay win. dow and looked, with dim, unseeing eyes, over that same stretch of lawn and woodland, of park and of purple hill, that had seemed so lovely to her those few months aeo. Now she could scarcely look at it for the blur of tears that filled her eyes, and the dull, throbbing pain in her head made the golden sualight al most unbearable to her. Her husband's step in his dressing room next door roused her at last, just as she heard Madge's light foot fall on the stairs outside, and her shrill little voice singing snatches of the last new opera as she went down io search of breakfast, Evelyn tapped at the door gently. 1 If joa can spare me a few moments before you go down, I should like to speak to you, please,' she said. Her husband caine in, striving hard to keep down the hope that was spring ing tip within him, &nd; that he feared might yet be groundless—the hope that Evelyn was going to confide in him at last. A glance at her face, and. his own b:came sternly set again. She was pale, even haggard in the morning light, and her eyes were ringed round with dark shadows that told of a sleepless night but there.was no faint est trace of wavering or relenting there. She stood quietly in a lay window, the morning air gently stirring the waves of chestnut hair that lay heavy against her white forehead, and she raised her eyes to his. ' I wanted to ask you, Maurice if you qui'.e realise all that your words of last niglit really mean to me,' she said, calmly, though her lips quivered a little, as he thought, with fear. ' I said nothing then but what I meant—nothing but what I am' ready to repeat this morning,' he . added, angered at tier stillness, and at the sudden death of the little hope that had risen up so lately. ' But at the same time I am ready—nay, only too anxious—to hear an explanation you may choose^ to, give me. Evelyn, I beg of you to think a moment before you refuse.' ' It is useless your asking; I have none to offer.' Just for one instant her huBband was tempted to tell her all he bad seen, and all the chain of suspicion it had woven ; then he thought it could do no goad. She was evidently determined' to risk any displeasure or suffering it might case him rather than speak. ' What does this mean ?' he asked cold!;, scarcely knowing what he said. ' It means simply tliie, Maurice, that we must part 4 I canot lire in an atmosphere pi suspicion, of doubt. Unless you can avow your perfect, absolute trust in me, your wife, I leave you at once. I am quite pre pared tp go back to my cousin in Lon don, and she baealways a welcome ready waiting -lor me.' Heliad not«xpected this readiness to cut herself adrift from him at a moment's notice, and It "stunned bim. He could onlystand .silent, thinking of the pride and hardness that was creeping into the white face opposite, and wonderingif it frerafcar. orguilt, or pain, that hadinade the clear -grey of her eyes change £o-so dark a hue. She went ^ after ajmoment'a pause. ' The ,:charge,.you . were pleased to bringegainBtme, unless you withdraw it at once, iny.staying here'any longer imjpo^ble. You must own that , iyoursplf J If^ou i«s v& nothing m&re; iixed on the Carpet at her feet, his firm, brown fingers trembling a little as they rested on the table by bis side. 1 Very well; do not let me detain yon nny longer, please.' ' Her husband went to the door with out another look at her,-then, wiihhis hand on the handle, turned quickly around. ' Evelyn, one other word ! Your allowance will be paid into the bank as usual.' 'Will you please spare me this insult ?' the interrupted, with a hot touch of color springing into each chesk, ' I—I think—I have borne enough—last ni^ht and now !' and the look upon hie wife's face, the tone in her trembling voice, sent him from the room before he could finish his well meant offer. Still with the 8ani9 icy calm Evelyn made all her preparations for speedy departure, and by eleven was waiting for a carriage to take her to the sta tion. •I have to go up and see my cousin for a while,* she said to Madge, as the latter followed Francine up to the bedroom with Evelyn's breakfast and kissed her. ' You had better not stay now, dear. Ia Olive giving your father his breakfast ? My headache prevents me from coming down before I must start for the station.' 1 Headaches ! I think the air must be full of them this morning,' cried Madge, wonderingly. ' There's father, looking like a ghost, if a ghost ever was so sunburnt, and Olive is in bed. Sbe cried half the night, and look quite an object; and her temper, well, it's beyond words of mine to express.' 'Then run down to your father Madge. Don't leave him alone.' And Evelyn gently pushed her step daughter from the ro;m. Only Madge was visible when she went down to the hall; she had sent a message to Olive asking to see her, but the girl sent back word she was far too .ill to eee anyone—she had a racking headache, and must keep quiet; and, wilh a bitter little sigh, Evelyn had turnsd away. ' Don't stay long, Evelyn.' said Madge, as she said good-bye; and it was evident from her careless air that she suspected nothing of what had taken place between her father and hi<3 wife. 'I don't know what the house will be like without you now !' Her step-mother smiled, a faint, wan little smile that soon died away. 4 You must write often, my. dear, and Madge'—she pressed the girl's hand closer—'Madge, dear, you will let me know how your father is 1 'And if he has a finger-ache to telegraph at once ?' laughed - Madge, half jeering'y. But Evelyn turned aside to the man who waB picking up ber bag. 'Yea; that and the large trunk is all.' ' And now, good bye, my dear Madge, and just one more kiss.' When Bhe got down at the station she was surprised to see a boy walking Vixen, her husband's grey mare, up and down the gravelled little yard ; still more surprised and a little shaken to see Vivens master pacing the nar row platform. But if any wild hope -of forgiveness or of reconciliation at this last moment crossed her- mind it was dispelled when he met her. The solitaf-y porter' the - little station boasted was close at hand, the station master's eyes were languidly turned in their ■ direction ~ as Colonel Evjrard came up -with up-raised hat. .' I must see you off with all honor,' he said'quietly, but scarcely venlu irg a look at her-face as be walked slowly by her side. _ 7 ^ 1 Thank you ; I had not expected it,' she. auswerefj,.coldly., ' I must ask you one thing,'che went on, quickly. ',1 cannot bear jto thifife of people feiklcg," of otir '«aiiae being dragged about by all the neighbour-' hood.* . . JBvclyn; winced, but she • did not sp^k.r ^I 'Want . if possible , to hush this up. If ! can see my_way~ clear.to do itj.dp^you .^grfe ?. .1 have been tUinkingof "it since ^we jar^ this morning, and I want to keep your of jiepple's-. mouths. l ean keep theTrulh back, at least, 4or Tt S^|v3IishaU send Ibe girls Abroad ' I dou'tr. know yet. I may follow t-jieiu, but I can't quite say. Hero is your traiii.' And, five minutes afterwards Colonel Everard, standing on the plat, form with Int upraised in one Bun burnt hand, and a. stony, dull look on his bronzed face, caught (he last glimpse of his wife's pale face as the train swept round a curve in the line. 