j A VISIT TO “ lamington: A contemporary publishes au interestin' account of a visit which oue of its staff paid recently to Mr. George Man,Cl’s residence, ‘ Lamiogtou,’ Victoria- road (Vic.) Upon arrival the visitor was received by Mr Marner himself, who had many noteworthy things to say concerning '-ld-nself and (langluer, which the energetic p assman Soon turned into copy. , I thought I would soon lose my daughter, Miss Alice,1 said Mr. Marner to the reporter ; 'she was overgrowcring her strength. Medical men could do nothing for her.' Hero Miss Marner entered and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had.saved her from death and disaster. very 111 after returning home from sclib.iT,’ “' said she, ‘ I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a contiuned languid feeling that made me m •□t miserable. Father took me to see a docter and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination t) do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the ‘quinine tonin’ given me, with regularity. Then I com menced to feel acute pains iu my shoulders and back, and at night 1 could scare !y get any rest.’ ‘We tried everything to induce sleep,'interposed Mr. Marner, ‘ but it had uo effect; then I consulted a well-known Collins Stieet practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but. she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept. down. She lost flesh ard became a mere ghost.’ ‘This time last year,’said Miss Alice, ‘I weighed 7st. 31bs., now I am 9.-t. 7lbs.’ • A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial. * No ; all the medicine I got did mo very little good. Actually, Dr, Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale Peoplo dessrve. the credit. Just before the Jnbliee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasance’s Chapel street P/ahan; they did me so much good that I continued - with them. It is a long time sfcce I discon tinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish.’ ‘ And you would recommend them? ' ‘Yes; and that strongly too.’ said Mr. Marner, ‘ had I known of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills two years before, it would have sRVcd me a hundred pounds.’ The tonic properties of.Dr. Williams Pi .k Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, aud improve the b.-ain. They are a certain euro for indigestion, ailments arising from the heart, pimples, skin diseases, liver .-.nd kiduey toubles, biliousness, aiueoiia, Blenplesi-Tv-sa, rheumatism, lumbago. I099 of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregularities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces &c.; Obtainable ftom all chemists and dealers, o.-from the Br. Williams’ Medicine Company, c/o Rooke, Tompsitt & Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, who will forward six boxes for 15s. 3d., or one box for 2s. 9d. post free, Bewere of poisinous imitations sold at greatly lower prices than the genuine pills.__ ' T ni Ilia f« 11_ - .''H'.ll 