SENSATIONS OF THE SEASON. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, July 14, 1899. THE WAR SCARE. The dullest London season within the average man's recollection is draw-<*> ing rapidly to a close in hot, stuffy weather. We cannot, of; course, ■Main unco anything like the sul ■ triness of Adelaide in February, though ! ,on Tuesday our thermometer di.l register 85 dec. in the shade, and 129 deg. in the •on. Australians frisk like young and happy lambs in this beat, but English folk Njn't built that -way," and if it should continue over next week's test match at Manchester the odds will be considerable «n the "Cornstalks." In the House of Commons a somnolent lethargy unknown for generations appears to have seized oar legislators, who are buried in drivelling 'debates over purely y~*"> questions, whilst pressing prob lems like toe awkward drink difficulty get •helved. ; The attempt to start a war scare con cerning affairs in South Africa has not so far succeeded, though it most be admitted the outlook at the time of writing is un entiang. Whether Mr. Chamberlain and Sir Alfred Milner really mean mischief, I •honld not like to say, bot 1 am pretty •ure they mean as (not forgetting Mr. Kroger) to think that they do. - The War Office are—for purely selfish reasons—bent on « **?Tp?Jr?. bat Lord Salisbury and the balk of the Cabinet will never agree to actively punitive measures unless forced. HOW DREYFUS WAS TORTURED. The gruesome stories of the treatment to which Captain Dreyfus was subjected during his exile by the authorities at Devil's Island, which were published from time to time in the "Figaro" and other French papers not tainted with the "honor of the army" or anti-Semitic diseases, were by many looked upon with suspicion, for it seemed beyond the bounds of probability that the presumably civilised governor of the penitentiary on the Isles de Saint could be guilty of such inhuman proceed ings as were alleged against him. The stories were, it seems, only too true, for enquiries, which have resulted in the dis missal of the governor, have proved that the unfortunate captain was throughout his confinement treated with diabolical and persistent cruelty from the time of his ar rival at Devil's Island. It began, indeed, before he was landed, for after the vessel made port Dreyfus was kept four days in the ship's hold in a temperature equal to 113* Fahr. 'When landed fee was for a month dieted on bread and water. Later, when the first news at Colonel Picquart's expression of his belief in Dreyfus's inno cence reached the island, the hut in which the exile was kept was surrounded by a high close palisading, erected a distance of 17 or 18 inches from the walls, and in this narrow gangway the prisoner had to take kit exercise. A year's- dose confinement of this sort would tell on the strongest tutition, and Dreyfus at length became so seriously ill that the doctor ordered him "more air." The governor interpreted ' this -order by having the roof of the hut slightly raised. Then came the period when Paris became imbued with the no tion that a Jewish plot was afoot to ef fect the exile's release, and in answer to a mandate from .headquarters to keep close guard over Dreyfus, the governor deci ded to mm bis prisoner. On the very first day the ankles, swollen by the pressure of the hnrriedly-forged irons, became lacera ted. A sore formed, surrounded by a circle of inflammation. For two months every morning, the irons, stained with blood, were taken off to leave exposed the wounds. Then the sores were dressed, to form the beginning of- the scab, which it was proposed to destroy in the evening. And so, indeed, it was. When the sun had set the irons -were replaced, and the seab1 topped during the day, served only by its cracks to render all'the keener the' pain, which banished sleep. Under this tortare Dreyfus appears to have behaved with the stoicism of a Red Indian, but his fortitude only seems to have aggravated his tormentors to further iniquities, which seen to have been kept up to the very day of has being handed over to the captain of the Sfax for conveyance to France. JUECBIUU ADVENTURE IN THE SKIES. The advantages of the fine old crusted Toriodure axiom, "When in doot, tak' a •pop"- (ie, have a liquor), were never more conspicuously exemplified than on 1 Saturday afternoon last, when two plucky cid rtyies" probaoly saved their nerve > and their lives by remembering the adage. ■_~ Tludfr adventure began in a public park at Bradford, where a gab and sports woi-i in fiutU?S, a promising feature of the show teinff the ascent of Bramhall's balloon. Mr. {ramhaU ? an experienced aeronaut, though weighing 16 st, and therefore jtttter heavy for the role. > He has made aeons of anccesgful ascenta, and on Satur day tried a new balloon, called the "Lord Masham," of 28JM0 cafatc feet capacity. Two friend* of Mr. Schmidt, of the Em prea* Hotel, and Mr. Crofts, of the Brad fora Town Council, went op with him, and m due course took their seats in the car. Mr. Bramhall had also swung bim aetf on to^the edge, and cried "let s o," whenia refttctory gnst of wind eurfuJnly drov??ti?e balloon in a wrong direction, and jw wjgentlemenly yomur tree, strik «*l, (wmmtM to fis capacious wauttsoat, knocked him over into a clump of eouramently adjacent laurels. As for the balloon, it did not wait to hear more, but relieved of Mr. Bramhall's 16 uU shot up swiftly into the aides. About 10,000 people, were in the park, the great ma jqrw of wliom were watching the ascent of the balloon. Mr. Bramhall is well known,'and when H wv seen that the balloon had gone op without him the dan «er .oT_Ue situation was realised. The tpmt grpwd behaved as if panic- stricken. A rmm was made for the gates, especially by the women and children and at each «f the park entrances there was for several minutes « very ugly block. After emerging from the park large numbers book the vari ous roads leading in the direction which the wind was carrying the balloon. Mr. Bramhall was naturally in a position of eoonoexably anxiety. The balloon, he says, soon attained an altitude of 6,000 ft., and appeared to be travelling fast m the direc tran of Leeds. Alderman Speight, of Scan- Ball, lent torn a fast trotting horse, and wifli this and a light dog-cart/fae was soon «n hi* way- to Leeds. The son of Mr. Croft, one of the passengers in the balloon, was present with his cycle, and he and a friend at once started in the same direc tion with the utmost Fpeed. In the mean tone the balloon passed rapidly away, and both Mr. Bramhalland Mr. Croft, junior, t bad to trace it by enquiries The feelings of the two elderly gentle men, Messrs. Croft and Schmidt, when they fuHy realised tiat they were "alone in the wide, wide—sky," and drifting towards the German Ocean in a rapidly rising gale, without having the ghost of a notion haw to help themselves, may be left to the imagination. Mr. Scumidt fortunately ia Anglo-German and phlegmatic. "Der is nodings to be done whilst we're over Brad fordV^he said wisely, "let us see if Bram hall has a drink on board. It will us g do. They em mined the car, and in Mr. Bramhall's coat found a flask of brandy. Of this they drank, and then (feeling much better) began to practically consider what to do. Neither bad been inja balloon before, and so they had only the knowledge of the ordinary reader. They set themselves, as they say, to care fully study the rigging, and came to the conclusion as to woat course to take to reach the earth. But the balloon, as was afterwards shown, had been going 30 miles an hour, and by the time they were ov:r Kirkstall, between Bradford and Leeds, they felt it would be impossible to attempt to alight for some time in this populous district, and as the balloon appeared to he •lightly descending Mr. Schmidt threw out Eome ballast. The balloon rose again, and both gentlemen are now strong in their ap preciation of the beautiful views they had. Although windy, the sky was clear, and they describe n\ott appreciatively the pano ramic sight presented to them. After the balloon bad passed a consider able distance from Leeds, they saw an .x -tensive agricultural district ahead, and here they resolved to drop. Mr. Schmidt took tcharge of the valve rope, and Mr. Croft of the grapnel. Bath gentlemen find it difficult to describe exactly what oc curred. By the increasing size of details in the landscape, the balloon appeared to descend with alarming rapidity. Fortu nately, it came down upon a wheat field. Almost before they knew it, tlie grapnel caught and the balloon, which Mr. Bram hallsays must have come down almost like a parachute, lay apparently half- emptied of gas, and only bunriring slightly upon the wheat crop, while the two thankful pas sengers stood once more on terra firm.i. They had come down at Bramham, near Boston Spa. It was a quarter to S, or SO minutes from the time the bnlloon left Bradford, and the distance travelled was 27 miles. Curiously enough, the farmer rent ing the field, who ins quickly on the spot, complained that the aeronauts had chosen a wheat field to alight in. They explained that they were amateurs adrift, and would , pay compensation for any damage to the wheat. Some villagers soon arrived, and carried the balloon to the farm. Mr. Scfaaudt udMr. Craft then drove to Honour, on tlio North-Eastern Railway, and telegraphed to Bradford. Before they left both Mr. Bramhall. wlio had taken a wcond horse on the way, :ind Mr. Croft's .-on and liis friend had ll'e pleasure of com inp up with llie .1 ma tour aeronauts, ami mutual and hearty rongraiulations passed. TKSTINU A CLAIMANT. "Sir. o'liarlc* Gunn, the enterprising elderly gentleman who claims to be the losr defunct Lord Charles Hamilton and rightful Duke of Hamilton and Hrandon, met with a scurvy reception from his re latives on the Continent. Instead of wel coming 'him home ag.iin. they called him im|H>slor anil other ruilc names, and a paternal Austrian Government (always glad to oblige it* aristocracy) clapped him ] in gaol till lie promised to qmt the coun try. Jfr. (Junn is now in Knpland, and as sisted by a Mr. Zanders, claims to be en deavoring; to beat uj) old friends who knew Lord C'-harles. and to u*btain recognition. The "Daily -Mail,'" like the Austrian vernment, invariably glad to help in these little matters, promptly took him in 'hand. Did he (the "Mail" man asked) really wisfa to be confronted by one intimately acquainted with j^ord Charles? "Certainly," said (jriwn. "It's what I'm here for." "Well, I can bring someone to see you who says he would recognise Lord Charles instantly," was the reporter's rejoinder. Mr. Gunn was agreeable. His only de sire was that the news should not be pub lished prematurely. An appointment was made for the same evening at an hotel. What occurred is thus related: — It happened, says the "Mail," that we were in communication with Mr. Marcus C. Waters, who lives in London, and -who states that he acted as valet to Lord Charles Hamilton from about 1865 until early in the seventies. Mr. Waters has several documents relating to this period— letters from Lord Charles containing in structions; a passport issued in favor of Mr. Waters, filled up in the body by i?rd Charles: a recommendation given to .him by Lord Charles in 1870; several portraits of his lordship taken in his younger days, some in uniform and some in mufti; por traits of Lord Charleys relatives and his intimate friends; and a few old diaries in which he fully recounted his travels with Lord Charlesr—to Bombay and Poona with his regiment, and on the Continent, for pleasure. Mr. Waters's story was a long one, and full of detail. He mentioned thing-, which could not have been common knowledge; about Lord Charles's reckless ness, his yacht, his extravagant habits, a duel which he fought in Paris —years De fore the duel mentioned in Mr. Gunn's affidavit—his women friends, his house in Paris, his habit of wearing several finger rings at a time, his open-handedness, bis roving ways, his debts, and an exciting day at a West-End hotel, when, to escape the writters, he and a friend went out dressed as porters, and got away. "No doubt about me remembering his lordship," eaid Mr. Waters, "and no doubt about his lordship remembering me. I couldn't forget iam. Why,'his voice would be enough." So our represen tative called for Mr. Waters, and they went together to see Mr. Gunn. Mr. Gunn was waiting according to appointment. Somehow the instant recognition between the alleged long-lost lord and the alleged faithful servitor hung fire. Mr. Gunn and Mr. Waters greeted each other formally, but there was no dramatic forgathering. Mr. Waters maintained a discreet silence. His name had not been mentioned. "Yes," said Mr. Gunn, "I remember your face, but I can't recollect where I met you. Was it in the north f" "I was only once in the north, sir, (and that only for a few hours." Mr. Gunn tried to remember. Was it "abroad —at Baden, for instance? Mr. Waters had 'been to Baden—'-but I never saw j-ou there, sir!" he said. "There seems to be pome forgetfulness," remark ed our . representative- "This is Mr. Waters, who was valet to Lord Charles Hamilton 30 years ago." "How- do you do, Waters?" said Mr. Gunn. "You don't look any older." "That's as it may be, sir," replied Mr. Waters. "But t never taw you before." Then ts> memories were set to work, and guarded questions and cross-questions fol lowed. Yes, Sir. Waters went out with his lordship to India, just before the Abys sinian war. "What ship did we go by, sir?'' he asked. ;Mr. -Gonn said it was the Donald McKay. Mr. Waters said it was the Agamemnon. Nor did they agree, at first, about a lady's photograph, but after wards the same name was mentioned. Mr. Waters produced his early photographs of Lord Charles. They were examined with interest, but nothing particular wag said. A faded portrait of a young man does not necessarily look much like the same man 30 years afterwards. Mr. Waters was quite positive, however, tf at Mr. Gunn was not Lord Charles .Hamilton. - He mentioned tattoo marks which Lord Charles had upon him. Mr. Gunn acquiesced, but did not oner to prove that his marks were the same. So Mr. Gunn's first interview with those who claim to have known Lord Char les Hamilton in his youth was not suc cessful. Mr. Waters saw Mr. Gunn again the following morning. AfterwardsiMr. Sanders pointed out that they had no proof of tile genuineness of the ex- valet's iden tity, and both he and Mr. Gunn contended that the met that one man failed to recog nise the latter counted for nothing. Since the foregoing interview Mr. Gunn and Mr. Sanders have been to Scotland, where the would-be duke has (a la TiVh bourne) been recognised by many old friends. Amongst them is Mr. Brown, solicitor to the eleventh duke, who has warmly es poused the cause of Lord Charles after (.is he gracefully puts it) "reducing the matter to terms of commerce." A "'Duke of Ham ilton Syndicate" has been formed to push Gunn's claims, which certainly seem to have strong points. About a week ago Mr. Brown cam£ to London with three or four other 'well-known and well-to- do Glasgow men. They met Mr. Gunn, and heard bis story. They believed it, and drew up an agreement on the spot, and Mr. Guon signed. Mr. Gunn told them of his adven tures on the Belgian frontier during the Franco-Prussian war, when, as the then ac knowledged Lord "Carlo* Hamilton, he was one of the English officers detailed to observe that the neutrality of the Belgian territory was preserved. He gave an ac count of how, having gone across the bor der, he was arrested by the Germans, anJ aftenvard? liberated. Just before the war uroke out "Carlo" was yachting off the coast of Ireland. He received a telegram of recall, started for London straight off, and -went on to Paris next dcy. Mr. San ders here interpolated a challenge. "It is open to anybody to search the 'Army List' or that time, and see whether an officer named Charles Gunn was then serving. It can be ascertained if he was sent to Bcl cium. Lord Charles Hamilton was sent, Mr. Gunii declares, and he has dispatches to prove it." Sir. Gunn further told the Glasgow deputation, according to Mr. Sen ders, bow a.= a youth he met with an ac cident one day in the hills near his Scot tish home, and broke his leg. He described the spot, named the doctor -whose aid was called in, and, eaid Mr. Sanders, one of the deputation declared, "Eh, mon, it's true. I knaw the spot myself, and I knew the doctor." Mr. Gunn recalled other inci dents which, accordinc to Mr. Sanders, could only have been known to youug Hamilton, or to somebody closely asso ciated with the Hamilton family, and quite familiar with the neighborhood 30 or iti years ago. The statement of Mr. Gunn to the Glasgow representative of the "Daily Mail" was that when he first landed at Arran many people had no difficulty in recognisinc him as Lord Charles, but be fore very long a great change in their de meanor towards him set in. Asked to ac count for this, he declared that they were factor-ridden. 