THE CAMPAIGN. HON. F. JAGO SMITH, M.L.C., AGAINST THE BILL. . Monday last was one of the coldest and most miserable nights of the year, yet, notwithstanding the run, &c.;, a fairly good attendance listened to an address by the Hon. F. Jago Smith, M.L.O., in the Town HalL Mr. Smith spoke for an hour and a naif, and Bharply attacked the Bill pointing out its many defects and reasons why it should be rejected on polling day. The Uayor (Alderman Wynne) presided, and said it was needless for him to introduce the speaker, as Mr. Smith was as well known to the Molong people as he was himself. The speaker -was a thorough ' Molong boy,' this being his native town, and tbey all would agree that Mr' Smith was not a bad specimen of a ' Molong boy.' Dr. Ross, M.L.A., and Mr. W. H. Couch, J. P., occupied scats on either side of the chairman. Mr. Smith, in thanldng the Mayor for his flattering remarks, said he was extremely obliged to tbat gentleman I Ay//bomtng all the way into town on I such a miserable evening to preside. But the Mayor had promised to do so, and it was a well- known fact that Mr. Wynne never went back on his word — especially to a 'Molong boy,' eh I It was a pleasure for him to come to Molong to address a meeting, and although be differed in some respects to tbeir worthy member, Dr. Boss, who had bad the honor of representing Molong for nearly 20 years, yet he was glad to Bay they were both on the one side in this all-important question of Federation. He always entertained a warm and kindly feeling for Molong and its people, and he took it as a compliment that so many should roll up on such an unpleasant evening. The present question of Federation was so big and complicated that it was difficult for anyone to understand it properly. Tbey bad the largest newspapers in the colony — the Herald and Telegraph — each saying a differ ent thing from opposite standpoints. Tbe two most prominent men in tbe colony (Messrs. Reid and Bartou), two rotund and roley-poley gentlemen, ?were also saying different things. Mr. Barton says the present Bill is tbe same as the 1898 Bill, and Mr. Reid says it is so much altered and improved that be could honestly support it this time. With such conflicting state ments is it any wonder tbe people were puzzled how to make their minds up ? It was only those who had Par liamentary opportunities who fully understood both sides of the question, and knew tbe exact state of affairs. Consequently be might be pardoned for visiting Molong and placing bis views before tbe electors. TTbey all knew the history of the old Bill, and the amendments which had been sug gested for insertion, but be would con fine his remarks to the old measure. One of its good points was that it fur nished a scheme by which Australia might federate, and instead of being seven colonies be one united nation. If the Bill was carried on polling day it would be that point alone which would ensuie its success. But the Bill contained many serious objection?, viz. : — 1\. The form ot Federation was not satis ? factory. 2\. Equal instead of proportionate repre sentation in tbe Senate. 8\. The cost of tbe scheme was excessive. 4\. The power of both Bouses was badly arranged on occasions of dealiocVs. 6\. Appeals to the High Courts were un satisfactorily provided for. 6\. The Financial Clauses were not satis factory. 7\. New South Wales was bally treated in the control of ber riven and management of railways. 8\. Inadequate provision for altering re spective State boundaries. 9\. The seat of Government and Federal Capital. 10\. Provision for alteration of the Consti tution was not satisfactorily provided for. These were 10 indiotments he pro posed to deal witb, and Mr. Reid had also inserted an entirely new clause, equally objeotionable, which be would refer to later on. When the Bill was defeated last year, it was re solved by both Houses that amend ments should be made, and Mr. Reid was sent down to the Melbourne Con ference with them ; he failed, how ever to have New Sooth Wales' sug gestions inserted in the Bill. Regarding the form of Federation. There were only four federated terri tories in tbe world — the Swiss, Ameri can, Canadian and German — and these fell into two categories, one with equal representation in the Senate, the other with proportionate represen tation. The Australasian Convention Bill, had been drawn ap by 10 dele gates from eaoh of the five colonies, and it was lure ihat the whole unsatis factory arrangements were made. It was easily seen that ihe 80 delegates from the etnaller jitates outvoted the 20 from Victoria and New South Wales/and flb H was tbat they carried *p4bat equal zepresentation shonld exist in the 8ene^. The smaller States knew what they were about. In the Bwiss and Constitutions egoal repreeentation in the Senate exii$ed|i tot thoir circumstanoaB vera different to pan. In the Amerioan Statea. wHich jrere lOO years old, no State w*s «U6wed representation at alllii theSenatiuJijl^ltbi^jiwn lation of oTer SOO.WO. and nntil that called terri tb® Ameri CMCon»titati(-n4long«ideef them tation existed ' also, and so should* we have proportionate representation in j Australia. But the delegates ol the. smaller States at the Convention .viere in the majority, and in framing the Bill they carried it that equal repre sentation should exist. Under the provisions of the Bill Westralia and Tasmania should only have 8 to our 26 ' representatives in the Lower House, but a proviso existed that the numberBhould not be less than 5, so that they have double representation com pared to population. Then in the Senate it was so arranged that New South Wales should have but one senator for every 224,000 electors, Tasmania one for every 28,000, and Westralia one for every 29,000. Was it fair that the two small States should have-FOB ever so large a pre ponderance of representatives in the two Houses. One important bearing of unequal representation was that taxation would have to be levied through the Customs, and in couse quenoe of the comparative wealth of tbe colonics, Tasmania, which con tributes about a tenth, would have tbe same vote in the Senate as N.S.W. as to how tbe funds of Federation should be disposed of. Then as to tbe cost of tbe scheme. One fault of the Bill was that no pro vision had been made for reducing tbe salaries or nnmber of Parliamentary representatives, Governors, Ministry, &e.;, and it would not be any easier to effect these reductions afterwards than it was before the scheme is accepted. The matters would have to go through botb Houses, and it was hardly likely the members would reduce themselves in salary or number. Another clause allowed for a new Governor-General at a salary of £10,000, together witb contingencies, and altogether a new sot of costly machinery was added. In Canada they divided into territories, and provided for Lieutenant Gover nors, and reduced the number of both Houses. Why did not our Bill pro vide for some such provision to effect a saving somewhere? But, instead, extra expenses were incurred. The powers allowed tho two Houses was of enormous importance, and it was only those who bad an insight into the way Parliament was worked who could recognise fully what tbis clause really meant. It was tho first regulation of a democratic and liberal Government that tbe Lower House should bold the strings of the public purse, but if tbe present Bill is ac cepted such would not be tbe ease. Mr. Smith read tbe various clauses dealing with the powers allowed the Senate for altering or amending money bills. He failed to see any difference in tbe Senate having no power to amend money bills and the fact that they could suggest amend ments. Cleverer men than he was had failed to see any difference either. The request for an amendment in a House so constituted was tantamount to a demand that such amendment be made, and in bis mind there was no disputing the fact that the Senate bad power to amend money bills as well asother 'measures. Sir Joseph Abbott, speaking on this matter at the 1897 conference, said be believed the Senate's power in tbis direction was identical, but tbey would have to make tbe people of N.S.W. believe that it wasn't. Sir Joseph also confessed that be couldn't see any difference in powers allowed the Senate of amend ment and suggestion. No, nor could anyene olse I The clause dealing witb Deadlocks bad been slightly amended, but not what it might have been, and tbe question of Judicial Appeals was not of so much importance to tbe people in tbe country. But it was generally ad mitted to bo a ridiculous absurdity. Tbe clause providing for tbe raising and spending of'tbe revenue aud deal ing witb tbe surplus was one of tbe most important in the Bill, and he would like to give tbe matter special attention. The Finance Committee appointed 12 months ago to inquire into the cost of Federation (and he believed their report to be correct) bad calculated tbe direct cost of the new services to be Ss 7d per bead of tbe population. Reid, Barton, Want, everyone agrees to that. This 8s 7d per head was reckoned on every man, woman and child in N.S.W., so that a man with an average family of four would he taxed at ISs. Tben tbe indirect cost was estimated at 18s per head. Under the ' Braddon Blot ' one-fourth of tbe revenue was to go to the Commonwealth, and three fourths back to tbe States. At present three of the States were fully burdened by direct taxation and could bear no more, therefore tbe federal revenue would have to be raised by a Customs and Exoise Duty. Tbe Finance Com mittee estimated the cost (leaving out Queensland) at OJ to 7 million pounds. This would have to be raised by Customs and Excise, and the result was tbat more revenue wonld require to be raised in N.S.W. than was needed at present. This would go into the Federal revenue but be oould not see bow it would ever be given back to us. It would be spent in the construction of Government works. Tbis was to rule for five years. He oould not see how it was to be re turned unless through a remission of the Land and Inoome Taxes and Probate duties. By instituting a sys tem of taxation through the Customs nine-tenths of the burden must fall - upon the general mass of ,tb» people, j not npon the. rich. If the BUI was ?coepted the' whole cost wboU Mi npon N.S.W. alone. The other odo-' met wanted Federation, but they also ?wanted JJ.S.W: Vito' pij piper Bawonldnot like to eall «hem ,rob th#i»a»*rki pend they will try it on, and unless Queensland joined in N.S.W. hadn't the ghost of a chance of preventing tbe otber colonies from doing just what they liked. The Inter-State Commission ap pointed to control our rivors and man age our railways was allowed too much power and authority. They were to be handsomely paid and were to remain for at least seven years. The other colonies had no navigable rivers as compared witb N.S.W., and it was in their power to stop any large scheme of irrigation wbicb we migh tat tempt. Last year Mr. Reid said tbis clause must be amended, but bo has now given it up. The Riverina trade would be seriously affected — [Mr. J. Morris : Who will have to pay tho interest on tbe railways ? Mr. Smith : New South Wales, undoubtedly.] The provision for alteration of State boundaries bad been amended very much for the better, but tbe clauses providing for tbe Suat of Government and tbe Federal Capital bad been amended 'much for the worse. The new Bill provides that the capital should be in N.S.W., but not within 100 miles radius of Sydney. Tbe temporary capital was to be in Melbourne, aud be had not the slight est doubt in bis mind that oncu tbe Bill was accepted tbe Federal Capital would never leave that city. He bad always been a supporter of Mr. Reid's but that gentleman's acrobatic jurnp jimcrowisms was enough to fill anyone up. No one could follow the great wriggler. At the Convention Mr. Reid bad been hoodwinked over the Capital, which certainly should be in either Sydney or Melbourne. But Mr. Reid adopts a clause making it necessary that tbe capital should bu located in some small centre of popula tion, although be previously said it should never bo in such a place. It was ridiculous to thiuk that after be ing ten years in Melbourne the capital and federal offices, &c.;, would be ! removed away up to Tumberumba, Iiombala, or some such place in N.S. Wales. Besides, what chance was there of ever picking upon a site when so many towns were aspiring to tbe position ? It would take a long time before a locality was selected, aud it would take tho Federal Parliament still longer, as they would reject place after place because they would prefer the capital remaining in -Melbourne instead of being taken away into the country somewhere, liven oar own representatives would not care to leave Melbourne to sit in some out of the way hole in the country. Then if the capital was to be in the country millions would have to be borrowed for tho erection of State buildings. He was confideut once the capita! was in .Melbourne there it would remain, tho Federal Parliament pa -sing an act vetoing the present clause iu the Bill and making it legal that the capital should remaiu iu Melbourne. Ho did not so much mind wburu the capital was so long as it was in either Sydney or Melbourne, but he b.i l a decided objection to false and mis leading clauses being inserted in the Bill. Forty years ago Buenos Ayres was selected as the capital of Argen tine Republic until such time as another site was chosen. Buenos Ayres was still tho capital. The other colonies might at least let us have the capital — [Voice : What about Molong ? Mr. Smith : There is no place in the country I would sooner seo it in than iu Molong 1 Voice : We could build the houses out of marble and call it the ' Marble City.'] Tbe c'ause ameuding the C institu tion was a generally good and reason able one, but tbe new clause 96 put in at tbe Conference was altogether had. It read : ' '''ring a period of ten yeare after the establishment of the Commonwealth and thereafter until Tho Parliament o:berwiso provides, The Parliament may grant financial assistance to any State on such terms aud conditions as The Parliament thinks fit.' This clause made mat ters worse. We all kDow that there will be ]no surplus funds except that belonging to N.S.W., and was it fair tbat tbey should be handed over to some necessitous State without us having any say in the matter 1 Was it Dot a gross injustice ? A State likely to want such assistance should not be included in the federation, for they bad a poor chance of repaying money so borrowed. Tbat clause should never have been inserted. Tbe other colonies might grow in time and make up a lot of tbe present handicap, but Tasmania could not hope to be any more than what she was to-day, consequently it was an anomaly to admit her into the Federation on equal terms with, the other colonies. Mr. Reid had gone to tbe Confer ence with ten amendments for inser tion in the Bill. One waa carried absolutely, another partially, and the other eight were thrown overboard and never heard of again. He did not mind bo much about the 'Secret Conference,' bnt Mr. Reid had the impudence and cheek to come back to us and say the Bill bad been made acceptable. Did be expect reasonable minded men to swallow his jump jim crowismB ? But perhaps it was the Federal Premiership dangling before his eyes that made the Bill acceptable to Mr. Reid. In conclusion Mr. Smith said he felt impelled by a sense of duty to some to Molong to put electors in possession of thb same facts that he mew himself. He had ooonpied a seat in both Houses, and though he had endeavored to represent Molong fate &nd; the*Doator were against him. He bopdd the electors of Molong Wduld Tote against the Bill for it waa altogether bad and, by waiting they would oertainly^bi abetter one. He granted Proportionate Representa tion in the Senate. (Hear bear). But that even would not make tbe Bill a perfect one by any means. If the colonies were fairly represented ho believed the Bill would be carried, but as it wn3 it would be defeated by a small majority. (Applause). Dr. Ross, M.P., ia moving a vote of thanks to Mr. Smith complimented that gentleman upon his able address. Mr. Smith was a Member of the Leg islative Council, a much censured body, but they were deserving of the thanks of every honest man fcr their action regarding the Bill, Mr. Smith responded and the meet ing terraiuatod with a vote of thanks to the cbair. 