THE STRIKE OF TiLUE SLATER. lillio Glater oneii sain eke was work ing her fingers to the bone, but nobody seemed to cave. I Xiilie's sister Alice was the “fashion-) able" dressmaker in Uuseberry Row, and '{illie was her assistant. She cut button- i holes, sewed straight seams on the ma chine. tallied out basting threads, lieltied to cook tiie meals, washed dishes, swept lloors and read the news to her brother Good rey. l’here had been a time when the Slater girls had looked upon Geoff rey as a helper and a protector in the struggle with poverty,which was the only legacy their parents had left lliem. But that was-hefore the accident on the new school house, where lie was working. After that Ids arms were limp and life less, his back was bent, and his eyes were bad, and the poor boy, with the hope and strength of his seventeen years all bligh ted. because nothing but a burden to liis faithfnl sisters. There were a good many times when Tillie worked herself into the belief that she was a martyr. Then she secretly re belled against the hardness of her lot; but, with the exception of commenting on tile condition of her linger tips, she con siderately refrained from complaining in Alice's presence. Tint when they took tlie baby to raise she felt that she was .insti lled in open rebellion. “It's a downright shame," she cried out, bitterly, when Alice brought the little fel low home with her from the funeral and announced her intention of keeping him. “1 declare, I won't put up with it. Just ns if we haven't had a hard enough time. already without this happening. It's been nothing but work, work, all my life. I've never bad time nor the money to go to places, and do things like other girls. I’ve never said anything about liow I felt, for I supposed you and Godfrey were suffer ing just as much as I did. But when.it comes to saddling ourselves with other people's children, I won’t stand it.” “But lie’s our own nephew,” persisted Alice, gently. “Our own sister’s child. Just before Clara went she called ine in and asked me to fake him and bring him up, and I've got to do it. Remember, be is an orphan as well as ourselves, Tillie. If we don’t care for him. who will?'1 “I don't know,” said Tillie. stiffly. “I suppose you can put him in an asylum or an institution. That is where other babies go when their fathers and mothers die, and lie's no better than the rest of them. There's one thing sure.we can’t have him. One more mouth to feed and one more body to clothe means a good deal to poor -folks like us. And wo need so many tilings now. too. Besides, who’s going to take care of him? A two-year-old baby can’t very well shift for himself.” “l'es, I know,” returned Alice. “I thought von could take him out for an airing sometimes and look after him a lit tle niglits and mornings. Geoffrey and I can manage to get along some way during the day. Then vacation will soon be here and you will have lots of time to give him.’' "jtiKo care ot aim nights and mornings and haul him around during vacation! Yes. indeed. I see myself doing it. I'll strike, that’s what I’ll do, Alice Slater. I won’t turn my hand over to help about one solitary thing. If you're going to burden yourself with troublesome babies, you'll have to get along the best way you can. I shan’t help.” •Mice sighed and ttwr^noed to pare the potatoes for support Time took up her I.itiu reader and tried to study, but somelow she could not concentrate her thoughts on the lesson. Through the open door she could see the baby sit ting by tins sewing room window in the midst of some flowering plants that Tillio. had careflilly nursed throughout the winter. He vas a bonnie child, and he looked so sweet and pretty in his pink dress and wide milled apron that even Tillie’s hardened heart was touched, and the thought was borne in on her mind as she watched him that of all the flowers blooming there the daintiest and fairest was her little nephew. ‘•Why don’t you kiss the baby, dear?'* said Alice, as she began to set the table. “Don’t act that way. Poor little thing, he has been so lonesome yesterday and to-day without liis mother. Clara al ways spoiled him, I guess. He’ll get j over it soon, but it's pitiful now to see bow his heart is grieved for her.” | Alice lifted a corner of her apron to her eyes, but Tillie turned lier attention to the Latin reader once more and refused to welcome the addition to their family. She did not refer to the subject again, but her actions gave positive proof that the strike was on. “Tillie’s still sulking,” Alice said to Geoffrey one morning, after her sister lml gone to school without heeding the boy, who had held out his chubby hands, and asked, in his baby way, to lie taken, too. “There's been an awful change in her. She never does anything unless I ask her to, and she seems to hate little Hiram. I’m sure I don’t know what I’m going to do about it.” and the nineteen year-old breadwinner sighed. “Don't worry, Alice,” said patient Geof frey. "Don't pay any attention to her awhile. Anybody'd have to love this child. It’s contrary to human nature to hold unkind feelings toward him.” But Tillie’s had humor did uot wear off. The strike was continued throughout April and Hay, and when vacation began her dislike for the little hoy who had," by common consent, been consigned to her care, was at fever heat. Tillie herself often wondered how she could treat him so badly. “Hiram Stewart, Hiram Stewart I hate you,” she said one day in a low, tense voice that fairly frightened her when she realised what a terrible state of mind such a tone must express. She had taken him out to the park that afternoon for an airing in compliance with Alice's request. She placed him in one corner of a wooden bench and knelt before him that she might look him squarely in the face when felling him what she thought of him. Even in the midst, of her anger Tillie involuntarily pronounced him the prettiest baity in the whole world, with his soft brown hair, long dark lashes and beautifully moulded face, but the thought did not cause her to relent. “Do you know what you have done to me, Hiram Stewart?” she went on. “lou've made me work my lingers to the hone." Tillie could not forbear using her favorite expression, in spite of the fact that she had been doing comparatively little since iris coming'. “You keep me from having any fun. I can't go visiting with the girls, but have to lug you around every bright day instead.” Great tears were coursing down the baby's cheeks and his breast heaved with "the storm of sobs that was about to break. Tillie saw his grief, but slu went on mercilessly. “I had completed plans ror having a lit tle pleasure this summer for the first time iu my life, and you bad to come in and knock them all in the head. Hiram Stewart, you're the pest of my existence. I’m not going to put up with yon any longer. I’m—going—to—lose—-you.” It seems as though the child understood the import of the words, for lie set up a cry that echoed through that part of the park and attracted the attention of every body who chanced to be lonnging there. “Oil. dear! Oh, dear!” lamented Tillie. “I’vg^tjne it now. I ought to have known better than to get liltn scared. I must try to quiet him somehow, There, there, baby,” and she assumed a coaxing tone, i ‘‘don't cry. Tillie didn’t mean it. Come | on, darling, and go to sleep. Tiilie’ll sing j for you.” She took him in her arms and sat down I in ills corner ol' the bench. Then, sway ing herself gently backward and forward, she murmured a lullaby with which her own heart had often been soothed when heavy with infantile woes. The after noon sun was sinking low, and its last rays fell athwart the fair face nestled against her shoulder, when Tillie ceased singing and assured herself that the baby was sound asleep. One little hand was closed over the end of the lace scarf at her throat, but she deftly loosed his grasp, and with a dexterity born of a settled determina tion she slipped him from her arm to the bench. Then she stood up and looked around. That comer of the park was momentari ly deserted. The only persons in sight were three boys in a boat, quite a dis tance out on the lake, and ii lisherman. who was .just returning from the end of the pier. She watched the fisherman until lie struck into a pathway leading south,then turned to the baby once more. One tiny hand was doubled up under his ! head and the other nestled beneath his , chin. There were tear stains on his cheeks, and even in his sleep his breath ing was convulsed now and then, as though dreaming of the sorrow he had just home. Tillie gave one more quick, frightened glance at the child on the bench, then turned and rau. with the swiftness of a young gazelle, through a deeply shaded pat h that branched off from the wide car riage way. Twilight had already settled down in the tree-lined walk, and there was no one to watch her flight. She had almost readied the street, where the cable cars were running to and fro. be fore anyone crossed her path. Then she slackened her speed and walked into the wide drive with apparent unconcern. The dock in the tower of the railroad depot at the head of Ttoselierry row was striking seven when Tillie walked into the kitchen—alone. Supper had been standing for half an liour, and Alice al ready bad grown nervous and anxious. “Where's Hiram';” she asked, when she perceived that Tillie did not have the baby. “O-o-o-h.” moaned Tillie over and over again. Her grief was not feigned, for her alarm bad by that time become genuine in realisation of her offence. “What's the matter?” repeated Alice. “Where’s Hiram?” “He’s lost, or stolen or something.” said Tillie. “I had him on a bench close to the lake, and I just went down to the edge of the water l'or a few minutes, and when 1 went back be was gone. O-o-o-b!” “ Somebody's stolen him.” said Geoftery. Alice was weeping piteously. “Did you speak to a policeman, Tillie V slie asked. “A'-n-o,” faltered Tillie. “I didn't tliiuk about it.” Within an hour’s time a description of the lost child had been sent to every police station in town. That was a pro ceeding Tillie had uot counted on, and she wondered what the outcome would be. It practically resulted in nothing, for in spite of the assurances of the offi cer who paltoled Koseberry row that Iliram would be restored by morning, the next day dawned without bringing any news of the pretty boy. Tillie passed a miserable night. She begged to be al lowed to sit up with Alice and the neigh bors who had c-orae in. bur they bade her go to lied. *■-' _ “It isn’t yonv fault, child,” they said, kindly. “A'obody blames you. You look like you’d been sick for a week. Go to lied and try to rest a little.” Their tender solicitude increased her feeling of guilt. Along toward morning she fell asleep, but she was tormented by such awful dreams that she was glad when tney told her it was time to get up. A week passed, and iu spite of the ef forts of the police the Slater baby was still missing. Tillie had rid herself of her troublesome little relative, but somehow his absence did uot bring the sense of freedom she had expected. The strike had been called off, and she again helped Alice of her own accord.F.ut there wasn't | much to be done. Sewing was slack .iust j then, and all the duties pertaining to the .Jjaby were no longer needed. Site lmd plenty of time to go visiting with the girls, but site had no inclination to im prove her opportunity, and every day she looked longingly at the high- cliair which stood empty among the roses and gerani ums and carnations, and ■wondered what had become of him. Of afternoons site went to the park and sat on the bench where she had left him in the chill of the coming night. The picture of the baby as he lay there was constantly before her and she cried out that her heart was breaking. It was her first great sin, and the punishment was terrible. On the eighth day after “losing" the baby Tillie walked dejectedly through the park toward the fateful spot. I-Ier head was bent, and she did not raise her eyes from the ground till near the fami liar bench. Then site stopped short with a cry of alarm and rubbed her eyes to make sure she was awake. Yes. she was rigid; she had lost her mind indeed, for there on that self-same bench, dressed in the same pink frock, and lying in the same attitude, iu the same corner, was tin; despised baby. Her heart gave a mighty hound as though it would jump clear out of her mouth. “He's dead, and that's his ghost.” she cried, faintly; “but I'm going to look at his pretty face once more, anyway.” A moment later she stood beside him, ami in another instant Iiiram Stewart, in flesh and blood, not in spirit, was clasped in her stroug young anus. "My darling, darling baby.” she sob bed. I love you; indeed I do.” There was a note pinned to his dress. It was addressed to her. .She opened it and read as follows: "On the afternoon of “dth Juue an old man who was resting in the shadow of a clump of bushes iu Lincoln Park heard a little girl saying some very cruel things to a baby. Among other things she threatened to ‘lose’ him. The old man was sorely grieved at that, and after the little girl had run away lie went over and sat on the bench beside the sleeping buy. It was dark when the baby awoke and sal up and looked around him. He was chilled and hungry, and frightened at tli.: lonesome stillness, and if the little girl could have heard his pitiful crying she would have vowed never to ‘lose1 him again, but to love, him dearly. “Tiie old mnu took him home. lie soon learned, through the newspapers, to whom the child belonged. lie made a trip to Iloseberry row and told the little girl's brother and sister a few things, and they decided it would he as well to bring the little girl to her senses. The old man has given the child the best of care. He would like to keep him always, but there are others who have a belter claim. He is yours henceforward.” There was no name signed to the let ter. Tillie looked all around for the old man. who. she thought, must be near, but lie bail disappeared as mysteriously as be had come the day she “lost” the baby. Tillie clasped Hiram’s chubby arms round her neck and pressed him close to her heart. She went straight to Rose berry row. “I’ve found lilfia, Alice,” sbe said, ply. ‘‘You know all about it. I’m s> The strike is over, Alice, and if you d let me work my lingers to the bone n I’ll never forgive you. - -"urncago v com. 