I would ratlier' have mounted my fancy On a nightmare as I did last year, but the editor was obdurate. He wanted me to go round again and see how a few of those people wiho are celebrities, some in spite of themselves, some in spdte of others, spend their Ohristmastide. I pleaded for a night mare; the editor said that spending Christ mas with people would be quite nightmare enough for me. He was eight. Christmas is a time of,philanthropy, likewise of pills. The indigestion which prevails is ascribed, by superficial observers, (to plum- pudding and mince pies. It is really due to the consanguineous character of Christmas ga therings, and the consequent friction. When many relatives are gathered to gether, each one conscious of the family tailings so painfully evident in each other one, discord hlae a wide field to play in. And so, having a weakness for night mares for literary purposes, I accepted tJio editor's mandate. He suggested that I might pay flying visits, say to Hatfield, to see what Lard Salisbury was doing; to Lambeth Palace, ito have a peep at the , Archbishop of Canterbury; to Highbury, at Birmingham, to look up Mr. Chamber lain, arid so on. There were geographical difficulties in the way, but my experience in journalism had taught me the value of telepathy-in the matter of inteiviews of this kind. And then I had my wizard THIS "WIZARD MATERIALIZES HIMHKLF. friend who lias befriended me so often be fore. True, he had little time to spare, I knew, for in the garb of the Angel of Peace he was flying to and fro from St. Peters burg to The Hague, from Paris to Perlin, from London to Washington, from Vienna to Constantinople, breathing fiery mes-aiged of war against war, a mill La'., t missionary of the Millenium. Put when I had last seen him he had given me a rotary of re membrance, and had- told me that if ever I wanted ih.is assistance I must rub a par ticular one of his beads and he would ap pear, as the genii did when Aladdin rub bed his magic lamp. 80, when the time cume for me to do my work l.ahut myself in my library, took out ithe rosary from a secret drawer in an old bureau, and gently rubbed the mystic . bead. As I did so 1 felt A pleasant drowsi ness stealing over my senses, and it seemed to me tliat the wreaths of smoke curling and waving up from my cigarette were gradually materializing into the semblance of a human form. I am not, as a rule, a believer -in materialization, unknown di mensions,'of psychic mysteries, but certain ly.at Wa.s a material form which, hi a few minutes, stood before me in the familiar and friendly figure of the wizard. He was a little older and greyer than when I had last seem him, but there could he no mis taking the philanthropic ferocity of those piercing eyes. "What do you want?" he .asked me. "Look sharp! I've little time to spare to- day. I've got to see the Czar, the Kaiser Wil liam, and Franz Joseph, and the Sultan, and the Ameer of Afghanistan, and. the Grand Llama of Thibet, and the Grand Old Lady of China, and the Emperor of Japan, and a lot of other people this af ternoon." I explained as briefly as I could the na ture of my commission. "Very well," replied the wizard. "Sit down lamd J'll send you off telepatbetically. I haven't time to go round with you, but take the beads with you, and when you I IN HATFTKLD PARK. want to get back to the journalistic dimen sion rub the right one and I'll put you through." "I wish you would tell me ho-w it's dooe," I said. THE BUCK RABBIT AND THE WEASEt,. But the wizard said he rea-lly couldn't stay-to explain, for lie was dreadfully afiuiid the potentates he had mentioned would be' inoieasing itheir armies or their navies, or be getting to fight with each other, if he didn t hurry round. "But it's all a matter of another dimen sion, which unimaginative materialists like you can never understand." And so saying the made some passes be fore my face and disappeared. So did I, too. . At a"ny irate, I disappeared from my room, or my room disappeared from me, J don't know which, and I found myself, on "tho morning of Christmas Kve, walking through Hatfield Park, towards .m Eliza bethan mansion, whose chimneys amd gable.3 could be seen in the distance above the trees. How did I know it was the day before Christmas Day, and that it was Hatfield Park where 1 found myself? That I can not explain, but I suppose the knowledge was due to ithe iintuiUoR of this other di mension which the wizard had referred to. There was no snow on the ground, which, considering the season, struck me as being wrong fioin the literary point of view, although it was in natural accord ance with the modem style of Christmas weather. Indeed, my soul, or my body, or what, ever it was of me, was clad in what, in the ordinary dimension in which I mostly lived and moved and had my befog, would have been considered absolutely inappiopriate cc.i9turric, Ix'ing more suitable to the even LORD Hl'GII CECIL WAS PLAYING ON A IIAR MOMCM, AND SIR RICHARD WEBSTER WAS SINGING AN ANCIKNT CHRISTMAS CAROL. I ing than fche morning. T»ut when one gets I out of the ordinary, everyday, common place dimension, uneonventi-oCTi 1 ities are evidently of no consequence, for it did not j occur *to me for a momenit.tbat my clotbee were olifc of place for a morning call. The park through which I was passing was also somewhat remarkable. I might have fancied myself at Woburn, with fcht Duke of Bedford's menagerie loose, or cut the Zoological Gardens, with all tue ani mals end Dirds at liberty. The strangest looking creatures came out of the woods, or crept out of the undergrowth, some on four legs, some on two, and trotted or ran alongside, watching me curiously out of human face3 which were strangely familiar, Surely I bad seen them all before in my Tudor-street dimension! A tall, graceful giraffe stalked along and gazed mildly at the intruder, and along side hiin were a dignified Brahmin bull and ajiiaughty stag. And there was an ostrich, and A stork, and a penguin; a seal km .waddled along awkwardly,and in the tangle of dead bracken I caught glimpses of a demure, but cunning-looking old buck rab bit lopping along, pursued at a cautious in terval by a wily weasel. Presently I passed from the more open park into a belt of great trees growing close together, and in the shade cast by them I saw innumerable sleeping white owls sitting upon the branches, and each "I MIST BE IJOGICAI/," REPLIED LORD SAUS BUITV. one, as I passed along, woke up and hooted as it peered down with half-opened <>ve.«. Then 1 came to the bouse and passed into the Ml. Whether the front dcor was open or not, I do not know, but at any ra'te. I found myself, without, the trouble of knocking or ringing, inside the house. There wa.s a sound of sacred music and of singing, and looking round, I pa.w in a cor ner of the hall the slim figure of Lord THE 1,01?D CHANCELLOR WAS POLISHIXCi UP Tff{i PLATK. Hugh Cecil, dressed in mediaeval ecoIeM a.<stiea.l garb, sitting at a liaimionium, whilst Sir Richard Webster, in chorister's cos tume, stood by him, singing an ancient Christmas carol. Hearing voioes through a half-opened door, I crossed the liall and found myself an What was, appsmemtly, the dining-room. There were "two figures there whose faced I-recognised at onoe. One "was the Mar quis of Salisbury himself, anil the other was no other than the Lord Chancellor. But they were both disguised as to. dress. Lord Saliefoiny was in EHissaibetihan cos* tume, ruff and all complete, looking -won derfully as if he were one of his own an cestors^ whilst Lord Halsbury was habited in eighteenth century broad-skirted coat, silk-flowered waistcoat, and smells and sil ver-buckled shoes. They wore strangely occupied. The Marquis was dusting an oak table and 'the Lord Chancellor was polish ing up the plate. 1 suppose I was invisible, for they did not express any surprise on my entering the ro<om, «o I waited and listened on the ctonce of hearing some interesting secrets of State. "How are you getting on with the dust ing, Marquis?" Lord Halsbury asked, paus ing a moment as he poliahed up a big silvel tankard. "A disfcresingly uncongenial task," re plied Lord Sahsbuiry. "I wish I had been born three centuries earlier. I did hope when I put on these ancestral clothes *bis morning thait I might for a brief period en joy the pleasant delusion that I was liv jng-rin the sixteenth century instead of in the nineteenth centaury, that I was breath ing an atmosphere untainted by socialism." And ithe Marquis sighed wearily and sadly. The Lord Chancellor heaved a responsive sigh. "I don't want to get back quite so far as the Tudors," he said. "I should have had no chance at Court with Hatton and Rale igh and Leicester. Dancing and poetry are not in my line." "Your costume then?" said the Marquis, enquiringly. "Belonged to an ancestor of mine, Jack Griffard, of Dublin," Lord Halsbury re plied, glancing wdtli a self-satisfied smile at his reflection in a mirror. "Fits me per fectly, and there's a strong family likeness, too." ? "And vet." said the Marquis, with latn other sigh, with all our pride of ancestry, we are doomed, in 'tikis dreadful, realistic end of the nineteenth century, to perform menial work such as these tasks, on which we are engaged, and which arc alien to our nature, and capacity. Dusting the fur niture would under normal conditions of society be the duty of the housemaid, but now ill ait) we are obliged 'to provide seats for the maids, we, the employers, have to do the work whilst they rest and are thankful." "Oh, but really, Marquis, aren't you carrying it a little too far?" said t'lie Lord Chancellor, protcttingly. _ "I must be logical," replied Lord Salis bury, with itlie n.ir of a martyr. I know that the Bill which has brought about the change referred more particularly to shop assistants, but 1 was not aware of it at the moment when I woke up in the House of Lords and found what I imagined to be a domestic revolution staring me dn the face. The vision of the housemaid crossed my mind. I spiid so, and 'having said so, I am compelled to maintain a logical posi tion, and to provide t he _ Hatfield house maids with seats. And this is the result." And Lord Salisbury shook his head mournfully as he flicked his duster round the carved legs of the oak dining-table. "Ah!you're too fond of graceful conces sions, Marquis," said Lord llalsbuiy, with .3. sly twinkle in his rye, and a glance a,t a corner of the dining-room. I followed the direction of his glance, and there I noticed, for the first time, the figure of a tali, slim housemaid, reclining in an easy-chair. She was fast asleep, and her dustpan hung limply from her droop ing hand. It certainly war-* a hnus-emniid, and yet somehow her face reminded me very much of Arthur Balfour. Just at >this moment there was a loud ringing and knocking at the door. Lord Salisbury and Lord Ilal»burv bun icdly put 'away their dusters and cloths, and assumed more dig nified attitudes. "I wonder who it is!" said the Marquis. The question was answered by the ulate ]v butler, who Htruck me as being remark ably like Mr. Chaplin, throwing open the door and announcing "Lord Charles Jtcresford a'.d the Yamen!" There was a, stifled groan from Lord Salisbury as in filed five gentlemen dressed in Chinese nobes, bowing low in Oriental fashion. But although their garb was Eas tern, their faces wore all well known to me. First came Lord Charle.3 Beresford. then the tall figure of Mr. Yerburgh, and after them followed Mr. Pritchnrd Morgan, Mr. Joseph Walton, and Mr. MacdonU. I. should like to have stayed, but T had other places to visit, and an I thought . I was due at the Durdans, [ immediately found myself there. 1'or in this other di mension to which T have referred thought is equivalent *1o act Kin, and questions of time and distance are no:i-exi.-tent. At any rate, that is wnat the experts say, but, it canned quite f ue. for fthen.l rea lized that I was in the dining-room of Lord Kosebery's house, it was after dinner, and Lc.rd I'oscbery and1 Mr. John Morley were sitting together smoking -and talking. I must still have been in an invisible condi tion, for no notice was taken of my prc «c-;ice. and the conversation was unintei' rupted. . "Try this ela.retvit's an 8G wine, sain the host, witVi a humorous twitch ut the comers of his mouth. "Thanks," replied Mr. Morley, pushing bis glass forward; "'86 is my standard for wines. T never taste any vintage before that date." T could not be quite sure, but there was a -twinkle in his eye as lie spoke. "To-morrow morning," Lord Roscbcry remarked, "we'll gp round the stables of fer breakfast, if you'd care' to see the hoi^es." "TRY THIS cr.IFTBT: IT'S AN '83 wrvn."sAiD T;IE U:>3T. SIR IL CAMI'BELL-BANNERMAN WAKING Silt W. HARCOURT. ''Delighted!" was the reply; "but is £8 quite safe witOi fthat dark 'horse" "In the loose box?" "Just so," and Mr. Morley looked 8, little anxious. "My dear John.' Morley," said Lord Rosefoery, "you have quite an erroneous idea, about the meaning of the phrase. A dark horse does mot imply a dangerous horse, The word 'dark' simply applies to the knowledge the public have of his capa* bilitks." Then they started an elaborate philolo? gical argument, but it was suddenly inter rupted by the entrance of the butler, who solemnly announced to his master that he was wanted immediately-in the town, for the pump was £ Dozen. "This comes of being on the District Council," exclaimed Lord Ros'ebery; "but one must attend to these municipal du AT?E \0U OOIN'K TO SMOKK FOR I'f'MIO.V TOItY OK C'JiHEMONIAL T'LUrO.SK.SV" tics," and lie offered excuses to his- guest. The end of it was that Mr. John Morlev insisted on accompanying him, and they went out together. I was disiapjiointed at the brevity of my visit, but I had to move on, n'.id .when 1 came to myself again F was away up lin Perthshire, outside Bel mont Castle, Sir Henry Campbell-BanTveT mari's Scottish home. It was a bright, cold Christmas morning, and in the crisp snow Sir Ilcnry was piuncing backwards and forward**, vigorously bi owing a pibroch or something of the sort-, and producing weiird and soul-twisting sounds out of his bag pipes. TflF, BOr.R'S HEAD. A window was opened overhead, arid Sir William Hareourt looked down. "J)o, for goodness <-ake, shut up that horrid" He stopped abruptly as he recognised who the ipipsr was. "It's Celtic nni.-'ie,'' said Sir JTenry, with a sly twinkle in his eye. "Yon ought not to object, for we both belong to the Celtic fringe now." ' Sir William laughed. "You didn't. <tell me your castle was haunted," he remark ed. "There was a. ghost in my room last night." "What was ft like?" enquired'Sir TIenry. "Art Md-fa-hioned-looking Bishop," was the reply. "He Mood Sit , tic foot of my bed azid kept on tfttdtiig his head at me. I did think I Should get away from Bishop® np here.?/ . "OH! It wsus only one «£ tie old Bishops tof Dunkeld," said Sir Hemy. "He castle, stands oa fttte ate o£ an wnciwii tedera aetical buUdingwfieane <tiiey twed to reside. But ooafo 4pm ddcii"-. I b^*xd no more, for the mention o£ Bishops turned my thoughts to Lambeth. -Palaofr-and them I was. The Archbishop of Canterbury was walk ing up and down outside with, ttoe Bishop of London, , and tihey were evidently talk' ing about eocleedaatixJal matters,.far I heard ifehe lai&t;^r mention the word candleGtacfeB., thereupon the Primate emphatically said "Fiddlesticks!" "Do you mind my smoking a cigarette, Archbishop?" 'enquired the Bishop,of Lon don, taking <otit a salver cigarette-case waitih the arms of the See of London beautifully enamelled upon it. "That depends," was the Archbishop's somewib&fc; gruff reply, "Are you. /going to smoke for fumigatary or ceremonial "pur poses?" "Fumigatory," was London's answer. "Well, then, you'll have to stand still," replied Canterbury, wiith. a grim smile, "for if you move about you'll be ceremo nial. Good morning!" and off he stalked. I had an uncomfortable feeling, even in my novel dimension, that I was getting ex tremely .short interviews, for I knew that I muftt see \vfliat Mr. Ckamberlalin -vfoas doing, 60 I mentally precipitated mysedf to Bir mingham. I nad only, just pawed into the ball of Mr. Chamberlain's hou«e when I saw Mr. Jesse Collings emerge from (Hie corner, bearing, wttih grealt care, a huge dish, on which reposed a boar's head. But rs I looked the head gradually changed into that of Oom Paul. At tJiis moment Mr. Chamberlain opened the door of the dining room, and met Mr. Collins face to face. If it had been the bead of Medusa on the dish it could not have produced a. more startling effect. Mr. Chamberlain's eyeglass dropped, and he stared as if petrified by the horrid apparition. ' "It's a Boer's bead!" he gasped out. Mr. Collins tumbled, has hands shook, and down- fell .the dish with a smatih and twi explosion so startling that I was blown riffbt out of my dimension back into my or dinary condition. - Whetherl really did pa«? my OhriritmaH visiting these celebrities I do not know. All 1 can do is to set down my impressions. 