A FIGHT BETWEEN A r,LAQK SNAKE AND A RATTLERS A Kv My friend and I were returning from ,u which liiid curried us far into the busl,°Ur the forests of gum trees una scrub •ir-Mk ^ rilletK ^We wore walking through acw"6 wheti' the1 unmistakable mttW of a arrested us ; and in .1 few minutes we the beginning of a fierce encounter bettv^ two deadly enemies—a black snake and"1 rattle. These two branches of the snal/ family are hereditary and implacable'fu'»r. though what was the origin of "the feud ]v ' win saith not. Between them there can b". lie'ther fellowship, amity, compromise',,/ even armed neutrality. War to the death 'r their unalterable lav.- from generation ^ generation. The black snake is"imich snwllo° than the rattle, but ho is a terrible iornii/ able foe ; and as science is superior to n-,ep size or .strength, he generally conies out of the fray victorious, lie seems to ;i scent t). battle (or rather the rattle) from afar,"' gives himself no rest until he gains a' point of vantage from which he can make a sudden sweep upon the noisy foe. On this occasion we did not see the black snake until h-> leaped on tho rattle's throat, nor co:ild ^ afterwards make out how he had got so near without being seen. That power of .sileti'" stealthy, rapid movement gives the I,l:lcu fellow an immense advantage over the ratting enemy. It is that, indeed, on which his hope of victory mainly depends. Let the l>lac£ by a sudden leap grasp the throat of the un. wary rattle and the chances are he will niwer let go again "until them death do pan-" but if that first chance be lost, and the two meet in fail- fight, after fair warning, the fangs of the rattle are pretty sure to n-;n him the victory. In this instance no such misfortune was the blacky's. He made his spring and got his grip of the throat, anil there he held on "likegrim death." Wi-^ a fury that was sometimes awful, the rattle wriggled'and shook, 'and rolled ami writhed. He leaped into tho air, twisted and tossed himself about, banged his assailant down on the ground, rolled on him and over him : but all in vain. Blacky simply stuck. Xothin" could move him, nothing tempt him. 0f compel him to relax his hold for a single moment. To have done so would have iJen almost certain death'to himself ;but, through all the rearings, leapings, tossings, writh ings and hissings of his victim, on he held with a relentless tenacity that was equal only to his love of his own life and his hate of his foe's. Thus, for more than an hour and a half the life and death game was kept up without a minute's intermission, and without anysiai of weakening on either side. Then we per ceived that the rattle's strength seamed to be giving way ; and all of a sudden he foiled himself up and lay still as if to die. Whether it was from sheer exhaustion or only a tuse to deceive his enemy, a faint or a feint, we were not sure. "We thought it was the former ; but blacky evidently thought other wise. He understood his enemy better than we did and did not mean to be tricked. Down he lay -lay the side of the prostrate victim, but with his teeth firmly set in the now torn and crumpled throat. Then, after a quiet interval the one-sided truce having come to an end! or the ruse having failed, the rattle rose again and resumed the struggle with the energy of desperation—3 supreme struggle for life. Again he reared and rolled and coiled, and darted up and down, forward and backward, carrying his enemy with him in all his contortions, try ing by every conceivable twist to get his fangs into the merciless foe ; but all in vain. Then we began to see in the poor victim re newed signs of failing strength ; but not'.uth standing increased weakness, ho struggled for a time continuously, then intermit* ingly, until, more than two and a halt hour.; after the nrt.t attack the poor rattle gave up the contest and lay down to die. Thi; time it was no ruse. The poor feilow was done for, and within 10 or 15 minutes after the mute surrender he yielded up the ghost. T>,i; even then blacky still stuck and it was not until the corpse began to stiffen that he for the first time withdrew the nails which Ind been driven nearly three hours before into the sure place-—the throat of the unhappy rattle. 