THE SCOURGE OF CANCER. IS IT REALLY INCREASING IN ENGLAND? Within recent years, says the Daily Chronicle, the scourge of cancer is popularly supposed to have increased in this country. That point is the text of a discussion among medical men, which fills the new number of their recognised monthly magazine, " The Practitioner." Dr. Newsholme, the medical officer of health for Brighton, has studied cancer from the actuarial, as well as the medical, standpoint. This is what he says as to the amount of cancer in England and Wales : " In the five years 1891-95 cancer was responsible for an annual registered mortality of 712 and in 1896 of 764, to every million of the population. Cancer causes about 6 per cent, of the total deaths registered among males at ages over 45, and over 7 per cent, of the total deaths registered among females at age 3 over 45. Were the real facts known it would be found that the number of deaths due to cancer is even greater than these figures indicate " / MINERS' IMMUNITY FROM CANCER. Dr. Newsholme, goes into statistics as to the local distribution of cancer and its mortality according to occupation. The theory that excessive nervous strain and anxious work provoke cancer does not? receive support in the fact that the comparative mortality figure for medical men is only 43, while it is as high as 70 for brewers. Chimney sweeps occupy a supremely high position in mortality from cancer. It would appear that the irritating effects of the products of imperfect combustion of coal is much more prone to bring out cancerous activity than the manipulation of crude coal, though coal beavers have a somewhat high proportional amount of cancer. The low cancerous figure for coal miners indicates that they enjoy a comparative immunity from cancer, as well as from phthisis. He asks, " Can it be that we have to look to intemperate habits as being a main factor at work, rather than the particular occupation ?" Next has there been any real increase of cancer mortality? His answer is that it is more apparent than real, being due to more accurate diagnosis and better registration. CANCER DUE TO A PARASITE Mr. Plimmer, pathologist to St. Mary's Hospital, records the results of extensive investigations which he has made reference to cancer. These have led him to the conclusion that cancer is due to a parasite. During the past six years he examined microscopically 1278 cancers. He found parasitic bodies in 1130. The following is remarkable ss-From the last of these cases which have come into my hands I was able to isolate an organism which in certain animals was able to cause death, with the production of tumors in various parts. The cancer from which this organism was isolated was taken from the breast of a woman aged 35. It had a history of only two months' duration, and it was growing rapidly at the time of the operation." CANCER HAUNTED HOUSES. We have all heard of ghost haunted houses ; but surely there is a new terror in the idea of cancer haunted houses. Mr. D'Arcy Power contributes some curious observations as to the predilection of cancer for particular places, and even for certain houses. Here's a case "Miss B., aged 45, lived in a certain house in a suburb of London for 13 years, and died of cancer of the stomach in 1884. Miss T., aged 47, next occupied her bedroom. She had lived in the house for 20 years, and died of cancer of the river in October. 1835. Mrs. J., aged 67, who had lived in the house for eight years, succeeded to the place and to the bedroom successively occupied by Miss B. and by Miss T. -Mrs. J. died of cancer in 1893. Mr. D'Arcy Power cannot help thinking that such cases raise a strong presumption in favour of cancer being an infective disease, to which some are much more susceptible than others. Locality seems to be a predominant factor, and he does not put great stress on a given room or. house, or water supply. How CANCER CAN BE CURED The final question is, What can be done for patients suffering from cancer ? Professor Watson Cheyne takes the view that cancer is at first a local, rather than a constitutional trouble. In that view, if the disease is detected early and operated upon freely, the patient may be cured. The attempt to cure cancer by other means than operation are, he says, invariably futile. What can be done for a patient for whom nothing is possible in the way of actual cure ? In other words, is it worth while living when a cancer is in full possession ? Says Professor Watson Cheyne : " In many cases we can still do much to prolong life, and, what is of much more importance to those patients, to make such period of life as remains to them much more tolerable." That is all. 