bUR "MEEBOTOINE ! LETt ER!. ' ; ; . 7/ - Monday. The ' Budget debate i3- still being strung out. Each member .who has 'risen during the week " had nob ; intended -to speak at all, and would- not /have done so" had not it beenMor certain remarks made by the hon. member f.,r so-and-so."- xnen comes the addendum that the speaker does riot mean to keep the House longer than a few moments." ' After which , we find him' taking- up at leasSdialf : an hour, and leavin" ,iio impression of" 'conclusiveness when7 ; he ' has finished. > /-Mr. -Morrissey had Hie; sympathy/of - the frequenters- of the v galleries " when he/ pointed to the inutility' of: such; a. course. . -Picture to yoiirself the - work/ set a rep >rter _ivho receives-froiri the leader of hiss tuff, Take only, the points of /this' speech, ana - who fiiids niiririte . after minute go by without a " point" /being : made. The recorder in jycase of this sort- passes a silent vote of thanks to Messrs. Forrest, A. L. Tucker, J. B. 7 Tucker, J. A. Isaacs, Austin, i 1. Russell, O'Neill, Murphy and -other. " silent" members of the . House who do moro thinking than talking. Now. and then, it is true,, these gentlemen do rise in their' places) bub not: often enough to he bores; and even then they :aru "up . such a. little while as to occasion no trouble. Other members there are who have fads and take precious -fine care to, air them atevery possible opportunity. , These are the men to. recklessly waste, >tiirie, who. jcause trains- and trams to -Be missed, yet are more often than nob dis- riiissed""with the brief repoifc, " After a few' remarks from Mr. So-and-so.)' The art of cohesive, conclusive speaking- has yet to be acquired by many of -our legis lators, : V-" \- The Budget debate has left the impres sion that the Treasurer's Iucom - Tax proposals in connection with tho Old Age Pensions scheme haven't, a ghost of a chance of being accepted. The opinion - is gaining: strength that tho whole matter will be relegated to that convenient haven of refuge," the Federal Parliament, the establishment of which within the next twelve months is taken quite as a matter of course. It is as well perhaps, that this should be the case, for there seem-; no likelihood of any. unanimity on the question of how the money required to provide the pensions should be obtained. On only one point do hon. members 'con cur, and that is that there must be no fresh taxation. The Labor partydeclares the Treasurer must not dream of lowering the Income Tax exemption; the represen tatives of -the ''wealthy classes" assert that that tax- must be lowered, not. in creased as.-3 is threatened. My own im- prussion'is that the Treasurer never for a moment looked for anything else ; on the contrary, that he anticipated the very opposition that has been offered to bis proposals as a capital chance to shift the responsibility on to someone, else or some other body such as the Federal Parlia ment. It will be ultimately found that the Premier is not such a " mere man of detail " as he has been described. There has been a rumor current during .the last few clays that a change was shortly to be made in our Agent-General ship. Indeed, a prominent politician has been named as the man who was before the close of the present Parliament to -suc- ccect Sir Andrew Clu-ke in London. Tcis surprising how these rumors get afloat, ancl difficult to find any grounds for theiu ; I have in the present instance made closo inquiries in well-informed quarters, but have not yet found anyone who knows .anything of the matter. There are one or two influential journals which are not noted for their scrupulous ness in political matters. One of these has given an illustration of this in the manner it has already opened the Federal campa'go. A day or two since a couple of articles appeired containing a direct, attack on a prominent citizen who has already expressed his intention of offering . himsulf to the Federal electors. 'To any one " not in the know" it would be diffl cult to fiucl a basis for these attacks. The explanation, however, is found in the fact .that another gentleman prominently con nected with the paper, in question also proposes to present himself as a candidate for the same metropolitan group. How these politicians love one another ! An effort, I hear, is to be made to in-, luce Mr. Patrick M'Caugban to offer himself as a candidate. Already very /rich, Mr. M'Caugban is reported to have recently cleared £70,000 in West Aus tralian ventures. He is known, too, to be desirous of entering public life, and re cently contested a seat in the City Coun cil. He was not successful on that oc casion, but still polled a large number of votrs. Thursday (grievance day) in the Assem bly is not as a rule a very lively day. The last Thursday was, however, somewhat of an exception. We were told, for instance, that in the new bill the Minister of Education proposes to intro duce the case of the pupil teachers will be considered. Your teachers will re member that some months ago in this column T voiced the complaints and grievances of these teachers. It has for a long time been evident that some altera tion in the present system is required. The hon. member was right who pointed out t' all weri it not that many of the girl teachers had friends and relations to assist them thev would indeed be in a parlous condition. It will appear to most people that if pupil teachers are re quired in the department they should be at least given a living wage. Otherwise they have no right to be there. The I Government should not as a sweating I agency make the problem of " what are we to do with ' our girls " harder than it at present is. I Once again efforts are being made to start a new evening paper in Melbourne. Not iu opposition to the " Herald" — that I enterprising journal has established far I tjoo strong a hold on the community to be ousted —but because it is thought that, like Sydney, our metropolis should be able to support two evening papers. I qm personally of the same opinion, and believe that if the mistakes of previous efforts of the same kind were avoided, a Second smart evening paper could be made payable in Melbourne. This is one of the directions, too, in which competition never does any harm. , Some time back I mentioned that the committee of a well-known sporting club bad found it necessary to " carpet" one of its iriembers for conduct derogatory to I the interests of the club, and that said member had elected to pay, a heavy fine rather than be expelled. That was some months ago. He has now, however,, issued a Supreme.. Court writ for Hie re covery of the money against the chairman and secretary of the club " as for the whole of' the' members."" Should the ease came ipto court, the- examination and cross- examination of witnesses is certain to elicit evidence that will-he interesting to both the public and the members of similar club'. ; This reminds me that another, action" of a peculiar nature, in which two bank- makers are concerned, will in all likeli- lfood occupy the attention of the law! courts at an early dale. -One of the! pericillers cast such .serious reflections on the character of the "other that the/ a-spersocl one decided to bring the matter befpre / the. /committee" of the . Victori-i Racing . Club and the " Victoria Amateur Turf / Club, - and it : was . onlv: with the greatest difficulty /that he w is restrained from doing so, the condition being that the/ asDorser should forward-' a letter of retraction and apology. " " The s-aedni-l: bookmaker -had in. the meantime made' aCTangements for, the orthodox after-the-' Cup Z trip- to Europe. /. The very ! day. of his/departure he i-eceived a letter from peneiller'No. l demanding the first letter' back/and using fchb most offensive and '"suiting ternis. : There was not time left f?J:uybing el=e but / to'serid: this' letter on to the solicitors of bookmaker : No. 2. The. latter is expected back shortly, and The latest news from South Africa < \- ' sa?5;t%,?g« .m the cond wan between: the ; Transvaal Britain is inevitable. Indeed 7k Griat of . the Uitlander;population 7 ,w! fetyeinly praying that it 1lny This is , a terrible, endorsiuent of fh t' justices under which that populal ' groan under Boer. Goyer, ament n®USt those passengers dells me that' left; South Africa,- Boers and UiB e'a ..were.threatening and insulting „ . fndets t.'ie .'Ufcinosphereyas s.o heavifv £ J with racial hatred and aninioshvr® very httle .sp.u-kavould.be requiL it in a. blaze. Ifc.ig f0lt all throu.d? /Africa that there never can be anvU- find .quietness, till the. supremacv nf oCe "lly . esfo Wislletr Lnhe vaal._ " Verdom'd Englisher" is an pression constantly on Boer. liDS and that be/will have-.to be made Si Ue speedily as possible. W<tUo(v \- There was, by the way, an iUiim,lo,i .little . scene on the arrival of the A?,l\ jlien. When the steamer was off Willin town. the Cuscpms boat, contoE T .health officers, went alongside. When there, they found only the "common n garden sort" of rope ladder let down for mounting. That touched the dimml the health officer, whn riarv,„...i_ i/, f compainon ladder should l,e low!ia his the pilot refused to do on the n£ that it was stowed away. The heal.h of- hcer then ordered the Customs launch jack, and it had almost reached the Wil luunstovrn, jetty before the steamer whist fed. for its return The pilot in The meantime had ordered, " Lot «0 the anchor, an order the captain indignantly countermanded demanding emphatical? r- 'Innohe'the'' the Pilot inte"fled to keep A 4000 ton steamer full 0f passengers out in the stream all night. One of "the .passengers in the launch also had asweet- heart .on. board whom1 he had not seen for :l ,ye,a!"' can readily understand w hat- lie IkkJ to.ssiy oa the subject. Fin-illy an aniinated little scene was ended hy the companion ladder being lowered and the health, officers .reaching the deck of the steamer 1 clothed in full dignity." The pilot, however, is understood0 to be about to take sfceps.to determine who is " boss" >f a vessel under such circumstances. 