OUR NEWS BUDGET, The record for Sydney police court in a single day is 12G cares, which was established this week. Mr J. 51. Davies is a candidate for the Melbourne Province vacancy, created by the death of the Hon. J. Service. Thomas Ryan has been sentenced to death atGoulburn on a charge of having murdered James Harrington near Kiandra. Owing to'an epidemic of whooping cough in the Diggora district, only three' scholars are attending the local State school. On Monday evening Edwin R. Morris, re lieving bank manager at the Colonial Bank, Birregurra, shot himself in the head, and died soon afterwards. At Maldonon Monday Mr 'Walter Bolla son, shire secretary, his brother, and four daughters and one son suffered severely from fish poisoning. All partook of a tin of kipped herrings. James Bennett, of Wahroonga, N.S.W., aged 74, while crossing the railway-line at Honrsby on Monday night,was knocked down by an engine and killed. His body was much mutilated. Pollock, the artilleryman, whoshot comrade Briner at Qneenscliffe, was found guilty of manslaughter at Ballarat and sentenced to ten yearn' imprisonment. K Mr Stewart, formerly a State school teacher near Sandford, and latterly at Nelson, on the Glenelg, was drowned on the 11th inst. while bathing at the latter place. The body has not been recovered. A Chinese cyclist appeared before the Mel bourne bench on Tuesday, charged with having ridden on the wrong side of the road. His excuse was that the wind blew him across the road, and- he could not get A boy named Angus Prickhard, nine years of age, fell off a low brick wall while watch ing a barriers’ race at Creswick, and sustained an • extensive fracture of the skull, from which he died on Saturday morning: The Federal Enabling Bill, providing for another poll on the Commonwealth Bill, has at last been passed by the N. S. Wales Parliament. The voting, however, is not to take place within eight weeks. A boy named Hunt was bitten by a tiger snake at- Pyramid Hill. His brother, who had been instructed in the treatment of snake bite at the Stalesehool, applied remedies, and the lad is now recovering from the effects of the bite. The dead body of an old man named Butler has been found in a bag, at Mansfield. It wag terribly decomposed, and an attempt had been made to burn the dwelling. At present no doubt exists about a murder having been committed. At Pentridge on Saturday a prisoner named Johnson committed suicide by hanging him self in his cell. He was only 21. The prisoner made a rope of a portion of his bed clothes, and fixing one end to a ventilator, formed a noose at the other end, with the aid of a bootlace. John Dwight was fined £5 at Richmond on Wednesday for chaining his mother to a bed. She wanted him to leave the house. The de fence was that the mother misbehaved herself and was in the habit of going out and becom ing intoxicated. At Enroa on Monday evening a lad named Sanderson entered a stable after dark, with out a light, when one of the horses lashed out and kicked him in the face. He sus tained severe wouuds, and had he been an inch closer he would probably have been killed. During the past five or six nights some idiotic individual has been playing the ghost | in certain of the streets of Kyneton. A little I girl got such a fright that, according to the Observer, her nerves became unstrung, and she had to be treated at the hospital next day. . . „ . t( The practice of separating men from their wives and families is, in my opinion, attended with the most baneful results,” said 5Ir Trenwitli, M.L.A., speaking on the subject of a permanent solution of the unemployed problem, and in a scheme which the Labour leader has in his mind he intends to provide against that nraetice. His Holiness Pope Leo XIII. attended a special service in St. Peter’s Cathedral at Home, in celebration of the 21st anniversary of his coronation. Eighty thousand citizens of Home attended the service. The Pope, who is 88 years of age, was carried into the cathedral, and being unable to sit up, pro nounced the benediction whilst in a recum bent position. ... While Sir M'Donald, State school teacher, of Granya, accompanied by his son and daughter, was driving a pair of horses at tached to a buggy from 1'allangatta over the Graoya Gap, one of the horses swerved and fell, with its head and shoulders hanging over the precipice, Mr McDonald and the other occupants of the trap jumped out, and un yoked one horse, when the other in its efforts to free itself, rolled over the edge of the road, dragging the boggy after it, till stopped by a tree about fifty feet below. The horse con tinued to roll to the bottom, about 200 feet, but, strange to say, it sustained but little injury. ___ 