Railway Collision. Sensational Experiences. A 8K1U0US accident occurred on tho i West Wallsend Coal Company's line i on Wednesday night. It appears that j a traiu of about 1)0 coal-laden trucks, and a carriage with six passengers ■left the township, hut when near the 1 Sydney liuo at Coykle .Crock it was found that Iheie wore only twelve trucks with tho eugiui' and passenger j carriage. The driver's first intima- ! tion of tho affair was on looking round to see the twenty-two uncoupled trucks coming down tho , inclino with great forco. He then called out to the passengers, " For God's sake jump !" This they, did witli alacrity, and lauded into a swamp kuee deep. Scarcly had they sprung from tho carriage than the oollisiou took place. The frames of several trucks wore hurled | in the air, aud two trucks were broken beyond repair. Tho damage is esti mated at from £500 to £^S)0. Three of tho passengers wore ladies. Two of them are school teachers, aud oue of them givos au interesting account of ;.tb,« accident, .as follows :-7-" Wo were oruerea to jump, ana I, as usual, wanting to ltuow why and where 1; was goiu^ to laud, was the last to j obey. It. was very davk, aud when I' jumped down the rough cm'-ahkmeut, ! I found myself wi<h my companions j knee deep in a swamp. A geutleman, ! thiuking he was too close to the train —for we were only .a fe.v yards from it—wont further nlield, and was buried iu reeds aud water almost to his head. We did not see the huiuor ous side of the situation at the time, but I have since had a laugh. After the collision, the mau who had found deep water tremulously asked permis sion to come ashore, and he .after wards stood by a lire to dry. A few seconds before the collision wo were in a condition of terrible suspense. The screams of one of my companions saved both our lives ; for my ellort to save her from drowning prevented my losing consciousness. We all ex pected to be killed, and we certainly should have been had the weight of the debris fallen into the water in which we were standing, aud not upon the opposite side of the line. Wet, cold, weak, ati'd looking like ghosts, we had to wait at Cockle Creek till 20 minutes past 9 for^a train to New castle." 1 