As Through Fire. CHAPTER XX. Pamela herself was as unhappy as the ?' rest. To make matters woise, she was in a most painful predicament. At Grot's . suggestion she bad removed from the hole] to some rooms found for her by him in a 'respectably if unfashionable quarter in London. She was living with a widow £«t*w»j nu« uau ubvu wuij* twu gmu \\\J LJdvtr * boarder to help to add to her own small pittance. Part of her house was let to lodgers ; but it was arranged that Pamela Bhouid live with her. It was one of the .many pre amioas Geof took for her com - fort and protection. Pamela was forced to acknowledge this ; but it did not lessen her pride or coldness towards him. He had asked her to accept a further loin of money; but she had refused. W/iat he had ttlreedy given her would be sufficient till she found work to do. She set about the task immediately ; but three weeks went by, and the was rtill without any occupation. She bad bad no idea of the difficulties that would beset her. Her youth, her beauty, her apparent friendlesBnesB and total inexperience, ?were all against her. She became willing at last to undertake anything, .provided the work was respectable. But even in in ferior positions there were greet difficulties to surmount, and the pay offered was so 'small that it would not have been sufficient to cover half ber weekly expenses at Mrs. O'Brien's. At the end of three weeks she found that she had exhausted the contents of the purse Geof had given ber ; it had not con tained a large sum — he had eiven her all that be bad about him at the time. What she was to do she did not know. She had received no answer from her father, and probably would not for weeks. In the meantime Geof never came near her. At first Bhe had been glad ; but at the end of the tbree weeks she began, in her dismay, anxiety, despair, to feel something very much like resentment. As Bhe looked at Mr. O'Brien, with her faded gentility, her shabby gown, her face lined with care from efiorts to make both ends meet, she felt that sha was a heartless adventuress robbing the widow. Every mouthful she ate after her last money was spent to pay her weekly bill nearly choked her. All the following week she went out early and wandered about nearly all day, rather than eat the dinner for which, unless she got work, she would be unable to pay. Every evening she returned faint from latigue and want of food, longing with all the appetite of a healthy girl for a good meal, and forcing herself to take only a little tea and bread-and- butter. To make her task harder, Mrs. O'Brien began to be alarmed at her small appetite, and pressed little delicacies upon her, which Pamela heroically refused. She felt that the less she ate the less Mrs, O'Brien would be out of pocket if she were unable to pay her. She did tell ber of her empty purse ; she determined to wait another week, and, if at the end of that time she had found nothing to do, Bhe would tell her that she was unable to pay the? past week's account, and then leave the house. But whither to go? Pamela gtew faint at the very thought. At the end of a week this system of star vation, coupled with anxiety and tramping about had brought her to the verge of a severe illness. She looked like the ghost of herself one afternoon as she walked wearily'along^the streets— in her debpair she had ventured once more into the fashionable quarters, which hitherto she bad always avoided. But hunger and fear will humble the greatest j and Pamela felt on tbat,day as if she would have ac cepted a meal from Geof Martin himself without even hinting at paying for it. She almost began to long to see one of ber old friends, the sight of whom she bad hitherto shunned. Some friendly face, some kindly greeting, -would have been as a God-send to her in-her present lonliness and distress. Great was her delight then when a victoria the approach of which she had been far too listless and miserable to notice suddenly drewup, and Tessa, looking pale and tbin, but with eyes dancing with pleasure and excitement, sprang out and caught her by the bands. ? Ob, Pamela, what have you been do- 1 ing with yourself ? Why have you never answered my letters ?' ' I^ave never received any. I have left my aunt.' ' Left-Mrs. Mauleverer I Why ? I have heard nothing; I have been ill. Have you heard about father ?' The tears sprang to tier eyes. 'I cannot be talking of it here !' : She drew Pamela towards the victoria and.was introducing her to a lady seated in it before Pamela had time to re monstrate. The lady was a cousin of Lord Crofton, and TeBBB was staying with her for a time. Miss Ossmond was a sweet-tempered old maid who was never so happy as when she had young and pretty young girls about her.' She bad. heard of Pamela as one of j the beauties of the season, though she had never met her, as she led a rather secluded life. She was very pleased to make ber acquaintance ; and a few moments later, I overpowered by kindly entreaties, Pamela was being driven away to Miss Osmond's I house. The girl leaned back on the comfortable cushions with a faint sigh of contentment. I She could not help it ; she scarcely knew I till that moment how accustomed she had grown to luxury and ease. After the past three weeks of weary walking to and fro, I or driving about in crowded omnibuses, the comfort of this carriage was indescrib- 1 able. I xoey soon rescue J Miss Osmonds house. It was email but exquisitely fur nished. Tea awaited them, in a dainty drawingroom ; and, there, sitting together on a couch, Pamela and Tessa chatted away, Miss Osmond sitting by listening with a kindly smiling face. Before Pamela even sipped her tea, she told them her story. Tessa heard it with the utmost amazement; her next feeling was one of delight that Pamela's husband was Geof But something in Pamela's face checked hrr expression of jcy. She felt a sudden chill of disappointment; Pamela coulii not love him if she looked like that. While she sat sorry and dismayed, iMiss Osmond rose, and, coming over to them, stooped and kissed Pamela. The kiss melted the hardness lhat|always stole over the girl when she spoke of her luckless marriage, and the next moment she was' crying about it, ber head resting on tbn bosom of the tender-hearted' little lady, who had loved once herself and could understand whatit was to Pamela to be bound to a man whom she did not love. But her eyes looked a little grave too ; still she did not utter the thought which had brought the gravity into them. She felt that it was not the time to do so ; she spoke only words of comfort, waiting till she should know the girl better. Then she insisted upon their having tea. The meal was so refreshing that by the time it was over Pamela felt brave and cheerful enough to face the world again. But, as the two girls sat talking, Miss Os mond was thinking over a plan of ber own, and, when Pamela rose soon after six to depart, she mentioned it. It was to the efiect that Pamela should stay there till she found some suitable employment ; for Miss Osmond saw that the girl would never consent to a life of dependence on a stranger. After some argument and much persuasion, Pamela yielded. She felt that she was no longer justified in staying with Mrs. O'Brien if she could not pay for her board. With Miss Oamond too she would have more chance of finding an engage ment ; for Miss Osmond was inretested in numerous societies, and strongly supported all those connected with the employment of women. She drove \vith Pamela to Mrs. O'Bnen's, made all the neceesary arrange ments for her leaving, and than brought her back to her house. The nextdav Pamela ronsfir fnrnnthlna A reaction bad set in, and though she rose in the morning with an energetic resolve to continue at once ber search for employ she had to return ignominiously to her bed with the most racking headache she bad ever had in her life. All the morning she could not stir, and Miss Osmond and Tessa waited on her with the tenderest care. -;She was so much better after luncheon thatshe was able to come downstairs j and there at last Miss Osmond and Tessa [eft her comfortably reclining on the couch in the morning-room, while they drove out on Bomemissioo concerning Donald Crof ton's approaching, trial. With the sweet perfume of flowers about her and while listening to the crackling of the fire Pamela fell asleep. I She wbs suddenly awakened by feeling the pressure of someone's' lips on her: hand. Swift and light as the kiaswaB.tt I thrilled her, and with a frightened cry she [started up. Donald Crofton was iBtanding by her. I iThe cry, the look of alarm and shame, .in I Ihereyes, pierced his heart. He. felt like,! ianunchivalraus knight guilty of. an act of I Idi6courtesy to his'lady -I .' I. did not.mean to wake you,' he said ; I I' I don't know what possessed me I . 1 1 jwas amazed at finding you here. II jwanted to; see my cousi'd, and came, in I |here to wait and ? .' . I ; ? you have not heard that Tam staying here for a. few days ?' she asked hurriedly, answering ;he wondering look that still lingered ou his face,-1 1 cam o yesterday.' Then Bhe told birri how she bad met Miss Osmond and Te;s She said nothing Df her previous experiences j but he was knocks d to ste*liow ill she looked, and j guessed how she must have suffered since leaving her . aunt's - house. * His face darkened. - 'Mrs. Mauleverer should , be ashamed 'Ob, please doD'il I disappointed her so— I deceived her so shamefully I I Bee it now.' ??,.?'?? 'And you have been: living, alone since?' ?Mhe question was forced from him by ibe anger in hip. heart.- ' I 'Yes.' tter face crimsoned. I He turned away, drawing a hard breath. I What could ii mni.tcr to him. if.she ;had I acctpied the protection of the. home I which it was Geot's right to give ? Bnt I ui-r own rroitmes were nothing to her in tho presence of hi?. ' Itiis dreadful that you should be suf. fering from the feccusation brought against you I ? she exclaimed. ' Yes '— wearily, « It is hard that one's youthful beliefs shold turn into scorpions to rend one,' he. added wilb a bitter laugb; , ' for— you a ay find it hard to believe— I was once foolish enough to trust implicitly in Mr. Jerry Frost.1 ?v To be, continued. j 