SILAS REDFERN'S DIS APPEARANCE. The myetarlou* disappearance of old Silai Redfern wm a eerious ftinttrr for Mamie, She bat] been too loving ft nieoe and too unsopUisti* cated a mlrl to Indulge Iu Any fordid spmila* Mont as to when hfrr unole's money wan likely to Iwcome bore. She believed that all lie left behind blm would be hers some day, an in the ordiuary course of uature be ought to di?- many y«*ar* before ihe did . Though hu wan the most notorious old skin-fliut in that part of tbe oouniry, ue win uer uncie ana roe amy living relative she bad, Bo Mamie felt it to be her duty to love biro nnd tried her utmost tn do ho, and to a degree she succeedcd. But as for money, aud bin money especially, tt interested her About as much as tbe price of slatea or steel rails anywhere on tbe Pacific alope. Indeed* it was not until her uucle bad dis apptnred that the word ' money ' came to have any real significance to Mamie Redfern. It was when she found herself alone in Firdale Hall, with a maid looking to her for every thing, and B»rt Frusber, tbe single labourer her uncle had kept about the place, wanting eleven shillings as a full week's wages lawfully; due to him,, that Mamie awakened. She *ponitively had not a shilling, She never bad bad money. Living there at the old Hall, the never bad wanted any. Ail things that were needful for her, her uncle had provided. They had come in proper coarse, and Mamie had grown up in that strong faith of childhood whioh disposes of all difficulties of ways and meaos with the confident affirmation 41 Father will pay,' or ?? Uncle will pay.' Mamie re* mefflhered when her affirmation had takfen the first form, but for seven years past it bad taken the last. She had lived with her unele for seven yfcars. And now that he had gone, ahe was mistress ot Firdale, and poorer than her maid, who bad received a month's wages three weeks before. Her uncle had disappeared without leaving any olue as to his whereabouts. Mamie had been spendiug the day with Lena Belfield at Whitethorn Lodge below tbe village. Fordyce, her maid, had gone out towards tbe close of tbe afternoon to mala some purchases. When she leFt, her master, Silas Redfern, waB walk ing up and down the path which led from the back of tbe Hull to tha road, apparently absorbed in some matter of importance. But it was no ordinary a circumstance (or him to walkabout tbe Hall and grounds with that pre-occupied air, that Fordyce thought notbiug ot it, but went on her way towards the village. That was the last that was seen of Silas Red feru alive. Every effort to discover him, living or dead, had hitherto failed. It was now five months since be had disappeared. There was no evi dence* of his death, and there was no teason to suppose that be had made away with himself. And what deepened the mystery surrounding bis disappearance was that no will or papers beariug upon the Firdale Hall estate could be found. Every room and box and drawer was sansucked, but no paper of legal value was dis* covered. Mamie kuew that be bad had pack ages of documents. He bad been in the habit of spending hours with 'them in a little room which opened ioto his bedroom on the first floor. There were three large truuks and a writing desk in this room, and Mamie was under the impression that her uncle had kept the innnftrn in th« trimlra. Rut. wliftn thnr tn ok - ramined they were found to contain rub- 1 bi»b. warn-out clothing, and old bed coverings | fwbich were dropping to pieces from old age. There was not a vestige of paper or parchment ko any ot them. i Not only had Silas Redfern disappeared, ! but his papers had disappeared, too. ' Everyone believed that be was dead, but all dLForts to disoover his body had proved fruitless. Under the closo scrutiny to which Fordyce' was subjected, the girl was seized with aa ungovern able terror The ideas of death, of murder, of pnknowu horrors filled her with dread. She became hysterical, and refused to stay another plight iu Firdale Hall. Her fear was contagious. Mamie quickly -caught it, and was consumed |-y a sease of indescribable horrors. She, too, deelared that she could not remain longer at the Hall. It seemed to be hauuted by a legion of evil spirits whiob pervaded its very almos jpheie. So Thomas Belfield, Lena Belfield'a jrat her, look pity on her, and look Mamie her »-eif to Whitethorn Lodge to spend a few weeks j-vith Leua, and to see what Time would reveal. Though a* perfict inuocent as regards money matters and the affairs of business life, Mamie I ted fern was one of tbe most popular girls for miles round. She was sixteen, as vivacious as a ppriDg breeze, and the mischievous member of the Firdale tennis club. There were, at least, three fellows of the club who had designs ou Mamie, but the only one ?who found her &t; all rasnonsive wm VCnltar Marston, the son of a rusticating iron merchant. As soon aa Walter- began to pay serious attention to her, it was patent to everyone that be was the first and only favourite. The other two suitors Accord ingly stood off like honourable men, and left Mamie to Walter. Atid from that time tbe village looked upon her *s properly appropri ated. Those who wero intimate with Walter Marston congratulated him upon his good for tune in having -eeoured Mamie. Those who were not intimate with him envied him aud said that some people were 41 always iu luck's way,' No one was more ooncemed over Silas Red fern's disappearance than Walter Marston. It caused him many a sleepless night,and the pri vate inquiries he instituted cost him a con siderable amount of money. He saw the awk ward position in whioh tbe disappearance of Mamie's uncle and the family papers had left her. He determined, therefore, that no trouble or expense he coold oommaad should be spared in the effort to dear up the pystery. Walter aud I had long been fast friends. Our tastes were alike, and as 'our bouses were not frir apart we were frequently found at each other'p abode. Besides, there was an attraction \- for me at The Rowans, the home of the Mars* tons, whiob would have accounted for my fre quent presence there ha. I Walter breuiri the Antipodes. He bad a very engaging sister, whose jiame was Alice, and by common gossip Alice Marston and - I were to ^be united in holy matrimony. ' Be the truth of that 1 what it' might, I coufess to having' been with Alice Marstoo in the conservatory at The Rowans one lovely eveuing iu July. She bad taken me in to look at a vine whioh, under her attention, bad be come one of the flooBt in the diatnot. I had properly admired the delicate plant, and paid Alice every permissible compliment for bringing it intn such a remarkably healthy aud prolific state, when our conversation turned upon Mamie Redf--rn and tbe disappearance of her uncle, 1 noticed that Alice laid down the light pair of shears she bad taken up, and that she sud denly stood still, looking very grave. *' What's the matter, Alice ?' j said, startUd by thu change whioh had come over her* ' Clem 1 Do you know what I think about it P*' She spoke very deliberately, ' What, Alice P' X was all attention. ' 1 believe that Mr. liedfern is somewhere in that house. If he had made away with himself outside, t hey would have found him. He's iu the huuse. 1 feel sure of it.' ' What makes you think so, Alice P' 41 l'*e thought so for a mouth now. One night last week I wm dreaming abaut Mamie and the Hall. 1 dreamt that 1 *aw Mr. Bedfern ' come twice to the window of the little room at i Ihe south corner. He bockoutd to me and then pointed with his right hand.' 'tinted 1 How P Whet* P* 1 gasped, *? Toward* the other side ; towards the mid* dlo ol the house over the front entrance. I saw him as plainly as I nhc. you. Pin sure he is somcwLere in there. U iv you go in and set, Clem P' ?* Dare I P Aye, a hundred times. But the place has beeu ransacked very neatly that,' I said, excited by what ahe had told me. 1 turned the matter over in my mind, and re* called every circumstance whioh had come to light bearing upon Mr. Redferu's movements up to tbe time of bis disappearance. The more I thought over ft the more strange ft seemed to me that, it dead, bis body should not have ' been louud. There w?.s no deep water any where within three miles of Firdale Hall. There were five pits which served an watering places for cattle, aad these had all been care* fully dragged. Tbe police were satisfied that Mr. Redferu's body was not in auy of them. So that everything pointed to him being above ground either alive or dead ; yet up to that time there had uot been a single clue discovered as to his whereabouts. The more I thought of it, the more reasonable did Alice's supposition become that the miss ing man waa still in his own house. I deter mined that 1 would tell Walter MarBton what his sister had said and ask him to join me in a thorough Exploration of Firdale Hall. 44 By jove ! leok at that now t Tbe very same thought has been haunting my mind for a fort* night paBt,' Walter explained, when 1 told him of Alice's suspicion. Bo he fell in eagerly with my proposal to explore the Hall, and we arranged to do so on the following morning. Firdale Hall was a plain, substantially-built place standing in its own grounds, about 200 yards from a road which led into the main road a Utile to the south of Firdale village. A row of trees shielded tbe upper part of the Hall from obnervation,and left its only architectural feature in view from the road. This was a pillared portico before the front entrance* which served to relieve tbe monotony of tbe plain red brick front. Exoept for the singing of tbe birds, the place was aa still as the grave when Walter and 1 walked up to tbe front door. We had quite five minutas* fumble each before we could get the rasty key properly into the lock, as tbe j front door bad not been opcued for nearly three i months. Old Mrs. Corkhill, who spent two i days each week in tbe house dusting and attend* I ing to tbe furniture, used a small side door to enttr and leave. We, however, decided that we would enter by tbe front, as we thought tbe place would be all tbe sweeter to ourselves if we Bet the large front door wide open to admit tbe air. * Hew still everything was ! Not aB much as tbe scratching of a mouse could be heard as we stood ia the first room on the ground floor. For a moment we remained perfectly motionless, paying a kiad of involuntary deference to tbe place which had beeu the home of Mamie Red fern, The old pictures upon the walls were too faded fortheirsubjectstobe distinguishable, i for Silas Redfern would aa soon have thought ol 1 giving his life as of speuding money upou fur bishing up what he regarded as useless incum brances. He bad not placed them there, but many atimebehad bemoaned the folly of those who had squandered good money over doing so. We went through the house from ground floor to roaf. tivery room we could find was care fully examined, and every box or article of furni ture which could have contained as much as the body of a child was subjected to a scrutiny so thorough that we would have risked our lives udod itu cumnlutMnesfi. There was one thing which had sent a chill through me the moment we reaohed tke top ol the stairs leading to the first floor. I had de tected a peculiar odour which my mind im mediately associated with the body of Silas Redfern. Walter did not notice it, so I put it down to fanoy. Our search was fruitless. 1 proposed that we should go outside again and take auother good look at tbe house. Walter readily assented, so we went to the hall and then out by the front door, whioh we bad left open. We stood back on the grass beyond the gravel walk to obtain a better view of the frontago. *' Alice said that in her dream he came twice to that window, and pointed to tbe middle of tne house over tbe front entrance,' I remarked, as we stood vainly looking for some clue. 4? That wculd' mean somewhere about the stairs,' Walter answered, knitting his brows as if thinking hard, ' Tbe stairs, eh ! There might be something in that. Let us go and have another look round,' I said, a vague, uneasy feeling coming over me. We weut from bottom to top of the house, and examined every landing, with the same result as before. ' Well, we may give it up as a bad job,' said Walter, as we slowly came down on to tbe first floor landing, 1 had just stepped on to the landing, and turned to go along to tbe first flight of stairs. I was on the point of assenting to Walter's re mark, when my eye caught sight of* something which aroused my curiosity. It had never ! struck me before, and Walter had evidently not | yet noticed that between the wall and the stairs we had just come down and the nearest wall of the rcotn which stood next to tbe stairs on that side, there was a short length of wall measuring about four feet and forming the side of tbe landing. It oocurred to me that I bad never seen any thing in the room ou either side of the stairs corresponding with the short &all;, nor yet with the width of the stairs themselves. 1 should have expected to find a deep closet or a small room under the stairs, but i could not recall having seen a trace of either. ' 4* Here ; oome back ! There's something I'm not satisfied about,' I said, turning back to the room beyond tbe stairs. I examined the wall closely. It had an old paper on whioh was un broken. Thf»re was no indication of any room or reoers running under the stairs on that side. . I went back along the landing into tbe room ontnuotner aiue ui tu« stairs, it, too, was, papered. I ran my hand over the side nearest the stairs, but found nothing to excite sus picion. The paper was intact, and the wall seemed firm enough when tapped by my knuokle. ' What on earth are you after P' Walter asked. He bad looked on blankly while I njissed my hand over tbe paper of tbe wall. ' See,' I said. ' From the far side of the atairs to thin wall is about seven feet/ The wall runs that way about twelve feet. What's in between tbe two walls P' ? ' The stairs,'* he answered, simply. ' Nonsense 1 They don't take up a third of it. There's space. They don't build tw^re by-seven of solid bricka. I want to know wfflR's in there,' I said, excitedly. We went backwards and forwards from one room to the other, but no trace of an aperture oould we fiod or any mirk which woold indioate a possible opening. Here was a mystery, but one I was determined (o solve If 1 had to bring in workmen to break through the wall. We went up the stairs and along the upper landing, but still there was no trace peroeptlble of any opening I was more than ever con vinced, though, that uoder And beyond these stairs lay enough space to form a smallohamber, and I meant to get into it somehow. I was on the point of leaving the place with the Intention of bridging back a brloklayert when an idea ooourrod to me. Qotng to the top of the stairs, I came slowly down back ward*, graaplng each stM) as 1 came, and trying to rata* or dislodge it, Nat a atep moved. 1 got to the bottom and grasped the edge of tho lowest step. 1 waa exasperated at tbe failure of my lant scheme, and gave a vitidio* tive tug at the woodwork, To my consterna tion, half of the flight of stairs sperund to dis appear, and 1 fell forward into a yawning cavity where an instant liefore the sbaira had beeu. Walter saw me fall and heard my shout, aud tried to drag me back, but the momentum 1 had attained through the jctk I had given at the step carried me away from him Before he could make a seeoud grab at me 1 bad struck a Uoor, but, beyond the feeling of tte sharp con cussion. I was unhurt. 1 rose uuicklv to my I feet and looked before me. 1 was in a narrow and dimly-ligbted room. Looking round 1 saw that the stairway was still open, and that the lower half of Ihfe stairs waa somehow suspended upwards. ' Oome in ; there's a good floor ; we shall find something here,' 1 said to Walter. Ho stooped and came in to where I stood. Then we slowly advanoei towards the end of the obamber. We bad only made three steps forward when we simultaneously stopped and gripped each other. At the eud of tbe chamber stood a huge chest, the massive lid of whioh we could see was raised about three iuches. In front of the chest, kneeling by it, waB a human form, its bead aud shoulders beipg hidden by the heavy lid whioh had . closed down upon them. One elance sufficed to convince ua that the mystery ol Silas Redfern'* disappearauoe was solved. We knew that tbe kneeling form, trapped, aa it were, by the ponderous lid of the chest before us, was the mortal remains of Mamie's uncle. We advanced to the chest and raised the lid. Then we drew back the distorted form, crooked like the letter S and rigid as steel. It fell heavily on to tbe boards with a thud which nearly uonerved us. Tbe cheat was one of the maBsive old fashioned structures of beavy.irou bauds, bolts, and solid oak, suoh as are met with in old country churobes as depositories of parish rolls and registers. It was nearly half fall of documents, and contained three email bags in which were £297 in gold. Everything was clear as we looked at that huge box and then at tbe crooked form before us. The room was the spaco under tbe stairs aud between the other two rooms. The only entrance was that by whioh we had come. To enable it to be used, tbe lower part of the stairs had been made to raise upward, a counterpoise being attached at the upper end beyond the bar wbish served as a pivot for it to fcwing upon. It was this counterpoise which caused tbe steps to remain suspended in tbe air after I had first jerked them up. Such light aa there was in tbe room came down from a little barred window in the back wall of tbe house, whioh we afterwards found wan hidden from outside observation by a skeleton pigeon-cote without a roof being suspended in front of it, but sufficiently far from the glass to allow the light to euter All the deeds of tbe liedfern properties were tound arranged with scrapulous care in the cheat we had discovered. Silas Redfern bad used the chamber as his secret room, and bad evideuily taken the opportunity of Mamie and Fordvcfi beinff awav fri*m the hnuo* fen enter it for the purpose of examining some of the papers or of adding more gold to bis ?tore. Tbe lid had evidently fallen down upon him and stunned him, and be had sunk forward into the chest to be held by tbe oruel grip of the lid until death first, and then we, released him. Mamie was legally entitled to everything. Neither she nor Fordyce bad auy knowledge or suspicion of theexinteuceof tbe secret ohamber, and what we told them about it made it im possible for either of them to live again in Fir dale Hall. In twelve months Walter Marston led Mamie to tbe altar, and then took her to tbe new bouse i half-a-mile below The Rowaus, where Fordyce joined her again, Firdale Hall remaioed untenanted, and i gradually sank into decay. It is uow used as a granary aud for stabling, and tbe simple folk of tbe district aver that at times a figure may be seen at the ruined window at the south corner, and that it in tbe ghost of Silas Redfern. 