HER WEDDING-EVE. ER wedding-eve t ! S§B5g£ Yesi to - morrow j would for ever end j M|||f|§ the old life; but bow glorious sp 3|!i£3,IS peared tbe exifit- | SlsSi® enoenpon which ehe : was. about to enter I fShe had everything to be gratelul lor, nothing to com plain of. I She had no mother ; tat never having known a mother's care, fcer father's, devotion made np lor the loss. She ^glanced around at the confusion of beautiful and costly things filling the room— her bridal trousseau. Surely I am a favourite of fortune,' bHo murmured. And it seemed so as ehe stood there in her evening dress of delicate, gleaming silk — young, lovely, and radiant -with happiness. Ah, yes, Alice Desmond bad been & petted darling of fortune sinoe babyhood, in dulged In every whim, gratified in every desire. j To-night the very height of bliss had been reached — youth, beauty, riches, and lov* What more could she ask ? '* No more I — no more !' she said, aloofl, startling Sarah, the maid, who was busily packing away the dainty upordrobB into travelling trunks. c '.What do yoa «ayT Miss Alice i' *' And Alice smiled and said : *' Am I pretty enough to-night, Saran ?' Laws, Hiss Alice, you always look pretty In pink 1 I expect Mr. Phil will think so ' — with a sly twinkle in her bright eyes. Alice blushed, looking lovelier than ever with that divine glow in her young face. The old house was lull of guests bidden to the marriage, and a subdued flatter of joy fal excitement filled it from drawing-room to kitchen. The fire 4 dinner-bell rang, and the girl quitted the privacy of her room to watch lor her lover's coming ; but he had already arrived, stood at the foot of the Btairs wait ing for her, tall and handsome, his eager blue eyes aflame with love's impatience, his arms outstretched towards her. i The hall was deserted, but had it tosen crowded with watchers Phil Eiugsly would not have heeded them with that lovely vision before him. He mounted a step to mtsei her ; he flung t»j» aims around her, drew her head to his breast, kissing her with fond passion. 'Oh, Pail!' she murmured, blushing deeply, bnt yielding to his arms. « My darling ! tbank Heaven I am with you once more I' he cried, fervently. ' I have been all impatience ev«r since leaving Iiondon.' ' Why, have yon also sometimes had vagne fears lest something should happen?' she ?eked, drawing back, a shade of gravity com* ing over the radiance of her face. ' Only the groundless fears incidental to this uncertain life of oure, dearest. Your presence has put them all to flight.1' ' But what if something nnforseen, tin dreamed of, sbonld part ns yet?' ?' Nothing bat death can part as now, bdoved. To-morrow is our wedding-day. There is no room in my heart for doubt or fear to-night, sweetheart. Come into the drawing-room ; it is deserted, and we may have a few precious moments to ourselves.' And with his hand on hers, his happy, passionate eyes seeking her face, she, too, gave herself up to the blissful present. Dinner was over, and Mr. Desmond and JQngsly were in tbe library, holding a little private conversation. Alice had just left them to join her friends in the drawing room ; but feeling that silence rather than speech fitted her present mood. Bhe made op a. card-party, persuaded some lady to sing, wad leaving a comfortable group around the blazing fire, sbe Etole to the south window, finng up the sash, and leaned ont into ^he crisp September night. How brilliantly the stars sparkled and slowed in tbe fieeVlees skv. and what a sweet. subtle EcenI floated up irom tbe oid g&r;&en;, whose late-blooming roses still held sway. * ''Hist ! Miss Deemond ! Miee Desmond ! Shall an oid woman tell your fortune?' came ; in a low, sibilant whisper ; and a gaunt, ' fierce-eyed, ragged old creature rose up from a eroucbins position nnder the window. The girl started back, a faint cry on her lips. ? ' Who are yon 2'' she inquirea, quickly re covering herself, and speaking somewhat im periously. ' Only a poor, forsaken old vagabond ; bnt X can tell you something, miss, that will drive all that bloom from your face, that light from yonr eyee.' Her strange, burning glance swept over the dainty evening-dress, the soft lacs and glim mering jewels. Her brown, wrinkled face worked convulsively. A bitter execration fell from her withe-red Bps. Envy, rage, hate, fed the lurid fire cf her sunken eyes. Alice Desmond had brave blood in her wins. She did not feel afraid, but she was fascinated. What revelation could this poor creature Slake to harm or frighten her I Pity stirred her heart. She could be generous to the poorest of God's creatures to-nieht. ' I do not care to have my fortune told, but here is some money. Take it and so ?way. Sly father would be displeased were be to find yon here,' she eaid, gently, hold ing out her slim, white hand, with two silver pieoes in its open palm. But the strange eld woman drew back with a low, scornful langb. 'Displeased! Ha, ha! I shouldn't wonder. Yen aro very kind. Ab, yes ; it is easy for yon to play the Lady Bountiful, but I would starve — yes, starve and rot — before I would touch Desmond money. I have come to tell yoa something.' Alice grew serious, impressed, in spite of herself. 'What is it ?' 'A secret, and one that you ought to know. ThiB is yonr wedding-eve ?' 'Yes.' 'A fitting time,' she muttered, with a fiendish chuckle. ' Come out into th6 gar den.' Alice glanced back into the room. The fire burned with a ruddy glow; tbe oooupiots of the low chairs around it were laughing and talking, and at the piano the musically in clined were trying a new song. _ No one had heard a word of that conversa tion at the window. She turned again to the night and to that evil-eyed old woman, who stood watching ocr like a grim f ate. She said briefly ? *% I Tvill come/5 She stepped quickly irom the room, took a inantle from tbe hall-lobby, flung it over ber head, and went out into the darkness of tbe outer world. Her delicate Eilk brushed the dew from the grass on the garden-walk, aud once a rose thorn caught the lace of her sWre ; but on Me went until me came face to face with her atrange visitor. they stood there in the a i »5e garden ; fhe girl, young, fair, and daintily clothed; tho old woman! bent Mid haggard, her poor rags 11 uttering in the crisp frosty breeze, silent— the ons expect ant the other wi-kedly exultant. A»ce BpoKe tirgt, me'.'^CU mQSt be btief ' My eueBtB wiu miM *°uls that they are. I hate Ion!? ivi, ? wiU nct det8in you very Ih/'.a-j V is yoUr mother ? — tell me? ' Dead ; ahc died at my birth ' — -softly ana '? frankly. ' Died, did she I 'Ha, ha 1 Yes, she died J yonr birth, a slow death but a sure one — died to the world, to the pleasures ol life, to ?verything; but they did not pot her in a ; grave, bnt in a — madhouse.' 'How dare yon speak so falsely 1' cried j the girl, her face blanching, & horrid chill j free ring the warm toqng blood in her 1 veins. j ' 'lis true. I know n ; I swear it 1 Go j ask yonr lather. Oh, yes, he has deceived j you all these years for fear the shadow might \- darken yonr life ; bnt the corse is on yoa— yon an doomed. Madness lurks in your j ' blood, works in yonr brain. Oh, yoa are fOODgi and rich, and beautiful, but the poorest beggar in tbe land need not envy yoa. Marry, and sooner or later you will j find yonr home behind the bolts and ban of - j » madhouse.' i Alioe listened in speechless honor. She j ' ao longer doubted the old woman's words, ltd what a cruihed and deadly feeling op- j \- weesed her 1 Gonld it be only a hideous I jwuii f Would she wakepresently in her 1 -sun pretty room, «irroundod by theeosUy , H^nfmnm of fair bridal trousseau ? - : - j gb.«Q*ltO. drWD tin; -- reality J Bother had all that happy past been a dream — a brilliant but swiftly-fading dream. How far away it seemed from her now. and what a bUck gulf of anguish and^ despair lay beforehtr. i , T™™ *' Heaven have mercy upon me,' Bho. whis pered, hoarsely, feeling she had no other refuge now. The old woman olutched her toned, tender wrint in aoruel grasp. ' Do you want to know why I tell you this carefully-guarded secret f It is tny vengeance. \ Long years ago ! had a daughter, yonnjg and lair as you. . Her lover was yonr father's bntler, and on their wedding-day they hunted him down, and Mr. Desmond, ths rioh mer chant, had- him * dragged away to v prison because he had stolen a .paltry Bum of money from him. ' Heaven! she diedinmyartns, for she was but a delioate creature, j and I vowed she shonld be aveng6di Blp^ for blow, life for li:e, is my motto. €o back to yon guests, to yonr lover, and your weeding finery, but remember! ' i - ! And with that last^worff ringing £h|nugh the air, ehe vanished. ^ ; i _ : ; 'Can I erer forget?' moaned the' girl, stumbling np the path like a creature nlind with anguish. ' Ob, father, why did you spare me? Ob, mother, where are you tc night ?' Bhe felt choking, and palled the lace ruth lessly away from her white throat. What a fate, to be raised to the height of human bliss, only to be dashed down into a bottomless pit of despair. All the time one tbonght kept beating through herfcrsin : ? ? ... ' It is my wedding-eve.' A burst of gay . laughter.:, floated ont from thedrawing Tocrn as Bhe stnuibled wearily np tbe steps. It made bar shudder, and yet an hour sgo, even iess than an hour ago,- she had joined in the mirth, the happiest of them all. She Ftole through the hall nntil she came to the library door. There she stopped for a a moment, pale and wan as -some wandering spirit of sorrow. Her father sat in his easy.chair, smoking ; ; while tntking to bica her lover stood lean- ] ing against the mantle. How noble tie looked — bow brave and handsome 1 If he had only raised his eyes and looked on that blanched face, those sad eyes ! Cut, j unconscious of her nearness, unconscious of :- tbe power working against the fruition of hiB ; happiness, he stood there talking and think- j ing of to-morrow. Alice stretched ont her bands, and her lips ; moved in a whispered farewell ; then slowly fhe moved on np the stairs to her own room. | On the threshold she met ber maid. j ' Good heaven b ! Miss Alice, what is the ! matter?' ehe cried, starting back from her ' yonng mistress's changed appearance in ; affright. 'Hushl I am only tired. Do not let me oe disturbed to-night. I intend to retire at onoe.' 'But,' ? ' Please go, Sarah ; I do not need yon.' And she closed and locked the door against even her faithful servant's instruction. The room had been put in perfect order, tbe trunks were paoked, and on a low couch her wedding-dress lay carefally spread out, with wreath and veil spread across it. How the sight mocked ber pain ! With a despairing cry sbe Hung herself down on the floor, and merciful tears saved her from going mad then and there. Never in all her young life had she shed such tor rents of tears, been shaken with suoh deep Bibs; for never before had real sorrow laid its burden upon her, and thia was a thing to crash even the stontest-hearted. At last sberose np, calmer, bat woefully pale and subdued, a girl no longer, bnt a suffering woman. An impulse to go away secretly had come over her. With feverish haste sbe changed her evening dress for a plainer one. put her purse in her bosom, and laid out a hat and cloak. Then she sat down and wrote a short note to her father, a pitiful little mes sage explaining the oanse ol ber flight, and entreating him to tell Phil. That finished, and laid on her dresBing-table, she moved elowly and softly about the room, taking s sorrowful farewell of all the pretty familiar things endeared' to her by a thousand happy associations. Above the mantlepleee hang her lover's ; picture, richly framed, and the most precious ; of all her treasures. She paused before it, \ te&rlcEP;, but with hearing breast, her poor, j passionate heart quivering, almost break- ! ing. j 'Oh, love, love, how can I give you np? i Tet 'tif better that than I should ruin your ' life. Heaven forbid that I should do it! &God-bye;, good-bye. for ever !' and ehe ? turned away, not dsring to look again into | those pictnred eyes, lest her courage should, ; after all, fail. At last she w&a; ready, and opening her door sbe glanced out. The house was all '[ quiet, the hall dark and deserted. She went out, and with noiseless steps ; groped her way down stairs. With shaking j hand she fumbled at the fastenings of the ! front door. She thought ehe beard footsteps ; on the upper floor, and listened in breathless terror. It was only a false alarm, and opening the j door, ehe stepped out, and heard it close | behind her with a chilling shudder. [ Siiut out in the cold and darkness — she, ' Ihe darling of fortune, the glory of her ! f ather'd house, the beloved of Phil Kingsly'e i heart; and yet she faced it with lees shrink- ' io^ than ehe couid have faced pitying friends, a shame-stricken father, a lake-warm lover. Half a do7.-r. hounds bonnded np to meet ? her, barking -:eeply ; but at tbe sound of her ? low, sweet vrice, crouched at her feet with whines of deii^ht. With a soothing word ehe 1 went swiftly down the walk, and so sway ; from her home *nd it was her wedding- : eve. ? ? ? ? The wedding oay dawned clear and bril liant, with a line boar frost lying on leaf and flower. At Desmond's tbe household were astir early, for there were yet many things to be dene before tbe bridal feast was spread. Suddenly a s(range cry rang through the house ; a cry of apprehension ; of alarm — the bride could not be found. Her bed was un touched, her evening dress lay in a crumpled hesr on the flocr, but ehe bad vanished. Mr. Dpfcmo&d;'e ruddy face paled a ltttle, but ha called h only a foolish woman's excitement until h r, read bis daughter's note. Then he staggered back with a fierce cry : '?Oh, Heaven! it is true she has left ! us !' Guerl=? and servants were all gathered ! siT-.uoit him. all eager, all curious, and i l'hil K npgly stood at his elbow, pale and 1 cather stern. . ' What noes it me an t' be demnrdrd. bas been listening to some cruel liei?.' -? You lie yourself, Eoyal Desmond ; I told her only tbe truth,' screamed a shrill voice ; and a haggard old woman poshed ber way through the crovd nntil she stood facing the mister of the house. ' You have for gotten me, probably, bnt I have not forgotten you, K -yal Desmond, nor tbe revenge 1 swore to wtents. on-you for dragging my girl's lover : o 3 to ptison and breaking her heart. Too ; murdered ber I' she cried, wildly; 'bnt I — ! * I was more mercifal to your pretty idol. I ; only told ber the truth about her mother. ? and the fate awaiting her, pampered, spoiled j p;.', that sbe was.1' 1 'Ana you would take vengeancc on an innocent, d-fenceless girl?' said Kingsly, j sternly. Sbe laughed fiendishly. ' A life for a life, yonng sir ; better be thankfol yon have esoaped a mad woman. Ob, it would have wrung your heart to have witnessed her horror, her anguish 1' 'Woman, are you flesh and blood, or demon ?' hoarsely demanded the mersbaut, ' Demon— just what yoa made me. I only hope yon will now fed a pang of what I have Buffered. You may take me, kill me, for what I have done; I have had my revenge — ' ' And a poor revenge It will prove, when I tell you she is my daughter only, by adoption.' TT o tnvnaA In hii lictnninc ffitMlfi. a hauchtv flush mounting to hiB fine laoe. ' My friends, i this woman's insane anger against me makes t it necessary to tell^ou a very painful story, j It has be«n kept a secret from a foolish feat j that it might eload my girl's life — she is my girl, though no 'drop ot ray blood flows in her veins. Yoa know, some.ol yoa, that my wife died in an insane asylum only a few { years ago. 'Her mind began to fail soon . after we were married, and she grew much : worse after her child died. We travelled over { the Continent, and one night . we stopped at a hotel in a little town where an English woman lay dying. She had a lovely little girl, a mere baby, and ibe thought ot leaving it alone in the world distressed her beyond measure. My wife took * Btrange fancy to the little one, and at last we adopted her; .and from that day tothis she has been my girl, my *!?», my treasure ; but would to Heaven I had told her this and spared hex much suffering.' . Hia bead bowed, and In *rery tenderly smoothed oat the sad little note. 'How desperate her ahftmfc and misery mart have tandem^ h*r; tn -3»n't !»« to xm inibe dead of night — sne, bo young, so tenderly sheltered from all the rough winds of human adversity,' be murmured, brokenly. In the deep silence that followed Mr. Des mond's* explanation the old woman crept ont, baffled, crest-fallen, and when tbe servants would bare arrested her, 3ungsly restrained them. . 1 T |l | ' Let her go ; she oftnlllo'nomore mischief.' Then he touched Mr. Dssmond on tbe arm. 41 House yoursell.'Sir. -,W,e must find Alioe.' Yes, we tnust tnd her.B.iih, Phil, where oan she be J my poor gtrl7 my darling I' And Phil set his lips hard together, and turned from the sightof tbe wedding favors lying on the table. Alas for his happiness ! How swiftly, cruelly, it had been destroyed ! Just a week since she had left her father's house, and yet to Alice Desmond, sitting in the sunshine in front of an old house in a suburb ot London, the time had dragged so heavily it seemed an age. . Sbe sat on a stool, her head resting against a small' tree, her hands listlessly folded in her lap. There were dark rings nnder her lovely eyes, and a fixed pallor on her smooth check. An old woman came soltly to the door, looked at her, and shook her head with a deep sigh. Sbe had been the girl'B nur*,e, aud loved her with devotion. What a shock it had been to her to hate her nursling come as she did I She could not attend the wedding, but she sat by her lonely fire thinking ol it one «vening just at dusk, when came a load, hurried knock on the front door, and there on the step stood Alias, pallid as death— a veritable ghost, the fright ened woman at first thought. - ' Oh, Nora, take me in I hide me away from the world, tor my heart is broken 1' she panted, and fell faint and exhausted across the threshold ; and there ehe had been ever Bince— a silent, joyous creature, so un like her old, gey, brilliant self, it wrung tbe woman's heart to look at her. To-day ehe eat on tbe stool in the sun inine.listlees, hopeless. ' Oh, tbat master wonid come I' sighed Old Nora ; and scarcely had the wish found utterance when the cate swung open, and Mr. Desmond and Phil Kingsly entered. Alice turned her head at the soand, and startled up with a cry, only to sink back again on the stool, breathless, almost faint ing. The next moment she was in her ath er's arms. ' Alioe, my girl !— my darring!' he cried, and broke down, hie tears falling on her bent head. ' Oh, father,' Bhe moanea, ' why did you bring him witb you I — I cannot bear it.' And then, mUBtering bis emotions, he told her the story be had told to the wedding guests. 'Had you come to me that night, my child, I would have told you then.' I shall not attempt to tell you how the girl felt. Tbe revulsion from blackest despair to greatest joy made her senses almost reel. At first she listened, pale and bewildered, then Bhe laughed and wept by turns; but the moment of supremest joy was when ber lover's arms clasped her, ber (over's lips pressed hers, and sbe knew she need never Bhrink from him. Suffering bad taught her the nature of happiness. Ttaey were married that day without pomp or show Df any kind, *' for,' said Eingely, ' we will nave no more wedding eves.' 