FARNDALE'S HEIR. CHAPTER VI. "The voice of the sluggard apologises meekly for his laziness, Miss Douglas,' he began ; and then his face changed;' and he gave her : a quick glance of alarm and surprise. '.Why, Joan,' he ex claimed— " Joan——" But Joan, .uncomfortably conscious of the hot wave of color which had swept across her face as she met his eyes, passed him with a hurried 'Please excuse me, Mr. Brune — I want to speak to Guy before, he goes out,' and left him alone. Milly, - entering -the room a moment later, found him standing by the win dow, looking out gloomily across the lawn. 'Oh, am -I the last ? Mr. Brune, don't say you have had breakfast al ready, !' she said .briskly. ' Where is Joan ?*' Standing on tho hall steps talking , to your brother,'' Herman answered curtly. Milly was a little surprised at the tone in which hie spoke ; then she went to the window and looked affectionately at the two young people. Guy was mounted on his brown mare, a spirited pretty creature, who strongly disapproved of the delay in starting, and was arching her, neck and . pawing, the ground impa tiently. Joan stood by his side, with one hand resting on the mare's neck and with her eyes fixed on Guy's pleasant face. She looked pale and anxious, though she forced a smile as she talked to him. Milly smiled complacently as she gazed. They, make a very good looking ; couple, don't they ?" she said. ' Very good-looking indeed!' Her-, man answered, still in the same curt voice ; and then he turned from the window and sauntered across the room. ' May I ring for the coffee, Miss Milly ?' he said; and, at his gentle reminder of her duties as hostess, Milly also left the window and; with a gay apology, rang the bell. Herman was very silent and pre- . occupied during the meal —so much so indeed that Milly, though she was not an exacting person, felt rather indignant;; 'and as soon as it was over,' - she left him and went in search of Joan, only to find her cousin . equally . preoccupied, and apparently as disinclined for her society as Herman had been ' What is the matter with you all this morning ?'' she said petulantly, as soon as Thompson had left the room, "Herman is as sulky as a bear : and you look like a ghost ! Have you quarelled, Joan? " ' Don't talk nonsense, please !' ,Joan looked at her cousin from her little pile of f tradesmen's books, and tapped her pencil, impatiently on the table, I am sure something has happened,'' Milly persisted. ' ' Something will happen,: presently if you don't go away and leave me.to' get on with my work !'' Joan said irri- tably. ' Has Uncle come down yet ?" " Yes — he is in the study.' ' That is well ' — Joan pushed her books aside and got- up — 'I want to speak to him before he goes out.' ' I wish you would ask him to give you . a cheque for Madame Verne's' account,' Milly remarked in a some what disconsolate voice. ' I asked him the. other day, and he nearly snapped my head off. I'm afraid he's growing stingy in his old age ! He never used to make a fuss over the bills as he has done lately.' ? 'Perhaps he has- good, reasons 'for making a fuss." Joan's face softened and her voice trembled - slightly. The sudden change; from generosity to stinginess in Mr. Douglas: which had puzzled her so much was fully explained now. Milly stared at her. " What reasons ? All the farms are let —— I heard Guy .say so yesterday. " What do you mean ? " ' Oh, I can't explain ! But no doubt uncle knows best,' Joan said ; and then she hurriedly left the room and went along the. passage to the study. She had determined to tell Mr. Douglas that she was cognisant of the impending, trouble. They would talk the matter over together and decide what should be done, and whether or not the two persons -most concerned— .Guy and Herman— should be informed. But her resolution faltered as she reached the door of the study; and she stood for a long time with her fingers on the handle before she could screw, up her courage to enter and face the dreaded ordeal. " Uncle, may come in ? I want to speak to you." The Squire ;was sitting;as usual; sur rounded by his books; but with an absent restless look on his face that told of a mind ill at ease. He glanced up impatiently. What do you want? More money I suppose ?" He said querulously. " Joan I must really request you to be more careful in your expenditure. I cannot afford——" ' I know.' Joan went nearer and put her hand gently on his arm. ' Why didn't you tell me ? 'Surely it would have been better for us all !' 'Tell you what ?' Mr. Douglas stared at her. Then, reading the answer in Joan's pitying face, he lowered his eyes with a groan. .'Who told you.? How did you know ?'' 'Mrs. Brune told me last night. " ' Does Herman know ?" " Not yet ; .but I think." — and Joan hesitated; for the. dismay, in her uncle's face almost frightened her — "he will know soon. " ' Well, the sooner the better per- haps ! Mr. Douglas said drearily. ''.How close the room feels ! . Open the window,. Joan. It is very hard,'' he continued presently, when Joan had returned to his side — '' it is. very hard '' after all these years, after the money I have spent in improving and clearing the estate. Why, ? when I first came here, it was not worth half the money I gave for it, and look at it now ! It was my pride to think that I should leave it to Guy perfectly free and unencumbered, and now —— '' ' I suppose that there is no doubt as to the validity of his claim ?' said Joan softly. , '' Not the least. I made sure of that,'' Mr. Douglas answered gloomily. He leaned back in his chair, with a hopeless, expression on his face. How old, he looked!. How care-worn that pleasant, face had grown during the last few weeks ! Joan put her hand .tenderly upon his shoulder. '' Perhaps it may not ho so bad as you fear, uncle. I don't think Herman Brune will be hard to deal with — he is so generous and cares so little for money.' '' He is like other men ; he will want his own,' Mr. Douglas answered im- patiently. '' And like father, like son !'' '' That is ungenerous, uncle James ! I am sure that Herman—— She paused suddenly, for as she spoke, a quick impatient knock came to the door, and Herman himself entered, He was pale, and seemed excited, and there was a set stern expression about his firm month which did not by any means tend to reassure either Joan or her uncle. He looked like a man who knew his rights and was prepared to assert, them. He gave one quick glance at Joan, standing behind her uncle's chair — a glance which sent the hot blushes flaming into her face, so full it was of love and sorrow and a passionate indig nation which puzzled the girl, while it set hot pulses throbbing and made her wonder vaguely what it might mean. . Hastily closing the door behind him, Herman stood by the table, facing Mr. Douglas. '' I have come to ask you, sir,'' he began,-- speaking -in a resolutely quiet voice, ' if the story which I have just heard from my mother is true ?'' '' Quite true !' Joan scarcely recognised her uncle's voice, it was so feeble; so strained and changed from the old cheery accents. Involuntarily she drew nearer to him and clasped her hands round his arm. As she stood there, the door opened, and Mrs. Brune came softly into the room. She had been weeping, Joan saw; and there, was a half- frightened, half-appeal ing look ill the dark eyes, which never glanced at either Joan or Mr. Douglas, but rested with an intense anxiety on her son's face. She had caught the Squire's words as she entered, and she repeated them nervously as she stood by Herman s side. '' Quite true. You hear, Herman ? Mr. Douglas acknowledges that it is true. Now you will believe me ? '' she asked feverishly. Herman had started at the sound of her voice, but he very; gently but de- cisively removed the clinging fingers from his arm and moved a few paces away. '' Believe ? There is no difficulty about that,'' he::said coldly. 'I can believe my father to have been capable of any rascality ! Listen to me, sir !' He drew, himself up to his full height and looked eagerly at Mr. Douglas's haggard face. 'You acknowledge the truth of this story. and by that acknowledgement you admit the justice of any claim I may make.' ''Yes.'' Mr.; Douglas raised his head, and looked intently at Herman. '' Your claim is clear enough.'' '' But if I deny it ? — If I deny that I have any claim or any right,' Herman went on in a clear decided voice — ' If I decline absolutely and irrevocably to take what the law might give but which justice withholds — what then? Why,' he continued, and his face flushed darkly, ' I should be as big a scoundrel as my father if I allowed myself to profit by his rascality and cheated Guy out of his just inheritance !' "Herman, Herman''-— once more Mrs. Brune caught at Herman's arm-— '' it is your right— even ;Mr. Douglas acknow- ledges your claim !" ''A claim that was gained by a false- hood— a right, that was won by a fraud !' Herman answered coldly. " Neither falsehood nor fraud was yours. What are your father's sins to you ?' Herman's face hardened. '' Much, '' he answered sternly, '' since my mother thinks me capable of imitating them; " Well;- sir'.' — and he turned away from his mother and looked at Mr. Douglas—-- ' I don't see any use in pro- longing .this interview. ' I don't know much of your English laws, but I know that there is some way by which the entail can be broken and Guy's succes- sion to the estate ensured. My lawyer and yours can settle it all between them. I will sign any paper and agree to any arrangement which. seems best to them. Until things are settled, as my presence in this house cannot fail to be embarras- sing to every one, I will go up to town.' The sudden relief was almost too .much for Mr. Douglas. Tho strain on .his nerves during the three weeks had been so severe that when the ever impending calamity which he had dreaded so greatly was all at once removed, he felt almost incapable of comprehending the full extent of his obligation to Herman. He tried to stammer out a few incoherent words of gratitude, paused in the middle of a sentence, and looked helplessly .at Joan. All that time she had been standing behind her uncle's chair, a silent but intensely interested in- spectator of the scene. As Mr. Doug- las spoke, she stepped forward, and for the second time Herman raised his eyes and looked; at. her. His face softened, he made a quick movement forward, and his lips moved as if he would have spoken ; then, as his gaze met hers, his purpose changed,,and he drew hack and stood waiting for Mr. Douglas's: next words. I cannot thank you, Herman. Guy and Joan must do that,'' the Squire faltered. " There is no need for any one to thank me; '' Herman ;winced a little at the connect ion between the two names and the thought if what it implied. Farndale is nothing to me ; I care for neither place nor name.'' I have no am bition to be known, as the son of Harry Douglas. I have won a name for myself, and I mean to -keep it " TO BE CONTINUED. 