A MIDSHIPMAN'S ROMANCE CHAPTER XII.— (Continued.) . The men, who .kept about their boat, began to sing. One struck up, and the seven united In a chorus which was futrly managed, con sidering -that most of them were squinting drunk. But then they had eaten heartily, and they had worked hard and perspired freely, and here were reasons perhaps why the liquor had not speedily overcome them. The chorus swept mournfully away on the moan of the damp night .blast; it roused strange murmurs among the wondering gulls. Tlieve was plenty or. starugnt .10 see uy; -ine gulls blackened with a sort of glistening blackness wide tracts of the Island, and know ing, all those shadows to be birds I .'gazed at them" with a new wonder born of . the night. The monke'S seemed to listen to the singing of the men. He squatted beside Belle, whose lap he had twice shot into, but he was heavy, and she tossed him out with a little shriek each time. Why he stuck to us instead of associating with the men I don't know. It might be because I had been the first to notice and to feed him. . " Belle and I, whilst the men- sang, talked oil the wreck, and. the drowned; we recalled Uf« people: their sudden dreadful extinction made them as unreal 'to the memory as the v Islble fabric of wreck was to the- eye. This Is often the effect 011 many minds of the abrupt tragedy". . "Walter," ..said .Belle," "what was In my mind last night, do y'ou think, whllst'you were swimming with me?" "I can't Imagine.'.' . "I was thinking," she sal.d, "how my face showed close to yours in the water in the Bc-uvllle pond." " - "I,- too, thought of - that," said I, looking lit liet face, which was white as ivory in the starshine. "We were supernaturally destined for each other before we were born." "Is this hot like- one of Byron's poems?" salo she, smiling. " 'Conrad and his lady?'. Only she, of course, would be dark, with black eyes and heavy black hair."- - "Byron wouldn't extract much poetry out of these reefs," I ' exclaimed. "How is he to get sentiment out of lan- crabs and ear wigs? I wonder what those men mean to do." » . ; ..... . , . They had ceased to sing. Two or three got into the boat. Once or twice a dark slinpe faltered towards . the cask. - On reflec tion I was willing that they should drink deep. I could ask for no better sentry over . them than the spirit of rum;' J'What, do you think they meanto do? af.kod Belle., ' " ' I- told her that I had not yet formed an opinion. I considered, however, that as they were acting- without reference to us, they might be likely at last to go uway and leave us behind. \ ... . - - . ' "And take the only boat?", she cried. "I will see to that to-morrow,". I answered. "Why should they act towards us with such abominable cruelty. Walter?" she, exclaimed. '"Their stopping me from handling the trunk gave me an idea. They intend to plunder the passengers luggage. I am an officer or the ship If they took me with them they might fear I would report them on my arrival. Now, if this is in their minds they are fools as well as rascals. . Why should T object -to their plundering the luggage? The booty had bet ter he In their pockets than rotting on these 16"Whqt do they expect to find?" she asked. "One 'never knows," I answered, 'Iwhat a passenger hides away in his luggage. A port manteau was washed ashore at the Isle of Wight with five hundred sovereigns in It,' "It will he awful to he without a boat, Wal ter," she exclaimed, in a voice low with fear, and looking slowly round her. "What shall we do?; How ever Bhall we manage to get away? We shall die on these reefs, and no body will know what has. become of us." "I don't Intend that either of us shall d'e on this reef,". I said. "We shall not be without a boat." " , . 1 She evidently did not understand me, Bald nothing. I poured some wine. Into a tin and she drank.' I then-spread the piece of sail cloth Inside the -tent; and my coat made her a pillow. I kissed her, and told her' to' lie down and- sleep well, and that I was by her side with a boat stretcher at hand, ready for any thing drunk or sober that might come along. I stepped out of the tent, but she called af ter me: y . "You will be unsheltered." "Sailors -are used to being unsheltered," t said, with a laugh: ''Lie down. Belle, and sleep as sweetly as you ever slept." I then stepped round to the side of the tent which faced the'boat, and; pulling a , piece of sail from the plenty. that made the wall, sat down upon it, folded my arms, and fixed my eyes' upon the boat and the figures of some men who lay wrapped In white sailcloth near it. . CHAPTER XIII.— THE QUARTER BOAT. I was wearied In Hmb and profoundly moved In spirit, but I was hot sleepy. I was overwhelmed by the spectacle of ocean deso lation; The solitude was made infinite by the far-reaching -Stars, and by the- ismoklng look of the dusk at the horizon, and by the Innu merable murmur of waters ubout the reefs, and by that pallid vision of -wreck which did indeed show In that light like the very ghost of the Glendower. All sorts of strange soundB broke from the birds sleeping about the Island. But the land-crab crawled on the white sand, and his march -was silent, unless a number fell foul, and then you could hear them grinding over one another's backs. There would be no moon till late. I saw no motion in the ipen near the boat, and those In the boat lay still. Though our needs were common, and the distress of every man as great as another's, yet already, extraordinary to relate, our shipwrecked party had formed themselves into two colonies, and each viewed the other with distrust. I quite clearly saw that the men did not mean to include me In any scheme they hud projected, und thus I judged that they looked upon me as an enemy, one to be watched and to be kept off. Human passion is the same, whether in the populous city or on the barren reef. -I have heard of two men who were cast away upon a little Island. They had nobody to speak to but each other. So keen was -the sense of their desperate condition that, like Crusoe, they would wring their, hands in the misery of their hearts, and gaze with the looks of mad men at that braln-svvelllng breast of sea, which swept measureless into the sky all around them, yet was never once broken by a sail. But these two could not agree. They fell Into arguments about eternity, lost their tempers, and decided upon separating. So one man went to live upon the other side of the island, where he was hidden ; from his mate by Intervening hummocks and hilly ranges. Days passed, months passed. A ship hove In sight, drew close, and sent a boat ashore for water. They took aboard the- living skeleton of a man who could scarcely speak. He appeared to have loBt the know ledge of words. When they had hoisted him over the side he was heard to mutter: "There Is another." On which the boat returned to the Island, and the sailors halloed and search- ed, and arriving op the eastern side they found the remains of a man.' lying In rags, with his skull resting upon his skeleton wrist. Such is human nature. The sturs wheeled and flashed, A little air. would come in fitful, dusky moans out of the sea. I peeped Into the tent, and saw that Belle Was asleep. Then squatting afresh I folded my arnis, and dropped off Into an uneasy Coze. I was startled by what I be lieved the sound of thunder or the report of a gun. But I did not need tills to awaken me, for probably, alarmed by the noise, the 1 monkey that had been sleeping by my side sprank upon my knees, and I jumped to my feet In consternation, throwing the alarm!, ng . brute away. - YVhnt could It have been? I stared all round the sea, but sqw not the least wink of lightning; there was not a oloud In the skv. I explored the dusky' surface of the deep with my eyes In search of a ship, but nothing was visible. Whatever the' noise might' have been It had not disturbed the sleepers near the boat and in it, and Belle continued to sleep. I made up my mlnd-to consider that it had been a little shock of earthquake, and then squatted afresh and dozed us before. Some time between five and six, the: dawn broke, and I was then awake, and waiting for It. The flash of- the ,aun, was the reVelatlon of a day of -high splendour and, trpple peace. I looked eagerly round the secC Yrritll my eyes going to the stem of the wreck I ..started. . I understood at once the cause of that'strange midnight noise. .Th'e. wreck.Uad slipped some feet ' oft the rook, 'depressing the.jstern and ' lifting the brass rall''iit 'the break"6f tlie poop above the water-line. . The ..ciib.ln, windows flashed, stars of the sun bufnt ln' the brass- work, the deck was no longer an -abrupt' steep, and I stood for some minuteB gazing thoughtfully at the boats ivhlch continued to hung In the dnvlt'p, (to 11s continued), , 