CRICKET. NEW ZEALAND V. SOUTHED* TASMANIA. TO-DAY'S PLAY. To-day’s play commenced by Rady and MoLeod taking their stand at tbs wiokete. U pham tent down an over to JSsdf, who contented bimarlf with •imply playing it without scoring McLeod took the next over from Fisher, and opened with a short-leg hit for a couple. Eady opened his acoount wjth a cat for two e ft Fisher end a belt to leg for the same number cff Upham. McLeod id .'id while was playing stonewall tactics up to the handle, just the sort of game required for bis tide at tb it stage of the game. At 89 Fra kiib Wa* put on instead of Fisher. This bowler has a medium delivery with a break. H is first over wis carefully patted back (o the field,] Erdy put on tbe wood at every eonoeiv-' able opportunity, but one from Upbam nearly beat him. The next ten minutes saw a spell of slow play, both bowlere beiog dead on. Thirty five minutes after tbp supt the pe&tury; Appeared on tbe register. This circuunt&nce; seeped to revive Eady, who had been treating tbe bowling wi b marked respect, and directly the three figures stood out he paited Frankish for a four and a two, boib finished pretty bits, which gained him an rvation When tbe score stood •t 111, Aeese went t& at tbe lower rad. His second ball Eady drove aij along the carpet for a siugie, apd hi* fourth Uftoledd lounged out at for a like number. DowneB handled (he baff St tbe pavilion end, The change was efficacious, inasmuch as it disposed oi h itched, who bed been exceedingly troublesome to all the trundlers. S — i<? — 116. H*ir*o& paitnered Eady, and scored a single off Abe first ball he received. Hawsoo made : a very nice stroke to tbe off off Downes for a single, and Eady drove the same bowler far a like number, 'the ball being smartly fielded by Baker, whoke quickness eared tear A t 120 EQotberthaoge was deemed desirable, Fisher replacing iiepsp a t the northern wipket, whilst Upbam went ou again a t the upper crease. Haweon prettily cut tfatB trundler for two, aod Rady, who had got (he measure o f Fisher, warmed him to the off for wthree, two. aod a single, wbiob cissed 130 to be signalled on tbe telegraph. T hen came another change in the bowling. Frankish relieving Fisber of the b sl ^ T ris involved a juaiden being eept dpwo to Eady. Downes took a taro at th e pavilion end, and this also was reoorded maiden. The bowlingreoord at tb 'g junetore stood at cine changes for 78 rpns, bgt there was not enough devil in the bowling to effeot a separation. The tenth change iu tbe bowling came by Reese supceeding Dowues. Haweon welcomed it with a nicely pat away /o a r to leg- A little later oo the lad cam e down but on the same bowler for a o ut through the chain* for a quartette. "'Thai boy is playing nicely, in deed/’ said a speotalor; and beyond a doubt he was. Upbam took a third try with tb e bail, but it was all fish tbat came to Rady’s net. He was set; and everyone who understands cricket knows w h at 41 set ” meao*. The youth was batting soundly, and his partner belted away at ererythiog tooieih e field were given plenty of w ork by both batsmen for the next ten minutes, and a judicious mixture of lime juice and soda was sent out to Eady and Haweon to sQcoorage thetn. Two more cbgnges ia the bowling were tried, but still ru n t came, oejthpf tbe yomh or bi« eld er colleague having given the ghost of a chance up to this atage of the game. When Eady had latched 64 bo «eot back what be said was a bump ball to Reese, who was bowling; the trundler held it, and appealed, and W att, the um pire at Reese * end, gave him not oat, b a t tho otbw umpire ruled to the contrary. There was a controversy over the m atter, but Rady had to retire j 4 - 6 4 — 192 The decision gave dissiUsfaotioo but there was no help fo r it, and Charlie bad to walk pavilionwards. Maxwell filled tbe vacancy, epd eoia mei/ced bv bitting Reese for a two and a single, xoa 200 went up. Maxwell went iu for smuing, andtfie result was h e pul up one of Reese's into Mills' binds to the off. 6 -1 0 -2 1 0 . An adjournment, was tbeu mad* to lqoch< After luneb W ard joined Haweon wb celebrated tbe partnership by a fo u r off Reese, Ward felt hi* way with a single off Upbam, who, however, dean bowled bun m hi* next over. C—1 - 216. Davit tbe Brani man, partnered Hawsou, nod started with a single off B ene a n d on* off Upbam. Haweon a t this juncture w n putting in some brilliant play, and aooriog ireeJy off both bowler*. Dari* snicked Upbam for a four in tbe Blips, an d at 230 Fraokish relieved Reese, and Davis aeutbim away to leg for three and belted up for a four through tbe chains. This player soon commenced to sbow b is form aod played-the leg balls particularly well. tiswtOD, after plafiog beautiful cricket, put ooe of Fisher’e up to Upbam. 7 —76—-272. Bingham, the n ext m iot broke his duek wiifi one off Dowues, ana fie and Davuf. hy free orioket, p ut up 300 on the board. One rna later Hiugham was bowled by Upbam. 8 - 1 0 —301. Riebardiou took Bingham’* place. Tbe soorss are 8\. Tasmania. Burn, c Frankish, b Upbam McAllen, *t Boxshall, b Reese... McLeod, b Downes ............. Eady, c and b ReeBU .............. [ Maxwell, c MHIb, b Reeae Ward, b (Iphaiu... .............. ] Haweon, c Upbam, b Fisher ... pnvie, not o u t ......................... Bingham, b Upham ... Richardson, not out ... ... ] Sundries.............. [ Eight wickets for 