Answers to Correspondents. 'Sweet Seventeen ' (JJubbo). — We print your screed, in the hope that some of our politicians will take it to heart just now. JChe fact is though, sweet child, if they don't throw mud they must retire, for they have nothing else to throw : — . Don't throw mud. If you will enter politics In a straight, honest way, Get down the old party shotgun And rush into the fray ; But whatever the temptation, However hot the blood, . . Don't get down into the gutter And go to throwing mud.. Don't throw mud. Your opponent may be blacker ? Than imps from down below — You'll not darken his complexion By all the mud you throw — And if he is somewhat lighter, And you sling mud, why then He'll shino a Arory angel In eyes of other meu, Don't throw mud. The invective and expletive — Aspersion's cloven noof Will rot stamp out the evidence Of argument with proof. The plain truth is more hard hitting, Well masticate this cud, Hot shot and shell and bayonet Wore never made of mud. 'Thomas O,'— From tho utter madness of your interminable socialistic attack on our interview with Mr. George Maiden on the drought we had no other option but to hand your letter over to tho police. We trust there is a vaoant room at Gladesville 'J.F.W.'— Songs on *'* Federation' are moBt deoidedly off. Let us sing about it when we get it, and not before whilst we live in a land that may bo full of seoret enemies. Anyhow, your efl'usion on a modest com putation would do more harm to Federation in five minutes than all tho eloquence of honest Tom Slattery for the same number of hours. And yot you have endeavoured o push the oause. We agree with you in your cry for union, but we can't praise your verses. 'Then clasp your hands Austra lians, wait not till a fooman's ships your noble harbours fill ' is nob a very good argument when psssiiuists say that the bill will deprive Sydney of tucker. We believe in Federation, but not pontiment. Give us arguments and we'll print 'em, but not rhyme. . 'B.F.' (Greenhills).-n you are but 14 years of age the verse is creditable, though inspired no doubt rather by the poets you read than by your own depths of feeling. We cannot print it, but at the same time seeing tho years you have yet to run before you oan be oonsidotod nossessod of full and mature observation and sensibilities it is rather remarkable. . It is not aooompaniod by many mistakes, and you have no reason to bo ashamed of your composition. 'A.O.W.'(Waverley).— Nightfall is not up. So far you do not show muoh imagina tion, and at tho same time you aro a little' halting in metre. These are oardinal sins. But you have the merit of tender feeling and obvious sincerity, so we would not havo you despair. Try again, by all means, and we oxpeot lator on you will give us something well. worthy of print. ' P. J. F. ' :— Some people might oall you an ass ; wo are more oiuol, wo print ono verse s — My hoart is in oomraotion like the stormy, stormy ocean, For my love is false to me, And 1 have an aching feeling to be viciously doalingi1^^';. With that man that's out out me. Oh, I loved her, how I loved, her My words oan never say, And in my deadly sorrow no hope can I now borrow, Against my gloomy day. 'Fairfax')— Tho outting from the, 'Armidalo Ohroniolo ' whioh you ouolosed contains ppasiniiatio views, but alas I too true. It may bo eeoular education — that system whioh almost eliminates religious bollof— -or it may be tho natural trend of a too young country, But it is obvious that some portion of our community aro de generating, We will not ropublish tho enclosure, but at tho same time agree ,jio some extent with tho viows expressed. In many oaBos parents do not realise their responsibilities. ' J'.O.R,'— -If your verso is supposed to doBoribe George .Reid you havo fa'llocw Your voibg dooan't vary at all. ?Whereas George' is of ' mingled'yarn good and. ill alike,' It ia always bad, We quote some to lot our vendors know how bad i— I have no gift of learning, I hover road no books) My soul was novor burning To Bhino at bravo pot-hooks, Despite no aduoation, ( Although under fortune's frown I have oomo to bind a nation And to oast a Fodoml otjowii, My ways at times sooin funny, But my purposes aro good, And I've won Borne fights, my honey, (Though my ground! uovor stood, And my- prlnoiplos aro ohnnging. Blowing hot nnd blowing oold, Until my plans arranging Tolls mo when to .'oomo out bold. ' O.F.' — Your sointillating product to hand and the vast knowledge of ants con tained in your fervid and metrical lines has knocked a hole in the bottom of the waste paper basket. It's dying howl yet lingers in our ears, but already some pale ghosts of the murdered lines walk the floor, Wo submit a sample to our courageous and un superstitious readers:-- , 'Tis the small things that annoy us whun we're triod, And the lonely bushman vory often wishes, Had he the ohoioo of anything desired, , He would keep tho ants from off his food and dishes, .j ' , , - There are many different kinds that live around ; But the ones that are undoubtedly the worst, Are the ones you see on every yard of ground ; A ? ., Blaok, small, and smollful, inseot most aoourB't, They get into the sugar, and thonoe into the ,tea, They prospect in your jam-pot by tho soore, For everyone you slaughter, a dossen more you see, ? Yet you never seem to lessen Naturo's Btoro,' f The 'green head' in email, but still for all that, , Its sting you oan feel for awhile, And if tlio'unfortunato bushman be fat,' Tho swelling won't add to hie stylo, . Other letters aro waiting consideration, Tho adjourned debate, 'That tho Federal Bill, aa amended by tho Premier, is worthy of aoooptanoo by tno people of Now South Walos,' was rosumod in tho Mount Oarmel school-hall on Friday ovoning of last week by tho memborH of . tho Mount Oarmol Dobating Olub. Mr, Hugh Gallagher (vioo prosiclont) took tho chair, «Mr. J, JamioBon resumed tho debate in tho negative, Miossrs, G. M'Oann, J. Gillospio, M, Byrnoa, J, K, Galkghor, O, M'Oormiok, O, MUflvoy and Goo, Gallagher also Bpoko, Mr. Clancy (Premier) having replied tho motion was put to tho mooting and oarriod by a small majority, Tho Premier then announcod that tho intor-olub debate ?with St. Francis' (Hnymarkot) olub had boon poHtporiod from tho 3rd till tho 8th of May, tho aologaton to roproaent Mount Oarmol being Messrs, M'Oann. Gintnan, Joo Gallagher and Olanoy, ThoBiibjoot for tho noxtGovovnmontdobato, whioh is to tako plnuo in tho local hall on Friday, tho 12th May, 1b, ' That tho notion of tho Powora with regard to Samoa wa» barbarous and unjuut.' Tho public -are cordially invited to attond, 