THE BISHOP OF BALLARAT AND THE GHOST. I called one ^Winter's day (writes the Bishop of Ballarat, in the current number of the 'Fireside'), while rector in a large parish of England, at the residence of a merchant — a new and extensive house, ela borately fitted with gas stoves and brac kets and all recent appliances. .Upon being shown into the dining-room, where all the family were assembled, I at once saw that something was wrong. Soon the story was told to me. There was a ghost. It was be lieved a girl had been immured in the basement of the next house, which was ih the course of construction. 'Of course,' I said, 'you have communicated with the po lice--?'- 'Yes, '-was. ther reply, 'and a /por liceman is on duty to try and get at -her. But it is no good?' The servants had all given notice, and nobody knew what .'to do about the ghost. I went down to where, the noise .seemed to., como from, and, after returning, sug gested tfiat I should' be allowed to' control, the family domestics and house for half an hour. Permission was -granted. I. then had a talk with two servants. Afterwards, with the family, I went down; to the cellar while the fearful groans continued. 'A vaunt,' I cried, in a loud voice. 'Ab- racadabra, I charge thee to abate, these, waillngs.' ? ? Slowly the noise died a^vay. 'Aldiborontofchoscophormio !' I shouted again. 'Chrononhotonthologos ! Now raise thy voice as loud as thou canst raise it.' Once more the groans waxed louder and louder, reaching such a- climax that my. companions turned to bolt, 'but a'ltiud peal at the door-bell transfixed them with a sudden terror. Then his Lordship explain ed. The horrible cries were caused by the gas. A small piece of. grit had got in the pipe, and the gas going over this had created the row, which, as the quantity turned on increased, grew in force. The servants had, at my. request, first lowered all the lights, and, when I shouted the se coiid time, turned - all on full, producing the distressing noise. The gasfitter soon removed the obstruction, and nothing more was heard of the ghost. \- ' 