PRESIDENTS' ADDRESS. The president of tbe union, the Rev. N. J. Cocks, M.A., delivered his official address at night in tho Pitt-street Church. I-Ils subject was "Christ in tho Century." They had come so near the end of the century, he said, that tho thought of it was with them naturally whenever tney stood, as thoy did that night, to tako a wide view of the Kingdom of God. There was always a difficulty in picturing a division of time which was entirely artificial. A century was a cycle of time, which began and ended for human thought alone. Probably no other period in the world's history had been marked by such great changes and progress as tho present century. They all knew that there, had been through all those years a great upward movement, and it was well they should know what was behind it. On every side they had heard mon describe the oxtraordluary .significance of tho century, that science, litera ture, political economy, social and religious or ganisation were alone tho glory of the century. Such arguments, though urged with power, brought no lasting conviction with tlicm. There was only ono conception that was adequate. Tho real meaning of the triumph of tho century tvas the triumph of the Holy Ghost. It was not enough to believo In a general development. A great deal of the current teaching about evolution had been unsatisfactory, bringing neither light .from Heaven nor voice of God. In the Sou of God won to bo found the great end of this nnd tho other centuries, and the development of humanity was only to be explained and completed in His life. In considering how tho world had during tho century been prepared for Jesus Christ, Mr. Cocks referred to the religious awakening in Japan. India, China, and Alrle-.i. He was, however, con tent to take tho Anglo-Saxon race ns typical of. the reat. Tho Anglo-Saxons had been declared, by teftcbors like Benjamin Kidd to bo doing a leading work In tlie advancement of the world. The life, social and moral, of the Anglo-Saxon was destined to becomo tlio life of the would. They must, theretoro, recognise their responsibi lities, and Uvo as befitted their great race. Tho most obvious way in which tho progress of tho century could bo realised was by measuring tho Improvements in personal comfort. Along with tho increase of comfort lind gone a wide extension of culture. A third evidence of universal preparation for Christ was tho awakonlng of conscience. The time had gone by when men asked, "Am I my brother's keeper?" and "Who Is my neighbor?" In many respects tho State had already become tlie "inn." anil tlio twopence was being extracted from tho pockets of tho people. The efforts which bad been made to Improve tlio working conditions of moil and women were all expressions of the religious Idea that equal opportunity should be afforded to all men. The very fact of tho awakening of conscience showed that they were under the in fluence of Christ. Looking In a brief way upon tlie life of their time, they could not help reeling that there was more than the promise ot Christ's reign there. Thero was the preparation, there was the beginning of it. Tlielr vision, how- over, of tho working of the Spirit and the ex pression of it in Christ was not yet ended. There was that for them to look upon which oven more nearly concerned them as Christian men . and teachers in what had been accomplished In the name and In tho life of their Lord. It must always seem strange to them tliat tboro could be so little knowledge on tho part of tho world of tho life that amongst and In tbom was rising In tho silent beauty and spiritual strength of love — the very life of Jesus on earth. Even with regard to tho more external side of tho Church, Its extension, and organisation, thero was always an impossibility in presenting a true and adequate view to tho world. When they came themselves to look upon that which had been wrought In Christ throughout tho earth, they found .how great and majestic the truo Church really was. There had been a wide ex tension in the members of tho Church, though the exact number could not bo stated. The gains of the Holy Ghost were as hard to count In tlio Church as In the heart. With the statistical development of tho Church was to bo noted the rise of wonderfully successful and inspiring movements amongst young people. In tho re gion of doctrine it was doubtful to many minds whether any truo advance had been made. Tho. wholo question of doctrlno In Its bearing on tbo life of tho Church was as terrible to tliciu as was Sinai to tho Israelltlsh ho..st. Tho hope had been expressed during tho year that in tho sub lime work ot building up doctrine they, as Con- grogatlonallsts, might luivo a place. if that wero possible, was It too much 1 1 hope that they might have some part In such a prlvllego ot ser vice In Australia. Whether that would bo so would largely depend on themselvos. Whatevor power they had of mind and heart must first bo laid at tho foot of Christ's cross. (Applause.). 