SILE REEVES' GRIT. | " Got killed a huntin' coons ! Not Sile Beeves, y' don't mean ? Not Sile Reeves, him th't sloshed the woods for better'n fifty year, an' kim out on top in more painter fights and b'ar tussels with catty- mounts th'n any other chap ez ever rammed a ball inter a rifle ? Y' don't meanter tell me th't Sile Reeves has gone and got killed a huntin' coons — a sneakin', thievin', ring tailed varmint th't ain't no good ter "any body 'cept a hungry nigger ?, An' a nigger, even, ez'd hunt a coon b'gosh, 'iiless he was so hungry th't he were treadin' on the sooburbs o' | starvation, oughtn't to be let.cut bait for a mink trap ! Sile Reeves ! Did he go back on hisself in the days of his old age an' git killed a coonin' ? I Gittin' killed's bad enough, but to I go a coonin' — I'm durned 'fi b'lieve it ! " The Old Settler was moved. A man from Sugar Swamp had) brought news of the death of Sile Reeves, a famous hunter, who, ac cording to report, was cutting down i a tree in which a coon was holed, when ,the tree fell unexpectedly and crushed him to death. " Why, boys," continued the Old Settler, " Sile Reeves didn't take no back seat fer liotkin' n'r nobody. When he were only a ten year ol'e he had more grit th'n a hunk o' sandpaper twicet his. size. His folks lived over on tk' north edge o' the swamp, whar his ol' man were try in' to pry a farm outen from under the stratty o' pebbles th't were the predomineerm' out- croppin' o'- tli' sile tharabouts, an' bed diskivered enough dirt to make a pastur' lot. 'Tw'an't but ten rod square, but you k'd ha' built a new wall around Jericho with the stun it shed. . In this medder, as Sile's pap called the clearin', th' ol' man started th' stockin' o' his farm with a six months old calf, which he fetched all th' way from Lost Crow barren. One mornin' he went out to chuck some 'tater peelin's over the wall inter th' pastur', t' kinder help the calf through the day, when, lo an' behold ye ! the calf were gone ! Sile's father thought, o' course, the calf'd jumped the wall an' tuck to the woods, an' he cussed it from Dan to Beersheby fer a durn wath- less, britchy critter th't didn't know which side its bread were buttered on. Sile was busy in other clearin' tryin' to find room here and there for a hill o' beans, w'ich it were a tol'able tough job to do, 'cause the pro raty o' stun to dirt were in th' vicinity o' two ton o' stun -to half a pint o' dirt. Sile's father called him an' tol' him to go an' hunt up the calf, an' not to be all day about it, nuther, an' not to come hum without it, 'fe didn't want the hide tucken offen him. The ol' man, even when he were in a good humor, were crosser'n a b'ar, an' when he were mad, J-e-e-e- rusaleni ! but wouldn't he make things bounce ? But to go. arter the calf were just ol' persim mons fer Sile, fer he were durn tired o' pursuin' agricultur' with a crowbar. Th' youngster felt poorty clus to sartin' th't the calf 'd been inflooenced to leave its .pastur' by either a painter or a b'ar, both o' which wa'n't no ways sca'ce in them precincts. So he sneaked his dad's ol' flintlock rifle down offen th' peg it hung on in th' cabin an' ske daddled fer th' woods. 44 Mind ye, Sile were unley ten year ol' an' wa'n't big o' his age. nuther. . 44 Well, when supper time kim, Sile wa'n't back yit, an' his ol' man b'gun to sw'ar, an' I think ol' Bumpy ReeveB k'd put better cuss-words an' more uv 'em in a square inch o' talk th'n any man 't ever sniffed th' air o' heaven. About bed time he sees fer th' fust 't th' ol' flintlock were gone, an' then he begun t' let hisself loose, T' cusses got t' comin' so thick an' powerful ut Bumpy 's ol" woman — which she k'd hold her own poorty well herself with ordnary evry day run o1 cussin' — got skeert and left the cabin. Sile's dad swore 't he'd bet his farm agin a last year's crow's J nest — which were about an' even bet 'twixt us — th't Sile were follow ing some chipmunk track all over th' swamp, an' 'd f'got all about the calf. Nex' mornin' Sile hadn't showed up yit, 'nd th' ol' man went out t' look for him 'long with Sam Ward an' myself, which I. were a boy < then ez hed knocked over my first deer, an' hed sent a ball arter a b'ar. < Sam an' me were a drivin' the : ridges fer deer, an' happened .'long b' Reeves just ez he were goin' out ter lookup Sile. So we went 'long. ',Bout noon me an' Sam came onter th' boy. He were five miles from hum, settin' 'long side o' th' biggest b'ar carcase I ever see. His clo's was all teared and tatters, an' his face were all streaked with blood, zif he were an Injin painted fer th' warpath. , " Ol' man Reeves kem up by this time, an' when he see Sile , settin' by th' dead b'ar, an' th' ol' flint lock stand in' up agin a tree, an' Sile all scratched an' bloody, an' his clo's 'bout right fer gun wipers, he were so mad he couldn't say a word fer up'ards of a minute, an' then b'gun t' give th' cuss words a chance. 'Twere quite a spell 'fore Bumpy got down t' hard pan, an' then he went at Sile. " 4 Is thiB th' way ye go out t' hunt up a calf, ye- d'rotted little imp ? Here ye ben the best part o' two days a foolin' yer time away a follerin' a infernal |ol'. b'ar 'round th' kintry, right in the busiest time o' bean plautin,' an' a tearin' th' ! unly suit o' K'ntucky jane they is in the hull township off'n yer back! Whar's th' calf ? W'ile yev ben a foolin' arter th't b'ar, what's b'come. o' th' calf, ye young whelp o' the -oiler? Whar's th' calf ? An' . why hain't ye fotched it hum ? ' 44 It were -a refreshin' sight t' see Sile cock up his eye at the ol' man. One eye were plumb shut up, an' ez black ez a b'ar's ear. A big piece were gone outen one cheek, an' t'other were swelled out like a blowed up pig's bladder. I'm jiggered if it wan't enough to make a wild cat laugh t' look at that boy., 44 4 1 went out arter that calf, dad, an' were bound t' get her,' said Sile. 4 1 got her, an' was fetchin' her hum ez fast ez 1 cud. Ef ye'd a waited 'bout two hours longer I'd a had her thai — or, leastways, w'at th' is left of her. Ef y've got time to rip open this b'ar's carcass y'll find yer calf, sartin.' 44 Ye se, Sile had kim onter th' I ol' b'ar an' s'prised him a puttin' I th' calf away inside o' hisself, an' when Sile sent a ball arter him th' b'ar had grabbed up what were left o' the critter an' dug out fei hum. He follered bruin fer ten mile, an' come up t' him in his den 'long t'ords night. Sile giv him th' slugs, an' th' b'ar tackled him, but were wounded too bad t' git away with th' boy, but chawed him up tol'ble han'some 'fore he gin up the ghost. Sile jest curled down 'long- side th' b'ar an' slep' till mornin', an' were a draggin' bruin an' th' calf th't were inside o' him hum w'en me an' Sam Ward kim along onter.-- him a>restin' in th' swamp. Ef th't wa'nt-grit somebody tell me- what1' it- were5 ? k 44 1 could set here an' tell ye yarns all night 'bout Sile Reeves," con tinued the Old Settler sadly, 44 an' any one on 'em 'd be better 'n any story book ye ever read ; but I hain't go the heart t' do it. T' think of a man th't started out like him a turnin' of his toes up a huntin' coons ! ' . I'm durned 'f it don't make me feel like buttin' my ol' brains out agin that stove ! If he hedn't hed so many fus' class chances o' peggin' out. th't 'd ha' ben a -comfort and consolation t' his friends, 'twould set on me so' durn hard, but ez it is I'm cut up wus'n a hog in killin' time. ' . ' The Old Settler fell into a mourn ful reverie. Suddenly he jumped up and shouted — _ 44 I'm a thumpin' son of a roe buck ef it hain't my fault th't ol' Sile went back on hisself an' went d LUUILliL The Old Settler had never been seen in such a state of mind before. He had suddenly recalled some inci dent that seemed to .fill him with remorse. He strode to and fro across the floor, swung his cane until it buzzed, and at every step resigned himself to regions remote from the happy hunting ground where all good hunters are supposed to go eventually. The condolence of the "boys and the soothing in fluence of two glasses of hot rum and molasses finally brought him back to his equilibrium. "Now- mind y.e, boys," he said, 44 th' may be sech a thing ez th't Sile didn't git killed th' way we heerdhe did; an',, mind ye, ef he did; I c'nsider th't he were crazier th'n a loon. But if it is true, an' no matter ef he were crazy, 'twere my fault th't he went a coonin', fer I split his chalice o' gettin' chawed up in a way th't' 'd clone him credit till th' Judgment Day comes rollin'' round. But I stepped in an' saved his life. An' now y' see what comes of it. 'Twere forty years ago up in Sugar Swamp Deestric'. We wus out lookin' fer a, stray deer or b'ar ez might be hangin' 'round th' woods. Sile had a b'ar trap a couple o' miles f 'm th' cabin, an' one mornin' he went out t' see ef th' was any sign o' fur 'bout th' diggins. . I wa'nt quite ready to go w'en he started, but follered 'long mebbe half an hour afterwards. Th' trap were set on th' edge of a little swamp, When I got thai th' wa'n't no trap, no b'ar, nor no Sile t' be seen. Jest then I j heerd a shot over in th' swamp, an' I struck a bee line fur th' spot. 'Fore I got a quarter of a mile in th' swamp I heard a ter'ble snappin' an snarlin' an' growlin' and a tearin' 'bout in the brush right on ahead o\ me. I- crawled through, an' comin'' suddint onter an openin' I see a sight th't made me prick up my ears an', no, mistake. The snow were tore up fer ten rod around, an' th' were quite a sprinklin o' blood an' hair distribyut'd 'bout th' patch. On one side o' th' open laid Sile, an' standin' over 'im, with one paw on Sile's right arm, a holdin' it down so ez he couldn't use his huntin' knife, were a big b'ar with his jaws wide open, ready with his other paw fc' rip th' life outen Sile. Layin' on Sile's side with the trap on one forepawj were another b'ar, but he were dead . 'n hed bled enough t' fill a tub. I ' knowed by that th't Sile hed !.beii with him an' hed slid his knife "inter th' b'ar's witals. T'other b'aiy though, hed got Sile fouler th'n th' whale had Joner, an' his life wa'nlt wuth a gun wad. I couldn't help but think, ez I see th't ol' black cuss a standin' over Sile th't it were 'most a sin agin natur' t' interfere with an animal th't 'd tuck th'. chances o' gettin' th'- best o' Sile Reeves an' h'd got it. But o' course I pulled up an' druv a ball inter th' tough b'ar's heart, an' Sile Reeves were saved f'm sartin' death. It'd ben a big thing fei' Sile ef he'd a-ben ripped open by : th't b'ar, arter th' fight he'd made agin' two on 'em. ' An' I sp'ilt that chance fer him, an' here he goes an' gits killed a-coonin.' It's all my fault, an it'll ha'nt me to my dyin' day ! 44 Say, sonny," exclaimed the Old Settler, seized with a new thought. 44 When y' go back to Sugar Swamp, kinder inquire round 'bout this matter. Fin' out ef th' wa'nt a b'ar track some whar'- round whar ol' Sile got killed. Send me back word 't wa'nt a coon huntin', an' y'll take a heap o' trouble off my mind." The Old Settler rose to go home. He stopped at the door, and raising his cane abbve his head, said with emphasis; " Consarn it, sonny I Sen rhe back word th't Sile gin up the ghost any other way but a huntin' coons, an' I'll die a rejoicin' ! I don't- keer w'at other way it were — not even if it were bein' kicked to death by a tan'ry mule, b'gosht 'lmighty Then the cane came down and made the bar-room ring, and the Old. Settler went home to sunner. — Ed. Mott in the Chicago Herald. 