A Ghostly Appeurancc at Anburn EXCITEMENT JN THE BOURHOOD. NEIGH- Tho* some soaptica may deny b.iliof in visitants from another sphere, yet wicli thi tniijoi'ity of folk the bolief diei hard. Miss Maraor, of "Ltimngton," Victoria-road, Auburn, Viotoria, Inta morn thitn onoe ee^n something resembling a ghost—when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, DO deliiliiahfd wus she by so wanv months' illness. She say*:— "I ooiniunnced, some two yours ago, to fepl very ill affcttr returning bonis from school. I did not feel miflioiently unwell to take to uiy bed, but experienced n oontinued languid feeling that made me moit miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he xuid I wag overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. A« I hud no inclination to do eo, there wus no fear of my dinobeying this order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I comraenoed to feel acute pains in aiy shoulders and buck, and at night I could sourcely get any rest." "We tried everything to induce sleep," intorpoged Mr Marnar, "but -without effect; then I consulted a wellknown Collins street praotitioner. He said ray daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Hor mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but xhe returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost Oesh and became a mere gJmt." "This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st 31b, now I am 7st 71b." "A great improvement; your treatment mast have been benefioial." "No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit Just before the Jubilee holidays, Father bought me a box of Dr Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr Pleasance's, Chapel street, Prahran; they did me so mueh good that I continued with them. It is a long time sincer I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you wouM recommend them." "Yes; and that wtrongly, too," said M^Marner, "had I known of Dr Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." There are many readers who may be fortunate euough to save their pockets if they act as this vounq lady did. Dr Williams' Pink Pills will cure atiKtnia, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofula, consumption, chronic erysipelas, debility, indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and chest and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, par.tlyRis, locomotor ataxia, neuralgia, St. Vitus' dance, and nervous headache, and all nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr Williams' Madicine Com puny, cure Rocke, Tompsitt, and Co , Flinders street, Melbourne at two aud nine, a box, or six foi fifteen and threepence, liut are tannine only with the full name (seven words), Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box Thousands have testified to their curative powers. 