THE FEBRUARY MAGAZINES. SOME NOTABLE ARTICLES. I. Aniong the mass of periodicals for the month one stands out for notice. Recently the history of tbe groat publishing bouse of tlio Blackwoods bas been chronicled, and readers of those enthralling volumes have been (rented to a store of reminiscences of tlic giants wlio wielded their pens lu the Modern Atlicnsln tlie early years of tbc cen tury. .Macinlllans, Messrs. Smith nnd Elder, and Longmans, nil followed tlie example set by the lidlnburgh' house In starting mugii- zlneV to encourage their publishing trade, niul though they, can respectively boast of their connection- with lvlpliiig, Thackeray and Andrew Lang, none of them can look 'buek,,tosucb-.a team of Illustrious contribu tors -aSv'lBhick wood's. Magazine." Tbis'uo'w, issues Its thousandth 'number; a portly vo- lumor'of nearly -300: pages, which shows .the traditional sagacity of Its founders by ehoos- Ing forlts purveyors: of lletloa sonie of the best; wrltcrs.'Of these latter days. Among these 'are Maurice Hewlett, Hugh- Clifford; Beatrice Iliiri-adeti, -Beruai'd- .-Capes and Josepli1., Conrad; whose tale of tbe C'ougo Hluterlaud'bus uinrvullous utmospbere. f ,' "MAG A." . . But- tbc luaky, possessor of tbls "curiosity of literature" utll tuiu llist to tlie' ' 72ud number , of the "Noctcs Ambroslnnic," lu vB- wblcli a - skilled 'liandy',:fbns set . the ; old : companions- Wilson (tlio . "musty, . crusty . CbrlstopbcF' .-North;-'. who "slated" the young Tohuyson), .TaniestlTogg, tho "Ettrlck Shepherd," -De Qiilnccy, the .Opium Eater, and the rest— round steaming glasses of punch In n parlor lu Elysium, to , chat ns of yore about, litera ture, politics and the humanities, with sly allusions to inodcru improvements stuco the prime of Walter Scott and Lockbart. The vast gap .lu . British literary history Is bridged by (lie thousand monthly Issues of tbe publication to which these men gave the endearing nickname "Mnga." For the: sake of the iissociations thus. revived the Austra lian must contrive to forgive, tlic ghost of North .'for -the villainous rhyme lu his toast:— Then fill.inc a: bumper and push round the bowl 1 - For from forty-five George-street to tar Wagga \- y Wagga, No quack or pretender from sternness shall bend her; .- -. 1 . . Or roll the loud log with the sanction ol.Maga. Yet the careful reader of the iiiniistug lite rary' artlele.Under tbc Beard of- Biicbuuau, will. note thnt nearly every one of the new books praised therein; bears the tuiprlut of Messrs. Blackwood. -Tbe; many .-Melbourne., fricuds 'of; Mr. George Morrison, who won bis journalistic spurs lis coiTospouilunt of "The Age" In wild - countries, uud lias recently made history by Ills contributions to (lie London "Tlmcs;"- will, appreciate -tbc .following.: trl-. bate ,to- bis astuteness, .put Into the mouth of , tlie sliudo' of "tl;o Et- , trick ; ShcjihcrdV: — "Tho fue' is I couldun help thlnkln' ou- yon- chlel; the Tcklug cor respondent. Man', 'he's a cllvcr ltul,! tlmt! I mind flue, " hardly, a year sync, wlienlvcr a Cawbiuet Mocuistor made u blt speecli aboot .hoo English diplomacy had gti nod a griiun': victory lu Cblny, nu' hoo tlio firrimi an Unflinching awttitudo o' the Government liafl left a flue port open for liuz to dn w,tlie very uelst nioriiiii', suro's fate, comes a tal- lngrnm frae' the fullow, tellin' ho thne "Rooshlnns h'nd laid n gynrd, an hoo t ic Bri tish ambuwssador wis clean nonplushodi An' lie was rlehf, Ivory time, mind ye- uialr's tho peety." : . . THE. CHURCH MILITANT.' .... \- While we here arc watching the firs: stage of a heretic. halting in tlic. local Frcsbytcrlnn body, the Anglican .community' at h«ue Is rout .with disputations on Ritualism, And to this subject tbe "Nlheteentb Ceiitury'l gives first place. . -Viscount; Halifax, who : liblds n l-cpreseutatlve position on the side attacked by the Protestants, throws oil on\ the troubled waters by a temperate statement of Us case. "Wlint Iswnnted at the present time ls-n frank recognition of flic anomalies Inherent In tlie position of: tlio Church of -England, and a. very wide toleration of di vergences In practice,'' and this will, In Ills opinion,; at. once diminish the - cliniices of disestablishment, and destroy the evils It -would ibrlng about. This -moderate uian, in fact, only wants Ills opponents to admit' that they are wrong and to give his friends leave to do ns they please. -Ho is followed by Mr. G. :W. E. Russell; a strong High Churchman, who wants the;- church disestablished and -freed from any sort of State control. He quotes the Bishop of Balliirat as saying at .Dublin, '-Jin 1S9G:— . » After living lor 20 years within," and helping in the administration of nn, unendowed-, and unestab- ltfihcd church, I will say' that however great, the disadvantages of suclra condition 'of aft airs arc to . the State, I am not prepared to say. that tliey are a disadvantage to the spiritual well being nnd prosperity of tlic church herself. I for one should ho very sorry to take any price I can think of -for tho freedom of administration and government we enjoy, the power to promote reforms, and the power of adaptation, more difHcult to secure where there is- a State connection. It Is said thnt- Mr. Kenslt, when the audi ence disturbed one of Ills anti-ritualist meet ings, rushed, to the edge of . the platform, shouting, "We have- the -Lord of Hosts on our side — and I have sent for six more policemen." Mr. Russell docs not tell thnt story", but bis contribution is- marked by tbe liveliness to bo expected from the nutbor of "Collections and Recollections." He nar rates how "dear old 'Lord Shaftesbury" de-. tcctcd a- fatal parallelism -between the num ber of signatories to one Ritualist petition and the four hundred' prophets- .who. ate nt. Jezebel's table! In the sprightly polemics of tills scion" of tlie Whig house of Bedford, Archdeacon Denlsou is "the. stancbest of prc-Adnniitc Tories." But his. keenest Blinfts arc reserved for- Ills political ex-lender, . Sir Willlnin'Hnrcourt, who declared In 1874 tbnt Ritualism lends up to -"the priestly. 'preten sion— 'I.- hold your God In ' my. hand, and I linvo your wire nt my toot.- xuus.ue ue-. gius by referring to Sir Wlllliiin as "niy old -friend who", finding his services at !u, dis count in the State, has generously- assumed the supreme government of the Church, ".- and goes on to compure the resigned- Libe ral's pleasantries to: Milton's description of liow the elephant In Eden before our first parents "to make, them mlrtb .uscd all bis might, and wreathed bis lithe proboscis." . .. RHODES AND IIIS FUTURE.' ' -By fiir-.tlic most Informing article - In a. good numper.of the "Fortnightly" Is; that lu which Mr. Morley Roberts gives tbe conclu sions drawn ' from a recent visit , to the Transvaal. His. vivid style is a relict from- the prolixity of the' average , handler of political ; subjects, and the. independence of. an. observer with no financial, axe to grind Allows. bim to throw new light on the tangle. "Africa was once divided Into Dutch and English. Mr. Rhodes- hyphenated them and became the third. part of South Africa, Tlic new Gaul was divided Into three parts; hut one part wns Oieaar." But the writer- Is not deceived by the Colossus thnt seems to bestride the narrow Afrikander world. '!Not for tbe first , time has tbe Inevitable course of nature bceu ticketed with a man's name." v . Rhodcs's amalgamation - of - the Klinberlcy diamond mines was but natural: "evolution working Itself out. A similar pro cess is now casting Its. shadow on Jobqnnes- borg," to which, as to every mining town, -has come the aftermath of its boom. The 'polyglot parasites; driven from the diamond .field iiy .tbo Do Beers 'combine dread a re petition of the. process oil; the Hand. . They bate Rhodes, wlio will one' dny; . clear them: out; and dread him . much; more than the Boers; who only hamper and tax them; Sir. "Roberts avers thnt "If President Kruger aud Mr, Rhodes could stand for election in an enfranchised Jqhannesberg, there is no doubt ..that Kruger would be elected.'.' This Is n startling conclusion, but. it would explain tlio:hitliorto Inexplicable — why theOutlnnder population submit so tamely to, Boer oppres sion. He also declares that the revolutionary movement cndlug In tbe Raid was, until -Mr.' Rhodes forced lilinsclf Into It at tbc .last moment, in German hnmls, nnd that tbe ..famous telegram from tbc Kaiser wits the . fruit - of his "bitter disappointment nt the abortion of a plot whlcli-,wns in the first In stance designed to establish a . financial re public, with a backing- at Berlin; upon the gold field. Tlie article will take uracil an swering. WHAT THE KHARTOUM COLLEGE SHOULD NOT DO. In the "Contemporary," a writer who knows both Hie -Soudan nud the British ele mentary schools, publishes u grave exhorta tion to Lords Kitchener nnd Cromer, lie Implores tlicm above nil tilings to nvold I lie mistakes and omissions from which the mass nf English children suffer. His plea bas a local application, nnd may be summarised. He notes MmL Lord Cromer, who lins suf fered lilinsclf from the atrocious system once .prevailing at the .Military Staff College, wants not to Anglicise the Soudanese; but to train tbclr uiiuds; yet that work must begin wllli elementary. education, where, according to Sir John, Gorst, begins ...the .inferiority of -British to Gorman training. Tho form of board school adopted la England is 'lone most auxlously to bo avoided." It renders teaching- Impossible, and, "anyone who lias becu guilty of having part or lot in tbe build-, lng of any one of tbe Loudon School , Hoard premises" muBt on- no account bo employed on tlic Gordon College. Next is the qucsllou of tlie premature forcing- of youthful minds,'. which the writer shows to be n crime. preva lent through England, nud -to bring - disas trous consequences., lit ,1s fostered by, en trusting- the most Important- port of educa tion— training , of the .very ; young— to Inex perienced pupil touchers, overworked nnd, 111-, paid. Most to be feared Is/tlie hideous system of "payment by, .results," ' which crams the memory nail cramps., the, binln,. The language is strong, but nol too strong,' and the article can be recommended -to.- all , educationalists. - ; , LEARNING AS IT -IS 'TAUGHT.:'.. , i , Neatly Illustrative of these contentions arc some- examples of answers given by. tho children so tauglit lu British State schools, wlilcb ,nu inspector of them bus compiled lu tbe curreut "Cornblll." Tbey. need, no com ment: — a The equator is an imaginary line, going round Hie enrth once In every 24 hours. Richard I. went to .Mormandy, and was shot through the eye by a Mormon while capturing the castle of C'hnluz. 1 : Sir lsaue "Newton svns the greatest orator and stntesmnn, England ever produced. His bust ora- .toi-io is called the Messiah, ills essay on Criticism and. essay on Man arc the best didactic poems in the language. 'rue ncarr is contained in n uony uox in- uic north-cast corner-. of the -chest. -The diaphragm is a . serious -petition-between, the thorax nnd. the. ah-, domcnal regions. The bowels are five, in number— namely, a, e,.i, o, u, and the humerus is tlie funny hone. . . . ' .' What is the best food for, infants? — Oxigcn, by-, drogen and a little carbon. . \--Concerning the palrinrehs, the teacher .nsked— "Out, children, in these Christian times, how many wives niay a man have?" Answer, -'.'Please, M'm, two only is generally .necessary to salvation. Quaint Is the reply of a pupirtcachcr asked to comment on the Hues— This ; England never did, nor never shall Lie at the proud loot of a conqueror — ; who settled tlie Immortal burd in two re marks:— "1.- This Is Impossible, - because, It implies Unit a conqueror lias only one fool; whereas be lias two. 2. Tills Is absurd, . be-, cause pride Is , located lu tlie -heart of iuun,. uot in Ills foot." Such are some of - tlio fruits of . the payment, by. results- system: A LIVE AGENT-GENERAL. ; The "National Review" makes colonial mutters a lending feature; and. this Issnc. con tains -two proofs tlin t Now Zealand is wise In having secured a young, 'active. anil com bative Agoiit-Genernl. Mr.; Benibcr Reeves bas In its pages an artlelo. on- tlie Old. Ago -pmnitn.ia Ar-r- nf Xfi'. Knddon's Govornmoii t. which, though its contents are not news to us, will serve to defend his colony from i111-: 'putatlons of. finnnclal .recklessness before people who make and unmake colonial credit; In tlie monthly summary of Greater Britain's doings, the portion allotted to Australasia' Is. almost entirely occupied- by. quotations from letters scut by Mr. Reeves to the "Tillies" lu the. course of ' a 'contro versy on the "ailvnucciV' .--legislation of Now Zealand; His figures cannot "but have weight;, for tliey are very telling and ably marshalled., Thus lie. shows that between 1887 nnd 1807- there liave been tibo following percentage in creases: — Population, 20 ; exports,. 45- (includ. lng tlie value of . -meat 243, butter G33; chcosc 175); land- holdings, 01; . land - under cultivation, 57; railway,;, receipts, -3S.-. - It would be diibeult to compute tlie- 'money- value to New Zealand of the- representative -who has, the energy to force facts like those on the attention of the outer world. Mean while, In the. Victorian Agent-Gcncrul's olllcc tbe cobwebs accumulate. THE TALL MALL MAGAZINE. . Mr. "Waldorf Astor's monthly consists, ns usual, mainly of fiction, tho best story being by Miss Fowler, whose "Isabel Cnruaby" is having such a success. Adrian Ross, the University Don who writes the songs for the, Gnlcty pieces, has n poem, nud -Mr.' Marriott Watson; the New Zculiinder, a story. -Mili tary topics are well to tlio front, ns-there Is iln article oil ballooning in warfare, a history of tbc monuments to .- "heroes; In Westminster Abbey and an Jnstnlmcut . of the- Afghan reminiscences,, of Sir -."Hugh Gough, V.O. The Uustratlons are excel lent. . - , THE LATEST KIPLING. The "Windsor"; paid Mr; Kipling a fabu lous sum for a series of talcs of school . life, ofwbicb tbe third- Instalment nppcars-ln,tbc Issue for February; but tbc-brllllnnt writer; whose convalescence Is rejoicing - all lovcrs of vigorous -literature, is not nt bis best wlion writing to order. Tlio "Beetle" . of these tales Is supposed to bo tlie author him-;, sclf lu bis school; boy days at Westward' Ho. The best articles In a uot very striking num ber, describe the giant red wood trees of Gali- fornia : . and. Llcbteusteln, : a ' constltutlonnl -monarchy;' with nil army- of GG men to 'liwe Its GO square miles of territory.. It' was this toy State. that gave Stevenson the Idea for bis romance, "Prince Otto.". : - TnE PRESS OF PARIS. Tlie; most amusing contribution to "Mac- inlllnu's" this montli Is a scathing criticism of -the .real value- of Mr.' Wutts-Duuton's .novel; "Aylwln,'-'- which bas been outbuslas- 'tlcally praised by. bis brother reviewers until it has run Into. Its ninth, edition in a few weeks. 'i'Ue reader of tbe extracts given by! tbis-caustic critic will feel that this genera: tlon Is not much wiser than Its predecessor," .whlclr took Tapper and Montgomery to ho iuspired bards of the first- rauk. The most interesting contribution in tbc magazine is one on the PnrIs!an;.pross, anonymous, but evidently from one who knows tbe inside tracks of French journalism. He gives the recent history of the "Figaro" nnd all the more Important sheets, Including . the amazing publications of Drumont, the Jew baiter, - and Roehefort, the unclassod aristo: crat., He draws a comparison between the press on either side the English Channel, nnd lenvps n strong Iinprcsolnti tbnt our country and Its dependencies owes more tlinn Is gene rally believed to tlietr thousands of journalists wlio do nn Immense nuiount of work, wlth'a conscientiousness and Integrity apparently unknown In, France. The article also shows bow uracil tbe venal scribes of Paris misre present tbclr unlucky countrymen. . 