THE NOVELIST. K?oroaroer,.) `'iN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE. at AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. or ye IVAN DEXTER. CHIAPTERI Il.--CoTIN UEnD,. Jasper, the father, was neatly eighty P" years of age, and the sons were beyond s middle age. Father acid sons bad been or born at St. Columb, and had passed most of re their lives mining, varied with occasional a fishing when the sea was calm. t It was not long after the ship struck that Jasper and his sons noticed fragments of i wreck drifting into the bay, and they pulled n about in the hope of securing something valuable. The people of the village regarded a wreek as their own especial property, and they had no qoualms of conselence regarding the appropriation of anything that came C within their reach from such a source. d Jasper and his sons were engaged ex amining a mass of floating wreckage when ri they were somewhat startled by the sound , of a human voice to seaward. It was but a faint cry, but to the prac. w tised ears of themen it told its tale. It must be a survivor's cry to come from It such a direction the man instinctively ft knew, and loosing the wreckage they had d hooked the boat was instantly turned to. wards the spot the sound came from. ti In a few moments a second feeble cry was t heatd, fainter than the first, but in the thick darknees nothing could be discerned save tI the white crested waves that broke against . the rocks. They had almost reached the mouth of the Cove, and Jasper, who had ignited an fl lamp and was bolding it above his head, d ow another pile of wreckage sweep by. By the flickering gleam of the light the occupants of the boat sow a struggling ob. jeer on the flnting mass, wlhieh turned out to be a portion of the ship's bulwarks,. but aImost as they nlooked a huge wave dasled the timber against a jotting rock, and with a smothered cry the living object disap. peered. Impelled with the desire to save life the men pulled 'erliously near to the boiling canulron of the entrance, and as they did so a sheet of the broken timber swept by the frail craft and a gleam of eomethino white on it caught the oli man's eye. Stretchingout his band he caught the object, which seemed to be a bundle of clothes, and as it was of little weight he lifted it into the boat. Examining it with the aid of the light e ey were astounded to find that i con. tained a child, and in a few moments Jas. per was convinced that it lived. The boat had by this time been drifting s back into the Core and knowing how neces. sary it was to provide warmth for the t almost inanimate infant the men at once pulled back to the beach and landed amongst the wondering few who remauned there.t Mrs. Trenoweth was the first woman that t Michael Jwper saw, and when she took the waif so miraculously preserved her motherly d tenderness was proused and she claimed the e care of the child. This was at once conceded, for there were no wouen folk in the Jasper household, and the care of an infant would hare been awk ward., By dint of care the child was brought v rounl and at daylight seemed little the worse for the awful experience ofat the night. Out of all on board the ship the child was the only soul saved, and the wondering t people of St. Columb regarded her-for it was a femalo-as specially under Divine care. There is no doubt that the cries which first attracted Jasper's attention came from someone who had the child and was lost when the floating wreckage struck the rock. There was never the slightest clue found to the identity of the lost vessel, and the only token discovered on the child was the name " Inez" broidered on one of its gar. ments. Mrs. Trenoweth, after consultation with her hushband and with old Jasper's consent,. decided to adopt the little loee, but the old man insisted on his name being given to her as well as that marked on her clothes. The Trenuoweth'e child Edward was but a year old at the time and thus the two children grow up together. Edward was fourteen when he was sent to Eton, but the routine of school life was extremely distasteful to him, and he longed for the wild freedom of his Cornish home. flow he managed to remain two years at the great school it is not easy to explain, but during that time he paid several visits to the Cove and each time he saw Inez Jasper his boyish heart was more impressed with her. She was certainly growing into a lovely woman. Hier features were as Spanish as her first name, and there was httle doubt she was of Southern extraction. There was nothing in common between her and the natures of the secluded hamlet. and consequently she was not a favourite with them. Edward Trenoweth was a spirited and handsome youth and more to her Ihking. The friendship that existed between thamn developed into ardent love on his part and some degree of affection on bars. At best it was but Love's young dream. At the age of sixteen Edward doparted from Eton, or, rather, was compelled to leave owing to a serious disagreement with one of the masters. During his two year's sojourn there he bad not wasted his time but bad made fair progress with his studies. The spirit of his ancestors seemed to posunseu him, as he evinced a decided eacli nation for the life of a miner. Both hise parents tried to daissuade him from that pursuit, buet it was in amn, and soon after he took part with hie father tnthe working of the mine. This pursuit posmeased en infatuation for him and be speedily eacquired a practical knowledge of geology. His theoretical knowielge stood him in good need. and before he was two years in the mine he was regrded as quite an autho rity by the rough miners. This was tn the latter end of 1805. and no one guessed of the awful calamity that was even then throwing its nsadowe over the doomed hamlet. CREAPPER III. THE WIIAL fMElt LI. One of the most ancient mines in vener. as able Cornwall was the Wheat Merlin. Its underground workings extended for w miles and formed a perfect labyrinth likely ti to prove fatal to the uninitiated explorer. th Having been worked for hundreds of w years nearly every spot was hallowed or it. cursed by the memory of a fatal disaster. The awe-struck miner would show the vlsi- or tor places where human self.sacrifice had so reached sublime heights, or mal hap where to personal malico in vengeful moo hadl in- of voked aid of death to remove a hat.ed rival or togain a little wealth. Every sabter .0 ranean gallery was tilled with uilwrittern ansid unpainted legends, but to the supereot. I tions miners and resielents of tile ldstrict ri they were infinitely more real anid enduring C tlan if wrought in marble or bronze. COn iblering the primitive manner to which the mine had for ages been worked it wam a T marvel that the acoidents had not been Lt more numerous and more eo rioule. It Even with simple appliances in use a al great depth had been attairned, anl the work of ages had caused the district arionoed St, I Columtb's Cove to be honeynombed with un. It derground drives. It In ollen times the mine was noted for its rich yields and miniature battles lhand been o fought for its possessaion. It An ancient representative of the Tren, weth family, who had been worsted above tI iround at tlhe outpost front which he de lended his property, took refuge below, and forseveral days fought the enemy in its P drivens. C Ilas better knowledge of these ramifice- si tiots enabledl him to, triumph, but the vie. tory was a hard one. A villager named l'enlold, who worked in the mine, was either bribed or forced into showing tile enemy underground, and thia msn paid dear for his treachery. lHaving been eaptured, the enraged b miners took him to the surface and then dropped him seven hundrud feet to the bot- o tonm of the main shaft. Ilia was one of the ghosts that wa s aid to walk by the credulous people, and wil n ever the phlantom appeared it was looked i upon as an omen of fast approaching evil to c tile people of the hamlet. Suchl superstition as this may appear t childish to the matter-of.fact people of to. day to Australia. It slouo! not be forgtt. ten, however, that even at this latter end of the nineteenth century there still lingers in many parts of Cornwall supertitious the. hlefs tLat cesedl to'obtain followers in otler parts about toe midlile ages. Mining is essentially a precarious and dangerous calling. and in such a remoroev spot as St. Columb' Coure-almost cat off from communication with the busy world, and in a locality where nature herbeel con. spired to overawe man-there was notlhtong strange in the fact that the miners employed on the Wheat Merlin should still chellors the legedadsof their forefathers. Indeed, they had some ground for the strange beliefs they held. On more than one occasion weird predic Siouts bhad been verified in strange end remarkable way. Omens that could only have been of super- e natural orolgn had, through the key of cer tain prior prouplecies been lotrrpreted, anrI they had been fulfilled. More than one huI red yearn before tlloI date on wihich this story opens an aneator of Edward Trenoweth had met the phan tom of T'enfold in one of the dolieve of tloe: . 1Wheal Merlin. Tie spectre--J Trenoweth esid--p?ointed menacingly in a northerly direction, andl then, like the usual orthodox ghost, ranished. Tllis Trenoweth was a man lmore than Sordinoartly sceptical for a Corniehmo n, and be refused to listen to) the appeals monle to him bj certain of the villaers whenr he told them of the apparition. They urged tiht he should not work in the mine for a week and a dtay or harm would befall him. The Feriod of a week andl at lny was uni versally considered as the longest in which t a spirit could exercise a malian intlloenc. Even Mrs. Trenoweth urgeld her hoesbandl to take heed cf the warning given, but he I was obdurate. Iie pointed out, lhke a shrewd, sensible man that he wao, that he could not see how working thie ine wouuhl precipitate his fate any sooner than remain ing above ground for a few days and per. hal having an encounter with some strag. gling smugglers or pirates who might drop into the Cove. If his hour bhad come his bolt would fall equally sure above ground as a few hundred feet below the surface. This is the view that the practical man of to-day would take in such matters, but tile I sequel shuwed that Trenoweth should have s taken the kindly advice. dN at morning lie descended the shaft into c.,mpany llti, nine men who were emhued it with the courage of their master, but ndnu 0, of them ever came to the surface again a alive. S: bertly after roon an outburst of air from Stlhe main sha' told the alarmed villagers that srme catastrophe hat happened, and y the-y It?ked to the mouth of the mine. ii ea of the eslpericed miners when lt lwvy heanl the rush of air knew but too i well the natureof ten fatality. It was eei tent to them that an inrush of o water had *arken place, and this proved to , be thle case. Is When a few of the more daring descended the la liers thoy found that the shaft was Snrearly half full of flood waters. It was thirty feet above the drive where n, Trenuweth and his men were working, and d it was certain that they must have per shred. They were workino in the main drive to the north and the fatality was soon found to hrave been caused by the bursting in of towater frolm in old mine that had not been workhe for century. It wan weers before the bodies werere' so covertd, and the villegers went about their Ir task as f obeyinz a commaond of fate. Thiery slook their heads and shrugged to their shoulders hot said little, for they knew \- that Trenoweth had paid with his Life his diserrgard of tue phantom's warning. m Antd so from generation to peneration ad thlee grim frgelnl of saertlal appearances or and their result were handled down until they veiled on men's minds anl became or clothed In the habiliments of reality, pre xl renting themrlces al infallible articlrs of flesh and blood. - In CI?APTEII IV. of It hu alreadj-been stated that when an Edward Trenoweth took charge of the mine ad he at once itaroduced an improved system of wgktrae. lly deeper alnking he felt justilled In he ieving that he would be able to follow thle rich Indu lurlher seawards with perfect tlfety. In years gone by drives had been puf in uentwardI ns far as It was deemed prudent, olt a littue poirtin of the lode which wera Lhe riclhet in the mine had to be left an. workedr through fear of the sea breaking r through. When. therefore, Trenowetb put the west ern ihairftl down a I:undred feet and made a survey. hire rtelalated thalt Ie could drive a long diratrtacu urnder the Core without fear rrt a rest, . Trl:i Ilh nrl to work to do with energy, and hisia entrprlse was soon rewarded. lie Iared a eonsaidertabl portion of the b lode atn I tle returns it gave were richer tilhrr tlrhl rIlrestt miner in the Wheal Merlin iculd tlrlelll rei. In t,.t, it Ilmolrlt seemed as it fortune were aboult to Mlutia once again upon the Trenriwetl fIamily, and Edward felt proud to trlilkr tihat ere long he would be in a prritiinc to oft Inellrt a home worthy of the r girl ld idlolized. It should hie amil that these two younga lpeepl, growing up together, had come to love ech ollther, arrl the villagers regarded it as a matter ofl course that some day threy *,,ui malrry. The choice for either Ed -ard lr In at lua cl I Ilace as St. Co lurmb's Cove, was, it is almost needless to stry,l rtrcur ly lilnitel, and to some extent t this factr uay ncccount for the mutual affec. Lion which iha I gron up between them. As the lrde turned outi so well Edward Iut la many men to work as could do arso ctovenriently, anrd the drives were spor cun. ridcrably extendeld. As tile upper workings ulpronahed the e athey were abandoned and all the opera tralns wre crarllneli t tite loweat level. Ilnrrla atLer monrtl succeasful weorak war rp' c rrd oL tiis drive, and It iso well re artde tlle rwner tirla the almost extinct haiit of St. Columbt began to Iarosper. .\ a:iid Slt of boom hadl set in, and it only n ,Ir a et few colonial " syndicators " .nold rerlrrcltirts to have rstahlished a feet. Itr city in thlr venerable place. In 100L hll. pItoelerty of tile mine was at ilts h ir t, inr. lI the Trenrweit family were conreirrtrd to beti n the hiigh road to wealth. In N rvnemler of that year E Iward mah. a survey of tl ti lower western drive, and he clrulal?lI that it xternled fully one hun. dred yarde under tihet trve. lli intelntr war to Cantinue thie work. rnge i Ito.l outer edgae of the Cove andl the dlrrcortnue. I'ru fence dlclattdrl It himn that once the open ocean was rrearihrd it would not be ,ate dlrte, altrrnUrh the level might tit far bhlIrw tif, se boIttom. lie knhwrn the Cre, ullicienlly to under. ntandl that tile erot?,t.le hIrratlng of tire Atlialti rollers on the ironlbound cluotr corruil not fail, alter ages of lffort, to honey. lllllomb te -cilTa. in pr'e's Wcrl'etrsil etralt erxiterd litrtrre wou-t thui fle worn ton great dlepth, and t"{ brle It a iuch a place world he to ivlt, Ir:.lr, the Coru the cose waS, of cuures rIr rrent. Shlrltr*redi frm tier ifury and force of Ith eroing waves tile weight of tlhe water anbvre the drive wA r the maina point to be cune dered, . A leIa?t that wats tile iew wIi+ch Erilar irtrnaw.th trrerk, and it war one WcIcI t arm.l be ia.trrid Iry torrrlrt xpertt. rAs Coirtremar time: approacihed Trenoweti ,ov let ito elIrl th r nrr ti ry l,Ž rr yie it a way arthy or f hil ntI,,?Jar.. -ar Ile hlo;rd r:..n I t lo id.le tier fo?t dying year. for wealth And iaipiirila rrtel plrled their lhetlnlln on him sinceil! the pr.vioie tl riel in,. hlos JItplr t-romis,.,I to be haie wife, and lIrte \Wlrelal M:rrln h.l grrclt up some of its tirrieir l trltarre t him. 1 waIr hapiy anrl he desired that tlre o,,ri valla.gers shaI ll share Ilia joy in some Oa trhe LOh of D crrlrirher lorris Jones. theIrr utllrcrounld brore--ms the posilion rs colourally trllel--mcr Edward near the main shafit, anrl lpoke tor him SThere is a glod delal of water doming up front tV'e buttoru of the wet drive, sir, near the endl." " From the bottom?" Edward queried in surprise. "I will gdown anitnd have a look t it. You must hanre struck a spring, surely l' "It is a Sprinrg u salt water, then, sir," Jones replherl. Wrthout further conversation the two men went below, and thence along the western drive. About four feet from the face Trenoweth surs enough saw a rsmall spring of water bubbling up from the floor of the drive. \th the aild oat tihe flickering lights he made a careful examination of the drive In the vicinity, but there was nothing to cause alarm. The roof of the drive was remark. ably dry, and ft wam there that Edward larkedl Ir deaprr. T.e men warking at the face seemed a bit uneasy at first, but alter Trenoweth's examination and his emphatic elatement that there was no danger to be apprehended they were rea.suured. Aa he turned to go bhak Edward stooped to examine the sreange, babbling spray. It did not seem to be increasing in geo and tire force was not considerable, s con cluding that it was only the outles of a small natural cistern he went back again to tre surface. About noon on the 23rd of December the Trcnowetha saw Jones coming to the bouse, where he had been during the morning nassiting in the preparations for the Christ. mar festivities. Ines Jasper was with hi., and Edward looked the picture of radianl happiness as he came oun to meet the foreman. "Yhat's the matter now, Morrie?" he laked. " Well, sir, the men mo the west are be. ginning to get afeared. They say thbre is danger ahead. The night bhilf told me this morning that they heard queer noises, and thl ftool, Jack Pengelly, swears he saw strange figures staoding at the entrance of the west drive and pointing down It." "Of oturce." laughed Tranoweth, " we mUsta t blame the poor fellow for that. oSuch euperstition has been born In him. But ifi you tbhink there i any danger," the continued, anDlanly, "We must bringthe men up at once."' *I don't hnow wrhst to maske olf It, sir,' replied Jones. " iometimes I think there is no danger, and then again I dn't feel sure of it. That spring is titll rtnning, and stronger than befare-but It is not that I am afraid of. Thre ie oculonallyalueer ring in the face of the drive near thi lode and it left alone for a fewar minutes small pr.ce scale off without apparent cucase: It Is algettl g mauch wetter t and, In tat. the -yhole Itag Is seepin.'. (min s term /~ar 