THE STORY-TELLER. JACK CONWAY'S BUNYIP. [By WandererJ "ITow'b tlie treasury, Jack?" asked | Jimmy Trcdeimiek, shifting back into the shade as the sun shortened the shadow cast! by the sandalwood under which lie sat. i Jack Conway, better known as "Dublin," ! took his iiijie from his lips and expectorated j viciously at a huge bull ant, which having j been twice repulsed, was making a third at- j tempt to drive him (Dublin) into the next district. 'J lien, having discomfited his ad versary for 1 lie time being, Jack proceeded to turn out his pockets, so as to afford a j practical answer to the momentous ques tion. "Two, four, six, eight, 3'ye just got eleven bob left," said he, spreading out the silver coins ou his palm. _ "Neither of you blokes has any at all, eh?" Our silence only served to confirm Jack's assertion. We were "stony"—dead broke. "It's not much to cany three men 150 miles," proceeded "Dublin," twisting the coins into every conceivable pattern, as though there might be a possibility of thus increasing their number, "but 1 suppose We'll manage somehow. Ry the Great Horn Spoon! it's a bit o' bad luck that three dandy young shavers like us should be forced to waltze Matilda," i.e., carry our •—swags, "'through this God-forgotten scrub on a Christinas Eve. Eve a good mind to turn back. Surely we could knock out a few days' tucker in the township, to see us over Christmas. Roth of you can sing a decent song, an' there's no man in the j country can 'do' me on the accordcon. What d'ye say? Shall we go back and make a try?" ... .1 "No turning back for me," cried I. "Ed sooner walk to the Aramac on a pannikin of flour than ask that push in 1'iue Hill for anything. They got my bit, and they j knew I was stiff, yet not one of them as j much as offered me half-a-crowii to help | me oil the road. You can go back if you like, but Jimmy and I. mean pushing on, i eh, Jim?" Tredeunkk, a man of very few words, I grunted an uncompromising assent. "Dub lin," seeing he was in the minority, gave j way at once, like the good-hearted Irish man he was, and springing to his feet, ; shouldered his swag, saying:— • "Gome on then. We've 10 mile 01 tins infernal scnili before us, and it's gone mid day. We'll just manage to make the pub. at the Bend about sundown; an' very likely there'll be a mob there for Christmas. If there is, we're right for tucker and a drop of beer. That new comic song of yours, Tom, ought to fetch 'em like water." "We can try at any rate," I replied, set tling my unfamiliar burden in as comfort able a position as possible. "I've heard Neylor's a very decent sort of a publican, and 1 don't think he'd let any swaginan pass his house on an occasion like this. He'd have no luck for the next twelve months if he did." A pause for a final sip out of the water bag; then we set our faces towards the west, and plodded sturdily on. Heavens! How time (lies. As 1 sit here now with the memories of those youthful days crowding thick upon me, 1 can scarcely believe that nearly twenty years have slipped by since that memorable Christmas live. Jfc is «nlj when I rouse myself .and take cognisance ot the many evidences of time's ravages—the withered muscles, the grizzled hair, the heavy, lifeless step that once was light and free as air. that can- realize the truth; realize bow different in every way is the careworn man of to-day, sitting amidst a Jiaalbee <>f wrecked ideals, from the joyous, high-spirited boy of those bygone days. Yet "What is the use of repining?" as the old bush song savs. No one can help growing old; and. as for the shattered ideals—well, ■they are mostly of one's own breaking. Self-pity is a dangerous thing. There are so few who are really justified in giving way to it. Most of us deliberately set ourselves to knock down the fair edifice which Tor tune tries to build for us. What pity do wt desei-ve, then, either from ourselves or any one else, if during thg evening of our days we are compelled to live in a cell, rudely end laboriously erected out of the debris of our lordly mau.sion? Let me get hack to the scrub. We three youngsters had foregathered.in Pine Hill alKiiit. a week before Christmas, drawn together by the similarity of our un fortunate positions. 3tly jiovcrty was due was due to loss of horses, &e.;, in the drought which had just broken up; lii.v mates had been on a small spree in the township. No doubt we could have ro mhined in Pine Hill over Christmas Day if we had chosen to abase ourselves by ask ing for accommodation "on the nod," but neither of us was built that way. We pre ferred to shoulder our swags and walk to whei-e we had a. chance of getting employ ment. "Dublin" had a few shillings left out of his cheque, which, with the true Irishman's liberality, he insisted on using for the general benefit. He it was who had bought our modest supplies of flour, tea, and sugar; for meat we had to trust to the chances of the road. It was a dreary track, too, that old road from Pine H ill to the Aram lac. Kunniiig through desert coun try all the way, with only four or five houses along its ISO miles of sand and spini fex, a traveller might readily go short of rations jf lie had not the luck to fall in ■with some of the carriera who were con tinually coming and going to the railway and back again to the interior. Only that thjs story has nothing to do with our hard ships on the track, I could tell of some privations we endured which would open city folks' eyes. Let them pass, however; they are, liBppily, forgotten. Thirty miles froui Pine Hill, past Beau fort Cattle Station, and on through the big semb that runs for over 100 miles along the Belyando Biver, there is a wayside puib. standing right on the bank of Com panion Creek. As the creek at that point contained a Jong and deep waterhole which w as never known to ran dry, however j severe the' drought, the flat in front of the ' pub was a favourite camping-ground for : carriers—indeed, it was owing to this fact 1 that John Neylor, /himself a retired team-1 ster, built the rough but comfortable edi-' fice which gloried in the name of the Coni- j panion Hotel. We had walked steadily i from Pine Hill to tlie edge of the big scrub, where we bad called a halt and boiled our billy; and here it was ! that the conversation had taken place with j which my tale opens. i "Lord! isn't this heat awful? ' groaned poor Treden.niek—lie had not spent ma'iy ■ summers in Queensland—swabbing tlie per- | spirntion from his brow. _ "Man alive! this is notiiiii' al ail, at all! cried 'Dublin.' "Wait till ye get out into j the Gulf country. There's only a sheet of i tissue paper between Normantoii an'—you j know where. This is nice seasonable wea- j ther." (It was about 115 deg. in tlie shade, and 'Dublin' himself was visibly melting). "You've never been in Tvomianton, j .Tack," I broke in, "so, how do you know i how hoi the climate is? l'Vir that matter, you've not tried the other place you men tioned, either. I know I do-n't want it J auv hot tor than this." _ j "We'll have a swim in the liig hole when ! we reach the Bend." replied .Tack, ignoring m.v lb nisi. "Step it out lads! Only about twelve more miles. What's tiliat to us? Only a fleabite! T often walked fifty miles in a day in ould Ireland!" Tie was a merry devil, was "Dublin.'' Un der the influence of his never flagging cheer fulness we made excellent headway, al though, lretweeu the beat and the sand, walking became wearisome iu the extreme. "There's the pub!" exclaimed .Tack, as we came out on a nicely-timbered flat, leaving scrub and sand behind us for a while. "By jaliers! look at the wagons! Iiurroo! there must be thirty or forty teams camped here. We're right now, hoys, for our Christmas divarsilmn, after all." Jack had underestimated, if anything, the number of wagons. They were dotted | about all over the flat, some with their high loads of wool, showing that their des tination was the township we had just left; others loaded with flour, wire, grog, and many different kinds of merchandise, ■were on their way westward. Here and there a fire was blazing, but tlie great ma j jority of tlie wagons were deserted, their owners having mustered in full force at tlie pub. As we approached the low- bark roofed building, sounds of j-evelry were hoi lie to our ears oil the evening breeze, and when we walked up to the door and threw our swags to the ground, we were greeted with a boisterous about of welcome. ''Plowed if it ain't 'Dublin,' " yelled a huge, red-bearded giant of a man, rushing forward and seizing Jack's hand. "We're set up now, all right. We was jist wonder in' where we'd git the musicianer. Keylor's got a flutina, but devil a soul in the camp kin play it. It's al) right now, though. My word, we're in luck. Here, come an' wash the dust out o' your neck, an' bring yer mates wi" ye. Any friend o' vour's, Jack, i's us'welcome as tlie flowers hi May. Come oil, all yous blokes; I'm doin' it. lloll u]i! Boil up!" "'We've dropped _ on our feet, Tom," whispered "Dublin," as we filed into tlie bar 111 response to the big man's invita tion. "That's George Gilchrist who's shoutin'. You've heard of him? 1 met him last year in Araniac. A real decent chap. Oil, ghost, here's a lot more 1 know," and the.next minute he was in the centre of an excited crowd, who all wanted to shake hands with them at once, while "Dublin, old sport!" "Give us yer Dipper, .lack!" "How's all yer four bones, old brusher?" yelled in stentorian tones by many of the new-comers, showed that my mate's good fellowship and his abilities as a musician were known far and wide, and ensured him a hearty welcome wherever he went. What an evening we had, to be sure. J have spent some merry Ohrisltnas Eves, both before and since, but never one which 1 enjoyed more. True, the company was rough, and the surroundings rougher still, but what of thai? Under each rugged ex terior beat a heart as true as steel; each horny hand stretched forth in Christ-mas greeting carried in its vice-like grip an as surance of warmth and sincerity, such as is too often entirely lacking in fashionable as semblages, and if our beverage was only common beer, I'll warrant the toasts drunk in it, and the sentiments it inspired, were more heartfelt, and generous than ever dry A'ionopole aroused 111 bosoms covered by immaculate shirlfront and faultless even ing dress. After' tea forms and chairs were carried out in front of the house, and a hollow square foiViued, in the centre of which "Dub lin" was enthroned,. pi]»e in mouth, and flutina in hand. What dances we danced, and what songs we sang—songs with rollick ing choruses that rolled away down the leafy forest aisles, scaring the timid kanga roo, and drawing remonstrating howls "from far-off packs of dingoes. Ah, it was a irght to treasure in one's memory! the soft white moonlight toning down and idealizing the wildness of the scene, even turning into a halo the unkempt, shaggy locks which crowned George Gilchrist's leonine front, as he eat bare-headed and silent, drinking in the sweet old melody of "Home, Sweet Home" us "Dublin" sang it with a tender pathos surely bom of that "very witching hour." All good things must have an end, and our party was not superior to the common lot. By ones and twos the circle of listeners melted away, some, doubtless fatigued by the exertion involved in helping to empty Neylor's last hogshead of ale, others bent on getting a few hours' sleep to fit them for to-morrow's revels. Gilchrist's wagon stood about 100 yards away, near the edge of the lug walerhole, and thither he betook him self after a final nip with Jack and myself. l*ooj" Trcdcunick bad long since fallen a; victim to hospitality, and was snoring hap pily on the verandah. " ■< "I think I'll go and have a swim, Tom," said "Dublin,-" after Gilchrist had left us. "The water 'II be lovely and cool now- Will you come?" "No, not till the morning," I replied. *1 don't believe in bathing after swallowinjr, so uiucb beer. I'll wait till you come out. There"* a few men here yet who want to have a song. I'll sing for them while you|re away." "ItighI you are," replied my mate, and in a fen- minutes i saw him walking creek wards, carrying a towel. 1 was just about to strike into a comic ditty for -the few staunch revellers who re mained when Gilchrist came bounding into our midst, bis eyes starting almost out of his head, and his whole appearance that of a man who had received some fearful shock, "By all that's holy! I've just seeii the bunyip," he cried, his voice trembling with agitation. "Listen! By the 'tarnal, there it is again!" A long, agonized wail came from the direction of the creek, and we all sprang to our feet and gazed at each other in aweslrickeii silence. Then I remembered "Dublin's" swim, and almost burst out laughing. "What was it like, George?" 'asked one of the others. ''The most awful lookin' tiling T ever see," replied Gilchrist. "1 was goin' down to get a billy of water when I heard some thin' sjilash into the hole from the oppo site bank, an' wlien I looked—by crumbs, J won't get over it in a hurry. There it was bobbin' up an' down wavin' four or five long arms, great tails o' black litair hangin' over its face, and keepin' up the terriblest moaniu' an' wailin' as ever X heard in my life. I've often laughed at blokes what said they seen the liunyip. but I'll have more sense in future. They riay the man that sees it never lives the year out. Come on men an' have a look for'yer selves. I'm scared to face the thing liv my self." It was true, loo. The giant was shaking and trembling like a schoolboy going to he flogged. Nothing earthly could have m'ade him blanch, hut when it came to the supernatural he wilted. Away we went towards the creek, I nearly choking with suppressed laughter, lint determined to carry the joke out a little further. That came near being a fatal determination of mine. "There it is! yonder, in the shadow of the other bank!" whispered Gilchrist, as we reached a point from which the water was visible. "Hold on a minute, I'll see what it's made of directly." He hurried away towards his wagon as Vie spoke, while we others peered into the shadow where we could just see a still darker object in'- ving slowly along, leaving a ripple on the water as it went. "1 wonder what it is?" ejaculated one of my companions. "We'll soon know whe ther it's a spirit oj not. George doesn't often miss anything lie tires at." Aly eye followed the direction ol his glance as lie spoke, and the sight I saw turned me to stone for a second. There stood Gilchrist, not twenty yards away, his feet planted widely anart, and n Win chester repeating rifle at his shoulder. I was afraid to call out lest he might shoot the quicker. The next instant I picked up a heavy niece of wood about a yard in length, and curved something like a boome rang. and fhir.n- it with all my strength at the levelled rifle. Crash! hang! The two sounds came almost simultaneously, but, thank Cod. the stick was in time. Gil christ wheeled round w;th a fierce oath, and demanded what I meant. Co unstrung were my nerves by the imminence of the danger from which ' Dublin" had so narrowly es caped, thai 1 could only falter nut some incoherent, sentences, in which "Dublin,'' "joke." and ''bunvip" were inextricably en tangled: in hicl. .lack himself was the first to dear np the mystery by shouting from the depths of (lie pool, in tones that 110 one who had ever heard his voice could mistake. "You blitlmrin' idiot, who at ye shoot.in' at? D'ye think T came all the w>v from Ireland to make a target for you? Ye hulk in' banana -chewer." Poor Gilchrist: was in a great way wlmn lie learned who his "bunyin" was, and the chaff which he had to stand during the next week was sufficient to drive any ordi nary man to drink. As for "Dublin," al though he has since "played many parts," T am quite certain he has never again at tempted to personate that fabled deni7.cn of our lakes and rivers,—the buuyip. 