THE VOICE IN THE WILD OAK. . Written in tho shadow of 1872. Twolvo years ago, whon I could faco High hcavon's dome with different oyes— f In days full-flowored with hours of gruco, And nights not sad with stabs— ; V I wrote a song hi which I strovo To shadow forth thy strain of woe, : Dark wldowod sister of the grove— . Twolve wostod years ago. But youth. was then too young to find ; THobo high nuthentio syllables, Whoso voice is llko tho wintering wind By sunless mountain fells ; Norihad I sinned and suffered then . . 8q that superlative degree ' That I would rather 6eek, than mon, , Wild fellowship with theo.. But ho who hears this autumn day , Tby more than deep autumnal rhyme, , ; Is one whose hair was shot with gray By Grief instead of Time. Ho has no need like many a hard, To Ring immaginaiw pain, Because ho bears, ami finds it hard, >Tho puhishriient of Cain., . No more ho boom tho' afiluence Whloh-mnkes the lieurt of Nature glad ; .For hu has lost tho line first sense Of Beauty that ho had. v /' The old dclight God'H happy hrepzo Was wont to give, to Grief hasi grown ; And therefore, Nioho of trees. . - jiib Aung is iiho mine own. Rut I, who am that perished soul, Have wasted so theRo powers of mine, That I can never write that whole, Puro, porfoot speech of thiiio. : . Some lord of words august, supreme, w - The. grave, grand melody demands ; The dark translation of thy theme «£. ' 1 Icavo to other hands. Yet hero, where plovers nightly call . Across dim melancholy ions— Whore come by whistling fan and fall . Tbo monn of far-off seas — A gray old Fanoy often sits Beneath thy shade with tired winas. And fills thy Rlrong, strange rhjmo by fits \- .With awful Utterings. .Then timosfhoro are when all tho words Arohko tho scnteneos of one , Shut in by fnlu from wind and birds And light of stars and sun 1 No dazzling dryad, but a dark . Droain.banntod shlrit doomed to ba t y . Imprisoned, orampt in hands of bark, . For nil eternity. / -Yea, like tbeepeeoh of one aghast -.- . . At Immortality in chains, :! What time tho lordly storm rides past : WUh flame And arrowy rains : Some wan'TIthonusof the wood, AVhlto with immeasurable years— An awful ghost in solitude With moaning moors and meres I Anf when high (hander .smites the hill ; ; ' . And hunts tho wild dog to his den, Thy orlos, like maJediotions, shrill . And shriek from jglen toggles, '-'As if A frightful Thy soul for some Infernal orlmo : That left it blasted, blind, and strlpt — A dread to Death and Time 1 But when tho fatr-halrcd August dies, And Uewera wax strong and beautiful, Thy sougs are stalely harmonies By wood-lights green and eool. Most like the voice of one who shows - Through sufferings fierce, In fine relief, A noble pationco and repose— A dignity in grleL . »- But, nil 1 conceptions f(ule away, And still the life that lives In thee — Tho soul of thy majcptlo'lay— Remains a mystery I And he must speak the speech divine — The languago of tho mgh-thronod lords— Who'd givo that grand old thc'mo of tbino Its sense in faultless words. - By hollow lands and sea-tracts harsh, WUh ruin of tho fourfold gale, Whore sighs the sedge and sobs tho marsh. Still wall thy lonely wall; . And, yen' by yoar, ono step will break Tb« si op of far-hill-fol«lcd streams, And'scoi , if only for thy sako, Thv I flmn nf man?' dreams. - —Henry Kendall. 