THE BATHURST SYNOD. Dobbo, Wednesday. The third session of the Ninth Synod i of the Diocose of Bathurst was opened yesterday. Tho business of the Synod commenced at 11 o'clock. Prayers were read by the president, Dr. Camidge, ' Bishcp of Bathurst. Twenty-four cleri cal and Hi! lay representatives wero pre sent. The officers elected were : — Canon Young, secretary ; Rov. F. G. Nield, lay secretary ; Mr. J. Uutberlorcl, trea surer ; Hon. T. H. Cox, chairman of committees. Tho members of the pre vious Canon' of Triors were re-elected. The repot la of the diocesau. council on religious instruction in Public and pri vate schoo's, Bathurst bishopric endow ment fund, clarjy juperauuation hoard, clergy training f ind, and the Now Guinea Mission were laid on the table. Archdeacon Campbell moved — ' That in tho opinion of this synod it is desir able to raisa a church fund in celebration of the opening of tho 20th century, for the further ondowment of the Bathurst Diocesan Society. That contributions to tbis^fund be spread ovor the years, 189!), '1900, and 1901, and that it bo suggested that during that period ot three years amounts wying from £G to 63 be solicited from every member of the Church of Englond in the diocese.' iUe Society tor tne rromotion ot unris tiau Knowledge had promised £500, conditional on tno collection ot ±.jlouu for the above object by 1902. The motion was seconded by the Hon, G. H. Cox, and carried. A subscrip tion, list was opened in the room. ?There was £83u promised in cluding £100 by the Bishop on behalf of himself and Mrs. Camidge. A canon to authorise the sale of school property at Bathurst was carried through all its stages. Despjte Dean Marriott's vig orous protests the syuod refused to allow the proceeds to be applied either to tho reduction of tho bank overdraft or to the renovation ot tho cathedral building. The Bishop delivered his pastoral charge to the synod in the Holy Trinity Church last night to a crowded congregation. This Bishop's Address. The Bishop commenced his address by pointing out that, living as we did in stirring times, he l'elt it was tho bounden duty of a bishop to endearor to the very best of his power «nd ability, not merely to uphold tho rightful position of his Churcb, but to instruct its members in their duties, privileges, and responsibili ties, and thus stimulate theu to fresh effort and moro earncpt zeal, Ho there fore proposed first of all to doal with the two words, Catholic and Protestant-, In treating the first he referred to its earliost UBe, A.y. 110(accordi.ng to Bishop Light foot). as an epithet of the Church, by S. Ignatius, in tho Epistle to tho Smyrmoans. Tho Bishop made reference to its other uses in several centuries, and noted how religious bodies valued it, but ho said : — ' We must be quite sure that we use it rightly. What S. Ignatius meant by the Catholic Churchis quite clear. Hede fined anddescribed it, and there is no evad ing theforca of his words. Webavo seen how the word- gradually passed through various stages in the course of centuries, from an adjective to a substantive, now taken sometimes to describe tho individual and sometimes tha Church, but its teach ing and significance is throughout the same. The Holy Sacrament of Baptism duly and properly administered, ?matter' and 'words,' i.e., water and the invocation of the Sacred Trinity being usod makes a man, through the operation of tho Holy Ghost, a Catholic. Whilst, therefore, bnptism admits into tho Catholic Church, the maintenance and nurture of Catholicity is equally neces sary, and is fully provided for by the Church to which the faithful churchman gives his loving obedience, recognising himself (although he is careful to pass no judgment upon others) that this is the way by means of which his obedience s perfected, and thus becomes obcdienco to nnd commuuion wi'Ji the great Head of the Church, the Lord Jesus Christ Himself, the fons etorigo of Catholicity.' The next word he referred to was Protost ant.' The word itself is'au old one, as it occurs in the Vulgate, 2 Cnron., x.\iv , 19, the prophets who protested asainet the idolatries of Judab and Jerusalem were thus early designated ? protf-stant2.' This word, I need hardly say, is derived .from two Latin words — pro, openly ; testati, to bear witness. It came iu lo use soon after the yenr lo2(j (about three jefirBJt wiiuh Ui fjustuu decrees favorab'c to- Lntheranism, hut three yean aftrr this, in Ia29, at another Djet the Emperor revoked these decree?. Thereupon the Lutherous entered a for mal protest against the Einperot's edict, and thus obtained the name of Protes tants. In 1079 the King said 'He would defend with his life both the Pro testant religion and the laws of his king dom.' James II. says to his Privy Council, and also repeats in Parliament, that b9 ' will defend and support tho principles of tho Church of England,' but this solemn assurance is soon for gotten. His Lordship then traced the his tory of tho word Protestant through the reigns of James II and Wi'liam of Orange. Tho Bishop next proceeded- lo show that whilst the Church of England did not claim for herself the title of Profeslanl, sho did look upon herself as Catholic, and in proof of this roferrod lo tho Book of Common Prayer. He then proceeded to show that tho claim wa-j well founded, and referred to Ads ii. I I for the defi nition of Catholicity. As to the Apos tles' doctrine. 'This,' the Bishop sa:d, ?' vve 'distinctly assert the Chnrch of | England, as the 'testis el conservatrix' i (witness ana ireepet ) uns tniuiiniiy main tained. Tho mere fact thaf sho has re tained the threo great creeds, and re quires them to be recited in her services, is' sufficient evidence. Add to this the baptismal service, the visitation of the sick, the solemn questions addressed to the deacon ere ho is advanced to the priesthood ; all aliko testify lo thifc.' The fellowship of the Apostles was next refer it I to, and then ' Iho breaking oT bread' and ' the praycre,' ou all which points tho Catholicity of the Church of Enslnml was quite clear, j On the motion of Mr. G. H. Cox' I M.L.C., it was decided to present a re- | port of wclcome to Lord Beauehamp. A motion with regard to tho solemn isation of the marriage of clergymen iu the diooeso was withdrawn on the strong solicitation of the Bishop, who re ferred to the decision of the Aus tralian Bishops on the subject. When the report of tho clorgy superannuation board was pro posed, Archdeacon Campbell pro posed that tho Synod should sanction the passing of a special canon on the subject of superannuation before rising. After some opposition tho motion was carried, and n canon was drawn up and passed through all its stages enabling the clergy of the diocese to join tho Sydney superannuation fund, on the mission fund to that purpose. — Cnllod from 'Herald' and 'Daily Telegraph.' Dubbo, Later. Tho annual mooting of the Diocesan Synod was hold to-night, and was largely attended, the Bishop presiding. Canon Young read tho report and balance sheet. The year was commenced with a credit balance of £232 19s.- 2d., and the virtual balance now was £249 9s. lid., or £10 10s. 9d. more than last year. The negotiations pending at the last annua' meeting for the placing of £1225 of tho endowment fund on mort gage on property at Dapto had been completed and the first year's interest paid. Tho Colonial ami Continental Society's grant of £250 (without which five of the parishes could scarcely exist) was continued. Tho adoption of the report was moved by Archdeacon Campbell, seconded by Rev. F. G. Nield, and carried. Hon. G. H. Cox moved that the com mitteo l'or the year be : Hon. G. Lee, N. J. Suttor, G. J. Smith, A. J. Dowse, A. McGuinness, W. Cornwell, A, E. Ivatt, F. W. Wildman, W. Richardson, J. B, Dulhunty, A. E, Reading, W. H. Ashworth, Dr. Hurst, J. Rutherford, A. Lisle, I. M. Sloman, J. J. Copeman, W. B. Howell, and all clergymen licensed iu the diocese. Mr. E. J. Lowo seconded, and the motion was carried. On tho motion of Archdeacon Wilson, seconded by Mr. C. H. Fitz- Gerald, votes of thanks were passed to tho officers oE the Society. Tho singing of tho 100th Hymn con- 1 eluded the proceedings. 