CHAPTER II. W'E continued from time to time to pass each other on tho stairs, at, first eilently, hut nft»»r wards with a murmured " good morning " or " goad evening.1' 1 I was basbfnl to exoesn in rhoso dayg : added to which I was, as I have nuggested, a littli* doubtful of my neighbour, flometimttt when m- ,»ui, niic would draw wide to lot me pas*, and fttand looking ut t*r with rug-inch eyes, while I coloured up to the cars and answered lim1 cureless greeting. Lonely Ji.s I wan, Lhose meetings *oon became a pleiiKiiut break in my life'a monotony, ami ofteu when I heard iny neighbour amending I would ulip downstair* ioi tho mere pleasure'of passing her. Who was sheP What was her name, and what her occupation f These were the ques* don* I began to ask niywlf, and to put to the tempestuouH maid of all work, who could give me very little information. Gradually, however, I discovered what I wished to know, ; Her name was *' Miss Coatello," and she wan engaged in Home capacity or other at one I of the Strand theatre*. T nonsuited a pro gramme of the theatre in question, but her name was not tiiere. A few nights later, however, us I sat in the back row of the pit, listening to the inanities of a Cockney bill-Jerque, Z saw, atuong a. group of ** utility ladies, dressed in trunks and tight*, the face and form I nought—those of my wpriglitly fellow* lodger. Our cyee met, und I fancy alio recognised uie, for she tittered and said something to oue of bur companion*. I »hh relieved, pleaded even, to ihtd thai she was an artist of somo feorl. Though her name was not even mentioned in the playbill, the manager had giyen her about two lines to apeak, and I ain bound to add that she epoke them abominably. 1 was enabled now for the first time to take a good look at her, und I was surprised to i»ee how pretty who looked in her scanty costume. Shu wan Might and delicately formed, with dainty hands and feet, atid j feature* alive with youth and good huuipur. ! From that time forward 1 became a frequent visitor to tho theatre, and my interest in M Mi"8 Costello " continued to grow. Do not run away with the notion that I wan falling in love! My feeling, feo far as £ can reuuinber, was one of pure friendship and human sympathy—there was a sense of , companionship in loosing ut and listening to i my fellow-lodger, though we were still j almost Btrangera. * Late one »ight, however, aa I was climbing gnrretward after a lonely stroll in the moonlit «treets, t came face to face with her dose to ; her own i-ooms. She-had evidently just com© . in, ntid was lighting a candle at a gas jet on ; the landing. She smiled and nodded, and I was passing ou when she called mo back. "I na\v you in the front row of the pit last night,'' she mid, graciously. "Yes," I replied, "I had been there." She tittered, and I felt horribly bashful and uncomfortable. The door of her sitting room was open, and glancing through it I saw a shabby little chamber, with a oloth laid fur supper, whioh consisted of bread and cheese ana a glass of London porter. She followed wy^lance, amiled again, and led the way into the room. Scarcely knowing what I whs about, 1 stood on the threshold hesitat ing. / 44 Oome in and sitdown," she said, " tinleas you're tired and want to get to bed." I assured hoi- that I was not at all tired and that I seldom retired to rest till the small bourn in the morning, •'Bad boy!" aheazuwered. " What makes you sit up so late?" Then before I oould reply *he added, 41 You needn't put down yunr pipe; you can smoke while I eat my supper. As she spoke she threw oft her hat and jacket, and waved me to a chair. I oat down speechless and gazed at her while she began, still standing, to eat the bread and cheese and sip the porter. " How long have you been living here?" ahe asked after u puuse, and when I told her I had been there about a year she looked at me thoughtfully and inquired, " What do you doP I mean, what are yon P" * "lam an author I" I replied, somewhat proudly. "A whatP" 41 An author!" I repeated. , 2%^ statement appeared to astound and puezle her, and she looked me from head to loot with evident surprise; then her' face brightened, and she laughed aload. 110 Lord 1" she exclaimed, biting through a crust with her white teeth, and shrugging her shoulders. * • Perhaps you don't understand what I mean P" I said, annoyed at her want of respect for my vocation. She t&rugrged; her shoulders again, pnd took »sip at the porter, then lookiug attue slyly over the edge of the glass she smiled and observed: 4'Oh, I 'understand well enough. What do you write P Articles, stories, newspaper stuff P" "Anything," I replied; "you see,I'm only a beginner, and it's hard work before one is known. However, I'm determined to get on, and if I don't it wou't be mvfault I" Then, having found my tongue, jjbtoanrtb. feel at iny ease, and proooedw^wj⁢' only found out the other day thaVyuT^M" an actress. I thought once of goings 'on the stage myself. Do you like aotingP " Pretty well," was the reply. " All my people are in tho profession, and I've got to like St. Father was a scene painter down iu Plymouth; he died there, ana so did mother. I came to London with my sister two yearn ago, and we west on as extras at Drury Lane." " Whore is your sister now ?" I asked. To my surprise my neighbour'* foee dark* cued; and without making any reply, she bogati humming a popular tune, and walking over to the firenlacc glanced at herself in a broken mirror above the mantelpiece. **6o you live here all alone P I inquired. "That's about it," she replied. 141 got thirty shillings u week, and the rooms coat me twelve. I used to have one of the girls to live with tne; but she was too fast to auit me, and we didn't get ou. My name Isn't Oostello, that's ray stage *iame; jny real name is Smith—Fanny Smith. What'* yours f" I told her, and to my surprise she laughed merrily. "They've got another name for you at the theatre," she said. " They call you * Curly;' and they think you're my sweetheart." H*r manner was 6o frank, and free of artiere ptmec, and her mirth at the idea so cmit&giou;*, that 1 found myself laughing also, although I father rerouted the descrip tive and not too respectful nickname her friends had given me. The iee once broken, I foon found myself talking freely and quite' unrestrainedly to my new friend, I tola her I -i 4%.> ..;*UUg4<at IjwAvVl'I',_ J .'xiivinily of my privatious). hinted at my ■ • and spok«%, in short. as I had not I , .iL ,< it.i nHiiy a tliy t<» any hunmn soul. J , \\.J |ii.Iiit jip'tly !»««' tfn-tv "Tiivi'i I i ;u,d <rr.iV4'i-: hut Maidenly in l-h.* mid^t of un j i iBi;f Hph Mi ark twelve, and the clocks in . I 1 Hitirouiidin^ streets began to chime in I j ■ Trti'Ivi* uVli'di." she wild, yawning, ami J I M-'U!i»nr out. her hand. tl Time for bye-bye !** j 'Mined nighl, Mi** (JnHhdlo," I ivplii-^ nlmkintf Jut hand s<ud pi»«»in;r Ui the door. i '* Funny's my name," she cried, M5f ^•atello'e nil rubbish! Good ntjrht." So I left ii'-r, and betook myself to in,* >|Udrfor«s cm (iii> floor almvc. After that occasionally, though nut i so frequently as wo ir.if.rht have done had my friend bran lens busy ; for they wer< preparing a new pieee at Iter theatre, and sh< bad rather a Jonuer part than ukuuI, and w. much occupied wfrh jJiypHr.'ifianN and <■<» stant rehearsals. Sometimes she bad com pany ; not always of herown flex, And I con1 hear the piuno playing- tsli long after mi*" - night. Another circumMauce tended to Weep us apart, and inilwd fa) kepp me 1-0 a great extent to my own lonely quarters. At the very time of our first meeting things 1ih<1 been «t ti desperate pass with mo financially, andtliey were growing worse every day. The newr> Sapcr* and magazines seemed to have tnRde a ead set at last against my contributions, ami though I worked harder than ever it was hopeless labour. My few books, and such little perrtonul ornaments hh I possessed, bad {jono to the pawnbroker, and my wui-drobc was following piece by piece. The time seemed fast approaching* when I should have nothing nt all to wear ! Poor us I wan t wah very proud, and I took care that no one sus peetedmy desperate condition. In my brief f«i|ks with Fanny I poaed as rather a pros I pui'OKx person, and talked very largely nbouf my litorary prospect*. I do not know if she MUtfpeatfd the truth; if so she never alluded I to it, and moreover she was too full of her I uwu iiflrftir* to have much time to discus I mine. I Thus it happened, that aw the days went I on I Bnw Ioks and less of my little neighbour. I I knew that the now piece whs Muunewafully produced, and that she was praised for her performance in it; but I wan unable to visit I the theatre; being- practically n prisoner iu my own room. ' One dismal afternoon, late in December, I , was sitting all alone, wondering which pros pect was the drearier, my own wretched future or the wintry street beyond my | window. It wanted only a week to Christ mas, and the thought of the appro luhiug i holiday time only deepened my Reuse of | personal misery. Suddenly I heard a soft knock at my door, and before I could call out '.'Come in," the I door opened, and my neighbour appeared on the threshold. She looked fresh and ro»y, and wore her hat and cloak as if she had jus! come in from the street. 44 I say, is thtN for you P" she Raid. " I I found it downstairs in the lobby, and I I thought I would bring it up." ' In her h«nd she held a brown paper parcel | addreMed to me. I recognised it in it I moment, aud went red as fire. It was one I of my luckless manuscripts—a little two-act comedy, which had already been returned i contemptuously by more than one London i manager > " It1* all right, thank you," I stammered, taking the packet front her and placing it on , the table. " Yes. it*s for me/* I I tried to speak cheerfully, but in point nf I fact the return of this mKnusuript wan my | coup de grace. All my hopes had been built on it>* MWflptauoe. find I had been fondly , dreaming. , " Oh dear," cried Fanny, sympathetically. " I'm afraid I've brought you bad news !M I forced a laugh. "Not nt all,*' I Raid. "It's only ■ maniiKoript—something I wanted an opiniou about—and—and— She interrupted me again with a little cry. She was bending over the packet and reading the superscription. "Why, it's been to our theatre! Is it a playP Do you write playsp How funny?" 1 scarcely heard her, for it had snddeuly occurred to me that there might after all be a letter inside, and. I had operted the packet with trembling fingers, and found, folded in tlio mauuscipt, a half-sheet of note paper with the following lithographed menjo- j rasdum: 44 Mr. Isaacson presents bis compliments to Mi*, (here tny name was written in) and begs to return him the euclosed manuscript, which he Is unable touccept 2or produc tion With another hollow laugh I threw the paper on the table. Then 1 said loftily: " I sent it to the manager, never tfu'ukfug ■ for a moment that it would be of any use to him. He has gent it back quite politolv. that's all." "Who?" ■•Why, Mr. Isaacson—your manager. I d»n't suppose he has vend it." "You may bet '26.to I on that," returns! my neighbour. li He never reads anything except the sporting paper».f* "Oh, he'e thateort of man, ia he?" I eaid, carelessly. 4<Yes," she answered, nodding emphuji cally ; " aud a beast into the bargain JM I Without caring to nsk her how she oarac to , that conclusion, f. thought it' advisable to . change the subject. - - ''And howure you getting ouP" I asked 141 hear you've made quite a hit this time 1" •'Oh yes," she replied, " and I'm to have : a really good part in the extravaganza at Christmas—a good speaking part, and double salary. Why haven't you been to see me in 1 the new piece P" j I explained that I had been so terribly j busy—iiad my hands bo full of work, £c , but ! I would como all in good time, und I whb very ' glad she had been so successful. Ah I spoke ' her clear bright eycti watched mo attentively < and somewhat sadly. Presently she Raid : ! "Only last night I heard Isaacson twyiug Ito'd give his head for a new comedy. The present one won't go long, it's too slow. 1 suppose yours is clever P" I smiled, thinking in any heart that it rras very clever; but I explained with dignity that I had other viow* for it, and that I was in communication respecting it in Another quarter. Freoently die stopped me, placing her little hand on my arm. 44 You're working too hard," she eaid. 44 You look awfully seedv." 44 Oh, I'm all right," I responded. '♦ Very likclv I shall ^o out of town at Christmas for a holiday. What's your new part to be P" She brightened and smiled. "Oh,_ a fairy—with a nong and dance! Old Phillips says I shall knook them thi* timo!" | " Who's old Phillips f" j 44 Oh, a friend of mine who writes in the j papers*. He advises Isaucsoti, he docs, fraacsoii couldn't get along without him." | Mv eyes opened. Gould nhe possibly be j alluding to Phillips, the great drumatlo author | and critic, who did the theatrical review* for > the most influential newspaper of the j metropolis? I asked her the question, and ; she sodded. "That'shim," she replied with uogram- ' matical emphasis. 44 He s a jfood old sort and take* quite an intercut iu ungirls. You ought , to hiivo sent your play to. him; I'd have I made biin read it!" ! Mv umiiKement deepened. To think of ! Phillips—the great Phillips—before whom I both laauajfct'H and public trembled, being on tortus of intimucy with a promoted extra lady! But. of course I took the statement with a grain of salt; not believing for a moment that it bad atiy foundation iu fact. "Well, goodbye," said Fanny, with her | ubunl uhiuptucMH. "I must get ready to go | to the theatre. Don't work so hard, and ! mind you cnm<? and hoc mo in the new picoe aa j booii as possible!" % ] So tsaying she disappeared, leaving me | divided bctweca ehame and detpair. Despair j predominated, for it seemed that I had now j played my last card, aud unKts a miracle < happened, there wat nothing before me but { starvation. ' A s> tok by, uu4 my Lioiiiliiiou ginw •:.rk«r and darker. With only juat enouirh <i tuiy u little bread, I crawled on from day 10 day. To., promt to hey- or to reveal to Jtnyoiio my r«!«l condition, I would creep out ut nijrht, and walk for hour* in the JihiumI hiiow-ttlud streets, wondering what was U» becomc of mo, looking »r>nietimeH down into the depth* of the hluck river ;uid wishing ] lmd the courage to Nvk u 1*hI ivfut?e there. I t»uw nothing of my neighbour, indeed, I carefully avoided her, feeling thnt I co'ild not. have endured her pity. At ia*t—it was the nitfhf before ChriHtt'uii- live—I htoud on Waterloo bridge, having paid my last halfpenny for toll to cw. 'JVie muiw wan fulling1 and it was hittr. l v 'sold. My great coal had ^ono lony ore I ili '« ind nl! (he pievioub duy I had only had I ,.<^hfu) of food. 1 1 liiuk I must have grown lightheaded ; •r the lijrhlp of London seemed dancing *jldly round ma, and the Jiving* shapes tJial patwd me seemed like ghost* in u dream. Finally, i;-: midnight struck, 1 let myself into the bonne whero I Jived, and crept, h«lf I fainting, up fhe Muit>. ' Am I approached the lauding below mine, I • heard the sound of singingrnnd piano pla^imr, j mingled with merry laughter; then it shuffle ] ' of fret iis if home one wan dancing, mid a j . '-hipping of liatide. t clutched at the J | bannister, and the whole landing seemed to | I rock beneath mo; then, suddenly, 1 staggered, | clutching at the door, and fell forward into empty »p^c. t I I Tin* l'i*t tiling 1 remember wan tuc opening I | of # dour, the sudden f1:t**hin*r of lights, and j thou strange forms bonding over me, while a j I voice that I s»?emed ro kuuw cried, very far oil j I it KCi'meJ, and in a soil of misty dream, "Why, it's Cm ly !" 