THE OLD UNIFORM. One of my desk-mates in the office at the ministry of war was an exnoncom missioned officer, Henri Yidal. He had lost his left arm in the Italian cam paign, but with his remaining hand he executed marvels of caligraphy— down to drawing with one pen-stroke a bird in the flourish of his signature. A good fellow, Yidal ; the type of the upright old soldier, hardly forty, with a sprinklingof grey in his blonde imperial —he had been in the Zouaves. We all called him Peie Yidal, more respect fully than familiarly, for we all knew his life of honour and devotion. He lived in a cheap little lodging at Grenelle, where —on the money of his cross, his pension, and his salary— he managed to support his widowed sister and her three chil dren. Three thousand francs for five people ! No matter, his redingote, the enipty left sleeve c.'iught to the third button, was always brushed as if for parade ; and so seriously did iie take his red ribbon, invariably fresh, that, he took it out of his buttonhole whenever he carried a pair of boots or trousers or went on any commonplace errand. As at that time, I, too, was living in the southern suburb of Paris, I often walked home with Pere Vidal.and I used to make him tell of his campaigns as we passed near the military school, meeting at every step— it was at the close of the Empire— the splendid uniforms of the Imperial Guard, green chasseurs, white lancers, and the dark and magnificent artillery officers, black and gold, a cos tume worth while getting killed in. Sometimes, on hot evenings, I treated my companion to absinthe ; out of economy he never drank. On these occasions the ex-sold:er,who had become a sober paterfamilias, and had lost the habit of the parrot, would rise from the table with a touch of heroic drunkenness in his brain, and the rest of the way I was almost certain to hear some tale of war. One evening— I believe that Pere Yidal had had two glasses of absinthe — as we walked along the hideous Boule vard de Grenelle, he stopped suddenly before a military old-clothes shop there are many like it in that quarter— a dirty, sinister den, showing in its win dow rusted pistols, bowls full of buttons, and tarnished epaulets ; in front were hung, amid sordid rags, a few old officers' uniforms, rain-rotted and sun burned ; with the slope-in at the waist and the padded shoulders, they had an almost human aspect. Vidal, seizing my arm with his right hand and turning his slightly tipsy gaze on me, raised his stump to point out one of the uniforms, an African officer's tunic, With the kilted skirt and the three gold braids making a figure eight on the sleeve. ' Look ' he said ; :l that's the uni form of my old corps, a captain's tunic.' Drawing nearer he made out the num ber engraved on the buttons, and went on with enthusiasm : ' My regiment ! The First Zouaves ! ' Suddenly his hand shook, his face darkened ; dropping his eyes, he mur mured, in a horror-stricken voice : ' Mon Dieu, what if it were his.' Then brusquely turning the coat about, he showed me in the middle of the back a little round hole bordered by a black rim— blood, of course— it made one shudder, like the sight of a wound. ' A nasty scar,' I said to Pere Vidal, who had dropped the garment and was hastening away. And foreseeing a tale 1 added to spur him on: 'It's not usually in the back that bullets strike captains of the Zouaves.' He apparently did not hear me; he mumbled to himself: ?? How could it -*et there ? It's a long way from the battle field of Melegna no to the Boulevard of Grenelle ! Oh, yes, I know— the carrion crows.that follow the army; the strippers of the dead! But why just there, two steps from the military school where the other fellow's . regiment is stationed f He must have passed; he must have re cognised it. What a ghost !' ?? See here, Pere. Vidal,' said I, vio lently interested. '' stop yourmuttering, and tell me what the riddled tunic re calls to you.' Except for the tw6 absinthes, 1 doubt if he would have spoken, for he looked at me timidly, almost suspiciously. Sud denly, with a great effort, he began: ' Well, then, here goes for the story; I can trust you; you will tell me frankly, on your honour, if you think my conduct excusable. Where shall I begin ? Ah, I can't give you the other man's sur name, for he is still living, but J will call him by the name lie went under in the regiment— Dry-Jean— and he de served it, with his twelve drinks at the stroke of noon. 'He was sergeant in the Fourth of the Second, my regiment, a good fighter, but fond of quarrel and drink— all the bad habits of the African soldier; brave as a bayonet, with cold, steel-blue eyes and a rough-red beard on his tanned cheeks. When I entered the regiment, Dry-Jean had just re-enlisted. He drew his pay and went on y three days' spree. He and two companions of the same kidney rolled through the low quarters of Algiers in a cab,: flying a tricolour bearing the words ' It won't last for ever.' It did wind up with a knock-down fight at a Moorish woman's dive. She got a kick that did her up. Dry-Jean a cut on the head from a tringlo that nearly finished him. a fortnight in the siiard-room, and the loss of his stripes— tint second time he had lost them. ' Qf well-to-do parents with some education, he would have risen to be an officer long before if it had not been for his conduct. Eighteen months later he got his stripes back again, thanks to the indulgence of the old African captain who had seen him under fire in Kabylie. Hereupon our old captain is promoted chief cf battalion, and they send us out a captain of twenty-eight, a Corsiean named Gentili, iust out of school, a cold, ambitious, clever fellow, veiy exacting, hard on his men. giving yon eight days for a speck of rust on your gun or a but ton ott your gaiters ; moreover, never having served iri Algeria, not tolerating fantasia or the slightest want of disci pline. The two took a hatred to each other from the first ; result, the guard room for Dry-Jean after every drinking bout. When the captain, a blackavised little fellow, asstiftas a bristle, with the mustaches of an angry cat, flung his punishn-ent at Dry-Jean's head, adding curtly.'I knowyou,my man.and 1'11'bring you to order !' Dry-Jean answered never a word and walked quietly away to do pack-drill. But all the same, the cap-, tain might have come ofl his nigh, horse a, bit had he seen the rage that reddened the sergeant's face as he turned his head and the hatred that flashed through his terrible blue eyes. ' Hereupon the emperor declares war against the Aiistrians, and we are shipped 6ft to Italy. But let me come at once to the day before the Battle of Melognnno— where I left my arm. you know. Ouv battalion was- camped in a little1 village-.- and before breaking the ranks the captain had made us a speech — rightly enough— 16 remind us that we were in a friendly country and- that the slightest injury done to the inhabitants woujd be punishi'd in an exemplary way. During the speech, Dry-Jean — a little shaky oil his pins that morning, and for the best of reasons — shrugged his shoulders slightly. Luckily the captain didn't see it. ' At midnight a noise woke me. I sprang from my heap of straw into the farm-yiird, and in the moonlight I saw a group of comrades* and peasants wresting from the arms of Dry-Jean, raging like a lion, a handsomewench, dishevelled and half dressed, who was calling loudly on the Madonna and all the saints. 1 was hastening to help, when Captain Gcnf.ili arrived. With one look — the Corsiean had a paralyzing way — he cowed the ter rified sergeant ; then reassuring the Lombard girl by a few words in Italian he held up a trembling finger before the scoundrel and said: ' ' Dogs like you deserve to have their brains blown out; as soon as I can see the colonel, you lose your stripes again, this time for good. There's to be fight ing to-morrow; try to get killed.' ' Sure enough, atdawn the cannonade awoke us. The column formed, and Dry Jean— never had his cursed blue eyes glittered more ominously — placed him-, self beside me. The battalion moved for ward ; we were to dislodge the white coats, who, with their cannon, occupied Melegnano. Forward, march! At the second kilometer the Austrians' grape shot cut. down fifteen of our company's men. Then our officers, waiting for the order to charge, made us lie down in the grain- field, sliarp-shooterwise; they re mained standing naturally, and our cap tain wasn't the least straight of the lot. Kneeling in the rye, we kept on firing at the battery, which lay within range. Suddenly some one jogged my elbow. I turned and saw Dry-Jean, who was look ing at me, the corner of his lips raised leeringly, lifting his gun. ' ' Do you see the captain ?' he said, nodding in that direction. ' 'Yes, what of it ?' said I, glaneirig-at the officer, twenty paces oft. ' ' He was foolish to speak to me as he did last night.' '' With a swift, precise gesture, he shouldered his arm and fired. I saw the captain— Ins body bent backward, his head thrown up, his hands beating the air for an instant — drop his sword and fall heavily on his back. ' ' Murderer !' I cried, seizing the ser geant's arm. But he struck me with the butt of his rifle, rolling me over, and exclaiming : ' ' Fool ! prove that I did it !' ' I rose in a rage, just as all the sharp shooters rose. likewise. Our colonel, bareheaded, on his smoking horse, pointed his sabre at the Austrian bat tery, and shouted : ' Forward, Zouaves ! Out with your bayonets !' ' Could I do otherwise than charge with the others ? What a famous charge it was, toe ! Have you ever seen a high sea dash on a rock ? Each company rusheduplikea breaker on a reef. Thrice the battery was covered with blue coats and red trousers, and thrice we saw the earthwork re-appear with its cannon jaws, impassable. ' But our company, the Fourth, was to snatch the prize. In twenty leaps I readied the redoubt ; helping myself with my rifle butt I crossed the talus, I had only time to see a blonde mous tache, a blue cap, and a carbine barrel almost touching me. Then I thought my arm flew ott. I dropped my gun, fell dizzily on my side near a gun-catriage wheel, and lost consciousness. 'When I opened rny eyes nothing was to be heard but distant musketry. The Zouaves, forming adisordered half circle, were shouting ' Vive l'Empereur !' and brandishing their rifles. ' An old general followed by his staff galloped up. He pulled up his horse, waved his gilded helmet gayly, and cried : ' ' Bravo, Zouaves ! You are the first soldiers in the world !' ' I found myself sitting near the wheel, supporting my poor broken paw, when suddenly I remembered Drv-Jean's awful crime. At that very instant he stepped out of the ranks toward the general. He had lost his fez, and from a big gash in his close-shaven head, ran a trickle of blood. Leaning on his gun with one hand, with the other lie held out an Austrian flag, tattered and dyed red— a flag he had taken. The general gazed at him admiringly. ' ' Hey there, Bricourt !' turning to one of his staff; ' look at that if you please. What men !' ' Whereupon Dry -Jean, in his canaille voice, spoke up : ' Quite,- so my general. But you know — the First Zouaves — there ? are only enough left for once riiore !' ' ? I would like to hug you for that !' cried the general : ' you'll get the cross, you know ' ; and still repeating, ' what men !v he said to his aide-de-camp some thing I didn't understand— I'm no scholar, you know. But I remember it perfectly: ' Worthy of Plutarch, wasn't it. Bricourt i' ' At that very moment the pain was too much for me and I fainted. You know the rest. I've often told you how they sawed oft my arm and how I drag ged along in delirium for two months in the hospital. In my sleepless hours I used to ask myself if it was my duty to accuse Dry-Jean publicly. But could I prove it ? And then I said : ' He's a scoundrel, but he's brave ; he killed Captain Gentili. but he took a flag from tin; enemy,' Finally, in my convales cence, I learned that as a reward for his courage Dry-Jean had stepped up into the Zouaves of the Guard nnd had been decorated. Ah ! at first it gave me a disgust at my own cross' which the colonel had pinned on me in the hos pital. Yet Dry-Jean deserved his, too ; only liis Legion of Honor ought to have served as the bull's-eye for the squad detailed to put him out of existence. ' It's all far away now. I never saw him again ; he remained in the service and I became a good civilian. But just now, when I saw that uniform with its bullet-hole— God knows how it got there — hanging a stone's-throw from the barracks where the1 murderer isv it seemed to me that the eaptain,the crime still unpunished, was. clamoring, for justice.' I did my utmost to quiet Pere Vidal, assuring him that he had acted for the best. Five days lator, on reaching the office, Vidal, handing me a' paper folded at a certain paragraph', murmured gravely: ' What did I tell you?'' f. read : ' Another victim of intemperance. — Yesterday afternoon, on the Boule vard de Grenelle, a' certa'in Jean Mallet, known' as Dri'-Jeari, sergeant in the Zouaves of the Imperial Guard who with two companions had been drinking freely, was seized with' delirium tremens wh'ile. looking at some old uniforms hang-ing in a sec ond-hand shop. He drew his bayonet and dashed down the. street to the terror of all passers-by. The ivo privates -vitli him had- the utmost difficulty in securing the madman,: 1 wlio shouted ceaselessly : 'I am not a murderer, I took an' Austrian flngat Melagnano ! ' It seems that the latter statement is true. Mallet | was decorated for this feat ; his ad^ diction to ch'ink has alone prevented him from rising in the l'anks. Mal let was conducted to the military hospital of Gros-Caillon, whence lie will soon be transferred to Oharen ton, for it is doubtful if he can re cover his reason.' As I returned the paper to Vidal, he looked at me meaningly, and concluded.: ' Captain Gentili was a'.OoVsicari — he lias avenged himself ! ' 