ROUND THE GROUND. By FELIX. It seems only Hie other day that I went round telling you all about "Eanji" and his comrades, yet here we are again with another Christmas come and gone, and I am off once more to meet old friends be neath the trees, and have a pleasant chat with them about cricket of the jiast and present. \\\ e miss the vast crowds that gathered to see England and Australia meet last year; we miss the glory of an international struggle, but, for all that, the intercolonial contests have a charm all their own, es pecially this season, wlien there are so many capable candidates for a place in the Australian team. Never before was "form" more keenly scanned, and, if you want sound criticism, just ramble round to my favourite elm, and listen to the com ments passed by the veterans who gather under its sheltering leaves. There, for in stance, is Alat Ryan, who played in the early sixties, with the old Emerald Hill club, and who has followed up the game with undiminished ardour ever since. He knew Gid Elliott, Sam Cosstick, and other celebrities of those1 days, and at Albury in 1878 was one of the first to join in a hearty welcome to the pioneer Australian team on their return from their successful tour in the old country. We talk of the horsemen who stopped the coach on that hot and dusty ride from Wagga to Albury. It was just about the time the Kellys stuck up Jeril derie, and some of the Australians really thought it was the Kellys come to stick up the coach. Judge their surprise and de light when the horsemen, after surround ing the coach, produced a case of cham pagne, and gave the cricketers a draught that, with a heat and dust engendered thirst, proved absolute nectar. 1 believe that if you were to ask any one of those cricketers what incident in connection with their return stands out with most promin ence the answer would be " The cliam jpagne in the forest from the hospitable horsemen." Mat and another old identity, Bill Ellis, who played in the time of Boake, the fast howler, hark back" to. the days of H. H. Stephenson's team, and George Parr's t^am/.afid both agree that .we have never stela an these.- cojonies a mere bril liant cut than Caffynt.;^ Torshow? that the ebuens aVe hbt far out, I may mention that Richard \\)aft,"tMi£ of the. beet of judges, savs, "If during • tlfe ^liole or my career I have admiretwme man's play more than another, it lias been that of Caffyn. As a batsman, he was without doubt one of the most brilliant that ever lived. It was quite a treat to have to field against him, and see him play. His hitting all round was magnificent; his cutting, 1 think, no body has ever equalled." Two veterans are close to Mat Ryan, namely, Jim Cul len, the old batsman, and oarsman, and his brother Nat, who in his day was a capital wicketkeeper. Subsequently, I came across the quartet engaged in one of the most animated cricket discussions I ever listened to, and as no finality was arrived at when darkness set in, they separated, resolved to renew the battle next day. Harry Boyle, down from the mountains, looks first-rate, and his right hand is nearly shaken off by numerous friends. Though he attained, his fifty-first birthday last month he made 49 on the hill-top on the Saturday before he left for Melbourne. I understand from the veteran that you hnve to do a lot of climbing to get to the Wal halla ground. I remember a ground in Eng land where the pavilion stood on the crest of a hill, so steep that the batsman on go ing to the wickets had to travel at a sling trot until he reached the base. He was then in a valley, the rest of the journey to the wicket being up a gently sloping hill. That, I think, was in beautiful Buxton, famed for its mineral waters. Nor is any I cricket page more acceptable to me than on whose front the name of "Goldie" is in-' [scribed. He and I go halfway round audi 1 back again. He has relished those notes' from the Rev. 10. S. Carter. with whom ho! ' played in the intercolonial at Sydney in 1800\. "Goldie" had bad 4u& & that match) and sat silent and disconsolate is the pavilion on the old Albert ground) un til Mr. Carter came alongside and told him that even the best batsmen in England had their "had days." "Goldie" pulleC Him self together, and felt pretty right until he got to Port Phillip Heads. Then the"dis mals" seized him again, and he wished to get off at Queenscliff. and travel by road alone, so as to avoid the "reception" he knew was awaiting him from his comrades of Jolimont. Councillor E. A. Yieusseux, from his Grammar School at Berwick, looks in the pink of condition, and when three of New South Wales have fallen he bets Harry Boyle two drinks that the whole side will be out by 6 o'clock. The old Bendigoniau thinks well of the Sydney batsmen, and feels confident that he will win the wager, but as man after man falls he grows less confident, and finally has to "part" for the drinks. E. A. V. informs me that one of his former pupils, Mr. Douglas A. Robin son, a son of Mr. W. V. Robinson, clerk of the Legislative Assembly, and who was resident master at the Berwick Grammar School for three years, has blossomed into a medical man after a course of study at Edinburgh University. He is practising at Deloraine, in Tasmania. At the Grammar School young Robinson was reckoned a second Harry Graham, and his per formances in Tasmania show that his_ bat ting promise at school was not too highly estimated. He had the splendid average of 163 for seven innings, and his scores were 116 not out, 108 not out, 103 not out, 94, 81, 73, 78. As a footballer he was familiar to us all as "Dug. Robinson" in the St. Rilda team, and also as a member of .the Berwick team in 6 cricket match agaihsfc Dandenong, wherf lid" hit up 157 runs in, 54 minutes in 1$9-9(J. ©, A.aY. ,ias not \ iniseif for tiV .'Old. 'bp, hi* i done poorly hi. . average being 60 lor six innings without^ a ' "not out" to help/ He scored llS agkifiH'' Beaconsfield, and 15, 35,. 45;- 66,- and 7?"in other contests. There^is-.ofte vehy pro mising youngster now at the school, a left handed batsman, but a right-handed bowler. He is only 14, and E. A. V. thinks so highly of his howling that he will coach him to the best of his ability. The well-known supporter of Australian teams in England, Mr. H. H. Hyslop, sends me a handsome Christmas card from London, "Glad Thoughts of Auld Lang .Syne," and with it kind remem brances to all old friends, who, I am sure, .will be very glad indeed to hear that Sir. ! Hyslop is himself again, after a long and 'painful illness. With the Christmas card comes a London paper, and as I open it in that terrible heat the first words that catch my eye are, "Jack Frost at last," followed by lines about snow falling and snow-ball ing. I mop the beaded bubbles from my 'brow as I read, and long for a beaker of 'the warm South, that has been cooled for ; long years in the deep-delved earth. So I does George Robertson, the genial presi , dent of the Carlton club, who narrates a | snake story, which he is prepared at any I time you like to vouch for. It seems that as he and Jack Blaekliam were driving to iThologoloug on the Upper Murray some thing kept whirling round with the wheel [of the buggy, and passing within two or ' three inches of the president's nose. "What [is it, Jack?" he said. Jack looked, and [replied, " A snake." " By all that's holy, ino!" answered the president. "Yes, it lis," said Jack, and, jumping off the buggy, he tore down a sapling, and killed the al ready scotched reptile. At first, I under stood them to say the snake was three feet six inches long, but before I left for another ramble round, it was growing faster than the two men in buckram. Ever since, Jack Blackham is known to the pre | sident as the "hero of the drive to Tho jlogolong." They were on their way to i Peter Sutherland's place at the time, and I Jack Sutherland, who is seated near us, smiles as he recalls the stirring incidents [of that memorable drive. Dr. Moore concisely explains to bis [friend, Mr. Macdonald (Hector's brother). I the difference between a elub cricketer and I a genuine intercolonial or international player, who plays all the better the nigger the matches; and Dr. Edgar Barrett says, "Fancy, not a man out Tor Gifl'en's bowling." Warne was the striker, and the fieldsmen clustered round him just as Lord Sheffield's team did round AJick Bannerman when the Rev. Mr. Fellows said that it reminued him of the picture of "Anguish." Warne, however, soon scattered the cluster, and played such a lively and sound game that the president of Carlton threw his splendid chest out an extra inch or two, and had another walk round in the company of his friends Tom Harrington, Norman M'Williams, and Mr. Parkinson, who tells you of his experience at Longsight against Spofforth's bowling. "The first nit me on the foot, the second in the stomach, the third in the ribs, and the fourth bowled me, and I felt glad that I had got out." Mr. M. J. Cody, the old Yarra Bend player, is standing near where Jack Lyons landed the liver, and the hit seemed so easy that some one remarked, "If he had only hit it hard the ball would not have stopped this side of Richmond." I. Drape, formerly of North Melbourne, has come from New South Wales, and looks the pic ture of health, his face bronzed by the summer sun, and his well-knit frame free from any trace of adipose tissue. He met the giant hitter, George Bon nor, at Orange, and George in sending regards to old friends ■wished them to bear in mind that he is still able to lift 'em out of the ground. "Bon." used to say that when he was tra velling through the forests of New South Wales he invariably sang, and so melodious and full of pathos were his notes that they not only brought tears to his own eyes, but caused the very birds to cease their warb ling, so enamoured were they of that voice in the bush. "When 1 am far away from 'ome" was the song that "knocked" the birds. I drop across a famous batsman who played for Victoria against that man who pkyed for Victoria against that team in 1873, and acquitted himself in splendid style by making 84, hit wicket, b t G. F. Grace. I refer Co B. B. Cooper, who in the zenith of his career in England was second only to W. G. himself. Grey 'uns are knocking out the old black beard, and B.B. never play6 now, but he is always there, looking on, and in bis opinion New South Wales ueemed to have the best side "on paper" of the '"whole three colonies. Yet New South Wales went down both in South Australia and Victoria. In fact, added B.B., the "on paper" business al ways seems to come out wrong. B. B., fit the palmy days of South Melbourne, was a shining light, and another "Veten&h; who played for South in its 'exis tence is " Bjrbk" WheatteyP'?tmOa capital batsman in his best days. 'Indeed, his defenofe is still vcly strong, as you may guess, when I can't get him evgn with my best head balls. Onoein tjifi old South, "Buck" and Bill O'Regaa-^wejre : taken down in throwing the onckefcyijpall. Bill and "Buck" were capital throwers, and they had a shot each. Bill beating "Buck" b.v a yard or two. Then came along a raw looking lanky chap, apparently from the country. He threw, and landed five yards ahead of Bill O'Regan. "Only to think of losing the prize like that," said Bill. "Why, 'twas I who invited him to have a throw, thinking he hadn't the ghost of a zhancc." The raw countryman was one Frank Allan, afterwards known as the "bowler of a century." His little throw that beat Bill Q'Regan's Was 105 yards, so "Buck" informed me. I hare seen Frank later in life take down a few knowing shots at cards on board ship, but "Buck" assures me that nothing is pleasantcr in this way to Frank than the remembrance of "taking down" Bill O'ltegan and "Buck" at throwing the cricket ball. Near the Mat Ryan quartet is my old friend J. Moody, who played with mv brother in the days of the old Brunswick, when Joseph George was young. By the way, I met Mr. George the other day, and we had a talk about the old Brunswick team, when the late Mr. T. J. •Sumner was president, and gare a grand wind-up dinner which cost ever so much, what time the brothers Bullen, the brothers Bowie, the brothers Laurenson, the brothers Crewthers. and Jim Bennett, now in .Scotland, were to the fore for Brunswick. | I used to think that W. W. Gaggin and ■ "our hancieut friend, Mr. Henry Budd" j (quotation from an interesting speech of; long ago) were rc-sncnsible for the intro- ■ duc-ticu of the word "push," because they hclongc-d to a few select souls that called themselves the Mitre "push." But I find . that Shakespeare used the word before) either of the Jolimonters mentioned, for; has he not said. "We'll put the matter to) the present push."' Now that is exactly j what several of us did when we went round I with the cigar boxes for the Harry Trott' testimonial fund. We put the matter to j the present "push," and the response was fairly liberal, especially in the reserve and stand. If the contemplated collection had; been properly notified, the result would j have been belter. In this connection it. would be a capital thing if a match c-ould i be- played between the Australian ElevenI and the rest of Australia on the Sydney j ground -for the benefit of Harry Trott. j Vi'hen/T .was getting back to the reserve j with iny cigay.bqs a little "njpper" camel up a^d-said, "i>be-any cigarettes for sale, I mister?" j "And the hand pkiyed 'Annie Laurie,' j 'iwas the oniyttmcthey knew."' That may! have been soTjfor-liiat particular band, but not for our band under Mr. Riley, who is more up to date than ever with varied and ontc-rtain'mg selections. On that dread fully hot Saturday the bugle became so hot thot the bugler couldn't hold it; so Mr. ll'lvy informed Jack Blnckbam. The esteemed St. Kilda representative, Mr. Lipscomb, delights in doing his best as :tn cllk-er of the association for visiting teams, and it is a pleasure to listen to him as lie leads off with hearty cheers for New Soiuli Wales and South Australia. He is ninth amused at the story told of an Australian El-wen man some years back. On icturninf; from the eld country he was asked what lie thought of London. 'Oh! London; ton-ible place for chimbleys." And what did you think of Paris? "i>h! Paris; biggex'n Sydney." Hughie Bramble states that on one occasion they went to hear the best cornet player in the world. After the performance they were talking . about his exquisite notes, wheu one of the team chipped in with the comment. "I didn't think so much of him; we'"e a iuan in cur baud could blow bis blooming Lead oft." All the way from England, from Ilarry Hyslcp, I got a cricket yarn I had never beard bc'ore. A very stout batsman came in, the bcwler looked at him and turned 1o the umpire, saying, "I've met this man before, ana seeing that he covers the whole wicket 1 want to know what you're going to give it if I hit him." After a long and earnest gaze at the batsman with the tre mendous fore- and-aft development, the umpire turned to the bowler, and with grave deliberation said, "I've considered this case, and have come to the conclusion that if you hit him in front it will ire leg before; if you hit him on t'other part it will be a wide." 1 he ubiquitous Jimmy Eastman is seen everywhere, with his camera, and I spot liim taking a beautiful snapshot of Mr. Frank Grey ftmith, president of the M.C.O., who is watching the play from his old spot in the smokers' pavilion. Anon I see Jimmy in the bowling-green, taking Frank Allan and others; then he rushes out and takes a group of players having a refresher out on the green turf. Next he is seen tackling Charlie M'Leod, Ilughie Trumblc, Jack Worrall, Bill Howell, and ever so many more, hut, after it all, he comes smiling past, without having turned a hair (alas! like myself, he has none left to turn). When Jack Blackham saw Wil kinson taking out the bucket, the famous wicketkeeper said, " Difference between Australia and England. At Kennington Oval tbey take out a_ refresher to the players in a handsome ioving cup; on the if.CC. ground a bucket meets the case." We are ail glad to see Mr. S. Armstrong in the pavilion again, after his serious HI ness, and be looks all right, a6 he chaU with the old intercolonial warrior, Jim Redfearn, who, though not so ruddy as of yore, seems well and hearty, and gives me ft kindly Christmas greeting as I pass by. The veteran slow bowler Dan Wilkie comes under the shade of our pittosnorum, and is amused when Cunningham places his field carefully on the off, and starts off with a long hop to leg. Dan loves above all >■ -ihings that a bowler should be able to keep J r-ft length, and, he adds, when you have \- — « ^ — • i— ,,r 1 wonder Jiow many yearn ago it ws ejeoe first 1 heard Mr. J. b. l'urves, QX'., a speech at a cricket banquet. Ji want cither at the old Criterion in CoUhMHdreei ; or in the old wooden pavilion of the ■SdXJ.O., in the days when Uowley'e grape wine clung to the wall/.from which in •pp.the luscious eweetwaters depended in clusters; when the little meti of ijfcmd water eufiicedto aasauge oar; ;3ieforc we knew wbatmicrobes were; *hJ|%hen tsam CoEstick woke the echoes vhlsi hearty laugU.in quoit mound or ^qllay. : 31 r. 1'urves could make as and entertainiue speeches then as ih' nowxbht' vek never hear him now ■pricket dinner, for the simple reason ifalsgodd old-fashioned JiDglish way pp a season tuis utterly died ourne, Mr.dSyrws greets me ^/jah4-naysi "Did ywbpar.ahtput •^^;2BSPfK ihafc." Sure enough *- '.Thornton, sole SO intercolonial lith Wales, is as ... Jpwn, and no far tifT " ' ; as one can gauge by a mere glance he is i as hearty as ever and as willing as ever to i cordially welcome E. B. Manning and his ! comrades to Camperdown. Talking to Mr. Thornton is C. llenry, an old Camper j downian, and for a long spell now the es ; teemed caretaker of the University ground. | .Another caretaker is old "Mae," formerly I of Jolimont, but now of the Church_ of \ England Grammar School ground. It «s a j pleasure to hear from "Mae" that he is I young in heart though old in years, and : that the Grammar School youths are the j finest young fellows he fcas ever met. Les I Whitton recalls the days when "Mac" ' uced to chase him and other youngsters of ; Jolimont off the turf at East Melbourne, j and as Les himself is no chicken now you | will see that old "Mac's" connection | with the Jolimcnters dates back I even unto the remote past of the two G.'s and O. C. Williams. By the . way, I hear that the latter blue- and-whiter of bygone years is now in the old country on furlough, his health having become somewhat impaired by assiduous attention to business. His numerous friends will be glad to learn that bis visit to England lias much- improved his health. Mr. W. G. Brett talks to Mr. M'Ewan about old cricket days in Beeehworth, when the me morable match took place against Snake Valley. _ The records of that match Mr. M'Ewan intends to obtain, for they are still intact in the strong-room of the Bank of Australasia at Beeehworth. Passing the front of the pavilion I spot Fred. Lineker, who played against the Australian team in Beeehworth in 1878, and had the bad luck to bowl Alick Bannerman "with a no-ball." Fred didn't get over that for a long time. Jack Blackkam talks of the "granite" out field on the Beeehworth ground, but that out-field was not a bit worse than the wicket on which the lion-hitter, Charlie Forrester, and Frank Cavenagh faced poor Dick Wottan's fast ones in Benalla years ago. The lion-hitter is as cheery to-day in the pavilion as when he hit George Major and others for 54 in 20 minutes by some of the finest hitting ever seen on any field in our metropolis. Colonel King, in his old haunt on the seats in front of the Skinnerian kitchen, takes the batting time of each player with his accus tomed care and accuracy, and, as usual. Captain Burrowes is adjacent to him, ana Colonel Hacker, stouter than of yore, fol lows the game with the interest he used to show when he played with my old friends Keightley and Professor Miller, in the original Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Cricket Club. Mr. Corbov, the enthusiast from Tunga mali, is searching everywhere for W. W. Gaggin, and ultimately unearths him at the snuggery of the famous Scottish wrestler, "Corny" Clark. Mr. Corboy in troduces me to his friend Mr. Ward, and leaving them I spot my old friend Mr. M'Xal), the Errol-stieet draper, who is chatting with a gentleman whose rotundity of form is gradually growing more so. I tell my stout friend that he should take to rowing again or mountain- climbing at picnics to Healesville or Mount Macedon. Charlie Daly, the old Malvern club sup porter, is ruddier than ever, and Ralph Anderson has some cool lager for me by the time I get round to him, and the Fitz roy and Yarra Bend slow-bowler, "Petrie." W. Del. Berthon is meditating a shooting trip for the New Year, and regrets that his youthful-looking friend, Frank Tuck well, cannot accompany him. I meet Ainsiie Caterer, the well-known South Aus tralian, who seems never to miss a Christ mas in Melbourne. His physique and ap Eearance indicate health personified, and e refers, with pleasure and pardonable pride, to the performances of his college (St. Peter's) in the arena of sport, especially cricket. I am introduced to the South Australian player Gunn, who informs me that Charlie Hobbs is still as keen as ever on the game, and that the old Hotham footballer Joe Trainor has made his way very well in deed in Adelaide. "Aph" Jarvis tells me that six years ago, when playing for his colony in Melbourne, be received a tele gram announcing the death of his father, and in this match he is handed a telegram j announcing the death of his father-in-law, j Mr. Coombes, who was a sterling supporter j of the Hindmarsh Club. The "Almanac,"; Dave Scott, is searching for Harry Boyle, I and Harry Boyle is searching for him, and ultimately they meet, and have a pleasant Christmas chat together not far from the spot where the veteran Carltonian, Ben James, takes liis stand to view the play. The still more ancient veteran Dunldnson, of the early Richmond Club, hails me from the stand, and 1 wave back a salute as I walk on to where Charlie Grubb, of Wil liamstown, is following up every stroke with interest. He very kindly gave a series of most interesting articles about .old-time English players bv the Hon..R. H.Lyttel ton. Another Wlliiamstowner Lhave a shake hands syjth k;thp genia^J Tom Han nah, and the .mdefataMjilg f*3». spefretary of Richmond, 'Mr. D. Chessell, choice, still in matter ana. sits ojjjKJsite to me at the luncheo'ttotaKle, -TkiTEhe eomniil ee's balcony the splendid athlete-of former days, H. C. A. Harrison, looks out on the grand expanse of green turi. on wbich-in his prime he careered along like the wind over water jump and hurdle. Few, indeed, were fleeter than he, and as I look at him He puts up at Lawton's, with his friends, now he seems sufficiently elastic to go over the grass again with a touch of the youth ful are still left, so lightly have his sixty odd summers dealt with hm. Yet another fine runner of the old school I meet when I greet my friend Monk, who is as happy in recalling old pedestrian bouts as when he gets home against his friend Cnddon on the besntjfnl bowling green. Jack Black ham is talking to Mr. Sutton about the! «as** when the latter gentleman met Jack s father in Adelaide in the early fifties, and ike old champion George Giffen in troduce* me to Mr. Will Murray, the famous eheepbreeder, of South Aus tralia, who makes kindly inquiries about "faraoi/' who faas visited air. Murray's station. Jade Pennefather relates bow well the entertainments go off on occasional Saturday nights at the "Savage" when Mr. Justice Holroyd presides: and Bobby Young, back from Warrnambool, where the ozone agreed with him, introduces me to Messrs. Vince and MacFarlane, of Warr nambool. They have come to see the play, and are fairly delighted when Vic toria gets home against New South Wales. Charlie Bannennan and I interchange reminiscences of our life on the ocean wave, and when I ask hint whether he can still sing "John Bull, can you wonder at her rime," the celebrated old-time batsman smiles and says, that his "sin|iugvoice is not Hvhat it used to be," and that he never .binge now. What, not even the "\Arp in the hair." "No/' he nays, "not even the "Arp in the hair.'" I miss the familiar figure of H. E. Macdowell, and I find -that he is "doing" the great trip 6y Bright via the Alps toBairneaale and the Lakes. 'Messrs. Tolaon and Brandon, and together they revive memories of "Ranji" and the English team When they read their names in the hotel book. .Mae revels in references to his dives in the glorious sea water. Old Harry llilliard is interested in the battle of the "ininahs," and all of us hope that he "will come over for many a year yet to see his favourite birds and his favourite game. Geoi-ge Mackay, the popular Bendigonian, wonders whv the selection committee have ignored so able and so proved an all round man as Jack Harry, who has an average of about 70, and he thinks, too, that Slur ray haB strong claims to recognition, owing to his batting and slow bowling. George nill. if he can manage it, be on English fields to see the five test matches, and should he go I hope he will see the laurels fall to Australia in at least three out of the five. George Gordon, of course, must have his little joke about "Christmas," nnd "Pye," ana "Huff," and the laughter at this brilliant sally fills the air as far as mv friend Mr. Wicks, who, every evening throughout the year, finds his way to the beautiful enclosure of the M.C.C. W. J. Trumble, of international and intercolonial batting and bowling renown, is down from Nhill, and when I ask did the black fellow bowl him, as narrated in "The Arcus," he replied in the affirmative, and added that they have not yet found ihe aboriginal. Mr. H. S. Barlow, who has been a mem ber of the M.Q.C. since 18-31, and was lion, treasurer for several years, is fairly entitled to be termed an old member, but one far; older is within touching distance, Mr. G. W. Busden, formerly clerk of Parliaments, and yet another who dates back a long way is Mr. Hentv Wilson, whom I well i remember as an all-round man in the first eleven in the days of Verney Cameron. I Captain Theop. Marshall waxes eloquent j about the green lanes and stately homes of England, but he is at his best in deal 1 ing with the bonny hills and lakes of dear j old Scotia. Mr. G. Bennett, the en thusiastic supporter and president of Rich mond, looks well after his trip to the old country with our old friend, Flynn, of Vir ginia: no, I mean of Bourke-street. If Mr. Bennett had gone into room 31 in the . Giand at Gla^ow he would have seen the f very spot where his brother Jim, Jack Blackham, and myself talked about old times until the "sma' hours ayont the twal." Mr. Morphet, who so kindly favoured me with interesting cricket articles in the "Yorkshire Post," lias not lost his ruddin&s; by translation from the county of brdid .acres to the >:qnny south. He tells me £haf the gehifeman I have really to th&iik; tfor those papers is Mr. j Oliver Morton, too lent them to Mr. Mor-j pbet. He and out friend. Jack allon, the well-known: draper of Chanel Fa street, have a new years--drink together ; (maybe more than one), and as I turn I j Epot another Yorksliireman, E. Cockcroft, who lent me the interesting talks with j old Yorkshire cricketers. He. too, I j think is indebted to Mr. Oliver Morton for those sketches. 1 ask Cockcroft whether he intends to go back to see that road again from Huddersfield to Elland, where we drove under elms and oaks to the beautiful vale of Calder. and to the little town nestling snugly at the foot of a well- i wooded range of nills. Cockcroft replies, j "I'm afraid not, now that I've married and j settled down." Another Yorksliireman is ! Mr. Siddall, who is much stouter now than i when I first uaet him on the field in bygone j years. An old school chum greets me in the person of Tom Kneen, who plaved I cricket with Dave Hurray, now in New Zea land, and Mr. M'Leod, father of the famous cricketere, refers to tlie ancient days when he presented a flag-pole to South Mel bourne. Mr. Harry G wvnne, of Ruther glen, reminds me of a pleasant afternoon we had together years ago at Glen Iris with R. W. Pennefalher; and Mr. Bur land reckons Bruce'e innings not only first class, but the actual turning-point of the game. My friend F. Savage writes that he lias been up the Thames to Windsor, and thinks there's nothing in the world like the glorious elm avenue. He refers iu most kindly terms to Dr. Clem son, of the Arcadia, who, like most Lan castrians, is an enthusiastic cricketer—so enthusiastic, that he played even when crossing the line. Mr. Jas. Aitken, pre sident of the association, heads the lun cheon table, and another keen South Mel bournite is my old friend J. O. Cummins, a thorough all-round sportsman. The fragile trio from Kevr, Messrs. Swift, Val lance, and Morrissey, shut out the light from the pavilion bar, and wc laugh to gether as Jack recalls amusing incidents in old-time trips. Dr. Willis, who was an ardent supporter of the game in Dayle-fcrd, is "on time" every day, and it is pleasing to know that he is just as popular .amongEt cricketers in Malvern as lie was in DayJesford. The Coburgers, Morg. Irwin and Jim Paterson, are sitting next to the doctor; Tom Irwin, big as the side of a house, is be yond them, next to the genial Phil. Cohen, and my old friend, Mr. Macnaughton, who has watched the game for many years in England and Australia, is in bn favourite seat in front of the scoring-box. E. P. Hastings, the old Joli'pionter, main tains bis condition so well that he can bat for his fifty now in the Etvle of his younger days, when he watched the stars of Surrey i at Kennington Oval, and can finish up with out being in the least bit blown. I learn from Ifarry Billiard that George Gilbert, the old intercolonial player, is still living. He is a cousin'.of the famous W. G. Grace, whom he strongly resembles in facial ex pression, Old George was until recently caretaker ;of the Burwood- ground. Senior Constable Davidson takes as much interest as ever in tbe play, aud the old M.C.C. footballers, "Specs." Bennie and C. Mlieat land, foregather at the bar for a midday ?ie. In tbe background, waiting his chance, spot Willie Hull and his friend Owen, with Jimmy Slight near at hand. "Tracker" Forbes makes the air melodious with bis rich and penetrating music, but he lets fall no words of wisdom or any of his peculiar epigrams on this occasion. Sam Jones, the Essen don barracker, is round the ground with the Bev. Mr. Tress,who played against Parr's team in Bathuret, and who still has a warm side for the good old gam^, Mr. Spencer is constant in his resolve net to believe Mr. Trumble's statement that South Melbourne once put a fire iu their roller so as to dry up tbe pitch when it was their own turn fn ,bit. Blake, old Charlie's successor at tbe gpte, attends to his duties with the utmost vigilance, and the cour teous Henry Atkinson is busy as a bee, as is his woBt. Joe Taylor has chronicled the last run, and, after a cheery word or two with natty Harry Blinman and Mr. Mar shall, the well-known supporter of South Australian cricket, I watch Tom M'Cut cheon pace tbe green turf with his hose, and'T^tip ^tti^^rct buret of Yap Yean bre^iupoin jtbe ewrnd I am through the gate, and 'bay good-bye to round-the groundere for another year. 