New Guinea .'Affairs. | Our New Guinea correspondent writes: A Sydney man named Brennan, who arrived here by the steamer Moresby, in January, to take up a position as mate on a trading schooner, has just got into serious trouble through the use of tire arms. It appears he was left in charge one night in harbor at New Britain, and had under his charge a native crew, and fifty Solomon Island laborers returning home. At abou,t 10 o'clock at night the captain whistled from shore for a boat, and the native who had night watch went to get the boat to carry the captain on board. Brennan hoard the noise of the boat alongside, and jumped oat of his cabin and ordered the boy to leave the boat alone. The boy, evidently knowing that Brennan was new to his position on the labor vessel, endeavored to explain that the captain was waiting for the boat, but Brennan seemed to have lost his pre- sence of mind and ran to his cabin, from which j he brought a Winchester r.fle, and presenting it at the boy who was leaning over the side of the vessel pulling in the boat, shot him dead. He was arrested and tried, and sentenced to three veara'imurisonment «in German T. No efforts having been made to secure the capture pf the murderers of Captain Coulson, .who" was killed last year in Bougainville, it came as a surprise when one of the culprits was captured in New Britain, having come there to work on the plantations. He was exposed by another native who was on board at the time of the murder, and.waB identified by the boy who acted as cook on the illfated Sea Ghost. From . their description it appears that the prisoner seized a hatchet, and whilßt others held the captain he cleft his skull in twain. He was sen«, fenced to be hanged. A determined attempt was made by the Bouka nativeB here to kill one of the informers, and the latter had to be taken into police quarters for protection, A case of cannibalism is reported from Beinirg, on the North Coast." The tribes of the bush have been fighting thë beach tribes for some time, and it ; appears the flatter captured three of their enemies^ whqna 'they disposed of in their own diabolical. way. Cannibalism is very frequent to ; tne north of Beinirg. -, ' ¡The Kiama Municipal Council held a special meeting on Friday, April 7,. to consideran offer from the Kiama Gas Company to increase the present number of lamps (21) to 24, and to light same for a period of three years for a sum of £5 5s per lamp for a half-night Bërvice, provided the council agrees to pay half the cost of laying down increased mains for the three extra lamps. It waB resolved to accept the offer, with the exception of paying half 'the cost of new mains.. It is generally thought that the-Gas Company will not press for this payment, and that the street lights will" be relit imme- diately. The streets at night have now been in . darkneSB for considerably over a month; 