NEW PUBLICATIONS. Among the latest additions to Heinemann's Colonial Library are " The Two Magics," by Henry Jones ; " Red Rock," by Thomas Nelson Page; and "The Open Question," by Elizabeth Robins. "The Two Magics " is the name not of one, but of two stories, "The Turn of the Screw, and Covering End. The first, which describes how the ghosts of a dead valet and of a dead governess pervade the lives of . two orphans, a live governess, and a housekeeper, scarcely serves as an introduction to the other, which, it must be said, does not lend itself to favourable notice. " Red Rock is a story of the period immediately following upon the American Civil War. The scene is laid in one of the Southern States, and the author, whose sympathies are evidently with the Southern- ers, graphically describes the manner in which the defeated States were plundered by the unscrupulous "carpet-bag" politicians from the North. The story is one of captivating interest from beginning to end. There is not a dull page in it. " The Open Question " is one of the class of somewhat painful problem novels, but it is powerfully written and compels attention. As in bed Rock " the principal characters are drawn from the Southern States, and the period is also immediately after the war. But there the resemblance ceases. While " Kdd Rock," though dealing with fictitious characters, describes what is practically history, "The Open Question" is a study in heredity, and deals especially with the question, which it settles in a highly Burmah manner, whether consumptives should marry. From George Newnes, Limited, we have received sixpenny editions of the " Adventure of Sherlock Holmes and Robert Elsmere." A copy of a book, " In His Steps, What would I Jesus Do ?" which has attracted some attention in America, has been received by us from Messrs. E. S. Wigg and Sons, Hay-street. The book was originally read from the pulpit of the Central Congregational Church, Topeka Kansas by its pastor and author, the Rev. C. M. Sheldon. It attracted some considerable attention, and was afterwards published in serial form in a well-known American religious journal. Its appearance in book form followed quickly. As the title suggests, the book is a serious attempt to depict how some earnest Christians decided to work their various businesses after the manner that their founder would have had he been on earth at the time. How a newspaper editor nearly ruins his paper, and a successful railway manager comes to grief in the pursuance of this policy are incidents of the story. The whole narrative is naturally of a very speculative nature, and will be of interest to those who are fond of that class of literature. One learns with interest that the book has had a wide circula- tion amongst the members of endeavour, temperance, and Y.M.C.A. organisations. It is no depreciation of the worth of the book to say that with such readers its success will be most pronounced, dealing as it does even if superficially- with many of the social problems of the day in which these organisations are specially interested. 