CURIOSITIES OF MARRIAGE. Of all subjects marriage is perhaps the most generally interesting- except to the ik.i tried. Here is A catalogue of curiosities in m ill imony. Frobnbiy the briefest courtship on record was t.lut of .John Hate and Mary Ann I5ass, who were married in August, 1810, in a unall town in New York State, after an i!i '(11:ii111anec of one hour. A poet of the Lciiod. thus immortalised the event: - la this not, nnRlinff well? I aak, Such tcniler liait 1o take? ifc cauprht in oik; short, hour A The Uas=, though, taught the liate. On the other hand, long-extended Lflurl . W-UA .'ire by no means uncommon. A con spicuous one was that between Captain I pftii>is Maxtor, of Quincey, and Miss Wliit.more, who were united at Jiridge \valer in 1788. The bridegroom was t*j )(ar-i old, and the bride 57. Their wedding brought to a successful issue a protracted and t fJions courtship of 48 year--, which ih'.v both sustained with uncommon for titude. ('oming down to our own time* the year JS'rJ is noteworthy for perhaps 1 Jie most expeditious marriage ceremony ever per formed. It occurred in the States. The contracting parties desired to catch a par ticular boat, so a Justice marie them htis tiind and wife in a. carriage while the h.iiscs were being rapidly driven to the win i f. A minister refused to unite the cor,ill;-, and only ten minutes remained be fore tiie departure of the steamer; but even in that brief space a Justice was found and the knot was tied. The happy P^h' caught, tiie boat. Marring-:'* in epieer p'ac: s are but the natural outcome of thn novelty loving age. In 1897 a wedding was pone through in a den of lions, when the bride and bridegroom, the clergyman, and as many of the Bridesmaids as could find lonnt, entered the den, and the entire c.-rc rminy wns gone through. There were two lions in the cage, but they appeared too ssmazed to show ferocity. During the Chi cago W orld's Fair a. marriage took place on the Ferns Who.], at a height of 2.50 ft. above tl>e ground. Another couple chose the inside of the head of the huge figure of the Goddess of Liberty in New York Harbour for their marriage. Very quaint, too, was the idea of the bridegroom who chose a s-pot in a cemetery, close to the grave of his first wife, ia.s the scene for his second marriage ceremony. Weddings have been solemnised in balloons, and in coal mines, by telephone, and on the phono graph, in show windows, and on hou.se roofs; in fact, in all sorts of places have two* been made ones', not. excepting death bees. ii connection with death-bed marriages, here is n remarkable incident. Some years ago a. young Hungarian military officer was rerpi-sted to pay a visit to a rich widow of sixty, who, the doctors said, was on the po.nt of death. The soldier went, and t.he lady said that if he married her all her wealth would 1h: his. Thinking the chance too gTeat to bd thrown away, he agreed, and they -were married. Then a remarkable thing happened: the supposed dying wo man picked up ner health again, and lived for .another twenty years, eventually going hence in 1890. It is a truly sad story, as the young man's life was ruined by his unhappy marriage.- The chaplain of a country gaol once married a convict. The clergyman was a widower with quite a retinue of children. This exceptional union would not have been known but for the fact that the wif*" neglected to report herself on her ticket-of leave, and the officials of the Penal Depart ment complained accordingly. In consequ ence of this the chaplain was appointed to another prison. Many unexpected things have happened at weddings. But it is rare indeed that one hears of a bride becoming insane immediately after the ceremony. Such a case, however, occurred at a mar riage in Stuttgart. The couple were return ing home from the registry office, when suddenly the bride sprang from the car riage and ran to iher mother's house, where she threw herself on the floor screaming that ghosts were following her. The unfor tunate lady had gone raving mad, and was taken to a lunatic asvlum. In 1802, at Chriatchurch, New Zealand, a woman minus arms was married, the ring being placed on the fourth toe of her left foot. Such an event has occurred before. In the marriage register of the Church of St. James, Bury, St. Edmunds, is this singular record1832, November 5. Christopher Nernson, Charity Morrell. Charity Morrell being entirely Without arms the ring was placed upon the fourth toe of her right foot, and she wrote her name in thin regis ter with her right foot." -"Daily Mail." 