The Chapel of Ease ' By Harriet Riddle Davis. CHAPTER XIX. — (Continued) . ' The doctor has gone, sir : he told.ineto say, when you oame in, that he sees nothing alarming iu Mrs Cecil's condition ; that, so far as he can judge, she is nervously ex- hausted, but he thinks she will be all right with rest aud oare. After you went out, sir, she recovered consoioueneBS, and asked for you, aud when told you were not. here she beoame so excited that the dootor was ob liged to give her something to quieten her, She has dropped off to sleep. If she wakes again, you may see her ; but there must be absolute quiet ; there must be nothing to excite her.' John stepped softly past the nurse into the dimly lighted .room. She followed him, and whispered, cautioningly -vr 'You must not wake her on any account, sir. John shook his head in silence aud quietly took up a position where he could see her face, it seemed to him' that it was the ghost of Hester, the ghoBt of bis love, that lay before him. Her faoe was white and exhausted ; her yellow hair had been gathered off her faoe, evidently in hurried fashion, and lay in a rope over the pillow. Her half- open hands lay nervously on the counterpane, and there were traces of suffering iu them and in every line of the face. As he noted them, there swept over bim a ieeling of emotion that threatened to overmaster him. He could feel the swift tide rise from his heart and spread straight to his lips, which quivered beneath it, and co his eyes which beoame Buddenly dim. He had to shut his hands to. .keep down the flood gates. EverytMng that had been wretched and horrible in the events of the day fell away from bim completely. He wondered how anything on earth could ever have mattered to him when balanced against Hester's life and love : it all Beemed so little, and pitiful, and mean. He was so lost in contemplation of her face and in the thoughts and emotions that oame crowding to his brain that he did not know how long he had been standing, nor realize how worn . out and overwrought he was, until the nurse quietly brought him a chair, and, plaoing it by the bedside, motioned him to sit down. He gratefully accepted it, and leaned his tired head against the,side of the bed, and his long vigil began. Once, later, the nurse oame again to Mm, and said, — ' You look very tired, sir; you had better go to bed. I will call you if she wakes. Bet John shook Mb head. He would not sleep until Hoster should open her eyes again and look at him. . He oould not forget the last terrible expression he had seen iu them when Bhe had turned her face to Mm after the service was over in the ohuroh. A little after midnight Hester beoame very restless, and began to mutter broken, dis jointed words. Finally she opened her eyes and looked eagerly round' the room, and oalled John's name in a frightened voice. He instantly bent over her. She was so Btartled when she saw his eyes looking into hers that John's heart stood still. He thought that she did not know him ; hut almost immediately the startled look died out of her face, tears gathered slowly in her eyes, she tried to speak, her lips quivered, aud finally she turned her faoe from Mm. ' What is it, Hester ?' he said, anxiously, though softly. She made an effort to keep baok the tears, and said, slowly and brokenly, ' Why wouldn't you heat my explanation ? Why did you give me up ?' It was evident that she had either for gotten or had not sensed the marriage service. Her mind had not gone beyond the scene with John in the veBtibuTe of the churoh ; everything elee had been blotted out. John lifted up her nerveless hands in his, pressed his lips to them, and said, Oietly,— ' I did not give you up ; we were married, HeBter; you are my wife; that is why I am hete beside you.' She turned her face eagerly towards him ; a life oame to her eyes. She was about to speak again, hut the nurse came to the bed and- made, a Warning gesture, wMeh John understood. ; He bent his head olose to Hester's, and, kissing her softly, said, in hushed voice,— ' Don't try to talk any more now, Hester ; I shall w&toh; beside you all through the night ; I shall not leave vou for a moment, and I am Btrong and happy in my love for you.' The look of relief wMoh spread over her faoe was instantaneous. She asked no further questions ; she did not want to talk ; John wbb beside her, he had said that he would not leave her. She dimly understood that he knew everything, and she oould rest at last. With a sigh ofinfinite content, she smiled into his eyes, then her own closed heavily and she sank into a deep sleep. Her slender, nervouB fingers olung to his hand and never relaxed their hold all through the silent peaceful night. And John kept Ms vigil at her side. When the' mail-bag was opened a few days later at Chapel Honse, there were two letters in John b handwriting. One was for Aunt Jenifer, and one was for Carey Annt J enifer wiped her speotaoles, adjusted them oarefully, and proceeded to ppen hers, wondering what' John oould find to write to her. about. Oarey carried hers .over to. -the window in order to spell out John's queer handwriting, hut her attention was im mediately attracted by a big bluebottle fly which had somehow managed to defy the cold weather aud was buzzing and humming around with ail the oheerfulness and con fidence appropriate to a day in Jnne. Oarey oould not attend to her letter, even though it was from John, till Bhe had despatched thiB exciting fly. She determined to out him iu two with Aunt Jenifer's shears, and she was just beginning a lively, ohase up and down the window panes, when she was as tonished to see Aunt Jenifer rise suddenly from her ohair, upset her work- basket, and call out iu a sharp voioe to the entire house hold, although no one was present but Carey, — ' Carey ! Beoky ! Jasper ! all of you ! They've none and get married in town !' Who's, gone and got married in town?' asked Carey, mak'ng dabs at the fly with the shears. . '.'.I Why, John Cecil's gone and married Hester, to be sure; "Well ! well! I never heard the like of it.' 'John and Hester got married? eohoed Oarey, dropping the shears and suddenly sitting do wn "on." the . settle with a thump. ' 1 don't b' lie ve it,' Bhe exclaimed. ' Yes, hern it is : John says, 'Dear Aunt Jenifer,' (' Dear Aunt,' indeed !' she sniffed, thongh it was clear from the pn'oker around her lips that John's adoption of her as a relative was highly pleasing to her,) ' I may as well tell' you without any flourish that Hester and I were married on Wednesday at St Paul's Church, and, barring the foot that Hester has had an attaok similar to the one when she fainted last winter, and that I have been awfully worried and upset about her, we are the two happiest people I know of. We don't know when we shall return. 1 hope you will pacify Oarey before we oome; I shall probably have to give her half of my possessions in order to appease her. Hester sends her love, and will write very soou. ' Yours affectionately, ' John Wobthington Cecil. : ' It's, the meanest, sneakin'est, most low- down thig I ever heard of, to go off and get married all by themselves and leave us all out, and then stay in town and. have a good time ; 'twould been a heap more fun for 'em. to 've had me and Jasper and the dog along. I just tell you, Aunt Jenifer, I'm goin' real mad about it. ; I ain't goin' to speak to'em or notice 'em when they do get back, and I guess they'll wish they behaved better,' angrily exolaimed Carey. Then she was silent while she tried to adjust her mind to the new order of things. At last she broke out again : ' I'll just make John fork over lotB of tMnga ; i.'ll make Mm gimme the new beagle puppies, and Ms double-bladed jack- knife, and bis beBt pair of dividers, aud I guess I might as well speak for the yearling colt While I'm 'bout it,' she wound up, jumping up from the settle and already full of the idea of her new possessions, which, under the oiroumstaDces, she knew she could wheedle out of John. ' Well, I know what Caroline Jenifer's goin' to do,' said Aunt Jenifer, arranging the contents of her work-basket, takiug oil her apron, and picking the threads off her gown. There was determination in her tone and a flush on ber smooth, pink face. ' I'm goin' to march myself to Dorset, and I'm going to tell every man, woman aud child in that village that John and Hester are mar ried. and I'll wager that before night it will be known all over Dorset parish and the whole oountry to boot ; and if some of tho.se people yonder don't feel about the siza of a pea when I'm done with 'em, then mv name ain't Caroline Jenifer.' And Aunt Jenifer, with skirts tucked up, and her sturdy feet encased iu goloshes, was soon splashing her way over the rnnddy road to spread the news of John and HcstorV marriage. Her triumph was complete. The villagers stared in one another's laces. There was no truth in the dreadful stories; and there never had been ; Colonel Brent was dead; and Hester had boon a widow after all. and John Cecil had known all the time what he was about. Everybody agreed that it was the most suitable maich that had been made m the county for years ; and the whole parish was in an idyllic state of delight over the marriage of John and Hester, and their anticipated return to Capel House, destined to be to them, in a now seme, truly a Chapel of ease.' (Thb End.) 