BOOKS fc PUBLICATIONS^ THE NEAR'EAST. "Twenty Years In the Near East," hy Ardern G. . Hulme-Beamian (London: Methuen' and Company, 1S9S). This delight/rul volume of Methuen's Colo- nial Library has been received from Messrs. Geo. " Robertson and Company, Sydmoy. Mr. Beaman, who joined the Levant Consiuilax Service as stu .demt intaripretëir, was attached to the Embassy ,at Conertontinople. His manifold experiences dur- inga five-years' connecticm with the Consular Ser .-vice, from 1S77 bo 18S2, enable him to intirodmce bis readers to many interesting places, peoples, personall tties, and events. His descriptive powers are of no mean order; and not only has he stories *o relate, but á oharmiing way of telling them. His "Vice-Ooinsuilax position ïn Syria, at Beyrout and "Damasous, affoa'ded him more opportunities oi ve «arcLtog apisodee of Oriental romance tkan politi- cal events. Serious work hegan when be joined the Cairo Agency, under Sir E. Malet , at the perl Bous time of tlhe Anabi revolt, and the botnibard onent of Alexandria by Adm!nail Seymour. He was attache to Sir Garnet Wolseley, throughout tho first Egyptian campaign. Some of his com- mente om 'the question of the British occupation * of -Egypt ore better gilven in his own«words: "Pos- terity," he soys, ''alone can judge of the mission «rf tihat oainjpaiig'ii. Its ineiniediate and continuing conséquence has been to earn for England the bitter enmity of France. The interests of France ! «re ito more sentimental thain material in Egypt; .. but the Ftreñ'cfh aire a sentimental! people, and our presence, in possession of the land of thedr canal te an open ullcer on their pride, to spite cf the financial benefits aocruinig thereby to Parisian bondholders and other finanjoiens wiitlh capital In Bgyipt; As for ow own interests in occupying tho country, I failed to see them. . . ? . We «pend "huge sums of -morney in a caumtry from which we draw nothing, amd we keep-an Achill es¡' heel invitdnig th© arrows of our jealous Continen- te! neighbors. The experience of the first war, If dit 'brought us nofcMng el»e, clearly proved the irseaessne&'s af the Suez Canal as a waterway in . case af war wiitin a foreign enemy. In fact, it may .he taken for granted -tibat not a single, man or ihonse, or soak oí grain, would toe sent through it, if 'hioetlli'tles were begum wi tm France or Rtreeia cither in Egypt or the Far Bast. Indeed, wdüh the inca-eased speed af our large ocean-going fiteannera, the savtag in time would be trifling be-. tween transport through the Mediterranean amd down the Canad amd disipatoh round the Cope, without reckoning the. thousand and one risks of vessels im ühe 'Mediterranean and Canal waters. v': v.';:î aim'.Bot alone in the conviction that the time will dnevltably com© when Bribaiin wlH recognise that her pllace in the -would is at3 a great .OoaonBüll and not aa a European Power, and will withdraw fi rom near Eastern Waters.'" "Let ue suppose, far argaroaent's sake," ¡he continues, "that England retires, from Egypt, and from active in- tervention in Turkey, receiving as a compensation Berne point on the African coast opposite Gibral- tar. The result would be that we should no lon- ger have any quarrel with France, who, on tho other hand, would at once commence a struggle \- with Russia for naval' command of the Mediter- ranean.- . . By no longer opposing Russia in Turkey, there is nb reason why we should not acquire her friendship; . .. . Britain and Rus- sia together could easily rule the world, without fear of any possible combination against them." 'Further on hesaye:"To put the most extreme case, we may give Constantinople to Russia, who will inevitably take it some day; Syria and Egypt to Franco; Mácedonia to Austria; and the rest of the .available territory to any Power who may be able to göt'it. W© should, then be friendly with « France, and could arrange a modus vivendi with her In. Africa, and with Russia in the Far East." "The.comihg conference of European Powers on the Czar's proposal for the disarmament of Europe may possibly initiate' fresh methods, of arranging International disputes; .but it is difficult to imagine that any proposition for the abandonment by Eng- land of her established position In Egypt and the Soudan will ever be favorably entertained. The ambition of England to-day dearly is to see thc British flag float over Africa from Cairo to the Cape. .**" After the hatti« of Tel-el-Kebir' and the cap- ture and subsequent trial of Arabi Pasha, Mr. Beaman, whose sympathies, were with the- so called rebels, quitted the service of the Foreign Office, and became a free lance. As Cairo cor- respondent of the "Standard," he continued in Egypt until 1889, and was engaged in many ex- citing affairs, which form excellent reading mat- tel". In addition to a vivid description of society In Cairo at that time, picturebtes of Baker Pasha and Nubar Pasha, and references to Lord Cromer, \- Gordon, Tewflk, Zobeir, and other well-known per- sons, he generously presents his readers with a "system" for growing rich at baccarat arid other similar games of chance which served him well in .. tis dealings with "the bank." From Egypt the scene of story. changa3 to Servia, and thence to Montenegro, and later on to Bulgaria, the land of the valiant Stamboloff. After .an excellent ac- count of the internal affairs of the Balkan state3, the author takes us to. St .Petersburg, and relates many sporting experiences in pursuit of bears and wolves and other, game in the land where the busi- ness of a newspaper correspondent is a sinecure. The Öongola Expedition- took Mr. rBeaman again to Egypt, 'this time as a war correspondent. After this Crete became the field for gathering the crop of news, and thither he repaired. He demon- strates the futility of the attempt of the European Concert to effeok any permanent. settlement of the »elation of parities in the island. "There is no doubt," he says, ".that when once the Concert of Europe discovered its impo- tency to satisfy the islanders and to «stablish the boasted autonomy, it argued with itself thus: "There are only ascertain number \- of Turkish troops- in the island, and we shall never let any more be landed. These troops, to- gether with the Moslems, are only saved from starvation hy food sent from outside, since the Christians are in possession of all' the interior ? and productive part of Crète. In the course of events the garrisons and the population will get thinned off by death, emigration, desertion, etc., and one flue day the Christians will rise again and finish with the Moslems. And that is what we all want to see." Since Mr. Beaman wrote Prince George of Greece has been made Governor of Crete and Russia in that respect has bad her way. ' ' The last chapter brings us back to Constanti- nople, and gives a lively picture of Turkish poli- tics. Mr. Beaman lifts the veil which hides the mysteries of the YilAiz Palace, the "iona et origo mali" of Turkish misrule. Of Abdul Hamid II. ho gives the following description: "A small sized, stooping, but square-shouldered man, with a hugo hooked Semitic or Armenian nose, shifty hut piercing eyes, under shaggy grey eyebrows, looking out from a wrinkled grey-brown, face, with slow step, and deliberate, caressing utterance of speech, long-fingered claw-lilse - hands, and slender, narrow feet." The "Young Turkey." party, tho more noisy of the reform element, we are told, are mostly recruited from the theological students and from the -naval and military col- leges, whilst it embraces also a considerable number of the old aristocracy, who are disgusted with the influence and power exercised by a brood of potentates who, from being domestic servants within the memory of all the old Pashas, now reign supreme over the once proud Empire of the Ottomans, and are bringing it to rapid ruin. Though fully alive to the superiority of European methods, the "Young Turk" is adverse to having these methods thrust upon them from outside. Europe, however, has come to the con- clusion it is Impossible for the Turks to govern themselves decently, and consequently has never had ' any sympathy with this party of reform. Upon the policy which Great Britain should adopt in relation to Turkey, the author has much to say, and concludes by saying: "We are á great Moslem Power, with millions of Moslem subjects, face to face with a mighty and unscrupulous enemy, and we ought to . make up our minds either to knit closer the ties with our old friends, or else de- part in peace/ and strengthen ourselves within our own borders. Our present policy of backing our enemy and snubbing our possible bulwark against him is neither fish, flesh, nor good red herring." Of the many books to which readers are indebted to newspaper correspondents this of Mr. Beaman is one of the most interesting. There is not a dull "chapter in it, and it throws much light on the old and new Eastern questions. A parcel of books, containing the following, rea- ches us from Messrs. George Robertson and Com- pany: Messrs. Macmillan and Company have proved themselves real benefactors of young people, since they have issued the ever popular, "Alice in Won- derland," hy the late Lewis Carroll, at a price which brings It within the reach of all. For the trifling sum of 6d the complete story may now be obtained, clearly printed, and with Tenniel's ori- ginal pictures beautifully reproduced. "Paving the Way," by Simpson Newland, is described in the sub-title as "a romance of the Australian bush," and is published in Bell's Indi- an and Colonial Library, with twenty-five illus- trations. The author, in the preface, announces that his object in writing the book has been "to blend truth' and Action in a connected narrative," and that "the incidents, though romantic, nra mainly authentic." That the story is of the sen- sational type may easily be gathered from tine titles of its chapters, among which are "The Shipwreck," "The Massacre," "A Race for Life," "Bushrangers at Work," "the "Doom of the Mul- las," "the Death of Captain Thunderbolt," "Ghosts," etc. As a work of Australian pioneer 1 life, written by one evidently deeply interested land familiarly acquainted with the subject, the book has a special value for all interested in the past and future of the youngest continent. ?. ? rr-* : ; ^ ? . : ? .. ? I "Th« Battle of . the Strong," hy Gilbert Parker (Methuen's Colonial.Library),. will be apt to prove something of a disappointmentNtó; his admirers. . The. sce»és are laid.for. the most part in the Chan- nel rlslands, at , the end of the last century, "the battle of Jersey being an eventful epoch in the lives of the chief characters. The story, -which gives the impression .of being somewhat unduly spun out, is1 of a young.naval officer, Phillip d' Avrançhe, the descendant of a noble French fam- ily, born in Jersey, and serving under the Eng- lish flag. With many charming qualities, of un- doubted courage and ability, and of boundless ambition, he is wanting in the self-restraint and stability necessary to permanent success. By a lucky combination of skill and chanoe he climbs to unexpected heights, and his fall ls correspon- dingly great-wife and child, fortune and title, and finally, life itself, being wrenched from him, when he has barely achieved their possession. Gui- da Landresse, the wife whom he deserts for the sake of his ambition, almost too "faultily fault- less" to be interesting; Ranulph Delagarde, and the faithful Cartarette; Detricand of Vaufontaine, who so nobly works out hie own redemption, to- gether with many other characters, play their re- spective parts on the little island, where-notwith- standing ancient customs, characteristic scenes, and local phrases, which give it a strange, half foreign aspect-loyalty to Tie English crown re- mains fervent and unquestioned. "The Mess Deck," by W. F. Shannon (Methu- en's Colonial Library) is a delightful book of breezy yarns of a Kiplingesque flavor, but with an origi- nality and freshness quite their own. One of these relates how an incorrigible sailor, In obedi- ence, to a satirical suggestion by his captain that he would be let off punishment-if he told, the truth, sent him a telegram, "Blind drunk, won!t come. Yours respectful, M. A. Câhoun." Luckily the captain was a mah who appreciated humor, and had a keen insight into human nature, the finalresult of the little episode redounding '? to the glory of both the sailor and his commander. Another gives a vivid description of a "fight in the dark" in a Chinese den in Sydney between/half a dozen blue jackets and the "king of Larrikin Point," and his followers; while a "Hard-lying Tale" is fitly intro- duced as follows by the Torpedo Coxswain "Well; there's-no call for you to believe it, not if it's a strain on your faith-bump. But you know very well that blue jackets always tell's the George Washington truth, except it's more artistic not to, or more useful, or they ain't thinking." These pro- visoes must certainly be borne in mind throughout the mess-deck stories so graphically and persuas- ively told; hut it would be ungracious to insist on serious accuracy or scientific probabilities, when the twinkling merriment of the narrator shines visibly in every phrase. -"The Emergency Ra- tion, "Ginge," and "Bare Navy" are distinctly of the ''artistic" order, but Mr. Shannon infuses such lifelike. reality into the persons of his friends. Chatty Mather, the Torpedo Coxswain, and the other imaginary historians, that one takes their good faith fdr granted, and even their veracity seems unimpeachable,, save to the critical after judgment of one's cooler moments. From Geo. Robertson and Company we have re- ceived a copy of "Half-Crown Bob," by Mr. Price Warung. This volume includes reprints of many stories and sketches of Riverina River life. The author, it must be confessed, has a strong ten- dency to an over-free use of the gruesome. There is a want of delicacy of touch, and an absence of lightness, which make his stories fall short, in attractiveness. The story of "Half-Crown Bob" is the iongest in the volume, and would, perhaps, have been a better story if its length had not been so great. The hero is so superla- tively good that one tires of him. The story which probably most readers will remember is that of "Brothers Twain," which is told with considerable power. 