NEWS AND NOTES. The Collie Coal.-It will be rtmem> bared that when the German-Australian steamer Sommerfeld was at Fremantle recently, the local agents for the vessel, Messrs. Strelitz Bros., gave instructions to the captain, in accordance with advices received from the head office of the com- pany in Germant', to make a trial of the Collie coal for steaming purposes on the voyage to Adelaide. In order to carry out the test thoroughly 193 tons of the local fuel were taken on board, and arrange- ments were made with the engineers to usa the Collie coal exclusively between the two ports. The Sommerfeld arrived at Ade- laide on Friday last, and yesterday Messrs. Strelitz Bros, received the following tele- gram from Messrs. Geo. Wills and Co., the agents for the German- Australian line in South Australia :-" Captain of Sommerfeld reports Collie coal consumption about 30 tons daily, against 27 of ordinary Aus- tralian. Collie ash only half ordinary Australian. Considers answered well, although tried nnder unfavourable condi- tions. Posting full report." The Premier's Murchison Tkip.-Sip John Forrest left the Perth Central Station yesterday by the 2 30 p.m. ordinary train for Geraldton, en route for Cue. He wa3 accompanied by Bishop Kiley, Mr. A. P. Matheson, M.L.C., and Mr. F. Illingworth, M.L.A. The Minister of 3Iines (Mr. H. B. Lefroy) will join the party at Moora, on the Midland Company's " line, and Mr. F. Whitcombe, M.L.C., at Geraldton. Several members of Parliament and departmental officers assembled at the central station yesterday afternoon to witness the Premier's departure. Eecent Visit op the Mayor op Mel- bourne.- The following communication has bean received by his Worship the . TMayor of Perth from the Town Clerk of Melbourne (Mr. John Clayton) :-" I hav« the honour to inform you that at the last meeting of the Council of the City of Mel- bourne, the Eight Worshipful the Mayor (Cr. McEacharn) informed ilia council of the hearty reception accorded to him by yourself and the members of your council on the occasion of his recent visit to Western Australia, whereupon the council adopted a resolution, a copy of which, by4 the council's direction, I have very great pleasure in forwarding to yon herewith." The extract from the proceedings of the City Council of Melbourne and the, resolu- tion forwarded is as follows :-" The Eight Worshipful the Mayor, in informing the council of his recent visit to Wostern Aus- tralia, referred to the many courtesies ex- tended to him by the Government of that colony and by tlie Mayors and councillors of Perth, Coolgardie, and Kalgoorlie, whereupon it was resolved, on the motion of Alderman Bayles, seconded by Alder- man Cartor, that the thanks of the council be expressed to the Government of Western Australia and to the Mayors and council- lors of the municipalities mentionnd for the kind reception accorded to his Worship the Mayor, and for the courtesies extended to him by them during his stay in the colony, and the compliment thereby paid to the council and citizens of this city."' Intercolonial Mail.-The regular weekly mail for the Eastern colonies will be made up at the General Post Office to- day at 1.45 p.m. for transmission by the E.M.S. Himalaya. Ministerial.-It was announced in the last issue of the Governmtnt Gazette that His Excellency the Governor, by his deputy, in Executive Council has directed that during the temporary absence from the colony of Mr. F., H. Piesse, M.L.A., Commissioner of Railways and Director of Public Works, tho duties of his several offices shall be performed by Sir John Forrest, M.L.A., Colonial Treasurer. Fremantle Lunatic Asylum. - The monthly concert at the Fremantle Lunatic Asylum, under the direction of Mr. W. O. Mason, v-ill be given on Wednesday next, May 10, when the undermentioned ladies and gentlemen will take part:-Missa3 Teresa Garrick, M. and C. Hatchett, M. Waugh, Thorpe, D. O'Hara, Chester, Haw- kins, McEenna, Eichards, Mills, Hender- son, N. and E. and T. Harken, and Messrs, J. Gardiner, Holt, and E. Flanders. Fremantle Policb Court.-In the Fre- mantle Police Court yesterday the Bench consisted of Messrs. James Lilly, acting K.M., and W. T. John, J.P. Richard Light- foot, nightwatchman at the railway goods shed, was charged with being in the un- lawful possession of three bottles of whisky reasonably supfîsei, to have bssn stolen. On the application of. the police a remand was granttd until to-day. Tan Honorary Magistracy-At Fie- mantle yesterday, Mr. J. J. Holmes, 31 L.A., was sworn in by Mr. J. Lilly, acting E M., as.a justice of the peace for the Fremantle district. The Stevens Benefit.-A special meet- ing of the general committee appointed to control the affairs of the theatrical carni- val held in aid of the widow and orphan of the late Mr. George Stevens, was held at the Cremorne Theatre yesterday at noon. Mr. George Jones presided. The meetingi ?was heldowing to Mrs. Stevens, one of the beneficiaries, baring taken exception to tho disposal of tho funds as decided upon by the committee at previous meetings. Mis. Stevens was in attendance, but was not called upon to express her wishes A majority of the committee,to avoidfuithor discussion, carried a voto that the net sum received-some ¿6169 odd-bo handed to her, the resolutions passed at previous meetings of the committee being rescinded. A cheque for the above amount, which in -v-'Tluded a guinea from Sir John Forrest, the receipt of which was announced by the chairman, was therefore handed to Mrs. Stevens. Perth Weather. - The temperature readings at the Perth Observatory yester- day were: Maximum, 79'8; minimum, 62-1. - Perth Iniantry Socials.-The winter socials under the management of the non- commissioned officers of the Perth Infantry, in their drill hall, will be resumed this y Evening. Several members of the Bohe- mian Club and other vocalists will contri- bute selections. The committee, with the permission of the officers, have decided to hold a social and dance on the 2'lth inst. Outbreak op Fire in Hay-stbeet.-At IO 24 p.m. yesterday the Aro brigade was called to attend what proved to be a trifling "outbreak of fire which had occurred in tho basement of Hobbs's buildings at the cor- ner of Hay and Pier streets. The promises in which the fire took place are occupied by Messrs. Oest and Co., bicycle repairers, who, in their business, use an oven encased in asbestos for enamelling purposes. The asbestos had been covered by a wooden casing, which had become ignited by a gas stove used for beating the oven. The damage done waa but slight, the fue being extinguished by a hand pump. The upper portion of the building is occupied by Messrs. Splatt, Wall and Co., bicycle importers. Sampson, printer, and Shailand, painter, on the ground floor; while the first floor is occupied by the Land Bank, litho branch of thu Lands Survey Depart- ment and the stationery branch of the Stores Department. The plant and ma- chinery owned by Messrs. Oesfc aud Co.f were uninsured. Fremantle Water Supply.-So brackish has the water supply of Fremantle been f or some months past that it has occasioned serious complaint. ' At the half-yearly meeting of Fremantle ratepayers held last night a resident in the person of Mr. W" E.Wray stated that he thought the council was not actively interesting itself in get- ting the bad water remedied. This was re- pudiated by the chairman (Cr. W. T. John), who stated that a committee of the council had inspected the source of supply, and had-taken samples from the water-drives, tanks, and mains. These samples had been submitted to the Government Analyst. The council were very much (alive to the necessity of a pure supply. The town clerk stated that ho had that day received a letter from the Government (Analyst de- clining to make the analysis of the water unless he were paid £2 2s. each for the 24 samples submitted, or over ¿50 in all. On behalf of the council he (the town clerk) had written to the engineer for water supply (Mr. T. Hodgson) pointing out the seriousness of the position, and insisting that as the Government controlled the water supply it was their duty to give the people a good and palatable wator. It was also asked that the water-drives at the prison should bo properly examined, and the salt inrush which was contamina- ting the whole supply blocked out. Cr. Newbold declared that the water was becoming worse day by day. The fact of the matter whs that the works were con- trolled by officials who took no interest whatever in them and resented the sug- gestions and interference of the council. Till the Premier was appioached he de3 ' paired of any change for the better taking place. Cr. Harry Wilson said that a most serious aspect of the case had been men- tioned to him. He had 'reason to believe that the water was responsible for the in- crease in mortality amongst infants on the outskirts of the town. These childi en when brought into the town were given the water, which disagreed with them and in some cases fatally so, From whatever aspect it was viewed the present condition oE the water was most serious. The matter then dropped. The New Baptist Church -The open- ing services of the now church erected by the Baptists of Perth in Museum-street were continued on Sunday. The chinch was filled in the morning, when the Rev. E. H. Ellis, of Adelaide, delivered an im- pressive discouise. After the service the Rev. A. S. Wilson presided over h ooni munion service. Tn the afternooti an evangelistic'service was held in the Sunday ' school, and was addressed by the Bev. W. Kennedy, of Katanning, and the Super- intendent, Mr G. H. Cargeeg. At the ^ evening service the church was crowded to overflowing. Mr. Ellis again preached in a forcible manner, especially to young people. On Monday night a special gathering of the church membeis and adherents was held in the assembly room of the church for a service, the subject being, "The Deepening of the Spiritual Life." Again Mr. Ellis was the speaker, delivering a stirring address on the words, " Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye be- lieved?" A lecture on "Gieat Preachers I have met and heard" is to be given in the church at,8 io-night. St. Albano Parishi-The second annual meeting of the parishioners of St. Alban's, North Perth, was held in Highgate Hall last night, under the chairmanship of the rector, the Rev. P. J. Pi ice. The report of the vestry, which was presented, showed that the offertories and contributions had incieased as compared with those of the previous year. Satisfaction was expressed at the completion during the year of 'the enlargement and furnishing of the church. The total cost of the work had boen ¿£920 3s. lid. The report indicated satisfactory progress in general in connection with the' affairs of the parish. The report was adopted. ' The churchwardons and vestry for the ensuing year was thcu ulected as follows : - Sector's churchwaiden, Mr. Henry Baker; people's chuichwarden, Mr. J. T Tredrea; vestry, Messis. H. Smith, J. Tomelty, T. AV. Ottaway, Ranee, sen., H. Tolhurfct, E. A. Letth, Schotter, Wilson, J. M. Jenkins and J. Mills. The iectorat the conclusion of the meeting expressed the hope that during the ensuing j ear the parishioners would make the special effort necessary to justify the,continuance of the parish as a separate organisation. A vote of thanks was accoidtdto the auditors, Mr. J. Maychurgu Jenkins aud T. Cuthbert. The Perth Museum.-The Curator of the Perth Museum (Mr. Bernard H. Wood- ward) desires to acknowledge the follow- ing donations during the past month : Mr. W. K. Adam, R.M., long- billed honey- eater i (meliornis longirostris), yellow Vplumad honey-eater (ptilotisomata), short nosed bandicoot (perameles obesula) ; the trustees British Museum, list of fossil cophalapoda in the British Museum ; Go- vernment Geologist, a collection of geolo- gical maps ; Mr. P. W. Miller, f 0S3il uni- valva (venus laqueata) 20ft. below surface at Fremantle ; Mr. J. G. Reynolds, a speci- men of schorl ; Mr. A. R. Keesing, lizard (agama sp.); Mr. W. K. Adam, R.M., black-tailed trce-craoper (cliraactcris mela nura) ; Mr. C. H. Pierce, a finch (fringella sp ) ; Mr. Mills, mole cricket (gryllotalpa vulgaris) ; Mc. Joseph Pascoe, moloch lizard (moloch liorridus); Mr. C. TI. Pierce, weaver finch (amadina faciata) ; Mr. C. Forth, snake skin (?) ; Mr. Richard A. Bastow, " Key to Tribes and Genera of Melano3p9rma ;" the diroctor British Museum, "List of Typeä of Fossil Cephal apoda, 1S0S;" Mr. Abjornuson, 23 ^psci mens of Ssh ; the director Zoological Gar- dens, ostrich (strutbio caraelns) ; Mr. W. K. Adam, black-cheeked falcon (falco niola nogenys) ; Mr. W. D. Campbell, a collec- tion of drlod plants frain Menzies, etc.-, Mr. T. Birch, three native message sticks, Gascoyne trap-door spidgr's nest, Cue ; Mr. W. K. Adam, R.M., black-gloved wallaby (macropus irma) : Mr. Wade, black swan (ehenopis atrata) ; Mr. S. H. Edwards, dandritic manganese in slate; Hon. the Minister for Mines, Sydnoy, " Ethnological Series No. 1 ¡" Mr. Jas. Eeeve, " Report on the Norwich Museum for 189S;" Govern- ment Geologist, bulletin No. 3, " The Geology of the Coolgardie Goldfield;" Registrar General, " Statisticil Register, Part XIII;" trustees Australian Museum, "Records of the Museum, Vol. 3, P.irt 5;" Mr. Win. Wyatt, gold in doeomposad xnag nesian silicate ; Mr. Thos. Mens, coralline from Fremantle ; Mr. W. Wimbridge, sea bare (aplysia dopilans); Mr. W. Ellis, piayiug mantis (duira) -, Registrar General, " Statistical Registrar, Part 3." The pur- chases include-Three parson birds (pros themadera Novae Zealandio). * The num- ber of visitors to the Museum during April was 3,89(3, of whom 1,893 carne on' Sunday afternoons. Industrial School at Subiaco.-The Colonial Secretary (Mr. George Randell), accompanied'by the Inspector of Charit- able Institutions (Mr. Longmore), paid a visit of inspection to the Industrial School at Subiaco yesterday morning, to inquire into certain matters affecting the institu- tion. The Minister found that the,shop3 which ara being erected on the premises of the institution are very nearly completad, and he states that as soon as the keys are handod over by the Public Works Däpart ínent to the institution, the training given to the boys at the school will be consider- ably extendel. Settlement.-The Minister of Lands (Mr. Throssell) received a report yester- day from the Government land agent at Newcastle (Mr. A. Piesse), explaining that during the past month he had received one application for a homestead farm of 160 acres and one for a suburban lot. He anticipates receiving during the winter mauy applications for Coondle lots and lands in other parts of the country. The recent rains, he added, had caused the gqass to sprout, and in places the country was quite green. Lambing had already commenced on some estates, and the larger agriculturists had begun sowing opera- tions. . Adelaide Steamship Co., Ltd.-Mr. W. E. .Moxon, the general manager in Western Australia for the Adelaide Steam- ship Co., Ltd., will leave Fremantle on Thursday next by the steamer Wollowra on a holiday trip to the Eastern colonies. Mr. Moxon will be away from the colony some months, and during his absence Mr. F. Clare, who has been in charge of the Albany branch of the company ( during the past six year3, and prior to that filled a responsible position for,the company in South Australia, will assume the manage- ment of tho Fremantle branch. South Fremantle Ratepayers' Asso- ciation.-A special meeting of the South Fremantle Ratepayers' Association was held last night at the Beaconsfield Hotel. Mr. W. F. Wood presided over an excellent attendance. The rules relating to the con- stitution of theVcommittee were altered to piovide that six out of the twelve members should retire each half-year. It was arranged that a monster deputation should wait on the Fremantle Council at its next meeting and urge the immediate construc- tion of the roads and streets on the esti- mates for the south ward. Mr. G. J. Brockman and His Natives. -In another column we publish a letter from Mr. G. J. Brockman, of Minilya station, Gascoyne, giving his version of the circumstances under which he was fined at Carnarvon some weeks ago for assaulting a native servant in his employ. Mr. Brockman also makes charges against other settlers and the police. Finally he solicits a Government investigation into the treat- ment of the natives on his station, and he offors to pay £1,000 to the Perth Hospital if it can be proved that he has ever com- mitted an act of cruelty to a native within the last 26 years in the colony. Accident at a Railway Crossing. -Yesterday afternoon a horse attached to a cart stumbled through its foot catch- ing in the space between two rails at the William-street railway crossing., Three boys, who were on the oarfc at the time, were thrown to the ground, one named Moore being so severely shaken that he was taken to the hospital and there de- tained for treatment. Tue Supreme Court.-The Full Court will sit this morning to continue the hear- ing of the case of Regina v. Wainscot. Subsequently Mr. Justice Hensman will sit to hear the case of Russell v. the Britannia G.M. Company, with a jury, and the Chief Justice will probably also sit at nt'si^irius. Presentation.-Last evening the em- ployees of Messrs. Barnett'Bros., of Hay street, presented Mr. B. E. Barnett, one of ' the members of the firm, with a spirit stand as a wedding gift, the recipient leaving Perth to-day for Melbourne, where his marriage.will take place. Speeches es- pressivo of the good-will towards Mr. Barnett were delivered, and his health was heartily drunk. ' Messrs. Amsberg, Williams and Co. direci special attention to tha collection of rattan cuner, are furniture and 25 four-fold screeus to be sold by auction, without reserve, at their rooms, H.-iy-strset, this afternoon at 3 o'clock. Attention is directed lo Messrs. B. C. Wood and Co.'s auctions to-day. At 11 a.m. a sale of household furniture will take place at Lodding ton, Pier- street, and at 2.30 p.m. an auction of American iurniture will be held in Mr. C. A. Saw's new building, Haj -street. ^/ The furnitui e ot Mi. J. C. Hills will be open' for mtpection to-d.iy after 10 a.m. Catalogues eau be obtained at the house or at the offices of Messis. B. C. Wood and Co. Pioui the repoit o£ Saturday's concert at the Leibiiro Hour Club, the nnmo o£ Mr. McQueen was inadvertently omitted. Mr. McQueen suc ceisfully snug '.Sunshine Above" and "Ora Pío Nobis." To Cure Sore Eyes, apply Morris's Imperio Etc fclinlinenfc, and avoid intense suffering i. ever be without it. Oror lift/year» in ma ltcitise .di substitutes. AJol3»'iäs. Sold every- where. 