CURRENT TOPICS. English Mails.-The English mails ex R.M.S. Victoria, dated February 3, are due here per s. Pateena to-day. Denison' Gorge.-The Railway 'De partment notifies a cheap trip to this spot on Saturday next. Bank Holiday.-Oilicial intimation is given that Friday, 17th inst., will be observed as a bank holiday in the towns of Fingal and Latrobe. Commercial Banak.-The half-yearly meeting of the Commercial Bank will be held at Hobalrt on Tuesday next at noon. The transfer books are closed until that date. Marine Board.-Only the Master Warden (Mr. Robert Carter), Wardens Green and Gardiner put in an appear ance for yesterday's fortnightly Ma rine Board meeting, which, therefore, in the absence of a quorum, stands ad joui'ned until Tuesday week. Harbour Improvements.-During the past four months the dredge Platypus has been working abreast of the Queen's Wharf, 5467 cubic yards of hard material having been dealt with in that period. The contractors are making good progress with the sheet piling at Town Point. Afternoon Drives.-The fine weather should make driving very enjoyable, and the opportunities offered to vist tors and others this afternoon by the Tourists' Association will no doubt at tract many pleasure-seekers. All five drives, as advertised, are popular, em brace very good scenery, and deserve the patronage of the public. Service of Song.-A service of song, entitled "Cornfields of the Bible," was given at the Salvation Army barracks last night, when there was a fair at tendance. Prior to the meeting the band paraded the streets, the male members being attired in naval uni forms, and the girls in harvest dresses. A very enjoyable evening was spent. Adjutant Knight was in charge. Alleged False Pretences.-Yesterday morning William Henry Woodgate and Samuel Ringrose were arraigned be fore the Police Magistrate at the City Police Court, charged with having ob tained the sum of £4 from David Storrer by means of a. valueless cheque. Woodgate pleaded guilty, and Ringrose not guilty. Superinten dent Scott applied for a remand of one week, which was granted. United Band Concert.-The three local bands give a concert in the City Park this evening, and as a capital pro gramme has been prepared there should be a good attendance. The St. Joseph's and City Bands will play the selections that they have in prepara tion for the Melbourne contest, and the Garrison will contribute two new and high-class pieces. The concert com mences at eight sharp, and the gates will be opened half an hour earlier. Longford Totalisator Case.-Pro ceedings have been instituted against five Hobart residents in connection with the totalisator dispute at the last Longford races. The Hon. R. Byron Miller (Miller and Miller) will conduct the prosecution, and Messrs. M. J. Clarke, M.H.A., J. H. Keating, and Herbert Nicholls (of Hobart) have been retained for the defence. The case will be heard at Longford on Monday next, but there is a probability of it extending. into Tuesday. Cost of Hopper Barges.-The experi ence of the Marine Board goes to show that 'hopper barges are expensive things to purchase. The board could do with some addition to its plant, and in answer to an application has re ceived from Messrs. Cowper and Son, Melbourne, the following approximate prices for hopper barges (dumb): 200 tons' capacity, £2150; 300 tons, £3075; 400 tons, £3995; 500 tons, £4750. These quotations are for de livery in the United Kingdom in pieces. Miss Deleuse's Concert.-Good pro gress is being made with the arrange ments for this concert, which is to take place in the Mechanics' Institute on Monday night. An excellent pro gramme, in which the principal vocal ists and instrumentalists will take part, Is being drawn up. Miss Deleuse will sing two of the songs with which she has made a name for herself in .Vic toria, and will take part in a. duet with Miss B. Ferguson. The concert gives promise of being a great success in every way. ,, / ( .. . / .. : Alleged Illegal Sale of Meat.--Yes terday morning at the Police Court, be fore Messrs. E. Whitfeld, P.M., and G. Cragg, J.P., John Calvert was charged with having on the 9th ult. sold a quantity of meat without a slaughter- ing license. Superihtendent Beresford conducted the prosecution, and Mr. M. J. Clarke appeared on behalf of the de fendant, who pleaded not guilty. The evidence for the prosecution given by William Charles Burns, Catherine Burns, and Elizabeth Adams, was of' such a nature that it did not implicate Calvert, and therefore there was no case against him. The magistrates dismissed the information. Coast Trade Certificates.- The Mas- ter Warden of the Hobart Marine Board (Captain Evans) has written Mr. R. Carter, Master Warden at Launceston,, stating that the members of. the soutihern body are of opinion that the regulatibn with regard to the use of the quadrant is far too slrin gent to. enable' the class of men who are in the habit of taking out coast. trade certificates to pass the' examina tion. The Launceston board is aske'J to co-operate, so that the regu.lationa may be passed in a shape agreeable to the Hobart and other boards. He hopes the Launceston wrirdens will see their way clear to amend their recom mendations by having the lart objec ted to struck out. The letter will be, brought before the board at its next meeting on. 21st inst. River Services.-The harbour-master' (Captain Bradley) in his monthly re port to the Master Warden states that all the buoys,, beacons, and river light houses are in good order, and the watermen's licensed boats, of which he has made an inspection, well founa and kept. He recommends the docking of the Wybia for her annual overhaul after she has towed the ship Hoppet. to sea. The majority of the coasting: fleet has, he reports, been surveyed for equipment under by-law 17. H.M.S. Goldfinch was, on her recent visit, moored at the new dolphins in Home Reach-a great improvement, in her officers' opinion, on mooring to the buoy at Town Point-but to render the accommodation perfect it is necessary, the harbour-master thinks, to remove the edge of the bank in the berth by dredging. Court of Requests.-Mr. Commis sioner 'E. D. Dobbie presided at the monthly sitting of the Court of Re quests yesterday morning. The cases John Stephenson, G. T. Freeman, and Frederick Banks v. L. A. Court, goods sold, £1 is 6d; and Edward Wells v. Arthur Armitage,. money-lent, 5s, were struck out, they having been settled out of court.-James Holmes sued William Connors. for 17s rent and damage to tenement. Mr. T. Shields appeared for plaintiff. No defence was entered,and plaintiff having proved his claim, a verdict for' the full amount was returned.-Albert and William Macrow sought to recover £10 for con version from Ernest Gardiner. Mr. W. Tynan appeared for plaintiff. As in the previous case, no defence was filed, and plaintiffs having proved their case, a verdict was awarded them for the amount claimed. Fire Brigade Board.-The monthly meeting of the above board was held yesterday afternoon, when there were present-Messrs. P. M'Crackan, W. Bain, and R. Gunn. Mr. M'Crackan was elected chairmaan of the meeting, it being the first of the board's year, and Mr. H. Weedon was unanimously re- elected as permanent chairman. The secretary stated that Mr. Weedon and Mr. S. J. Sutton were reappointed by the insurance companies and Council respectively. The chairman and sec retary, as instructed at the previous.. meeting, drew up a :report to be pre seated to the Governor-in-Council, which showed that the receipts for the year were £907 7s Gd, while the ex penditure amounted to ££952 11s 5d. Four fires were reported as having oc curred during the month, the expenses of which amounted to £34 8ss Gd. It. was decided to procure a brake for the fire engine at a cost of :E3 l0s. Ac counts amounting to £97 2s 2d were passed for payment. Benevolent Society.-The weekly. meeting of the executive committee, was held yesterday .afternoon, when there were present-Captain W. R. Barwood (chairman), 'Messrs. J. G. Wilkins, J. C. 'Genders, Alfred. Jones, R. H. Sleeman, R. Cameron (secre tary), and T. Clements (superintendent of the Asylum). . Apoogies were re ceived for the absence of 'Messrs. Bourke and Steer. The secretary re ported having granted temporary re lief during the week to four men andi two women. Of the men one was assisted for two days, two for three days, and one was under medical treatment. On the permanent roll': there were 34 men, 103 women, and 136 children; total, 273. Accounts for the month amounting to £88 18s 91.: were passed for payment. The fol lowing rations were distributed during" the month:-Bread, 44821b.; meat,: 21.781b.; tea, 921b.; and sugar,. 7431b.:. One case was struck off the perma nent roll. Breach of the Fisheries' Act.-At the Police Court yesterday morning Ronald Fletcher was charged with hav ing caught'eight salmon trout by other' means that by angling with a.rod and line, to wit, by netting. He pleaded guilty. The Police.Magistrate stated that defendant was liable to a fine of' £5, but as it was his first offence, and he was in poor circumstances, he would only inflict a penalty of 5s, with. costs. He hoped defendant would be more careful in future, and only catch. trout with a rod and line. The see retary of the Northern Tasmanian Angling Association wishes it under-. stood that fishermen on the river, though they take out annual licenses,. must not capture trout with the net, as it is illegal; they must use the rod. and line. All fish coming from river ports by the daily steamers will be: examined, and if any trout are found which do not show signs of having been caught on the hook the offenders. will be proceeded against, and a heavy penalty asked for. A Jockey's Funeral.-The remains of' John Fitzgerald, the well-known jockey, who was thrown from the race hore Wolfgang at Hobart on Saturday" and killed, arrived from the south by mail train yesterday 'morning. The funeral took place in the afternoon, the* body being interred in the Roman Catholic Cemetery. The cortege was'. a large: one, the leading trainers and several owners in the north paying their last tribute of respect to one who' was esteemed by his fellow-riders. The relatives of deceased were also pre sent, and a large number of wreaths; were sent by friends,some of them being very beautiful. These included floral tributes from the Tasmanian Racing Club, Mr. Toplis (owner. of Wolfgang), Messrs. M. Doyle, Roach, Gault, and other trainers. The T.R.C. officials at Hobart acted in a very praiseworthy manner, they kindly bearing the ex- pense of the coffin and the conveyance of the body to Launceston. The ser- vice at the grave was read by Father Cunningham. Asylum Grounds.—At the weekly mueting of the board of management of the Benevolent Asylum yesterday Mr. Alfred Jones asked the acting chairman (Mr. W. R. Barwood) if he had noticed in the report of the pro- cuzdings of the City Council that the Premier had written to the Mayor, ask ing if he would be good enough to con- sider, as a means by which the Laun- ceston Asylum Grounds could be trans- ferred to the municipality, the proposal that the inmates of that asylum (a steadily decreasing quantity) be re- moved to the Few Town Charitable Institution. MrI. Barwood said he had read the report of the Council meet- ing, and also' the sub-leader on the same question in that morning's "Ex- aminer," but as the Premier's letter had been referred to the Committee of the Whole Council he did not think it would be wise to take any notice of that communication at present. The board of management would have ample opportunity of discussing the question when the opportune time ar- rived. News from the Islands.—After a lengthy cruise in the Bismarck Archi- pelago. the Sydney brigantine Enter- prise has returned to Sydney. The Enterprise was under charter to a Ger- man company, and in the course of her cruise visited New Britain, New Hanover, Admiralty, Hermit, and An- chorites groups, picking up during her six months' charter a good deal of cargo, in the shape of copra, pearl- shell, etc. No trouble was experienced with the natives, and at the islands visited Captain Feast found everything quiet. On one occasion the schooner proceeded to the Hermit Group, and rescued the crew of the schooner Wel- come, which was lost there some months ago. The German New Guinea company's steamer was also lost at the Islands about the same time, and the Sydney steamer Captain Cook, which was chartered to take her place, was met by the Enterprise at New Britain. On the return trip the En- teirprise called at the German Solomon Group. It was at these islands that the cutter Sea Ghost was captured by the natives, and the crew massacred. Benevolent Asylum. At the conclusion of the business of the weekly meeting of the Benevolent Society yesterday the superintendent of the asylum (Mr T Clements) reported that there were remaining in the institution on February 1, 130 males and 41 females; admitted during the month, 7 males and 2 females; discharged, 6 males, 2 females; died, 5 males, 1 female; remaining on March 1, 126 males and 40 females; total, 166. Those who died were: Males - George Wallace, native of England, aged, 78; James Norton, native of Ireland, 74; James Smith, native of England, 74; John Webster, ditto, 80; William Herding, ditto, 89 years; total, 395 years, giving an average of 79 years. The only death among the females was Emily Ann Clark, native of England, 78 years. The revenue, including the Government revenue of £166 13s 4d, amounted. to £172 6s 1d, and expenditure £172 8s 4d. A sack of flour was acknowledged from Mr Woodberry, of Fingal. As the contracts for meat, bread, coal, and burials expire this month it was decided to call for tenders again, the same to, close on the 20th inst. A sub-committee was appointed to deal with them. An Inquisitive Bird.—A strange cir- cumstance is reported from a district near Moree. Recently Mr. H. E. Mur- ray, of Welben (relates a Sydney jour- nal), dropped a pocket-book while rid- ing after a mob of horses in one of his paddocks. Although he recollected at the time that it contained half a sovereign wrapped in a piece of paper, he did not stop to pick it up, but took a mental note of the spot. The place was in a remote part, so he did not fear that any traveller would come across it. The book is fitted with a brass clasp, and this was secure when it fell to the ground. Next day he travelled back to the place, but was astonished to find that the clasp had been opened and the contents strewn about. On looking around he found the piece of paper in which the half sovereign had been wrapped, and then came across the coin by itself. He is confident the work of opening was per- formed by a bird called the "weetah," which is' well known as being very in- quisitive. It had evidently carried the coin to where it was found. A pencil, which was in the pocket-hook, could not be discovered, and apparently it had taken a fancy to this and carried it off. Journalistic Women.—The average earnings of a woman journalist and how to enter the world of journalism were two, of the points that Miss Bate- son touched upon in a very interesting lecture on "Journalism" at the Women's Institute. Taking into con- sideration the good and the badly paid work, £150 to £200 a year was put as the average earnings of an ordi- nary woman journalist, with £1000 as the outside limit, seldom, if ever reached. "Get into journalism where you can and how you can" was the burden of the lecturer's advice-that is, of course, for those who feel specially fitted for it, and who, are determined to take up the profession. One might serve a kind of apprenticeship as a typewriter in a newspaper ofiice, or to a journalist, or one might put interest ing items into paragraphs and send them to the papers; these were side ways into the land of promise. And when you were there you found jour- nalism an art of discretion which re- quired you to hold ,up your sleeve things far more interesting than those you gave out. A successful journalist, we are told, must be composite—busi- ness-like, shrewd, sharp, prompt, brief, and yet, with it all, having a charm of expression that captures interest.— "WVoman's World." Affairs in Japan.-A correspondent writing to a Sydney exchange from Kobe, Japan, under date January 27, says:-"On and after the first day of July all foreign residents in Japan will, by a new treaty (to come into operation on that date), be directly un- der the control of the native judicial authority. Heretofore, foreigners have been subject to the jurisdiction of their respective Consuls, and considerable interest will at first be taken in the working of the new act. It is to be hoped that the judicial system is to be run more in accordance with British rather than the French method. Japan, since the war, has been going in heavily for protection, and duties rang- ing from 30 to 60 per cent. have been imposed on various imported articles. On July 1 next a tax of 10 sen. per register ton will be imposed on all shipping frequenting their ports. The silver coinage has been withdrawn from circulation, and a gold standard been adopted. Much of the increased revenue is being spent. on army de- velopment, this branch of the defence forces not being up to the navy stan dard. Lord Charles Beresford, who has been touring the East in the in terests of the British Chamber of Commerce, was entertained at a din ner, given in Yokohama by the British communities of that city and Tokio, just previous to his departure for America per the America Maru, and met with an enthusiastic reception. Opinions.-If official statistics are of any value, the annual report of the Labour Department on strikes and lock-outs should drive home the les- son of latter-day labour troubles. Mr. Llewellyn Smith's return for 1897 shows that 230,000 men lost 10,000,000 working days, and attained their ob- ject for which they fought in a bare 21 per cent. of the conflicts. In the last five years over 60,000,000 working days have thus been lost, representing, probably, a net sacrifice of some £18,000,000 or £20,000,000 in wages alone.-"Saturday Review." The Jingo has been at last defined. This was in the sentence in which Lord Salisbury declared that there were certain per- sons among us who believed that it was "our duty to take everything we could get, to fight everybody, and to make a quarrel of every dispute." Here is a definition of a true Jingo. "Speaker." For 25 years and more the French Republicans have kept yel- ling that the Napoleonic gods are dead. They remind one of the early Chris tians, who constantly cried out the same thing about the Pagan deities, when, in fact, the latter were not dead at all, but simply made the propa- gators of the new faith quake with fear. The Napoleonic gods are not dead; they are, perhaps, not wholly awake, but decidedly only slumbering, as they slumbered between 1815 and the end of 1848. It requires but one man fully to arouse them by reciting in a stentorian voice the Napoleonic legend; the voice must, however, be sufficiently stentorian to drown the Republicans' yells. Is the man at hand?—"Illustrated London News." 