LITERARY WOl'Eb. The nature of Rudyard Kipling's griev ance against Messrs. Putnam's Sons is now disclosed (says "Literature"). It is prin cipally directed against the 60-called "in forming guide" to the Kipling 'writings which is included in the last volume of the unauthorised Brushwood edition. This "informing guide," which bears the title "A Ken of Kipling," is described as the work of "a certain Air. Clemens," nephew of Mark Twain, and his principal claim to i literary distinction rests upon the compila tion of a jest book. Mrs. Ritchie says that when her father (Thackeray) "wrote a poem he used to be more agitated than when he wrote in prose. He would «come into the room worried and excited, saving, 'Here are two more days wasted. I have done nothing at all. It has taken me four mornings^ work to produce six lines.' Then, after a further struggle, all would go well." It has been remarked that while Thacke ray more than once made mention of Dickens, in terms of praise, in his writings, there was no corresponding mention of Thackeray by Dickens. But a letter quoted by Mrs. Ritchie, in the introduction to the "Lovel the Widower" volume of Thacke ray's works, proves that Dickens took proper means to show his appreciation, and it is very likely that he shrank from paying back compliments in public lest doing so should provoke cvnics to sneer. The let^r, dated March 23, 1855, runs thus:-"My Dear Thackeray,-I have read in 'The Times' to-day an account of _ your last night's lecture, and cannot refrain from as suring you in all truth and earnestness that I am profoundly touched by your fenerous reference to me. I do not know j ow to tell you what a glow it spread over ray heart. Out of its fulness I do entreat you to believe that I shall never forget your words of commendation. If you could wholly know at once how you have moved me, and how you have animated me^ you would be the happier I am certain.-lfaith-, fully yours ever, Charles Dickens. I When resigning the editorship of the "Cornhill" in 1862, in order to give all his time to novel writing, Thackeray wrote: "Once, on a voyage to America, I met a sea captain who was passenger in a ship he had formerly commanded. No man could be more happy and cheerful than this. He rode through the gale with the most per fect confidence in toe ship and its captain; j he surveyed the storm as being another gentleman's business." In the following year (Mav, 1863), when engaged on "Denis Duval," the unfinished novel, he made this j note:-"I sit for hours before my paper, | not doing my book, but incapable of doing! anything else, and thinking upon that sub ject always, waking with it, walking about with it, and going to be with it. Oh, the struggles and bothers- oh, the throbs and pains about this trumpery!" How Thackeray played up to the slob bery of a snob, without the snob's detect ing it, is told by Mr. Justin M'Carfchy, in J his "Reminiscences" (Chatto and Windus). The snob "was a man who claimed to be- J long to a good family, and who was al ways boasting of the fact and telling you of his high connections, bringing out the names of liis first cousin, the marquis, and his second cousin, the duchess, and his aunt in the country whose father had been in the Royal household. We all under stood the weakness of our poor friend, and made fun of him when his back was turned. He had been lucky enough to make the acquaintance of Thackeray, and was fond of alluding to the fact. One day I met him at the Garrick Club, and he suddenly began to talk to me about Thac keray. 'Now look here,' he said, 'you al ways refuse to believe that Thackeray wor ships the aristocracy. I'll give you a con vincing proof that he does, a proof that I got only this very day. Do you see this cigar?' He held one out between his fin gers. and I admitted that I did see it. i IT'' 'le 8a'd» 'that cigar was given me by Thackeray; and do you know what he said when he was giving it to me?' I had to admit that I could not form any guess as to what Thackeray might have said. So he went on with an air of triumph. 'Well,' he said, 'Thackeray's words to me were these:-"Now, my dear fellow,here is a cigar, which I know you will be delighted to have, because it is one of a box that was given to me by a marquis." Now, what have you to say?' I had nothing to say. My friend told the same story, and with the 6ame purpose, to several other men whom I knew, and never seemed to have the remotest suspicion that the great satirist saw his foible and saw, too, that lie was too dull of understanding to know when he was made the mark for satire." Perhaps the most curious testimony to Dickens's universality (6ays the "Daily News") is given by a surveyor, who was crossing the Sierra Nevada mountains. He and his party were snowbound, and, look ing for water, came across a little hut, built of pine boughs and a few rough boards clumsily hewn out of small trees with an axe. The occupant was dressed in a suit made entirely of flour sacks, and was curiously labelled on various parts of his Cerson ''Best Family Flour. Extra." His ead was covered by a wolf's skin, drawn from the brute's head, with the ears stand ing erect in a fierce alert manner. He had not seen a human being for four months, and had lived on bear and elk meat and flour laid in during the summer. On being asked how he spent his time, he went to a barrel and produced "Nicholas Nickleby" and "Pickwick," which he knew almost by heart. He knew nothing about the author, but he gloried in Sam Weller, despised Squeers, and would probably have taken the latter's. scalp with great skill and cheerfulness. Among items relating to Dickens recently offered for sale as part of Mr. William Wright's collection (reports "Literature"), was a little expenses book, which he kept when employed as an office-boy at the age of 16, and when his salary at the time, 1828, was but 13/6 a week. There was also the original autograph manuscript of "The Battle of Life," one of the only three MPS. of Dickens which oMd not go to John Forater, and from him to South Kensing ton Museum. In the presentation copy of "Nicholas Nickleby" is a long autograph letter, in which the following occurs: "The country for miles round when 1 was there was covered with deep snow. There iB an old church near the school, and the first gravestone I stumbled on that dreary I winter afternoon was placed above the j suppose his heart broke; the canS1- i * {down 'suddenly5 when 6ieyi^M^ &01« load upon his back-died at that'»?? place. I think his ghost put my head on the spot?' One curiouR a page in the handwriting 0f Di&^U posed when he was only 13 yearn nr.iW% is a travesty of "Othello," written fit' $ vate performance. Dickens is belief P2l have been the author of a traaedv titled "Misnad, or the Sultan oPlL,-®?? but tEfat manuscript, dating from «ir»I 1821, cannot now be found, ^ W vesty of "Othello" is the mwLT Dickens literary production of any Is Mark Twain, in the comHw^ic&tion; K« has mgde to "The Times" correspondent at Vienna, indulging in a new joke 0« really engaged on a work which is not to see the light till the 21st century? jjJS Twain's own words on the . subjects® given thus:-"A book that is w to be published for a century »ivea the writer a freedom which he rftoS secure in no other way. In conditions you «.an draw a mthout prejudice exactly as you &«£ | him, and yet hare no fear of hurtinghu feelings or thoBe of hie sons or grandson? A book published 100 years hence, contaiS ing intimate portraits, honestly and truth fully drawn, of monarchs and politician, bootblacks and shoemakers, in short. all those varieties of humanity with which one comes in contact in the course of an active life of 60 years, cannot help beina then valuable as a picture of the past I have written a great deal of this book since I came to Vienna. During the rest of my life I mean to write in fresh portraits whenever they come vividly before my mind, whether they be of the present day ! or old acquaintances. To make such a ? book interesting for immediate publication it would be necessary for me to confine myself to the men of note. As it is, I choose them from my whole circle of ac , quaJntances and the undistinguished. hare about as good a chance of getting in as the distinguished. The sole passport to a I place in my gallery is that the man oi; woman shall have keenly excited my in. I terest. In 100 years they will all be in« teresting if well and faithfully described. We have lost a great deal in the past through a lack of books writte'h in this way for a remote posterity. A man can I not tell the whole truth about himself I even if convinced that what he wrote j would never be seen hy others. I have personalty satisfied myself of that, and | have got others to test it also. You can not lay bare your private soul and look at it. You are too much ashamed of your self. It is too disgusting. For that reason I confine myself to drawing the portraits of others. It is stated that after paying a short visit to the Highlands Mark Twain, who has for some time lived in Austria, for the sake of his daughter's musical education, is going heme to America. A new edition of Suetonius, the Roman' who wrote the gossipy memoirs of the Twelve Caesars, haB been published by Nutt. The translation is by Mh Philemon Holland, and the introduction by Mr. Charles Whibly. It would seem, from the comments of the "Spectator," that we ought to take the same view of Caligula that not long since was put forward about Nero, viz., that he was madly funny. Cali gula "slept not above three hours in a night, and would roam and wander to and fro in his galleries," sometimes shouting to the moon; and{ again, he would "wallow a I good while with his whole body upon huge j heapes of coyned gold jjeecea. "Of hit grim humour it will sufiace to mention the -dilemma into which he test the wealthy, ! isetiding to see their wills and executing ? them for treason if he were not namea I legatee; but poisoning them, if he were, for I keeping him out of his heritage." The | place that the chronicler of gossip should ! occupy in literature is defined thus by Mr. {Whibly, apropos of Suetonius:-"Paul Pry, ;,nn odious figure to-day, may appear to j ? morrow the fearless benefactor of pos terity. Thus we are constrained to admire "[in the past that which we deprecate in . | the present; and if the present eaves i j droppers make conquest oi immortality, |; our remote descendants will, no doubt, welcome their indiscretions as an invalu able commentary, though they, too, will de plore most strenuously their own contem porary gossips." Ana should we not all re* [; gret, with the "Spectator," the standing j order given to tne porter of Windsor i Castle, "On no account to admit Mr. Bos ; | well within the gates." j Shelley, the gentleman he always seemed i ? to be, is described by Horace Smith, who 1; first saw the poet in 1816. The passage is | taken from "James and Horace Smith," bf ;Mr. Arthur H. Beavan (Hurst and ;Blackett):-"In a short time Shelley was ? announced, and I beheld a fair, freckled, ! blue-eyed, light-haired, delicate-looking > person, whose countenance was serious and thoughtful; whose stature would have been rather tall had he carried himself upright; whose earnest voice, though never loud, was somewhat unmusical. * Manifest as it was that bis preoccupied mind had no thought to spare for the modish adjust ment of his fashionably-made clothes, it was impossible to doubt; even for a mo ment, that you were gaging upon a gentle man; a first impression which subsequent observation never failed to confinn, even in the most exalted acceptation of the term, as indicating one that is gentle, gene rous, accomplished, brave. 'Never did a more finished gentleman than Shelley step across a drawingroom/wasthe remark of Lord Byron; and Captain M6dwin, writing after several ye&ra; acquaintance wita Shelley, and an extensive intercourse witn the polite world, thus expresses a similar opinion:-'I can affirm that Shelley wafl almost the only example I have yet found that was never wanting, even m tne most minute particular, in tneinfinite ana various observances of' pure, entire, and perfect gentility."' Mr. C. J. Wilding sends an interesting note to the "Athenreum" on this passage from "As Yon Like Xt"~ " Duke Senior.-And yet It Wa me the Po0r _ , dappled fools, ? - Have their round lmy»<s)w* ITPKSi" , p°mt is what we are to \>T wrked heafls." |te'wyiteS: m early days by a pa^^an^. wM usendw (For Oontinnatipn of^'Liter^tW X08i an assistant to the deer-paxK keeper to hein him to catra. ieer for rhe earir "em son to be padaoek ted. Hie leer, 'Ming in an eseitwed rwrk. were aaif :miie. ,uid therefore did not nxa iwny: but iitrried togserher like -heep te'ore :iie ioe. Hie herd be about dnrty .11 .lumber. A parritttiar i.eer -vas -.(tinted out 10 me. I xoiiid ride straichr -warns ana: -raes r <iid so the herd ^ottid iinde. the Limited one Kmtg m one portion. I rc-vie 3. second time towanis hub: die herd ^voiud zs*m divide, and die *m& porrion rr-Miuie Ttii the ontBtandinc portion, noiv rw'i portions, one iar^e ana )ne 3nai3: :r Little matters in -^iiich or these -wo nerds the hunted deer was. for. Iiy die third time of ridihg towards aim. ae wotiid be known TO die rest '31 die iierd zs the me wanted :;as£ as a- due'- -aught for in rhe ponieus 01 a town w<-.nid le zzrtsi :rp to rhe police rather than aet rhe whole gang into iitncaity'. and then rmmediateir with rhe-'.r "foned heads'' thr-r wouid 'irrre irnn out oi :he hexifi. and In no case nlow him to newm. The leer J«ne *leariy -^arriteiL the aotind would oe loaded and "he desr *on ^aiicat. t have -seen but seioom rhe ii&unenes; »e tnaiiy sored so as ~o jr^-n. inorvinz rhe tntmhness ox rhe iude isa die inmossi faiiiry or a rnoon-ihaBed arrow penetrat ing.'' 