German Lutheran School. OPENING SERVICES. A veiiy largo congregation nascmblod at tho Gorman Lutheran School, WilBonton, Gowrio lload, oil Sunday afternoon last to take part In tho opening ceremony of tho now day school in connection with tho school thoro. A number of visitors from othor denomina tions were present, lucludlng Mr. -W. Q. Groom M.L.A. At 2 o'clock reltglouH services were con ducted in the churoh by Pastor Ilouor, assisted by Pastor Burghardt, formerly of Toowoomba nnd Koojarowen, but now of Nundah near Brisbane. A most eloquent aud powerful sermon was preaoltcd by Pantor Burghardt who Bclootcd as ins text tlio tilth una 20th versoa of tho 28th chapter of St Matthow. At thu conclusion of tho sermon , bo addressed tlio cougrcgution on tho advant ages of education Ami pointed out how im portant It was thnt their children should icarn tho Gormuu luugungo which thoy hoard in their churches. For that reason It was nocnasary that thoy should havo schools suoh as thoy woro opening that day, and ho urged upon tho parents to send their children to tnnt school, pointing out its groat Importance. During tho sorviccs tho oholr gavo an ox- collont rendering of appropriate hymns, and at the conclusion of tbo services a oolloctlon was mado, to whioh tlioao present responded most liborally. After tlio church services woro oonoluded an . adjournment wns made to tho now sohool, situated at tho north of tho churoh. Horc all tho Sabbath sohool children woro arranged, and thoy sang a hymn with their teacher (Pastor Ileucr), Mrs. Clausseit, and Master Ilouor, After tho hymn was rendered, Mr. Jacob Holner, Secretary of tho Committee, wont inside tho porch with Pastor Heuor and said : " Dear Pastor Ilouor, On hohalf of tho parents atuTbuildlng committcoof this sohool, t ask you to deolaro it opon for education pur poses," tho secretary at tno same time handing tlio key to Pastor Heuor. Pastor Ilouor, turning to tho large number of pcoplo assembled, said : " As Pastor of this congregation 1 deolaro this school open 3n tho name of tbo Father, of tho Son, and Holy Ghost." Tlio door was then opened , and tho children marched Into thu sohool, aftor whioh followed tho pnrents nnd others present, whon tho dedication sorviccs woro furthor continued In the German languago. Pastor Hotter then addressed thoso present, stating that it was nearly ten years ago since thoy opened tbolr church — namely, on tho 2-lth November, 1889. Directly afterwards thoy saw how necessary it was that thoy BiMHlHi uava n hciiihh in cuinieuiiuii witn miv church, whore tho children might learn the languago whioh was spoken In tho ohuroh. About two years ago tho malo portion of tho congregation set to work, and oarriod out tbolr duties In a proper munnor. Tho sohool was at first held in tho vestry, which was too small, hut thanks to tho onorgles dis played by tho committco, thoy had now a school suitable for their rcquiromouts. Tlio Rchool was nrortity of any congregation, aud thoy had to thank tho comrniltoo and their secretary, Mr. Jacob Hoiuer, for tho excellent work thoy had oarrled out, and also tho con tractor, Mr. Leo, who had performed bis con tract fuithfully. Thoro wns a small dobt still owing on the sohool, nnd. ho hoped thoso pro- sent would assist them, so that at tho eloso of the day's proceedings ho would bo nblo to say that thoir school was entirely free from debt. This appeal from Pastor nouor was most liberally responded to, aud tho small amount owing was speedily subscribed. The sohool iu nicoly finished, bulngof hard wood struoturo, 28 fcot by 1-1 feet, and is a credit to tho contractor, Mr. J. Leo. A nice little porch is in tho front, and tho interior Is fitted with douku and all nocossartes for tho niirpvlnnnnfnfnenhnnl. THu nrnilhuod in linhl uchool on Tuosday aod Friday in coon wook for half-n-duy, and on Saturdays from 8 a.m. until 2 p.m., no restriction Doing placed on tho nationality of thoso who Attend. Tho teaohor will bo Pastor Ilouor, whoso name should lie KUlfioiont guarantee that tho obiblrou will rccclvo a good sound education. Tho Build ing Connnittoo, who are ricsurviug of recogni tion for tlio work thoy oarrled out, comprised tho following gentlemen Messrs. E. Roitli- mullcr (Chairman), J. nolnor (Secretary). II. Englohart (Treasurer), A. Biuchoff, and J. Double. After tlio opening sorviccs wore ovor, tho congregation and visitors were entertained to afternoon tea by a uumhor of hultes, whioh was highly appreciated by tho largo number prcsont. 