The Federal' Minstrels paid a second visit to Rob ertson' on Wednesday evening last, and gave a per formance of a highly amusing character to an ex ceptionally large audience (for Robertson) in the School of Arts. All the company seeraecV to be at their best and the audience was kept in a very merry mood throughout the entertainment.. At one time they would simply roar with laughter, and' again they could not look solemn enough for the occasion. Mr. Dave Jack in his comio songs was loudly applauded and encored over and over- again, in fact his responses created laughter with renewed force. . The;favourite_ sentimental bass- singer, Mr. GeorgaPrico.is also worthy of special mention for his rendering of well selected items brought forth, much applause and made a favorable impression on the audience. It would not be doing too much to< indi vidually mention each performer for they were equally meritorious in the rendering of their parts. Mr. H. Bolton actod as accompanist, Mr. J. Hogan interlocutur, Mr. G'. Jones tambo, and Mr. D. Jack bones. The following programme was gone through -Overture, Mr. B. Bolton ; chorus, " Heather Bell,"' company ; duet, " Lar Watoh," Messrs D. Jack and G-. Price ; " Friend of the family,"' Mr G. Jones ; Y X will- take you back again,'1 Mr. G. Price r " Rainbow in the sky " encored, and sang that favourite ditty " Hush," Mr. D. Jack ; " What will your answer be," Mr. E. Stokes ; " Strolling round the town, Mr. B. Bolton ; " McGinty," Mr. J'. Doyle ; "Tbe picture that is turned towards the wall," Mr. J, Hogan. The comic sketch entitled " Silly Charley's Brother " wound up the first part of the prolamine. The characters were Silly Char ley, Mr. D- Jack ; Silly Charley's Brother, Mr. J. Hogan ; The Ghost, Mr. G. Price. Mr. Price opened the second part by singing " SleepingCamp" and " Jerusalem " as an encore ; " How can they tell that I am Irish," and as encores " I am a man of education " and " Flannigan tho Logger " by Mr. Jack ; " It's all up with poor little Tommy now " and " I am a poor little stump of a man " by Mr, J. Doyle ; " Mulcahy Esq.. Mr. Philip Pill ; '* They're corning on again" and "She was a stran ger in London," Mr. Stokes ; *' Alabama," Mr. Jack, who was again brought out three times and had the audience in roars of laughter. Tho farcc entitled " Alligator Jimmy " brought the eutertain ment to a close. The parts were taken by Mr. Jack, Alligator Jimmy ; Mr. Bolton, Lord Sing-de Itischas ; Mr. Hogan, Mrs. Sligong. Wo may say that every song was encored. The next visit of the troupe to Robertson will be eagerly looked forward to. 