Tho English Derby. We taite thc following interesting notes in con ncotion with thc English-Derby from tho London "Daily Mail'' of June 1: j The brilliant weather brought down 'to tho , Darby a great many society people in light sum mer frocks. There was av ery large Royal party, including the Prince' of Wales, the Duke and Duchess of Connaught, the Duke ard. Duchess of . York, the .Duke. of Cambridge, Princess Victoria i of Schleswig-Holstein, and Prince Francis of Teck. Among other distinguished personages who were to be seen were the Duke and Duchess of Devonshire, the Duke and Duchess of Portland, the Duke of Westminster (who went out to bring in bis horse, and was greeted with shouts of ap plause), and Lady Ormonde, who was with her father in thc club stand, where also were Lady Romney, Mz\ L20. Rothschild, Mr. Reuben Sas soon, in a summer-like' grey frock suit, and Mrs. John Delacour. Flying Fox's Derby Day crowd may or may not have been the very biggest on record. Some among the old hands who have noted the spread of the people on many successive Derby Dayfa thought it was. Others thought it was hardly so large as on this or that historic occasion. Those who argued f r the record point \- cd out the unprecedented density of the people at this or that outlying point. They did not rrofess to see. any difference, in the main crowd on the hill and along the course, but they argued that i thé main crowd must tie bigger because the over . j (low cro.wdd near the .?starting-post,- by the niile ¡ post, at this pr that remote point within the cir I ole of the course, were greater.. Those who der J nied the record did so on the strength of the argu ' ment' tharwa race which Avas a foregone conclusion never didi'a'n'd. r.evpr could create thé highest pos sible interest, and draw tho highest possible! number.... of people. But "no one took the ¡ trouble to count, and so each side held by its own j opinions. However, all were agreed that it was j one of the very biggest crowds that have ever seen the great race run. From the sporting point of i view yesterday's race may have been thin in in j terest. Flyirg Fox, as public opinion, public 1 money, and thc result showed, was a certainty. ; It was a one-horse race from the racing expert's i point of view. But then the great public is not ! a racing expert, and for the great public the circumstance that a French cham pion was to oppose the English crack, and - that an Irish horse was looked j upon as having á chance, gave to the contest a special -international interest. And then every other; condition was favorable. It was a perfect day : for. the holidaymaker, a morning of bright sunshine in town, the flr3t real day of summer we have had. If there had been no Derby at all, the delight of the .country on such a day would have tempted anyone who had the "opportunity Í to make ah oliday of it. And there, in every corner of London, were the 'buses, and brakes and waggonettes, just ready to start; there were the bettered railway facilites; above all, there was the abounding prosper! ty which had placed in every pocket the jingling means of enjoyment. So London simply poured itself on to the Downs. Train after train went out from Waterloo, Lon don Bridge, and .Victoria, as. quicldy as the sup ply of rolling stock and considerations of safety would, permit. The South-Western and Brighton .Companies have never had so heavy a press of bf-traffic. Those who remember and love to talk of the old times say that the road is comparatively deserted, nowadays. But it is hard to imagine, how;, even in the palmiest of old days, the road, unless the ancients had some ingenious way of lengthening and broadening, it, could possibly have acommodated any more wheels than rolled along it yesterday. At all events, more people went down by motor cai* than on any Derby Day since the world began. The motor car was so fre quent in yesterday's vehicular procession that its appearance ceased to excite the curious surprise of the people; their interest was rather in the unexpected number of motor cars. A year ago tho crowd used to make cheerfully derisive re marks when they saw a self-driven carriage; yes terday, whenever a new one came in sight, some one would remark, "What a lot of these motor cars there are!" The Prince of Wales, accom panied by Prince Christian, the Duke and Duchess of York, the Duke and Duchess of Fife, the Duke and Duchess of Connaught, the ' Duke of Cambridge, and a large party, went I down as usual by special train from Victoria,, ar riving on the course shortly before the first race: The Princess of Wales, to everyone's regret, waa ! not of the party." The attendance in the Jockey ! Club enclosure was very large and distinguished. The Duke of. Westminster, looking very cheerful and confident, was prominent. Lord Rosebery, "with his great faculty of throwing himself thoroughly .into whatever business is to hand, was, notwithstanding, his greying hair, like a boy in his smiling enjoyment. It would be easier to -set down the names bf those who were absent than to give the long' list of distinguished people who were present. One unfamiliar but interesting figure was that of M. J. de Brémond, the French sportsman, whose fine horse Holocauste was to come to such an unfortunate, end. The great .crowd on the course and hill employed the time of waiting1 for the racing to commence according to their wont. They thronged the Derby Day. re freshment: booths,, they drank the. famous Derby Day . beer, .they - picniced, they rolled, bowled, and pitched rV at cooanuts, -they assaulted one another, and chaffed one.. another; they listened to the siren song of the tipster; they crowded about the railings of the weighing rcom enclosure, and tried to get a glimpse of Tod Sloan. They said, "There's Moray" whenever they saw anyone who looked like a jockey; they sat on drags and" coaches-the fortunate ones of, them-and ate Benolst luncheons and listened to niggers and popping champagne corks-in fine. It was the same old, happy London crowd enjoy ing itself in its accustomed way. They cheered, ot course, whenever they, had occasion. The ap pearance pf the Prince - evoked a. hearty cheer. They cheered some of the fine big New South Wales -Lancers who were among them. They cneereajjprü Rosebery, when he came in their view.. /Those who did not look happy were those who had come not to enjoy themselves, but in some way or other, to get something. Among the booths and the lines of bookmakers three men were having a very serious business discus sion before the ràcing commenced. They were evidently the members of a small firm who were prepared to deal in the odds or any other saleable commodity which did not. need capital/ : "Now,, then, .before we:. go. any farther," said one of them, "let's 'ave it. straight, yes or no. Which do you do,- stop "With us or go on your own?" "Well, Billr it's this .wày," ; said; the one addres sed," _with-?a .certain .hesitation of manner; "£up 1s it? With us or on ¿our'own?,,-,i^ell^Bili." "No said the other, "I think on my own." "That's , settled,, then," said Bill; "you goes on your own and we goes on our own. Is that it?" "That's it," said the seceding partner,- "and if you don't mind then I'll take out the tanner as my share." . " Bill did not speak, but with the look of a just man determined to be just even against his own , interests, he opened his bag, counted out the. six. pennies, and handed them over. The seceder i took hts capital and went his way. Bill and the j remaining, other proceeded with the : shilling j which presumably remained to get to business.. It is to be hoped that the Arm was not broken by Sloan's win in the first race. It was.a popu lar win, for probably ninety-nine per cent, of the crowd had never seen the little American ride before, and to see him ride the first winner was a delightful beginning of the day's racing. There was very little betting as far as the outside crowd was concerned upon the Derby. The odds on i the favorite were prohibitive tb those who only j wager in small silver, and there was nothing else to back. So instead of clustering, round tho j bookmakers the people spread themselves over j the Downs to catch a view of some portion of the ! great race. They cheered Flying Fox as he came in easily first, and cheered his noble owner when he came out to lead the colt in, the Duke smilingly , taking off his hat in acknowledgment. But very few of them knew at the time anything of the j tragedy of the grey French horse, gone to sud - j den cat's meat up there near Tattenham Corner. J-iolocausto, the critics said,.had seemed listless and dejected in the paddock. How ever, he kept the flash of Sloan's white cap well to the fore in the" race until the corner was reached." Then, as the horses came from heme, there was Flying Fox stridroi; long and easily. .But the big grey had disap peared, never to be seen on racecourse again.. lie had snapped.a Meg coming down th? hill. Wei1 he might have seemed dejected, listless,, and spirit less in the paddock. Alas, poor Holocauste! Not his the victor's guerdon, the plaudits of the multi tude, the undying glory of having, under the banner of France, met and vanquished in fair fight Britain's champion of his age in the raco nearest án.d dearest to the heart ol' sport loving Britain. Unkind faite ordained for.'.him immor tality achieved in .another way. He foll in the fight, victim to the fortunes of war, and was poleaxed in a tent almost within shouting dis tance of the winning-post. Poleaxed! The igno miny of it. In all the place, apparently no gun ould be found with which to perform the "happy dispatch," and recourse was perforce had to the brutal methods of the slaughter-house. Holo causte went to the post without many admirers among the ladies. They could not tolerate his head, which they pronounced "frightfully ugly," whereas one and all conceded Flying Fox the pos sessor of a pretty head. The Kingsclere colt stripped a picture of havi muscular condition, and looked and cantered like a winner. It is matter of history that he did win, and win comfortably, but for all that his victory is discounted very largely- hy the regrettable accident to Holocauste and the fact that Oppressor was hot in condition to do himself absolute justice. Nor did the Kingsclere crack score in the handsome.style ex pected by the connections of the stable. For this, however, I" think his jockey must, take the blame. Nomone has a more sincere admiration for Morn ington Cannon's riding than the writer of these notes. But were his reputation to rest upon his display of yesterday, Cannon would take a much lower place than his talents entitle him to. Much, however, may be forgiven a jockey who is riding his first Derby winner, and the. happy issue may condone the inartistic handling. Cannon figured prominently in all the numerous breaksaway which so greatly delayed the start. It might have been over-anxiety, or, again, it might have beon due to a settled determination to be off first; but, whatever the influencing power, its effect wâs very clear. When at last the utual sten torian roar of "They're off!" arose Flying Fox showed in front, but Sloan, on Holocauste, quickly dispossessed him of the lead. They were first and second at the summit of the hill, and with no great distance separating them. What there was gradually dis appeared as they tore down the incline, and round into the straight, which they reached with Flying Fox holding a slight advantage. There was at this stage every prospect of a great struggle, for although-Flying Fox had forged .ahead, Holocauste was obviously going strong and well. But in a moment a dramatic change came o'er the scene. Holocauste pecked, half-recovered himself, and then pecked again, and began to swerve badly. Soon he was out of the race and Sloan out of the saddle, thus indicating the occurrence of some thing untoward, the nature of which could only be conjectured from the stands. Meantime Fly ing Fox was making the best of his way home. Cannon hit him twice and pushed him along as If danger lurked behind; but, well as Damocles and Innocence, ran, they could ,not cope with the Kingsclere champion. It is no new thing for the Duke of Westminster to win the Derby, if it was for Cannon to do so. His Grace, as before re marked, has now won this "paramount arid Olym pic prize" four times. . Still the winning of Derr bies is not a thing that palls even upon dukes of fabulous riches, ' and'I doubt not his Grace was . immensely pleased with his victory. He went out on to the course to lèàd iri Flying Foxygla'd at heart,'though never the ghost of a sriiilé illumin ed his austere features as, inside the weighing en closure gate, with one hand grasping the rein he with the other took off his hat and bowed slightly in acknowledgment of the cheers which accom panied the triumphal march back to scale. It was a highly popular victory. Derby Stakes, of GOOD sovs, for 3-year.-olds; the nominator of the winner to receive 600 sovs, the owner of the second 300 sovs, and the owner of the third 200 sovs out of the stake. About 1% mile. Duke of Westminster's b c Flying Fox, by Orme-Vampire (M. Cannon) ....'._. 3 Mr. W. R. Marshall's ch c Damocles, by Sus-« pender-Revelry (S. Loates) ......_ 2 J. A. Miller's br c Innocence, by'Slmonian -La Vierge (W. Halsey) ............. 2 H. Barnato's My Boy (J. Watts) ......... <A T. L. Plunkett's Oppressor (T. Loates) .. E Lord Dunraven's Desmond (F. Pratt) ........ e Mr. E. J. Rose's Sir Reginald (F. Allsopp) . .. "J H. Pack's Ballyleçk (W. Bradford) ... . ¿. í R. A. Oswald's Scintillant (O. Madden) . . S M. J. de Bremond's Holocauste (J. T.1 Sloan) -,t Mr. Fairie's Matoppo (F. - Rickaby) ¿\\.. ?..,:... - C Elliot Gaíer's BeautiwickV: (Wi. ; H.: Pal mer). . ...( (Winner trained by j<. Porter, Kingsclere. ) Betting at the start: 5 to 2 on Flying Fox, 6 to i agaihet Holocauste, 16 to i Damocles, 20 to 3 k Oppressor, 33 to 1 Desmond, 33 to 1 My Boy, 50 to i Innocence, 66,to 1 Scintillant, 10O to 1-Slr Reginald, 200 to, 1 Ballyleck, 200 to 1 Matoppo, 200 to 1 Boautiwick. Place Betting (1, 2, 3) : 7 to 1 on Plying Fox, ". G to 4 on Holocauste, 5 to 4 against Damocles, 2 to 1 My Boy, 2 to 1 Oppressor, 7 to 2 Innocence, 5 to 1 Desmond, 6 to 1 Scintillant, 10 to 1 Sir Re ginald, 20 to 1 Matoppo, 25 to 1 Ballyleck, 25 to 1 Iieautiwick. Won by two lengths. Length between second and third. My Boy half a length off fourth. Time, 2min 42 4-5sec. 