' rjíoB THE GAZETTE] . Sities ghos^stories are ali the rage just now, will tell ygu one-not exactly as it was told to ai but in, a :rè vi ved -form. Most old residents Windsor have beard of the ghost which at 01 tinj'e anti another has scared people whose bu¡ «ess or pleasure necessitated their traversing tl road between the Fitzroy Bridge and .Magrath Hill about ihe midnight hour. I had often fieai of this shadowy visitant, and on one occasic either saw it or thought I did. It happened thu: I bad spent a pleasant evening at a friend's hou at the Hill, and as the midnight hour approach« : several of the guests retired. One young lad who resided in Windsor, declared that she mu be home by iz, and a young man- also a Winds« resident-proferred to accompany her. The gi was grateful, no doubt, but maidenly coyness fo bade ber accepting the young fellow's escort. ( course, the proprieties had to be observed, and young lady at the Hill volunteered to accompari them to the bridge. Then arose the difficulty ¡ to who would see her back again-for on no ai Count would sbe pass by those fated willows afti dark alone. ' Very well, I'll go with you,' said young fellow residing at the Hill. Here ws another difficulty, for in view of Mrs Grundy, si conldioot possibly walk that road at night alor wirha young man. 'Hang it all,' I exclaimei ' between Mrs Grundy and the ghost,' this youn lady will never get home, therefore I will go alsc in order to take care of you two' - meaning th Magrath's Hill couple. So off we went, au naturally enough we got to talking about ghost fenerally, and this ghost particularly. They a new something about the doggasted thing, an knew lots of people who bad seen it, but neitbe of them could honestly say that they bad them selvesaeen.it. Anyway, the night was suitabl for a ghost to walk, or glide ; there was no moor but there was a strange light showing along th creek and the lowlands on the lefthand side of tb road, occasioned no doubt, by 'the slight fo arising from the creek and water-hole When we got to the willows the girls began ti £lay tricks ; of course they were brave as Trojan; aving mate companions, and could afford t laugh at each other's fears ; and thus one wouli . whisper " There it is-see, over the fence I see i BOW-it's a woman I no, it's a man !" and 6o on And it was noticeable that these young demmois selles would all contrive to get in the centre However, we reached the bridge without any re roarkable incident occurring, and bade the towi couple good night. Then the three of us retracée our steps towards the Hill-still talking ghost We had got as far as the last willow on the lei band side of the road, when the girl, in a hal shriek, exclaimed I "There it is!" "Where where.?" we both queried, but the girl gave nc " reply. But looking round she again exclaimed " There-there it is-moving towards the fence !' and sure enough I did see, or thought I saw v '"^^gÇgJthiog- What that something was I really can net i^-U&'&h; »* of**0 occurred to me sine« that it mnsths^fe ?ne of John McQuade'i cows that had got OMOTBSSSS? JP«*D«* OQ TC the road The girl was positíve*^^"16 saw 8 human form, while the young man believöj\b< «aw SOMETHING-and when we were going towafui the bridge we certainly observed nothing-though five of us were fully on the alert. However, the ghost was a good deal talked about, and I gleaned from one and the other the material to build up the following " true and eventful history-and origin, I may say-of the South Creek Ghost." Many years ago-probably in Macquarie^ time-there stood on the road-side, midway be tween the row of willows and the lane leading to the wool-wash, a strongly built slab bouse ; it was long and low, broad verandahs all round it, and it bore an air, not only of stability, but of comfort. The land around it was cultivated, while the rich pasture along the banks of the creek afforded excellent grazing for the proprietor's horses and cows ; also a few sheep. The owner of this snug homestead was a tall, broad shouldered, powerful looking man, and his TOUT ENSEMBLE carried the conviction that be was a hard, masterful man. His face was long and saturnine, and was cleanly shaved ; bis nose was long and aquiline, his chin abd jaws square and massive, while his eyes were deep set,'dark and piercing-thus giving him a ferocious hawk-like appearance, The man who owned these physical attributes was reserved and unsociable ; ne was never idle, rarely went into the town, and was never seen the worse for liquor. His name was Joshua Isaiah Tall-a name given to him by his parents, a very respectable, well-to do couple residing in one of the southern counties of England, They were Baptists, and Joshua Isaiah bad been carefully and religiously reared. He bad, however, got info some trouble in youth and bad enlisted in a cavalry regiment, from which be deserted, and again entered the army in ' the 73rd Regiment of Foot, which came to the colony after Lachlan Macquarie's appointment. In this regiment he rose to be sergeant major, and in course of time received a civil appointment as overseer of the convicts. As may be expected, he was a very severe man, and absolutely merciless, and being endowed with almost superhuman courage, he was feared accordingly. He had been threatened many times, and scores of men both soldiers and convicts, " bad it in for him." At such threats he quietly smiled, he defied them all. It came about, that suspicions were aroused . against him, and it was rumoured that overseer Íoshúa Isaiah Tall, ex-sergeant major of the 73rd root was a thief-and some hinted that be was also a murderer ; but this may have been malice, prompted bf jealousy. However, nothing was Çroved against bira, and he resigned his position, hen he came to Windsor, as being the most likely place for a man with a little money, and a fair share of brains, to get on in ibo world-and Tall bad both. Whatever his oftence bad been, it did not prejudice the minds of the authorities against him, for they gave him a grant of land and assigned him several convict servants. As may be conjectured, be was a bard master ; but bis indomitable will enabled bim to thoroughly cow all who served him. Several companies of his old regiment were stationed in Windsor, but he fraternised with none of them. The officers avoided him, and the privates made grimaces at him behind bis back, while the non corns, would have been sociable bad be let them. He wanted none of them, attended to his farm and trade with the skippers of the river craft, and kept bis own counsels. His domestic arrangements were performed by an undersized, evil-looking cockney, who had been a' noted burglar, Being in the town one day, he saw a gorgeously attired woman leaving the officers' quarters in George-street. He stopped and stood looking at her. She turned and walked ia bis direction* and fiiíiwíriiíSilff stopped suddenly when she saw hi<n Josh I" ' -? "Liz!" Simultaneously, these names swijpetittered ; and it was clear that the surprise was Jnntual. She was a fine looking woman-possibly 35, and evi dently in clover. " You here ?" "Yes-and so are you, unless it is your ghost." " And what may you be doing, jpray ?" ' Getting; my living honestly-which is more than you are doing.' <v ' How know you that, Hr ^fM^ftfp,^ . I judge from the company yotfr4ffeep-I saw you leave the house,' nodding to the house she had left. ' What of that ? I may be married.' ' It is possible, but I think not. You had bet. ter come and see roe'-and he pointed out bis house across the creek. . Well, perhaps I may.' ' I should advise you to do so ; it will be in your interest to do so. That night Joshua Isaiah Tail's tea-table was presided over by a woman-and the ill-favored cockney was packed oft to the huts with the other men. ?Liz'-or more properly speaking,'Eliza Lee had been an inmate of Tail's cottage for some months, when a strange thing happened. The 73rd had been relieved by the 43rd, just out from England ; and the officer in charge of the Wind sor detachment was Major Wright, who was a married man, and had brought his wife and family with him ; also a very respectable, sedate looking woman, who performed the dual functions of nurse and lady's maid. She was" a middle- aged, come ly looking woman, with a sad, careworn look about her. . One day Tail's cockney serving man-who had been re-installed as cook and house-man-was seen standing near the rear of Major Wright's residence, and a few minutes tater anyone passing by might have seen the sad-faced nurse en gaged in deep conversation with the ill-favored one. It was a very simple thing, but remember the Latin phrase, MULTOM IN PARVO. A few even ing's later, Joshua Isaiah and Lie Liée were dis turbed while at their evening meal by a knock at the door. Liz opened it-and J. I. T, heard a woman's soft voice ask : . Is Mr Tall in ?' j < Who is it wants me?' enquired Tall rising. ' Your wife,' replied a tall form in black, throw ing up the veil which had hidden her face from Eliza Lee's enquiring eyes. ?My wife! I have none-she's dead; died years ago.' ' Not so ; your child is dead, but its mother lives to reproach you fer your desertion and ne glect of both.' ' Nonsense, woman I You're mad. Anyway, you will have to prove your assertion.' ' I can do that easily, and have good friends to help me. And since you fail to recognise rae-or, rather, you prefer to deny me-I shall publicly declare myself your wife, and put the law in motion, Good evening.' The nurse's visit troubled Tall not a little. He was by no means deeply enamoured of Liz -in fact, he was tired of her. She was flighty and exacting, lazy and wasteful-and woree than all he could not trust her. She was a very fine I woman, for what she was, but she knew too much for him-though here they were^quaUforhealso !4tnOTSfiStöniP? her to hang her. fifties, the woman in black waV-feisJawf«l wife; married to him in Portsmouth the day "befóte^? 'eft England, and tbe child she said was dead, if living;-sbc-uld be eight or nine years old. Tall was a prorftpî,. resourceful man, and his mind was soon made up. " Liz, you must go !" " Must I ? suppose I won't ?" " I said you MUST ; you don't doubt me ?" " No, unfortunately, I understand you well. But where am I to go ?" " Don't ask me, you're not a child-besides, I am not an ungrateful man. Here, take this," and be handed her a bag ; it was well filled with coin, of one sort and another. So Eliza Lee retired in favour of the legitimate partner of Joshua Isaiah Tall, and various were the conjectures and comments upon the change though but few, save Tall himself, bis wife, her late employers, and cockney Bill, knew the why and the wherefore. » * * * * I The change in J I Tail's domestic arrangements was noticeable, however ; not only did his ser ; vants declare that the man was harder than ever, but the townspeople who had business with him found him changed for the worse, for his sullen reserve had given place to a peevish, quarrelsome disposition which made it difficult for them to stand quietly. No one ever saw the poor woman who had so foolishly surrended herself to the man i whom she felt it a duty to " serve, honour, and obey," Probably no one knew, save Billy the cook, what kind of a life she led with the man she called husband-and be was in mortal terror of .* the Master.". However, it happened that something or other took Tall to Sydney, and during his absence the wife of a settler at Magrath's Hill (then known as Mulgrave Place) who had met Mrs Tall at Major Wright's house (which she supplied with butter, milk, and eggs,) called to see bow her English acquaintance was getting on. She found the poor woman very low and despondent, and but the shadow of the woman she was when she arrived in Windsor. She did not complain, nor in any way refer to her husband or his affairs ; but the kind hearted visitor saw that the woman was pining either from ill usage or neglect, probably both and she spoke to Mrs Wright about it ; and sbe exacted a promise from the Major that he'd make some enquiry. Major Wright was a kind-hearted man, but he hesitated about interfering with Tail's domestic affairs, though he decided he'd keep a sharp eye upon the ex- sergeant major. At the end of the second week Tall returned from Sydney. It was dark when he came home, and Billy, who liked Mrs Tall, and bad kept about the place every night until a late hour in order to lighten the poor womia's loneliness- for she had become very nervous and- timid-had gone to his hut and therefore did not see him. Billy was awakened out of bis first sleep by a scuffling noise near his hut, and when fae sat up in his bed to listen, he beard a woman's voice., and an exclamation of pain. He peeped out of the hole in the hut which served for a window, and saw two figures, one white the other black, and the black one was dragging the other. Billy crept out cautiously and contrived to reach a hay stack, from the cover of which he could see Tall dragging his wife, who was in ber night dress. They entered the hut, and though the cockney watched for aa hoar, he neither heard nor mw anything and went to bed «gain. Next morning, Billy over slept himself and Tall fore bade biro to come near the house again, so that for a whole week he knew nothing of what took place there. At ibe end oí the week Tall called Billy in from where he was working among toe growing maize and told bim to resume his customary duties. All the day he saw nothing of bis mistress, and feared to ask Tall if she was ill. When he bad prepared supper, Tall sent him to his hut, with a volley ï»f curses-which didn't b%t, however. »But instead of entering his hut, Billy slipped back and cautiously approaching the window of the living room-which served for parlor and dining room-he peeped in and saw sitting at the table, Liz Lee, Tall opposite her-but bis wife was not there. Billy was troubled, and being in mortal fear of Tall, he hurried to bis hut. Next morning the man did not turn out ; Tall found bim pros trate with fever and ague. He had him removed to the convicts' hospital, and when Billy became convalescent, Tall contrived that he should be forwarded to Sydney, " so that be might pick up his strength," he said, " by getting the sea air, for he was too good a servant to lose." Thus, no one knew of Mrs Tail's absence, and as Liz was pru dent, no one suspected that she was again Tail's housekeeper. * . » » » It's a long lane that has no turning ; and Tail's course was about run. ' Liz got tired of confine ment, and one day, arranging herself in all her hoe feathers, she walked boldly up the town. Of course she was recognised ; and it required but little persusion to induce her to make make merry in the officers' quarters, where she was supplied with champagne AD LIB. Morality was not in the ascendant in those days, and Liz Lee was good company. She could sing, dance, and re cite-besides her other accomplishments, Thus it happened that Joshua Isaiah Tall was once more a grass widower. A few nights afterwards Eliza returned to bim very much bedraggled, penitent, and maudlin drunk. Tair promptly knocked her down. She lay there all night, and in the morning, wet, stiff, and cold, she crawled up the town and laid an information against Tall for assault. It was not a politic stroke on her part, but, then, Liz felt that she had been badly treated, and she was of a revengeful nature. Tall was bronght up béfore the military magistrates, and fined £10, or in default, 3 months in the logs. He paid the money, and went home. Curiously enough he found someone sitting by the fireside in his own particular arm-chair. It was a woman dressed in black, and from the back view he had of her, she was for all the world like his wife. But Joshua Isaiah knew that it was not her-no man knew better ; and neither was he afraid of a ghost. So he put his hand on the spectre's shoulder-it was solid matter, and capable of speech, for it said, " Having punished you, I thought I'd frighten you ; now we are quits-let us be friends again." " Yes, we WILL be quits-blast yon ! Take that -and that I you hell-fired jade." And two terrific blows sent the woman sprawl ing into the open fire place, jnst as Billy was entering the door with an armful of wood to re- j plenisb the fire. ' My God, she'6 dead 1'cried Billy. ! 1 And so will you be in a minute or two, if you j stay here. Out of this, you spawn of hell, before ] the spirit moves me to make a ghost of you.' Billy waited for no more, but ran shouting : ! 1 The master's mad-he'6 killed a woman I' j ' It 50 happened that Major Wright and the chief const?bis .was just then passing by on horse back and beard the lilac's remark-and also saw Tall running after bim with a cutlass. Both men pulled up and shouted to Tall to desist, but he ; heeded them not and cut poor Billy down as though he were a Scotch thistla. Thereupon they drew their swotds and attacked Tall ; but he was expert in defence, and so tall and strong that probably they would have been worsted only that his assigned servants ran up armed with forks, hoes, and axes, and surrounded him ; but it was not until he was nearly cut to pieces that they secured bim, for he would not surrender. Had Joshua Isaiah lived be would have been hanged for a certainty, but be was so badly mauled by his 1 faithful' and ' affectionate' servitors - who, -by the bye. saw an excellent opportunity to pay off a few old scores-that fae never recovered. He was conscious for some time before he died, but though advised by the chaplain to make full con fession of all his misdeeds be confessed nothing, and died impenitent and blaspheming. Billy Bludo had not received his quietus, however, and told a'l HE knew about his late master. There upon search was made for the body of Mrs Tall. The creek was dragged, so was the river and adjacent waterholes, but no body was found. Then it occurred to Billy that Tall ! might have buried her body after killing her, and be went poking about in likely places, and was finally rewarded, for by the roadside, under the shade of a giant eucalyptus, which was cut down to make posts and rails, long before the willows were planted, he found the remains of a woman, which everybody believed to be those of Mrs Tall-who, no doubt, was cruelly murdered by her busbanr, Joshua Isaiah Tall, ex-sergeant major of the 7.'.. <.'. Foot. This is the true and eventful history ? ? the ghost which so many people believe they hav«. seen moving about under the willows near the ! Fitzroy Bridge between midnight and cock-crow -but which, it is hoped, will never be seen again, now that it has received fair play and made the subiect of a first-rate ebost storv in the columns of the GAZETTE, PAUL TWYFORD. 