THE BOOURGE 01? OANOEU. IS IT HEALLY INCHKA.8INQ IN ENGLAND ? Within recent yoars, says tho u Daily Ohroniolo," tho scourgo of cancer is lopulurly supposed to have incroasod h thiB country . That point is tho toxt of a disousBion among modioli! mon, which fills tho now numbor pt thoir ro- cognisod monthly magazine, " Tho Practitionor," Dr. Nowsholmo, tho madical officer of health for Brighton, ha« studiod cancor from tho ooturinl, as woll as tho modical, standpoint. This is what ho says as to tho amouut of canoor in England and AValos : — 11 In tho fivo yoars 1891-95 canoor was ro- sponeiblo for au annual rogietorod mortality of 712, nd in 1890 of 704, to overy million of tho population. Can oor causos about 6 por cont. of tho total deaths rogistorod among malos at Ages ovor 45, and ovor 7 por cont. of tho total deaths rogisloroa among fomalos at ages ovor 46 Woro thnioal facts known' it would bo found that tho number of deaths due to oaucoris ovon groater than those figures indicato." MINEOS' IMMUNITY MOM GANOKIl. Dr. Newsholmo goos in to statistics as to tho local distribution of cancor and its mortality according to tho ocoupntion. Tho thoory that oxcossivo numorouB strains and anxious work provoko ean- aa» «l/\Aa not ranoivo eunnort in tho fact that tho comparative mortality figuro for modical men is only 48, whilo it ifl as high a« 70 for brewers. Ohimnoy BwoopB occupy a supromoly high poKition in mortality from cancor. It would appear that tho irritating effects of the products of iraporfoet combustion of coal is much more prone to bring outcancorous activity than tho manipulation of crudo'coal, though coal heavers have a somewhat high propor tional amount of cancer. Tho low cancerous figures for coal miners indioatos that they enjoy a com parativo immunity from cancer, as woll aB from phthisis. Ho asks, "Can it bo tbat wo havo to look to intemperate habits as being a main factor at work, ratbor than tho particular occupation ?" Noxt has there boon any ronl inoroaso of cancor mortality ? His answer is that it is more apparent than real, being duo to more acourato diagnosis unci Doctor ro- gistration. OAX'csu nun to a rAiusiTE. Mr Plimmor, pathologist to St. Mary's Hospital, rocorde tho result of oxtensivo investigations whioh' lie has made In reference to cancer. These have led bim to the oonolueion that enncer is due to a pnrasito. During tho past six years ho examined mi- croeoopically 1278 cancers. Ho found parasitio bodioe in 1130. Tho follow ing is remarkable " From the last of these caooe whioh came into my hands I was able to isolate an organism whiah in cortain animals was ablo to cause death, with tho produotion of tumors in vnrious parts. Tho cancer - - from which this organism: was isolated ).' : wbb taken from tho brogatof a woman , aged' 35. Ith.ad a history of oiy two ' " month's duration, and it was growing rapidly at the time of tho operation. pAncEa nAttxTEp. EousEa . . Wo havo all hoard of ghost-haunted " . houses ; hut surely there isanew terror : in tho idea of canoor-haunted houses.' . - Mr. D'Aroy Power contributes some' Vj aurious observations as to tho prodilio-' tion of cancor for particular placos, and < ovon for cortain houses. Here is d, , A eases — "Miss B., aged 15, lived in a1- "' cortain houso in a suburb of :LohOi V,.'; for 13 yoars, and diod of canoor of Sp ' stomach in 1881. Miss fi)., aged ?r,. j noxt ocoupiod hor hodrooui. She ha) : - lived in tho houso for 'JO yoars, ami - diod of onccor of tho liver in Ootobor, 1885, Mrs.'J'. aged G7, who had lived '-'-.v in tho liouso for ovor oiglit years, euc- coodud to tho place and to tho bedroom ' suceossivoly ocoupiod by Miss B. and N by Mrs. T. Mrs. J. died of oancbrin v- f 1803." .- ( Mr. D'Aroy Poworoannotbolp think- \ ing tbat sucb eases raiso a strong pro- i sumption in favour of cancor being an ) infectious diseaeo, to whioh somo .aro ' , ratioh moro suscoptibio tbqn others.'. locality seems to bo a predominant';'!', factor, and ho does not put groat stress on a given room or liottso, or wator supply. now oaxorn oak he cuked. - : The final, question is. What can be r dono for ponplo sufforing from canoor?.-.; ,r Profos8or Watson Ohoyno takes tho t viow that canoor isat first a looal, rathor' ; v . than a constitutional troublo. Inthat V : view, if tbo disoaso is dotootod oarly ' ond oporntod upon freely, tbo pationt.: . mnyboourod. Tho attompts to ouro s canoor by otbor moans than operation ' are, ho says, invariably futilo. What can bo dono for a pationt for whom nothing is possiblo in tho way . of notual ouro ? In othor words, is it ' worth whilo living whon a canoor is in ' - full possession ? Says Profossor Wat-' ; son Ohoyno : " In many casos wo can , , still do mtteh to prolong lifo, nnd, what is of much moro importanoo to those patients, to mako such poriod of lifo as romnins to thom much more tolerablo." That is all; 