FEDERAL FINANCE AND HOW TO DEAL WITH IT. (To the Editor of the "Daily Telegraph.") . Sir, — My attention has been directed to your leading article of Monday, in which you en ter upon a further exposition of the financial aspects of Federation, with regard more particularly to the urray of figures placed before the public by Dr. .MacLaurin on Satur day evening. Letmesayatoncethat, though i am not a subscriber to your estimable paper, X have always been a consistent ad mirer of your methods of dealing with the financial aspects of Federation ; and I have been particularly struck with tho brilliancy and versatility of your leading articles upon the subject. 1 quite recognise, as evoryone who understands newspaper worfc must do, the necessity, in the conduct of a great journal like the "Daily Telegraph," for keen ing the public constantly supplied with what the Americans call "joumalisticnovelties." and for holding the public interest at all hazards, even if it involves the occasional disregard of such trival and over-estimated considerations as truth and accuracy— that is, of courso, where a rigid and Quixotic observance of those qualities would impart to the journalistic matter a mere consis tency and uniformity, which, after all, the people do not highly value. To carry out this newsuaper policy in re lation to figures, and thus lceep the public interested, and occasionally excited, must require considerable literary agility, and even somo of the attributes of the literary juggler, when the public are in a dull mood ; but if they should, as they occas- sionally do, rouse themselves and look closely into the articles in question, before they have passed into tho wostepaper basket, beyond the reach of criticism, .on even higher form of literary skill and led- gerdemain is required to escape exposure. Your paper has now been dealing with Federal finance for upwards of a year ; and J think you and your staff can fairly claim that you have never descended to dull repe tition in the statement of estimated Federal expenditure— either in the figures them selves, or in the manner of arranging them ; so that tho public have looked on as chil dren do at a magic-lantern exhibition, won dering what would come next; and the in genious part of it all is that though you have amused your readers, and even in some cases startled them, with the frightful pros pects of Federation, as a child is startled at a ghost story told in tho dusk, they cannot charge you, as they can some newspapers and politicians, with having committed yourselves to any particular set of figures, Why should you bind yourselves down, and so render the subject stale and unexciting? You have to run your newspaper— to in crease the circulation and to attract adver tisers. Your shares are already worth four times their original value ; and the public continue to buy your issues, to read tliew, and in some cases to believe your state ments ; while your shareholders continue to draw their dividends and smile (confiden tially, of course) at the simplicity of that great body of tho people whom xhe older writers used to address as "the gentle pub lic." I have said that you could never bo charged with having committed yourselves to any particular sot of figures in regard to Federation ; but I do not wish to be under stood as denying you the credit of having spoken out loudly and confidently (as loudly and confidently as large type, would enable you) as to what Federation will cost. Your groat cleverness lies in this— that the public could never fix you with any set of figures that you would not be able to quality by producing some ther set from the many which you have from time to time so courageously put forward as occasion re- quired. I should not like to be suspected of writing this letter for the purpose of morely prais- "iff your paper ; so yon will allow luo to say that, m dealing with the figures of an expenditure which is to he, you have a less difficult part to play thau' would he the case if you were dealing with those which re lated to the past. If your Federal finance articles had dealt with a past expenditure, there would certainly he much less scope for the Imagination, for the actual facts of a past expenditure, as attested by accountants, would be a serious Impediment to brilliancy, whereas In dealing will an estimated expenditure your writers enjoy all the Irresponsibility of the statisti cian, and a free hand to add or deduct a mil lion or two, Just as thelir mood or the neces sity for stirring up the public may require. After all, what is a million or two. when it has only to he written or printed? I am sure you will he generous enough to admit that Dr. MacLaurin has assisted you In your ef forts to interest and excite the public; for he, also, has twisted the figures about a good deal, almost as cleverly as your own leader writers. He has, too, added several millions to the estimated expenditure since he signed the Federal Finance Committee's report; so that you have been able to adopt Iris new fi gures, and, as you say, "stanfd on solid ground," treating his figures as an entirely fresh set, and beginning again a perfectly' new series of brilliant and exciting articles. I observe that Dr. MacLaurin has Increased the "estimated" expenditure from £7,000,000 (as fixed by himself when one of the Finance Committee) to nenrly £12,000,000; and you Irave loyally followed him, on the principle of "one good turn deserves another." He has (In creased the new expenditure, which was flxed by the Federal Conference at £260,000, and by Dr. MacLaurin himself at £300,000, to £750,- C00— only 50 per cent, increase! And you have quoted him quite seriously. Dr. MacLaurin told his audience that In order to obtain the necessary revenue for the Federal Govern ment requirements, there would have to be a Federal tariff of 15% per cent, (apart from narcotics and stimulants), and he said that "that would he levelling up the people's tax ation, but levelling down their wealth," yet he seems to have skilfully omitted to tell his audience that he was himself a member of the Dlbbs Government that imposed a 15 per cent, tariff on the people of New South Wales, qultri (irrespective of Federation, so that by his own showing lie joined others in imposing tho new taxation required for Fed eration without securing any of the advan tages of Federation. But it doesn't matter; for, as he himself said in his speech, "some people will believe anything." At the same time I think he should not lose, tho credit of so much consistency because lie happens to be sc modest of Ills accomplishments. In your last brilliant article you were good enough to-mention my name aB having endorsed the conclusion of the Finance Committee, in re gard to New South Wales contributing a' lar ger proportion of taxation to tho Federal re venue than any of the other colonies. This also was very clever on the part of your wri ter, for If I had not had the statement point ed out to me the public might have believed It. If you will bo good enough to refer to so old-fash4onod a record as the Finance Com mittee's report, and refer to my addendum, you will see that I recorded a strong protest -against both Dr. MacLaurln's and Mr. French's opinion on that very point, and di rected attention to the fact that those per centages affected all tho calculations of those gentlemen. But I suppose you think, as Dr. MacLaurin does, that "some people Willi he- iln.iA nr»vth!ntr." VnnrB. Ar.ti.. May 11, 1809, BRUCE SMITH. 