WHERE GHOSTS WALK. -4-e- (Extract.) Edmund F. Ball, in the "Royal Magazine." This remarkable story of the appari tion at Berry Pomeroy Castle, near .Totnes, appears to be authentic, and is -well known in the West of England. The legend runs that in the latter part of the last century Dr. Walter .Farqu :har, who was then at Torquay, was called to the Castle to attend the steward's wife. On his arrival he was shown into a room on the ground floor and asked to, wait a minute. After some minutes had elapsed he grew im patient, and rose to question a female who had opened a side door and was walking across the room. His surprise, howevpr, was great when he noticed her ;manner and garb. She was dressed in rich attire, but in an absolutely out-of date costume, and wrung her hands in a pitiful manner--her face evincing signs of great distress. She walked to the flight of oak stairs and, quickening her pace, disappeared. At that moment the steward entered the room, and an nounced that his wife was ready'to see him. Dr. Farquhar found his patient dangerously ill, and he was so much en grossed with the case that he forgot, ere he left the building, to question the steward as to the young lady in the curious dress he had seen. On the fol lowing day he found his patient much improved, and remembered to ask the steward about the mysterious young lady. As th.e doctor recounted his ex perience the poor fellow showed un mistakable signs of fear and trembling, and told the doctor that now he was sure his wife would soon (lie, as the spectre was the spirit of the daughter of an early owner of the Castle who had murdered her child, and has since ap peared as an omen foretelling the death of an inmate. Dr. Farquhar quickly gave the steward every assurance of his wife's turn for the better, and that he thought she would continue to im prove, but the credulous old steward would not hear of it. The next day the doctor called at the Castle, and was astounded to find that his patient had died soon after he left the place the preceding day. The most strange part of the story is to come. After an interval of several years, Dr. Farquhar was well known in London as Sir Walter Farquhar (1796), and could count among his clients and friends certain members of nobility and Royalty. One day a lady came to him in great distress, saying her sister was ill, and appeared to be wasting away, and that on being questioned, she was most emphatic in saying she saw a ghost when visiting in Devonshire some weeks before, which had left such an impression upon her, that do what she would she could not shake it oil'. The lady further said that the spectre ap peared at Berry Pomeroy Castle, at which Sir Walter started, told his ex periences, and requested to see the young lady immediately, whom he found sullering as described. The poor girl appeared greatly relieved to be speaking to some one who shared her uncomfortable experience, and, it may be added, soon regained her usual health. Sykes Lumb Farm, near Blackburn, Lancashire, has a well- known reputa tion for being haunted. The house itself is a very primitive dwelling, built of large, roughly hewn blocks 'of coarse limestone, having a lonely 'situatiatonn a secluded dell by the banks of the Meller Brook. Several parties have asserted that they have seen an old wrinkled' woman pass along the road which led: to the Lumb, but were so afraid that they never dared to ques tion her. It came to pass that a young farmer occupied the premises, and on seeing the "ghost" One night beneath an old apple, tree in the orchard he accosted her, when she pointed to the ground. The young man dug and soon came upon' a number of earthenware jars containing ancient gold and silver coins of hundreds of pounds value. After this night it is said the old dame has not troubled the country folk so much. Heath Old0 Hall, near Wakefield, Yorkshire, also has its ghost. This mansion is a splendid pile of the Elizabethan period, and the windowe were formerly emblazoned with the arms of some of the chief of England's nobility. In 1593 William Witham, why was in possession, was suddenly taken ill and 'died. "A later owner of the Hall was a sister of Witham's-Lady Mary Bolles-a strong-minded woman, who was locally known as "Old Mother Hubbard," and who, it is recorded, diel in 1662 at the age of 83. Tradition says that this lady's spirit still haunts the place. Her favourite spot seems to be the old banqueting hall, where she has been seen to glide along in a 'most mysterious fashion. This ghost is also reported to have walked in Heath Grove; but was afterwards con jured down into a, hole of the river, which is even to this day known as "Bolles' Pit." There iS a strange story of the super natural in connection with Hackwood House, an old mansion near ~3asing stoke, in the shape of the ghost of a young lady, said to have been murdered there. She was seen soon after the house was purchased by Lord'Bolton, )by Lord Bolton himself and two of his friends. The ghost of Barbara Villiers, Duchess of Cleveland, is said to haunt Walpole House, Chiswick Mall, and her spirit appears at short intervals at a bedroom window in the upper part of the house, wringing its hands and beseeching some unknown person to "Give her back her lost beauty." 