Zilleo Kachem-" nho ride of OGaway." [Br GERALD K. LORRIMER.) CHARTER I. THE FIsnnERAN'e DAUTHTER. "Deo mighty Lord ! Look a-dar Phad rig !" r"LHowly Mose ! what's the matter wid the nagur now I It's a quare darkey ye are, Pomp, at all, always after kickin' up a divil av a row about nothin'. Is it the wurruld's end ye see, uwid Ould Nick backin' up to spear yez wid the end aT his' tail jist ' " Wus'n that, I speks. Look a-yon der !" He pointed over the sea, to where a dark object, surmounted by a small dark cloud, was rising rapidly out of the water. The speakers were lying on the sands at Sloan Head, oh the coast of Galway, watching the sea. Phadrig was a native of Galway. and therein he had the advan tage of the coloured man, who had been cast up by the sea, the sole survivor of a wreck, when a youth; and the people of the coast having been very kind to him, Ithe had remained with them, and was now, with Phadrig, in the service of Dennis O'Malley, the fisherman, "on shares." " What is it, anyhow !" ejaculated Phadrig, rising and gazing in astonish ment at the queer shape out at sea. "If it wasn't black I'd" ie ifther sayin' it was a spook. Did yeiver hear tell av a sperit bein' black, Pomp ? Howly St. Patrick ! mebbe it's the ghost av a nagur." The "queer" shape asumed form. It became a long and narrow cylinder, rising quickly up towards the heavens. Suddenly the cloud above darted down and united with the cylinder, which whirled around and advanced towards the shore at an alarming rate of speed, while a roaring sound was herd; and the sea at its base became a raging whirlpool, lashed into foam. " Och, murther !" shouted Phadrig, as he saw the shape advancing. "I'll nivir atop here and be tuk up to hivin in that cloud avbrimatun. Look at the fire dartin' out av the aides av it. Begorra it's aint from the other place. Take to yer legs Pomp--the Ould Boy's afther yez." " Howly saints ! Miss illeen, ye mustn't stay here, he gasped." Hoo! out yonder Satan an' his imps am comin'. Run fer yer life I" Eilleen O'Malley, the fisherman's only daughter, made a very pleasing picture as stood on the sands holdming Phadrig's arm. Her figure was lithe and rounded, her face was browned by the winds of the coast of Galway, and her hair was blown around her by the light breeze that was now commencing to be felt, and it was no wonder that the honest fishermen round about called her the "Beauty and Pride of Galway." " What is it ye'r standin' there fer now I" continued P'hadrig, looking over his shoulder with a startled glance toward the terrible shape at sea. "Don't you see the Ould Harry's afther us wid all his sails set 1" "Where do you intend to go for safety I" asked lilleen quietly. "Faix, we'll run to the house av course." " That shape out yonder would demolish the house in a second. It's a waterspout. I never saw oi?t' before, but I have read of them." "Do mighty Lord !" cried Pomp, show ing the whites of his eyes and turning a shade lighter with ?iallor. "Ouif! we's goners, suah." At that instant a small skiff, with but a single occupant, that had been hidden from view by a headland, came in sight, its occupant pulling for the shore for life. The waterspout pursued him like a demon. Had it come on steadily, in a straight line, he mingt have escaped by pulling at right angles with its course ; but it described curves, darting suddenly this way and that, and no one could say what direction it would assume the next instant. The better chance of safety, then, would be to pull straight for the shore regardless of the pursuer. Those on the shore watched this strange and awful race with clasped hands and beating hearts. For a quarter of a mile the sea at the base of the waterspout was a mass of foam. The outer edge of the whirlpool caught the skiff a hundred yards from the shore, and in an instant it was capsized and its occupant hurled into the sea. "Help, help!' came faintly to the watchers' ears, as they iaw a hand and arm thrown up above the mass of foam." Killeen ran wildly up and down the sands. It was terrible to see a man drowning before her eyes. "Oh! can ncthing be done to save him 1" she cried, wringing her hands. " Sorra a thing," groaned Phadrig. " Oh, 'tis a sad day fer Galway." " Dar's no hope fer do white man, missey-no hope, no hope !" Having done its work, the angry whirl pool, through some unaccountable freak of nature, paused in its track and remain ed in the same place, whirling round and round as though on a pivot, and sending out a hissing, roaring sound. . The swimmer could be seen struggling peool, and striving manfully to relee him self from its grasp. Had he been nearer its centre he would have ben drawn under instantly and lost. As it was, he could not gain an inch, and barely held his ower; . - Eilleeni-ahrieking alouid in the-sym pathy of her tender heart, wild with anxietyfor the almost exhausted swimmer, although she knew not who he was, ran a few steps to a small cove, where lay her skiff. "Howly mother !" shouted Phadrig, as she shoved it from themand and sprang in. "'Come back, illeen ! For the love av hivin come back, or ye'll be kilt intirely." Eilleen paid no heed to his entreaties, as he came running towards her, but bent to the ears and sent the skiff spinning out to sea, directly towards the waterspout. She rached the edge of the whirlpool. It caught her boat, but not with force enough to reader her anable to control the skiff by exerting all her strength, al though, if she were drawn in ten yards further, no human power could save her. The swimmer was almost exhaested. He struggled, for he saw help eroming, but could do no more than hold his head above water. lilleen forced her beat to him. He caught it at the Lstrn and held witha death grip. Bending to her ars once mor, she rowed as she had never rowed before. It was a struggle of a alight, brare: daughter of arin against the raging ele ments, and she anquered at lat. Inch by inch she gained, and at last drew clear of the whirlpool into the cah water. And then the waterspout, as if aware that it had been cheated of its prey, seemed to rise bodily out of the sea, tak ing the water with it. And then, with a loud and sullen roar, it put itself in mo tion and moved swiftly up the coast. Eilleen, exhausted now that the danger was past, dropped the oars and sank faint ing to the bottom of the skiff. Phadrig, who had been groaning and praying on the shore, leaped into the sea, struck out with bold and lusty strokes, and was alongside in a moment. Climbing into the skiff, he leaped to the stern and caught the rescued man, who, now thoroughly exhausted, was just re leasing his hold. Phadrig, strong as a lion, lifted him over the side. And now there were two senseless be. ings in the boat-Eilleen, who was lying unconscious at the bow, and he who ha? been saved almost by a miracle, and who also had fainted, in the stern. "It's a divil av a muss to be shure !" muttered ?hadrig as he looked from one to the other. "Shure, they're as party a pair uas ivir my eyes beheld, to take the two av thim thegether. Away wid yea, Phadrig, an' be after snakin this craft ashore quicker'n Pomp over yonder could scale a herrin !" With this Phadrig bent to the oars, and sent the skiff spinning into the cove. "Golly," said the darkey, as he sprang into the skiff and saw the freight. "Am dey dead, Phadrig 1" " Sorra a bit av me knows. Shouldher up the young gintleman, an' be afther cartiu' him to the house wid ye." The house of O'Malley, the fisherman, was justbeyond the range of sand hills that rose beyond the beach, a hundred or so from the edge of the sea, and to the house Pomp carried the young man, closely followed by Phadrig, who bore Eilleen. Eilleen had no smother, and as her father was too poor to hire ahousekeeper. she acted in that capacity and was servant as well. And so when Pomp reached the house, he hardly knew what to do with his burden. Just then Phadrig came up. "Be after takin' his intil the house, ye fool," said Phadrig. "Begorra' it takes a moighty good man to bate a nagur far sthupidity." The darkey carried his burden into the house, where further contention between him and the Phadrigwau put an end to by Eilleen, who now recovered consciousness and realised what was going on. "Put me down, Phadrig," she said, "An' so I will, be the token." Overjoyed that she had come to herself, he placed her in a chair. To be continued. 