NEW NOVELS. A wave of spiritualistic tendency — here, thoughtful and based on something' like calm judgment; there, the mere rainbow spray of fan- tastic emotion — seems to bo passing over tho fic- tion of tho moment. Whether it comes as a re action from the scientific materialism which has steadily grown and strengthened until it has in vaded all branches of literature, or whether it is merely ono of thoso curious transient impulses of which tho seeming uniformity means but hap hazard coincidence, it is difficult to say. But tho fact remains that books dealing with the spiritual, the mysterious, tho intangible, grow and multiply just now, and are cordially welcomed. Of the parcel of novels arriving from tho Syd ney Book Club tills week, no less than tlireo hover around, or boldly cross in subject, tho con fines of tho spirit world. " "An Angel In a Web," by Julian Ralph (Harper and Brothers), may per haps take precedence among these, even setting aside tho added charm of Mr. W. T. Smcthey's exquisite Illustrations. Hero the story, though moving freely upon an earthly plane, is pervaded by tlio presence of a guardian spirit, the "Ethe- rlan" who, wlillo less attentive to everyday detail than Mr. Du Maurler's "Martian," Is equally de voted, and moro sane In the measure of its ex pectations. The heroine Laura, tho guardian spirit's protegee, Is a fine girl, and tho subordin ate characters are well drawn. In "The Sound of a Voice that is Still," by Archlo Campbell (Georgo Hedway), we may bo said to tako leave of tho novel proper, and enter upon the regions of pure spirit psychology. Tho hero's long-dead relatives spring to life again, in renewed youth, move and chat and sup with him, lu order, it ap pears, that they may air their views on social, religious, and other topics. They discuss much that Is useful, and take high views of life gener ally. When tho spirit, Divino, lectures on "The True Religion," which is evidently recognised by tho whole disembodied band to be Thcosopliy, ho says much that is temperate, just, and oven in spiring, not the less so because entirely unsec- tarlan. But though we respect the writer's earn estness, ami sympathise sincerely with his evident desire to spread thoso views of n future life, or lives, wherein ho lias lilmsolt found consolation, we cannot close our eyes to tho fact that hl3 choice of form is utterly Inartistic, even gro tesque. No writer of fine perception would havo attempted to tell such a story In fiction. The third story of the class above-mentioned is frankly a ghost story of the better order. Tho author, Theo Douglas, follows, however, in "Carr of Dimscaur" (Harpers) as in "Iras: A Mystery," "A Brido Elect," and other earlier works, a psycho-scientific, rather than a sensational, me thod of presentment. "Carr of Dimscaur," as a shade, will bo found an entertaining companion enough for a two-hours' Interval. In the flesh, we should prefer to give so grim a prophet of the gospel of vengeance a wide berth. Three other novels arriving from tho Sydney Book Club are "The Procession of Life" (Sand3 and Co.), by Horace Annesley Vatchell, whoso clever study, "A Drama in Sunshine," we noticed last week. "The Procession of Life" is also a Califoraian story, in which some material, taken from a shorter sketch which appeared in the "Overland Magazine," has been used again. ..uiuuu vuicueu is one ol iiiose writers or wnom ono. may safely predict ultimate "arrival," If the portal be not already passed. "Tho Cure of St. Phillippo" is a new story of French-Canadian politics, by Francis W. Grey, published by Dlgby Long and Co. The same firm send also "John Bede's Wife," by Cecil Wentworth, which, llko "Tho Maze of Life," by George Newcomen (Bel- lairs and Co.), is a fairly readable story of the "Family Herald" order, calling for no particular notice on the scoro of literary merit. Mr. Helne- rr.ann is a publisher who owes his success to the fact that, as a man of genuine literary tastes, he is rarely beguiled into errors of judgment. The reader who is responsible for the appearance in print of "Tho Amazing Lady," by M. Bowles, has fallen far below tho firm's usual mark. "The Amazing Lady" is a spineless, sickly-sentimental novel of tho true decadent type, with a violet- scented heroine who, straining at a gnat and swallowing a camel, is vulgar in the worst, be cause the most self-conscious, way. "M. Bowles," whoso youthful obtuseness is positively pathetic, evidently intends her for a model of daintiness. 