HIS ENEMY'S DAUGHTER PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. 3ES27- HCacBxa-os-f G-laxLville, (Author of "The Fosslcker," "The Lover's Quest," "The Kloof Bride," "The Lost Heiress," "A Fair Colonist," &c.;, &C.; ' COPYRIGHT. . CHAPTER XH.-tContiriucd.) ' "Rather hope that I am right, of you love the child.' Fbr if it Is not as I say, there is ionly one thing lefiand that is that they will eet rid ol" him— yes, kill him." ' "Kill him! No, no. They would not have fche heart." , , "You do not know these men," said the (Cacique, with a fierce look. ' _ "But they told me hlB life was safe— Pedro himself Bald so— by tne goiaen uoms mat was Blven him." '.'A golden bolas!" . "Yes. A singular trinket. Pedro himself (wore one fashioned ill silver, and Senor Fer- jdinand also wore one In the form of n watch The Cacique opened his poncho, and bared.. '''"WasTlt' llketiils?" he asked, pointing to a ExncUy,'"" said.' Elmore." "What' does It "It is no bolas," said the Cacique proudly. "'It Is the Inca's sign of the sun— the token tot his /fallli, the pledge of his descent. Bu. what right had that scum, that miserable muleteer, to wear the sign?" > "Ha.t It any power over the boys life, oo he said, or was he merely romancing? "They may observe It," said the other, "'though they heeded It not when It was worn !by some one who had a greater claim to its protection. It would protect him lamong the Indians, and it It was given him it was to serve ns a protection against the people of the forest. Of that you may be sure. Who ever gave him the token kuew that the boy .would be taken from you." Elmore remembered the agitation Miss Col ston had shown when she threw the chain lover Jack's head at their last meeting on tlie road, and a feeling of bitter resentment rose in him because she had not spoken to him more clearly of the danger In store. He felt keenly how helpless he was in this fast not Ithat had' been spread to capture hlm» and his helplessness, coupled with his completeig- norance of the designs of men who had so cruelly wronged him, so easily ktlnded hljn< bred in him a feeling of fury that kicked ngalnst the slow plo,n of his new menu. That night they came to a gipsy camp, a few teldos (huts), made out of guanaco skins, and after a single meal Kn ®o,l by the fire' when one of the squat broad-faced ir;en, after an inquiring look at Elmore, said a few words to the Cacique. "I'r tells me," said the latter, turning to (Elmore, "that he has seen you before; and That the little boy who was then with you has passed with Pedro and three other men this afternoon." ! CHAPTER XIII; "Is the man certain that It was Pedro?" PB"Theite gipsies do not mistake. He saw you and- your party on your way up, and tf you had not met again for five years he would have recognised you. He is right, and It as I thought; Pedro has had his orders. - "If we follow at daybreak, knowing the path they have taken, we should easily over take them then." ... , The Cadlque shook head. . . Be guided by me in this, that It will be better for us to secure arms first." "At any rate," said Elmore, let us find out What direction they have, taken, and impos sible their destination. That I Insist on. "Insist!" "Oh, for Heaven's, sake, don't quarrel about words, but let us be certain about something The Cacique tookhglpsy aside, and after eunrlse"1n' the"blthfg 'cold, hfdaNmesthaJ was profound, Elmore was aroused to take a cup of mate, ind a tasteless dish of cold rice, a very unsatisfactory preparaUon for a uird day's work. The Cacique drew his brilliant coloured poncho around hlsshoulders and then stepped out through tho drlvlng mist over rocks Bllppery with wet. As the light In creased the mist turned to ruin, and gradu ally vegetation replaced the stones and rocks, while the constant clamour of parrots came through the heavy all' from unseen woods. Elmore complained of the sudden change from the dry cold air to the soaking r'"' ... "We are on the east slope of the Corclli leras," said the Cacique, from whose som brero the water ran In rivulets, and on this side there Is almost always ruin. A\ hen we cet on to the plains It may be dry. "I hope so," said Elmore, who was 111 pre- Papresently 'there was the noise of a torrent. (Then they plunged Into a dense scrub and through to a winding path which crossed and re-crossed the stream, then entered a dark belt of trees, whose moist trunks were c<w?.T" ed with moss. The ground beneath was like n sponge, and waving ferns wet with the drops from the trees clung to their clothes, or with a clammy touch swept across their faces. "It would he death to the boy if he came through this," groaned Elmore. "We have taken it short way. Pedro would keep with the mules down the ridge. "Thank God for that!" muttered Elmore, as he plodded along, wot to the skin. If he is well that is all I ask, but If anything hap pens to him they shall answer for It." "Well or 111," said the Cacique, savagely, fot the wet was trying his temper, "they shall BUFor several hours they struggled on through .the wood, to emerge at lust in a clearing i\nei«> stood a collection of toldos, with a corral near, and an acre or so of garden land. As they emerged, the gipsy who had left them the pre vious night, came out to meet them, and spoke a few words to the Cacique. "He says that Pedro has gone north towards the headwaters of the River Mlramon. He was travelling fast, and was joined by two of hlB other men. one of them being an officer of the Flltbusieros. Have you a libra for the man?" , . : . Elmore took out a sovereign, which the gipsy received with glittering eyes. Then with his habitual stolid expression he drew his .poncho around him and went back to his camp in the mountain. "Now " said the Cacique, after a moment's thought, "I will tell you my plan. There Is -a anan here whom I can trust. For ten libra he will do what I want, and that is to follow Pedro until lie Is certain of his destination, and then meet us on the plain at a spot he knows between the rivers Mlramon and Hual- laga. You do not mind the pay?" Elmore opened the pouch In his belt, and banded out the colnB. "Whut next?" ha said. "The next thing Is to rest, eat, and dry our clothes. They have tobacco here, and after eating we can smoke and talk." Two or three women had gathered before the open doors of the toldos. and dusky chil dren, in loose cotton garments, peeped at them. They all humbly acknowledged the Cacique's salutation and .made way for him as he entered the largest hut. At this place they remajned the night, feasting well on stewed duck and camotes, delicious sweet potatoes, and In the morning the Cacique made terms with an intelligent-looking youth named Ramon to follow after Pedro and meet them within a fortnight at a spot named on tlie plain between the two rivers. A week later the two sworn friends reach ed a haclendo at the foot of the mountain, where they arranged with the Gaucho owner for two mustangs and their fittings, includ ing lassos. Elmore . fitted himself out as a Gaucho, with the coloured poncho (a blan ket with a slit in the middle), wide fringed trousers, huge spurs, wide sombrero bound round with a gay strip, and a blazing red belt. He carried a AVinchester repeating rifle with two bandoliers, and a hunting knife. His companion was similarly equipped and sat his saddle with the ease of tlie most skilled horseman In the world. "Now we are all right," he said, as he noted drtth satisfaction that Elmore had per fect control of his half-tamed steed. "Not yet," said Elmore, grimly. "I shall not feel satisfied till I have the little brother on the saddle before me." "And our enemies dead! It Is long now Blnce I killed one. and the last fell over. In the forest at a huaca, where the devil was rifling the graves of the dead for wealth." "I don't- like to hear you talk like that." "Why not?" asked the chief, haughtily; "If-ls fiendish to talk of killing a man In cold blood, and I am sure from what you have tfone for me that you do yourself an In- justice." "You remember," said the other, with a gloomy look, 'they called me 'El Demonio' up there In the mountain. Be sure they had cause, and as for killing a man who would: kill you if vou did not strike first, I see noth ing to fret about.,, You yourself have a bitter feud with these: "men. Will you content yourself with a few reproaches when you meet?" and the Cacique looked with a sar castic smile at Elmore. , ... "I shall tell them my opinion In a few straight words, and lay the case before the authorities when I hgve recovered my bro ther." . The Cacique laughed, and reaching over he tapped the barrel of Elmore's rifle. "That," he said, "Is the argument you will use, just as you used your revolver up there. Come! let us say what ,we mean, and not what we wish. When a man hunts the jaguar he does not prepare to deal with a sheep, and when you go on the track of the Fillbusteros, you must be ready to shoot first. That Is the wisdom of the plains and the law of the forest; for the man who Btops to talk gives his enemy an opening. I was young when I learnt that, and it was well for me, else I- had been sialn when I met my first trial." "How was that?" "I was but a boy when a stranger found me with a family of peons. He asked me ques tions of my parentage, and when I answered he made a great cry, saying that he was my servant who had long searched for me. He made many promises and took me with him 'on his horse. .But .when we had left the tol dos behind his manner changed, and I clasp ed him tight round the walat. First he swore, then he laughed and asked me to tighten the strap of the girth. When I was busy at th". horse's side I saw him loosen his bolas and gather up the reins; then he freed Ills hoot from the- wooden stirrup to strike me, and so I caught the reins, forced the horse on to his haunches, then swinging my weight on the bridle I pulled him down. Well after that I rode back to the toldos, and when the peon saw me he showed the sign of treachery in' Ills fear. I swung the bolas- round his legs and thrashed him with a raw hide strap. Then I rode off. And I have trusted no man since until I have proved him." "Did .vou never have any companions?" asked Elm-ore," restraining a desire to ask what had become of the fallen horseman. "Have you been always alone. There are pretty girls enough. Have you never loved one of them?" The - Cacique lifted his hat with an air of reverence. "All that I have loved or will love was burled In my mother's grave," he said so lemnly. Then, as he replaced his sombrero, lie dug his spurs fiercely, and his' horse, with a snort of rage, beat the' air with his fore feet, then tore off madly. Elmore rode after, deep In thought. He rea lised fully what it meant to be linked with such a companion. But he realised. also that there could be no turning back. When fin ally he overtook the other they rode along In silence, but he noticed that the grey eyes of the Cacique were, continually sweeping the horizon In glances that seemed to take note of everything. Presently he placed his hand on Elmore's aim, and pointed to where a clump of "cans, brava" grew round a small laguna. "AVhat Is It?" said Elmore. "A magnificent Chance for a chase." he said, unhitching the bolas from his saddle horn mid trying the swing of It. "Not often does one get an opportunity like this, with a couree of a full mile to the next cover. The lasso, however, Is of no use, and you have no bolas. Take mine." "No thunks. I would swing It round my own neck." "Very well," returned the other, eagerly, "will you' drive the thing out towards me? I will get round by the side." And he started olt at a gallop. Elmore kept on to the thicket of cane, ex pecting that some Bpecles of deer was there hidden. But when his horse was within a few yaids of the outer fringe it suddenly twisted round with a snort of terror, almost unseating him. Gaining the mastery after a severe tus sle he again forced the mustang with ears pricked, shoulders in a lather and muscles quivering, up to within a yard or two, when he spread his forefeet out and refused to stir. A low, querulous, snarling sounded from the tl'lcket, then as Elmore shouted, to encourage the beast, whatever it was, to move, there was a sound of splashing within, and a soli tary swan, making a. tremendous clatter with its wings, arose. ' The mustang reared up, and as It came down Elmore drove the spurB In. Confused and smart ing with pain the terror-stricken animal v,as Into the eupes with n bound, and as the supple reeds struck the rider across the face he was conscious of a terrible din. combined of loud quacking, flapping of wings, and a Savage roar. His mount struggled through the water, crashed Into the canes beyond, then drew up on the plain, and Elmore real ised the cause of the uproar. To his right, following across the plain, was a large dun- coloured animal. A ringing shout of "El Puma!" drew his attention to the-Cacique, who, with his body bent, was urging his horse to full gallop In pursuit. " ' "AVell, I'm hanged," waS Elmore's muttered exclamntlon, as he thought what might have happened if the mountain lion had sprung upon him in the canes, "He should have warned me." Then, with a "Yolcks!" lie Join ed In t'/e chase. The puma did not seem to be hurrying, and easily kept the lead, with-hls tail strung out and the white Of his belly gleaming as his hind-quarters went up at each spring. For a quarter of a mile he kept his lead, then he suddenly stopped and looked back over his shoulder. Then he swung round, crouched close to the ground, panting heavily, his tall jerking from side to side, and If is white teeth showing. Tho Caelque reined 111 about fifty yards off, waiting for Elmore to come up. "He means to fight. He Is fat and cannot run more." Elmore quickly unstrapped his rifle. , "No, no, don't shoot. At any rate not un less I miss with the bolas. Give him a few seconds to get his wind.'-' The Cacique twisted u cigarette and lighted It, spoke soothingly to Ills horse, and swing ing the bolas rode towards the crouching beast. The puma lowered its head and gathered its haunches, and Elmore stood fascinated, his glance going quickly from the bolas to the yellow form on the ground. Straight up the Cacique rode, slightly crouch ing In his saddle, a slight movement of his brown wrist giving the momentum to the three balls each on Its own thong of braided hide— up to within twenty feet, when there were three movements, almost simultaneous ly—the puma's bound to a savage roar, the whizz of the bolas, and the swift sidelong plunge of the mustang. i«e next moment the puma was on the ground snarling, and tearing, while tlie Cacique, reining In his horse, freed his lasso. "Let me finish him," he cried, as he saw Elmore endeavouring to cover the struggling puma, whose foreleg was bound securely to his body by the coll of the bolas. Tl)e long hide shot out Its snake-like colls, the loop sank over the round head, and with a violent jerk, as the mustang started off, and with choking scream, the great cat waB drawn over the ground. "By Jove! that was a fine bit of work.'-' said Elmore, as they viewed the dead- body, which was that of a grown male. The Cacique laughed. There was a sparkle In his eyes, a dark flush in Ills cheeks, that told of the sporting blood of his . English father, and he looked handsome In his ani mation. ' ' ' "It was a good run," he said. "If you had missed with the bolas It would have gone hard with -you." 1 ' . . . "Had it b.een a jaguar, yes. But a puma Is' content to scratch and run. Maybe we shall come across the path of a jaguar In the wood, and I will teach you how to kill him, Indian fashion, with a spear.' , ' . 1 "Thank you for nothing," said Elmore,., laughing, "I prefer the rifle myself. What Is'' to be done with this brute?" "I will take his skin off for Ramon. AV'e should meet him in two days, and tho boy will prize it." . Elmore smiled, for the judged that the hoy was as old as the Cacique himself. The puma was stripped of his hide under the noses of the mustangs, for. as tlie Cacique said, it was well to accustom them to the scent of their natural foe. Then they kept on at an easy amble till sundown, when Elmore shot a deer, mid his companlotn Introduced him to the bonne bouche of the plains, the "came ol cuero" — venison roasted on the live coals, with the skin still on. The horses had the length of the lassos to graze, but they pre ferred cropping the. long grass near the fire, slopping at Intervals to look stealthily Into the darkness. The many layers of the Gau cho saddle spread out made a good couch, am! the travellers slept the sound sleep of the healthy, to he up before sunrise, awakened by the loud "conk-conk" of swans flying. high from the night's feeding to some wide laguna. At noon of the third day they sighted. some ruined remains, overgrown with scrub arid trees. i "If Is the Chalpas," said the Cacique, "'the burial tower of the Aztecs. It Is there wo shall meet Ranion, or near It, for I doubt if he lias the courage to enter within Its, walls. All, yes, there he Is," and he pointed to the figure of a man under a tree some distance from the ruin. Ramon ran forward to meet them with a look of joy In his open brown face. The Cacique, . however, did not stop, bqt rode on to tlie tree and dismounted, then bade Ra mon. build a fire. It was not until after they had eaten, and the Inevitable cigarette was lighted, that he gravely signified to the young peon that he could speak. This the latter did with great volubility, pointing continu ally -to the north-west, while Elmore Intently watched his friend's face for some Indication of the message. He could read nothing, how ever. In the cold grey eyes and thin firm lips; and had to wait till the peon had finished. "Well?" he said presently, when the flood of eloquence ceased, and Ramon stood wait ing for the praise he felt was due to him and iiic iinuic/ ite uuu cuniuu. The Cacique paid over the money and point ed to the puma skin. "You have done well," he said. "Vaya con dios." . ' Ratron hid his money In the lining of his poncho, swung the hide over his shoulder, and with a salute and a laughing suggestion to beware of the- ghosts of the Chalpas, he went off at a dancing step. CHAPTER XIV. "Well " Bald Elmore again, "what did he say? Has he been successful? Is my brother well?" The Caelque puffed at his cigarette, then coolly rolled another. "The little one Is well," he said, "and Pedro has gene towards the gathering-place of the - Fllibusteros. So much Ramon heard from one of the men who had gone with Pedro." "How far Is this place?" "By distance it may be 50 miles." "Then we can be there In two days or three. And the little chap is wed. That is better news than I had hoped for." "I said that the Fillbusteros were gather ing." "I heard. But they are not gathering for fear of us, or to guard a little boy. Come, don't you yourself think the news Is good?" "I think It Is good," the other replied, with a fierce gesture, "yes, for my enemies will be together, and where the men are there will be the leaders, But you will not see your brother in three days, unless you are taken prisoner." "Take me prisoner! They dare not." "They may prefer to shoot you," said the' Caelque, calmly. "If they got hold of you they would do with you what best suited them. And as Pedro has made for their re treat It is very plain that they would make short work of you for his sake, and for the sake also of S'enor Ferdlnand.Onee for all.kUe up all Idea of carrying things high-handed as an Englishman. They have the advantage of us in numbers, and you may be sure they will have scouting parties out. Maybe they will employ Indians to track us. Wa must qo Into this matter warily, opposing to the'r numbers, skill, caution, and patience." "It seems to me," said Elmore, with a frown, "that this Is a cose In which boldness would pay best." ; "Whenever I have gone on the trail," was the -reply, "I have gone alone; and I don't know why I should trouble to keep you wltli ri.e. But I have sworn brotherhood, and J will stand by you." "Good!" said Elmore warmly. "I knew you would take my view. Let us start at once." "Oh, no," was the unmoved reply. "It Is you who will take my view, arid don't let us waste more words over the matter. If we were In search of a gold reef I would follow your lead, as your knowledge would be most reliable; but tn this matter I know: most. You must see that yourself." He said this wltli emphasis, and with a jerk of his hooked nose that recalled the im- pitssloii of p.n eagle's bill. Elmore had the good sense to reconcile him self to the situation without giving expression to the angry retort that rose to his lips. He had every reason to respect the courage of hi-, companion, and to admit his superior gener alship and resource. "In future," he said, with just a trace of bitterness, "I, will agree to whatever you sug gest." "It costs you something to say that," said the Cacique, and he stretched out his hand, "hut I am glad you have said It. for I was afraid wo might quarrel, and I have grown to like you." Elmore took the proffered hand In a firm grasp, with some emotion, for the. Cacique had spoken in a low musical voice, tn strik ing contrast to his usual harsh and guttural speech. "Now let me tell you what Is In my mind," continued the chief, "These men who have used you as their tool have designs much greater than those you have mentioned, such for Instance as the making of money from a gold mine which does not exist. AVhatever money they have captured in your country Is, I am sure, to be used for another scheme, and not for their pleasure. When the Fill- busteroB were here before, they, or at any rate their leaders, had in their nearts a great hope, and that was the discovery of the hid den wealth of the Incas. They robbed and they raided to win the means for eontlnu- Ing their search. They did not succeed, that I knew; but I know also that they had cer tain Information that the treasure was In ex istence and undisturbed. They know, too, a certain valley In which the treasure was bur led, and that all the engineering skill of the Aztecs was called upon to una a sure way of hiding the wealth. The country near where the hidden treasure lies Is fore'3i-grown, wild, and over-run by Indians, so that those who seurch there are compelled to go In numbers and strongly armed. The ol a uand was dis persed for want of means, and now that the meanB have been found the old fjearch will bo continued. I need not tell you what cause I have to hate these men— that 1b' my own sorrow, calling for revenge whether I had met you or not. But it seems to me that you are concerned In tills regatnerlng of the band." "I do not see It." "Yet It seems to me clear. I have said that great engineering skill was used in the bury ing of the treasure. Senor is-erdlnand him self has studied engineering, but he has no experience, and his experiments were costly, and of no use. What more natural than that they should try to secure your services?" "If they had wished for my > services they would have told me In the first place." "Not so. For they were under the neces sity to raise money und required your name to help them out with that supposed mine." "But then why should they have threaten ed my life, or taken my brother-prisoner?" . "They threatened you with violence to make you the more eager to accept service .'with therii, and they .took your little, boy to. bring you to them. Tlley knew that you would not have accepted any other offer from them after the Way they served you over the mine, unless they could force you." "But," said Elmore In amazement, "you yourself a moment ago said I would lose my life If I ventured among them, and appa; l-entlv from whatlyou say they would receive mo gladly." The Cacique smiled. ."Would you accept service .with them .now?!" ' / "No," was the emphatic reply. "Not if they offered you a share of th hidden wealth?" ,, "Net if they offered me the whole." ' . "Are you sure?" . . .' r Elmore met the other's keen gaze with an indignant glance. "I knew It," said the Caelque quietly "They would be glad to receive you, pro vided you Would accept their terms." "B.it I think you are wrong. For 'they wished me to quit the country for Brazil." "Thut was merely a trick. What they wan ted was that you should leave the mountains for the side furthest from the sea, when thev avoui'1 have had you in their power. And. just think, my friend, of your position. With your brother In their hands they would have bent i our, will to anything." "Do you think they had this treasure-hunt ing In their minds when they engaged me In London?" (TO BE CONTINUED.) 