i brothers of the Chain. S 111' GEORGE GRIFFITH, 9 ..The Augel of the Revolution,/. Outlaws ot the Air," "Tim . Gold- . . R i aiiler, Tlie A Irgln of the Sun," R Ac, &c; R CO l'Y RIGHT 9 rllAITBR xxi.-xnu TURNING Off THE I C WAYS. I I some tbroe weeks after Uio Marquis 8 rinncl.e hid (>enlc<l the ifnto ,a£„tlic I fit rat by gM»S Captain rrauklandTiei I to cnirj out Uio nliodom sugges I (i'oii width Mcrrhnle lincl made, the 'Co I - -r..,w nub I lslied ' a ; narrative almost, I f not aiiito, as extraordinary as that which I , been toad to Lady Sojmoui and her I , i fbtc. in the drawlngioon. of the house In I Zl street b5 a man who wns then .i mil I ilonalrc with the lightest of worldly -pio- I ..del, before him I Jnst now Uds same mm was sitting I ' diaiued hi a wooiltn cell on the 'tween docks I , of the I tenth tout let sli'p ' Vondome' and I. cbalucd, «trnngel\ uiou„h> to ti .fellow con I vlct who was the II. lug 1 iii.igc of tlio in an I n'lio 1, id been ju t before him In.'tho aftoc I Hon" of Violet Seyn.our,;and:AVlipin, he, had I stiiricd orit with, Lieutenant .fitonnpnt :, to I iamt don 11, or en if lie had to follow him | round the woild to do so " I dt was scarcely possible -for, a. -human, lot | to tare changed mure swiftly- prjnioi'c.tcr- | rlbly There was bad-:blood,just'.thciii =rnot i only between Franco/and England, -but also between Franco /anil/America; vwlilolir had just "topped forlli to take , lior place as a i AVorbl-I'owcr, and the- trial landeondemnn- tlon of Mark StnudlsU.hnd bcenias hurried 011(1 secret as the trial dind been .unfair,;,- - , Thl« narrative .was flic Jolnt.story of three nicn of very different conditions, in: life. One of them was Marcus Doyen thai, a conspicu ous member of -the- Melbourne -Stock Ex- cbnuge. The second was Thomas Orpen- sbaw, a long-limbed, big-boned Yorkshire/- uinii who had gone out to Australia thirty years before in charge of a lot of valuable elock, and bad so far Improved the oppor tunities which ho found waiting for hlni as lo become the lord of ninny brond acres and the owner ot couutlcss flocks and herds, to say nothing of other and more easily conver tible forms of wealth.. Tlio-third was Joseph Aitwood, quartermaster of the liner "Orient," and the story which tbey Indl- vbluollv anil collectively told- anil attested before tbc Deputy-Judge ran somewhat, as follows:— . ... The "Orient," homeward hound from Mel bourne, Sydney and Brisbane, via . Torres Straits nml -the Suez Canal, having just cleared the Torres Straits, was, In the early down of a certain specllled day, stopped: by a two-masted, double- funnelled yacht curry ing two long heavy, guns, fore and aft; :a Maxim gun at each end of, her bridge,., and n Miixliu-Nordeufclt gun, apparently ii. twelve- pounder, mounted behind. a shield on her. top- galluiit forecastle. The strange uinft i.'liad' come . up out of the distance .".at: a. . :-, ti'oniciidous . speed, a speed -In fact which tleiu- ly proved flint nil efforts lo cs cape from her would bo unavailable. She had run past the - "Orient,'1- circled Mund her sleru, and then come tip close/alongside with- the most perfect ease; nlMiougU the- liner her self was doing from sixteen to seventeen kuots. The captain of the "Orient,!' an Ausi Irallfin born and bred, had - answered the summons to stop by saying that he was carrying her Majesty's mails and could and would stop for nothing less than uti order from one of her Majesty's ships of war. Thereupon the yacht replied with a shot from i.er forward gun across- the liner's hows. Captain Anstey, seeing that ho evi dent,; bad to deal with a vessel sailing un der no recognised flag or duly constituted authority, and knowing better than the cap tain of tlio "Scandinavian," tbat If be bad to deal with j pirate he could expect no mercy for himself or his passengers, replied by putting .Ills helm lmril over and bringing the huge bull, of the liner across the hows of the steamer In n vain attempt to cut her down. The strange craft ilhl her utmost to avoid her, but there was not room. Iler bow crushed Into tbe "Orient's" foreqnnrter, cut ting her to the water line. In tbe midst of the scene ot indescribable confusion which Immediately ensued a torpedo was let go front tlie yacht's main duck through a sally port. Tills struck the liner under the stern and completely wrecked her aftor-end, but, tnauiis to the accident ot her being struck >»' aft, and also to the fact of her water ed bulkheads being perfect, she did uot mult Immediately. lie yacht, which appeared, to be somo- . '"Jwed about the bows, though not ., V,S lullc'1 aB '"'fiht lravo boon expected Iticn,..?1 .\vllU''' Pointed to an unusual dlstnul " ll sheered off, and from a slice 0l' tluvo lu"u,re<1 yards sent gun „! i " fro,u bcr forlvard heavy mid b , ll"Mstorn' of small shells 'mil ami ?!" E 1"ni-'Ulno suns, Into the It wis nnnTr « 'V"8 f th llnIPleSB ""or. "OrlSn." ?? y Intention to sink the bra, ' re ""a tIumi lut "ofore this had una O ce0!u?llsllcd the elements Intervened their ow'i wiy. t,,C Wrk f JD broatbifernierty«0UrS tUoro Ima not en a BI; " l be of the waters. The sim bn.1 I mrulns was cloudless, but the The o.i' liBn ih> 0 <llln' coppery bnze. asserted that the. firing of tlio guns and the exploding of the torpedo liad hastened the coming of the storm which, in his Australian Idiom, he described as "a southerly buster"— In other words, some thing like wliat Is known In the Mediteira- nenn as a white squall, only considerably more violent. .Iii.tlic midst of the tcrrlblo panic on hoard the Uner tho oi.y-smooth water to- the soytb- cnstwiud begnu to danco up into little spirts of .foam, and those were lifted up Into tbe air by .some,. Invisible agency and 'converted' Into' ; ti grey mist which seemed to swiftly rlse'aud sprend tlll It covered the- whole sky. The yacht Instantly ceased her cannonade, swung of to- tlio north-westward and went away at rail: almost Incredible speed /Those on board, the crippled : liner- watched .fli.P, ..-appioach of their new oueniy terror- stilcken and helpless. They saw I he heavens darken above and around, them. / All about tUein tlie smooth water, unruUled hv cveu a brooze, was rising and : falling In: the long lazy.. ocean swell. ,: The ling which liad been' : hoisted In reply to -the first summons of the -yacht was hniiglng from the signal halliards -111., motionless folds; the now useless steam ..was- roaring out/from the pipes, but pre sently this sank to a whisper in comparison \- wltli -tlio voice of the tempest that was sweeping down upon .the helpless craft. ; .They could see the extentof smooth .water;' , to .-the/south-eastward /growing narrower and navrowcr— a wall of mist and foam was riish- ./ Ing down; upon them, drnkenliig sen nud sky ns It cuinoi P'lrsU far aava.v, they heard the hiss .; of . ... wlml over water; then the .lilss rose to a scream; and tlio scream deep ened Into n : roar, -amidst .which : all other /sounds, seemed as -feeble as -a child's cry.-. Thou the ocean heaved up and -the- sky cnino -down, and, In. the; midst of n wild,. .whining, chnos of mist and foam and water, through /which- tlio btorm 1'leuil shrieked anil liowlcil ;lu the glory of his triumph, the crippled liner v nulsheil ..- Hours afterwards, none of- them knew liow long, these three strangely-assorted men Imd - conic /together,- each clinging linlf- drowned to something tlint kept him iidoat on tlio surface of a smooth, placid, sunlit sou. More hours passed, during which they somehow got together and .managed'. to joiu their different bits ot refuge Into something like a raft, and t-lifcu a homeward bound North Gorman. Lloyd boat from Auckland, making her connection at Colombo, witlrtlic main China- lino; hud come along and picked tlicm up, z -.v.- s The Quartermaster had just enough sanity left In lilm to tull bis story, and the German boat, being well Inside her time,' cruised -about /for. a couple, of -hours; finding nothing mere than enouglr of other wreckage to sub stantiate:. the : story .of the. sinking: of the Orient. / : After this, she resumed her pas- /sagc,' nud thus it: came about thnt thc story wns put'.luto legal, form and .'attested' before the Deputy Judge.. /All through the remainder. of. 'that day, and well on Into tho ulglit, the powerful engines of the Syblle . were driving lier;/ damaged .hows Into the; teeth of the storm.- ffor : the time being this wns wll: that: could be1 done.' sin the first place It was known that to. Ice-' wurd ltiy/a vast number of Islands, large. and small, und;to. touch even a little -rock with much - a tempest -as this raging across, the waters and lllnglng them up Into mountains -which seemed to. sweep at headlong speed through the night would simply mean being 'smashed /Into scrap-Iran. Added to- this the. darkness. had that- Im penetrable blackness:- which nlwnys. accom panies the tropical night-storm. During, the duv - It bud hocn 'Impossible to see twenty yards from the slilp, by . reason of tlio Inces sant clouds of: dense foam and drift' which' the fierce wlmV scooped up off the topR of the waves and hurled In blinding storms over the laboring vessel. Hut when night fell It seem ed as though , the Syblle avae no longer on earth or sen. It was as though she liad fallen back Into primeval chaos to await , the mo- meat when the raging elements would en gulf her and absorb her Into .themselves.-. \- It wns soon discovered by. Captain -Frank- laud tlint so terrific was tbe impact of wind and wave that oven tlio incomparable en gines which, under ordinary circumstances, were capable of driving the Sybils at the enormous speed of Lhlrt-y-llvc knots an hour, could now only just keep steorlng-wny on her. He lind also fouud, during such exami nation as It -liiul been possible for him and the chief engineer to make, that, although, thnuks to the vessel's magnificent construc tion, no material damage had been done to the engines, the fearful shock of the colli sion had strained her badly, and It was Im possible to work tliem at the highest pres sure of the hollers. Tbc same was the case with the hull. Iler splendid build and the strength of the double collision bulkhead bad saved her milking any water /aft of It. But bcr bows had been badly twisted and her forward plates so far strained that there were some tons of water In her forward of It; and tills, of course, deprived her of a great deal of her natural buoyancy, and so, Instead of rising to the sens, she put her nose Into tliem and let tlieui sweep her ever 'Jute, and this resulted, not only In the sweeping nw-ay of everything that was not an Integral part of the ship herself, but also meant n very severe strain Aver the whole of her fab ric. In short, had she not been one of the very finest products of modern engineering skill slio could not possibly have ridden out that terrible day and night. Still, slie did It somehow, nml about three hours before sunrise she lmd pushed and worried her way to the outer edge of the cyclone, and In another half-hour she was tumbling about In a light breeze over the long mountainous rollers which were follow ing .in the track of the storm, like wearied giants which had just passed through some Titanic struggle. "All, .well," said Frankland, as he entered the salo-on Just ns the dawn was beginning to break over the desolate, slowly heaving waste of sen, "we're through it at last, but If this hadn't beeu about the finest craft that ever was built, -by the hands of man we -should, have been where tlio Orient, is now. And now, I suppose, \vc had better get some coffee and whatever- we cnu find to eat.",.- ... : The / Interior of the luxuriously fitted saloon- looked-very different now to what it liad -done four-and-tweuty hours before. The electric lights were:.- of- course out, for the dynamos hnd long ceased working, and only n couple -of oihlnihps were swinging wildly from t tlio roof, casting .weird and fitful shadows in all dlrcctious. No one- had. gone to-bed... Ma in'scllc Lena and heri niald.were in- the state-room In n condition of -utter exhaustion and misery, nml the Marquls'nnd Merrivalc, In lint little better -plight, were / lying on cushions on the floor, holding on to ropes which lmd been stretched 'across,- - Jo keep tlicm. from .being 'hurlcdt-from side to side or from oml to. end of- the saloon- as the ship rolled and' pitched. ' \- "Is: It really . nil over?'! groaned the Mar quis in n.tlilU'.wenlf: voice. "I cotild not have, believed -that I- should live through It- W hen shall we get-, into smooth water'? - If this rolling 'and.. pitching lasts much- longer It Avlll.kiH /Uie.'.' c -r > ; „ 'It's pretty-'nenrly done that for me al- ready,'-'. -said :.:Merrlvaln"'irirH??!Bsslflw; of gasps.. "If we are nabJe!;.re He_.Qown(wl'N(- out- -holding soon-lbnlt-slnipiy go Urpleqe I d give a sovorelra for-iqcup.ofjijoirco t'lntt r could drink In ocn'co." <C L Ulj J. 9j) >' "Well," - lauglicdSffrajiklnml, "von jslfall have tlio coffee in n»fe\v uiluutcs-.et'' film rate; but I s afraid weRbhll hnve jgwfut for the peace and comfort. " 'liF'tlie way,. how Is Mn'm'selle?" "In her room," groaned the Marquis again, '.and I suppose as well as can he expected, which I should think would he about three- parts dead. What arc we going to do now? Arc we very badly Injured?" .'So badly," replied the Captain, scramb ling -Into one of the sea-ts at- the table, "so badly, that there a- literally nothing for 'It hut to go somewhere where there's a dock, and get refitted; nnd I suppose the nearest will be Singapore. They've a floating, thing there that will take us, I fancy. Mean while, ns soon as the sea' goes down we'll do what we can ourselves, anil I propose to heave all the guns and ammunition over board to begin with." "What ou earth -for?'.' said the Marquis, In a -tone of displeased astonishment.. "Surely thnt will be a terrible waste ;; of- good m lteilnP" "Can't help - It, sir," - said Frankland. "In the first place we're so badly strained that we can't. carry -theui with safety, mid In the second. place." as we must go Into harbor -we cnu't. go there: as a- harmless, gentlemnus vacht- thnt .tins collided ..with nu unknown steamer:: while we ' have a couple of six- Inch' qulcklircrs/.half !a dozen machine guns nud about 10 tons of ammunition on hoard. No; I'm sorry, but they'll have to go, If we re to got to Slngnporc und keep up our chnrac- tei tbcic." CHAI'TBR XXII:— THE FATE Off TIIE VENDOME -/Rotten; rusty,- overweighted, undcrciiglneil and- uiulormaiined,- with the palut hllstored off her sides and top works, and her funnels mid- two poleinnsts burnt gre.v-wlilte b.v llio lierce snns of: the/Red Sen and the- Indian Ocean, the French convict ship Veudome — once, many years before, a crack liner of the Messagcrlcs Marltiiucs, and sold out at the price of old Iron to the Government for the conveyance of France s liiiuinn refuse to New Cn-lcdonln— was pounding. her way at about nine knots towards the outer edge of the cyclone which had struck the Syblle anil the Orient a -few hours before. Iler crew— officers, sailors, engineers and stokers all told— amounted to lis men. blie had tISO convicts -of both sexes under her upper deck, mostly chnlucd In pairs In wooden cells, nnd over these about fiO marines, with half-n-dozcn officers mounted guard day nnd night, nnd there were also 13 official pas sengers going out, to relieve other ofllclnls or to take up new appointments In.. New Caledonia, and these completed the ship's complement. There had been a time when the Yen- dome's engines and boilers eouid work out Some 2000 horse-power cflicleut; but now tlie boilers were crusted, the furnaces' were fouled, nnd the engines were Inpslng Into decrepitude. And so the horsepower had sunk to under 1500, nnd the speed to- about nine knots. As lias already been said, some strange chance had brought Mark Slandlsb, the son of the American millionaire, nud Hector dc Merdnc, sometime Marquis do Pontnrche nnd lord of wide domains which yielded revenues counted by millions of francs, to gether In a little cabin cell, fettered and chained, nnd with no apparent earthly prospect before them save the horrors of the existence worse than slavery from which, sonic three or four years before, those who hail placed tliem In this terrible posi tion had escaped. And yet despite Its discomforts nud miseries, the scanty food nnd bad water, the swarming vermin nnd the fierce heat which, day after day, liad bonten down upon the 6hip, making the best of her cabins like .ovens, nnd the prisoners cells four square Infernos, the voyage -had so far been by no means .uninteresting to cither of tliem. ' After ninny vain appeals and equally vain throats, Stnudlsh lmd, by some mysterious menus, been denied any communication clfhcr with his CousiH n't Toulon or with Washington direct. Ills trial and couVlctlon had been rushed through; oven Ills advocate lind disappeared on the second day of "his Itlal, whliili was conducted within tlie walls of _ tlio prison.'- In short, whatever power had. been at work behind the scenes, tlilnes liad been arranged so thnt-froni fhe inomcut of Ills nrrob-t in tlie room of . the hotel for the .-murder ot Lieutenant Sstormont lie liad disappeared from tlio view of the outside norhl From Hie prison colls ho ' had boon taken down, to the Sldp, nnd there, after the. un speakable miseries of the first night at son, lie hail awakened to find himself clinlneil by the wrist— not certainly to Victor Merrl- vnlo, for that was impossible— but. to a man who would have been his living image but for sonic terrible process that lie liad pass-, cil/ tlirmigli,: a process of whoso nature - he gradually hecamo aware as tlniewent on. At first: his . companion was little bettor than an Imbecile. Ills waking hours passed In a dull stupor, but/in liis sleep .something like reason seemed to return to him, nml ho shouted; names and described Incidents 111 a queer,- pitiful, broken narrative which Stnud lsh listened to, with desperate Interest. No nvore soroly puzzled sunn ever sullcd- tlio sens thnn.'ho was during the first few days and nights of his captivity. According to all/l'lic laws of reasonable evi dence this pitiful Idiot , to whom -lie -was chained must, if ho. only had Ills reason; : he able to furnlsh tJie clue which, a few days Ajjefore, ho liad said Uo'would spend minions lo find. : Dc Merilnc s ravings completely jionrlnced lilm of that, nnd yet 'what, after 'all what were thoy worth? When lie lind arrived at Nice ho .would'.- willingly have; written a cheque, for -half a million dollars to know tliere and tlieu what he now -.oaint from Ills fellow capt-lvc's ravings. Then -the /knowledge would -have been worth anything; now It was worth something less than . troth-; ing. Hour after hour he grl-tited his teeth. and clenched his hands, anil - cursed the miser able turn of fortune wlilcli lind thus- brought 'Mm- Into -contact with, the one lnivn In all tlio- world;: whom lie most "wanted -tot meet,' J list too late for the meeting to save a catas trophe which, now seemed' Inevitable. Hohr after hour lie had thought -the puzzlo out, and soon -lie saw. clearly, If .hopelessly,, through the. tangled plot which had . been' woven iby> unseen hniuls, -not only about his own feet,; hut about those of the. girl whose hupplncss wns inflnttely dearer to him than his own life, or freedom. \- In his own mind hc.hnd not the slightest .doubt but that this fellow felon of ills was tho real Hector de Merdne, Marqirls de Pon tnrche: -But with tills knowledge came the agonising -.certainty Hint Victor Merrivale, Ills, twin brother and physical - other, self, would now, unices sonic miracle were Inter posed to turn -the, course of events, go hack to .Franco,: usurp bis title and Ills estates ami fortune,, and- then: go back to London/ nml lay all these stolon -honors and rlclies at tlie feet of the girl , who bad already promised to accept him and thorn. .Would that -miracle happen? Who cotild expect It?: What power was there on earth -that could save Violet Seymour - from : the unspeakable - fate - that was now Ubrentoniiig Jior; -marriage with' a forger, a thief and. 1111 assassin, an - escaped convict, a wretch sullied by ever- concelv- / able -.impurity .-thnt It could - take from such a life nsiils had hoon? ., . It really, seemed ns though some : potent and mysterious fate had been/.- working against: him from the outset.. -Wltb appar-' . en tly every resource -at Ills- eomuinnU, every means -that could command success, lie lmd begun ids self- imposed, mission for the .res cue of- Violet from tlio .fate which- he had tJieu . firmly, - If not - very - rationally, believed was threatening her. , And. what had it all como to? . By some mysterious means n perfectly -Innocent -man linil /been 'murderously - done .to - death; ' lie hi-niBclf had been accused of the crlme; his name -hail been prnctlcnlly obliteratcd- from among -.those of living incu: and -hero lie was, a .felon chained to another felon,. Innocent ns -himself, who hold the cluo to at least the greater -part of the mystery, and who," like' lfluiself, was -travelling In n French convict slitp to a hell on canth from whose tortiirc3 neither of them -might ever be released. As -he often thought nftoiwards, only a strong mind supported by a good physique kept him from going mad during tho first few days of that agonlalng voyage. Then, little by little, in spite of nil the drawbneks of bad food, bad drink, dirt and disease and confinement, bis companion's reason slowly struggled back to self-consciousness. They were eleven dnys out from Toulon then, and liad just cleared the Straits of ilab- cl-Mnnileb, and were feeling the long, slow swell of the Indian Ocean. They had been brought down from their forty-live minutes' exercise ou deck, and the breathing of tho fresh nil' seemed to have completed the cure, since for the first time his companion looked him straight in the eyes and said, first In French and then In English; "Who are you? What are you doing here— and why am I here? You're English, aren't you? Yen must he." "Not quite," replied Stnndlsh, "but you've got pretty near to It. I guess I should he English If I wasn't American." "Ah, yes, American! I have -been through America. I went from New York to Albany and to the Niagara Falls, nnd then I went ronnd the Lakes, and from Dnluth back to Chicago, and then across the continent. I saw the Yellowstone I'ark and went on up to Salt Lake, nnd from there to San -Fran cisco, nnd thou to Honolulu, and from Honor lulu to— let tno see, where was.lt? Oh, yes, Yokohama, nnd then down through the I n- . laud Sea to Sliamrhal and Ilong Kong, and.':';-: from -there to Singapore and Colombo,', and -c then to— to where was It?" , All this had been said in the voice of a man waking up from a long dream, the. ..' dream of a drugged > slumber; hut-It was- : enough to give Staudisli tlio cluo which had-, v so far. been, missing. - .» "When you .loft Colombo," he; said, - nS/i' quietly nml unconcernedly ns he conld, ."you ' ra shipped In . one of tho T'. nnd-O. boats for Sy dney, perhaps, didn't von? Australia, -I ra mean? And. then perhaps you- went on to '- 'Melbourne, and from Melbourne yon took a Eucknnll line boat to - Capetown. In short; - . my friend; ;.von are; Hector dc Merilnc— ibis, leal Marqnls dc. I'onta relic, who came, homo from Capetown In the Scandinavian, - and : tho. Scandinavian was suuk by- — '.' -) .'Moii Darn! -Wiio are von that yon should know all ilils?;.'. whispered the Frenchman, ; getting -.off- his wooden pallet and -approach- ; lug the. one oil. which Standlsh- wns lvlug. '-AVho. nre .von? IIow do vou- come to know- -/ -all this? /.. IIow do. you kuow: iny . name— my- / v real one? IIow (lo .von know Hint I am lice- / tor dc Merdac, Jlnrquis (le Pontarclio!" : ."J list- because: I have, the worst of reasons for- knowing -that twin lirotlier of yours ; who used to call himself Victor Merrivalc-/ — \- "Ah, yes, iny . Eiiglish. iuothcr.s name. - It Is he!'! exclaimed De Merilnc, with n -clumsy ; v. " movement of- his shackled hands. "Well, nil it then ' \- I'Just te.l me, It you can remember, !',:sa Id / Stnndlsh, -' how it . wns the.; Seaudlnavlau wont down, - and / what -, happened after- w-trds " 'Ah," sniil De Merdne, "that Is - a gi-eat deal to reineinher. You liavo no notion hpw liorrlb.o it all was " .-,'T.ean glve.'a pretty good guess. at that,!'./ said- Stamlish, "con-sldorhig - you - were . the oul.v one saved, as tlier .say, from the wreck, - but lt.nilght be as well If you could tell me Wli it igilli did Nippon " " "AVreck?. Wreck? No, It wns uo wreck, . . my. friend ./American — whom I. have: never " known before, now. No. lt was 110 wreck. - It- was piracy — plunder— murder— mtirderaof the most tiWfuI sort. Yes, was I not there on -board -her?.. - Was I -not— not— wliat wus " I? /How -did I coiuo lucre? - And what < arc yon' ' And then the -drugged and tortured man lapsed back again Into -Ills Imbecility, leaving.- ;; Smndlsh more tormented than ever, and still - more determined,:'- Whatever' .'-.happened, :"to " fat-liom the mystery: thnt. surrounded himself uml his fellow prisoner. ' / ;: ; / .. : . -More days: passed. and still De Mcrdac's / mhid dld not. emerge from- the mental' cloud which - had obscured lit just . when Stnndlsh ' was .expootJiigiihe/ inost. .important revela- " tlon, aud so it went oa. hour nfter liour anil; - day after -day, , Stondlsh- always trying, to aivakor Ms companion s reason so that Uic y- chaln of events mlgltt- he. completed: '. But " all lo no avail. .. Sometimes. u g.cuiu>of sense - slione out. but only to ho obscured In the nlglrt which had: begun when Gnrderou coin.-: uicnced what lie- had called his t'uiental "dls-v clplluc".on board tlio Syblle. : -.And then cainc tbc catastrophe wblcii, tor-'" - rib.e and all as It wa, Hark Standlsli ever afterwards confessed to be the crowning - moic) of his life One day — it was the same day on which the Syblle sighted fhu 'Orion t-Stnndlsh was . > - I ring; on his unrrow bed; - trying hard to for- - a get his present miseries In sleep; when some- "/ thing struck, the ship as a - battering ram ' might si like a door. , ' ..'-'(ircat Cujsar's- ghost! If. that's not a- ' cyclone,: It s like one. . Bounds like Kansas. -: - Here, we've got to get out of this some- / . how. - 1 may., be a convict , by mistake, but I'm not going to lie Jerked Into eternity, like t bis without a struggle." Here; Dc Merdne, . wake ttp. As for this door, I guests I can fix tlmt. : Just give mo. your olialn. That's It. Stand up, now; close to me. Now then, 'sivlug. 'Phat's It. Bring 'oui round. Now then, go!" -. The chaliiH smashed clean through the pnncl of tho door. . ; '.'Now tve ve got n hold. Got your hands on there and pnll. ' No,' wait till she rolls aud we' 11 have. ii;. hotter purcliuse. Now tlion, wait— steady— pull and put evoiy pound you've got on to It. ...There she goes! Out . .. you come!. Oh, you would, would you, Sciior? - AVe're not going to drown tu u cofilu slilp' ; like this If .we can help It." , ' .A ; As- lie Bald this Staudlsh's fist went straight out In spite of tlib. sluieklcs. iiiid : J caught n scared' scntiy niider /the 'point of . tho jaw. ' The man went over ilke'a lilncplu, nnd Stnudlsh, -dragging de Merdac after. bliu, . knelt on his blicst. "Tell bint to give you tlie keys of the hand cuffs, or I'll choke him, nud mighty quick, too." The shock had roused dc Merilnc Into ra tional consciousness ngniu, and ho repeated the words ill French. "Let mo get up," gasped the sentry.. "Mon Dicu, we are all lost— what does it matter? You wnnt no keys. The point of the bayo net will do It. Let me go, sou of a pig that I was to come here!" Standlsh whipped the bayonet off tbe top of bis rifle, pltehed tbc rifle over the other side of tlie dock, and said: "Now, my frlcud, lie still or I'll make you lie so tbat you'll never get up. De Merdac, unlock these tblngH, nnd hurry up, because the wuy this blizzard's blowing over us doesn't promise much for safety, even with free men, to sny nothing of chained ones." De Merdnc obeyed mechanically but intel ligently, and In a few moments they were both free men. Stnndlsh' s prompt action had come none too soon. The cyclone was howling and screaming over the ship and through tlie rigging. An attempt hnd been made to turn the Vendome's head to the wind, but tho de bilitated engines were not equal to the task. The helm was screwed over, and she came up, staggered in the teeth of of the tempes't, aud then yawed off. After that there was nothing for It hut to let her drive, and drive she did. Hour after hour, through the black, storm- swept night; away, she went, hogging and sagging to windward and leeward. Inside the first three hours all discipline vanished. It was obvious that the ship, as ship, could not possibly weather the storm if it lasted lunch longer, and so the captain, after the storm had swept for a couple uf hours- over his decks, and knowing that his engines were utterly impotent to fight with the storm, gave orders that all the. prisoners should be released. The Idol of his life had been Napoleon the Great, and -in tlie last few moments of his ' own life he gave the same order tha't Na poleon had given by the farm house of La Belle Alliance, "S'auve qui pcut." Sthndlsh, dragging dn Merdnc after him, came on the upper deck just ns the word was passed. "A little Waterloo," he yelled. "Save yourselves again, eh? Now then, buck up, do Merdnc. We're the first free ones. Every- body for himself now. Come along." The old Royalist blood flamed up in dc : Merduc's brain, and for the time he was a man and a hero again, ns Ms ancestors had been before him, and from far away beyond \- tliem again came the old savage instinct of solf-preservhtlon. Tho Vendome was lying scuppers under In the long, rolling waves, with the pitiless tempest shrieking and screaming over her. Fierce blasts of salt foam swept incessantly across her, and lior slanting decks wore ra- pidly 1 Mi-coming a scene of night shrouded pandemonium. "I guess It's everybody for blinself now," said Stnndlsh. "Now, then, young fellow, just let mo have that pepper box and that belt of cartridges." The man resisted, and so he broke his neck, putting one hand behind Ms neck and Ills right fliand umler his jaw, and pushing hard. The man dropped dead. De Merdac took another sentry in his own way. A sclen-tlfle kick laid him prostrate, another one under the ear killed him, and tho two released prisoners were armed almost at the same moment. Meanwhile panic rnged from end to end of the ship. "Guess we can't have any .trouble of -this sort," said Standisli, pulling out the revolver that Hie had taken from his own prisoner. . "This old kettle tan't going to last ten min utes." Then lie lapsed Into very had French again, wlileli de Merdnc, who felt himself a man again as soon as he was armed, In- \- stantly translated Into understandable speedli. "Stand by there. Get to tlie boats. Oast -them -loose on tlie lee side. Can't get them down on 'the weather. Don't play the fool . now. There isn't time for It." When -he hml got thus far -the captain of the ship, with his first officer and the com mander of the marine troops on board, came and tried to ask Mm what be was doing. "O'li, you go to Hallelujah, If you can get there. My friend and I are In charge of tills ship just now." -he Shouted through iho scream of the storm, "anil If you don't 'like It you can have sonic of this." And then he put up the muzzle of the army \- revolver close under the captain's nose. The captain, ns lie should not . have done, staggered hack, and then Staiidlsh with his left hand eauglit him under the corner of the jaw and knocked him half way across the sloping deck. "Now then, gentlemen," lie said to tho rest, "matters are pressing. Here, "do Mer dnc, just translate this for me, will you? My French desn't seem good enough In a storm.- All boats out to leeward. Women first, and any children there may lib, con victs or not. .Out they go before a man leaves the ship, or by George, I'll shoot the first man that goes. Come along now, hurry out with those boats! Get a wriggle on you. .We're all the same now — bond or free, I , guess we're all men .In a tight fix like tills. Great Scott! 'Well,. you are n lot! Convict ship I W-liy, you're not fit to run an oyster dredger. There she goes. Come on. do Mer dnc, out you go. We'd better swim for It than drown with a lot like this!" As he spoke a sort -of dull, grinding shud der ran through the ship. Her screw lashed Into -the water, and the storm swept over t-liein, hs It seemed, with tenfold violence. Then panic relgueil supreme from end to end of her. The grinding ended in a dull, dead crash, the engines stopped, the ship heeled over,, the race before the storm ennno to a ' sudden end, Mio angry waters curled up, wave after wave like savage liensts closing mi their prey, tons and tons of solid green water rose up In mountains on one side, and crashed down In cataracts over the other sweeping everything that was move able off the decks and overwhelming ovcry- . thing, living or dead that was not move able. And so the last voyage of the con vict ship Vendome cnine to nu end. To he Continued.) 