ITEMS OF NEWS- FOURTH TAUE.—Our fourth page contains an article from the pen of .a special reporter of this journal, who recently visited Mount •] ukc- His description of Uie operations there will be of great interest to mining men. A 1'AINI'UI, ACCIDENT. — Yesterday a new rope was being placed in position at the haulage line on the Smelter side, aud was drawn nejirly to the top when by some means it slipped from the shackling. Springing back, as a newly uucoilcd rope will, it caught Sir E. Keen, jeweller, of Gormauston. who was at the foot of the haulage, and crushed him badly. He was nil bruises nnd contusions after the accident, from head to foot, ami is suffering a good deal from the effects. LYELI, MINSTKEI. CLUB.—It is notified that the Lvcll Minstrel Club, whose ]>erforuinnccs at Gorniatislou have been so successful and sn much npprcciatcd, will hold a plain and fcuiev dress " bread and butter hall." in aid of the funds of the club, on the evening of,the 2(itb inst. (next Thursday). The ball will he held in the local A.M.A. Hall, nnd tickets, price fis, may l>e obtained from Miss Mylan, of Queenstown. By the way, when does the Lyell Club intend giving Queenstown a treat.' FORECAST.—'The following is Mr Wr&ggc;'s weather forecast for the next 24 hours, wired from Brisbane :—" Cloudy lo Tain, with S.W. to S.S.W. winds, changing to Southerly. Moderate to rather rough sea around the wast of Tasmania generally. "Weather soon improving," SACKED CONCERT.—One o£ the most successful sacred concerts ever held at Gormanston was given in the A.M.A. Hall on Sunday labt by the members of the Lyell Minstrel Club, assisted by several friends. The hall was well filled aud everyone went away greatly pleased. -Tlie following programme was carried out:—" Old folks at Home," Company; ill lies made himself yeY||01d taorenin^witnpvuaoay, : ij4nd futurelMore%er|n auiSfflSircles: Ojlr Mai' Hollow was heard to ' great advantage withhis 80ngB, . n^Slsic of the Glen,'" and Don't Tell MoUicr" ; Mt E. Holiow s&ng;, " Bown on the Farm." Miiss Stella Iles acted aa accoinpanist throughoul thc cp.ncerl. in a .most efticipnt knff. The'success' of (he entertainment was^nainly due" J|nlier |q,deavor8. Mr iL A. Bensley anno'un^d (iuviilg ibe interval iliat jiext Sunday tlie.club would give a benefit conceliin nid of Mr lTletaher, >vlio was seriously injured atAc Jiqulii mine.'?? V" GOI^moton ;TOW^OABD.-^bjanneclion with the election «£ members (or the piewly proclaimed jl'own^ Board at Gorraaiiston, it has been decided to hold a public meeting in the local A.M. A. Hall to giye'intending candidates a chance of airing their views. The meeting will take place on-the 1st pros., and the election on the 4th. HOUSE SAI.E.—It is seldom that a sale of draught stock Is held in .QueonBtown, and therefore there wasalarge ntUMidaTice utMr J. A. White's auction yesterday; when ije submitted a couple of medium draughts from the North-West Coast. One of them, a staunch-looking well-built mare, was knocked down to Mr W. J. Andrews, the well-known contractor, for~£3!>. The other was withdrawn. A saddle nod spring cart horse brought £14. PIGEON SHOOTING.—A pigeon shooting contest is arranged to take place at Gormnnston one day next week, several gentlemen fond of tin; sport having decided to indulge in their favorite pastime. Arrangements have been made for a supply of birds, and it is hoped tlmt this, the initial match, will be the first of a series. A.M.A. EJECTION, ZEEUAV.^-THE principle offices to be filled at. the coming A.M.A. election which is to held here and at Gormanston on the 2fit.li, 27U), nnd 28th insts., is that of the Secretaryship, for which Jiye nominations have been l-eccivcd at Zecliau, viz.. Messrs W. Harris, J. C. Whitclaw. O. Mntthews. K. I'ecrs, and H..Ogdcii.' The contest it is generally thought, will be between Messrs 'Whitclaw and Harris, but the one who heads the pole must secure an absolute majority, or two-thirds of the voles, so that there is pretty sure to he a general election, ill' Whitclaw lias filled the position of secretary nt ZceliHii for-soinc years and Mr Harris is well kuowu in connection with the posil ion of secretary to the SCechan Hospital, and will lie remembered by a good many residents here ns having occupicd a similar position in connection with the Warnlah Hospital. Messrs Matthews. Peel's, and Ogden are all well known in Zeehan. The other principal office to lie filled is that, of President, for which Messrs .1. Enrlc, Morris Ewans. and Tlios. Parker are standing. A lot of interest in the election is being tal at Zeehan, which is the West Coast headquarters of the Association. NEXT ELECTION.—One must go from home to hear news. Thus theCI'ijijut:—" Although the Coasters arc not anxious to strip their candidates for the new Queenslown seat, there is every probability of a lively go. The big 'iron blow' Co. is very jealous of it thriving pup, the North .Ml Lyell, ami both interests are almost certain to run candidates. Also, the miners nrc hardly likely to let slip the opportunity of placing a Labor candidate in the lield, with every probability of winning the triangular duel." One thing is certain : any gentleman seeking votes in the Queenstown nnd-Lycll district will not. have a ghost of a chance unless he knows something about mining, and is prepared to pay some atteu tion to his constituency after election. THIS WILL DO KOK A IJUI.I/ DAV.—My Lord of Manhattan's wonderful snake story is revived. It will bear repetition. The Bishop found an invalid rattlesnake, took it home, and nursed it to recovery. The &nake; gratefully acknowledged tlie indebtedness. One night the Bishop was awakened by a great noise, jumped up, and found lliat the snake had seized a burglar by the leg and was frantically sounding his rattle at the open window to attract the attention of the police. A TERRIBLE DUOUGHT.—Terrible details come to hand by mail of the drought in the north-western part of New South Wales. 11 is now eleven months since there was a good fall of rain nt Wnlgett. 470 miles N.W. of Sydney. The rivers nrc merely water-holes, lined with- carcascs of sheep, kangaroos, emus and other animals. No other water is available. Horse feed is at fabulous prices. There appears not the ilightcst prospect of rain, the sky remains without a single cloud. SrAiN's MOURNING STAMP.—"Spain, as a result of the recent engagement with America, and the crushing defeat administered to her forces, has issued a stamp of mourning. This stamp, which is of the value of 5 cent6, and is intended as a tax to help in paying off the -var debt, must be affixed,'' remarks a contemporary, "to all mail matter in addition to the regular |K)slagcstamps. It is printed in solemn black, aud liears the sinister inscription, 'Implode Gurra, I8U8- 9!).' It is a public admission by the Spanish Government of licr impoverished treasury, and an advertisement of it to the world. As a means of raising revenue, it is doubtful if this experiment will meet with any success, for, during the earlier course of the war, four distinct stamps weic issued by the Madrid Government with the same object iu view, but the only effect has been that the number of letters posted at the Madrid office lias dccreascd by one-third since the reccnl taxes were levied." Mr John Allen, proprietor of the Federation Hotel, (iormatislon, calls for tenders for 2(H) ions of firewood, tift lengths. Tenders close on the 31st iust. Mr It. Walker, of the Federal Bakery, Gormanston. desires to notify that he is prepared to deliver tlie best bread to all parts of the district. Brown bread aud small good& a speciality. Mr E. Keen wishes to notify the residents of Gormanston and North Lyell districts that he bas removed to those commodious premises adjoiuing Moroney's Gormanston Hotel, and has n large slook of jewellery to select from. • Probably theanost expensive dinner service iii the world is the Sevres set at Windsor Castle. His said to be worth £30,000. This sum appears a fabulous one at first sight, but if wc consider that at the 3ernal and other similar sales sums amounting to thousands were paid for a pair of pieces of Sevres ware, it i6 not so marvellous after Jill. 