MAKING SPIRITS BY X RAYS. SPOOKS— NOT THE OTHER SORT OF , SPIRITS. A new and decidedly ingenious application of the famous discovery' of Professor Ront- gen— the "!X rays— ifas" been devised by a Frenchman "with thoughts directed to " the spirit world. So far, these almost magic rays have been used almost exclusively in medicine and sur- jvj j uut st 1111 xiic lucvii&iiic; Utilisation ox every scientific discovery for the purposes of fraud, it Is hot a pessimistic vietv to ex pect that. before long the idea will be an nounced by- those unscrupulous individuals 3vho prey upon the credulity of the tveak- tuinded, but with no special power,' and en deavor to impress them .33-Ith the fact that they can not only "call spirits from the vasty deep," but make theiu.c'ome. At this Parisian spiritualistic seance all the regular manifestations of the more or thodox and avo3ved methods of spirit in tercourse were observed. "As soou as the guests had arrived, the lights were, turned out, aud the room presented the regular ap pearance of such occasions, tlie only notice able feature being a large, number of vases, and blts'of artistic glass; In' the' corner, howev'er, there was an apparatus about as large as a magic lantern, which was covered over vvith a black cloth. As soon as the room was dark, a hand of gigantic, proportions and phosphorescent color passed over the heads of the company. Naturally it produced some consternation, but the demonstrator of this modern miracle reassured his guests iu a manner directly opposed to the ordinary spiritualistic me dium by the statement that it was only the hand of a ghost, and that no "spirits was about." = . , Immediately a number of luminous violins —for musical instruments seem inseparable from spiritualistic sennces — made their ap pearance, and flew about in all directions. As soon as they disappeared a globe de scended from the ceiling like a. huge ball of phosphorus, and swayed silently from side to side like the pendulum of a clock. ' Then a luminous bell appeared In front of the globe, and bowed regularly to it. Im mediately all the glass vvlilch bad beeh.no- -ticed seemed to be alive vvith flame, and the nrtlstlc.glassware and cups on the tables be. eamemuasses of light. Indeed,- the 33-hole room, which .a moment before had been dark, was ablaze on all sides 3vitli the soft, bluish, mysterious phos phorescent glow which ls so uncanny when- spirits are about. The mysteries did not end here, for gradu ally a human form appeared. At first it vvas vague and vaporous in its outlines; but it gradually became firmer and more marked, until the form of a tall woman 33as manifest In the darkness. Her face 3vas greenish In hue,' and It became horrible by reason of the fact that vvhere the ghost eyes should have gleamed there were only two black sightless holes. Her very hair seemed made of phos phorescent fire, and iu the long robes in which the figure was enveloped, sparks, which shone like diamonds, gleamed, nnd glistened. Presently the figure raised its right arm, and from her hand threw flames about. The siioneo was broken by the beating of a gong, and at the souud, which was Indeed the signal for the turning up of the lights and for the spirit to retire to another world —probably its dresstngroom — the seance closed. ...How was it done? It is a well-known fact thnt the Rontgen rays make fluorescent substnnces shine with a. phosphorescent glow, especially anything covered with cyanide of platinum. It is also well known that, according to the researches of a well-known maker , of scientific apparatus, articles made of glass and crystal shine with remarkable brilliancy uuder the influence of the X rays, while everything else remains dark. The same phosphorescent effect Is obtained by the. X rays with diamonds, porcelain, &c.; By covering the machine producing the rays with black cloth, nobody sees It, and there fore nobody suspects its presence; but the magic rays pass through tho cloth, and light up the. glass vessels and nothing else; there fore a glass held in tlie linnd nnd moved up and down, or from side to side, can be dis-' tlnctly seen while tlie band remains invisi ble. The explanation of these tricks, with this knowledge, is now simple. The violins were mnde of glass, nnd so were the hand and hell. They therefore became visible In the X rays, while the assistants who moved tliem about remained as invisible as if they had been indeed spirits from another world. The ghostly woman was a most material lady of flesh and blood. She' was eoneenled behind some drapery, nnd was enveloped in a veil, which was covered with a fluorescent substance, vvhile her face and hair were also covered with this material. When the X rays were turned on her, tbey pierced tlie draperies, nnd lighted her up in the strange manner in which she appeared to the eves of the startled guests. As It was Impossible to coat her eyes as her face and licr dress had been, they did not show up. but appeared merely as two great holes, and her awful ap pearance was thus obtained by the simplest nud most absurdly easy method, — "Pearson's Weekly." ( 