ITEMS OF INTEREST STREET NAMES.--Nobocly tflio hng ever taken his walks abroad in any great town can have failed to notice the historicalsigniticance of street names. Often enough it is pos sible by a slight study of them to date ap proximately the neighborhood in which we iilay be strolling. They vividly record the events, the etcitemcjits; the enthiisiams of past days. Every gr&'ftt tffCr afidt every great person contribute to this branch' of nomen clature. Soon we shall hear of ai. Omdur liiart' Torrace,^ and a Kitchener road, and a Kh a r t o inn - s i {ti r-T °, And such names survive long after the fame of tlie" exploit or the hero has become dim, as sometimes happii;:':?. For frequently the importance both of-things^nd of men is exaggerated by contemporaries,'yivfk the coming'ago is wholly irfdille'rent to the' idols of tho. departing ; and \ yBt later iigeik' wonder what it was about wh'icif/sucfea-f-.fuss was oilce m&tlej; or who was 'the great''"-rjwri whoso re'pittatioii seettied once'-ltrmly estirli;,' lished. . i How A Liox CIIAROES.-Its tail rapitUy twists from side to aide, the bottom slightly raising ; and, the black tassel at the end beating the air, it lowers its head more than Usual anil growls, at intervals showing its teeth. Then its voice becomes louder, it roars, shows its teeth, and lowers its ears, the movements of the tail increasing all the time. At the time of charging, that is, at the height of its anger, the tail rises in the air until it is almost vertical, the black tassel continues to move, the ears are flattened completely, and the animal comes towards you at a slow trot, then at a gallop, and finally springs forward with open' itlorith and extended claws. Sometimes it shows thesis various symptoms without charging, re strained by prudence ; but it never charges without showing them. AVhen the tail rises the hunter can bring his rifle to the shoulder and await his opportunity. In hunting, a .man who is on his guard is worth four. A charge is extremely dangerous, almost always fatally when unexpected, either because of the dense vegetation or other causes ; but if you see the animal getting ready, flight is useless. Stand your ground; the only thing to do is to keep cool and trust to yonr weapon. If you have no confidence in your self, it is prudent to avoid measuring your strength against these animals. WHAT TO EAT AND WHEN TO EAT.-Break fast should be- nourishing, but not heavy. The luncheon of biviiii tvorkets should be very light. A heavy meal c'aiisefl fhe blob'd to'be witfiaraw,; from Other parts of the body to the stomach, there to do tlie work of digestion. If the brain also make a demand upon the blood supply, neither brain nor stomach is properly provided for, and the v prk of both is most unsatisfactorily aocom plisbedi ifofettrfs say that apples act directly upon the liver, thus sireiigtrifciiirig the diges tion,, and, as . a consequence; improving tlie texture of .the skin and the tints of the com plexion. Raw apples .are the best, but baked ones may be substituted as & change if fresh fruit should bo found unpalatable or difficult of digestion. The old rule that fruit in the morning is-gold, in the afternoon is silver, md in the evening is lead, is exploded. Many people find that a light meal of light fruit disectiy before going to bed induces comfort able and sour|d. ,s!ecp. Everyone should make it a practice 18 etifc pin orange or an apple every day. A.raw onion is said tdiiaVe the same beneficial effect upon the health. Prunes are excellent when apples and oranges are unobtainable. Doris THE Angm-SAXOS TALK TOO MUCH 1 -Gnvlyle thinks. Anglo-Saxons talk too much. He belittles gpefe'iiij exalts books, and unveils ideas as the giant forces. Yet no great reform was ever ushered in through an idea bound up in calfskin and placed upon a library shelf. It was an idea flaming in the liery speech of Bernard that kindled ardor in the Crusaders. When the old hero stood forth before the host it was as if the skins;, lori<*. silent, had at last, broken into fioeecli. Tlie Reformation, iiisb i'epresentB not simply the lightning of ImtKiit'ri thought, but the thunder of Luther's throat. The orations of Clay and WebsLer lent position to these statesmen, just as,Lincoln's speeches made him President. The great abolition nidvement progressed but slewly so long as its sote instrument was Garrison's printing press. It was the eloquent voice of Wendell Fhil'ips that made the idea of freedom invin cible. Among the evil uses of tho tongue let iis mention excess and exaggeration. Through its euiphasis of the superlative our age is in danger of losing all power to tell the truth; The modern Oollegiari has reached such a state of culture that the positive and com parative decrees are unknown. It is no Iwiigcv poasiUt) for the schoolgirl to fi.-.d either an adjective or an adverb to express her ecatacy of feeling. Abstinence and sobriety of speech are rapidly passing away. A DOG STOIIY. -Dogs possess the faculty of finding their way in places absolutely new to them. A St. Bernard) which belonged to the proprietor of a hotel at Metitone, gave an instance of this quegl1 "gift of locality." A gentleman, who wintered in the hotel, had taken 'he dog for many walks, and wished to 1.1,3 Ui.i. v !.. . 11 going away. The owner re fused to seii, hut he said, as the hot season in the south would bo bad for his beloved dog, he would lend him to the guest for the summer, on condition that he promised to bring hone "Bernard " in autumn from the mountains. The gueat agreed. Alas! it was impossible to make the compact clear to the affectionate bfeast. His winter's friend carried him off by train to Switzerland, «. here, to that gentleman's unspeakable re gret, the dog disappeared. All search proved fruitless ; and the bad news was sent to the owner. A sorrowful month elapsed for both men ; when one day Bernard,- thin, ragged of coat, and wayworn, crawled to his master's feet in the hotel at Mentone ; wagged his tail feebly, licked his loving owner's hands, and died. The faithful dog had found his way across the Alps ; but the toil and priva tions had cost him bis life. READING IN BED.-lloading in bed used to bo objected to in the old days on the score of danger, iind one of the first injunctions of A hostess to her guest was in reference to that prevalent but disquieting practice. But in those days, when electric light has removed the risk of fire, the question is one solely of its benefit or harm to the prospective sleeper. "The Medical Press and Circular ' is of opinion that a short course of some standard author may act as a composing sedative, but books which cortain extremes of wit, melodrama, comedy, tragedy, or philosophy should be avoided. Like a good supper, the reading should be neither t^o heavy nor ton stimulating. On the other hand, most physicians are of opinion that bed should be kept as much as possible for sleep. A habit of reading before putting out the light and closing one's eyes is apt to grow and become a tyranny, and, like drugs, the more you indulge in it the longer has the reading to be to have the de sired effect. It* must be admitted, however, that the habit, to all but those fortunate beings who are asleep the moment their heads touch the,pillow, is very seductive, and that a good many people's most serious reading is done at that time. TUB MARVELLOUS CIRCULATION- OF SPUR OKON'S SERMONS-Something like 100,000,000 of Spurgeon's sermons have been sold at a penny, and quite double that number have been circulated in newspapers and other ways. It may seem incredible, but I believe it is true, that the number of Mr. Spurgeoii's sermons sold since 1855 exceeds the number of Bibles circulated since the beginning of the century. When it is borne in mind that the British andForeignBibleSueiety print five tons of Bibles every day, it will be understood what this moans. Assuming that Mr. Spur ueon preached 10,000 sermons to an average audience of S000, he would have preached to HO,000,000 people ; as a matter of fact, the '2000 printed sermons were preached to about '20,000,000. But assuming that each printed sermon had been read by two persons much below the mark-he has reached h> this way 000,000,000 people ! If all tin sermons were the same si/.e as the penny editions, they would cover an irea on which every man, woman, and child on the globe, excluding the Chinese, could stand with ease. The v con id make a paj icr pathway round the world Oft. wide, and the paper on which they are printed would turn the scale at ! '>300 tons. CONVEUTIXI! TIII-: Poi'i:.- Mrs. Catherine Parr Traill, whose death in Canada -was announced recently, was a sister of Agnes Strickland. It is now nearly 70 years since she married and went to the Seiv World. In "The Life of Agnes Strickland," by another sister, Jane Marg iret, there is an edd story of Mrs. Traill's sister-in-law, who from an austere Presbyterian had become an equally rigid Roman Catholic, [and wo,seven tually prioress of St. Margaret's Conveftv Edinburgh. This lady is probably the only ,pers"n who ever seriously sot out to convert the Pope to Presbyterianism. Miss Traill, being "deeply versed in controversial divinity,'' imagined she could not only con fute the Pope-it was Pius IX.-by her convincing arguments, hut *;onId convcrt hini co her own tenets. She actually went to Rome for the purpose ; but Pio None', who Wtis instructed as to what was in store fot' him, declined tho audience for. which she asked,- on the ground that ecclesiastical 6l:q!u"6ttfi did not permit him to grant private interviews Indies. But the Popes keen sense of humor the' b'etteT of him to some extent, and he deputed a Scottish Jn-iest to hold tho disputation. When Miss Traill endeavored to show that Pome was the City^ kpf the Seven Hills of Revolution, this i.stute dialectician proved tfcrit it was Edinburgh, «h(\tliat not the Pope, bnfc John Knox, was thO \Man of Sin. The result was that the liVl-V ^became a Roman Cuthoiic in a fori' M v JPHE BAOHtiLOHs ,U>D MAIDS IN THE UNITED :-STATE£-Itspmstfs that people general-j are i Greatly mistaken in their notion that thure w : an enormotfc snfplDSof unmarried women in ! the United States. The truth is that no such i excess of spinsters exists in fact, is is the other way, the bachelors outnumbering tho maidens At the present moment there are in the United States 2,200,000 more un attached males than females Similarly situated, the exact figures being 5,427, / 67 bachelors against 3,324,594 spinsters of ages frola x ) years up. Thus it is obvious that, if girls cl . not find husbands, is is not for lack of * plentiful supply of the article. What is re quired, seemingly, is a general migration of spinsters from tho north and east to the great and "rowing west, in parts of which there are ten available maies for every maid. FromJ the last remark, however, it must not be in ferred that there is actually an excess of un married women in the northern and eastern States. Even in those parts of the country there are moro baclielors tlian spinsters -0 years old and upward, notwithstanding tho theory to the cotitrary so widely accepted. ( No Stats in the Union had as many maidens as bachelors- not even Massachusetts, where tho figures are 219,'-53 spinsters against 2*26,()8D." bachelors. Massachusetts ;s the banner State ibi spinsters, the bachelors out numbering them by oulj' tw«>tenths of 1 per cent. Next comes Rhode Island; where the excess of bachelors is 2 per cent. The excess of bachelors in the District of Columbia is fc> percent.) in North Carolina 9 percent, m NeiV Hampshire 9 per cent., in Connecticut 20 percent,,,in Maine 37 per cent., and in Vermont v* per cent. In Maryland the bachelor surplus is i9 per cent, in 2sew Jersey it is 22 per cent,., ifi xJew^orkit is 26 per cent., and in Virginia it is 2-percent. All of these are low percentages, so far as the superiority of bachelors in point of numbers is eoncerned. Cmtious iNlJiAJJ BELIEFS.-'When a mail dies far from home, Ms friends .tie thread? across the streams near his village, in order to itfo-Hdo the spirit with a bridge on hi= re turn journey. Long a man dies abroad, a cesel? is k.Ut,. __ bird may wake the ghost early ewh cu, on his travel homeward; and aa far as I eoula make out when I visited tiie country, the in digenous religion consists almost who Jy ot tlie worship of the spirits of the dead, ilow tile beliefs of the Khasia folk are merely a sample ef tho ificiiS universally pi-evident among the \U>ri<nnics of India, rtg.frding the returning sp'rit." If, again, we go among the gcncrady settled popxilation of Iliudxis, wo find tlu same feelings persistent among them. I here rur.s throuJU their obsequies the notion ilia! the wandering si.nl of the dead person must be provided with a new refuge, must be har bored find comforted. As bt.-dily death is a irivino' up of tlie ghost. ho must be provided with a fresh tenement, or, at least s-nne cui porary accommodation. One remarkable cas; is worth mentioning to an English audience. Some fifty years ago a very high English oliieial died in a fortress, at a place that is oni of the centres of Brahmanic orthodoxy: am. at the moment, when the news of hirf death, reached the Sepoy guard at the main gate, a black eat nished out of it. The guards pre sented arms to cat as a salute to the flying spirit cf the powerful Englishman; and tin' coincidence took so firm a lio'd of the locality that up to a few years ago neither exliortatior lior orders could prevent a Hindu sentry ^> that gate from presenting arms to any cat that passed out of that fort at night. Leitfl ROSEBEET'S POPULARITY.-The secret ! of interesting the public does not dwell j with the Duko of Devonshire, Sir ' Michael j Hicks-Bench, Mr. GoseLcn, or Lord Sal>y>ury. Lo.-d Salisbury has the power latent, b-.it u ? fcr.trioiiSlY dtifles. it. _Iieluus' neeit.s, by reason of his positieftf be in.pretty 'rsg-nllix'at-'' teudance at the House ot' Lords, and'once i. year must siand up in a big hall and hide his scorn of the ebss of mankind and womenfolk who wear the decoration of the Primrose League. On the whole, o put it in. more genial form, lie hates his feilowi-'.a!-, and would rather be a door keepc-r iu the ECC usiou of Hatfield than dwell in the tenia of London society. Lord Randolph Churchill wielded the magic spell. So docs Mr. Chamberlain, and So dhtte the Eafi of Rosebery. ... To those qualities Lord Rosebery superadds the charm of graceful speech, in turn witty, humorous, pathetic, eloquent. .. i . If, as a matter of precaution and in token of respect for liia audience, Lord Rosebery does frame in advance the main structure of his speech, he quickly seizes occasions to show that lie is not dependent upon the equivalent to the mid night lamp for inspiration. Many of the best things in his speeches are flashed forth either in retort to interruption from a voice in the crowd or in passing reply to a speaker who has i preceded him. Other natural gifts which ho has, conducive to success in oratory, arc a pleasing presence, a far-reaching, melodious voice, and an effective delivery. ... In the spring of last year, when, according to the expressed opinion of his followers, Lord Salis bury was muddling matters iu the Far East, it is scarcely exaggeration to say that he held the fate of the Ministry in tho palm of his hand. Had he emerged from his retirement, taken his place in the House of Lords, and. pegged away at Lord Salisbury's foreign policy, as .twenty years earlier Mr. Gladstone hammered at Lord Beaconsfield's, he migh not perhaps have turned the Government out, but they would have been saved only by alter ing1 their policy in accordance with his views. It is no secret that, at the time, Lord Rose bery was approached by various influential sections ot the Liberal party, and besought to emerge from his tent and declare himself on Lord Salisbury's' policy, of late crowned by the acquisition by Russia of Talienwan. He clung tenaciously to his policy of silence; and Lord Salisbury- lived to acquire Wei-hai-Wei. -ELECTEOID GAS.-The new hvdro carbon which is yielded by the compound of carbon and lime, or carbide of calcium, the product of intenso electric heat, is being made service able in a new process of gas making adopted bv the Scarborough and District Lighting Co. It will be remembered that the contact of water and the portions of carbide, on which both .ire confined in a gas holder, develops the new and brilliant light- giver, acetelync. At Ilumanby, near Scarborough., gas is made thusi The solid carbide of calcium is reducca to powder, and the dust dropped upon water. The resulting gas is then mixed with another gas, b" a method devised by Mr. J. C. Marsh, consult'ng engineer to the company, and is sent out from tho gasometer through ordinary mains. and burnt in ordinary fittings. It is asserted that the cost is only one-third o£ or* dinary coal gas, and that its illuminating power in the same burner, is as 200 candles i compared to 17. Also that the light is re markably pure and brilliant. The new process is eminently adapted to small towns and vill age, an:! in adition to Humanby it is to be extended to several more. THE HUNTED WHALE.-The human race usually estimates the value of an animal by tho use it can make of it, and whales, like other things, have to conform to this rule Now, these liugo beings possess three or four things greatly coveted by man. The sperm whole, which is the biggest, and heaviest of its kind, although not so long as the eighty leet rorqual, carries about in its extraordi narily thick brad a sulv.;tnnco kacsvn as sper maceti, used in the man f. cture of ea.L-dlcs aaui oi-.tre.cats, and in it.-; i.tumaeh it secret'.'* i<.!«l>rrgri.s, us.,1 in perl'i: -nes. The C-rrcn ia.nd whale lr s it; mouth f dl ? ? whaVhone. and this substance has been know t<i fetch as niln-1; as l'_0a<) a ton. jJes.v'c th. se special product.1', there are the binWr. r v.'..a-ai-ats li.isscss.!' by all (he whale famiiy. l! is not surprising. therefore, that these hnraihss and valuable creatures should he p-;sac.; and shot, at with harpoons and explosive bulla!-:. am! killed, and carved, and In died, onill thev have be-onie comparatively vara. ll:>pju!v fur whales, t!:o ocean is ami a i"p, a.a! ma:' is ever o:r the alert (o find o,:nt n- 'v and cheaper materia'..-, to work noon.: The t'i ;? cov. ry of miuevo! 'nay enable v;li .!.:« i--. enjoy (heir own .-p.-i'macli and blubber in nee* a. and substitutes now used for whale bone in the wai-d'.obe of ladies may drivr Ifrom their minds die recollection of t!v> fata' time when the iail of a whale was a perquisite oi the Queen, met, St i Pilchet^v with hiaS enneavoi cil i exhibition la§t» wr.s blowing. surgeon to be reaft Mr. Pilcher argued not l'fiorease the dang ^ would make, the flight' skima like a bin) or a. kite^s in# movement was ttlways Unfortunately, after the itert) 50fr., a cord attached to the work. It, had been saturated by th as all the vind *as suddenly taken machine, it fell \viih a crash, and the^ ditd from his injuries a few hours afteY^ards. When seen in mid-air the aeroplane has the ap pearance of a gigiintia bird, and it is the most successful apparatus of the kind that has yet f>e»i! invented. ?naut 