The 'Fed?ial Capital. "A meeting convened' by theb'Mayor last nlgh;'to re.organise the local Federal League and autvancoe the claims of the c?untiry about baesalras and J.rvii U3ay for the erte if the Federal capltal 'lipieed for: the lack of attendance. No eutbusiasm is shown here ab,ut the amended bill, The e-xitance of the Braddon blot is regarded as - a serious defeot in the bill.." " Come," said theo Mayor, "turn out, .my boys I Stand forth and etrongly say your say : While all the land re stunoed with noise, ... Shall silence reigh at Jerlte Bay P Shall ?aessfraie be moute, or ohall It be the Federal C'aptIal I "Out West, among the graseless sands, Whore, coutlties, .ho dead junabitki'ilie : Wan resideote hold up their haunds And feebly toes their hate on high 'Upon one steadfast purpose brnt- To have a Federal Pailamenat I " Lob's Hole has apoken, Jimmy's Oreek Hes hastened to put in a word; Goulburn declares Boambala'e cheak Iu coming cut is too absurd, Aud that the nerve of Posium Valley Isepally eomething more than bally. " What P 8bhsll we theo so tamely yield 'T'here's not a townuhap lying low From Albuay to Truteiheld Whioh has the ghost of tluokley's show I Let us deoanud what's'oure by right, Ioll upl l'll tate the chair to-night 1 " They did not roli- they would not uoll. For why ? Thteir imple hearts were pure; They looked towarde a higher goal Shan Avaieou's glitternluglure Of stately buiildunge crowned with domas-' Tobrolore they stayel within their homes I Beside the fires they sternly eat, Below the muttoti hums that awung Amid the esmke. They smoked, and spat Full staruly at the logs that flupg A ithokeriug glow tapon the loore _They storoly kept within their doores I They said-or, if you like, they thought Lhts is a ounurg bait, but we Are not in euob way tobe bought From duty to posterity - Whate'er it brings to us of loss, l We will stand by the douther o Crdase I " We'dl not roll up-well asimply not, At any price., We'd sooner rue Than saunnou this h?re Braddon Blot That Reid wea duwn on last July We will not nmove-..e'll just ked5p atill In acorn of the Ameuded Itll," 0 saurdy healts I go ever thus Toiling among the cows and grain, Bach man a oeaatal Begulue, Who will nut elstop lr gold or gain, All others seekroug:ende their own, Stand for the publio good alone I. You've made the name of Baeasafras Shine as with palt,,tio fire, But- es.ig that all flsh is graes It I Ight b,, well tobere nqu re Would ots have ell juat hapipened so ItSBaealretread Lucktey' show F -Niemaind iu the '. Dal?l Telegraph/" 