MANASSEH BEN ISRAEL. 'A Paper Read Before the Melbourne Jewish Riterary Society by the Rev. E. Blaubaum. (Continued from page 18S.) r I lHili dedication was graciously received by Parliament, Lord , JL Middlesex sent him a letter, addressing him as " my dear brother," and sending him a passport for the intended journey. Manasseh had also placed himself in communication with leading statesmen in England, many of whom were by no mentis disinclined to listen to his entreaties. There were not wanting in England men who pleaded for the Jews, and openly and strongly advocated . their readmission. The most notable of these was Edward Nicholas, ..who, in 1048, had published a pamphlet entitled, " An Apology for the Honourable Nation of the Jews and all the Sons of Israel," in , which he said: "England can only be assured by the readmission of the Jews. The punishing hand of God rests heavily upon the land. The sins of the fathers cry for vengeance, and the greatest of these sins is the persecution of God's people. The Jews arc the most honourable people in the world ; they are a people chosen by God and protected by God." Thus matters stood when Manasseii, in uctoner, iuou, arrived in London and took up his residence in the Strand, opposite the New Exchange. Without loss of time, he presented an address, on behalf of the Jewish nation, to His Highness the Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland , nnd Ireland. At the same time he published a declaration to the Commonwealth to inform the English nation of the object of his mission to England. The address, as well as the declaration, are too long for reproduction, so we have to content ourselves with a gist of the same. The address opens with the statement, well known in our liturgy, that the great God of , Israel, Creator of Heaven and Earth, gives and takes away dominions and empires, according to His own plensure, exalting some and over throwing others. This the writer proves from the Book of Daniel and the histories of Pharaoh, Nebuchndnezar, Antiochus Epiphanes, Pompey and others. And there never had been a ruler who had favoured the Jews and had not prospered. He, the writer, therefore prayed His Highness that he would, according to that piety and j power, wherein His Highness was eminent beyond others, allow that the great nnd glorious name of the Lord our God may be extolled and solemnly worshipped and praised by us through all the bounds of this Commonwealth, and to grant us place in your country that we may have our synagogues and the free exercise of our religion. } "Besides," he added, towards the end of the address, " it increases our confidence of your bounty toward us, in that as soon as ever the rumour of that wished-for liberty, that ye were n-thinking to grant us, was made known to our countrymen, I, in the name of my nation, the Jews that live in Holland, did congratulate and entertain their Excellencies, the Ambassadors of England, who were received in our synagogue with as great pomp and applause, hymns and cheer fulness of mind, as ever any sovereign prince was." In the declaration to the Commonwealth of England, Manasseh sets forth the reasons why the Jews should bo re-admitted and how profit . able to the nation they are. He says, inter alia : " Now in this disper sion our forefathers, flying from the Spanish Inquisition, some of them came to Holland, others to Italy, and others betook themselves to Asia, and so easily they credit one another ; and by that means they draw the negotiation wherever they are, where with all of them mer chandising, and having perfect knowledge of all the kinds of moneys, diamonds, cochinil, indigo, wines, oil and other commodities, that serve from place to place; especially holding correspondence with their friends and kinsfolk, whose language they understand ; they do abundantly enrich the lands and countries of strangers where they live, not only with what is requisite and necessary for the life of man, but also what may serve for ornament to his civil condition." Manasseh dwells long and emphatically upon the fidelity of the Jews to the ruler under whose sceptre they live, quoting the well-known prayer for the sovereign of the land, be lie Pope, Emperor, King or any other prince. Nor does lie fail to defend his people against false accusations, which were generally brought against thorn, such ns the practice of usury and killing the young children of Christians. With regard to charging interest! and the practice of usury he says : " As no man is bound to give his goods to another, so is lie not bound to let his money out, but for his own occasions and profit, and not to leave himself destitute of the profit lie could make of the moneys. ,Only this must be done with moderation that the usury be not biting lind exorbitant, which the Christians themselves use amongst themselves, as even in the Mounts of Piety at Padua, Vincenza and Verona is to be seen where they take six per cent., and elsewhere yet more. This in no manner can be called robbery, but is^with consent and will of the contractor, and the same sacred Scripture which allows usury with him that is not of the same religion forbids absolutely the robbing of all men, whatsoever religion they bo of. In our Law it is a greater sin to rob or defraud a Btranger thnn if I did it to one of my own profession, because a Jew is bound to show his charity to all men, for he has a precept not to abhor an Idomehn nor an Egyptinn, and that he j shall love and protect a stranger that comes to live in his land. If, notwithstanding, there be some that do contrary to this,' they do it not as Jews simply, but as wicked Jews, as amongst all nations there are found generally some usurers." In conclusion Manasseh stated that he could speak of the nobility of the Jews, but as that point was well known amongst all Christians, and had lately been most worthily and excellently shown and described in two books by non-Jewish writers, he would forbear and rest on that saying of King Solomon, the wisest on earth, " Let another man's mouth praise thee and not thine own," "which is the close of Rabbi Mannssuh lien. Israel, a Divine nnd Doctor in Physickj in the Strand, over against the New Exchange in London." Before his:petition1'was taken into consideration Mnnnssch visited ninny leading members of Parliament as well ns the..professors of theology at Oxford and -'Cambridge, and finally lie was received by Cromwell himself. .> At this interview, however, it does not appear . thnt the question which Manassch had so much at henrt was at all discussed. Probably the Protector, as any other experienced states man would have done, preferred to approach the question in an .'.'■'nilbiased frame of mind. But he showed Mannsseh every mark of respect and treated him with the utmost kindness. Indeed, it was Cromwell's well-known .bearing towards the Jews ill general, and llannsseh in particular, that brought the Jew-haters.in.Englnnd up in1 arms. They spread all sorts of false and ugly rumours. It was reported that the. Jews;were going to buy St. Pnul^,to turn it into a : synagogne, and that the bargain was all but complete, a'paltry sum of two million,s.being all that stood .between, the parties to the trans actions A.similar.bde was said to threaten the Bodlejfin Library. One writer in all;ioaVnestness proposed, that'Ireland should be-sold to the Jews-" in/ordcr- in disburthen <lie kingdom of'the weight of Irish affairs." It? ip needless to say the bargain did.not corne ofl. Others reported' thatHhe.Jews looked, upon, Groin well as their long expected Messiah, , .How. eagerly all these stories were accepted by the enemies of the Jews is perhaps best shown by .the fact that,, nearly two hundred years nfterwnrds, Schudt, in' the, first.vohmie of; Lis" Ji/disohe MerkwurdigkeMe7i " repeatedmost of thein as if, they were perfectly, true. Oroinwollj however, to 'his credit;be it said,' paid no attention.to all?'8iich'riimonrSi'.''Mi'He.-nppointc(l.'a.Ooimni8sion." consisting of. judges, lending lawyers, clergymen': and*representative i-itizens to discuss and decide upon the, Jewish question; ; The Com ''mission met inDecember,,! G 55, at White Hall,andMnnnssch was permitted .tonttendthesittings;■■•■■■■; The questions submitted: to tiio •Coininissionv;Wcrerrf(-l)',v)V.lietlier; it;was lawful; .to admit'tho Jews ; rind (2) Under what conditions such.roadmission should'take place. The sittings lasted for four days, but theiresult was very unsatisfac tory to the- petitioners. Eor, although the f legal ■ members of the Commission were unanimously of.opinion that, if the readmission of' the Jews would conduce to; the welfare of the State, there wns no' law thnt • could . oppose it, the clergy- were dead- against the Jews, quoting Scripture to show, that; thot Jews were an accursed race, to wlioin no hospitality should be shown. On the fourth day, Wednesday, 12th of December, generally called the " Jew' Wednesday,'' Cromwell himself presided and made one of Jits: impassioned speeches;.*',HeJ<hr.ewmll'':hisJnflucnco and'eloquence into the scale in favour of^ tlie jews^ "1 liavo never'heard a man speak so' Splendidly in my life''as: Cromwell1 did' on this occasion," said one who heard him. His compassion with this, poor people whom God had chosen, lie: said, and to whom IIo had given His Law was great indeed. They tvere the children of God ; they rejected Christianity because they did not recognise Jesus as their Messiah. " It is our, duty," continued, the speaker, ' " to win (.hem for the Church;, Is there any/rnore. suit'nblemeans for this than that we should preach the Gospel to them ? And how can'we preach it when wo will not sulfer them to he amongst us ?" To the merchants who feared that the Jews'might beat them in-trade and commerce, Cromwell said, " Can you really think that so despised a people should be able to' secure the upper hand in trade nnd credit over the merchants of England—the most honoured in the world?" But it was all in vain.. No decision entirely favourable to the Jews was arrived at. , It was affirmed that " the Jews deserving it may be ndmittcdvinto this nation to trade and traffic nnd dwell amongst us, as Providence shall give occasion but wlion it came to the question whether the Jews so admittedmight he allowed to practise the rites of their religion, thatwas quite a different matter. The general opinion was, certainly against it; and' Oi'omwell, wisely no doubt, did not press the matter to a vote. II'.y therefore dis charged the Commission. The not outcome of all those proceedings isperhnps best gathered fromaJotter which Secretary Thurloc, under date 17th December, 1055, addressed to Goneral Cromwoll the Protector's son. He says—f Wo have had many disputations con corning the admittance of tiio Jowes to dwell in this Commonwealth, they havingmade an earnest desire to1 His Highness to bo admitted' whereupon ho :hath; been, pleased td 'adviso some of tho judges' .mercliant8:aJid'-div.ineSit'.o.-.Thorpoint;.ofv:.con8cienco hath boon only controverted yet, vis., whether; it he lawful! to admit the Jewes now out,of England, to roturne againo intojt. Tho divines do very much differ in their judgment about, it, some bcingo for their admittance upon; fittiugo cautions, others are. ,in express terms against it upon any terms whatsoever. The like, difference 1 find in tho Counsell : and, so amongst all Christians abroad; The matter is debated with great candour and ingenuity, and without any heat. What the issue thereof will be, l am not able to tell "you, hut I am apt tothinke taut nothingo will be done therein." And - this was tho case. No immediate notion was taken. Manasseh, as may he expected was much disappointed, but lie was determined that, the slanderers of his piople should not go uncontradicted. Ho came forward as the defender of his co-religionists. He had come to England tolerably confident of success, and now he was met by those venomous charges which were common eno.ugh in other countries, but which he never expected to find under the intensely religious regime of Cromwell. Perhaps lie himself had been unconsciously the means of conjuring tip ghosts of .the past ; it was his duty, therefore, to do all he could to lay them. In his study in London; and without the aid of any • book's worth speaking of,. he prepared: what is on all sides considered the best and ablest of, all his ,writings, entitled, " Vindicias Judac ornm, or a letter in answer, to. certain questions propounded by a noble and lenrned gentleman; touching the reproaches on the nation of the Jews ; wherein all objections are candidly and yet fully cleared." The book; which soon afterwards was printed and pub ' lished,' is written with a zeal 'and fervour that evidently come from the hearty and cannot fail to go'to thehenrt of the reader; He showed conclusively that all the accusations brought against the Jews, notably that of ritual murder; have no foundation in fact, but are the work of malicious persons, and concluded : " 1 humbly pray the honourable English .nation to examine iny reasons calmly, irnpar , tially and without) prejudice, so as to speed the time promised by the . prophets', when we shall all worship God with one heart ;arid'the Redeemer shall come to Zion," The little book made a deep impres sion' on all that read it, and of its lasting valueiwe have the best proof in the fact that, in 1782, Dr. Herz, of Berlin, translated it into German,:and that' at the request of no less eminent a critic than Moses Mendelssohn himself, whooiccoiiipnnied the translation with a preface from his own pen. ' •' i .One nfter the other of Manasseh's friends who had come with him /to London returned to their native counti-y ; but lie waited patiently "(. for a favourable answer from the Protector. But Cromwell wasioo ' busy.'justthen, and perhaps ho considered the state of the public mind too.excited to proceed with the question: any further: But although the Council of State had decided against the readmission of the Jews,'lie permitted a few of them to:settle in London. Their number must have steadily increased, for we find that in' 1657 the ..Jews of London acquired in the parish of Stepney a piece of ground for a burial place. The deed is still preserved in the archives of the Bervis Mark Synagogue and is dated February, 1057. Mnnasseh was still in England at that time ; but lie was in sore straits. His prolonged absence from home hnd made it neces sary for him to relinquish his post in Amsterdam. Further still, an impression was created in the Dutch capital that through his action in England many of the Dutch Jews would be induced to settle in the former country, which, of course, would have been injurious to Holland. Ho had therefore to do his best to remove that impression. In December, 1655, the Dutch ambassador in England wrote to his Government:—" Manasseh Ben Israel has been to see me, and did assure me that he does not desire anything for the Jews in Holland, but only for those as sit in the Inquisi tion of Spain and Portugal." To make matters worse, Manasseh was now without means, He had at length to apply to the Pro tector for some pecuniary assistance, Cromwell graciously granted him an annual pension of £100,'payable quarterly, and commencing from 20th February, 1057. A few months later he loft England. The immediate causa of his departure was a sad one. He had received news that his son Joseph, while on a business journey to Germany, lind died, and as the'deceased had directed that his remains should bo interred in Amsterdam, Manasseh started at once on his way to Holland to carry out his deceased son's wish. I give this piece of history on the authority of our Chief Babbi, though Kay serling tells us that the death of this son took place in 1650 ; but, as Dr. Adler's monograph is only of a recent date, while Kayserling's is more than thirty years old, I presume that Dr. Adler is correct. However, it was not granted to Manasseh to reach his destination. Arrived at Middleburg, a town in Zeeland, he fell ill and died at the house of his brother-in-law, Abrnham Abravancl, on the 20th of November, 1657, at the ago of fifty-three. His body was taken to Amsterdam and interred in the cemetery of the Sephardic Jews. His tombstone beta's a Hebrew and Spanish inscription, the latter of which is to the following effect:—"He is not dead, for in Heaven he enjoys eternal life in supreme glory, and his writings have insured liini immortality on earth. The honoured Hebrew, Manasseh Ben Israel, died on ICislev the 14th, in the year 5418." Nearly two centuries and a-half have passed since then, and with the material which historical research hns placed at our disposal, we are now able to form a true estimate of Manasseh's life and labours, We can afford to overlook his foibles, for what mortal is with out them ? We may hold—and very few will say otherwise—-that his writings have outlived their utility, or that even in his own day tliey would pale into insignificance before those of scores of men'who preceded him. Yet when we. have said all this, and perhaps a great deal more, there remains much to his credit, much that entitles him' to the gratitude of all generations of Jews in general, and of English Jews in particular. His name may well be reckoned amongst the worthiest sons and daughters of our race. No one could, or ever did, surpass him in sympathy for his downtrodden brethren of all countries ; no one excel him in his unselfish labours for the amelioration of their condition. He felt for the poor, for he was poor himself; ho honoured the learned, for his constant desire was to increase his 'store of knowledge. His people might have'treated hint more liberally,-.might'have.relieved him of much anxiety,,but. all that did not deter him from pursuing the cause of- his brethren which was. nearest to his heart. It is sad to think that a man so zealous In -.the-"interests-of his people, so'.utterly unselfish, should have had to apply to Cromwell for assistance, when almost every one of the small Jewish community in London .was-quite rich enough to keep, this good but poor man above actual want. It. should have been their ..pleasure, if; not their, duty.- That they . did not. do so -> was not his fault, but theirs. ; He consi-' dered bis mission to England a failure., Had lie lived longer lie would have been able to look upon- it in. a very different light. - For while nothing very substantial had been tlie: immediate result, a good ; advance had nevertheless beenmade. The English public had at all events received, abetter idea of;tlie Jew. For. what did.tlie English;' at that time know of the Jews ? It was natural for them to look upon every;-Jew as .a' Shylock. .Since '1290, when. Edward I. expelled them, no Jew had, as a Jew, lived 011 English •-:8oiLv-..M;*--T.he(',Eii'gli8h';'liad'-' no opportunity of : studying the Jewish character, and the impressions llieyi got from current litera ture, such as Marlow's "Jew 'of Malta" (1588), and Shake speare's; "Merchant of Venice"' (1594)j' were: not calculated to raise.the Jew in their estimation. But here came a .lew from a 'country .. where ;.hospitality, had been, extended' . to, the: race ,.wilh ■ advantage to the- host ; why was this not. possibloJn.England! if.; Holland, had flourished by admitting the: Jews, was it ililcely.that England would go fo the dogs by pursuing a similar policy ? And-' that- Jew brought letters o! introduction from ennnent men/in the learned world ; tliat Jew;, was, ih; fact,: a- inan wliom eminent; men of letters delighted to honour, and that: Jew, likewise, and-with - the fearlessness which- a righteous, cause inspires,: dared-, to visit a . country where for close uponfJOOjyenrs; 110 Jew had been allowed to live and declare himself a Jew.. . Was not :all ;this-nicrit enough; on ■ the -part of Manasseh!. And what could ho have gained:by;tho admission of lite Jews into England? He was safe enough in Holland, where, as wos have seenv the Government was by no means tired of its Jewish subjects. But no, he was anxious to secure for. rliis.v, less-favoured • co7religionists; the v. same: privi leges' on British soil which ho enjoyed, in his;, own . country. And assuredly the seed which he planted, the example which ho set, the impression which he .ntade,: bore, good' fruit, and that at no distant date. .Dr. Eayserling1 draws :an; interest-, ing. nnd< opposite parallel betweenManasseh Ben; Israel'and Moses Mendelssohn. "Both;" lie says;," possess . the eminent: merit, of having conquered the prejudices of their contemporaries'. , Both had their most intimate friends among Christian1 scholars ; both onriohed general literatnre, and paid special care to the education of llio young. Both of them drew no material ■■profit from their vast stores < of learning; but gained their living by engaging in business affairs. Both were1 called away, almost at the very snme age; from the scene of their activity without having attained the span ordinarily allotted to man. In one thing only they differ. Mendelssohn was essen tially a self-made man; who acquired all the knowledge lie possessed by dint of his own exertions, whilst Manassoh enjoyed the advantage of a careful training. But in one respect Manasseh gains the palm, for, unlike the shy and retiring sage of Berlin, lie threw himself with eagerness into tlio stress and press of public life, and pleaded the cause of his peoplo before Parliaments and rulers." The Jewish Historical Society of England has made it a point to celebrate overy year Resettlement Day ; 1 do not know exactly on what date, but of this I am sure; that however ; often this day may be celebrated, the name of Manasseh Ben Israel will not he forgotten. P.S.—I was asked whether from 1290, the expulsion yoar, to the begin ning of the 17th century any Jews lived in England ? My answer wap, that if Jews lived there, they did not do so as Jews. I have made further inquiry into this matter, and I find that I am substantially correot. The following faots bearing on this question may not bo uninteresting :— Within twenty-five year3 of their expulsion an effort was mado by the Jews to re-enter the country, but it failed. Between 1358 and 1410 a certain Solomon Levi visited London. A letter was recently discovered, written from London by this Levi, in which he complains that, on Purim day, I10 found himself alone, without a friend with whom he could celebrate that joyful day. The samo Levi afterwards embraced Christianity, and, under the name of Paul of Burgos, became a celebrated bishop—celebrated chiefly becauso ho had once been a rabbi. Anyhow, his letter shows that, between the boforo mentioned years there were no Jews in England, or Levi would have found them out. King Henry III. (I do not know exactly in what year) founded a Hospital for Converted Jews in New-street, which was in 1185 removed to Fleet-street. It was known as Domus Conversorum. Hero converted Jews were kept on an annual allowance of 45sh. 7Ad. each, or l^d. per day. There are still extant receipts by these people, one of whom signs his name in English and Hebrew characters, to which he adds in Greek letters " neophita." There is to be found in tho doeumonts preserved in the Record Office a list of some 50 Jowb, who came from foreign countries, accepted baptism and enjoyed the royal bounty within a period extending from 1298 to 1609. It has been proved that in'tho year 1596, whea Shakespeare's " Merchant of Venice" appeared, there resided only two Jewish converts in the Dotnus Conversorum, one named Nathanaol Mendo, tho other Fortunati Massa. Edward III. ordered that the official records or rolls should be preserved in this Domus Conversorum, and the Master of tho Rolls wax also tho keeper of tho House of Converts, which is still in existence; A chapel was attached to it, and only in 1S91 Parliament abolished tho post of Preacher to the Chapel. Strange to say, in 1S73 a professed Jew, Sir George Jcssol, was appointed Master of the Rolls. It is related that or his first arrival at the Rolls, Sir George was shown the court and the office. Professor Brewer, then Preacher at the Rolls, showed' tho , now nmster.his chapol. Sir George admired the tombs and heard Professor Brewer's account of the building, and, on shaking,hands with him, said; "Well, 'Mr.''■Brewer, it is a very interesting place. I am much obliged to you'for showing it to mo, and as you~do'us?the honour of worshipping a member of our nation her'e$ l shall come in one Sunday morning and see how you do it." /. / ■■ ~ ' .• , . ■ 