Dying Nations. HOW EMPIRE IS AFFECTED BY tfHE CLIMATE. _ A nation only livos a few thousand years. Look at the great nations of 4000 years ago. ' Egypt, Yuoatnn, Mexico, Peru, Assyria, aro all dead und buriod. China is only staying alive to save funeral expenses. ? The next generation of nations includod Romn and Greece, and thoso are liko galvanished ghosts. Tho third generation, the Turks, Moors, Spaniards, Moguls, .Dutch, and Scandinavians, are alive, but . have lost their power. i 'From this you will seo that tho nations in hot countries die and stay dead. The nations of oold ? countries riio, become grout, fail, lose their out lying dominions, and yet stay alivo. That iB -1-eonuso the land doeB not lapse into jungle lilto Coylon and Yucatan, or ohongo into desert liko .Assyria and Egypt, but remains fertile, providing iplenty df food. ' Now to opply thoso faotB, says tho London Daily Mail, Great Britain, the United Stales, Russia, «nd Germany aro gaining in population, wealth, ?and power, but tbu. British empire ia extending more rapidly than anyonoof thom. Compare her with BTranoo, for instance. A oouplo oC centuries oro, .whon Pranoo ownod uioat of North- America, and was founding a vast empire in ' India, Paris was bigger than :London, and waB tho oapitnl of tha ?civilised world, To-day Paris has 2,500,000 poople, and is tho oapital of the arts and fashion. But Xondon has 5,000,000 souls, and haB takon tho placo of Paris aB metropolis of the world. Tho British empire is growing, and it will lceop on growing, along the lines of toast resistance. At ?tho preeonfa rate, tho whole land surfaco of tho iplanot will bo absorbed by tho year 2349 a d. But as Greater Britain grows it cornea into closer oontaol: with tho boundaries of the TJnltod States, Russia, tiand Germany. Evon if we could, wo havo no wish to swallow thoso or any othor decently- governed ?countries. Tho Unitiid States, Russia, Germany, and Japan aro playing tbo same game. Tho British empire is noariy as largo as tho four combined. An England does not wish to oonqner tho woll-governed -countries, tha area opened to annexation may be diminished by half. In that cbbo all tho world will be properly gorornod by tho year 2012 A.D, So ia 118 years from tho proBont tlmo tho British empire must Btop spreading for look of room on tho planot. Evan thon it will grow in wealth and population, but moanwhilo theso littlo islands aro getting vory old. Soonor or lator wo may foci the weakness at ago, and bo no longor ablo to light for our poBBQBBions ; our colonies may cut adrift from us j tho conquered countries liko India may revolt j If all this should happen, as politicians of a possi . miotic tomporamont aro already prodioting, it would only bo a oaso of history ropoating itself. How long will that bo P Woll, Borne roso in 400 ;yoars, as wo did, and took a thousand yours to ?doaline. Our ompiro io infinitely greater, strongor, x-nd moro loyal thau thu Roman. Suppose wo say 1.G00 yoors' before' tho Littlo England party wins a goneral olootlon, and littlo ISngland is a arcond-olaaa power, aB she was in tho days of'Honry VIII P 