CHRIST'S ESTIMATE OF FAITH. By ALEX. A R. 3IACEWEN, D.D. .Jesus -aith unto him, Thomas, because thou hast seen 31e, thou hast believed; blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed. -John xx., 29. There is only one true faith; there is only one God and Father; there is only one Saviour; there is only one .?Holy Ghost, and these three are one; but there is a great variety in the ways of reading faith. There is a great difference in the hold which it takes on different minds. YWe must not confuse those two, the ob ject and the method of faith. We must not imagine that because Christ is al ways the same, all men reach Him by the same road, or stand In the same relation to- Him. Now, sjnce faith is the most important part and force in life, the part and force which bind us to God. every thing about Faith Is of consequence, and it is of special value to learn, as this verse enables us to do, Christ's estimate of different kinds of faith. We see here what He who spent Iis life in seeking to awaken faith, who dice'l a shameful death in order to give faith Iirm ground, thought when His work was almost finished of different kinds of faith. In this verse He recognises and compares two ways in which men come to believe. lie compares those who believe beaause they' have seen with. those who have not. seen and yet. have believed. Of the on, we have.t - very plain example. In the Apos:le Thomas; of the other, although no example is quoted.- the meaning is Squite clear. W\e s.hall learn, with God's blessing, some gotrl lessons if we look at them in turn, noticing what Christ thought of each of them. Those who, like Thomas, believe be e'ause they have seen. The behavior or Thomas. being fully described, requires little explanation. For some unknown cause he had been absent when Christ first appeared to the disciples after the resurrection. They reported to him that Jesus had shown them His hands, ond said lie bie.-thed upon them. and had g!iven them the Holy Ghost. The wo wen. too, dtescribed their adventures at the sepulchre. Thomas discredited these tales as the fond fancies of excited brains. Ile must see with his own eyes; he must use his own hands and fingers. otherwise he would not believe. After the lapse of a week, during which Tho rmas remained in doubt. Jesus appeared again, and offered Thomas the very evi dence he had specified. '" Reach hither thy finger." He said, "and behold fMy hands, and reach hither thy hand and thrus? It into My side." It is not said that Thomas took advantage of the of fer, anid most of us would prefer to think that he was ashamed to lay hand on that eternal body. But in any case he was convinced. The proof which he de manded was before him, within his reach for use. He was not only sa:is fied, but received a new impulse in devotion, and cried out with a swelling heart. "\My Lord and my God." lie had seen, and therefore he believed. No doubt there-is something attrac tive in the eagerness of 'thomas, and some beauty In the gush of feeling- with which he confesses the truth, yet Jesus received his warm profession very cold "ly, and actually reproved him. "lBe not faithless," lie said, "but believing." By his dogmatism he had strayed to the verge of unbelief, and he had escaped only by renewing the humiliation of his tMaster. Forced into faith by his own principles, he was bound to believe, therefore Jesus reminds him that the road by which he had come was a plain road, not to be compared for hardness with another. Because he had seen he had believed. TWhat else could he have done? Jesus had left no room for un belief. THE DEMfAND FOR DEMONSTIRA TION. Now that is a very common mode df thought regarding the supernatural and spiritual. Perhaps it is the most comrn mon, for the human mind in its ordinary and natural development calls for evi dence. Some seek for proof that come; through the senses; others for proof through argument and reason. No guilt can be attached to those who take such. an attitude, although it brings danger. We cannot reckon people as sinners be cause they will not accept a fact or a doctrine until they are convinced that it is true. Indeed, most Christians pass through such a stage. When the facul ties are shooting, and we have perfect confidence in ourselves, we think that we are entitled to , have everything explained to us logi cally. We imagine that no one ever saw such dificulties as we- see. We wonder that older people, although they cannot convince us, are so firm and sim ple in their faith. We cannot thnlk of taking others' oplinions or the opinions iof thile Church as ourt rules, or, indeed. of bending to any authority except out own convictions. This is tihe attitude of Thomas when he declared that he would not believe unless the truth were proved to him in the very way he-had pl'rescrlb ed. In his case Jesus met the ldenmland. hut I-Ih does not always do so. Although the Bible, and conscience, and our ex perienlce supply evidences that ought t. convince us, God does not often allow men to dictate to Him the kIind of proof He mlust give. There are Thomases -who pass into the darkness of complete unbelief because they make a claim upon" the Creator which creatures have no right to do. If we were asked to slngle out the reason why Thomas was so gen erously treated, we might say, I think that it lay in his earesntness and cou rage. Unbeliever that he was, he had stayed with the disciples at the risk of life. He did not give up hope because the faith of others seemed to him to be unreasonable. His own heart was wrong, but he remained on the right side. Now this is a plain lesson which young men' and women especially require. Doubts creep into their souls, and so possess them that it seems almost dis honest to believe. Well, when the mind and heart contradict one another, take the brave side, the side where courage will be needed. God is always gracious to a man who, in spite of doubt and risk, will stay in the company where Christ is accustomed to reveal himself. THE EASY BELIEVERS. nut, passing from this, I rather wish t you to notice the condition of those who have received such proof, and who are I free from any doubt about the evidences of religion. A great many people un- derstand everything quite plainly. They know how Jesus died for them as well a as if they saw Him hanging on the cross. The justice of God demands their death; Jesus was appointed to pay the penalty; His sacrifice was accepted, and they are saved. Their inward history might be exhausted by piecing together some eight or ten lines of some evangelistic hymns. All is as clear as daylight to them. When they reflect that the risen Saviour is -pleading their cause with 'God; they'know that they have no cause for doubt. They are entircey thankful, and they: can say with complete honesty' and simplicity that He is their Lord and their God. So in regard to the wiser ways of God. They quite understand that He made the world as a builder makes a house. If they are not quite sure about the six days of creation the argument from design is quite sufficient to convince them; or they make themselves easy by the notion that a day does not mean a day, but a great many thousand years. If they see cattle eating grass, they think that they have a wonderful proof of God's fatherly care for o.xen. The condition of oxen in winter, the severity of the weather, and its effect upon their condi tion, does not cause them any difficulty. In their own case they can trace God's care quite easily. They have had no great troubles since they were converted. If they have suffered sometimes, they knew they were being punished. They see God's hand so clearly everywhere that it would be wicked of them to dis trust Him. Or, take this particular fact, which Thomas doubted at first, that Jesus rose from the dead. Although they have not actually seen Him, the proof is as distinct to them as if it came by sight. They have read in one gospel that He was seen by so many men; in another, that He was seen by so many more; in the Acts, that others saw Him; and in the Epistles, that Paul saw Him. Is not all quite clear?. The Bible s in spired, and the Bible records these facts. Where is the difficulty? They see these things distinctly, and therefore they be lieve them. I do not mean to speak slightingly of such people, for they have reached the truth. The Christian Church is full of men and women who are well assured of their own salvation, and are honestly amazed to hear the doubts which others express. Only let us not forget that their faith is the faith of Thomas. It has no venture in it-no uncertainty. It triumphs because God is kInd and con descending, giving matter-of-fact people the sort of proof that will convince them. and dealing with them in the way that suits them. The homage and obedience which they proffer He receives as His right, for lie is in truth their Lord and their God. But, even in accepting the tribute which Thomas paid, Jesus spoke to him of another kind of faith-or, rather, as I have said, of another road to faith. "'Blessed are they that have not seen. and yet have believed." THE DIFFICULTIES OF DOUBTERS. Now. although no personal example is given us in this passage, it is not hard to understand what Jesus means. He is speaking of those who have -an exactly opposite experience to that of Thomas. They wish for. proof. They know the very kind of proof that would convince them and satisfy them, but they do not receive it. "Jesus does not qome and stand before them; still, they believe. Let us take the same examples as be fore-the atonement, the creation, and the ways of God in providence. They find it very difficult to believe in the atonement. They cannot see that an other person could bear the punishment which they deserve, and free them from condemnation. It seems as if everyone must bear his own burden, pay his own penalty. They are astonished at the thiought that sin could be expiated before it was committed. They cannot prove such things by argument, and they see flaws in the arguments used by others. Yet they know their sins, and feel the burden of them. They have learned from the Gospel story to honor Jesus, and with that strange response which God's love alone awakens in the heart, they leap to a conclusion whi!ch the mind can not justify. They make a bold adven ture into the unknown, and without see ing the truth they believe. it, resting upon Jesus for salvation as He is offered to them, in the Gospels.' Similarly, when they hear the record of the science of nature, and learn how the fabric of the universe has unfolded itself through hundreds and thousands of years, growing out of a shapeless mass into developed life by steady Iron1 laws, which pay no more heed to our souls than to the trees and plants, the whole belief of their early childhood vanishes like a fairy tale. Then, when they walk among the hills and fields, when they look up to the stars at night when they have the company of the memory of God's saints, a. whisper reaches them from the world of life and death, and they are able without for mality or double meaning to worship Him who made the earth and heaven Sand breathes into man a living soul It is the same with their belief in provi dence. Some people are unable to tract God's finger in their lives. They have not had pains and pleasure in proportion. to their unbelief and faith. They can look back upon long years of prosperity. Swhen the heart was far from God, anm sometimes, when they have been doing their very best, a blow has brought themn to the dust. Perhaps. in their own circl they have seen the wicked spreading like the green bay tree, while the gentle and saintly are struggling beneath bur dens that seem to be intolerable. Instead of being moved to say. "'Thou hast beset me behind and before, and laid Thint hand upon me." they are apt to cry, "': look backward and Hie was not there, and in front, and I could not see Him. Hatt the Lord forgotten to be gracious?" Stil with instinctive trust they seek for God In heart, if not in mind, they have the substance of things hoped for, the evi dence of things not seen. They will not give up the thought that He governs the Sworld and cares for them. They will rather stumble onwards for a time in hope of reaching light. tlhan believe that the darkness is eternal. Anything, they- feel better than that. than a world without a God, a soul without a destiny, a hunger - for which there is no food. And so though they cannot see God's face, though they cannot trace Ills handl. they join the ser- - ried ranks of thi~e lwho ha\ve not seen and yet have blel\'ved, In this mood oe mind nod heart they will not seek for proof in the spirit of Thomas. They will accept very mteekly what is given them by the way--a word, a swift thought, . dream of the night. thle singing of an old hymn. a good man's voice, the recollee ltion of a Christian friend-these crumbs falling from the table of the children must servl' th,-m for food. CItRIST'S ESTIMATE OF FAITH. Now it is instructive to observe the es tim:tte which Jesus here expresses of sud:l. faith, so different from the estimate which is made of it by men. It is often depreciated and condemned by those who hIave gained a nearer and clearer view. Tile man wrho can do anything easily fre quently despises those who find it diffi cult. Among children you will find a boy who can run quickly laughing at those, who are slow of foot. Among men, the ready speaker will despise the slow of tonguc. A musician who can read music easily feels his superiority to those who blunder through an air. Men who are sharp at business and active in making bargains have a quiet contempt for those I who hesitate and are always afraid of making mistakes. This is the natural course of human judgment and compas dion, and Christians frequently apply it to the judgments they pass upon faith. Those who can easily accept revealed doc trines assume an air of superiority. They ascribe all doubts to the devil, and speak of them as cobwebs which an active ser vant would remove at once. They do not care for thought or argument about rell gion. Plain truth, plainly stated, given to them, in the apostle's language, as we 1 give food.to infants, is the only nourish ment on which their souls can live. They are never happier than when some super ficial person, or book, or sermon, puts the whole thing, as they say, into a nut shell, and suggests to them that every one who accepts a few ideas and facts which will.not go.into the nutshell is either a poor scatterbrain or a wilful i sceptic. If they are charitable they say that doubt and hesitation and vagueness in religion are real misfortunes. To them seeing is believing, and they cannot ima gine any worthy faith which is without precision and certainty and assurance. Th4t is the human standard, but . the comparison which Jesus here makes con tradicts itpoint for point. "Blessed, ' He says, "are those who have not seen. and yet believe." Blessed is the man" that can dispense with proof. Blessed. is the heart that turns to a half-seen Sa viour. Blessed are they who, in their' perplexity, guide their lives by the law of Jesus, without full understanding of the doctrine. It is not true that the ldtalt Christian sees everything clearly, and, is entirely happy in his faith. It is not true that doubts and difficulties are the devil's work. They arise sometimes in the effort of a mortal spirit to put on im mortality. They come most largely to those who take the widest view, who know the infinite to be In finite, and the mysterious to be a mystery. They are strongest in those whom Christ loves most, for. like a wise teacher, He gives His best pupils the hardest lessons, and keeps the simple tasks for simple minds. Before we close, then, let me ask why Jesus approved of such faith. We shaltl take the answers which these considera tions have presented. Two kinds of faitha are mentioned, faith that is based on truth, and faith that can dispense with proof? "Why does Jesus give his bles sing to the latter? One answer we have already given implicitly; because it la r.ot approved by men. It does not satisfy the common standard, and is blamed by. many people, therefore Jesus removes the reproach. Just as He told His poor disciples, and His persecuted dis 'ciples, -and His'mourning disciples,- that. they were blessed because eye eye did not see, nor did ear hear their blessedness; in the same spirit He blesses those who are struggling in their faith. A man who understands all about re mission and creation and providence does not need to be told that he is blessed, for he can stand up with a bright smiling face and declare that he has found peace. and invite others to became even, as he is. There is a premium upon his position in the religious world. No need for Christ to tell such a man that he is blessed. But a bewillered man, clinging to a cross of which he scarcely knows more than that it is a cross; a distressed man, trying to face cares which he cannot fathom, but thinks sometimes that God's curse rests upon him, needs encouragement, and Christ with His own wonderful sympathy, gives him what he needs. Another reason why Christ .gives a blessing to such people is this. Their faith costs them an effort. He loves those who go through fire and water for His sake. If it is easy for you to believe, why, then it is easy. There the matter ends. If you see no difficulties, then there are none for you to overcome. You may be thankful that the goal is won, but you need not expect a prize. If you have fought hard, however, to maintain your belief, faced one doubt after another; met obstacles, but gone on bravely, not wavering or despairing, holding on to the last, then you have been a good soldier, of Jesus Christ. There has been a strug gle which Christ will reward, and He gives His followers more than they de serve. One other thought will explain these words still more clearly. Faith of this kind is the most complete and thorough. All faith is incomplete that is the confes sion of our want of knowledge and our need for help. but the most complete faith is that which lifts the whole nature, vibrates the whole man, which is felt at heart, and shown in action. When faith begins with the easy acceptance of some statements, or from admitting certain arguments, there is danger that it ends there; but when one is guided upwards by a wish for higher life and help, when the spirit is crying out for a living God. and when the yearning is so strong that we are willing to dispense with proof, and to reach out our inward hand humbly to take a gift from God, there is very little danger that any part of our life. escapes from our religion. We cannot take the mind and leave the heart in sin;' nor can we take these two and leave the conduct of our daily life, and that complete sacri fice in what has value before God. 'If God had wanted clear convictions from us, He would have given us shorter wits and stronger proof. If Christ had wished our hearts to gush volubly in our wor ship, He would be seen in all His beauty in every assembly of saints. He wishes rather to have the whole man of us rising steadily towards Himself. It is .not doubt that distresses Him, but doubt victorious and leading into sin. "To be lieve," a wise man has said, "not because we are intelligent and can argue, not be cause we are learned and know many things, not because it is pleasant for us to think we are safe, but because there is something in us that makes us feel that light is light and worth follow ing, and truth is truth and worth behold ing: that is the blessed faith." So moving through the darkness, . We plainly hear His call., . Seeing,. hearing nothing, Hoping, trusting all. ' 