THE HERESY CHARGE. '' rt «t REPORT BY Tno COMMITTEE OF TIIE I'.llESBYTERY. STRONG CRITICISMS ON THE REV. S. , ... H. FERGUSON'S BOOK. THE AUTHOR'S REJOINDER. FURTHER. PROCEDURE BY. TIIE rRES- , . ! ' BYTERY. "t, , A. .. .i-V " » CilJ' I. FORMAL PROSECUTION' ORDERED. ' '> -1 "4 ' r I MR.' FERGUSON SUSPENDED FROM :hM< c. , 'OFFICE. J At the ..montblivmcctlng; of theirresbytory:::«,l.«g l of/.Melbourne North, held .yesterday afteiv. ' .-i'!,i| noon i In the Assembly Hull; I he committee /-ja/ appointed to consider the Rev. S. IIi Forgu- / // son's book "Spiritual Law Throueb - the : " Natural AVorld," . and "to confer : m'lth1 tlio ' . natter. The Rev. A\'. M. M. Alexander, the 1 "- .' Moderator, presided, nud there u-as a " large - attendance of members, while tlie body ' of . the hall mns well filled by nil expectant "con- . grcgntlon," consisting mnliity of ladles. . , . / Tho Rev. J. Mntliow.rend Hie report, m-lilcli / opened -with the stateiuout that llie .commit- .-' " toe had held five meetings, at the second and , / third of m'hicli long and friendly conferences u'ero hold m iLli the Rev. S. II. Ferguson, with "the. Intention of obtaining a clearer statement of his vieu-s, nud of showing him - . his. errors by comparing his. teaching.: wUh/; that of the standards of the church and the / ', " Holy Scriptures, i - :/: / ... // TIIE BOOK EXAMINED. The report continued:— . ics; . Part of tho dftty of the committee m'ns to examine llie -Rev. S. H. Feigu/cin's book. .; Tills tliey have carefully done. It Is deeply- . -/: : I to be regretted that a. minister In the service - v | of the Presbyterian Church should have been ' so rash nnd Ul-ndriscd as to publish such a work, disfigured by travesties and misrepre- sentations of the formulated doctrines of. the (// 1 church staiidnrils;nud offensive attacks upon doctrines dearly cherished h.v the universal Christian Church. Tho doctrine of the 'L'ri- - , nlty; -which It espouses, - Is a form of 'that ' " known as tlie SahGlliau, m'hicli has been be- . v . fore tho : Christian Church anil consistently rejected and denounced for 1U00 years. The : v> teaching of the book Is Swcdenborghiu, m'ith - - this remarkable exception — tlint he outdoes : ' , some avowed Swcdcnborginns themselves In ... denying that our Lord's material body. over a .1'. lose or. came forth from tho tomb— a position which is not held by all Swodeuborglnns. - .,.« The writer ntl!ects to bo selentihe, philo- / i sophleal. and Scriptural.- One sentence will I show the groundlessness of his claim to : speak in the name of sclciiec. On page Oti tic says; "Statics and dynamics arc both rent / forces, and arc as- indestructible as matter itself.". The confusion of selentihe truth here will. be obvious to anyone ivho knoMs the ;/ riidinients of science. The book shows not . , tlio slightest, trace oft tho.- Influence of any other philosophy than tho fantastic specula- - lions of Swedcnborg. In Mr. Ferguson's book' /.. there Is no Indication of the writer having any acquaintance with recent theological :: MbWillVUika J.-UL ItUUl Uglily UllglUlllf IIIV UUVIA . Is largely a clumsy patchwork of secondhand - materials . culled from Surodenborglau . sources.' The writer's model appears to be a / course of six lectures delivered ut,Brlghton, Englaud, by the Rev; Dr. Bnylcy, and pub- 1 lished for tho Missionary and Tract Society - . i of the Su'odenborgian Church nt the price . I of 1/. Tbe subjects of Dr. Bayley's lectures M'ore — How to Tlilnk of tbe Divine Trinity and Unity; Tho Atonement, or Rceonellla- : tlon: Death and Resurrection; On the Christian Life; Judgment — Individual and . General, and The Second Coming of The/;.'!', Lord. Tho presbytery m'ouhl lie surprised ... if parallel passages u'ero read from Dr. Bay- - . \ lev's lectures and Air. Ferguson's hook. .AA'c'tif! .seem to hear Dr. Bnyloy echoed: over anil . I over again. . . M r.' Ferguson lias oven ./ GQUUGat'CllUCU LU illlQ|lb 4-fl. UUj IL7.D. liliai;.;'. etymology of the word "atonement." Dr. Bayley's lectures and another SAvedeuborglan /vv, shilling booklet entitled Things New. and ' . Old, contain the gist of the greater part of- Mr. Ferguson's hook. There Is this difference...'- : betlveon/Mr. Ferguson's book: und thatrof avowed SM'cdcnborgians — the ultimate ten dency of this hook is thinly /disguised; llie Swell en borginns frankly declare tlic essence - of their teaching. If a professed - Sweden- /' Ijorgliiu had published this bookit would only -have been regarded as a slovenly Imitation ? and to a huge extent 1111 abstract of Dr. ;; Bavlcy's 'lcetures; it ' would have attraeted 110 attention, and would have commanded no. . sale. It Is the eiirioius and astounding, clr-: t cmnstance that the author of this Snellen- : : borglan volume Is a Presbyterian minister , I which has advertised Mr. Ferguson's book / anil made It saleable. AV'liilo recognising that I lie book abounds in minor errors and gratuitous assumptions without scripture basis, 011 tlie doctrines of 'creation, the spiritual u'orhl, the constitution - of human nature, &c.;, m'e euiieludcd that, it m'ould be best to fix attention upon tho erro-. .. neons teaching of All-. Ferguson > on those grand doctrines which the Christian experi- ence of ages has proved to he vital and fun damental, viz., the resurrection of our Lord, . llie Trinity, the atonement, and justification bv,. fnltli. O11 these doctrines llie. teaching . tot" Ml'. Ferguson's book Is in harmony M'lth tho Su'odoiiborgian svslem, ami or posjil alike / to the doctrines of the Hol.v Scriptures aud. the standards of the Presbyterian Church.: v - ; TRAVESTIES AND AtlSREI'EsENTA- 'L'lGNS. It is vain for Air. Ferguson to slate Hint Ills object. was mainly to expose and correct- popular misconceptions. Tho hook Is ili- rei'.tcd mainly .against trainers of . creed c and confessions mill teachers of formulated iloc-/ triiics, u'hom lie conslanlly stigmatises ns 1 dogma tisls. He has travestied the Christian doctrine of the Trinity by ignoring llie. Ilioo- . logical ineiinhig ill fuelling to "person'.', Ii) (Jlu'l'stlaii creeds ami catechisms, anil has re- prerenteil tlie Christian Church as believing ami teaching thai: "person" menus 1111 Indi vidual of a spoeies. "F111II1 as described by. the. dogmatists is a blind belief." So 'Air. ' Ferguson says. Tills is an absolute misre presentation of the doctrine of saving Inltlt as presented In t'lie standards ut the l'rusby !' loriiiu Church. ON THE RESURRECTION OF OUR LORD. The teaching of Mr. Ferguson upon , the. ! : resurrection ot our Lord is clour and definite; - and consistent u'llli bu'odeiihorgliui psvelio- / logy ami the theory or a spiritual hudv. He ... I teaches that a spiritual body pervnileil our . Lord s material bod.v In -all parts during Ills earthly lite: that: when our Lord -expired on - llie cross tho spiritual body- m-iis detached from the material Imd.v, and that at- that I moment his true resurrection took place: llmt the body laid in llie tomb m-iis dissolved 11 fid disintegrated and never rose again: thai. Christ rose from the dead In the sense that Ills spiritual bnilv came from thu spiritual m'orlil. nud u'iis manifested to His disciples the third day after 111:: crucifixion.: The committee maintains that sueli an explana tion of the resurrect ion was- contradictory: alike to the teachings of llie standards of the- Presbyterian Church and the explicit state- - incuts ot Holy Scripture. \ / / : TIIE TRINITY Air. Ferguson's hook teaches . that the / Trinity is constituted by three subsisteuei;.'.' or characters — (1) Love. (2) AVIsdom, iiiul.(3,: Influence, Power or Energy, corresponding / to the terms ot tho New Testament' (tv: Father. (21 Son. ami (3) Holy Spirit. 4lt>af. firms, the eternity ot the three subsistences; hut denies that the relationship of: Father 1 and Sou existed until Jesus- was horn , of Murv. It touches that the divinity. In Christ;' is (he Father, and that the hnmnu nature : of Christ Is the Sou: also that when 1 the : Father addresses the Son It Is the Divinity z addressing the humanity, and when 'the Son . ; prays, to the Father It is the, humanity rati-'.' dressing the divinity within Christ. \ The I glorifying of Christ it explains as tho.gnid-..1 ntil conversion of Ills human nature lulo.llio dlrinc nature. Jesus Christ is Identified u'ltli tlic Jioiy Mpiru. ; . : z/r Air. Fergusons leaching Is exncllv Suc-'.. dciihorginn. In his hook he takes the term subsistence, as applied to. the Godhead; to , bo synonymous uTtb tho lorni : chnrncteiv. ' and these terms again are used as Identical;: M'lth attribute or quality, llenoe, according!': to this book, the Trinity consists ot (lb l'lfu;, attribute Love. (2) tlio attribute AVisdom.'ifS/'j Love and AA'lsilom actively exercised. Nowfc sueli a conception of .the Trinity rentiers' fictitious (lie relationships declared ill - I lie New Teslauieiit. to subsist lictwcqii . llio ; Father, B011 and Holy Ghost.- and the com- mlttce holds that, it Is contradictory linth la the standards of the Presbyterian Church aud the Holy Scriptures. . . THE ATONEMENT;- . Air. Ferguson's theory of the Trinllv.iloml-: nates his theory of the Atonement: nnil natu rally, deprives the death of/Chrlsr of. any , God- ward reference. , Mr. Ferguson HOlrms lliat Christ's death to vindicate divine righteousness would put mercy out o£ ac count. 'J he Jewish sacrifices, lie tenches, had no substitutionary or atoning value. Mr. > orguson is confused about the significance of the word "guilt," and the Christian con ception of the Scripture statement that Christ "bore our sins." He offers for this pliraso the utterly inadequate and unsatis factory explanation that He bore our sins when His enemies vented their sinful pns- isions upon him at His crucifixion. Mr. Fer guson absolutely ignores the classical sense of the word "propitiation," as applied to Our Lord with reference to His death. The most remarkable feature about Mr. Fer guson's teaching on the Atonement Is its ue- gnlivc character. Ho admits that our Lord's death was a sacrifice for sinners, hut he docs not show how it was effective or how sin- nets could derive any benefit from it, other than that of a good example. . Christ's death, according to him, was not substitu tionary, not propitiatory. His explanation of tho saving work of Christ is (1) that He offered up a sacrifice iu the way that a man would offer up his talents and his time, his affections, his whole body, soul and spirit to tho Lord, as his reasonable service; (2) Christ's salvation Is applied to a man and he is saved, when through communion with Christ he renounces every sin and fulfils tho great law, "Thou Shalt love God with all tliiue heart, aud thy neighbor as thyself." There is an element of truth in Mr. Fergu son's positive statements about the moaulug of our Lord's death, but they no more corres pouil to tho Scriptural statements regaTdiug the necessity of our Lord's death, its pur pose, significance and efficacy, than a bucket of water corresponds to tho oconn. The con fused teaching of Mr. Ferguson's hoolt - .on this subject is Swedenborgianlsm unskilfully expressed, but it is neither the teaching ot the standards of the I'resbyterJan Church nor of the Holy Scriptures. JUSTIFICATION BY FAITH. Mr. Ferguson's hook contradicts the teach ing of tlie confession of faith in regard to . the doctrine of justification in the following particulars:— He confidently affirms that iu Scripture "to justify" means to make jut, Whereas the most competent scholars in Biblical Groefl assert, like Professor Snnday, that In the New Testament to justify has never any . other meaning, .than, to declare just, as In the maimer of a judge pronounc ing acquittal. Mr. Ferguson denies that there is any Imputation of righteousness. He nfilrins that only the man who acts justly is justified. He even calls St: Paul to account because the apostle puts an Interpretation upon the two first verses of the. 23rd Psalm which sir. Ferguson does uot approve. St. . Paul says that Daviid "described. the blessed ness of the man in whom ' God imputeth righteousness without works.'.' :Thls apos tolic explanation does not tally with Mr. Ferguson's opinion, therefore- he charges the apostle with misquoting, condoning the of fence to' some extent by saying, "He prob ably did not willingly misquote." This is cither ignorance or carelessness, inasmuch as the apostle was uot quoting at all. Theu Mr. Ferguson's description of saving faith is curious. While misrepresenting the teach ings of our standards about faith aJoue, as if that meant a mere assent to propositions, which it does not, 'Tie describes saving faith as belief In the holy, qualities that make. up the character of Jesus. He transfers the ob ject of faith from tho person of Christ to the qualities of his character. This is in har mony with the views of the Rev. Dr. Bayley, the Swedenborgian lecturer and Mr. Fergu son's exemplar, hut it is in opposition to the standards of the Presbyterian .Church and to the doctrines of Holy Scripture. THE RESURRECTION. Mr. Ferguson altered Ills statement with regard to the Trinity and resurrection to read that "his, teaching was not in accord ance with the letter of the Confession of Fair, but with its spirit."' The committee, however,. fulled to soe that Mr. Ferguson's teaching is in harmony .with; the spirit, any more than with tho letter; of the confession. Nor docs tlie committee admit that a minis ter subscribing' to the Confession is eutitled t o take refuge- in the distinction between the letter. -and the spirit -of the symbol. . . . SUr. I ergusou ignores our Lord's own pre dietious.. , . CONCLUSION. The report couciuded:-"The faqt that Mr. I- ei-gnson professes to (accept all the Now J estaiiient statements on the great truths iu question might form a ground of hope for tils coming to a more Scriptural position, If it Were not that lie accepts the Scriptural stato- incnts only after he lias emptied them of their natural sense, und forced upon them a Nweilcnborghiu meaning. The misuse of words must be guarded against, aud, unless ? tll0;(hmti'ai'y, tlie presbytery must ciedjt lum -with. usiug, Scripture language ac- tion Sii'c.fiffntiorgiau interpreta- PF ,' COMMENT. | \- ;; F?Si?suli! who. was present during the reading. of the report, asked that anyone who desired to aild anything to it ptiould do so, as he wished to suy something .immediately. ' .The. .Moderator; The report is complete, jind I now ask ' Mr. Ferguson to state jvhether he admits .this charge .of unsound doctrine, which is contained in -the docu ment just .read. -I, think It only requites a categorical answer--Yes or No. , l'- Ferguson: I-. will, not answer that question categorically, but— .The Moderator: Please he seated, sir. The presbytery has .the right to know how Mr. Ferguson pleads, hs an accused (person, for if he denies the .charge other action will be necessary. , . Mr. Fergusou: I refuse to, give a categori cal answer at this; point, but I' have pre pared an answer,; and the .presbytery will have no difficulty in drawing.- their conclu- . slous when they have heard what I have to ' say. , The Rev. A. Yule: This is a report that the presbytery .has not yet approved, aud therefore Mr. Ferguson Is at liberty to make any remarks lie chopses upon it. ' - 1 The Rev. Dr.' Marshall: I think so, too. Mr. Ferguson should .have tlie opportunity of correcting any misrepresentations that Jikf1 ."ay Possibly exist, in the report, aud 'after- . wards he will have to say, liow he answers to tho charge. The ltov. J. Gibson/said, with the view that Mr. Fergusou might be in order, he 'would move that the i'cpqrt be received. Tho Iiov. D. M'Kenzie seconded the mo tion, which was agreed to. MR. FERGUSON'S;. STATEMENT. The Re\% S. H. . Ferguson proceeded to . make an exhaustive statement. He remarked . -v at the outset that on the various occasions he hud conferred with the committee he had been treated with patlende aud In n kindly and brotherly spirit. One of the .members hail observed, to him- that- although actuated by tiiat spirit lie had no sympathy with his (Mr. . Ferguson's) opinions,- and similarly he himself had no sympathy- with, the commit-, tee's report. When one person stood in the midst of a dozen. or more theological experts and they put questions to hiin ho would re- qulio to be a walking oncycioptodia to give impromptu answers, while it would be sur prising if one individual could put a whole committee Into a difficulty from which some of their numtiei-jtoo'ild tmt marnige to ni-not them. He held 'that the committee did not "corner" or hem him in very much in auy position he took up iu the arguments, and any fair-minded man would say that they had had difficulty, to say the least of it, to answer some of his questions. A mutter which ought to be cleared up was that iu connection with the church organ, the "Pres byterian Monthly," which, while the charce against him was still sub.judice, had In bad taste wilfully ignored the accepted rule in that regard, and had unfairly misrepresented his book, so that persons who had not read it would be prejudiced against him as having written things he had never done. He pro ceeded to quote from the journal mentioned, and in reply to certain statements made therein, said ' that Professor Harper, who, he presumed, was tho writer of tho article he complained of, suggested that he (Mr. 'Ferguson) should 'have resigned lils minis terial position when he found he did not be lieve iu some of the standards of the church. iWhat would have been the result in that ease? continued tho speaker. He would have been ousted from the church very quickly, aud very quietly too. Then he might have at tacked the ehureli from tho outside, but hud anyone over known a church reformed except from the inside? The only method he could follow was to remain Inside tho church and briug his objections against Its standards In- a way to which the church would listen. .iWheu lie signed those stuudards ho 6igncd what he believed to be the truth of God, without regard to tho particular form iu which the expression of that belief was contained, lie was like the captain of a ship who in mid-ocean found that his chart was faulty, and that to follow it would lead to shipwreck and ruin. AVas he to make his escape to some passing vessel and leave the ship and its passengers to go to their de struction? As a brave and true man he would stand by them aud do his best in tbe clrcimi- stauccs, aud lie (Mr. Ferguson) stood to bis congregation in tlie relation of a spiritual captain, and must do his duty in guiding them to a haven of eternal rest. There was even the example of tlie Lord Himself. Christ, when lie preached doctrines which were utterly contrary to and subversive of those of tlie church of Judca, and heretical In the eyes of Its teachers, refused to be silenced nnd to "resign" when he encoun tered opposition, hut continued to spenk in tho Temple and synagogue, iu public nnd private. The Rev. A. Yule rose to object to Mr. Ferguson's remark as to Christ's teaching having been "heretical." The Moderator: Yes; 1 think Mr. Fer guson lias carried this far enough. Several members: Oh, let him go on. Mr. Yule: It is the word ho used that I object (o. Mr. Ferguson: I repeat that the totalling was thoroughly heretical to the Jewish Church. The Moderator: This Is no. part of the statement Air. Ferguson r.ose to make. Tlie Rev. D. M'Kcnzie: Certainly, Mr. Fer guson might adopt a more reverent tone of voice, at least. Mr. Ferguson: Reverence does not mean a whining tone of voice. ' (Interruption.) Continuing, Mr. Ferguson said that al though he had been ordained by tho Presby terian Church In Scotland, the laying on of hands would not alone have made him a minister; if he had not been ordained by God himself lie would never have been a preach er of the gospel. Although lie was charged with heresy, he had never, either directly or indirectly, induced anyone to leave the ehureh, hut, on the contrary, be liad asked the hoard of management at Northcote not to give up their office even if he were "put out." He had been entirely misrepresented on this point. Passing on to deal with the attack- on his hook, he observed that the "tremendous storm" which it had caused bad' surprised lilui, and if it would be any consolation to those to whom it had been a source of trouble and vexation, "he was will ing that there should not he a second edi tion of the publication, however gTeat the de mand for it might be. In fairness he would ask tlie Presbytery -to consider his side of the questions touched upon in the 'report; and he proceeded lo deal with them seriatim. He sn'id that 'he was quite in accordance with tbe stuudards of the ehureh In regard , to the Trinity, and no church would- push matters further than what ho had stated was bis belief on tho subject, although it was true it was hard to say how far- a church ' would push things nowadays, seeing that one ot them could act as one man would not do to another.- The Rev. W. L. AVedr; Could you not re frain from sarcasm in making your state ment? Mr. Ferguson: You don't .require to stay thv ) CUrt 'f rU arG UOt pIeased (kaugli- Resumlng, Mr. Ferguson' said thati with regard- to the -doctrine of the resurrection of the body, he would not cbnuge his mind upon that for anything the presbytery might do to him. Before the committee he' had put this question: In -what sense can the blame, the sin or tbe punishment that is ours, he transferred from us to) Christ? The answer hp received was simply: "Wo don't know." Then, if they didn't know,' and could not ex plain this vital point in their salvation, tbey could uot preach auy dogma ou the subject. The position the committee took up with reference to hinv was this: So, far as you differ' from us you are wrong. They were the standard of ivlint was truth and what was error. , There was no need to denounce a man if; they could overthrow his argu- ments. He had not plagiarised from Sweden- borg, but ho might remark that Swodenborg was ooe of the most wonderful men tbnt ever lived; and, although people might not agree with his doctrines, tbey had never been able to refute them. AVblle Mr. Ferguson was proceeding, the Rev. A. Stewart interjected that he bad made' scores of misstatements during his address. The Moderator: It Is a wonder to me how the -committee have been able to sit still. The greatest latitude is being allowed to Mr. Ferguson to say what' ho pleases. Mr. Ferguson: I have not wilfully 'misre presented' the committed in any way7- I might speak much longer, hut. I don't sup pose it will do much good. All I can say'ls that I am very sorry that I have caused this trouble and strife within the wnlls of the ehureh. But it good comes of it I will re joice; if evil comes of it no oiie will he more sorry thuu myself. Now, I leave It in' the .hands of the Presbytery to say what they think best on tlie subject. The Moderator: Now I will repeat the question.' Do you admit tlio charge, con tained in the report, of unsound doctrine, according to the standards of our church? Mr. Ferguson:, No. I admit that I have departed from .the letter, but from the Inner meaning of the truth and from the supreme stanHards of this. church I have not departed In 13io sllghtetst degree. -The Moderator: Then lu effect you plead not. guilty. ..... ; . The Rev. S. G. M'Lnrcn said that as : Mr. Ferguson would be allowed another oppor tunity later of making bis defence, .he would. propose .a motion in .-order to bring matters to a point. It was within the province of the Presbytery to decide summarily on the ease, hut -he favored au adjournment hclug made. . THE FINDING. After' considerable deliberation as to the wording of the resolution, it wns made to road , us follows, aud was moved .by Mr, M'Laren , The Presbytery, in 'accordance with the re port of their committee, find, that the. Rev. S. H. Ferguson, of Northcote, Is charged with unsoundness of doctrine on the car dinal doctrines of the Trinity, tlie resurrec tion of Christ, the atonement and Justifica tion by faitli and that the charge Is appar ently well -substantiated; the unsound doe- trine being, according to tho report of the Presbytery's committee, set forth in! Mr. Ferguson's hook, entitled "Splrltunl Law Through the Natural "World," to which, ex cept, on tho point of tho eternal .sonship of Christ, he still declares his adherence. Tho Presbytery resolve- that- action 'Jn the case shall be continued by judicial process, with libel; appoint the Rev. D. S. M'Enchrnn and ,T. Matthew, M. A., B.D., to net as prosecu tors; convene a- special meeting of tbe pres bytery, to be held on ISth Inst, at 3 p.in„ and ask the prosecutors to produce the . libel at that meeting; further. In accordance with the laws of tlie church,- declare that Mr. Fer guson Is hereby suspended from office. The mover remarked that Mr. Ferguson, in hls bbok, had not come forward as a daring and original thinker; but had brought for-, ward views similar to, those of Swedenborg, which, so fur-as influence upon current life and- thought was concerned, were utterly dead. (Iloar, bear.) Were they going to have these discarded nostrums preached In a Presbyterian church?. The creed of the Presbyterian Church , of Victoria .was one rot the most free in Christendom, and in misre presenting it Mr. Ferguson had set up fig ments of his own imagination, and then pro ceeded to knock tliom down. In arraigning Mr. Ferguson, it should be stated, Mr. D. S. M'Euqliran had not come forward of his own accord,. but only because his brethren asked him to do so had he accepted an invidious position. (Hear, hear.) Tho Rev. A. Yule seconded the motion. He said that -Mr. Ferguson had used as, an illustration of his own position the case' of a captain finding when in mid ocean tbnt his chart was wrong; but it might bo that the captain himself was wrong, having been UL-uiing with things that he .had better left alone. (Laughter.) If that captain had made for some other port than tho one to which he was under orders to sail, tho sooner ho was overtakeu by ills owners the better. (Laughter nnd applause.) A discussion took place with regard to the advisability. of prosecuting with or without "libel," tho Iters. Dr. M'Donuld, T. AV. M'Gregor, J. Bennie, D. S. M'Enchi;nn, D. M. Stewart anil Dr. Marshall taking part, and during the protrneted debate tho Rev. S. II. Ferguson took ills departure from tlie building, while the mujority of tho visitors aiso left. The Itev. A. Stewart suggested that the Presbytery should ask Mr. Ferguson to withdraw his book from circulation, but the proposal was not followed up. Eventually the motion wns carried unani mously, and after the Rev. D. M'Kenzic had been appointed interim moderator to de cide as" to' what minister should fill Mr. Fer guson's pulpit at Northcote on tlie ensuing Sunday, the Presbytery adjourned, after a sitting extending over nearly five hours. . 