RELIGIOUS. Christ Church, North Adelaide.— On Suii day Mjccial t,crvicc« were bold in Christ Ciiurch in connection with the jubilee i-t the C'burvh. In the lnorniuir. alter the tinn ing ot the professional hymn, a short dci!i catios Kcrvive was held, when the various jubilee gifts that had beer, presented wcie dedicated. The Dean then unveiled tin; two new window* in the chancel— 'Tho Good Shepherd' and 'The Light of tho World. One had been presented b/ ' grateful parirfiionors,' the other hy tho.w married in the Church. The following gifts were also dedicated:— The new ornaiucnt.il front of the organ, and two new «loj-s presented by the congregation; prayer books and Bible presented hy those con tinued in the Church; a set of white mar ker?, beautifully worked', nnd a pair of bra»M vases for .the altar, each pre sented by members of the . congregation. After the dedication of the gitu matins were nid, and an eloquent addrci* was de lirercd by the Rev. Percy Wjse, Rector of OrafetT, from the text Phil, iii., L3, U—''Ue careth for you.' The Chnrcri was beautifully decorated with roses and other lovely flowers. The congre gation wa« large, ami after tha ser vice many lingered in the old Churrh to admire thp additions to its beauty. Tn die afternoon » special service was held for children, when a brass ewer for the font was dedicated. The ewer, which is very handsome, was presented by eperial nQVr ingx from tho-e baptized in the Church and from the Sunday-echoo! children. The Rev. Percy Wine took as his text 1 Cor. vi. 13, and the little ones all lisrenrd m-vt attentively ny he gave a history of the zrowtn of LnnM, Uburon, and told them how God's work here was never fiuished. because there M-as always something rtiat could be made more beautiful. Their bodies were, likn Churches., lempjc* of tbc IJoly Ghost. Tlie evrninir icrvi-M was n^ain numerously attended. The f!cv. P. VV. Wiw gave a stirring sermon. Th« musical part of the rervW was h^arti'y reurlercd by the choir, under Mr. Wnllai-o Pecker, ors.inist and dioirmastcr. The Y.M.C.A.— The ISM series of meet inj.'R on Sunday afternoons, held nt tin; Y.M.C.A.. and known as Hie 'Men's Own,' which have been exceptionally sue CMfful thj.- yMrl;wcTe'^ir6tfghClT-'f eon chijrion jwterday. The ? Rev. ' A.- \V. Wei lingtnii, himsrlf a capital cricketer, addres sed a large liumlvr-of athl»tes nnd others on the suhj«-ct'Toung Men and Siuirt.' It was a fine effort, and the oncikcr w.u entlui^iastieally received throughout. At the clo-.p, the men, responding hwrtily to a suggestion, asked Mr. Virgo to thank nil the f-prnkern for the year, nnrl also Mr. L. W. Yonim. who by his splendid orgim n-ci}al- lias added much to the enjoyment of this mrctings. -Mr. T. E. ' Powell con ducted a ttihle-reading at 4.30, r.nrl a,''M.nn aemec' was lield at ' tlie Theairo lioyn I afterwards. This cveniug. M^1. A; S: Dc venifh, 1!.A., ivill conduct a. meeting for young men at the Y3I.C:A. Parlour. - Unley Wesleyan Church. — In connection with the Sabbath-school, the Young La dies' Cteff, under the guidance of their teacher, Mrs. Dobbie, decided about three years ago to work and obtain funds for the erection of a clansroom for their own u* . Two wles of goodfi were held, with the re sult 'that sufficient fund* vrcrc tveured to pay for the erection and furnishing of .1 urge .ind .convenient room. Tjic. opening wiu- celebrated on Friday evening last, when the Young I/idie;-' Clnss invited tho tffHcers an«l ieacKers and wlecl 'cKi^svi. 10 i-c- ioicc with them in the Mirctwof their feneme. There was a good attendance. The Rev. W. A. Langsforri expressed gra titude on behalf of Jhc Tmstces'' for' iliis welcome, addition to the already valuable profiertv, and handed tbe key to Mm. Dob oic ana requested her to declare the room open for use. Mrs. -Dobbie~nddreMcd tho gathering, and iiandcd 'tkc« key »-ti-» Mr. Langsford, together -witV-'a-* receipt fbr tho work. ''.On inspection it. was found that th« room tad been suitably i carpeted and furrrirfied lhroughout,Aahd that the walls were adorned with' several works of art. Wesfirt. Bishrtp ? and ? Cukwc pujvrinien dento. 9i»ke nh'bi*K;df of the'tohool. Dur ing the evening Mr. E. Brond and Mmj Debbie contributed a piano and organ duet, '\ViHiam Toll,' and Mr. \V.' DoW-ic and Mi*t Uriiy rendered songs, which were muui appreciated. -A nuicber-of games were enjoyed: refreshments were served by the young ladies, and altogether u pleasant evening was spent. Mr. A. E. Wft=r, at Mr*. Dobbie's request, manuged die »oi-ia:l. Melhotirne-streeit Wcsleyan Church.— On Sntnriiay nftcmoon, in the prexence of a fiiir number of people, Mrs. Charles Drew laid . tho foundation-stone. t»f- the: additions to this Church. The new bnQdiiips. when (i nislied', will eonsirt of ' three force cli»«i roomn for Suuday-school use. In tmrl'orni ing the ceremony '? Mm. Drew naid it af forded her. great pleasure to liave anjlliing to do with an object whioli tended to fur ther Sunday-school work, nnd nhe lioncd lhe- M-hool teachers wouW.be prcntly l-lo«i«- cd in their labour among the children. After thc.stunc had been 'truly laid' a short ser vice W3S held in tbe Church. -Mr. (3. H. L. CatiWove read a brief history of the in stitution and iu .work, and the Rcvi. .T. liony and J. Cowperthwaitc gave short ad dretses. ? Prospect Baptist Church.— The fouda tion-stone of the new Church was laid on Saturday afternoon by Mr. G. W. Cooper in the presence of a large attendance. Mr. C. T. Good, architect, presented Mr. Cooper with a silver trowel. Mr. Cooper, in laying the stone, said the officers of the Church had found it necessary to erect a Church to accommodate the increased num ber in their congregations. Addresses were given by the Revs. J. G. Raws and E. H. Ellis. A collection realized £6 12s., and a sale of goods £14 14s. 