WAS IT DOROTHY? "Now, Uncle Buttonball, I think you are foolishly prejudiced, about it." Mr Benedict Buttonball, commonly called ."Uncle Bill," shook his head at Frank Worrall's levity. "Maybe I am," said he, "but we're not to blame for our convictions. I can't help mine, anyhow. And I couldn't any more marry in the face of my promise to Hephsibah than I could-jo:n the Mor mons!" "Paulina Pepper is a pretty girl," said Frank, "and a good girl, too; although not young." "If she were she wouldn't be suitable to me:" said Mr Buttonball. "I don't deny that it's all true enough, what you say. But, you perceive, I'm the victim of circumstance." "Circumstance be hanged:" ejaculated Frank Worrall, losing his temper at last and banging the door behind him, as he hurried out of the room. While Mr Buttonball again shook his head,he took his silver spectacles out of their case and unfolded the newspaper. "Polly Pepper would make a nice wife," he thought to himself. "As plump, and round, and fresh-colored as a Sep tember peach, or a cabbage rose; and a woman, too, that thoroughly understands house-keeping. I almost wish I hadn't promised my dear departed JHephsibah never to marry again! But it's all past and over, and it can't be undone, more's the pity!" "Isn't he a fool." said Dorothy Mar tin. "And is he really so supersttitious about breaking the promise that that unreasonable virago of a wife extracted from him?" "Unquestionably he is." said Frank Worrall. "I suppose lie actually believes that my Aunt I-Iephsibah would haunt him if he married again, without her express permission. For a man of ordi nary intelligence, Uncle Buttonball is superstitious." "How?" queried Dorothy. "Oh. he sees winding sheets in the candle, believes there will be a death in the family if a dog chances to howl under the window, and would sooner cut off his right hand than begin laying cr go on a journey of a Friday." "Frank!" hesitatingly began Dorothy. "Well !" "What sort of a woman was your Aunt HephsibAh? Tou know I never saw her. She died before I came to Hopton to live." "A little, fat woman, with spectacles and a brown foretop, who always wore brown gingham and talked through her nose. I forgot, though - she had a mon strosity of a cap, with a frill two inches wide all around it, and a colossal 1);-w of snuff-colored ribbon perched on the very top-a guy of a cap, only fit for a scare crow." "Not at all like Paulina Pepper." said Dorothy. "And Paulina really likes Mr Buttonball-and she needs a home. poor thing. Not to speak of Mr Buttonball's evident admiration for Paulina. It would certainly be a match if-" "If it wasn't for the departed saint in snuff- colored ribbons," said Frank. with an irreverent imitation of his Uncle But tonball's peculiar intonation when speak ing of his departed wife." "Poor Paulina!" said Doirothy. "And poor Uncle Buttonball:" echoed Frank Worrall. "Upon tile whcle, dar ling, it looks like a hard case." "Past 11 o'clock." said Uncle Button ball, looking up at the clock over the rims of his silver specacles. "Well, I hadn't an idea it was so late. And snowing and blowing like all possessed, and the wind howling down the chimney fit to set a man's teeth on edge. Just such a night as poor Hephsibah died four years ago, and- bless me." with a slight cold shiver down his spinal column, "if it ain't the 20th of November-the iden tical anniversary of the sad event. Poor Iephsy!" folding his arms and look'ng thoughtfully into the fire; "I hope she's happy in the other world. Shli never took much comfort in this. what with flies and dust and poor kitchen help." And then Mr Buttonball fell into a doze or a reverie-he never could be quite certain which - from which he was aroused by the old kitchen clock striking 12. "Midnight! It ain't possible!" cried Mr Duttonball. chilly, uncomforta" - and superstitious. "And the fire e'en a-most out. I guess I'll rake it up and go to bed." But as he rose with a sort of rheumatic stiffness from his chair the door leading from the buttery creaked" slightly, a slow, heavy footstep sounded < : the floor, and looking around with .-.rtled and dilated eyes Mr Buttonball beheld the departed Hephsibah. "Benedict:" spok6 out the qu'vering and nasal voice. "Benedict! Beneicet!" (It was always so, Uncle Buttonball re membered, in all well - authenticated ghost stories, the summons - as dis tinctly enunciated three times:) "W-w-well, my dear," stuttered M-r Buttonball: holding tightly to- the arms of his chair lest his teeth should chatter him off from it. "I have brought a- message- from the other world, Benedict," solemnly uttered" The Presence. "You want to marry again!" "N-not if you object' to it, my dear,"' faltered . the shaking- widower: "-r that is -" "Peace! Disturb not the voices of a higher sphere." S"No, my dear, I' won't,"- said the sub missive husband. "Peace, I Eay!"'(He p'sl.bal'B'o· Awa. of putting him, down, wrthout a loophole for argument) "and listen; you are ab solved from your promise to contract no second marriage. -You are a free agent. My eyes are opened now to many things, among them the folly of my earthly j-alousies. Go, marry whom you will and my blessing rest upon Your bride. The word is spoken, the o-acle is closed." Slowly the brown-glnghamed form re treated backward, with gleaming spec tacles and uplifted finger, through the buttery door, into the back kitchen, wille T-cle Buttonball sat staring and transfixed with an agony of superstitious terror. "He has really asked you to marry him, Paulina?" "Yes, really," said Paulina Pepper, her blooming face all smiles and dimples. "And I'm so glad! Because-there can't be any harm in owning it now, Dorothy dear-I did like him ever so mu-h." "He's a very nice old man - I mean middle-aged gentleman," said 7orothy 'Martin. demurely. "But I thought he had determined never to marry again." "Oh, that's aff settled," criedl Paalina looking complacently down at th- red shine of her garnet engagement rln. "He thinks he has had a vision - thilt his departed wife appeared to h:m and released him from his vows." "Dear me!" said Dorothy. "IHo verr Estrange!" "Of course, the dear fellow must have br.en asleep an( dreaming, though don't vou think so?" "indoubtedly," said Dorothy. "For - what are you laughing at, dear?" Paulina Pepper broke off to say. "Nothing, nothing ; only it seems so ridiculous that in this age of the World people can believe in ghosts!" cried Dorothy, giving way to a hearty peal of laughtLer, as she caught up her em broidery and hurried out of the room. Frank TWorrall followed her. "Dorothy," said he; "it was you!" "What do you mean?" "The ghlost." "Pra-e it, if you can!" cried Dorothy. saucily. And that was all she would ever admit.-"New York News." 