BBSS* SHOBY THE END OF THE GAME. * You really oa&'t rouse me to muob en thuejaem over the abort Btory,' the said. ? I know all you would say of it,— subtile, per feot of form, and Bonnet-like in finitb,— 'yet I am mell.' Ad; man may wear its laurels, and I envy him doc. Bat when it comes to the literature of correspondence, then 1 con tea to coveting the crown, h would rather have written a series of fascinating letters than all the short stories of the decade.' ' Do It,' eaid he. ' Pat your next novel into epistolary form.' ? T *ntf*1it ? nn A fail mnrA aionAiIv tllftn Atrnr in making my oharaoters epeak out what is in them. Letters, of all things, must he written from the heart. Fanoy the tone Swift's would have taken it he had been told -bo must oorreot the proof 8 on some day of '^reckoning I* ' The heart is a fiotion in literature. We all know what powerful work baa been done with the avowed purpose of making money, and by men who wouldn't bave touched pen co paper without that ignoble spnr.' * You are a pagan !' 'You are a sentimentalist— shall that be my retort? No; yon are simply 'pure wo manly.' You can't imagine desires fulfilled without esthetic oringings and moral winces.' \- Nothing of the sort ; but I do acknow ledge the conorete fact that I couldn't play dummy in a series of letters.' ? Then— collaborate.' * With whom P Some gifted ghost ? Pros per Merimee'e?' * With me. We say good-by - to-morrow, after a charming summer acquaintance of fix weeks. You leave this hotel, and go back to your Bohemian Boston attio. I return to New York and journalism. Now, let us assume a situation. I am madly in lore with you. Don't start! How un dramatio yeu are 1 You— there my invention halts, though it is easy to see there would bo do etory without an obstacle. What shall it be, your engagement or mine f ' ' You give me a choice of fetters ! That's generous. Bat 1 won't take the hackneyed obstacle of 'another,' thank you ! Some body always has to descend to bathos or perfidy in order to extricate himself. No ; fit's pretend that we are conscious of a mutual attraction, but don't in the least satisfy each other's ideal of what a man and woman should be.1 'Do forgive me for saying how truly Bostonese and priggish !' 'Shell I endeavor to be suburban and flippant? Well, there are dozens of possible situations. Take your choice. Disgrace— my great-uncle has ohetted the widow and orphan, aud then shot himself.' ' No drawback at all, unless you get up some eort of moral scruple about returning the spoils ; and that would bore me to such an extent I bat I should reply only by postal curds.' ' Hereditary feud— though in that case we should have to join hands in the regulation manner, and satisfy tradition. My imagi nation is quite at sea; you propose some thing.' \- Consumption and insanity have been done (o death. You must be devoted to a canto, and refuse to give it np for demotion to one man.' ?Hundreds of women have fought, bled, and died over that, from 'The Princess' down. Best of all, why not begin the cor respondence, and let it determine its own course?1 ? Excellent ! We will merely draw a heavy line nnder the fact that I am in love with yon. Remember to write only oa one side of the paper, won't you? It will save uea deal of copying.1 'Yes; and suppose we send the, letters flat in large envelopes ? Then we need only number them, lay them aside, and they ere ready for the printer. But I predict a bar to our perfect satisfaction in tLo romplettd work. TDid you ever yet write a clever 'thing without having some great-aunt or second courin accuse you of lending it from your personal experience F* 'Never; and I anticipate what yon are going to eay. No matter bow much the all-knowing public clamors for 'author' of cur immortal work, we will lie low and con fess nothing. Bat if it actually does find us out, we will deny it the satisfaction of de rlaricg that our own hearts have breu laid bare ; for I will clnim the woman's part, aud j on shall have the man's!' ' Clever, indeed ; but bold to a 'bragian' extent 1 Well, say what you like. I will at least, deny nothing. How often shall we writer* ' Every day, by all means. I have some important work ccming on in December, and I should like to finish this episode of the bfsit before then. By tbe way, remember to make no aliusion in the letters to the fact that we are playing a game. Let ub dress for the part, deoeivo ourselves into all pos sible earnestness, and Bee what swagger things we can do.' \- Id a month the correspondence was in full swing, and, omitting the letters which served as prologue, thus it ran : m. Your yesterdays's letter probed my armot Bt a handled points. I have loved other women, you say ; what, more or lees, does it mean wbenldeolare I love J on f It is' true, I have had my dreams and pwrions, though I should decidedly object to posing as that f-pecles of hero who is not only beautifully Byronio, bnt truly unwholesome. I am the cverage man, with a sense of the Heal and a poetto imagination. Therefore have I idealised woman, -and to idealize iB to love. I loved my oousin May. Bhe grew np end away from me, and married somebody else. 8be was a bonnie bride,— God blest norl and meeting her to-day is as commonplace as reading tha weather probabilities. Two yean after, I wrote sonnets to a woman who never guessed them to be from what I am pleased to call my eoul; and this summer, . when you met me, I was engaged. You have not seen her, rat you have heard of her —s- gentle, domestic creature, who would have made me half happy and supremely comfortable. Sho guessed at my having fled from yon because I dared not trust myself So stay, and sire me my freedom. She is no ;eu tranquil, and I am bar everlasting iebtor. What then? 'If these things be so,' yon my, ' what can love mean ? What do yon give me more than the others t How do I know whether the jewel is mine own, not only to have, bnt to hold ?' Yon epeak like one born yesterday, or as a ohild for lornly strayed out of Arcadia into these solid streets. Havt yon yet to learn that a relation most be judged .not by its length, bnt by iU perfection f When I sat with yon those moon- fed nights, while the'sea washed the rooks at our feet, and we had no need of talking because our thoughts ran together like heavenly hones of the sun, what then P Do you think snob communion It often dup. licated f Does one find a diamond more than unoe in a lifetime, or see the perfeot aroh of the rainbow twice in a summer P Why will you so fatally pull open the petals of this Jieart-flower, to oonnt, the stamens, and de- (ermine whether it conforms to this or that system, of classification P * Yon know me— the average man. Such ai I am, I am yonrs. If you challenge me to the clearest truth I know how to utter, I confess that I know nothing about eternity, and care less. I ask you to walk step by step with me through this troublous world; and if, gome fair morning, I should wake and see your face beside me in that other land which' theo logians and poets sewn to know all about, why, then, I'll give you merry greeting Bat as to swearing that I shall love you eternally, bow do I know? I would have sworn it bad we met ten years ago. Now the days, inexorable 'daughters of time,' have brought me wisdom, and I see that our afteotions ate indeed 'tanta of a night.' But pining fair they an, and I prithee, twttt ajatyNttlet me rat in mine undjs. lur'wd. You women expnet of oen a fan- I tistia and impossible loyalty— a loyalty aon- ' ^crated lo keeping a niche vacant for you until you come, and making lite forever erlle after you go. God knows your scheme might be a happy aud heroin one for some unknown world, made on a different plan, bnt not in this— not in this! We are grow ing and changing crea;uree, like our brothers, the traes. Year by year we put forth shin ing buds, and renew ourselves In the sun and cherishing air. There were birds in last year's neets, I tell you plainly ; bnt now they are gone. Shall my leaves whisper above the poor little brown dwellings with no desire to see them warm again with downy life? Perish the thought !— since change iB life, and standstill means deasy and death. You are the ohoice of my prime. Why deny us both our happiness because yon cling too long and c'oBely to the dreams of youth ? 8BE. When I road a letter like your last I al most halo you. Fortunately— or the reverse, according aB you value my toleration — you do not tall into the Goethean platitudes which would force me to remove myself forever f mm the risk of hearing them. You are not absolutely bla«phemona. You do not say, in eo many words', that love is a euo cessioD of fonoicB and phases ; and so I am sorry for you without actually despising you. For, believe me, my friend, it is true that though men do not die of love, they should think it possible. Though, if I deny you, in a year yon will have loved again, you should be swearing to me and to yourself that, without me, in your own proper person, you die. Aud I should know yon would not die, and you would know I knew it, because we are neither of us at the morning of life, when one believes that wishing brings the boon; but we should be a little nearer heaven than we are now. For I, alas ! doubt you, and you oan analyze yourselt and me.* So, farewell, — nay, rather, honest, plain good- by. May all the gods be with you, for I will not ! You need them, and you do not' need me more than another. HB. Now, by all the powers that rule this curious modern world of analysis and cross analysis, or oooupy their Olympic leisure in bringing about the madness of our day, it shall not be good-by t The gods shall be with me, but only to fight on my side, not to console mo for a victory lost. Poor child ! you can't help your temperament, oan you ? No more oan I mine. But yours is the geeattr curse. Yoa are stung by the gadfly of the ideal, and you are fated to rage through life in search of the perfect love, a perfect lover. Diogenes hjmself, that prince of visionaries, might have held himself moderate in comparison. Yoa should have lived in a day when I could have claimed your hand (through battle with a hundred knights; when your favor would have had baptism of blood, and I could at last have come begging hi rne trom Holy Land to die at your feet. You would have canonised me then, in your maiden calendar, with the same Fingle-mindedness and fervor which had inspired you when you buckled on my armor, and sat at prayer a&d; tapBstry while I fought the heathen host. And since yoa are denied that narrow and musty path, you would iaiu invent wild beasts and payninis of thomind for me to conquer. I mast play with you a poetic drama of love, overleap obstacles, end dissect my heart and your own, to note whether the tissues are horn?, geneons. And I would do it if there were no other way of winning you. 'I am but a man, an actor in this merry game of life, and I could well play such a pretty interlude, if needs inuef. But I should do it only nnder protest, as one might snatch a glove from the arena. Realities far better serve my mood, and I'd rather sit down with yoa to one of those flashing hours of lightning speech than rhyme you 'love' and 'dove' by the ream, and pretend I had not slept since I saw you lant. Heaven cave us I it's an easy part to play Listen; this i- how Strephon would woo you— Strephon who has never loved before, and never will gaze on woman's face again while you and he shall live; nay, who shall be constant beyond the stars! 'Last eight I could not sleep. TLo min utes whispered of yon, the hour* struok your name.' (Poor methaphor; but Strephon's metaphors would be poor. Yon find such rcman'io bathos ouly in combination with intellectual poverty.) ' At midnight I rose, and looted at the moon sailing her sea of blue. Immeasurably far' (or do they know her distance f], ' she was yet nearer than yon; or no intelligence of the night would bring me news of you. Were you wakeful, and did yonr thoughts turn bnrningly to me, as mine to you ; or did you wander lonely in dreams whither I oooM not follow ? O most dear, jewel of the earth and desire of all the winds of heaven that dare to touch your ehssk, one word bom yon or I die J ' Do yon like it? The style is fatiguing, and the subject matter, feeble as it ig, a, tax on the imagination ; bat I can turn out snob, stuff by the quarto volume, and'perhaps I could even talk it on a rainy day, when you had lighted my pipe, and I was disposed, like a kindly lord and master, to humor you. Dost like it, I say, and wilt have more to morrow? Bat whatever |thon wilt bave, be assured that I will have thee from hence forth and— nay, I cannot say forever, for that would be pore folly, and an arrogance at which fate smile*. en. ? Why do I answer a letter like that— not even earnest, bat jeering at me and the holiest of my dreams P I do not know, ex oept that I seem to myself so hopelessly under yonr influence that I cannot out this knot at osu stroke, as a more heroio woman might. And this brings me to another reason why I should not be to you what we both bave hoped. I have accused yon of not loving me. I come now to the doubt whether I in the least love yoa. That you attract me, I grant you, and that the attraction is so strong 1 can hardly withstand even your written words, I allow with sham« ; but that I love you— no, I am not rare of it. What have we in common ? I am trying to stumble into the path of the ideal, and you art contenting' yourself with a daily carnival of intellectual paittmes, with flashing lights and glowing flowers. I want to bind my hopes to emotions that are imperishable, and relations that are infinite; you are content to. take the joy of the flying hour, and pledge yourself to no more arduous task than that of making it your own. You disappoint me at every turn, and yet you fascinate me. As I write, the ring of your voice, the remem brance of that radiant look you threw me when yon rode away,— for your eyes could laugh because the sky was blue and the air soft, and mine were heavy with tears since I must loose you,— the very thought of your presenoe so sweeps over me at times that I whisper tbe air to carry you the message, 'I am yours !' But, after all, I am not. An inner self —a dissenting, stern, and resolute self— says.'Ho' ; and I cannot yield. Oi, if you but gneased it, I had been easily won before I knew you so well! Had you been less honest,— less insolent, I might write, — had you paid me the compliment of lying to me, you might, I say, have won me ; but I suppose I shall some day thank heaven that you did not choose. That you oould stop in the midst of a letter to the woman yon pro fess to love, and interpolate a travesty of honest emotion— oh, it sickens me ! Let us write no more. What have we to say ? For you there are a thousand pleasure paths, since, as you own, you have an idealidn) aud poetic nature, and there are thousands of women for you to idealize. I have been but a throbbing line in your spectrum of life. As for me, perhaps I oan some day be wholly thankful that I did, though with breaking heart, choose tbe highest. Do you remember Grninerore'f ?elf.dMjMiriag ory, '? I ahauli have tent tha bighait ? ? Do yon remember how Maggie Tulliver urned from Stephen, not alone because he was bound to her oouain, but because the nobler part of her nature never responded to his call P I do not court martyrdom with these ; but I stretch out my hands to them for help in this stress and trouble of my life, that their memory may give me strength. Do not answer this. Why should wo spar with words P To you it may be intellectually amusing ; to me it is agony, us. My ohild, you never (rave me eo muoh joy in your life. Yon eay I am fascinating to you. I make my lowest bow, and respond that you are infinitely oharaing to mo. What more do we askr Luveis but a sub tile attraction, and there is scarcely one chance in a niiilion that either of us finds in another the mysterious soul -likeness or eoul defierenoe whioh draws us now together. I consider myself, to to speak, a saturated solution. (Did David Oopperfield say that before me?) I can conoeive that I might adore yon ; but it is not within the remotest possibility that I shall meet such a being during the next fifty yean, and at the ond of that time I expect to be duet. Therefore wo are quite safe, and let us haste to the wedding. By the way, I met Aunt Eliza beth to- day , and told her we are to be mar ried in the Bpring, and she proposed having some jewels set for you. I could give you dozens of toothsome little items like this, il you didn't keep me so busy writing about the state of my soul, or wildly defending myself from the charge of having one; But I implore yon as a friend,— nay, as a lover, whose peace of mind should be precious to you, — not to mix our affairs with those of bogies out of books like Guinevere and tbe Tnllivers. Why should they be dragged forth to daunt me? I shudder when you taoitly command me to put on buskins and copy some hero of tragic story. Uuch as I delight in your letters, I tell yon frankly they nuke me nervous. J feel as if I must respond in blank verse, and my muse has been halt and blind this many a year. Yon have critioized me tremendously, my lady, for the last three weeks. I am going to retaliate, and enlarge upon your greatest fault. Neither wince nor fear me ; 'tis not that yoa are not fairest, virtuouBest of yonr sex, bnt that you have no sense of humor. If you bad, you would appreciate that neat little bit about Strephon la my last. I con sider it a clever interpolation ; but yon, be ing, aB I eay, destitute of humor, count it a blasphemy against the ' Unknown Eros. (And let me tell you that Eros, in his best estate, does a precious deal of laughing. He is nut-brown end rosy, and I shouldn't wonder if he were fed on strong ale and meat, instead of sweets and syllabub.) Think not, though, that I love thee less for thy foolish seriousness, for in that thou are the more feminine. No woman yet ever had a man's sense of humor without losing some essence of fineness, some aroma of her sex, priceless »yond jewels. And so I do not accuse you because I would have you other than you are, bat that yon my say to yourself, when you do not approve me, * It is becanse, be* ing a man, he sees the strange, jagged edges of events, and the way they fit into each other — the awful inoongruousness of life ; he smiles over the grim irony of the gime, and smiles where I should pray.' You will keep on striving for the impossible, seeking the gold at the end of the rainbow ; and I bball pore over the pebbles at my feet, in eearoh of some more shininir than the rest, to build into oar garden wall. We will still be different, but alike in that we love eaoh other. aa. (Telegram.) Are you ill? Why do you not write? sea: (Telegram.) I am quite well; Letter m. My Friend : My last letter tolls you my reason for not writing. How oould you have misread it or forgotten ? I said then that we have nothing in oommon, and that we must part. What could I add P There was no need of further valedictory. Yet if there be need, let me say now that I wish you all good, all happiness and peace. I am your friend. . . . (To be oonoluded next week.) 