The Late Rev S. Chapman. MEMORIAL SERVICE AT THE BAPTIST CHURCH, On Sunday evening a memorial service for the late Rev. Samuel Oh»pman. pastor of OolHns-atreet Chnsoh, Melbourne, wai held. During the sermon the Rev. A. A. Medley referred to the fact that it was af Mr Chip™ man's request and upon hid advice that lis entered the ministry, and that by his deith ha had sustained a per«onaI loss. The text chosen <vaa Acts 2nd chapter and 24th verse. ' Ha was a good man and full of the Boly. Ghost.' The following Is a resume of the eermon :—Thoao words gave a condensed analysis of Barnabas' oharnotor. They summed up too, in a fcrief sentence, the eharaoter of Samuel Chapman. He was a good man and tho secret of hia goodness was that hd was a man full of tho Holy Ghost. There were very striking comparisons be tween Barnabas and him whoso useful life had just closed. One element of his good' boss was his religion. Ho drew all that wi>3 noblest and holiest in his life frnm Jesus Christ. Goodness of soul was not slow to recognise goodness in others. He had large hearted sympathisers, and sever failed to help and encourage any young man in whom he saw1 promlso^if christian usefulness. He rejoiced at the success and progress of God's work—' When he saw tho grace of God ho wa» glad.' Another element la the oharacter o£ Barnabas that had Its counterpart in him waB-»«olf«effacement. Bo rathor shrank from than courted the applause of men. There was no posing for eheap popularity In his mlnlBtry. H'O wldo culture, hia rugsod eloquence, his dramatic power, his unique personalty,his prominent position, rmdn him * leader anu teaoher of men, yet through all he had the spirit of a little child. Ho to as " Content to fill a 11'rl0 Bpaoe If God were glorified." It was eald of tho prophet Samuel—" Behold there is a man of God in thin ally.' Th»t was true of Samuel Chapman in tho city of Melbourne. His goodness was recognised by Ml who knew him. Tho fragrance of hlB christian character could not bo concealed. Beneath his rugged, sometimes brusque manner, khere wub tho kindly heart—the gentleness of tho spirit—the lovo of tho InB dwelling Christ, It had been tersely said 4'The silent organ loudest speaks Tho mastor'e requiem." And there wai a sad and true sense in which the silent empty pulpit at Co)iina*8troot» where hie uniquo sermona had for 22 years led men to a larger, loftier conception of Christ &nd; christian life, was tho boat memorial sermon of him who had bo long and honorably testified to tho loving and uplifting power of the gospel. Tho congrega tion jolnod in prayer for tho beroared, and a resolution expreflaivo of sympathy with them is to bo sent. 