The Lion's Skin. By c~TlALES DE BERNARD. SCHAPTER :TI.-(Coiitinued.) A look from Servian informed Madr ame Caussade that he was determined not to become involved even for a mo ,ment in the subtleties of a controversy such as that into which she was trying to inveigle himn. ' Listen to: me, madame," hei said with an affectioinate air which seemed to partake more of the tenderness of a father than the passion of a lover; ".I did. not seek this interview, but since it has pleased you to 'grant it, allow me to take advantage of it to give you a piece of advice: Forget tlhat I ever loved you and proposed to you; look upon me only as an old friend of your father, a man wliose de votion you canu always commnand, al though you affect to disbelieve it. I will give you a proof of it, at tue risk of increasing the aversion which you appear to feel for me. 1 am told you are going to marry Monsieur Tonny rion ?" " And who told you that ?" inter rupted Estclle curiously. "It matters little. You have been very hard on me for the lust few days, and any other mait would probably feel, some resentment if hl we re in my position. But, for my part, I am sure that, even if you did me a greater wrong, I could not hate you. If it were possible for mle to entertain a spiteful feeling towards you I should rejoice at this marriage ; but I still love you too much, Elstellc, and I should be unhappy on seeing myself thus a.venged." " What a solemn voice i What dole ful prophecies !" cried Madame Ca.us sade with affected gaiety, " then you think that if 1 marry Monsieur Tonay rion I shall run the risk of becoming one of the most unfortunate of wo "Your happy disposition would al ways prevent you fromn being very miserable, I hope, but theare is a vast difference between an unhappy life and tihe ideal felicity which appears to be your dream." " You seeml to think it ai bad lookout for me," she said. " What 1 dread for you," replied Ser vian affectionately. "is the loss of those illusions which lead to your character its chief charm-one of those deadly disappointments which leave the heart more desolate and empty than trouble itself. Your rich inmagi nation lavishes gold and purple on the imeanest objects which it dwells upon, and that is why you look upon Mon sieur Tonnyrion as a. hero; but are you certain that that heroism does not ex ist more in your head than. in his heart ? Are you certain that tlhe fea thers of this peacock whose plumes you admire so nmuch are so firmnly at telchled to hitii tliat the ordeal of nmar ried life will not pluck tlhenm out one by one ? First, love, theni courage-" " '.lhere I must stop you," interrupted Estelle, " no ma.n being perfect, I can not gunarantee Monsieur ToutLsyrionl's excellence. You are ftir too clever for me to be able to compatre himu to you is regairds talent, but, as for Ihis cour ag'e, that feather, to usec your mcla phor, is too well fastened in for anyone to pluck it out." "Supposing I plucked it out ?" ".You!" cried the young widow, burasting into a laugh. " I. Supposing I dethroned your hero from his pedestal ?" Maidame Caussadc could only ex plain to herself tho temerity of such a proposal by concluding that jealously had completely turned her former lover's ihead. The thought touched her. "Let us talk about something else," she said, with a kindness which her natural ilclination for sarclasn ren dered all the more meritorious, " al though I don't like advice, I recognise the right, of a.n old friend to offer it to me, even when 1 do not ask for it. But let is drop the vague and mysterious, for I prefer the positive, whatever you may saiy. Are you aware of anything, any circumstance, any fact to hinder a woman frontm marrying Monsieur Toln ayrion ?". "In my eyes tlhe hindrance is him self," said Servian. "Your eyes are .not mine," replied Estelle coldly. "I know that, so it is certain that one of us sees amiss. If tile marriniag takes place, CGod grant that it may be "From all this I conclude that you advise me not to mlarr'y Monsieur Tonaliyrion ?" " Supposing you were buying a set of diamonds and some friend said to you, ' the diamonds ryou adimire so much are only paste,' would you buy tlihat set without making certain of their value ?" " You talk nothing but. parables to day," said Iestelle miockingly, "just now it. was a. question of peacock's feathers, now it is a set of diamonds. Again, I- am obliged to put matters in plain words. You miean to say that marriage is 'a serious matter which should not be lightlyt entered uponi, and thllat genuine lhusbtaulds are rate, whilst paste ones abound. I Iht.ve known tlihat for a. long timn, so your advice is sulperlhlious; however I thtanmls yon for it, for 1 do tnot doubt that it is dictated by a kindly feeling. Biut, make. yoitr miind easy, I promise to be careful in my choice of at husband as 1 should be in that of a. set of dia monids. Wlhatever idea you may ltave of my frivolity and foolishness, you may rest assured thatt'.t cans use lty judgment when necessatry. I do not think I .ever gave you the right to think tlhat muy donsenut 5was so easy to otnin."': This cutting allusion, to thie refusal tlut Servinn had met wit.h terminated the interview. [ Madame Calissade an ticipated her former lover's reply: by a bow that was is 'curt as its twa dis tanut, and at once wialked away towards the house. "Does she love himt ?" thotughlt Ser viman when sIhe had gone. "Will so much beauty, .wit, anud grace become the pre;' of that' swaggere ? " No, I'll unmisk hili,ceven' if onlly get ingrati tude ill return for u!n services." Whilst.he was forming thlis resolve, Estelle, in spite of the calu sisur-i' iane tllilt she had dficcted, felt a doubt which had hitherto been 'uiikniown creep into her heart. .' " Although Monsieur Servian's jeal ousy makes me doubt tlie vaalue of :lis opinion," she said to herself, "I. must own that there's some .truth ins whht lie says. What charms .me itn Monsiour Tonayrion is ai intr'elidity of clhaiat t-r Ithat borders on hleroism. I believe in'.it firmly, butL wha.t. proof have I of it. ?" ' ' " ' '.':, .' : . At thalt very, smile momeit,;Felix Cillbier was wandlllering aiboult the pacri, with ]lhis thioughts running souin hliat in this wisc: '"'Tlhat wo mnan could make iune.jump of the.toiver of Žlotre-Dauie itf.' sl liked. Loe is a beaut.iful thing; but it shotld not de generate into .weakness 1.,wiis w\enk jrust now, veryweil . Mly .uncle, plho wiould prefer that I mshould not flght., will lake good clue not 'l ssay anlythling ahbout it, but? l'm certain ho thiniks I: was wiinting in firlimesins. e' ell, Ipro mnised to drop tie quarricl, and ll11 leep nmy word. 'But li~t:ronsleuti'l Tonlrion b~waire! Otlheriivise,' nat' . the t first nluince, I'll make himnpay dcialy for all this."' The elegnult iniul's helroism . wns thus thlireatened witlh a triple trial; and, no later than tl?e following dilay, a culriouis chalnce ga?ve Estelle an oppor tunity of beginning hIler test, \- CHAPTER VIII. ,:' THE TRAPPED WOLF. .; . W .have already said that" Monsieur Herbelin's-:park was only separated froni tlhe. Forest of: Complegn? by i ditch surmounted by a somewhat di lapidated hedge.: Beyonid this en closure was a cordon of trahps" and snares, placed there to punish those that damaged the colonel's property hares, rabbits, and even larger game. 'One l:morning Felix liad goine out early, accompanied by a dog. Haviiig tried his luck'for somne considerable time, but without an'y success, he .was returning- home somewlhat out of :tem per, wlicn, on skirting the hedge, lie saw, in one of the traips isn. object which suddenly, consoled htint for his fruitless morning's work.; this was a largeo wolf, with shaggy coat, glaring eyes, and bloody lips. Terrified, as animals caught in a trap generally are, lie was writhing and struggling, and making frantic but unsuccessful ef torts to get out of the pit into which lie had liid the misfortune to fall. The dog had no soonier canught sight of this formidable foe than lie uttered a plaintive howl and fled at full speed, with Iris tail between his legs. The wolf, for his part, redoubled his efforts, and began to plunge in such a. furious manner tlat- Felix, who hlad walked to the edge of the pit, involuntarily start ed- back. " That confounded feeling again !" said the young sportsman angrily to himself ; " it seems that I shall never acquire inipromptu courage, the in stinct-of self-preservation is developed to a most disgraceful and disgusting extent in ine." lHaving recovered himself, he ram med two bullets into each ibarr.e of his gun aind took aiml alt flhe ferocious beast, who, seeing this movement, ceased lis struggles and crouched down'l, grinding his teeth. Upon this Felix examinied the pitfall more, care fully, and saw that. it was impossible for the prisoner to escape. Hlaving fe assured himself upon this point it seemed to him somewhat unsportsman like to kill a- dcfeneevless foe; so.he de cided to spare the brute's life for the presenti aind quickly smade for the house. Lunchelon was nearly over wlien lie entered the dining-room. " Tarde vemientibus ossa," remalrked the colonel who was acqulinted with a few scraps of Latin. " We waited nore than Ia quarter of a.n hour," said Madamiie Causside ; "I suppose you did not; wish to come hlome before filling your gnanebag ?" ". 'should need a sack and not a gffambag to contain the game that I have found," replied Felix, with ean im portant look.. " What is it ?" cried several voices, " a deer, a fox, a wild boar ?" '" A wolf a. liuge wolf who lies fal len into ii trap close to the Cossack's grave." "A wolf !" cried Madame Calssnde; "you didn't kill him, I hope?" " Is not a- prisoner's life sacred ?" said Felix. "hli, lu !" said Monsieur Hlcrbelin, "[didni't expect to lhear that. ai wolf was ecntitled to tihe samne consideraution is a hnumnan being. What cian "one do with it, if not kill it ?" "Keepl it, father," cried Estelle eagerly ; " it can be put in a. cage op posite Mustaphi.'s. Mate haste and ea.t your lunch,; Monsieur Felix ; I want to see your wolf. Does lie look very ferocious ?" " I did not think so, but Pyramns,; I believe, was of a dilterent opinion; for the coward lied as soon as lie smelt tale brute." "Do you really want' to 'keep the aninuml," said the colonel to his daugh ter; " what lias poor Mustapha done for Vou to give himn such a neigh bour' ?" " Mustnpha is getting fat e:nd sleepy; it, will \rake him up," replied Estelle ; " people keep beingolies, monkeys, and parrots, why not a wolf ? it's less cOlllnOlh." " Granted ; but do.you think the salid wolf will allow himself to be. taken from the trap and eld igel without using his tecth ll?" '" He n.can be nmuzzled," said Tonay rion carelessly. " And would you undertake to muz zle lim ?" asked tile colonel incredu lously. - " Why not ? A wolf is not- worse than a, bear." "And liavc you. ever muzzled , a bear ?" inquired Mdanme Ciaussade, luighing. " Yes, I toolk that. fancy into my head. ojieo," replied lRaoul lightly; "It was at a fair ; tle proprietor of a. mcn ngerie, before which tihe rustics were all agape, let one of Ilis animals, a brown bear escape. There was a gene rail seinmper, men , women, chllildren, even soldiers and policemen, all fled." " fxcept you ?" interrupted Estelle. f ,xceplt me," said Toniyrioii with a condescending simile ; " to showv my heels to a mere animal seemed dome \what too ridicuilous. -I must sayl. So I[ iwaited him steadily. When Ioe got to within Ii. few yards of me, he stood onm Ilis lind legs lind opened Ilis arms to crush me to his lbreast; I leapt on oine side ind clall)ped on his muzzle, a shako that a corporal of thie National Guard liad dropped in his flight. lBe hold the bear transformed into aleitizen soldier Ile didn't like it, at all, but snorted, pranced ibout, and ticed to rid himself of it,; in vain ; I held on to the shako by the strapI) and never le.t go of this new-fashioned -muzzle until tlihe br?ute had been got back into his cage.. -fe was probably the first of his race who liad ever worn tlie tricolour.". S"Thle braggarti" thought Felix, as lie hurriedly devoured a. slice of pate; " i no more believe in tlhat bear than in the ghosts and lBedouins .tlhat. lie lias bee.i eQntertaining us with for tie last few days." S"Malke haste, Monsieur Fellx," snid Estelle; "don't you see we've bent waiting more tlhanu anl hour for you ?", The' youn, g mna.n obeyed at the risk of choking himself. 'Soon' after, they all rose from. the table (with the,-ex ception of the colonel, who was, con fined to the'house by I-n attack of rlieu nmatiim) and went out togethei to pay a visit to thic'eaptive wolf. - On seeing iho inquisitive group whichi suddenlyl appenred aliround 'tlhe trali in whlicli .lle was caught, the wolf once amore ceased his vainli struggles,' and took refuge in aI corner. , * - ' " Oh, so that's the ferocious crea ture," ssaid Madaune Caisusade, seeing tlie captive's scared look ;' "ii dog would be mooie formidable, anld Mati :lapha; would .make : short; -work" of hlinl.'!." ' .. - . ." .'. . ' . " ?'Idoubf it, mnindae" remar ked Ser ' ".WhVliat do you iiot., doubt .?".' asked Eslelle sarecastically.. "." For: niy part, nmudamie',.' said .TFn ayrion, " 1 anm of your opiniomi, itseems to inlc.the wolf hlas anlways uenjoyed aI iisirpeld reputal tio 'What is lie, after all ? a 'wild dog, nothing more . That lie should secare sheep, welil nid good, but .mil, tlhat's whliat I can' t under stiiad." ' - ''Armed with a stibre, or even a dag ger,"'said Felix sefitentiously, "i.. man ought not to fear any.wild bcnaut." "A sabr!e I A dagger 1" sneered Raoul, "if ::it were a question, .0of .a 'tiger or.a rlinoceros I could ulider staild thei: ~aieing of 'such an arsenal of :weaponCs, but'l why' eniploy sb'nmuiclh .cerenmon: hi destioylngi' such n: poor 'creituireas : this? .'One kick ,would *fliishi . hin.m . :' Youi ought tob, hnve beeii 'borii a shipherds",' shaidl' E3telle',: j. your" flock would hlnve bein well giiri;ded. 'So you woulddi't be- ifr id to tacloe aI wolf even without arms ?'.' :./. " One chi't .nlways. be certaisn," re . ', :. ,? : .;i . ,i'i: i. plied Tonsyrion conceitec 3 " who knows I' perhaps I should run away. It's true I fought a lion` once, btt a man can't anwys bein the humuourjor tl? it." : .' :. "Yoil 'foiglt a. lioln " ried Inadamd Cacissadc anid. Filix togetliea. \ '' Without. arms ?". cilded" Servian with well feigited admiration. "It is needle?shi to siy thlat thie scene tooki place in Afiica," remarked Iloulo in a tone 'f asstinmed simplicity 'and frankness, which. wais 'chldclated' to imaike l.he. nmost faibulous story apliear plroblable, "ii..few oelicers and, native gentlemneii anid myself hil arriiged a hunting party whiclh broiight us to within ai short distince of' Mount At lis. Attlia, close of the third dity. we foucnd iourseves ast time entrnnce of a deserted and scorching villecy. Sid ilenly a terriflc roar was lheard in the distance -' A lion I' is tihe general, cry. As you may imagine, our fatigue andi hunger were forgotten- aid our spirits revived. We each looked to our wen pIons, and ol? .we galloped. Thulks to the superiority of my horse and pos sibly also to the points of my spurs, I soon took .the lead and fonud my self two or three ihundred yards in front of my comnpanions. - . . "Suddenly, ivliat did I belhlldl bc twcean two rocks? 2Why thi lion it person, and al splendidfeillow, tod, wlho would only have made bne miouthful of this wolf. To see me, to roar, to raise Ilis lnnae, said rush upon mce. was only tihe work of half a second for him. 'IT?wo bullets tlihat I puIt inito hlim didnll't stop hini for a nmontiit. On feeling the monster's claws on his chest, mny hiorse reareld, overbalunccd himiself, naid fell .on the sand, drug ging me writh him. Upon tlhat, the lion probably thinking tlhat miy flesh would be better than tha-t of iuy mount, slprnllg poin me, opening its noutlh whichl seecmedl tome siS large, deep, and fiery as a furnace. I lhad one leg uidcer my horse, and miy position was a criticail onel; however, I unsheathied my ystaighnn land plunged it desper ately ito n lis mout-l whichl was about to devour me. If tli lion hbad closed Iris jaws I should lhave beeni lost un dloubtedly, fortunately, as' I struck I saw my dagger, anld, by a. clever turn of the wrist, instead of thrusting the blade down his throat. I tse. it upright iit his mouth. The lioil snapped his juiws, as I expected, ,and buried tie point of the yatugluuil in his tongue iiid the lhandle in his paiute. Whilst he was stirugglig to get rid of this species of liharpooii I drew my hunld iaway, snatchied ai pistol from my hol sters, put it to his 1head, and quietly blew his 'briins out. And thiat," con cludied Toniyrion blandilly, "is the story of my encouitecr with his leonine majesty." " The yataglhan trick 'was w clever onec," said . Servian with impassible gravity, " if I remember rightly Ilol indi employed tlhe saimoe mietlhod in order to vICnquCish tithe orC on the Is Ind of Eszadac." "N'o imiter," replied ]Iboul dirily, "I don't clilnt tllhe llcerit of tile ilivell tion myscllf. lmut whltit is certaini is thalt thle lion's skini serves aat the proe seat cnocmetcllt us ucy' bedroom rlug." D)uri'ng tile lnarratioln of this adilven turn worthy of tlhe Artibilan Nights, Estelle lhad experienced thait species of unceas?iness wlhich such mnirvcls oftenc producc e lmong a friiendcly nudiencce. "lie lhcs too iimany stories to tell," she said to herself ; "and these extra ordiar-y iidveltures Ilhalppcn to io onei but. himself. it's plain cihatc Monsieur Servica? doesn't believe a word of tlhis, aind. little Feclix is bitinlg his lilps to keep front laiughing." The young widow involluntarily felt herself unider the inhluence of the same incredulity, which shte faincicd she could detect on lire fcees of botilh uncle nd niephlew. The Wiondrous facscina tion which tle rena or iiuTglinalry hero isci of Moonsieur Tonnsyrion halnd hither to had for her gule place to'a feeling of miistrust, which, since tae day before, iicd only beeCi waitling for ciiL oppor tuniity to declare itself. "Suppose hIe wcere lyitg," slhe thouigllt, giving lcioul a scristinising side glanee. It Madatmc e Cinssade's disposition there wais ca linge piroportion of tchat flicry aind, as it were, mlcly determina tiol which imakes nncertlinty unbeitr able ; umeertainty, tllct shifting grould ulpon whicht irresolute minds halt, 'but which encergetid ones lhistan to leave at tlhe'risk even of falling over t precipice. Tor clenr up thie doubts which had flashed upon her now for tihe first tiIne appelared to her cs cur gent as it was necessaruy. (To be Coticnued.) 