On the Edge of Doom CHAPTER XXXHfc H'theIdeed tiutEwas'done^ik the dark'' ?' ' The|liouBO waB dark aB the grave ; qniot as J death, From somewhere a clock struck the hour with one solemn stroke, that clanged and echoed through tho silent halls. Mrs. Trelano, lying sleepless in her bed room where she had been sent like a beaten dog by ono glance from Wray, sprung up with causeless terror. Only tho remembrance o£ Ismuy's looked door kept her from running to the girl for companionship, but she dared not stand outside that door, even for ono minute, and knock in vain, with perhaps those awful steps behind hor. Cowering in her pillows sho listened, but heard no more. Even to herself sho would not own that what sho feared was not so ' much tho ghost as what Marcus Wray might be going to do this night in tho dark. For she had seen him look onco at Cristiano that day, and tho look held death in it. . Onco, earlier in tho night, sho had fancied she hoard the noiseless tread of cautiouB feet, ob though people passed her door silently, as Indians on a trail. She had looked out thon, and seen nothing but Ismsiy, pale as death it self, standing alono in tho still lighted hall. ' What's the matter ?' tho girl suid. ' Don't say you want mo, because I'm going to bed,' and sho went into her x-oom iud locked the door, caroloBsly as though death and retribution woro not loft outside. Thoro woro quiet steps again now, but Mrs. Trolano's fingors wore ia her ears, and she novor heard them. Marcus Wray and Cristiano had come up silently, ho with a light in ono hand, the other round Cristiano's waist, that terror might not make her break away from him. Frightened sho was, but liko a child who enjoys a gamo that startles it, but also a littlo afraid of the arm that was so grimly protective. It was amusing, and, liko a Christmns number, to bo hunting ghosts at .night with a man who wAs in love with you; but it was also somehow disquieting. Thoro wns not a sound as thoy stood at tho turn of tho stairs, with only half a dozen moro steps to .mount to tho hall tho haunted rotm opened from. Wray stoppod, candlo in hand. It* was no ghost hunting that had brought him up hero at tlio dead of night. ' Why didn't you go on ?' sho whispered. Ho kissed hor, almost savagely. ' I don't hear anything. ' I'm waiting for tho music.' '* ' Oh, I'm friglitenod of it ! I don't want to hoar it. 'Let us go. down.' Thoir voices woro ochoing in tho hall abovo as in a whisper ing gallery, ' Down !' Tho man hold his oandlo aloft, and looked down tho woll of tho stairs. Down, down, it wont till his oyo lost in tho blacknoss tho'lmrd oak floor of tho groat hall bolowt Thoro was no one to see him, and his faco waB tho face of a dovil. Ho sot his oandlo on tho staiv. ' You can go down — prosontly,' he [ answered rocklossly. I-Io took a sharp side ways stop so that sho waB pressed noaror tho banistor. Far below ho saw tho light of a candle. Thomas was carrying it, the old man was coming upstairs. It was all tho bottor; an nccidont, without a witness, somo timos smollod of murder. How slowly ThomaB wnB mounting tho stairBl If somo ono in tho hall abovo had seen Wrtty's faoo, the glare in his eyes, and caught thoir breath in swift horror, thero might havo boon pre cisely tho littlo sound that roaohed Cristiano's ' oars. 'What was that? I hoard a noiso,' sho whiBporod, gazing up tho stairs with groat, startled oyes. 'Nothing! furiously, Thomas was nonrly up now. 'Cristiano!' Wray cried at tho top of his voioo j ' what aro you doing up lioro? Thoro'a no ghost, don't run. For God's Bake tako caro of thoso banisters — ithoy'ro rotten !' and with God's name on his lips in tho lie that was to make Thomas a witness who would oloar him, lio shoved hor suddonly, savagoly against tho banistors that woro frail as roods with dry rot. . ' Cristiano soroamod tho long, wild cry of a woman in tho last pinch of fear. ' Holp :no !' sho sliriokod again, and as for ono second his graBp of hor relaxed, Sho had fallon flat on tho stairs, still prossod against tho banistors wlioro thoy woro Bookotod in tho stops. Wray put his Bhouldor against tho rail ; it craoktid, orashod, with half tho uprights, down into tho awful doptlis bolow. Only half against tho splintorod lower part Cris tiano lay huddlod. ' With an inartioulato ourso Marcus Wray stooped to do doliborato murdor, to piolc up tho girl, whoso only sin was hor wealth ana hor dofonooloBBnoss. Thomas was not oomo yot j thoro waB no witness. Bat was thoro P Who was that who stood just abovo hitn, in a curious whito Batin gown, markod' witli' blood on tho broast P Who stood doad whito, through hor flimsy gauzo voil hor oyoa.bdrn ing liko cold, groon ilamos'P : : * Surely uot iBmay Trelune, whose jeuious heart had been steeled to vengeance on the girl whose life she had saved, to be repaid with treachery ! For noiseless, swift as lightning, the strange white fignre moved. A hand colder than ice touched Marcus Wray's neck from behind, He looked, he sprang, kicking over the candle so that there was darkness. But in thai one glanco he had known her. It was Ismay who had played tbe ghoBt, Ismay who had seen him now ! Beyond himself with rage and terror ho leaped after her in the j dark, Ia the dark she ran, voiceless, weakened by tho long strain on her, the borror of what she had been within an ace of letting be. To run in the dark for your life ! For she knew it was that ; Bho had soen his face, and she could not cry out, though if she shrieked she would be saved. A square of moonlight marked the open door tbat was ner safety, one leaped to it, but MarcuB Wray was quicker still. Her fly ing dress caught ronnd bar feet as ho seized it. She fell headlong on the hard, oak threshold, her head striking it with a dull and awful sound. Darkness, indeed, had come to Ismay Tre lano'; in it her bravo spirit, that had saved against the very temptation of boll the girl who had betrayed hor, unfurled its wings and waited to be free. * . CHAPTER XXXIII. ' OH, SHE WAS IIEA-VJINliT TRUE.' ' Over that quiet body, that had been -so quick to dare and do, and need do neither any moro, a furious strugglo in the dark, of three men againBt one, who saw himself caught red-handed, and fought not for his own life, but to kill, Then lights' in the haunted room, quiet only broken by the hard breathing of panting men ; Marcus Wray, with handcuffs on his wriBts, hold fast ,by two polieomon in plain clothes, a Bmall and dirty boy yelling with exoitement : ' That's him ! That s tho man. I told you I'd know him !' Thomas, haggard with frightened amaze ment, peering in at the door ; behind him Cristiano crying desperately ; Mrs. Trelane in a Bumptuous tea gown, half on, that was in congruous with her face, so wan without its rouge and powder, Davids, his hard faco full of triumph, since tho unravelling of tho Onslow Square Mystery was a glory oven to him, stopped forward and touched Marcus Wray's shoulder. ' For tho murder of the Earl of Abbotts ford,' ho said, and Wray laughed in his face. ' You've no proofs !' ho sneered. Davids drew out a broken cuff link, a scara I baeuB from which a thin chain dangled. | ' I found, this in your rooms,' ho said, ' ana tno otnor nair ot it one or my men found in Lord Abbottsford's bedroom. And this boy saw you go in and go out on tho d&y; I of Lord Abbottsford's murdor ; saw tho bluo thing on your cuff as you throw tho bottle that held tho poison into tho middle of the traffic at the corner to be ground to powder.' Once more Wray laughed. Ho had seen a laden omnibus go ovor the vory. spot whore ho had flung tho bottle. ' Powder, exactly !' ho said. ' And neither your boy nor your scarabs aTO any uso with out that bottle.' Yot tlio scarabs had stag gered even him. Ho had forgotten to take thom out ; thoy had gouo to tho wash in his shirt, and lii's washerwoman had returned tliom with tears, behoving sho lind broken off ono of thom in hor ironing. And Wray, thinking so too, had novor given tho missing scarab anothor thought. Tho wholo link and tlio broken one lind been lying oponly^ on his dressing tablo lash night whon the inspector had broken into his rooms. Ho had novor thought of Abbottsford ovon whon ho fought so madly on tho threshold. It was that thoso mon had soon his attempted murdor of Cristiano le Marchant that had mado his caso so dosporato. 1 I Davids glanced at him, and at tho look his lips grow dry. ' jl nave uiio uoirio, sue inspector sum, simply. ' Tho boy kept it to play with.' Wray looked from ono to tho othor like a dovil iuoarnato that is beaton. ' May I ask you how you found out this rot?' Ho could uot spoak with tho old voice, but ho tried. ' I found it out bocauso a girl was too shrewd nnd bravo for you. Miss Trolane, by a coincidetico, obtaiuod that broken cuff link ; sho know tho hold tlio stolon diamonds had given you on hor mothor ; .sho camo to London by chanoo, camo on tho only night since tho murdor whon slio could lay her hands on tho ? i _ II. _ j ? j ? .1 * _t. ^ c ? ji n. - i. ? GvlClGuCO iims was Wttuceu ; suo iouuu mu uuy and brought him straight to mo, with the brokon bit of jowollory that I found tho othor half of in your room,' ' Sho P Ismay !' His oath sounded lo.ud in tho quiet room. ' Sho waB a spy ! Woll, it's a comfort to mo to know that I killed hor !' Ho stretched out his menaced hands and poiiitod whore tho girl lay on tho floor, faco down. No ono had noticed hor at first, Sho had tripped aud lay Btill, worn out — that was all. But thoy looked now on a liuddlod heap of whito satin, on slow blood that oozed scarlet from hor hiddon forehead. Uristiano soroamoa trom tuo aopuis or a ponitont soul : ' ' She's doad ! He's killod her. And it was she who saved mo just now. Ho was trying to push mo through tho banistors, and I looked up and saw hor. Sho inotionod with her hand for mo to drop down down flat, and I did. It saved mo, for tlio upper part of tho banistors wont, (is I would - havo gono if I'd boon standing. I thought it was tho ghost, but I' saw hor oyos and I know hor, I dropped ris sho monnt mo to, nnd thon ho stooped to throw mo ovor, and Bho sprang at liim from bohind. Oh ! Ismay !' sho throw horsolf on tho floor by tho slight figuro that was so awful in its stillness. ' Ismay look up ! Forgive mo ! Don't lio liko that !' But Ismay did not stir. ? j Davidd put out a hand that shook iu his droad, to draw Cristiano away. But somoono was quiokor than ho j somoono who hurled himsolf through tho doorway, brushing past Thomas and Mrs. Trolano as if ho did not seo thom, Cylmor, by morost olianco, had boon hunting twenty milos' off,, doing his boBt to forgot tho girl ho loved, had stayed to dino with a noisy party, and oamoftmok by train. ' Ab ho stood on tho station platform waiting for his dog-oart, a man had touohod him on tho shoulder. 'Rivors !' he oriod, ' W^hat bringB you horo P' j ' Good uews for you, Mr, Cylmer !' Bottly though there wns no one in hearing, ' Tbe inspector has discovered Lord Abbottsford'i murderer. He and three of the force are at Marchant's Hold now. I'm waiting hero in case there's any accidents and they make a ran for the stntion.' ' They ! Marchant's Hold 1' Cylmer was Bick. Then tho blow had fallen ! 'I'm going there,' be Baid, through set lips. Was he too late p Could- ho carry off Ismay, or would he find hor with handcuffs on her wrists ? 'Wait; thoy won't let you in ; our men ; won't know you.' Rivers thrust a hastily | scrawled card into Cylmer's hand, wondering not at all at his excitement, when at last the murderer of his friend was in his hands. But the groom on the back of the two wheeled cart prayed to tho saints and clung for his life ; the galloping horse, the swaying aog carc, ana a master wno haa Buddenly gone crazy, were too much for him. The wind whistled past Cylmor's ears with tho speed of his going, but it scorned years before he stopped Iub reeking, blown horse at Marchant's Hold. He was forced to wait while a policeman on guard read Rivers' note and lot him into tbe house. But there was not a soul to be seen, not a Bound anywhere. As he listened in the dark, not knowing which way to tarn, ho heard a woman sob. upstairs, far above him. He was np three steps at a time, lost in wonder as ho ran. What in heaven's name wore thoy doing in_tlie garret P An open door ; a lighted room ; Mrs, Tre lane and Thomas barring the way. Mrs. Trelane, froo, Bcatliless 1 Then it must be Ismay — Ismay ! And he was too late. Ho could not move nor speak for tho cruel Eain that brought tho cold Bweat on his fore cad. -ismay. iao nstonoa, suem, Dreamless; he dared not go in lost ho should see her, now that ho was too lato. David's voice, cold, incisive, startled him ; then Wray's. Yet it was not till CriBtiane wan kneeling by Ismay that ho saw her. And thon ho saw nothing olso. Ho was down by her side, lifting her, her blood on hiB hands, his heart craving her. Tho girl his self righteousness had rejected, who because he would not hoar hor and holp her, had fought her battlo alono — to die from it. Ho would not, would not havo it ! Sho waB stunned ; it must bo that sho was stunned. But the heart nnder his hand did not ovon flicker. ' Aro you going to lot, her die hero P' ho cried. 'Move, Cristiano; let mo carry her to her bod. You aro her mothor' — turning fiercely to Mrs. Trelane—' send some one for a doctor !' ? Tenderly, jealously lio lifted her, whom no other hands should touch. And as he carried hor her lovely head fell backward on his arm, her hands hung at his side, swaying liko a doad woman's. Masterfully, as ono who has a right, ho sponged tho blood from lior faco, when she lay on hor bed in her fanlistio dross. Thoro. was but a simple cut on her forehead — not onough to make hor unconscious. ' Why is sho dressed liko this P' ho said, sternly to Mrs. Trolano, who stood dazod and helpless, not even wondering why ho was thero. ' Tho houso was said to bo haunted. Sho played the gliost to overhear Marcus at night talking to mo. Sho played it to-night to save Cristiano and to got Marcus up to -tho room whore tho police waited for him, for tho inspoctor had spoken brutal trutbB to hor, and at last sho knew what tho girl had dono for hor sako. . | Sho drew tho bloody scarf from Ismay's head and Cylmer -could seo. Undor hor loft , ear was a bruiso — only a littlo bruise ; yot I lio groaned as ho saw it. Wray, as Bho tripped, had struck her thoro, as a pmc , fighter strikes, .with tho deadly accuracy of knowledge. No ono should havo hor if ho I could not. It waB a man hopeless and bolpless whom /Innf.rtu annf. f.lin frw if. itrna I1/1 who had dono it. If ho had hoard hor out that day slio would ovon bo warm aud quiok. Mechanically he found his way to tho empty drawing room whero ono lamp burned foi' gottou, smelling rank and hoavy. In tho houso woro noises of many foot as Davids and his mon took away Marcus Wray with handcuffs on his wrists ; a going to and fro of friglitonod servants on the staircases ; thon tho hush of a houso wlioro a soul is pass ing. But Milos Cylmor know nono of thoso things. Ho was down unon his faco in vorv holl. If it woro ho, not slSb, who must dio ! How should ho rise aud look upon tho day whon thoy oamo to toll him his lovo was dead P How should ho livo, whon in a fow days thoy would troad hor swoot body into day ? Oh ! his cursed doubt of her that had not died until ho saw lior lio so palo upon tho boards. As though toars of blood woro x'ising from his hoart to his oyos tho man looked into a rod mist as somo ono camo into tho room, and ho sat up. It was tho doctor. , , ' Woll P' It was all Oylmor could say. ' I don't know.' His voioo oliangod sud donly to doopost pity at tho haggard faoo be foro him, aged and livid as if with years. ' My dear Oylmor, I don't know. Sho is alivo; but tho blow must -liavo boon a oruol ono. Sho may live for days in a ktupor, as sho lies now.' . . 'And thon P' ' Sho is young aud strong. Sho may havo vitality onough — ' But ho oould not finish. Ho know that in all human probability tho. oandlo of lior lifo would burn lowor and lower till soarooly oven ho would know whon it was burnod away. , , ' ' Con I go to hor P I waa going to marry hor,'. Cylmor'S' voioo was porfootly stoady ns ho roao, a strango llguro in his ovorooat, that ho had novor tnkon off, a soarlot stain on its fawn-coloui'od sloovo. Tho doctor noddod. ' Sho won't know you, Oylmor — Bho has novor oponod hor oyos.; but sho brodthos still, I'll bo horo till morning.' ' Broatlios still.' Tho gontlo words rang iu Cylmor's oars as ho wont upstairs. But yostorday sho had boon all his own j to-day all that pity oould find to, say was that. Prophotio, full of tragedy, hor words oamo baok to him, that tag of old pootry she had usod : 'To-day is onllod. too Into t no moro; faro wall,' (To U continued.) / 