THE WHARF LABOURERS' UNION. so INAUGURATED BY THE PREMIER. LABOUR LEGISLATION PROMISED. At the Federation Hall, Princes-street, last night, about dOO men assembled to honour the occasion of the official opening of the Wharf Labourers' Union. Mr H Mason, president of the organisation, occupied the chair Amongst those on the platform were the Premier, Mr W J Lyne, the Minister for Works, Mr E W. O'Sullivan, Messrs Macdonald, Spruson, S Smith, E M Clark, Mcaijher, Watson, A Chapman, Dicey, and Law, Ms L A , Archdeacon Langley, and the Rev Father Aubrey The Chairman, in opening the proceedings, said the great assemblage present fully bore out the belief that unionism was a living force in the industrial world (Cheers Mr W.M. He (lies, M.L.A., the secretary to the men, said the organisation had been the outcome of three months' unremitting work on the part of a number of men Not even the ghost of the union existed prior to three months ago Now it contained 1100 members, and bad £200 to its credit in the City Bank (Hear, hear ) The union had been formed to enable wharf labourers to maintain their dignity and their rights without harassing their employers The union having been started by men why were determined to see it through would seek to secure as a member every wharf labourer who was worthy of the name of a mare It was conducted entirely on the basis of voluntary effort No official got a farthing for his services The subscription to the union was very small, within the mc line of almost every man who earned a livelihood on the plants Already the effect of forming the union had been to steady the tendency on the part of various men to take lower wages than late rates It was the intention of the union to be a political as well as r n industrial factor in repairs The Government would be told by the union of the condition in which the Employers' Liability Act was at present The union wanted the Government to help to rectify such a state of things, and to introduce J. Workmen's Compensation Bill (Hear, hear ) IheMiuisterlor Works, Mr T W O'Sullivan who was received with cheers, was introduced as an old trades unionist and ex- president of the Seamen's Union. He said it gave him great pleasure to see the Wharf Labourers' Union fresh rigged and munno I (Hear, hear) trades unionism had done more for the masses during the last 70 or 80 years than all the teachings of philosophers and statesmen It had rained wages and, shortened hours, and had widely operated for the benefit of all mankind Australia had led the world in labour movements He was one of those who thought that, if capital would only work hand-in-hand with labour, unionism would benefit capital as well as labour (Hear, hear 1 the enabling of both parties to go to some court for the settlement of industrial disputes should be one of the aims of the labour party to achieve The Government had done something for the working man It had re tired union rates to be paid for skilled labour on Government works, and it had fixed a minimum rate of wage for labourers in Government employ at 7s per day (Cheers ) He was rejoiced to find that the Wharf Labourers' Union had again got on its legs. His hope was that it would prosper and become a protection to its members (Cheers ) 1 be Premier Mr W J Lyne) who was received with hearty cheering, said unionism was preserva- tion He took some credit on behalf of the Government in carrying through some humanitarian legisla- tion (Hear, hear ) the Early Closing Act would come into force next Monday That would be a red letter day in the history of an immense number of employees, who in the past had been nothing better than white shares (Cheers ) He sincerely hoped the Act would realise what was anticipated of it, namely that it would give those it would benefit more leisure In passing the Act he had had the undivided support of the labour party, and the especially intelligent aid of Mr Hughes M L A 3 The Government t Tickle's, another big question when it introduced the Navigation Bill in face of the strong opposition Inch had been exhibited against such a measure formerly in the form in which the Act waspiissrl he believed it would be acceptable An old of praise was due to Mr Smith, M.L.A. for his assistance in the matter (Cheers ) After quoting these two achievements, he thought he might say the Government had carried out reasonable democratic legislation He used the word "reasonable" with consideration, because he did not think he would attempt to do anything that was not progressive and in the interests of humanity, even if he were asked he asked the Wharf Labourers' Union to use all the power that would come to it if its members stood together with that discretion that wise men displayed in the use of power If the union allowed its members' feelings to run rampant it would, perhaps, end in chaos If the union asked for nothing but what was fair, capital and labour might in the future, hand in hand Secure mutually beneficial results that otherwise could not be obtained by either party He hoped the union would make for industrial peace instead of struggle in wishing the union every success he asked it to be reasonable The legislation of the Government would not be of a revolutionary character, but it would be, if possible, in the direction of assisting the people to lead a better life than they had led in the past (Cheers ) He was asked to declare the union formally open In doing so, he had to remark that he was glad to see Archdeacon Langley present It would be well if the union were carried on in a spirit tinned a 5th The doctrines which the archdeacon so ably preached I on Sundays (Hear, hear ) Archdeacon Langley said he was much obliged for the honour of being asked to be present He was a warm supporter of trade unionism Firstly, because it prevented sweating, which he abominated , secondly, because he believed it tended to elevate the social and moral life of trades unionists and thirdly, because he believed that instead of tending to bring about bad feeling between capital and labour it was more likely than anything else to bring about right feeling. The wharf labourers bad ideas him the honour to elect him a trustee of their union. He would endeavour faithfully to discharge the responsibility. As a resolution moved by him in favour of trades unionism was carried by his synod almost unanimously, he felt in being present he was acting not only individually but in a representative character. The Rev. Father Aubrey also made a sympathetic speech. Pope Leo XIII., he said, recently issued a letter in which his Holiness declared that a working man should not only earn enough to purchase him the necessaries of life, but should have leisure also to cultivate his mental powers and to have reasonable recreation. Messrs Spruson, Smith, Watson, Clark, Meagher, and Law, Mr. A , Messrs. Bavister, F. Brennan (president of the Eight-hours Committee), G. Herbert (secretary of the Coal Lumpers' Union), and J Cochrane (president of the Australian Labour Federation), all spoke in appreciation of the union, and many in favour of improved labour legislation. On the motion of Mr. Hughes, M.L.A , a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the Premier and Minister for Works for their attendance The Premier, in reply, said some of the speakers spoke as if they thought he could be driven There should be no mistake about that His object and intention was to lead all not to be driven, in the future his Government hoped to be able to direct the thought of the community into good channels. (Hear, hear.) As to the Conciliation Bill, next session he WDUIII fulfil his promise to introduce it. If he got that support which he felt now he would got the bill would be followed by other progressive measures. He had not investigated fully the details of the Workmen's Compensation Act passed else- where if it seemed to him, after investigation, that a bill of the kind was one he could support, he would have no hesitation in introducing one which would improve on the Acts of other countries. (Hear, hear.) When earlier in the evening he referred to the presence of Archdeacon Langley he was not aware another clergyman was on the platform. He was glad to see the representatives of the Churches blending their influence and their religion in the good cause all present had attended to support. (Cheers.) A hearty vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, on the motion of Mr. Dacey, ML A., and Mr. G. £3 Smith. Three cheers were given for u The Founders and Promoters of the Wharf Labourers' Union," atYho suggestion of the Minister for Works. 