SUFFERING AND SYMPATHY. (Preached, by Dr. William Alexander, Archbishop of Armagh, in Westminster. Abbey on Sunday, June-11, in connection; with the hospital Sunday fund.) ' "After this Jesus saitli, I thirst. Now, there was set a vessel full of vinegar, and they filled a sponge with vinegar and put it upon hyssop, and put it into His mouth."—John xix., 28, 29. There seems to be-a distinction,if not a j difference, betwen modern feeling and the feeling, of the ancient Christians upon the sufferings of our blessed Lord. The feel ing of older Christians generally was that there was no suffering like His; but mo dern Christians have often argued that the thieves — the bandits—upon the errors must have suffered more than our Lord because they suffered longer. But after all it is not the case that the lower the mental and the bodily organisation and texture of a man so he: suffers the less ? Ho, Christ suffered supremely. After the agony and bloody sweat in Geth semane, after being dragged about from tribunal to tribunal, from Caiaphas to Pilate, from Pilate to Herod, from Herod back again to Pilate, after the tliree-fold mockery, after the scourging with that tremendous Eoman scourge, af ter the cramps, the peculiar accompani ment of the pain upon the cross, after the dereliction, after the darkness, after the drops pouring down slow and thick upon the dust of Golgotha, the fierce thirst of death sets in. And our suffering Lord does not dwell upon it. Prom those white lips there falls but one word; but that word is sufficient, "I thirst." In the text our Blessed Lord seems to me to express His belief in the humanity of man. The church, which holds and con fesses original sin, yet may be contrasted favorably with the great historian, per haps the greatest, from a human point of view, who ever lived, " lord of that mas ter's Spell—a solemn sneer." Gibbon every now and then talks in a pompous language of the dignity of main, and yet he is ever on the look out, he is ever spurting the vitriol and planting the stiletto; lie seems to say to those who believe in Christ: There are three kinds of men and women of whom you Christians delight to speak —the saints, the virgins, the martyrs. I have listened to the writers of the ancient world, and I could tell you a great many things about these people about which you know nothing. The saints, if you knew all about them, they are not so saintly; the virgins, if you knew} all about them they are not so pure; and the martyrs, after all, they do not nearly represent the eagle flight of the soul to the bosom of its .God through the fires of agony. They represent a lower element of animated nature—they represent the obstinacy of the mule. How in the text we seem — do we not ?— to perceive that our Saviour believed that man was recoverable, that man had something that was soft, and pure, and gentle in him, and our Lord came, as a great writer of old beautifully has express ed it in another context, to give humanity to man. He believes that the elements of humanity are there in the hardest heart. He seems to say, "I- ;cannot use these hands which are nailed to the tree; if a cup 'of cold water were offered to Me 1 could not raise it to My lips, yet I know of the humanity among you—'I thirst.' " And then, is it not the case that' the lat ter-.part -of the text shows us that there was some emotion which took possession of many of those who were standing round? The sweet contagion of pity spread from one to another. Men and_ wo men are not like bricks and stones in a building, which have only a local contigui ty; they touch each other, they quicken or soften your pulses. And so was it in this ease. We may perhaps see here the first ripple of the great tide of sympathetic helpfulness which in the course of age3 has made medicine one of the first sciences, and to the hospital given something of the awful sacredness of a temple of the Most High God. Pity for suffering is, in deed, a great reconciler in this age of di vided Christendom. Christ felt that mystery of pain which broods over the whole sentient creation. Ho man can explain it, and I am not going to attempt a task for which I am unfitted; but -it seems to me that there are simple thoughts which may charm away, at least in a measure, the clouds of this mystery of pain in a sentient creation, which seems to many sensitive hearts to draw a shadow over the face of our loving God. First, then, is it not the case that pain_ is the correlative of all sentient, of all finite life It is, I say, the correlative of sentient life. I suppose, if I may presume to say so, that if any biologists are present amongst us they would agree that irritability is the first property of living matter; they would say this can feel, therefore it lives. They would also say, this lives, therefore it can feel. Absence of painful sensation means the absence of life, or the approach of j death in the well-known case of leprosy and other cases. Yes, pain and pleasure are vibrations of the same cord.' Pleasure in intensity and height ascends to pain. A second thought' which I would indicate to you is that when we look at the mystery of nain from a moral point of view, when we look at it as it affects humanity,_ we are bound to confess that much pain is penal, that it is richly deserved by those who . have undergone it. Then, thirdly, much pain, as it is.inflicted upon us who are the loving children if God, much pain is, so to speak,, sacramental. Without suffering, a great German writer has said, is no man noble. What, a realm of thought is thus opened to us. Ever and anon Christ comes and lays His crown of thorns upon the brow, which then grows hot and burning. Ever and anon the great High Priest comes to some of us children, and, as in the case of the . great ordinance of: Has Church, "He takes dnd breaks," He who is so loving, He who knows so much better than ourselves, "He takes and. breaks," and so He blesses. . So it is. through this mystery of pain' that the great army of elect is ever gaining in its numbers, is ever recruited by fresh soldiers; and those soldiers have brows and faces that are touched and softened by the discipline of pain. And in the new light that comes from another world the lies of agony are smoothed out and changed, as when your window has been opened in the night in some building which is near the Alps, when the thunderstorm has passed you see lines that you know have been black chang ing into silver on the Alpine heights. Ever more the old dialogue is going on with the children of God, a Voice from Heaven that ■asks, "Who are these?" and -the answer from hearts below, "Thou knowest," and then the everlasting words, "These are they which have come out of great tribu lation." There is the frequent murmur that goes up from the hearts and the lips of those who have looked upon pain in those they love best. How often has some parent said, " This dear child whom I love better than life is suffering and fading away. Oh, my Father, Thou art a loving bather, Thou art love; if I had power I would not suffer the little one to; suffer as this dear child suffers." " Ob, my Father, when Thou couldest wilt Tliou not take him?" Oh, that word "could" must be much quali fied when it is. applied to God. When He created finite" sentient beings, let me dare to use the expression, He limited His' own. power; He limited it for a time. In the Old Testament this is one voice that sounds forth to the dges that suffer, "I wound and I heal." The word in the original seems to imply the sewing together of the lips of a wound, the agony of the future is stayed, by the very needle which inflicts a greater pain. . Let me cad'your attention to one point specially this'evening:' the increasing re lief of pain as the generations , go f on amongst us. This generation "has brought to' light a great number of memoirs of people in the last century or more; and I think this progress of the relief given , to human pain by benevolent science is' mar vellously illustrated by many of these bio graphies. You take up a biography, you .are fascinated by it, as the man who is the ^subject of it has perhaps been long an ob ject of your thoughts. But howeyer long and splendid and successful the . life may ■seem to have been, you come to the last chapter, and . in many of these biographies you are brought in the narratives and let ters of biographers into the sick room, and you are told shortly and simply but quite clearly how medicine dealt with the sub ject of the biography. Have any of you happened to see a remarkable little volume in which a young Italian physician,. who was attached to the suite of the Great Napoleon, details the history of his last months ? The pages indeed tell us a squa lid tragedy. No glimpse of the splendor of the " sun of Austerlitz" fell upon that once splendid face. The foetid effluence comes from the chamber, and then those reme dies, it seems to us so perfectly awful, the bleeding, the frightful blisters, emetics, the strength of those terrible medicines; and so it goes on until in the three eloquent words of the closing word of aiHarveian oration by a great physician, many years dead, "Medicus venit Mors:" "Death comes as the physician who has the true medicine." But even when medicine was thus tentative and imperfect, when it tor tured as well as cured, what heroic faith people had in medicine. A bishop of the Church of Ireland: may well feel a glow of pride when he mentions the name of Bis hop Berkeley, that pure and holy spirit, of whom wrote even the sarcastic poet of Queen Anne's reign To Berkeley every virtue under heaven. Some of us may have seen that singular and beautiful little treatise of his, called "Cyrus,"- in which the great thinker as cends from the virtues of tar water, which he began to look upon \ as a panacea for almost every disease, up to the thought of the ever-present Trinity of the Father and Son and Holy Ghost. In the year 1752, a year of famine and epidemic in Ireland, Berkeley was at his best, and lived a life that was worthy of a bishop, of a hero, and of a saint. Bishop Berkeley went to one part of England and there he : died, and was buried; not in the distant home which he knew so well, not within the walls of this great shrine of departed worthies; he died and was buried at Ox ford, the predestined retreat of idealists, of causes which are beautiful in their ruins, of speculations that utter their f:nest, their strongest and loveliest' music just before they die. Oh, if Bishop Berkeley could have seen the triumphs of medicine! Oh, if he could have known the splendid pa tience that watches by millions of such beds with noble pity, which expresses it self in beneficent discoveries! What if he could have known the two great dis coveries, the two great victories of practi cal physiology—the use of anaesthetics and the triumph of antiseptic surgery, with the thousands, of lives it has saved in the case of severe surgical operations! My brethren, the cry of the text, and the underlying appeal of the words, "I thirst," had its effect, and that effect continues for those who ' have learnt to see Christ in His people. There have been splendid offer ings given again and again to. hospitals of the sick, but Christ our Lord in four words, when He speaks of . those visiting the sick visiting 'Him, has given to the sick all the boundless treasures' of the strength of the man and of the affection of the woman. "I thirst!" cries the dying Christ, and the victim of fever, of cancer, of accidents, of consumption; the little children with their hot fingers, and with their little wizened faces prematurely old, they cry, too,I thirst!" The body of Napoleon reposed for many years near the limpid waters of which, he said, he had so often tasted and found refreshment fox his agony. But for Christ our Lord, give Him what you can in His sufferings. His are the thousand spai-kling rills From the thousand hills that burst,. And fill with music all the hills. And yet He cries, "I thirst!" Listen tc that cry of Christ, and help Him in help ing them;, help to lift the sponge, and place it upon the hyssop; and touch with it: those pale and dying lips. » She—"Have you many, poor relations?" He—"None that I know." She—"Many rich ones?" ; He—"None that-know me." "I am glad to say,-".remarked Mr. Seek .ton, '.'that -I never spoke, a hasty word to you." , , '*No, j Leonidas," answered . his : wife rather gently, "I'm willing to give, you .credit , for not; hurrying about any-1 thing." i • ■/ ... ;r ' Wife—'"The .price. of 'the' clock was . £2, but I got a discount, so it only cost me [ £1 16/." Husband—"Yes, but you could have got the same thing at Beezle's for £1 10/," Wife—"That may be, but then Beezle wouldn't have taken off any thing." . 