8UBBENT TOPICS. " The members of the Australian Eleven, hav ing got together In London, have settled down to practice- In real earnest, and, so far, all'- is well. That the practice wickets, are soft will . give the new men a foretaste of what, they may expect to encounter during the tour. One of the vacant dates against All England has been fixed' for July 6, at Truro. As all the members of the team are well, and the prospects cf a good ' beginning otherwise .bright, .we may. look forward to-fhe success , .of the team without misgiving. From... this forth it may be expected that the doings of the -cricketers will serve, to divert public at tention to a large extent from the fierce light that beats on the question of Federation. By reterendum day, . Mr. Reld, Mr. Barton, and Dr. MacLaorin may expect to share -some of their fame with those.of the team who may -have distinguished themselves in bowling or '.batting. Discontent In Canada at the Imperial Go vernment's withdrawal from the' scheme of Joint ownership of the Pacific cable Is natu ral. .It is so because that cable Is in Canada a.'Tetish," and-the worship: of fetishes makea calmness and sequence-impossible, to thought. The withdrawal of the British Government turns out not to be a withdrawal from the agreement to join in the ownership, but a correction of an erroneously-inspired pfets statement to - that- effect, it is, In . fact, the- withdrawal of somebody else's lie. . That there Is some proposal afoot Mr. .Chamberlain told ,Mr. .Hogun yesterday. So:l'arrthe air is clear. r The best .way to clear- It altogether, would be to' put the Pacific cable, not at the bottom of; the sea; but.'beyond the- pale of practical con sideration. , i'BUlites" and "Auti- Btllites" — those of the -latter class who are honest in their Federal professions — can agree with his Grace of Devonshire about the relation between colo nial Federation and colonial defence. It is now one of the commonplaces of . Federation that the common defence of these colonies y.'lll be uncommonly bettered by the union Which is strength. The two military cssen- tlalq.are command and commisariat, and the (essence of both Is unity of thought and pur pose.' Armament , and organisation are a thhd -and fourth, and the basis of these is uniformity. Upon these four attends cele rity of movement, without which the best armies. are useless. Some good people of Ballarat have set in motion a prosecution against a carter for "moving pantomime scenery on Sunday. The Information was laid under an Act of Charles H. It was pleaded that as the company haJ tc perform on Monday, and as there was no (;iine to shift the scenery on the Saturday night, there was no help for it but to get It to the theatre from the railway station on the Sabbath. There does not appear to be any solid reason why this musty statute should be held over the heads of people who never did anything to Charles II. When the provincial Parliaments have the. time to spare, they might go Into this question of Sunday observance, and define the law In accordance, not with the notions which ruled people In the days of the Stuarts, but In agreement with modern Ideas. Anyhow, let us have a law which will ensure respect. General Booth, In one of his merry moods, declared that even If his "Army" did r.o other good, It provided the people with plenty of fun. Something similar may be said of tlie Anti-Blllites' present campaign. So many wholly irrelevant matters have been dragged into the question at Issue, and -so ridiculous are some of the objections put up, that we may soon expect to heur such senseless shouts as, "Tha Bill Is essentially a meat-eater's bill, and ment-eatlng dulls a man's brain and clogs his mental understanding!'- "The Bill Is a brewer's bill, and Is written In beer on- the heads of empty barrels!" "The\BIU Is the primary causo'of the wi\r in Samoa, and . It has also protracted the droug"ht and spoilt all the best fishing-grounds in the harbour!'-! . , "Federation means tlie free introduction of phylloxera - from - Victoria, the measles from - South Australia, the tick, from Queensland, -- and the codlln moth from Tnsmanla."."Tho Bill Is a Woman's. League bill, and It It passes every single man will be taxed 10s In the - Si, and every married man will be com pelled to 'wash-up' und-stay at homo at night- to 'mind the baljy. ,,.Down with , the Bill;. It- was never framed for a pure purpose!" -. \- Some time ago a certain butcher had a )>-t of his so- called "cheap meat" condemned by a market Inspector as. unfit for sale. , By. way -of /'settling >the: trouble ; satisfactorily to .ill, however, a . retired butcher was requested to form himself Into a court of conciliation and arbitration, and inspect the. suspicious stuff, -and give his. judgment on-the matter. This- he did very - conscientiously and carefully, ; and: when the time came to give his decision lie- said: "So far as I can. judge this meat- is certainly not -fit for human food; but still' 1 don't see anything to prevent its being turned into, sausages."- That candid opinion may throw some light on the .fact- that although the price of beef and mutton . recently went .up to an unreasonable altitude at a single bound, the price of. that mysterious article, : tile sausage, remained bb usual.- When Par liament meets again perhaps some lion. -mem, her .who . has the Interests of the- people, at heart will demand a Royal Commission of . \- inquiry to Investigate this matter, and probe the suspicious sausage to Its very core. Most persons liave probably heand of the. gay' and festive' Irishman who,, while being- tried for having killed, a friend . at' Donny- ; brook by a "tap at- a slitlok V on' the top of the head, reminded the Jury thiit the medi cal evidence showed .that the, skull of the de-. ceased was abnormally thin; and then, as a finishing touch to - his defence, ' the - culprit scornfully asked: "What kind av a head was that for a mahn to take with- him to a fair?" That anecdote lias been recalled' by the feet that at lils Balmaln meeting Mr. John Haynes solemnly declared that his blood- fairly boiled wltli-i'lgliteous Indignation when lie heard 1'remler Reld's assertion to the ef fect that.it was ; sometimes necessary for public men to strain the truth a trifle. Every one who knows "John'! will adequately- appre ciate his Intense hatred of truth perversion, but, at the same time, everyone also knows that a certain- amount of' dissimulation is ,ac- cusionally necessary in political life. And so; In the candid spirit of the above-mention ed Irishman, we may ask: What right has any man to' go into political- life with such a super-sensitive conscience as that appar ently 'oivnodby John Haynes? Yesterday,, at Brisbane, a good many peo ple, properly mindful: of their own or .their, forbears'- .-obligations, wore celebrating the , advent of Dr. Lang in Moreton Bay. vlf the spirit of the-- old.man had been about; and liad chanced to flit front Moreton Bay to Sydney, what would have been thought of the . Town Hull proceedings lust night? Is It possible to Imagine j the old patriot in- face . of such an audience as that, and with the cablegram of the day. in his hands, in which the-cnief Obstructionist -gave It as his word to i this colony to mistrust nil. neighbours? Can we fully realise-'tlie measure of his withering contempt .for tlie . tactics and the cause of those who' have sometimes Invoked his name? He was not unfamiliar with battle, "I fought as wltli beasts at Ephesus," he says' pf his contest with ..thei (Se'ebungs -of "his' own time.' And. -there was 'something noble, about that. I-Ie- would need to condescend to dog- flghts. and ..wild-cat scrimmages if -amongst us now, and would- be. thankful, if lie saw, that he yielded, up the - ghost before these things came to. pass. , Six years (Minister I-Togue's proud, boast notwithstanding) is. noi the longest tenure of office recorded In ' connection with Austral asian Premiership. There is genial, despotic, Practical; Sir John Forrest, who has been monarch of the WeBt for over eight years, and, if we may go across the herring pond, to \- New. Zealand, Mr. Seddon began ills seventh .year of office yesterday. It Is consistency in liis radical aim which- lias- carried Premier Seddon safely through many mistakes, and good seasons and good prices have helped much. Sooner, or later the pendulum must swing the other way, as it always does under- British Constitutional rule. But,, in the meantime, Maorilonders feel that their coun try. Is an example of the benefits of political peace. : , ' Russia is steadily pushing forward to the waters .of- tlie Persian Gulf. Her engineers are now engaged In surveying the route of a railway extension through Persia- The line: from Tiflis to Kurs needs a very slight extension to bring- it Into Persian territory, and , once there, as the presence of the Rus sian officials sliowB, the Shah will not offer any opposition to the construction of the line right through to ; the Persian Gulf. At the extremity of the;PorBian.Guif is Oman, where France, Russia's' staunch ally, sought recent ly -to secure a coaling station. Wltli. Russia, and France jolnlng'hands in the Persian Gulf, a formidable base of operations against India would be" established.'' The defeat of tlie French move in Oman settled one part of the scheme, but the presence of the Russian engi neers in Persia will revive the fear of the- Persian Gulf being converted into a Russian lake. The offer of the chairman of the Eastern Extension Company, for, it Is practically ar. offer, ought to. revive public interest in that company s proposals regarding an all-British cable —via the Cape; When those proposals were made In February of 1S9S, they ; were generally acknowledged to be fairly liberal. It cannot, therefore, be generally displeasing to learn that they may bo disposed of one way or the Other before six months, That the dis posal -may be favourable the company's cliairmiu virtually intimates by his offer to reduce the existing tariff before the end of the contract period on certain conditions. These are cither a guarantee, or. a renewal of the subsidy. The former is the more reason able, aiul would be a cheaper aid (than , a Pacific guarantee) to a certainly better ser vice. ' " The' Antl-BUl League, having proved that It has funds, by prepaying Mr. Want's message to the extent of 2G words, or thereabouts, has also given evidence of Its resources, by the If, sue of handbills on Federation. If' the Leugue's resources are as weak, as He logic, then there wbn't be much room for agitation. Here Is a speclment of the arguments: — "The alterations mude in It (the- Bill) at the Pre miers' Secret Conference are alterations in words only. In all its evil essentials tlie Bill remains the same." Now, what we want the League gentlemen to explain is why they per sist in calling the Bill the Secret Conference Bill, when, by their own words, they state that the Bill was not altered, except In words, at the Premiers' Conference, and is practi cally the Bill of the Convention. The Bill, being the Bill 'of the Convention, can't pos sibly be the Bill of a Secret Corllerence, be cause the Convention— all the Conventions- were held In public. And as the League gen tlemen keep oq saying that the Bill is the Ifill of the Secret .Conference, and also that It Is the Bill of the Convention, which wasn't . secret, .will . someone rise and explain what the? League" is '.driving at? -If .It merely bor rowed the parrot cry, without comprehending what It means, -.then, no-sensible elector will pay any more attention . to it than "to the voice of a cockatoo screaming In the wilder- : ness. . - The race between ,the great Atlantic nlonm- ers the, Luc'iinia -and : the Si.-Louis, though .doubtless very, exciting, 'is not- the sort, of . -contest which should be encouraged. . That the Lucanla made New York, some four, hours curlier than the St. Louis may seein a" great achievement when described under flaring headlines in the New York press, but when the anxiety and worry entailed by the race of a thousand miles in mid-ocean is fully considered It will -be found that a four hours' advantage Is poor compensation: for. the high pressure at which- men . and -engines, must have worked. It Is difficult to understand the motive df the greut compnnles whlclv own these swift liners in permitting races be tween, vessels laden with so many human -lives. One accident under such circumstan ces would do more damage to a line than could be repaired- by all the advantages" ao- cr.ultig-t.from any -number -of such victories as that of , the Lucanla. : The, old story that the guard on the honey moon train calls: out "Fifteen . minutes for divorce 'Va Chicago, seems 4n;a fair way to be irealised iiivour time, judging from a cable mes sage to -hand this morning.- The report status dliat ..-Mrs:-- Sloan-e. wife of : a million aire, having been divorced by lier glided better half, married Mr. Belmont,, another million aire, within four hours. Which is rather an abrupt transfer of marital vbivs. Between this and tlie stage at which the -expectant bridu- groom- will" wait In the- coul-t until the decreu Is pronounced there is a' very short distance. AVe have not quite reached that stage In Syd ney, but the t/eud of divorce matters Is that way. . It is -not long since a lair petitioner asked- his Honor Mr. Justice- Simpson to set her free as soon as possible, us she had had;, an excellent offer: of- marriage, which she did not wish to lose. Mrs. Sloane must have been In a greater hurry .when she hastened to make; sure'of the second millionaire. Signs arc not wanting that the Flllplno3 are weakening In their opposition to the American occupation, - and , General, Otis has, seized, the opportunity to. offer a-full unities-, ty to the belligerents if they- will surrender unconditionally. Though the food supplies of. the Filipinos are reported to- be, abundant,, they cannot --.hope.- to renew-;. their stores of ammunition.' while the American warships maintain a careful watch , along the . coast. Strong suspicion existed, that the Germans managed to supply the insurgents, with arms . and ammunition, which may explain much of the -bitterness with lliicli tlie Americans have 'resented Teutonic; interference.; . In a sup-- posed consignment of rice the. , Americans discovered arms,, "and in other unexpected; forms, have seized a consldei-alile quantity of : contraband of war. The offer of an amnesty to all who have borne arms against the'Ame-- rlcans should prove acceptable; to the Fill-, plnos if tliey are amenable to reason. 1 ; . Cobar wants a water supply, as all who know Cobar will admit.. A' thriving mining t centre out in the ten-Inch rainfall , country .- Is not likely to get on yery: comfortably with- ' uut some adequate: storage of water:- ' But ' Gobor- also' W-- Yeason'dbiy: afraid ' o'f the) bill which will follow on Government con struction. - Five or ten thousands may be talked about and agreed on, , but' tlie experi ence of : all otlier towns shows that when the reckoning comes It will be '.for' double tlio amount . fixed. And so Cobar desires to build up, lior own responsibilities under her , own supervision. The local engineer, whose' cre dentials have been' accepted by the Govern ment, is willing to glve security to the amount of ten per cent, of the cost, involved that Ills estimates will not be exceeded,' or. If It Is considered preferable, ; the borough council '-. will give the security. But the department will not have the cine or the other.' It will .put on Its own- engineer; .force ;; his notlona down the Cobar ''throat, nnd' In- the end of things, take the cost of them out of the Cobai pocket. Cobar .objects to: this strenuously, and, let us hope, wlille -yet there is time. Though the determination of t|ie Maorlland Government to grade all butter and.eheese for export .comes late, It: is difficult to understand why It has come at all,. The circumstances are Just what they were at the beginning of this slow period of deliberation. The uncertainty of the effects, of the voyage Js the same, and so le the consequent ref usal of buyers to rely upon the grade marks, however sure they may bo that those marks wore properly representative at the start. As the buyers rely upon their, own grading, a Government grade brand can do no harm- And unless it is proposed to pro hibit the export of", every article not up to a minimum grade standard— a thing which would not be tolerated for an Instant— a Go vernment "grade can do no good. The Goths and Vandals are out once more, marauding/ - At the /outset- of their filibuster ing they fell upon Hyde Park, and wore re pulsed. Now they want Farm Cove. They are actuaily attacking that beautiful and fa vourite public -resort, Insidiously, of course. First- they "began with their Victorian ally's modest request for a little corner of the Go- ' vernment House grounds. Now, they have discovered that the little corner Is not big. enough to accommodate 60 trains. To-mor row "ithe 50 will become 100, apd after that it won't be long before wo have a. network of rails over the gardens, and the screech of the shunting engine near Mrs. Macquurie's Chair, to say nothing of the axes of the Goths at '/the 'roots ;of the great pines, which offend: Goths, Vandals, and other , barbarians by i bringing in no revenue untll tliey are dead. It is rather late In the.day to' challenge the right of thd Aborigines Board to cfeate lcinps, '/ but It may lie questioned by what -authority, i Mr. Fosbery and :the' other autocrats of the beard elevate Combo to the throne of Angle- . dc-ol. . Coiribo may have no. more right to the throne than Mataafa lias to the ltlngshlp of Bamoa, though there Is apparently no treaty prohibiting him from exercising tlie royal pre rogatives, whatever tliey may be. In Anglc- dool. But the Board should let the public, who find the money for the brass plato, know whe ther there Is any other claimant to the throne of Angledool besides Combo. Has Combo . satisfied the Board as to his pedigree; has he brought evidence to prove that his ancestors were big chiefs in that part'of the country long i before Captain Cook landed? The Board had - better be exceedingly careful to creating monarchs In tills off-hand fashion. And least - of all should there be any secret conference about the business. The question of succos- : sion was nominally settled in an open meeting, but there Is a suspicion that the preliminaries were concocted in camera. The Board should explain for the benefit of the Anti-Federal organ whether, there was a secret conference over the appointment of King Combo. ' If so. Ills brass plate must be withheld. 