r;-, .'j. I |' '''l ? ' - ? r j A foolish Heroine. CHAPTER IY. ' I musfc grant you the liberty of , applying your own terms to your own subjects o? conversation, ' said I. ' THank you,' he rejoined. ' Not at all, but what were you go ing to a ay 1 Pray do not permit a polite skirmish , to' ; waive aside, the; battle.' He ; grinned.. ? maliciously. 'YeB, I have .been told that you are the author of a piece of treachery that, has vilified me. I refer to tlie so- called satire that recently appeared. Was I correctly informed?' ' I doubt not that your ^informant, on one occasion at least,' was a truthful person. ' Then you wrote iif? ! j 'Yes.' He arose and put his gloves into his I pocket. Hia lips grew white and his j eyes r assumed te expression ? ?whicb in one fla^.jshowed'ine J,the-deiBp''.ba;3eness of hia nature. ' Aa you have gained, the information ?which inspired your visit, do .you not think that your withdrawal would be appropriate V Another malicious grin. 'You think- that- you - hare- done- a -great, piece of wbrk,!f-said he. ' I have no doubt done the country a valueblo service.' and ono that you ? shall re gret.' , ' Impossible^, A-man 'never, regrets having served his country.' ' Oh, I forgot your patriotism. Per haps I shall call upon you to perform another service; but.it may. be . danger-. ous._ ; itl^onljiibe a., ^reat'pi'y , to cut-' short your literary career,' but, then, such an event ' might be: of service to the press. Tired , proof-readers ii, and worn-out' compositors might rejoice. 1 fcave the pleasure, sir, of slapping your face.' Before X .could realize the meaning of his vrordsi he had slapped me, tut then, with a quickness which surprised even myself, I knocked him down. I did not stop at this. VI kicked ' hiui, dragged him to the door,, out .into the hallway, and ? tumbled him down atairs. ' . I returned to my room, and sat down. Then it occurred to. me that I. might have filled the , Colonel. I went back into the hallway and looked down the stairs. He waa gone. I raised a ; ?window- and -looked out. I saw him, walking slowly down the street. 'I shall be - arrested,' I : thought,- 'and cake the consequences. Having more influence than I, he can make it very uncomfortable for me. He doubtless thought tha j- I would' resent, his insult -by challenging ' himi' I waited -nd waited, bnt no ofEcor came. Several days passed and still I was aofe arrested, but every footstep on the stairway startled me. One , evening, my friend (JCartwright, the humiorist; called on me. During several years ihe had done paragrapic and sketch worlc on Brown'sT papery His .feyoured position caused- much dissatifacfclon ? -among uniflssa- ginatiye- editorial writers and news condenser^. 'Come in, Carbwrig&i; ; I am glad to see yon.' 'Glad you're glad,;' he:'- replied,. as he aat down.,./ 'What . makes; you ;ao pale, Barker! You - look as' though you have . been ? flaiiociating Trith ghosts.' 'I haven't been very well of late.' '?'.By the way. you laid Brown out in firat-rsto shape, I waa glad of it, for if ever 4&®re wan a scoundrel, he's the man,' ' I am surprised to hear, you talk so, Oartwrighti You aiways appeared to be liis friend.' ' Oh, yes, I had to be, so long as my daily bread depended on his favour. I tell you what's a fact, a man who lias a wife an-l sis: children to support can j shut his oyea to a great many things. How are you getting along with your book T 'Slowly. It is such hard work that rapid progress ib impossible/' ' I would advise you to drop your; nam de plume and us 3 your own name. The pen name business is about run in the groun-J, Why, the humorists are now writing under their own names, ?and if any man should be ashamed of (his work, I think the humorist is the ?hi aat. Say, you talk about the difficul ties of' straight literature! Why, my «dear follow, it is nothing. You should ?attempt humor. It . requires quick ?description— a portrait made by one ecratch of the pen ; a p insight as sud den as a flash, and yet, must ;al| .along show a profound respect for the read er's imagination. You must permit a snao to see a point, yet you must not v?how it to him. You must leave him tinder the impression that lie is a dis coverer. Straight literature is alto gether different. You oan yield to ?mood You can bo gay and sad, light or heavy, prolix or Condensed. You ? can shorten conversation or string out (description ; you can commit a murder or bury a lovely child that lias been rudely snatched like a flower whose beauty has just .begun to dawn with a promise of coming splendor ; you can act tho fool with a negro, character or play tlie profound scholar with 4 sage: feut the humeri c-fc — ,tjie unfor tunate painter whose colors must al w-iT.s bo bright — kills his- gentler im ?pukes, and tierkles the public's nose ?With the perfumed feather of a red ibird. 'Then,' said I, . amused at- my friend, 'why do you not writ® airatgh& l^toefr «Mt' (To be coa'iaaed,| 