THE GIMCRACK CLUB. [CHRONICLED BY W. T. G.] THE usual weekly meeting of the Gimcrack Club was held at the rooms, Cartridge- street, Balmain, on Wednesday last, the President (Mr. Phineas Gripsnap) occupying the chair. Mr. McChalkitup said they had all learned with deep regret of the disaster, the un- fortunate reverse, which had befallen the British troops in the Transvaal—— Mr. Snagglewit: They're not near the Transvaal yet, and they seem to be coming back if anything ! The President : The honorable member will not be permitted to cast reflections upon British prowess. Mr. McChalkitup thought they should all regret the untoward accident. Mr. Snagglewit : Why don't you call it a defeat? If the Boers had been whalloped you'd have called it a brilliant victory fas enough ! Mr. McParritch said there was only one consolation for him, as a Scotchman, which was that the Gay Gordons had not sur rendered. It was only the Irish and English who gave in. (Sensation.) Mr. O'Rafferty : Why, yez lop-eared Omadhaun, the Irish are the bravest soldiers oun earth ! The only time the French ever beat the English was when the Irish did it at the battle of Fontenoy, bad scran, to yez. Mr. Chogsop, as an Englishman, resented the aspersion. The reason the Scotch were not captured—— Mr. Snagglewit: Was because they were all kilt! Mr. Chogsop said the Scotch were not captured because the Boers would be ashamed to send them to Pretoria in their bare legs, and they hadn't time to make trousers for them. The President deprecated any invidious comparisons. The soldiers of Britain were all equally brave. Mr. Snagglewit : Hear, hear ! If there's any difference they're all alike ! The President : Order ! We may think what we like about the iniquity of the war, but soldiers have nothing to do with politics. Mr. Snagglewit : Their’s not to question why, Their’s but to turn and fly, Noble fifteen hundred ! The President : Order ! If any further remarks of that character are made I will adjourn the meeting at once. Mr. Snagglewit : Oh, don't do that or else the poor fellow that writes our reports in TRUTH won't get any screw next week, and thr poor beggar has a wife and 19 little children all under six to keep in bread and treacle. Mr. Chuckleben : When Britain slays the Boers in scores By tactics worse than Nero's, It is a brilliant victory Achieved by gallant heroes ! But when the British force is rent And Kruger is the master ; It's always called an accident, Or very sad disaster ! When fifteen hundred Boers at once By shells are blown to blazes, The daily paper cable dunce Is loud in Britain's praises ! But when the Boers a point have made, He then begins to grovel, And always calls a crimson spade A sanguinary shovel. Mr. O'Moses said he observed that a meeting was to be held at the Town Hall to form a patriotic fund for the relief of the wounded or the families of the killed in this or any future campaign. This was always done when New South Wales sent a con- tingent away. At the time of the filibus- tering expedition to the Souden, a patriotic fund was raised. Some wealthy patriots gave their thousands or put their names down for them ; but when the contingent came back with a goat and a donkey, and the whole thing was covered w9th ridicule, the patriots wanted their money back, and got it. Some of them promised to subscribe a large sum annually for several years, but after the fever passed off they cooled down. The fact that most of the patriots got a cheap advertisement in 1885 would not pre- vent them from coming forward again and making another great show. It was some- thing akin to the humbug of the patriotic politician who refused to draw his salary and made a martyr of himself to the electors, but drew the whole lot in a lump sum from the Treasury when the electors kicked him out. Mr. Snagglewit: He was precious lucky to find it in the Treasury when he wanted it. Mr. O'Moses thought the club ought to do something for the contingent now going to the Transvaal to fight for the British South Africa Company at the expense of the Australian taxpayers. The S.A. Company tried to grab the Rand a few years ago when it sent Jameson from Mafeking, but it failed, and found the business too expen- sive. So it pulled the leg of the British taxpayer, and passed the business on. Aus- tralia had unitedly agreed to help in robbing the Boers of their country—— The President : Order ! The honorable member cannot be permitted to speak in this strain. Only last week the Archbishop of Sydney—— Mr. Snagglewit : What, Bobcab Smith ? What did Smithy say? The President : The Archbishop prayed for the troops—actually stood up in the rain, brave man, to pray for the success of the contingent. Mr. Snagglewit : Oh, but he has to barrack for the Conservative Party because he wants to get an English bishopric like Moorhouse did. The Priident deeply regretted the dis- loyal tone of the Club, which was in marked- contrast to the general sentiments of the community. Mr. O'Moses said he was not disloyal. So far from that, he had attended the present meeting to move that the Club should make a present to the contingent. Other people, filled with patriotism and a desire for an advertisement, had done so, and the Club should do the same. The President : What form of present would the honorable member suggest ! Mr. O'Moses : Tin plates for the bosom of their trousers to protect them from Boer bullets. I think—— The President : Order! I will not permit any further discussion on those lines. The men who go are brave, however great may be the cowardice of those who send them, hoping, most likely, to get a title as a re- ward for sacrificing other people's lives. Mr. O'Moses much regretted that his pro- posal, which was well meant, should have given offence. In one respect he sympathised very mach indeed with the men. A brew- ing firm had given them several hogsheads of beer, but it could not be accepted, as there was no room for it. Mr. Snagglewit: Couldn't the soldiers find room for it? Must be a strange lot of soldiers ! Mr. O'Moses : The authorities never gave them a chance. Perhaps they'll get it when they come back. Mr.. Snagglewit : If old Kruger finds them a bier, they won't want it. Mr. Chuckleben I let the gags Of daily rags To common sense to blind me ! I left my bench For General French A soldier for to bind me ! The hope of fame, A hero's name, To soldiering inclined me ! But as I leave, I greatly grieve The beer I left behind me ! They said I was No slave because I'd let no tyrant grind me ! And then the crowd They cheered aloud And banquetted and dined me ! I go to war To fight the Boer, Right in the front you'll find me It's fine, and yet I do regret The beer I left behind me ! The other chaps Were wild perhaps And to the girls maligned me ! But all the girls They kissed my curls And wished they could have j'ined me ! I'm not averse To have a nurse, With rosy cheeks, to mind me ! But, Hogan's ghost, I long for most, The besr I left behind me ! My wife and child Were weeping wild, My mother-in-law she pined me The flowing tears They filled my ears, While loving arms entwined me ! I felt a shame To see the fame In which they had enshrined me ! But love, though true, Was nothing to The beer I left behind me ! The sergeant came And took my name, And polished up and shined me And in the ranks With other cranks My duty was assigned me 1! Of course I go To fight the foe As fortune has designed me ! But in the war I'll hunger for The beer I left behind me ! Mr. Wriggletwist was disgusted to find the French rejoicing at the British reverse. Mr. Snagglewit : Defeat ! Mr. Wriggletwist : It was not a victory, so it must have been the reverse. He was so annoyed that he had scraped all the French polish off his piano, and would never eat a French bean again as long; as he lived. Mr. Snagglewit : It's a wonder the “Evening News,” as a truly patriotic and intensely loyal journal, doesn't refuse to insert those advertisements of “gentlemen's French goods” in the medical columns. Mr. Wriggletwist : No doubt it would only it doesn't wish to inconvenience its readers. For France to rejoice at a British defeat or reverse was an outrage. The first thing he did when he saw the cable message was to go into the back yard and kill a French hen. As he had said, he would never eat French beans again. Mr. Snagglewit: Perhaps the French will re-christen them scarlet runners, after the soldiers who capitulated to the Boers ! The President : Order ! Mr. Snagglewit: Funny case in the Divorce Court to-day. Petitioner, a lady, was as deaf as a post, couldn't hear her attorney speaking, didn't know her case had started. They fired a revolver off to attiact her attention, but she never flinched. Deafest woman ever heard of. The President: Why shouldn't a deaf woman get a divorce as well as another ? Mr. Snagglewit: How did she come to want one? The President : I'm sure I don't know ; her husband's bad behavior, I suppose. Mr. Snagglewit : But if she is as deaf as a post how could she hear of his goings on ? Mr. O'Moses said it was a very singular thing that one of tlie West Australian volupteew named Flaherty had cut his throat. As the man was willing to go and kill other people it was strange he should cut his throat to save his life ; perhaps the explanation lay in his being a son of Old Erin. The President : The Irish are just as brave as any other people. Mr. ‘Moses : I know ; I’m Irish myself, of Jewish descent, and my mother was German. Mr. Snagglewit :— The man was seized with sudden fear And felt inclined to shirk! He cut his throat from ear to ear To save the Boers the work ! Mr. Chogsop said a gentleman named Montgomery Gibb had been sent out here— The President. Don't say “sent out here,” the aristocracy will take offence at it. Mr. Chogsop: Well he came out here as a representative of the London “Times,” to get orders for the new Encyclopedia Britannica which the great paper was pub- lishing. Mr. Gibb had been interviewed by the “Daily Telegraph”—— The President : WHAT ? Mr. Chogsop : Interviewed. The President : Why, when Flora Shaw was out here writing for the “Times” about gold-mines and gum-trees she refused to be interviewed by anybody, he went to the Lucknow mines and met an “Orange Leader” reporter, who wante to know what she thought about them, but he said she had refused to be interviewed everywhere in Sydney and Melbourne and everywhere else. Said in so many words that “interviews were entirely opposed to he traditions of the “Times.” I'm astounded at Mr. Montgomery Glib—— Mr. Chogsop : Gibb, not Glib. The President : Well Dibbs then ; the “Times” must have changed. Mr. Snagglewit : Tempora mutantur not et mutamur in illis ! The President: What's that in plain Bal- mainian ? Mr. Snagglewit : The “Times” has changed, and Montgomery has changed with it ! Mr. Chogsop said Montgomery Gibbs had said the reason the London papers didn't give much news of Australia was that this country was an outlandish place where there was hardly ever any news worth mention- ing. He said we didn't have any revolutions or earthquakes, or things to make good copy out of. Mr. Snagglewit : Order an earthquake at once, with trimmings ! Mr. Chogsop thought it was like Mont- gomery Gibb's impudence to be airily waving us aside as a people of no importance. Mr. Chuckleben : Montgomery Gibb, o' the “Times,” He's after the dollars and dimes ! A gentleman smart by the cut of his jib ; He'd better look out when he's firing a squib Or else he'll be getting a dig in the rib— Montgomery Gibb, o' the “Times !” Montgomery Gibb, The pert and the glib— Montgomery Gibb, o' the “Times !” Montgomery Gibb, o' the “Times !” His paper is bigger than Syme's ! But that isn't why—— The President : Order ! Mr. Chuckleben - Why what's wrong ? The President: The “Times” is a British institution. It never expresses a definite opinion about anything until ten years after it has happened, and so it never makes a mistake. When it departed from that policy in regard to Mr. Parnell it made such i ii awful ass of itself that it has been more reticent than ever since. Mr: Chuckleben : But that's no reason why Mr. Gibb should poke borax at us. The President : The “Telegraph” had no business to go poking it's nose in where it wasn't wanted. It was no doubt fishing for compliments and got what it deserved. This Mr. Dibbs, or whatever his name is, didn't volunteer his remarks. He was pressed for an opinion and he gave it. Served the “Telegraph” right. This is only a one-horse country anyhow, from a Cockney standpoint. The Club adjourned to the Pig and Whistle, where “Success to the Contin- gent” was drunk in foaming beakers of Boers head stout, out of respect to Presi- dent Kruger 