COMPLIMENTARY PICNIC TO MR. GEORGE CHRISTIE. 'A most successful complimentary picnic was tendered to Mr. George Christie on Saturday at Fern Bay. the occasion being his departure from the colony. Ml. Christie Is leaving Sydney for Melbourne, -whore he takes up tho responsible position ot tne managersnip 01 tne Mutual store. A numerous and representative company was con veyed from tho Circular Quay in tho steamer Dawn at noon, and on arrival at Fern Bay oys ters and other delicacies were partaken of. A brass band played enjoyable selections of music, nnd various amusements were Indulged In. During tbo afternoon a splendid luncheon was served ill the big pavilion. Mr. J. S. Brunt, chairman of the Chamber of Commerce, presided. Tho guest was oil his right, and Mr. Reid, tile Premier, was on Ills loft. Mr. Varney Parkes, Postmaster- Oonoral, was also present, and amongst tho others who sat down were Aldermen J. Mackny, J. W. Cockbalno (Mayor of Petersham), Watkin Wynne (Mayor of Wnverloy), Maguey, Hodgson (Mayor ot Enfield), it. J. Black, Dr. Sly, J. Mac- pherson, N. Hawkcn, M.L.C., D. Storey and F. 12. M'Lean, Ms. P., Frank Grimley, Alex. Kethel, Harry Franks, J. Chalmers, W. D. M'Intyre, Jas. Best, R. Wane, G. M'Credte, J. F. Burns, Harland, J. Caro, H. Siatyer, J. J. Allen, J. Scott, C. J. Christie, W. N. Christie, C. Dobson, J. Palmer, II. T. Kverett, II. Parr, and others. There wero also a number of ladies present. Apologies for non-attendanco wero received from Mr. I-I. C. 12 vans (National Mutual Life Association), and others. When the lunch had been disposed ot and tho chairman had proposed the loyal toasts, Mr. J. Macpherson proposed tlio "Ministry." He eulo gised tho Administration. Tho Premier responded in a brief speech, in which he did not touch politics. It was almost melancholy, he said, liow many men one saw about who thought they could make better Minis ters than those in office. It. was not, however, his fatiit. that he stayed there so long; it was tho fault of Lho better men who could not shift him. (Languid- and cneers.) as inis was a social function ho did not- desiro to make a speech, for speech-making was not popular at good lun cheons. ("Hear, hear.") IIo was present to show his respect for and appreciation ot Mr. Georgo Christie. That gentleman had pursued a very long and useful career in the city, and liis de parture for Meibourno was a distinct loss to Sydney. (Loud cheers.) I-Iowever, they wero losing him at a timo when they hoped it would not matter so much, because Australians wero about to Federate, and wherover thoy dwelt in Australia they would bo one people. I-Ie trusted tbat In the great community whither Mr. Christie was transplanting himself he would be regarded as a mo3t honorable representative of Sydney, and in the compliment which was that day be ing extended to .their guost he joined with the utmost cordiality. (Cheers.) Alderman Mackay proposed the toast of "Par liament," which was well received. Mr. N. Hawken, M.L.C., responded, and said that the Upper House bad been called a collec tion of ghosts. He had been in the Lower House, and the Premier hnd now nominated him to tho Council, which some people called a cemetery. (Laughter and cheers.) But lie could assure his hearers that occasionally in that place lho ghost walked. (Loud laughter.) Ho thought tho ghost had been felt to walk lately, and sur mised that the exertions of tbo Council during tho past 12 months had been beneficial to -the colony generally. - I-Io could endorse all that tho Pre mier bad said of Mr. Christie, and echoed his good wishes. Messrs. Storey and M'-Lean, Ms.P., also re sponded for Parliament. -« Mr. "Varney Parkes, M.P., proposed tho toast of the aftornoon, "Our Guest," and. In doing so took occasion to refer to tho many high qualities of Mr. Christie as a public-spirited citizen. Hp had known the guest since they wero schoolboys together, and sincerely regretted that ho was go ing away. (Cliebrs.) The absence of Mrs. Chris- tic would also bo felt, for Bhe had devoted her self very considorably:to works of charity in tho district in which .she lived. (Applause.) Tho toast was drunk with musical honors, and Mr. Christie, in response, said it was satisfac tory to him and his relatives to know that his career in Sydney had -called forth tho goodwill of so many friends, and that they hnd manifes ted it so warmly at parting. He felt that in going to Melbourne ho was but enlarging and ex tending his experience in the true Federal spirit. ("Hear. liear.") . . Ill returning thanks to tho company for tlio cordiality of his reception, ho wished ' to express :hls .obligations to the citizens nf Rvrlnnv . fi-nnerallv .for tho kindness -they had shown him. : ' , When Mr- - Christie sat down, Mr. J. Scott who had capably acted as lion, secretary to the picnic, presented him with an Illuminated ad dress on ; behalf : of the 'Civil Ambulance and Transport Brigade. : ' Mr. Christie had been trea surer of this-association, and had been, responsible | in no small degreo tor tbo success achieved by, it under trying, conditions. The brigade was anxious to make some recognition of their trea surer's efforts.' . On receiving the- address Mr. : Cbristio made a suitable response. ' Other . toasts honored wore "Municipal- Institu tions,"- proposed by. Dr. Geo. Sly, and responded; to by Alderman Watkin Wynne (Mayor of Waver- , lev), and Aldormau Cockbaino (Mayor of Peter sham)'; "Commerce," proposed by Mr. R. J. Black, and responded to. by the chairman and Mr. A. J. | Riley; "The Ladies." proposed by Ml. H, i. Everett, and responded to by Mr. E. and "Tlio Press," proposed by Mr, J. F. Burns, and responded to by Alderman Wynne. 