P]IIANTOM ." O'nt a daw'-!it, dewy lea Oamo a.maideu unto me; Masingly Spo.. p abh words of mysltery, Bthot with glqeams of fantaey. SFold on Il helr raven heir HIlld a puppy's rdddy glare, Nu-. lna g there, Lihke a ruby glowing, where S Death hath bit a woman lair. . Bolt bher voloo, an ellundeum, Making sweet aound silent, dumb With the sam S Of the mnsie that doth auma ..:BFrom the birds oat Fairydom. " Blithely on withoutdemnr, Boyibsh, glad I followed her By the purr Of OI streamlet where a fir Eouhoed to tbh roso-leavrca' llr. O.: , far hoer the rose is glad, ". Like a girlheart pure that bhad Kno:: wn no had, Nor thu thought that aoto life sad, Nor the love that makes lila mad, S Tripe aho sotily as the Spring STo the rong the bcll.blrds sing S When duth elinag To the rlhythmio t!onnoal' iDg All bthe eweelo the wattlee bring. Poppire red enchant the oiow, And'thebo itria blhtsoma htblo S With the hoo O' "O a paney droewned in dow Whore a baight a lady slow. Ghoete of golden butteflioo Kies the phantom bloome that gieu To Ibo ekiea, Lilao.tlnted, like to eyes Whose soft glanoa my ioul doth prize. Forest Faya, exquiaite, rare, "Wlito -limbtd, boustiful and fair, Great her thoere Mlid the dream.flowoere blooming where SLiofe hath nought of human oase. As t.iho pale ghost of th oDay Down from dark doth rieo, a ray . Joynos gay, Like a soul from Death'a deooy, S' Whoen earlth-lifo hath passed away. Through an ellon-h?ountod glado, Wrapt in green and amhbr.eshade, Glides the maid, Whero child-fairieoo, miet- arrayed, Daroe to pipes by seawinids played. Through roseorealme of lovelit bowers, Nigh great wizard-osatlo towera; T?hruogh dim hours SMagio iweet, as drooping flowers, : Fed by oonted, eilvern showers, Speeds ahel o, while in her train Sin is not, and naught of pain; Or the rain ':a' 'Hpless ories of virtue elain; Nor tho smlrteh of human stain. W : omen, fair as Hunri bright; .: Man, a spotless armoured knight Fur the light ::. ?Gaint Time's dragon for the right, Follow in her myatlo flight. iBut her flight ie far: and lono SBtand I.by a obhill otpse-stoneo; She is flown, She who brought the violosti shown, :' : Viesaon like to roses blown, :. I Poot visions, born of Dreams, Nlh tho hash ot phantom streams, Lit by gleams . From a goldeo son that beams ' ,,O'er a Land that only seems. Fer she maiden that I sem, ":,"Maiden of the Paet to me, Mueiogly, Fairy child I know is asheo i.:::: O thelKiug, of PhantLoay. ,. Never shall I hiss her hand, .Time to me Is olden, and Death is grand, For no more my tol shall alnnd M: '". id the Groveo of Byhood's Lauod. rAarNao CABIMhiR. 