BOOKY BITS. Major Pond, the proprietor of the .American Lecturing Agency, has secured the services of Mark Twain- to read from his own publications during the coming season. George Manville Fenn has two new books in the press, and G. A. Renty has still another coming. Mr. R. N. Stephens, whose stirring romance 4 Ab Enemy to the King ' met with appreciation, has written a new novel entitled 4 A Gentleman Player.' The actor described is supposed to have been before the footlights in Shakespeare's time. Tolstoy's new novel, 4 Resurrection,' is being published by the Brotherhood Publishing Company in penny parts. The whole will make a six-shilling edition, and when this is completed the penny parts will drop Out. Three new volumes of the4 American Statesmen' series are announced. These deal with the lives of Salmon P. Chase, Charles Summer, and Charles Francis Adams. Chase and Summer were both great anti-slavery advocates, and Adams whs a great statesman and diplomatist. \ ■ ' " ' : * Andrew Lang's 4 Book of Dreams and Ghosts' has been three times reprinted since it first appeared in 1897. William Jones' 4 Quaker Gampaigns in Peace and War' is a well-written story detailing the experiences j of a peaceful Quaker among warlike nations. The object of the author is clearly to confirm the dictum of General Sherman—4 War is cruelty; and you cannot refine it.' Fisher Unwin will publish shortly an autobiograph of Sir Edward Russell, wearing the title 4 That Reminds Me.' Sir Edward Russell is the proprietor of the Liverpool Morning Post, and is one of those self-taught sons of genius ' who has scaled the ladder of journa ism and literature, ^beginning at the lowest rung. An English literary review has the following about Carlyle, expressing sentiments which Quiz cordially en dorses:—4Since Ed ward Freeman with the taste which distinguishes him called Carlyle an 4 old ass," the superior critic has been in the habit of turning tip his nose at the biographer of Frederick and Crom well. There are signs that a reaction is setting in, and that Carlyle is slowly but surely coming to his own. One of the best things regarding him we have read for some time is an article by Mr. George Macaulay Trevelyan, which appearsi n the September number of the Nineteenth Century. The essay, which all lovers of Carlyle should make haste to read, is a glowing appreciation of the greatest British writer of the century. Carlyle, says Mr. Trevelyan, was a poet and a profound humorist. Consequently those who have neither poetry nor humor are constantly misunderstanding him. ' But/ writes his latest eulogist, 4 the most important characteristic of Carlyle as an historian is neither his poetry nor his humor. Although these are essential to the greatest history* great histories have been written de ficient in both, but there is one quality which if an historian has not he becomes 'as sounding brass or a tinkling cymbal.9 It is indispehsab'e that he should understand the prime motive force that caused the actions of which he takes account. How, Carlyle had an unrivalled instinct for the detection of men's inmost motives. His peculiar method was to write history from the inside of the actors.' All thishasl3een said before, but it is worth saying again. We are glad to notice that Mr. Trevelyan specially mentions Carlyle's decription of the battle of Dunbar, the most wonderful battle piece perhaps ever done by any historian/ * The History of a Kiss,' as told to' and reported by A. Reid Cowan, is the oscillatory title of a new book which Mr. Fisher TJnwin has in the press. 4 The Unknown Contributions of Thackeray to Punch ' is the tit'e of aseries of articles now going through Literature. Arnold White, the author of 4 The Modern Jew,' holds that the Dreyfus case illustrates the decadence of France rather than the phenomena of modern Israel. 4 Captain Dreyfus as a hero and a man,' he says, 4 adds one more to che long line of Jewish worthies whose annals adorn the history of the race.' ' Despite the familiarity of the name of Goethe amongst English readers his works are known to only a few in England. Carlyle, Arnold, Seeley and others praised him, and the public has been content to take their verdict. The 150th anniversary of Goethe's birth was celebrated by the book sellers of Germany. Evidently the booksellers of Germany take an interest in literature There was a time in England when booksellers wrote books, but they only know the outside of them now Apropos of the discussion now going on about the merits of Carlyle, it is well to remember that Goethe, the greatest literary genius wnce Shake speare, declared that4 Carlyle is a new moral force in the world, the extent and effects of which it is impossible to predict.' To judge a great seer like the Chelsea sage by ordinary literary standards, just as you would estimate the worth of a serial novelist, is quite as absurd as to compare the swishing lullaby of a moss-bedded brooklet, to the mighty roar of the ocean. The Times, organ of caution and con servatism, declared when Carlyle died that4 he was the greatest individuality that had been seen in the republic of English letters since the grave closed over Dr. Johnson.' The popularity of Sir Walter Scott is a much debated subject. There.is no doubt about the circulation of the books, but there is little less doubt that they are not widely read. It is suggested that most people buy them as fictional classics to adorn their shelves. Quiz has entered few houses where a copy of the Bible is not to be found, but he would not like to guarantee that the great old Book is read in every house. The same applies to the 4 Pilgrim's Progress,' and to almost all classical literature. How many people read Shakespeare, for instance ? An American edition of Ian Maclaren's * Beside the Bonnie Brier Bush' has been published, and is 4 adapted to the understanding of American readers.' Quiz wonders what Ian Maclaren will think of a Yankee adaptation of the Scottish dialect ? A lady who preserves a strict in cognito has written a story entitled 'For a God Dishonored.' The work deals with women's rights and con temporary movements in that direc tion, A writer in 4 The Author' has been i - painting the horrors of unsuccessful authorship. The failures at literature, it is said, always turn out critics, drunkards, or laborers. That is all very well, but what about those who succeed % Take Rudyard Kipling for instance, with his £20,000 a year from royalties alone. 4 John King's Question Class,1 the latest Sheldon book, is after the style of the preceding ones, but is much weaker and shows a decline in the vigor of the writer. The Sheldon boom is obviously nearing a collapse. The Sheldon literature had no founda tion to sustain it, and its temporary popularity only confirmed the book sellers axiom that merit has nothing to do with immediate success. A new edition of the 4 Essays of Elia' is to be published with an in troduction by Augustine Birrell, and numerous illustrations by C. E. Brock. It was rumored that J. M. Barrie was likely to enter the* political arena by offering himself for representation of Lanarkshire, but the report was a wind- blown exaggeration based upon the very simple fact that Barrie is to address the Central Division Liberal Association of Glasgow,. Barrie has too fine a literary genius to spoil his fame amid the shifts • and wiles of politics. Edward Markham's volume of poems, 4 The Man with the Hoe, circulates extensively in America. A counterblast is to come as the result of a competition for which a New York gentleman has offered a substantial prize. The Marquis of Bute is a believer in 'spooks.' This Highland gentle^ man seems particularly subject to spiritual influences since he resigned Presby terianism for Roman Catholicism as ihe result of association with a Catholic tutor. Herr Schmeisser's work on the Aus tralasian goldfields is out, and is de scribed as a learned and impartial work. It will be remembered that Herr Schmeisser, who is a great German geologist, visited Australia accompanied by Br. Vogelsang in 1895, and made a particular study of the West Australian goldfields. To-Day has some satirical verses anent the Kaiser's suddenly manifested interest in cricket, of which the follow ing lines are a sample :— 'i';' ' The Kaiser sits in solemn thought, Again he reads of England's failure Notes how the Lion's whelps were caught In nets well laid by young Australia ; And as he reads the monarch dreams Of bloodless warfare at the wicket, Of armies dwindling down to teams Of Universal Peace—and Cricket. 