THE dtST ^F HEYTOH OUUIGE /m OKIE yoars ago I I . met Uascoyne , dressed in a suit \ of Switch gray j \ sporting clothes, j 1 It was at a rail., j way station, and Mgj he had beside j him his gun- case | and fishing-ruds. Knowing that he wa* not a man to spend a great, dent ot money on hi* own pleasure, I guessed at once thst he had been lucky enough to reoelve an invitation from soma one who possessed fishing and shooting rights. ' Hullo, Gascoyne,' I said, as I camc up with him, ' what'e the game now ? This looks something like butitiess.' 'All, my boy, '-says he, ' I should think it does, too. Old Jefferson hss boon looking out for a country plaoe tor some time, you know, and he ha* managed to find one up in the noitli at a marvellously cheap rent, lie's taken it lor twelve months, and if he likes it he haa the chance of buying it at a ridiculous figure. ' Why, what's the mailer with it ?' I said. 'Oh, nothing,' he replied, ' that 1 know of, but it doesn't suit the owner for some reason, nnd lie lias Itsil It on hix hands for a very long time and 'eould not lei it, and I suppose he got tired of it and thought ho would get rid ol it at any pnco. Jellcisnii writes mc that it i* mally a grand place, with aome gloiious shooting and lisliini;, and a rmlly msgniflcont house, nnd he's asked me to go and have a nionih's sporl. 1 thought it was too good a chance to be misaed, and so I packed up my traps at once, and I'm off.' At that the train oame up. and after see ing him comfuttably settled in nooincr seat nnd Misliing linn good sport and a high old time I strode away. tVhat was my surprise, in a litllo inure than a week afterwards, lo meet him one evening in the High-street as I was relum ing from business. ' Why, Uascoyne,' I said, ' whatever has brought you bnck again so soon ? 1 thought you were going to stay a month.' ' Never a month would 1 stay at that place for any price,' he replied j ' but come, let us walk up to the King of liells al the end of the villairu. We shall bo ijuiel tliero. in tell you all aboui it. it nmkes me fuel so i|ucer urery time I think ol it that 1 really oan't tell you without a glass of aomething.' We a'enl up to the old inn, and before a comfortable glass and blazing lira we lit our pipes, and lie commenced : — 'JeSerson vas right when he said he bad a splendid place. it's fallen into disrepair a little through being untenanted so long ; but Heyton Grange, as it is called, ia a regular country mansion, with a magnifi. cent liall, tine large entertaining rooms, and 1 don't know bow many bedrooms up aiaira. I found he'd invited quite a number of fellows, and intended having a regular s. loot ing party slaying in the house, but he had asked me u;i a day or two in ad vance, eo that we could have a quiet time together before the rest oame. ' We had three most enjoyable days The country round was magnificent. We had a few idle shots, and cast a fiy or two for trout as ae sauntered along, talking of old times, snd these lazy trials were suffi cient to s-how ns tiuit we should have fine f l-ort when we commenced in earnest. We spent the«e days alone, and Jeflervon and I slept uigether during that time, for we | are old friends, as you know, and 1 liked ! better to be with him than to be in the room allotted to me in the far ofl west wing until that part of the bouae was occu pied by some of the other visitors. On the fourth day they came. We had a glorious time of it. and went to bed tired out. 1 dtopped to sleep at once, but after some two hours 1 woke up k.Uiod in a cold per S)Hr*uon and with a terrible feeling that I could not account for. ' Whether 1 had been dreaming or not 1 could not tell, bu*. I raised myself oo one arm and looked around the room, and theie right by the foot of the bed 1 saw— the bust of a woman, as though the body had been cut through at the waist. 'The face was as white as marble and the eyes aeemed ao look befwechingly upon me. Terrified, 1 was unable to stir, and the figure gradoally floated away and disap peared through the panel* of the wall, heaving as it did so a low, deep sigh. ' Of course, sleep was impossible after that. 1 Isy in a state of terror until morn ing, but 1 managed to drop into a troubled, br-jkeo slumher as daylight appeared, and slept on uneasily until I waa startled by a knock at ths door, and the announcement that the first breakfast bell had rang. I went down to breakfast with tbe effects of the itighi's apparition still upon me, though wearing away and growing fainter every moment, and before I had finished my saoood cup of coBee, what I had supposed to be the usual query in such case* arose in my mind— Could 1, after all, have fancied that the apparition appeared ? ' Was it possible that it could be the result of a disordsrad imagination ? tn the night I bad made up my mind to tell my j friend what had occurred and leave the bouse at oooe, but now I feared the ridicule of the company, and was, indeed, likely soon to laugh myself and wonder how I oould have been eo superstition*. I raised my head and began to join in tbe conversa tion and to talk over tne arrangea.e.iu for another day's ai»rt, w heu at tbe far end of tbe table 1 notice- i a gentleman who laughed tbe loudesi yesterday, and whom aallies had amused us all, but who wa* now silent ani taciturn. ' ' He aeemed quite unable to do JutUea to the good things provided by ear bast, nnd only answered in monoeytlabiee wben ?pokento. It wa* evident that hi* mind waa ill at eaae, and that b* was labouring ?nder some strong excitement. Aa aoon as breakfast was over 1 sought Sim not and said tn him— 'I am 'afraid something baa happened to disturb you ; yoo were in sscb excellent spirits we we parted last night and teamed ao very diSmnt at the table thii morning that 1 feel aare something most be the matter. 1 ' ' No,' ha replied. * I'm all right, thanks; I certainty don't iael very lively joat now. bat it arill wear off ptwsutly.* i ?'ltofca|ie yon didn't hare^a good night's teat r T rejoined, apaakta* elowly and polotsdly. ' 'Well.' he eaid, 'I cannot my tbat I did, but I do not wish to speak of it ; it would only put Jefler-on about1 11 * Wl me/ 1 ssid, 1 *ii.l anything dis turb you T Did you we anything V and in my eagerness I Uid my hand upon hia shoulder. *' ' I did/ he said ; 1 why do you ask V ' * Because I saw something myself ; what did you see V 19 * 1 saw/ he eaid, and shuddered as he spoke, * the bust of a woman cut off at the wat st !? ** * Precisely what 1 have seen in tbe night !' 1 ejaculated. 4 1 aaw it at the foot of my bed, and it seemed to disappear through the panel of the wall, lb your room in the west wing at the end of the great passage V '* * It is,' he replied. 11 1 Then the apparition mu*t havo en tered your room when it left mine, for you nre evidently sleeping in the next room to ine. What is to be Hone V ** 1 Wc cannot slay, and I certainly do not like tho idea of breaking up the party. 1 ' Well, we talked it over long and earnestly, and at last arranged to stay that night at any rate and eee if It visited us again. ' Ailer another day's sport, during which we forgot our fears, night came on, and we once more retired to our room«, but not to bed. I war very tired, and 1 sat up watching until long past the time the ap- [wirition had appeared on tho |*rovtoun night, and (hen overcome with fatigue I throw aside my feais, and throwing my - I soU on tbo bed was asleep in n moment, j 14 1 could not havo slept very long—not many minutes— when 1 awoko with a start, and 1 felt at once that the thing wau by mc. In terror 1 opened my cyos. Oh, horrors 1 The bust or the woman was lying by my nide on the bod, with her head upon tho pillow ! ' What hupiwned after that 1 do not know, for I must have lost coneciousnesa j fur a moment, and when 1 recovered the feaiful thing had vanished. 1 jum|-ed from the bed and rushed instantly into my neighbour's room, but he was lying u|-on ths rug in a dead faint. I loosened his collar and poured cold water on hi* face, and as he o|»etied his eye* and revived n little 1 made him take h good draught of brandy from my hunting flask which 1 had Mitli mo. ^He quickly came to himself, and sitting up he told mo he had doted ofl in his ohnir nnd had been suddenly awakened by tho touch of a death- cold hand upon his fore head, and found the ap|»arition close to him, gating with entreaty in her eyes into his faco. Overcome with horror he had fainted away as 1 found him. M We sat together anil talked long and earnestly, and at length decided thu we would make the best excuse to our host, urging some cudden oa II back toour homes, anil would leave the house that morning. 1 am afraid JeQerson must have felt hurt at our nudden departure, but stay we could not. i*o we came away, and here I am.*' Uascoyne and 1 sst talking and con- 1 jeeturmg about the mysterious visitant un» | til late that night. Weeks and months |tas*ed, and it grade ally became only a terrible memory of which we s|h-!;c now and again, until one day liascoyne knocked hurriedly at my door, and saying in an excited manner, ?' 1'ut oo your hat and oome with me,' be led me without a word to the old Ring of Bells. As soon as we were seated in the little room bahind the bar he began hur riedly — ' l:ve just had a letter from Jefferson. He had a Christmas party at Hey too last week and one of tbe gue?t» who had been placed in the room I slept in shrieked oat that she had seeo a ghost, and when they had calmed ber sufficiently to speak coher ently she declared that it took tbe form of the bust of a woman. Jefferson remembered i our basty flight and tbe curiously embar rassed way in which we made our excuses for leaving him so suddenly, and believing now that it must have been in some wav connected with the apparition that so terri fied his lady visito**, be made ap hie mind ' there and then that together with the bravest of his visitors he would himself *atch o«s tbe following night. He did so, and soon after midnight the restle#* spirit returned once more. He and bis friend nerved themselves and spoke to it, riomand ing the reason for iu presence in the house. It gazed upon them for a moment, and beckoning them to follow it floated out and led them through a secret door on the top landing into a small room under the roof, where they found a worm-eaten cbest, mto which the apparition seemed to disappear. Tbey rushed downstair*, »d quickly 1 returning with two or three men servants they broke open tbe lid and were borrifiid to discover the lower part of a woman's body, which, from its dcoonpoeed state, had evidently been there for years. Upon inquiry tbey learned that a long time before a tnarier had been committed, and the murderer, who was tbe unfortunate womao^ husband, bad severed bis victim at the waiet, and thu her bust having been dis covered it had been boned in tbe church* yard, but that eearch for the lower part of the body had been in vain. Aa aoon aa Jefferson and his friends oould arrange with the authorities the ghastly object in the trunk had been buried beside the bust.** Tbat was Gaeooyne's tale, and he waa able to inform me from a further communi cation he received from Jefferson that tbe midnight visitant had never appeared again My friend was a man for whom 1 enter* tained tbe highest regard, nnd I had every reason to believe in his integrity. He declared to dm tbat every part of this strange narrative is true, and 1 have never been inclined to doubt it. 