LATEST FICTION. Apart from Max Nordau's book, the heat novel of the week. is "Madame Izan," by Mrs. Campbell Praed (Cbatto. and Wlndus' Col. Lib.). This "tourist-story,:4 as It Is sub-entitled, is woven round a somewhat original central idea — viz., the marriage or a ijeauuiui jougu&u; b"> nese gentleman- of high birth, who is painted with all the conscientious and affectionate care of which the novelist is capable. Mrs. Praed has evidently fallen under the spell of Japan, its people, its art, and its social life. She has dreamed a dream, seeing thoreln a now civllisa-' tlon, when Orient and Occident shall blend in an Asiatic- European renascence; and tho whole world be lifted higher along— to use her own expression —"an evolutionary spiral." Mr. Izan Shlrazaka, barrlstor-at- law, London, and high official of the Imperial Court, Japan, naturally holds the samo views, expressing them in perfect English, and behaving throughout like the chivalrous littlo gentleman ho Is. Owing to the fiery assurances of an irato relativo of his bride that he has done the girl (then blind) a cruel wrong, he leaves her at the church door, with the agree ment that she shall bear his name for a year or two, afterwardB coming to Japan to join him or be released, according to her own choice. Recov ering her sight, she fulfils her promise; and, to the disgust and rage of a handsome English admirer, who has managed, with his sister, to accompany Madamo Izan and her companion throughout tho voyage, Japan wins the day. Tho story, is very well told, and Mr. Izan, who fol lows his wife for some time, under the guiso of a courier, Is made the medium of much Interesting information concerning his beloved country, in the intervals of keeping the English lover clever ly at bay. Bertram Mltford has treated us to more than the usual feast of horrors in "The Weird of Deadly Hollow" (F. V. White and Co.), a stoty of Cape Colony, opening in wife-murder, aud clos ing in Hottentot torture. Everything goes wrong from beginning to end of this terrible taie. Wife No. 1 proves. to bo still alive, and as much of a fiend as ever; Hottentot takes his revenge for husband's slight to himself on wife No. 2, who is. thus spared legal proceedings; husband kills Hottentot by slow agonies, which are duly detailed; after which he disappears to keep com pany with the ghosts of two other murdered people, who are attended, by a phantom tiger. A genuine "penny dreadful." "The Uncalled," by Paul Laurence Dunbar, the clever author of "Folks from Dixie" (Service and Paton), shows no falling off in the quaint American humor which ensures every study from the samp pen a hearty welcome. But the humor of "The. Uncalled" lies by no means on the sur face. Life is a deadly serious matter to the simple Methodist' community of Dexter Village, and to the simple old couple who are trying to force their beloved adopted son into the minis try againBt his will, the man by gentle persuasion, tho woman by determination. Tho lad, a fine young fellow, rebels at last, flees to Cinclnnatti, joins a Congregational Church, and— a lower depth still— writes to say he is learning to dance. "Well, I don't know," the old man smiles, after a lODg silence. "Freddie's young, an they's worse things in tho world than danoin'." "You ain't a-upholdln' lilm in that, too, air you? Well, I never! You'd uphold that sinful boy cf he committed murder." "I ain't a-upholdin' nothln but what I' think is right." "Right! iLlphalot Hodges, what air you a- sayin'?" "Not . that I .mean to Bay that danoin' is right, but. " : . "Thero ain't no 'huts' in the Christian religion, 'Llphalet, an' thero ain't no use in yore tryin' to cover up Freddie's faults." "I ain't a-tryln' to cover up nothln' from God. But sometimes' I git to tblnkin' that mebbe we put a good ' many, more bonds on ourselves than the Lord over meagit us to carry." 