MAIL TABLE. This Day. New South Wales, Victoria and other colonies., OUTWARDS. This Day. West Coast, per Penguin, leaves at 2 p.m. Tuesday. United Kingdom and Continent of Europe, India, China, etc, 0 am.; Australian colonies, 6 a.m.; Queensland, Suva, Noumea, etc., 4 p.m.: New South Wales, 4.30 p.m. Thursday. New South Wales, Queensland, South and West Australia, etc., 636 am.; Vic toria, 7 a.m. EXORCISING A GHOST -This story is told of the late Dr. Thomson, Archbishop of York. He was put into a reputed haunted room. Next morning he was eagerly asked, " Well, did your Grace see anything last night." "No." "Are you quite sure ?" " Oh, yes at about 12 o'clock I heard a knock at the door." "Yes, that was the ghost. That is exactly what he does. What did you do ?" " Oh, I said Come in, come in.' " How brave of you I And did he come in ?" " Yes, an old sallow looking man, with bent figure and long hair." " Yes that is the ghost who haunts this house. And what did you do ?" " I got out of bed and went up to him. I asked him if he belonged to the house, and he nodded assent. I asked him if he was a parishioner ; he nodded assent. I said I am anxious to build some new schools, -will you give me a subscription ?' He disappeared, and has never been seen since." TINKER OR MILLIONAIRE I am not quite sure that I would not rather be a tinker than a millionaire ; but I am absolutely certain that I had rather be a millionaire than a struggling small trades- man, or a city clerk with a pound a week and a family; of a London doctor in general practice with less than a thousand a year, or, in short, any of the multitudes of people who have all the cares of the millionaire without his credit or security. On the whole, it seems to me that the most satisfactory pecuniary conditions afforded by our present system are to be found in the Civil Service. In it there is absolute security of livelihood, an income increasing to an ascertained maximum just when a young married man wants his income to increase, and the social dignity which is only enjoyed in positions where worth is not measured by expenditure. It these conditions could be attained in all employments, commercial as well as bureaucratic, then no doubt the possession of a million of money would no longer be worth striving for Mr. G. B. Shaw in The Young Man, 