NA, xrorth -,Earymeing omeigbnr of the leniiiaH i tiulut dki " Cor ` unwinedosi of joiuigin in a scheme:,vhidii has beeii frumiieTukloffectr i id tion oftjie ciargte of iiiddlio it By middlomen Wo meanii those io stll in between lprodufcer, "buyhoi s nitd sellers . li ,thi coisnnettion tiheo titi two sections of producers-those who think and those who d not think those who thint 'bel~ive thiit" the diaiy, g indursty 1i.:'bettr, u s ,it is, Dlut those who dio into' lilk -remnluin n thl hitabi of IhsOnieitji t' in Wovri d IT T ie',h ro: ao ".13re -votitigo.=.eols;:h'.t?hurs-:{ Senrallni qlut to n ldn iffect sono g iaorlItIt will corn frooll th- wheat;- it vhll into lighl those who i hav.ll s of ,v llaiiy i oall' at , el.t a ? 'ite wi1 sh1ow, ut a doubtdo ht at ti playing ti part of tiiie part of' ti'teirte t· ro?o., thoit positions ihslii alt e iperin of iiuIgdeyed i daiy " Shi.ii, Cr ; wut o } n? .. nioe l:: to the "lie; s i ioa l hi t -' o f ith gu hes; w L s fi s ,o n ousted; ionees' tllii of -ibjt l next iweekle ;.' y aC taouc iellst t?cuded..rnd snd.ii off I. ili hLni So 'tite police foil eiseln - *inh 1 duriiu'the sixyearsI , hi. ,o ,Pa health hbeing drunk wth, i Inou;rs lo"nyafl ' " ' er Chirp iion. f: tf. git pleoasant ur Iw s pa sede , mnleetin,, broke r his pro noto n, and Wte ,t dpro mnd family wi.,ed ? , "t i p?egtor C o ?u comn asilnlyofthose pesent ioke g opih healthtiit beang drunk wi,, Uhoi sA f . pleasant'i hoe0n?i pased the? etn boie bl Cou-,hune u n s vinu s i h mil · t lht tuis ootion he effect whicth Cisti b ,a iroduce, in tlhe . orldappy fsor histor. In thI e fisC t of those the , feet of Chistiaity upon thetreat o:lit Itlo ildren will be speciallydpd 'Icjl. A forAtnightly mcoting of jt. drews' aluild:. was hldon 'pr ednil e ening. Thellev.:A. C 3(fosI, oieuiil tuoeicflair. and ihllave a gol ri'ttenrt ncd of h membern GO S. ailbuert was the ess:yist for evenfing. a eis took for his oul '. Tihe Negro Slave Trade," whic" le 'ed a ver', interesting? irit?luctiv ..Daper, Varioul nem touik par n th e lisctussion whricih lovtorl a1idl n the frtiol of t r. ie yct of hiistianded by othe Ir.e J., of"lit?ti l .A., :l ord c ill v te pc thall was-vai ied tly r eeilg bert. Thene mccetnltswilid h is to ibe hloi on 12gooil rox., sruld prove of specialb a B. Gilbei iis the essiyist for d eret, ing. e too short p hipers ars t rend by ,three of tile !idy me. b the Misses'. ielms,rl augine of '3Moodie. T?he iLSr-viced of Mr t r . Gilbedt T eetinbao6 exicpert, isle bto een retai foth poxse sho auld thpre uestion oi 'exteided taerh of engageoent is toi. cead by tis ee ofbthe Departlenset. :The Londow Comedy Comr? 'plyed "Ohailey's Aunt" in the 8i thl, Be seal, last,. evening, givin a onte s'erineie of whilr , in poit 'ie, cellence, could not possibly be so the tobaccoith thea appurt enbancs tl pi'ovinchi :pliyhouse. .he aittendaii waslgod?<,o: cioumstaticde dud mai foi the wys int ahich the question thi colpany acquittedpart emset. hn;tlleondwere here some woeksmi ant rtlhe, aiudieneo ·were well plead 'plawithe "cti's Aunt"e different aShi aentei tress?s To-night, i n point o passed o withe fiS of modern dranas wto be' lged, and ithrer is no doub it to-the wayn which isentitledby irtu b histibionli Ability. , :; A mining lease conmprising 30 ses hse od pany J acqu. L. ittrher leel's Orek ndar Mansfield, is deolaredvd .enitifici tintereo this efteotsappeis hlstt issui8:of tlhe GoVEnuR.?1NTAZ?l l nt ithe aubrting teir lwnd salead witth actii of li and e Valliffer ar: submitted to auetionight "olloEway's a- Glenroinan, lcontaining 330 a secndud sbyJe to A. e eW.t . .,s .is . E. . Holloway t £3 per am alek ar Mansfi toelwn pis ddoeck of riotfi, but ith biddins eflect being'uP ·owdver's reserve was withlddn.a 't last msue ting of tieo Yarruiri Shi re p ounci tlhei suln of £sa ,passid tof id thndl Val Slvatio Aer 0 uin its resu to autori. At' va-lncy for? ead" tacher e337 in 'codineatio witll tIhe tW. A., Mi s N illi ,l ay t £3 per a Tansfrs ast eet ofunder th e Irr SAct ire 'CIgadoi tlerogistered at i Tit;e Office as.follows:--lFron ln Muasrray to id teid nl r Ad A Pliero A S19a; Bca3ld foin hea; tfroer John ei (nciillniisctriior t .of Ch atrles Srogan)C Transfers as letces under he I WAcni are L act,.flrogi Toern, at Murro; ad. fii e ia Ada Oregl'POn a Evains (estitaeof'J'i.. Evans) to E~yisi df' Siwiilpool, iSOa, Lima. _A temnpsorary licence to sell liquor theiPlulipto?n coiurlign. ineating to lild :i;~t;.nionil l i ien islb n' "ratcd -to Mr's M1. C0;-Pearchy), l ag Coi t(presided'ove byciip M i " J 1ia , Jnf ke oea O a' u bil-kn0L roetleant of. Lecoby, died last woet. ,Ilie isjplibrctidins of 0. 13iady for issu.e of a Crbio, ristfo' i 'n in tli priiilsh' f Bunteet isl -';O Tioono cocreipoildon i.r 'iu', lidoii'u Bieyilol Club Iheldt, lfst aiiaiuil ball ini- the Tlihoi!e o!.i ,.oain on.6i Friiaylrd Jeune," .O 30 couples w?'re' pesei t .an G ll ciclat. c i '/liaaato0 J[r liciiiios5 altuel- is lion, sec. and iMr Dong whoi Larrieid. out the dluties of it Thibhill ;as iasteofcilly decdrattel oil, isrt niiislins and e overgrieens 5' aiddled to die gieioty of ttle ,tffair.t Tie; , ailway ',.DekaairtneL", o tender' for ..a supuly of 700 t?ls, firevood to.bo'ileliverd pbt eiy tui ,witlih .i 45 emiles 'of'! W"Vsicl Furth er feiiittioubli. lloliy iei Iaastui ,at 1 ,ans il. - ., .....;ftho " is directeg to' t?e ae douncnment of IHall B1ros., of Gbram" bat, in our. advertising the same ap letrilng in a nesy form. Splendid'rains ltrye ,fallen thi tigh Out the colony during ?'?hli.lstw;eeks) ghost of Victoria's rivers .broig ;oven flooded. In .einalla the lii oken river was 12 feet above sumnni&rlove; on Friday last, whilst tl?? ;laiwnettiiisd court,the bowling green, tie surround ioge of tihe courthousel i;oat ofgrrs-. cultural show ground' aouiap to tis Recreation lesCer4?re isubmerged The amount of ' rain registrcid y lIc Brown, Gover?im intit recoril', i les' and 12: pointg s a ila fct aughiano-rectirding3 lines'e and wlv points: ;l.. .: , _, : _? ,;'-n: Sing clhanges in.theepublicf einsstra l don of th colebnys affir i actually curaiid t ' undoiibt'edl3 it gtill-load, aonsli t'' thig sal to'', tho= handlng ovor during. theote;h twelve nronotls of tihe post' and :telegapi of fCoes aind nd the' ?ustoinsondaefence departmtntiit tothe? d?fi era`lCovorn ent, snod toai' lcessoiingof tihe existing ,nuntar ~ f Patllamentry eQresenta The piisetipal:ftlihe Nelson Expert mental Station, NoiteW Zailnd " reports an e~ tpritmelltteo l tfll acreof ~snd ricy n ohi l e fix uod" li t i c t :7ifr bonen u t end o:r'itofnoitrfibrtohpotas to;i apct:b t oa satiiuiu' One half of the el inann ] s.c was put in soltie';faiurmovw:;with. thei soet' itil the re maindo.sown as atop dressing, on the, potitous wlhoit, they etre.e.2 or 3 inclhe lieof bdio ferowsa ,ore left' uniannllraod, Find:as a i,tst' a: square ro,'di of landw sns ltakn froim each section. -Th6 l inidnnurei d plot d gste oit the ;ra&te; of I tobni' ?nd':-othe mnrtioud 18 tons to the acre i:ospeol lcvely, whild ilhf liffierniich s i quiality between "the potatoes as '.thy lay' on"' thIe ground is described .as being speo .tlyn iotable ; isacomparisonlmadeh on a' hulerr snale the result ': was even. : g'raiter inififvor'of themanui ed sectihon An iiportcnrsailelof .fat bulrbpolis stlll be held . at Ballai on ridal '-14th' July b)y uEdward Trencl,'rlFid' andCuo, in conjueotiot wili ?dJli it'h N '~ti i'n f anhd Ci . C ill. puitibculiti? ai.? dve' tlul;l in ti.dsy u ENSI? ?" t.he 'i'eei'lets teni ipora'y appoiti tld fiur iieinliers of: the Asia.bly. a f clini, n . of ci'dsiinitbes, onis of ti i ienh. the be:itng nir. J IH. Grlvesi,:: ..1 fir i)el?ucite r, " . oMr Sinii. FI lsoir, of'Benall la uOhl ' lenged h?b Mrlt rison to'playolih ond thr piipie? s ime wees: -ago,- bu tile: t lttecr declines' toui tept thet chillengeo, Commment is lir ieesesary.; '':" A plagua ofd:eat?pillarsa sid iispoifd a fior a est You i "tcirops are being eli- i stroycd Iy the peAst nd in one instance e aeptdd'ockl whiel hiatd litid c:ioatop'ion f it for 3" nitist is quoite lharo. f lehir f wlimn Ifla, t'.theo victim?oft?tho rail' i whay accident hot?-. m?s e elr teenw fn Bailddagianiittnnrl Violet;,.the facts of b lwhich we' publishlied in,; previdus in s0o of thle lEnsi-. m .i s.till ot a'"prts si cgrious condition `in = tio:-pVoigiisratis l " attendant that; lie siI.recover, .; -" Ni Thavener, tfi Victorianil Miiister a' for AgricoltIre,dstites thiat lie wIll at. an early date silbni to the considd'i: 'a tlon of thi Victorian Cabinet an `offe?i for It direct steamer service& betwee'n a Manchester and Australia, J-Ios pnow.s b negotiating.ic- a it a -lIanichestnrr fiii i tl Sfor the initiation of direct wheat ship' ment from sVctoitia to 1iinciidester. The St'athl;ogini Buttirmalki?i?g Co: fC phny inmae r67 tons oft utter 'from ti 320,969 tallon?,of mill- during' thu e pict` t li t"months o a pi ofit on iis oporationsh bi for that perid of £47,t 'After .pay.. ilg a dividend' of h 12 :pero cet: fon it paitl tip capital nd discharging otlhir `O liabilities it will Igne as boalance of di £307 inith nWhielh to..begin the next I half year. ' , The \Iansfield shlire cduncil has pas- c aed the following resolution :-.,'That wild dogs having obdco?p such a great 'iit, nndltls present mieais odfidestroy- r ing them beini.. quiF irnidequathc' ~ th cope with th6 nuisancer it is' desirable thata conhferenei b of delegates'from the T1 shires of Ox3, Blenalla, Euroas Violet ' Tpown, Alexandra, fIou qua'and &fans-; :, field aset, to discuss the subject at,nias I esrlv late, the coiiference to do held itt: either renalhl or' Etdroa. ". n of The rightoi: of ate ila,;joy hs iilmadeo a p'romisi to ite iffect that lie" Will do 'i ail lh cdi, tl casuse and- o tenspii if ifo the narrow gaule system:of railway 1i buildbin rrnm Whitfield to)olntide an , thence to thllnsfiel. pr Tile' adjurned g.oneral men! iting of p ble.,ltilde?i in the Bealla'lD airy and 'I anun Prioduce Cllnpit ys will. o lhell at the Mechunics': nstitu?ite on Thuss. ,;' day, 6th July, at..,p.m.: Gr 4 inlmpolauit frtilrats odnferenci c , ill h s held in Mlbourneohon the 6tGili kpteiethog-, to' conot, dnide:: hog ti'"',' 'ni shipping "whleat in" liul ,; i'e'dudtion'in iox tihvai' fr'eiglhts, t&e.;· . .l sA pecial featiure of the new Land Aete thl imiitit1eibn of thi system 'of purclissing land nsiar* n mlrsihays cd'toa centres of populatioi 'foe re-sale int'tli' small farisis oti: ueaY terms;' Seivtrilt 'o estetos Ib,';oa bnoiofflreed tb the'obo- ir v:ritment foe itlhiRn popose,. hiut tiriey: are iost all'stlitable, af?n'dthe hinimster of Lailds will' be preparied tboreceive: offers' froen o?wlers :sIli havo laund"of ! the might 'elinraiiteFrii, favoriiable ,oitua-' oey; of Boorin'da estate: comprisingl Ce 17110 acres close to: )ookio College', is Ci tob? submitted to publld suction a?t l SlulportdU"t-~b.,,i ow --Saturdaiy. . OGeeof the ftir,, things to be done icy en the Tiiu'ner Goeernmfent,' now' that S Porlinlent: l'has col?lnoiiceio d to'L do ilira'ie, is thlait of/s. luioting, rovisi pg 'cI. I'e'iCin? tlhic.i emO.T? l1 Tlit hi WCotnhinul iispssm. oiiest to' bo seiped lie nitef oxistene- altogelthier foi' this.st seotitiuihyalrn.;andy3',ea urlore 'toanxa'I t S., Somert uitusually large pototoen hiaye been grown this Cseason in Benal.: . Mair; WV-di:op .whqlresides eloset? t tlie biuisneife "?rounrses .of Meissti, Moodi. ILd lild S -dut, 101sh; weiglit' f .uber:s fiorn one stallck and nlothe :'gi'ow vholivo s in tlihe western portion ofithe r townslhip unearthed about s week ao sic poitatoes weighing 7Xjlb. 'Inf to fll;irt-named case tihe tibers woereof the .WhVlito'Elephant variety, iinilst in tli othiler. tliey were. Early: "R?sati, lult these potatoes are nothingan cairpc?ed with soihe of the "sm no'Jni?lof vege; tables groidn' at. Stiileoy byMi MChaili Kelly, who" it repored to, hiave jutn comnpleted digging tubers thoelargest .of :whlli'weighhod from n31b.r:to Gib Messrn s Gren, Mnrnnig and Cii held ai c iout icceifil sale of ;daniy c 1attleon account of Mr Wsi? Bond; of Peecielbh pon Finday lnast,? The?y old" Sall] 81 ihead, compri iing miilketis, gaprinoe i.aid young ?t;i te, roa'liing II anaverge of £4InIG a he ilediicoled igRhe",young stock:. There was ii lare a' tendaride aid biddin tiiliough out?was ve;ry:pirited. Tli top price i of th day was a £1. T:7i6bstiiied for a, pis'bred liArysliir'e cow, ioiked ide Sdown to·thic bid of-MrM Jniee 2 Woods,': of Bowevya .North: Others were sold Intud10 flo5&'lts'; G d £8' I ins, £7 10 ,;£7; £6 v1lle £0 I s and [exntJury snbhoo 15,Ob000 ner o f. South Wale now; held ani Epniif l' leasehold areia, will revei t to the Cov' I emrinent :,.Th'o Minister? his already. : received ria bi bateli of applieatioins for renewals; ,oxtensionwor ,new leases.: Beitje say thatin in auiiajority 'of then i C:ases chances of renewal are hopeless;, .while :other claims will be .consiidered eoni 'the~ir' nriiitas,- without, retairding settlement. Hisis. pesent intention;is to reimit tle wihole questioi for inves= tigation to somae person autliorised to I 'take don ?to, n- evidence .ain to the s imeris 6leach'particular applicant. . Russiian count has justannounced his fwillingne?ssi -to , fflme himself.: 'tlikets to thb aouniit of:-o'ne million i Wilbe . issued tolunmarried women at eon6 rouble, aild the proceeds are to he m diS?hiibuted an follows:--One million francs toithe ' doun t 1,000,000 francs tod the Countess-his siecond' self 1,000,000 ,?froecs. to the innwspaper which aids his project. aid 1,000,000 .f.iancs to thei paoi r. .. !The next sittiiti of the Benalla Stipiemif' Courlt' tkes place..on Tues. 'day, 24th 1October inext, . The -Court of Genreral Sessions .is to be held four :days earlier-on Friday, tlie OOth Oc. toler; -. :.Deah- his beenri-busy :in the family I of Mr TV. ': Saunders, of Geooambat, I :of lale, Peroival ri:Zboy,: ngerl,4 years, anrl.Yera Louis, 2 years old, having ii expired .siite the 17th inst.=-'the fi former from dysein try and thellatter' from diarrhnea . t St? :Viricent tsBazaar, redently held p ii Melbourne, resulted :ii ' net pro- I fit of .10,053 s lId, which sum has a been handed t.o the Sisters ot Charity. f :A l.eirad teacher is required for State. a .sclhool ~o. 426 Bungeet West. Thi u en iiiiirv.h-long~ to: t!i sevnth chis s, contitanmwti reooms, ilii prcentageiipe In. `July :of llaist ceart hbeming-81 antl its a average daily attendance 14.j 'Caterpillers have nlade their; l'tr" ' iAnce in seveiral of the crops am-ounmi u :Yarrawonna and on the N.S IW. ide, p and their r.avages; in some cases have fi been so Sinrious that the seed has .had. ii to ho sown over again. a " r Haminiltoni Clarke, a local barrister si and solicitor, was seriously indisposod g for a part of last wieek from conges- e 'ion of the lungs, supervening an at- ai tnack of rnmesles. He is now",-ihowserr. w becoming convalesceint. I The losses of , sheep. ii' Queensland di this yea hlavec..nhl been .so heavy an P was anticipated by the reports fromn the diroight-strickein districtos. It imicelcu- at lated that the loesnwill hot Iho?? ycire f tlhati 1. peri cent,. against 0.17iper, cent last year. ' . AMrs Dod, wcion is said to be the al niotlier of the :first white boy born at' w Quegnselifi, 'expired -at th?t' place ii pi the 22nd inst.. c SANDER &h; SONS' EUCALYPTIT EX-. TRACOT-Uider tlie distinguished patron age; cosimnuniention made by tL h Minister tof foreign 'Afllriir, throuaghi them Coasul 'nneral for Italy, at Melbourne, March 14, 1878..' AWvarded diploma at the Ansatertlam E:xhibition? 1883. . A?iowne?lgedel by Mledi iil Clinicsanmdl Universities all over tIhe l be' . ' . ' P. Thmeo. re eimitations of Eoealypti Extract el .in the mnrket, prodncts of simple distillatidn forming crudle resinous oils. Ini order that the ;crudle oils mair be taken' for\our pure 'tl .Volatile Eucalypti Extrt'et, which is recog- ti iisnd by -tl?e: .M1edieatl Division of the 'It Prussian? Govrniment to be of perfcotly' ptireo igin, as Iper informnstioli forwerdeldto" .us thlrouglh the Consul at Melbdoerno, Mlarsh' fe 2,' 1878, we state :- ' It is proved: by tests ntsdle by the M1di. to cal Climes of the. Universitties of Ionn ari tl Griet~wald.(Prssina), a'n reported by\'Ur Sclnult., Professor of Pharmanoly -:fmit ,i Blonn,'aud u Prefoesoi' Dr Nlossier, -Droetor e d[ ,MeilldL Cl ibespt.l* Orifewalhl,d"r:What, 'nelu' pritddts .- tilat' ar naturantesd cith" xygein asnd?freed otf. nei'hs,r.'residoles" and otheor substances iudl:oieritcto linrlmv' ditt-l till.ntion, will dlevelop thie' aiinatlyo qiilitis' or h'oper to the plaint. All ciarle oils, or nso eallil'Ecloelypti Extrnets, are to' be ieseed ReCOrdiIg go'the noisedl nultli?o.itie," mo llfeume 'Clue tur'peuithiimoi which are' alsudndnedl mu 31 're as a?i' internmal Imediomncent. . These HiieO 11itor :sO:eCalled Fmic.lypqti'ElLxtrets ti erudiscernible':o; : i'. iy l?dieir dofici y icy eidi ipungetnt odni Cs (whleh.' osr iri?hitn, the omly 'gelnue i- Euenlypti EIxtroetl dlolnpa monst freely B; tliro llgh isis rpl i o nsyei an. n ip *lc pearancebe ing reduced i epciflo den- nu sirt througlt the presence of aehlsc : If theso crude oils, so calll. uedilypti Ex- tracts,. are aPpplied li " m istak 'e ,in css o "of troip, bronclts, dil;uthlerian, litteoreinl in- P' Ilanmantion, dlysuntry, etc., tlteonsequenes ea nro moRt npjasin , Ior anafety's nsake aol always fos aneder usl Sons ' tlcilliypti I .x trant.,Sandhurst,: Viuforia, u.n'traleii. SAN,)ER & SON-s. a rfrO 'TilhlF l;)A-Zt--. richl thdy, clted of I her .)enamn'ni iilt Noises in tlhe lolul 0 hIy Dr NIcliuinine s .Artifitil Eir Druis, t. lio nent t100i ith inhs Imhitet o. o fhait ullt it leohle siur lei imht rocau'e the Iai u)ni iiii slnm oy ln thieill l firee, Apply to )lehortlniet, SQ , t.he? Iinulhilite sit, lo'ttOcenei n Cr i baty, y totdo~m' P?.?,Ehi~sn:n'" .-;:: 7 . 