VERSIONS OF KING JIALIErOA AND HIGH CHIEF TAMASESE. THE REFUGEES ON H.M.S. PORPOISE. I interviewed tho youug king Malietoa and bia co- adjutor Tarnoseseou board H.M.S. Porpoise. Malie- toa Tanu, or Tatiu aB ho is moro familiarly called, is a youth of about 17. Ho has a ploasuut and in- telligent faco, but ho is somewhat shy, and, like his late luther, King Malietoa Laupopa, has little self assertion. He is, as a matter of fact, a mero school- boy, and was taken, sumcwhat ugaiust his will, from his studies to assumo the unpretentious but royal throne of Samoa. Tann's ambition. is to bocomo a missionary, und he certainly seems better fitted for a mission of peaco tbau to govern tho turbulent and democratic Samouus. Malietoa Tonu is of the noblest birth in Siinoa. Ho ia a direct descendent of the great chief itavelu, who several hundred years ago won his name by driving out tho Tongans, who had possession of the greater part of Samoa. But the Samouus do not placo much value on heredity. If they did, yonng Ta nu would reign undisputed. They want a strong, clever mau, not so much to gov orn them as to lead them. Tamasese, who is also of noble birth, and whoso father reigned for u brief timo as king of Samoa, is about 30 years of age, Btern looking, and evidontly a mau of strong opin- ions. Both ho and Tann were dressed in white lava lava. They shook hands in a JOuropoau fashion, and sat with beads uncovered in tho tropical.auu. Malietoa Tanu oxpluiued that Toinasese would Bpeak for him, and Tamasese began :-" Let not tne foreigners be angry with tho Samoaus. Lot all dwell in pence and havo good fooling. Thou ho explained that it waa tho desire of the larger number of Samoans that Malietoa should bo king, but .that owing to tho uctiou of Mataafa they were now on board H.M.S. Porpoiso, that thoy were awaiting tho decision of tho Treaty Powers, and on thia decision they would abide. " How ia it," I asked, " if the majority of Samoans are in favour of Malietoa that Mataafa had tho most followers in tho war ? " » Because," answered Tamasese, " there wero a great many on Mataafa's sido who were there through fear. If all tho families iii Samoa could bo placed together without intimidation, there would bo very few support Mataafa." " Is it true, Tamasese, that tho dormans made overtures to you beforo tho Chiof Justice gave lue decision ? " " Tes ; they made promises long ago. Soon niter my father Tumasese's death, and whilst Malietoa Luupopa was king, they promised to exalt me above all others in Samoa, as they bad exalted my father. This was some timo ago. They promised strongly and thoy havo broken these promises. Un frequent occasions during Malietoa Laupopa'e lifo they promised to assist me. They led nie to be- lieve that I should be made king." " Did the Germans on tho death of Malietoa Lauuopa favour his sou Tanu ? " " No ; Tanu was a nominee of the British, and the Germana objeoted to this, When tho Germunu heard, that I, Tamasese, had many supporters who wished to make me king they sent to me a letter. It reached me on the Saturday, and on tho Sunday I visited a German. I had two chiefs with me. He sent these men away, and when thoy were gone ho said that I must cease to suppoit Malietoa Tann and join Mataafa at Mulinuu. If I didjnot do this I should be sent away to another country. Ho «aid that it would be right for Matnala to be king, and if I helped him to become king I should bo rewarded." Tho German stated that Mataafa would bo king for only a little while, then Mataafa would bo token «way and Tamasese left (which Tamasese know meant tliat it was virtually promised that ho should bo king as soon as Mataafa could be disposed of). Tamaseso replied' Very well ; I will take tho matter into consideration and I will soo the German Consul. But," added Tamasese, "I had no intontion of supporting Mataufa in spito of what the Germans had promised, lor I had already decided that it was right that Tann Malietoa should be king, and I had called together my pooplo and thoy hud expressed their willingness to make Malietoa Tanu king of Samoa." I may remark hero that it is well known in Samaa that Tamaseso himself had many supporters for tho kingship, and ¡tis a fact that ho voluntarily gavo up his chances for this high position, and gave his own allegiance and influenced his followers on behalf of Malietoa Tann, " in order," as he Bald, " that there might bo peaco in Samoa." " Tho German," continued Tamaseso, " asked me to make a statement in favour of Mataufa, a written statement which ha could send to the Kaiser, Ho said that if I did not do this ho would toll tho Kaiser that Tamaseso was going away from tho German's to the English side. I asked him ' How is it that you support Mataafa't Do you not remember when Mataafa cut off tho heads of Gorman soldiers ? ' Ho said, ' Never mind that which ls ;past. Our support-tho German support-of olatuafa is only a clover scheme or a trick. "Wo lutend to make Mataafa king only for a few daye, then wo will send him away and make you, Tamasese, king in his place." " I askod Tamaseso how it was that Mataafa'a followers had more gnnB than Maliatoa's people, and ho, tuting the question to mean supporters, said. " A great number of peoplo weut to Mulinuu (Mataafa'a village) thinking that to go there was tho proper thing. Several chiefs representing villages had used strong persuasions with the people, urging them to Btick -by Mataafa. Muuy people wero supporting Mataafa on account of the work of the French priests. Tho priests told tho peoplo that they had better join Mataafa because he would bo supported by tho three Treaty Powers." . A Frouch priest had told Tamaicso that he, too, should work for Mataafa, as Mataafa was an old man, and Tamasese would succeed him. Another reason why people supported Mataafa was because both Tamuscse's father and Malietoa Tann's father had been king, and that it waa right that Mataafa should now have his turn. Again, many peoplo thought Malietoa Tann too young. They said " What is tho uso of a young maa as king ? Let us havo a mature man aa king." I asked Tamasese did tho Samoans believe that England and America would support Malietoa Tanu. He answered : " Some peoplo thought yes, some said no ; such talk was mere wind." " Is it true," I asked him, " that the London Mission attempted to influence the peoplo in favour of Malietoa Tanu ? " " It is not true. Tho London Mission did not move ia tho matter. Wo knew that tho London Mission desired Tanu as king, because ho had been educated by them ; but we knew only of ourselves ; the mission tonk no part iu tho matter." '* Did tho French priests work for Mataafa ? " " They 6ont men about the islands speaking in favour of Mataafa, because Mataafa was a Catho, lie." " It ia known that soma Germans took part iu the late civil war. Did any Englishmen or Americana tako part ? " " A few helped. Oue man helped much." " Did tho Germana lead you to suppose that thoir help wo3 stronger than that of America or England ?" " No, they have never lea us to believe this." " There is a letter from a German in tue ' Herald ' saying that tho German warship Falke first took Uahetoa's mon from the boats to succour them during tho storm, and that when the captain of the Porpoise saw this ho followed the good examplo set by the Fulko and took all tho remaining Samoans on board." " This is not truo. We were taken cu board tho English Bhip first, then on the German ship. Our numbers crowded the English ship. Wo wero pleased wheu tho message cumo from tho F alke ; but tho larger number remained on tho Porpoise. Tho Samoans are thankful to both the Germaus and tho English for their kindness." How did Matuafa'e peoplo obtain their rifles ? " " They bought them." t Here MaliotO't Tinu broke in and said that the Samoans had been saving up money to buy weaDons for a long time. Homo had 5dol,, some 10Jul., some 1 lódol. They got this money by the sale of copra. " How did tue Samoans buy rifie3 when the sale of auch things ia prohibited ? " Tamaseso laughed at this question. Ho replied : " Tho white mea are like ghosts. They say rifles prohibited this side, that side, but underneatn they give arms. All white men ure atiko in this." The remauder of the interviaw resulted in nothiog of importance, savo that Tamasese declared that England and America should annex Samoa, and that Malietoa Tanu declared that only ono of these Powers-he would not say which- should annex the islands. Both TamnBcse and Malietoa Tanu asked mo if I would tell the publie how grateful they were for the kindness of Captain Sturdeo and others' on tile warship Porpoise. 