SCOUNDRELS AND CO. by coulson kernaitan. CHAPTER XXIII. It was n windy day, and as Number Two spoke, wo distinctly beard the gale at tbo end ol tho garden blow to with a bang. "Who's that, I wonder?" said the clilel. "I latched tho gate myself just now very carefully. somo ono must have opened it. Ho rose as he spoke, and crossing to tho side that faced the garden, put his eye to ono of tho many spy-holes that he and I-Iubbock had made. Then ho turned to us In alarm. "I don't llko the look of tills, boys," ho said. "Thcro's a man coming up tbo path who looks and walks uncommonly like a plaln-elotkes police man. And what makes the thing all tho more fishy Is that there's another hiding behind tho hedgo outside as it on guard. Ah! there's the knock." Suro enough an authoritative "rat-tat-tat-tat- tat-tat" told us that somo ono was making free with tho ltnockor on tho door below. "What had wo better do, Hubbock?" asked tho chief, looking anxiously at his factotum. "Let them knock, I think," was tho answer. "They'll think there's no one at home. And oven if they effect an entry and search tho house, they'll never find us here." "Porbaps you're right," replied Number Two, more nervously than was his wont, -as the visitor below began to ring tho changes with a series of Bounding single blows that reminded ono of a blacksmith plying his hammer upon an anvil. "He's playing 'Rule, Britannia,' on it now," said ho of tho Ingrowing nail with an uneasy laugh. "I suppose you don't know anything about tills caller, Mr. Hall You wcro mightily suro about our being safe here, and about tho police thinking you to be a respectable resident, and nothing's happened since to change their opinion. I can't think it of you that you'd play us false." Hall's reply was to take a revolver from his pocket, and to offer it, butt forward, to tbo speaker. "It is loaded in tho six chambers." ho said. "Keep It, and if I give you cause by as much as a finger stir to suspect that I'm In league with the. police, blow my brains out where I. stand." "I ask your pardon for fearing for tho moment that you'd rounded on your pals," said the fellow, not without dignity, "and I'm qulto satisfied. Keep your shooting irons, Mr. Hall. You may have need of them, and I've got a brace of my own In my pocket if they're wanted." Tho knocking ceased, and was replaced by a low whistle. At a signal from Number Two, Hubbock crossed to the spy-hole and looked out. "I thought so," ho said. "The man outside the gato Is coming up tho path. That's what tho whistle meant. I fancy they're going to break in." Ho was right, for beforo long we heard each of tho windows and doors on the ground floor being tried in turns. "They're all fastened," said Hubbock, "and they won't get in that way. Listen! they're breaking a window. Ah, now they're In. I hear their footsteps and voices In tho hall. They're searching tho ground-floor rooms, X expect." "Keep still, every man of you," whispered Number Two sternly. "You three and Hubbock and I aro the only living souls who know about \- uvm. n uitung lUV JJVSiiUO lltlYU 1 SU3" pccting me, and what thoy've come after, I can't think. But, whatever they- have got to know, thoy don't know about the room .and if wo keep perfectly still, tho chances are after they've satis fied themselves that no one Is in tho house, that they'll go away again. And if they do find us out, and It comes to lighting, so much the worso for them. We're flvo to two, and after all tho risks we've run, we're not going to bo taken by a couple of Tarborough. bobbies." "Thoy're coming upstairs now, sir," Interpolat ed Hubbock wnrningly. "We must bo very quiet when they'ro in your room below, for I believe I left the cupboard door open, and when that's so, the sound of what Is being said or done in that room comes up surprisingly clear. Number Seven, you'ro nearest to the trap-door that opens into tho cupboard. Would you mind standing on It m case they should happen to try if it pushed up?" "This Is tho last room, Stockor," said a voice, "and now I think we've pretty well satisfied ourselves that no one Is in the house. All the same, we're suro of our man, I think. Mr. Hall is a gentleman— everyone knows that— and directly he hears who the villain is that he's been em ploying as a servant, and what he's wanted for, he'll be only too glad to assist' us to make the arrest." "There can't bo any doubt about that, sergeant," was the reply, "and lucky for him too that he hasn't been murdered In his bed beforo this with that fellow about tho place. How so pleasant- spoken a gentleman as Mr. Hall could a-got Imposed upon to take such a devil into his service I can't think. A forged character done it, I ex pect. That Hubbock 'd stick nt nothing. Fancy him being the man as is wanted for those mur ders, and all tho country a-wondorlng who It was. as done It, and crying out against tho polico for not finding out. This ought to mean promo tion for you, sergeant, when you've made tho aires t, and I shouldn't bo surprised If Mr Hall came down with something handsome as well." An exclamation from the sergeant checked the voluble Stocker. "Some one's been a-writing in this room, and V.?n7 lo»,S ago, " .explained the officer excited ly. The- blot on this sheet of paper ain't dry. See, I con smear it easy with my finger. I don t like tho look of this, Stocker." No more don't I, sergeant," was tho answer. . "a very suspicious about those two doors being fastened on the Inside. The windows was all bolted, too, as we know, because we tried em. And if the doors was fastened on the inside, and the windows too, it looks as if them as fastened 'em must be In the house too. Eh blocker?" ' "It does that, sir," acquiesced the admiring got!" J'ggins, what a headpiece you've "Stocker, I'm going to see this thing through that'"3 W Im soias t0 <l0' Hush! what's . "Cistern in the root a-gurg!lng, .1 think, sir. That's what it sounded like." "Perhaps so. XVhy, there it is again. It Is a most extraordinary noise!" It certainly was. Even to us overhead who saw it coming— if one may be permitted to speak of seeing a nolso come — and knew to what it was attributable, the sound seemed weird and unearthly; but to those who heard the noise without knowing its origin, tho effect must have been mysterious in tho extreme. Tho day was as I have already said, windy, and when I-Iub bock s eyo was applied to the open sky-hole in the roof, it was apparently "struck by a squall." Bo at least we assumed from the red and watery aspect which the organ in question presented when he returned to his seat. That, however was an infliction which the rest of us could have home with becoming resignation; but when cortain hideous distortions of the patient's face apprised us of the approach of a seizure which we liopod at first might mean only sudden death or a lit, but which wo were alarmed to see de veloping into a sneeze, wo felt that the situation was becoming— in a diploraatio sense — strained With admirable presence of mind tho nearest man to Hubbock handed him a handkerchief to put to his nostrils In placo of that which tho sufferer had already stuffed into his mouth, 'lhen— like bravo men who, having done "their best and failed, sit down to await death calmly — wo sat and waited for that sueezo. It was a long time coming. At first it seemed so long that tope told a flattering tale, and we began— all except Hubbock, who still had tho handkerchief stuffed In his mouth — to breathe again. That ho should breathe again was a matter of only secondary importance, and had ho had the de cency and the consideration then and there silently to give up the ghost, ho would assuredly have carried our good wishes with him whereso ever ho may have gone. But I-Iubbock's breath so far from passing away in a last low sigh, seemed, as wo watched, to swell up suddenly within him. His cheeks bocame hideously dis tended, the space? about his now protruding eyes puffed up like blown bladders. With a great effort ho hunchod his straining shoulders, toad- wise, to his ears, and then — no, I cannot de scribe it, even if the remnant of conscience which still remains to mo would allow me to do so. I got so fur as to try to spell it phonetically, but when I saw the unholy thing which I had thoughtlessly called Into existence, I tore the paper into fragments and then chewed them into a pulp that- no other eye but mine might look upon it again. As tho sound died away, we sut, as If frozen Into dreadful silenco, staring at Hubbock with eyes of horror and reproach; but when wo saw by his fixed upward-turned and prayerful eyes, dropped jaw. and outstretched, imploring hand that a second seizure was impending, we quailed as the BOldier in tho trenchos quails beforo tho coming shell. When It was all ovor, there was a deadly si lence' for half nminutc, and then we knew that tho gamo was up. "Did you hear that, Stocker?" said a voice in tho room below. "Dhl you hear that? And If so, what cl'yo make of It?" IStoekcr's mumbled reply wus not audible, so wo were not enlightened respecting his views. "Quito so," went on tho voice. "ft didn't sound human, did it? And If I'd heard it at night, I should have said this house was haunt ed, that's what I should have said. But being In the daytime, it can't bo that. What's that you say? "Very likely a bird that's got a nest in the roof? Don't tell me. Birds don't mako noises liko that. No, and It Isn't a wild animal that Mr. Hall's brought home from his travels, unless It's an animal by the namo of Hubbock, and bo's wild enough from all showing. Oniy I don't call him an animal. I call him a mur dering savago brute. Anyhow, I'm going to seo what's under that roof, if I break my neck in doing It. There's a ladder leauing against ono of tho fruit trees in tho orchard, and If wo stick It up on top of tho portico, we ought to bo able to reach tho roof. Anyhow, wo'll have a try, so como along." Tho fellow with tho ingrowing nail, tho Silent Councillor, H≪, and myself must, I suppose, whilo this was going on, have been looking thq reproaches which wo daro not speak, for as soon as the policemen were out of hearing, Ilubbock said snappishly; "It's qulto incompatible that you should all look asliunco at mo as If I was Infected with African leprosy. I was In no way cognisant of committing mischief." "Quito so, Hubbock," usaenteU Number Two; "you couldn't help sneczinz, my good man, any mora than you can help getting African leprosy, which I trust you never will. Tho only mercy is you didn't yawn, for yawning, llko African lep rosy, Is catching, and sneezing Isn't. But the question we'vo now to consider is, 'What's to bo done?" "I think," said the appeased Hubbock, more deferentially, "If the council doesn't think tho course too ignominious, that it would he advisable to ensconco ourselves under tho table. If tho policemen climb up on the roof and extract a tile to look in, they can't seo us there, and they may conclude that the room is uninhabited." "By extracting a tile, our friend doesn't mean annexing somebody else's hat," explained Number Two, good-humorcdly; "all tho saine, I think he's right. They couldn't sco us under the table, and if they como to the conclusion that the room's empty, they may decide to sheer off altogether, or to icavo one on guard here, while tho other goes on to Tarborough to report progress to the super intendent. Tho situation is not very serious at the worst, for it would ho the easiest thing in tho world for us to overpower the two bobbies, and either silenco them altogether or leave them here gagged and tied up, whilo we make off. I don't know that tho former course wouldn't bo the kindest, for the loom might never bo discovered unless they could manage to make themselves heard; they'd stand a good chance of dying by slow starvation. But if we can work things to get clear away without coming to blows with the bobbies, I'd rather that it were so. They may think this 1s only an ordinary billiard-room that couldn't find tho entranco to, and that as Hub- book and I seem away, there's nothing to he done hut. wait until we como back to arrest our friend here. Apparently it's him they want, not mo, whom they still appear to look upon as a reput able member of society. I think our friends out side aro propping tho ladder against the wall, in which case it will he time to adjourn to under tile table." Before very long wo heard the sound of somcono clambering from a ladder to the roof, and cau tiously picking his way, apparently on hands and knees, towards the top. By-and-by the sound of a moving body ceased, and then wo heard tho work ing and wrenching which told us that the new comer was engaged In removing some tiles. Mean while we "lay low," "ensconced ignominiously" as Hubbock phrased it, well out of sight under tho billiard table. Tho position was so cramped that I was, if anything, relieved to know, by an exclamation of astonishment from tho "extractor of tiles" overhead, that the secret chamber of Heath Cottage was a secret no longer. "HI! Stocker! are you there?" called an excited voice, which I recognised as the sergeant's. "I'm hero, sir," came tho reply from below, "I always did think that Hall was a bad lot, for all his seeming so quiet and respectable," said the sergeant. "It's always tho quietest ones as is the worst. What d'ye think he's got up here?" "Fowls?" suggested Stocker, lamely. He was not a man of many ideas, and, having lately covered himself with glory by the brilliant arrest and capture of two small boys who were robbing a ben-roost, the prevention of poultry pilfering filled a very Important place in his conception of tho duties of a constable. "Yes, fowls, I ex pect," ho added more confidently; "leastway, stolen ones mat ties aupt up uieiu iu ue uut ui the- way. It sounded like fowls when we heard that noise just now." "Fowls!" retorted his superior officer contemp tuously; "fowls, you fool! You've got fowls on tho brain slnco you got those boys convicted. No; it's something worse than fowls, I can tell you. I always did think that Hall wasn't all he should be. And him so quiet, too! Well! well! there's no knowing what anyone's character is tiil he's found out. It's a harem, thait's what it is. I've seen a picture of one in tho 'Windsor Magazine,' and recognise it easy. There's hang ing lamps that don't look as if thoy was meant to burn respectable oil in decent houses. And there's couches without any legs, llko a bed made up on tho floor— divans, don't they call 'em? — all in stripes and gaudy colors, and heaped up with soft pillows. Downright heathenish I call it. There's a big tablo in tho middlo that's got a big white cloth flung over it as if there was some thing on it, that was too wicked even for Hall to look at long. We shall find something pretty there, I'll promise you, when we get down. Well, well, it's a wicked world we livo in." "Is there any wimtnin' there?" inquired the Intelligent Stocker witli more interest than he had previously manifested. "A harem's a place where they keep a lot of lovely women, ain't it? I've seen ono at the 'Quarium when I wont to London, "they had golden, hair, and wore trousers made of gold and stuff, and lay, about in couches and looked cross." "No; that's what I can't make out," replied his chief. "Thcro ain't no women, hut there soon will bo, you mark my words. Hall and Hubbock have gone to fetch 'em, now they have got it all ready. That's why there's no one at homo to day. A pretty pair of rascals they are, a-bringlng their Romand Catholick ways into a Christian country. I'll harom 'om before I've done. You go and see it you can find mo a bit of ropo, so as I can fasten it to tho chimney stack and let my self down into tho room. I'm going to seo what's on that table, harem or no harem." Tho search for a ropo was apparently success ful, and as the sergeant had In tho meanwhile been working hard to mako tho hole in the Toot largo onough to admit his body, he bade Stocker come up upon the roof and hold on to tho ond which was hitched to tho chimney stack, while ho lowered himself into the room. Curiosity getting the hotter of discretion, I very guardedly Inclined my head outward an inch or two beyond tho projecting rim of tho tablo, and, twisting my nock round, looked up. Tho sergeant, hanging on to the rope, bad just got clear of the holo in tho roof, and was pre paring to lower himself down hand-over-hand. Through tho opening over his head the red and bovino face of Stockor was staring. . He was watching the sergeant's progress witli eager in terest, but tho movoment of my withdrawing head apparently attracting his attention, ha craned through the aperturo, and, catching sight of mo, pointed down with an excited yell to where I was lying. Whether the shout so startled tho sergeant as to causo him to loso his hold, or whether what happened was caused by tho letting go by Stocker of tho end of the rope which was hitched around ino ciuinuey auu; tv, x uauiiut. say. j\i i jl juiow is that tho unfortunate sorgeant fell with a crash upon tho table, pullling down with him one of tho lamps that lighted the table. This lamp, though of Oriental and ancient manufacture, had been prostituted by Hall to so base a uso as the burn ing of paraffin; and as artlflcial light was a neces sary oven during daytime in Hall's prophet's chamber, it was unfortunately burning at tho time. As It fell, It struck tho edge of tho table and cannoned — a terrible tongue of fire— against one of tho walls, which, as the reader knows, were draped, tent- wiso, from floor to ceiling with somo Indian fabrics. Tbo room, being di rectly under tho roof, was always hot, and this fabric had evidently become as dry and Inflam mable as tinder. 'There was, as I have twice al ready mentioned, a strong wind blowing outside, which doubtless played no llttlo part iu bringing about what followed. (To be continued.) 