REVIEWS OF BOOKS. 'Judith Boldero,' by \villiam J. Davsoa; Bowden's Colonial Library.— If Mr. Dawson had not already established for himself a renutation ?&* :i writer of more than ordi nary uierary aDiiiiy, mis taicst proaucuuu of his would .secure for him a position amongst the most popular of modern authors. In his previous contributions to fiction he ha* shown considerable talent for character drawing, and a genius in depicting English village lite, distinguishing qualities which are once more strikingly demon strated in 'Judith Boldero.'' This is a story in which love, lwthos, and tragedy all play a part of more or less importance, and the interest of the reader having been secured in the very beginning it is easily maintained throughout the book. 'The Bolderos,' in the language of the author, 'as people of halt-gipsy origin, did not stand well with their neighbours, and had never done so.,' hut the prl Judith de termined to ri?e superior to the - position into which she had been born. 'She was tired of being treated as a social suspect; the wanted to be respectable like other girls.' ller marriage with Stephen Tolver, a seaman of good repute, gives general dis satisfaction, and raises the fury of Daniel Uodbolt, a former adntircr, who eau.-ca the tragedy which brings about the selfsacrific ing and ignominious death of Tolver, and blights the life of the girl. Here is u fair sample of Mr. Dawson's style:— 'JudithV heart was u battlefield where an empire had been lost, and it had ghosts in plenty. But Nature ha? many gracious v.nys of imparting oblivion to things past; does she not &ow; the battlefield itself with golden grain, and hide with tapestries o[ flowers and foliage the chasms of the earth quake T ''Thus, as the impartial seasons bring the same gilts to battlefield and peaceful pas ture, to Judith drew healing from the pro cess of suns. Life with his seed basket passed across the hungry furrows of her heart; verdure came slowly back again, pushing out soft fibres of indomitable hope in an ever-widening circle, until at last the graves of pain were covered.' The heroine h a tine conception, and the other principal characters of the ro mance are exceedingly well drawn. 'The Harvest of Sin,' by Marie Connor Leighton — (James Bowden, London) — is a well-written novel full of dramatic interest, and this is how it btgins— 'So you think that a play with a reii gious note in it will still stand the best chance of success?' enquired the actor manager, in a reflective tone. The sharp-faced dramatic critic balanced his eyeglasses more comfortably on his nose. ''I don't think there is any* doubt about it,' he answered, in a crisp voice. 'Look at these religious plays that went ahead like wildfire some little time n?o! And then at Marie Corelli's bonks! They appeal to the same public. Why, my dear fellow, it's as clear as daylight that the religious element in a novel or a play appeals to the public far and away beyond anything else. Under the cloak of your high purpose you can introduce scenes that would not other wise be tolerated. Upon my word,'' he chuckled, 'I wonder sometimes why Zola did not, tliink of excusing his appallii:;; fpnknesa with some such plea of lofty mo tive. UU works would theu have bceu ir the bands of every pious man and woman in the kingdom. Dear, dear, dear 1 To think of the ruvalties he ha? lost!' 'And do you mean to say,' said the third 'man of the group, who was evidently lee* intimately connected with matters theatri cal t,han the other two. 'do you mean to say that people take these religious play; seriously? Do they really believe that r manager stages such plays purely with the intention of doing good?*' 'My dear Mr. Everard,' said the drama tic critic, speaking with a trilie more respect in his tone than had been there when he addressed the actor-manager, 'will you really never understand that the public at large is. after all. only an aggregation of grown-up children? Why, they swallow any thing, my dear sir, provided only it has got a coating of spurious piety.' The heroine of the story, Iktty Grant, if a charming creation. Poverty having over taken the Grant; family they were compelled to leave their luxurious L'lierster-stjuare man sion and take up their abod*' iu a mean street at West Hampstcad. Betty's brothei Walter, whom she dearly loves, is a bedrid den cripple, of about .-Lxteou, and slie lias : little sister of seven and au infant brother. The eldest of the family, Cecil, has sudden ly vanished, after baring been accused of embezzlement by his employers. The fathci . is dead, anil the mother chafes under her nuaiumuiea. luey n« upon au annuity o £50 a year. Betty, to supplement this, de termines to become an actress. i-eing a ven prepossessing young lady she is engaged by the actor-manaser, Mr. thatterton-Corby The theatre is financed by Mr. Annin Kvi rard, a ifouth African millionaire, and c man with a past. In the compaur is a youn barrister, Dick Calthorpe, a. capital fellow who, owing to the absence of briefs, ha? taken to the stage. He falls in love with Betty, and his ruission is reciprocated. But here again, as usual, the course of true lovt does not run smooth. The millionaire, too idolizes Betty, and now our heroine's trou bles begin. Dick is pour, so natural! Betty's mother favours the suit of the mil lionaire, who. however, is more than double th age of the daughter. Betty is in a delicate position. By marrying Everard sh- can at once lift the family from abject poverty to wealth. The mother urges liei to bring it about, and the great, sad eyes of her dearly loved bedridden brother look up at her appealing!}'. Wealth would en able him to obtain the best medical advice The plot is well conceived ami admirabl) developed; the principal diameters are real living; men and women; there is some very pretty lovemakimr ami much sprightly din logue, nor is the story devoid oFthrillinc incidents. ?'Biamillah,' by A. J. D;i\vat-n; Maeinillan awl Co., London. jh.t favour of W. C Righy, Adelaide. This is a t Jo of Morocco, and a. capital tale it is, in n-'-i.V-h the 'old, old irtorr' that i» always new is dealt with in a very pretty manner. The first chapter i&mvs; an outbreak of di»..nnttnt among the townspeople of Asjaance, because Sala am, the sun of Alisalaam, ?» to lit beaten with two hundred strokes in the outer Soko (maH;et-place) at the fifth hour after morning prayer, or shortly before 10 o'clock, and the people said— it is not pood thai a true believer, a Mosit:m.n:a. l-«- beaten by the order of an Israeliti*h dog!'' In IToroccoo, that country of blood, Minshinc. and tyranny, the Jew U tmt nfum per mitted to forji't the curse which is gene rally believed l«- have been laid upon his ancient race for all time. Yet..ius though in quiet mockery of the malediction there as elsewhere, the despised eliildrcn of Israel are the wealthiest, the most subtly influential, the nio»i astute and cunning among a mixed community of not uncraftv inen and women. Aaron Ben Ramad, a rich Hebrew, had surprised yuunjr Balaam the Moor in the inner garden of lus great house, making love to his charming little sixteen- year-old daughter Rachel, hence the heavy sentence jkiskkI oh the Moor. The hero, however, is Martin Wanl. bred in TangisT of KnirlUh jKirent.-'. His father, who by the Mohammedan* us always railed 'the grod Christian,' had adopted Kath leen, a little Irish prl, ;md she and Martin being on a vessel named the Bonaventura have one morning pli^hrnl their troth As luck would have it Ui.hanl Antonio Bensaquin. whom Martin's fiither hx* left u guardian of the diildren. also loves Kathleen and her wealth. One ewaine Moorish pirates board the ship, and Bensat quin ccntrivts hy a tlialtolic-nl trick U) ct't Martin barred in a cabin as a preliminary to lus own escape with Kathleen in a small boat. The ?Lip takes fire, and Martin i* within «c aco of being roasted, but being rea cued by the pirates he is taken ashore and held lor racsom in the housi- of the rich Jew. Aaron Hen RaniaH. Martin has been roughly handled by ibe pirates, so the pretty Rachel nurses him. Salaam, it may be mentioned, never receive* the two lundred strokes, because Rachel swears to rer father by all that's sacred that if her lover is punished she will cut her throit, bo Salaam is banished the country in stead of being beaten. Martin having lost iu Kathleen and Jlaehel her Salaam, a fellow-feeling makes them wondrous kind towards 'each other. They plot together, and the marvellous adventures and hair breadth escapes of three out of the four principal characters introduced before thev ure again reunited is indeed exciting read ing. There is much quaintly cbanning Moorish roveraaking, whilst the scenic dc st'riptit.-n.s are tivisterpiece3 of wordpaint ing. The book is bright trom cover to c\er, niid can be honestly recommended to lovers of light literature. ''The Gospel Writ in Steel,' by Arthur Patcreon; Macmillan & Co., London, pet W. C. Rijrhy. Adelaide, is a story of the American Civil War. It open* on the day on which the Federal flag at Fort Minuter, having been- hauled down ' under the fire of Secession guns, the Whigs, Democrat*, and Re publicans ofthe Xortliem States, roused to a frenzy of excitement, called with one voice for Urnis. John Durleeton i« a far mer of Chippewa, Northern Wisconsin, the only son of his widowed mother. 'John/* rfie said Middcnly, 'what wiil folk do about this?*' 'Volunteer, 1 *hou' 1 guc-s. The militia will he railed am, but that will not bs enough — net near enough.' Chippewa men were not backward in volunteering, ami they elected John Barks ton as their Captain. To the disgust of the townsfolk he refused to take any part in the wnr, and gave $2,000 to buy rifles for the Chipiwwa volunteers. The' hero and Seth Cotton, the fechoolmn&ter;, are rivals for the hand of pretty Jean Selby, who is an ardent Abolitionist, and heart and soul or the war. Seth shares hvr enthusiasm. Up to this time John was the favoured suitor, but on Seth joining the Wisconsin regiment their positions are reversed. He Is taken prironer by the rebels in Georgia, and as rliere is no exchange of prisoners recogni.-ul at the time it seemed probable that_ he would end his days in a foul dun.'i.\ui. John's love for /can ln.s ifor diminished, although she if ti'ti-scd to another, so on wr acvouu:, he pledget* liimself to rescue ler liner, and with an introductory letter n-m President Lincoln t:- General Sherman he starts for Georgia. The General is about .ready to make his famous march through the country, and John become* one. of his couriers, a post requiring nerve and *kill. The prst half of the book, although read able, cannot, ';it all event*, be described as exciting, but this is atoned for in the latter half, where the heroic deeds of John after joining Sherman's army are detailed in a very S'lrued manner indeed. The dia logue on the whole is lively and the ilia ratter-drawing good, notably in the ca-e of the hero, hi* mother, and Jean. Taken altogether, the l-o.-k abundantly proves that cur old friend 'Banjo' Paterson, who pc-micd the 'Man fioni Snowy River' verses, can also write capital prose. 'A Barrier Bride,' by George Garnet, George Robertson & Co., through Messrs. Ja tuts Hill £ Sons, Adelaide. The first chapter describes a scene in the Court house ot \\\ ooliana, Xew South Wales, and the sentencing of Walter Waltliaiii, a young Bunk clerk and the principid charac ter in the .story, to four years' l«nal servi tude lor easing the Bank's coffers of 10,000 sovereigns. Owing to the capsizing of the coach in which he is travelling to faol \ alter escapes and makes his way to the Barner whvr fields. He is in prison clothes, and the |ioliee are on his track, rortuiiatcly ne ionics across a man whom he imagines to l-e dead, so he annexes a dectnt suit of tweeds and clothes the suii posed defunct in his own broad-arrowed garment*. This throws the myrmidons ol the law off the scent. The Broken Hill silver boom puts money into the hero'* pocket, and he falls in love with the charming Kate C'arden, a governess on ji neighbouring station. Singular to say, KhU is the sister of the rightful owner of tlic :weeds, who, it turns out, was not dead Life on the Barrier in the early days o| the silver iliscoverics is capitally described The spree in 'DutchyV giog shanty. where a dead man* cheque is knocked down, will probably look like gross exag geration by those who knew not Silvertoo in ifj infancy, but from the writer's |wr- spnal e.\i-crience he ran assure the reiidei that it is not at all overdrawn. Walter, ol course, Li a deeply wroncwl younu man. i victim ot tiu! vnianous .Manager, who, in tue tr.ci «(.f » his diverts in a most unex pected manner. The tale is interesting, and it m told in straightfonvard style. The sub Litle of the book is 'A story of the Broken Hill strike,' but only about thirty of the over 300 iki«cs are devoted to that his torical episode. 'Singing Through the Dark,' by Dora B. Jloutc-ncre; Sampson, Low, Marston, and Co., London. Most of the poems in the vol ume before us ure of unmistakably sombre hue. Iheir keynote may be found in the first two lines of '\eux Clos,' on the first cage:— ller so:il i- weary, shroud with nuCter's veil IU sulfiTin? iJvptluf, ami i-lose the tail, tired eyes A E|iecimcn of one of the author's more buoyant efforts is a sonnet entitled 'One reiple, One Destiny:'— Washed by Uiu wave* ami tin led bv the tea Australia, bileratcir. fears no fw. East, wi-,1, suutli, iwrth, one nation, young and Ki-ady she Manus; (ilrdecd to develop, srow, Pu'.'K ?tlJL' Uifl and nol-Iwt in her nationallile Hluch u-iidom and the great laws of Uod uruain. Putlin? a.-jilc pa»t jpaiousien and strife Whicli himlcr larn'ir issuea ilut renuin, Australia. f«lfraJ«l. takes Iht pla«- Ani.»»w the natiou ol the wurlii. the tUg Of fn-.«J.,iii h,!,| aloft: wilh steadfast tacc. And youthful heart, ne'er backward will she In tbe world'* progress— A-.ivam-c Australia Free: Thy sons U-li.vc in thy crtwt destiny! J he wnger is evidently a believer in 'The At-w \\\ o.imn, ' wiiii-d in the title of one of the lonuai: poc-im in tiie collection. Jyhe tells* us that:— V^}nrJ'a llic n-ntury's threshold, « ith Jar fact- towards tlie dawn. SLimii a tall and radiant presence. In her eyes the |ic|,f of nwrn. And further on we are informed that for— CVntuncj shf fi.llow.-d blindfuld Where |«.r lord and nuukr led; U\c,l M% faitii. i-mbran-d his morali; rrwJ hut wheiv ho hade lier tread; Till oih! day the lislit broke round |jer, Anil shi; siw with horror's gaze, Well, Homeihing that induced her to 'go on her own, and revive nei-er more to tread where Iu.t l»rd and master trod. Hie uenti men-ji -expressed in '.^inging.« ITirough the lJ.uk, «lo honour alike to the heart and held ot the author, and, whatever hei shortcoming* a* a poet, there is no fault to be found with her on the score of earnest ne«tt. 'A Bit of Wool,' by E. foyd Bnviv, ?Jarrold, & fcons, London. Here we h'ave tour bright and interesting stories the one that gives the book its litle being a capital picture of life in a fishing villugt on the Devoncnire coast. Joan l'ctlierick the lovable orphan, and Barney Drake are sweethearts. Barney is about 'to 8tart on a whaling cruis-e to the Land of the Mwl night Sun. The evening Wore he goes on board he a.«ks .Fain to promise to be hi*. wile on his return. The lady is bashftd and hesitates, so Barney asks her to com munu-atc her ilecininn by letter to him at Bidetord. whore the Lucy Ann was to call prior to her final departure. Joan agrees; but the girl is no '.??chollard.' After a days* consideration she makea a long pencil stroke on a piece of pajwr, which did duty for 1, then she broke oft a piece of wor sted trom her knitting and laid it beside the pencil mark, and then triumphantly folded the jmrwr and stuck it down with wafers. Her answer, 'I wool,'' was ready for dispatch. Barney is away for three Ions y«ars. the vessel having been hemmed in by the i«-e. When he returns he i» a helpless cripple, the intense cold having de prived him of the use of Isis legs. Joan's Aunt Betsy is, on the whole, a good and kindheurtcd woman, but on Joan's return after carrying Barney his dinner her aunt demand* roughly — 'How long be thee a-going to cturrv this on?'' ? 'Caurry what on, aunt?' asked Joan, startled. 'FoUerin' after a man as caan't never make 'ee a husband.' ''So long as he do want I, said Joan. ''He won't be nothing but a bed-lier.' -'I do knaw that.' 'Nor fit to do ne'er a stroke of work for thee.' 'I do knaw it; but I gived nn my promise fur better fur warse.' In this the tint .story, and alto in a somewhat lesser degree in the others, pathos is the predominating frature. To readers of a religious turn of mind, especially, these wholesome tales will prove a wmrce of- delight. Tbe book is capitally illustrated. 'A Bolt from the Blue,' by Scott Gra ham; Jarrold & Sons, London.— The first page introduces us to handsome John Le Breton, who at the termination of a lawn tennis match is being congratulated by the ladies on his skilful play. 'You should rather congratulate my part ner. But for Miaa Fairfax's steady play the result would probably have been very different.' . . 'Oh, no, indeed, was the modest an swer of the lovely girl of eighteen who sha red in the triumph of the hero of the hour. 'It was all your skill that did it. The players were in the grounds of Craig bide Halli one of the most fashionable of the semi-curative semi- sociable health re sorts which have become eo popular of late years. After the match Le Breton takes Mona Fairfax for a row on the lake, and gets her to promise him several dances at the forthcoming ball in the evening. But Le Breton is a man with a past. A new arrival at the health resort, a lady with 'sunken eyes and sad lines about her mouth,' meets him in the garden, and the meeting is not a pleasant one. At iw close Le Breton sends a message to Mona inform ing her that on account of being suddenly called to Edinburgh he would be unable to claim her premised dances. Shortly after the two accidentally meet in Florence, and their friendship, which was rapidly ripen ing into love at Craigside Hall, is renewed. After perusing the farst few pages the rea der knows that Le Breton is a bad egg. His wife has divorced him, and he has been discreditably mixed up in other imsavoury matrimonial cases. Of course, Mona, who is a most lovable innocent girl, knows noth ing whatever of these things Le Breton i.- a fascinating young man of thirty, and appears to have been about as successful a ladykiller us 'Jack the Ripper.' Xor was he unsuccessful with Mona. To give him his due he was much attached to her, and his passion was reciprocated. So they married, and the first year was a delight ful honeymoon. We shall not hint at what happened afterwards. The book, which is written in a deadly earnest style, unenli vened by a single gleam of humour, reads as if it were the work of a woman, and may nrova interesting to the fairer sex. With the exception of charm inji Mona Fairfax none of the characters will prove in any way attractive to the ster ner reader. 