THE IN DICTION CEKEMONY Iti&bop; Hiygins was inducted to the oftiw of Roman Catholic Bishop of the diocese of Roekhaniptnn at St. Joseph's Church. UtH-kJiaiii[-ton. on the 2Ut instant. The tvreinonv. though very simple, was very pictures] ue. and it was wit nessed by a very larjre number of the ad trict and by members of other congrega tions. Among those present were the Mayor of Rockhampton (Mr. H. Hddes) and a number of the children from the Roman. Catholic Orphanage at Meteor Park. The ceremony itself concluded, addresses were presented to the Bishop from the clergy of the diocese, the members of the congregation of Sl Joseph 5 parish, the Executive of the Rockhampton District of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, and the Rock hampton Catholic Young Men's Society. THE INDUCTION'. The ceremenv of inducting Dr. Hjggins commenced realty at his quarters at the Grosvenor Hotel and sharply at eleven o'clock, when he was met by the Rev. Father Walsh, who has administered the affair* of the diocese since the death of Dr. Higgina's predecessor tDr. J. Gin.il in March of last year. At the door of the hotel he was received by the members of the Hiber nian Society and escorted by them in his carriage to the grounds of the church. iAt the entrance to the grounds there was an archway of flowers and greenery bearing q word of welcome, and as the carriage con veving Dr. Higjrins passed beneath this the children of the Roman Catholic schools in Rockhampton, who had been gathered to gether, commenced to sing the words of the hnnn ''The faith of our fathers.' The children had been lined up on either side of the gateway and right up to within a few feet of the entrance of the church — the girls on the right, the boys on the left. Each child wore a riboon of the Bishop's colours — white, red, and green — and the girls carried the bannerettes of tiie Sacred Heart, Our Lady, and St Joseph. The Bishop drove through the files of little folk to the ''fonT** school-room, which for the nonce, had been converted into a sacristy, and between the ranks of the members of the Hibernian Societv, who. in the meantime, had formed up on either side At the door the Bishop was met by the priests of the parish of St. Joseph and the itrhpr narishM in fhn Ainr*±aj- tr+in linro t-nmo to Roekhampton to greet him. In the schoolroom the Bishop -was vested with the robes and other insignia of his otfivf and headed bv a priK*e--ion. consist - inir --f the ero'-bearer. the acolyte-, and ?Uit- prie-fi.-* walked uUroug'li the ranks of the tfiliernrjiN to ihe church door. There n-ie pre-cnt«»d to the Ad mini-zrjtur rli- I*jpal Bri«*f appointing him I., tin- -4-e. Them.* he prtfc-eeded alongtlio A- lie ^ti-piM-d in-ide the door die bell «-ai MHed : and a- lie a*-ended the throne t'»f ~T«- Dpudi ' was intoned by the cho aujniipnteil by Ievie-, from the choirs of t!it* opber chun-hes of the town. The Bi-htjp foroiallv enthroned, ejch one hmir.i;jt» -m bendf-d knee. Father WaMt now stepped to the fron; *it ih-* -.ini-tUiiry. and. facing the (?ongrega* ti«»n. -'Jid : It is my duiv to read the Papal Uriel fr-.m file Holy Father -nhe l'ope ap jniimini the i»rd ?Bi.Jliop j» HNhop of K,»-kh.-nrjnon. The Hrief. wlii--h wa« in the lanjruage of i'ip rhun;:i - Ijj'tin \ , wan then read, fol **uao xra. -To our Venemiile Brother Joseph Hur pin-. Titular KiJacrp of Aaliielle, and Auxi ILiry uf the AwiiiiiJiop of Sydney. ' Venerable -Hrrtner.— 'Hearui and Apos tulic Hem-ditAion. 'The offitt- of the Apotvolate, mrhich, not -*-mmiried to Us from on high and Through tt'Iiirli. by Divine Providence, we exercise jurisdiction over all the cfcuruhe*. we de sire, ivith God's help, to fulfil with advan tage to the faithful When, therefore, rulers of those churches are to be chosen. We are most anxious and careful to ap potat. as pastors, those niho are equalled to edify their people by word and example, and are willing and aible. wititi the Divine assiscance. to maintain in Iranquility, and rule \viah wisdom, the churches entrusted to Pheir keepinpr. We have, for a Jong time, reserved to Ourselves the £uqg-up of va cancies rn episcopal sees, und, consequently, have declared null and void any appoint any person, whatsoever 'hi» authority may i-e. Nvm-. the diocese of Roakhampton, in Australia, being deprived of the nimiAra tion-s of a Ifishop since the dea'dh of the Mo*i Reverend John (Ami. of blessed nie niory. We. dpsiixms of appointing his suc cessor (by an act of authority whiJU none but Ourselves can or could exercise, as it is reserved by decree ro the Supreme Pon tiff). deiJberatrd lo*ng and fully wTih Our venerable brethren, the Cardinals of the Congregation of Propaganda, and. in coh sequence. now turn to \\\\-u. venerable bro ther, of whose pietv. learning, and expe rience we have many proofs, with special affection. We herdby absolve you (so far as is now necessary) from all ecclesiastical censures and penalties (should you have incurred any such), and through the full ness of Our aposrolic power. We release you from the position of Titular Bishop of Antffelle. ?translating you. toy the same authority, to the see of Rockhampton. Over thi- church We place you as Bishop and in temporals, we give to you. trusting that, through Him who gives His grace and gifts in abundance, you will do all f.-r t)ic greater glorv of God and tlie salvation of *ouls. ** NotwithManding the Constitution of Our Predecessor. Benedict X1V_ in the division of matters and the other constitutions and sanctions of the Holy See and all things el-* though deserving of special an:i separate mention. ''Given at St. Peter's, Borne, under the ri'tg of the Fisherman, on the 4th day of llav, in the year of our Lord eighteen hundred year of Our Pontificate-7* This concluded the ceremony; but t!iere followed the presentation of the addre*«?s. the addresMn- reply of the Bishop, and the Benedic-lion. After the Bishop's address the choir sang ** Kcce Sacerdoa,*7 and during the Benedic tion the solo **O Salutaris' was given b\ Mr. T. M^Cormack, and CartonTs M Tantum' and Zingarellfs u Laudate ' (Mr. J. Farry taking the solo in the latter) by the c-hoir. Thence the Bishop returned to ihe school room, preceded, as before, by the c-ro-?« bearer, the acolytes, and the priests. THE ADDRESSES. The address from the priests. wbl?h was as follow^ was read by Father Walsh : — On behalf of the undersigned priest of your diocese, we beg to offer you a mwt cordial welr-ome. The news of your ap pointment co this see was received with joy and gratitude by every one of your priests, and it gives us great pleasure to tender you here to-day the expression of our unswerv ing loyalty. We feel confident that, unu'er Divine Providence, cihe growth of our holy religion in this division of Queensland will be promoted under your -rule, and, under all ?rhose difficulties incidental to the adminis Traition of a Urge and sparsdy populated paithy and hearty c«--©peration. privilege of opening your new GaqJhedra], and finally pray that you mav long be spared to rule over us. With expressions of loyally and nu.Kit ment. «v bog to sub-cribe ourselves. The following is the address of the c .n gregation of St. Joseph's Church, whi^-h wa* read by Mr. T. Kelly :— We. Bhe undersigned.' on behalf off the Catholic of Roekhamipiton, hereby respect fully tender you a deep and heartfelt v.el come to tihi~ 'diocese. Hearinsr anuch of your distinguished career in the mother colony and elsewhere, we assure your Lord piiintment to tin* *ee was received through out tlie diocese with feelings of *ov an-1 thankfulness. been devoted to the erection of a oathednl befitting tlie growing requirement* of the Catholio in this ijart of Queensland, and we assure vour Lordship that our be-^t effort.-s will be cheerfully given to streng then your Lordship s hands in whatever completion of our cathedral church. We trust that your Lordship will be pleased to hear that many excellent school? and other educational institutions have been established in the various centre? throughout the diocese, and foremost amongst these institutions thus f.iun-»**.! 1* the orphanage at alcceor Park, wliicii n»V be said to have been as dear to the iie*rf of our late revered Bishop as it now stuni a monument of his benevolent and chri-r tian charity. In conclusion, we again beg to welcon-: your Lordship amongst us, and we earnestly pray that vou may long be spared to fill the Ligh and holy office of Bishop of the diocese. Mr. D. Maher (Secretary of the Roi hanipton District of the Hibernian Society) read die address of the members of th.it organisation, as follows : — Wi-. the Executive of the Rsekhauipton District of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, on behalf of tfic members of that body, offer you a hearty \- caed mille failthe ~ on your arrival -r our mid-L Wo desire to express our pleasure at your elevation to the important see of Rock hajnppton. being confident I hat. under your kind and judicious {nTniTwi-m ration, oi-r church and societv will continue to prosper. We promise vou our co-operation in the work of completing that noble edifice — our cathedral— in the erection of whi'-h our laic Bishop took so deep an interest. A^ain welcoming' vou and craving the benefit of your blessing for our society, we subscribe ourselves. The following is the address of the Catho lic Young Men's Society, which was rea-i by Mr. W. H. Sheehy (Secretary) : — 'Send knowledge forth to beautify and purify the earth ' The nurse of manly sentiment, of honour, truth, and worth, ' Lot it go forth unstained and free from pride's unholv leaven. '-With fearless spirit raised to man, but humbly bent to- heaven.' On behalf of the members of the Caiholic Young Men's Sodetys we. hereby beg to offer our tribute of respect to tout. Lord ship, and to welcome you to Rockhampton. Though but recently established, we have the pleasure of assuring x our Lordchip that our aims so far have met with a marked degree of success. We are beginning to realise how much moral and mental im provement accrues from intercourse with each other in intellectual discourse. Our young men already take a deep interest in the preparation of papers on historical* and literary subjects. Most of us are native born Australians who feel proud of , our country and of the many distinguished .men who have illumined the pages of Australian history. Yet we bave not failed to extend our rending to the history of other lands, especially to the story of Ireland, its slinU and its scholars, its 'warriors and states men, and its noble aspirations for the blesf ing? o! legislative independence. We respectfully request that your lord ship will honour n= by accepting the posi tion of patron of our society. We promise -that we shall do all in our power to prove ourselves worthy of your favour and en couragement, and we earnestly pray that you may long be spared to guide and assist u? by your loving c-are in the paths of piety THE BISHOPS REPLY. Bishop Higgins replied to all the ad dresses together in the following speech;— Very reverend and reveread fathers anl dearly beloved -brethren ,of ftaie laity.— To say that I receive Trith grarfiude those ?beautiful addresses which your 4dndne~ has prompted you to pre^en't to ill** ou niv Arrival amongst ~vou 'would be to exiin?*;- very little ind«j of iflie fwlin;.- wiiMi fill my brea-: at iliL- ,nioinP7it. [ coni aniong^l you a eoroparative .-^ranjrrr. wil1! fen* merits of :jiiy awn and 'with fen'er elarms 'to the bi^li po-ition n-lik-1i I have iboen jninunoned to ocuupv in vour dioeese ?but I come, all tie same. a- the ]-earer of tlie 9ii^h counimi4?ion of the vicar of Christ, and Tew-nii*in£ in That (vmuma^ion (tli-1 warrant of my authority and ibe title deedj and von addrft*^ to nie encoura^D' words df ?n-ek-ome that po far to allay those feel injrs of difftdence -whieli a lively oonseious ne-s of comSnjj responsibility only too sen w'Hy aw^ken=. For that prenerous wel come I thank you. I rfjank. ra tflie Rr^x place, the veneraWe priest* of itihis dio than a feUoiv ivorkcr. and I sincerely tru,t that in tie (future |iro-ecftuion of their arduous labours 1 sli.il! ahraj^ (be found s):anding loyally toy tlieir ' side and taking a man's ]«rt in riie bur dens tvhu-li T'aey Ibear. 1 t%aBk the kind -and -warm- hearted laity of Ibi? diot-e^e for Lho^e -well-timed wor-ls o: greetinp tlhat have fallen hj svreetly on my cars to-day. My thank,, are al.-o due to tlie memlber- of the HEbemiau Awkn laaan Catholic Benefit (society, in the jiro auotion. of ?a-iiosciorgani^tionin'tiieiiiotner colony I have liaU *or the jtist ten years inore'than a fticrtlK pal*, and for fhe all auffirient reason that I recognise in that society the embodiment of tfltase high prin riples' -which diwuld ever be the guiding fig-ht to Iri^h Australians in tSiK conntly — delation to their religion, loyalty io tlieir adopteU counlrj-, ami an undying love oJ the laud of tiheir fiitiiers, sanc tified as it is uv the hallowed anemones of triartiTs. saints, and ^scholars. And though la* not least, I also Shank my J'oung friends of the Catholic Young Men's So ciety who have .bunded themselves together under the standard of Holy Churcli for *he noblest of purpose* — that is for their self-advancement in the religions, the social, and the in'teileatual life of tiheir \xrung and progressive ooirnlry. I shall watch the onward march of this Australian 'band with a lively interest that will be all the greater ?from ivhat they rtell me— naimelv. Ihat one of the branches of their literarv fnirauit£ will 3je the story of nhat old land nvhidh Sk .?» closely linked by ths sj-mpatSiBtic ties olf race and religion (to tiieir young Australia, and -which furnishes, so many high ideals o-f devotion to faith and ihe fatherland. While dims rendering to you, dear brethren, my heartfelt thanks for the encouragement which your -words have conveyed to me, I ifeel it -uy duty at tire sametinie to add itihat in assuining the responsibilities of your Bishop, I have tnlldh to encourage me. A have, in the first instance, ihe reflection that the bur then laid upon me is none of bit own chocking : but it conies to me from the rofce of him who must ever have the firet daim upon .my dbedient'e, and that in obey ing that voice— -which I nnu* always l-e an resemeaiy prepared to 4o — I shall have the stronger 'daim on the benign support of that Divine Master whose representative ht is, in whose name he speaks, and with Tsrhose authoritv fae gavem* tie ch.Tirch o£ God, ever confident in the enduring pro mise that against *Cs drrinely-founded dta dels tiie powers oi darkness sJbaU never prevail. 1 liave confident trust in tie un swerving loyalty of a small but devoid band of hard^iworking helpmates, who have already done so much by tiieir ciraostne« and their zeal to spread the liplm of Chris tian truth throughout this extensive dio cese, and with iwhose future efforts in tiie prosecution of tlieir esalttcd mission I sin cerely trust I shall always l-e found loyally and generously co-operating. 1 have altio the support of which your encouragmg words furnish so strong a presage — -naniefly, that vour kindness of heart and your generosity of nature will make allotwanee for any deficiencies which anay appear in my service tuiwards you. and that you will recognise in Uhalt service, not the measure of success attained, but tihe sincerity of in tention with width that service will hi rendered. I hare also— which k not the least inspiring thought to-day — Ithe know ledge of ftat lively ifaith and that well proved devotion to your church for which you Catholics of Rockhauipton sOand so distinguished. If there be one fhing anore ?than another of the manr things to which my attention has lieen invited during dhc past few weeks, and upon whidh there avou]d seem -to be perfect accord of thought and expression, it is your attachment to your holy religion, as so strikingly mani fested by you. So tha't I may address to you in all truth St. Paul's approving 'words to the Tbessalonians of old — 'Wf give tfiank. 'to God always for you all. . . boin« 'mindful of the work of your faith, and 'labour, and charity. . . . for our 'ffospel hath not been unto you in wori 'only, but in power also, and rn the Holy ** Gho-^t. . . ina.smudh as in everv place ' your faith, ivhk-h is towards God. i-. gone 1 forth, so that we need not speak any 'lrhinpr.' 1 need hardly remind y.iu to day that it will not only )«o my duty .inj my privilfce. but also jiiy .-.)n—-1.ilti..ii an:' hearts, and to co-operate with jmu toward* 'the a'ruiir/ment of those hi^b aims upwards mhk-h suifli generous dis]-ositions jnust al ivays tend. There i» no jnoiv Iniuntifu! sining of sustaining Iiujm- to a Itishit[i than the knonl-*d;5p 4hat 9ie nossesst*s tflicapprov ing suppurtof afbelien-ing^iooj»le \\\1i.- will lie al»-jy- prepared to sewjn.l hi, «.fr..rt^ for the advan-- auen-t of Christian knowledge and »-ho .will always (Ih- ready to recognise the rlarm- of God and H;.s clmrt-h a]bov-e everj- earthly -^uii,i-liMMtixin: and miinifest Ac sincerity of their «-itvit- t:ons — not only by their gener*m- expres sions, but by their pcrcona) Siivriii^-. Suii' is the flock over ni.irii J have Ixvn oall.^l upon to reign, and 1 can add whh all trutn that !t -hall be ever my high amlKti.m :o prove my-clf not unworthy of Ac trust. Von-, dejr brethren, let me tell }ou in th? next plate ifaha I txnne to you from a busy field of missionary lalbour where the Cbwch of -3otJ is advancing Hay J«rps and bounds, as cntuiifestcd toy iflie marvellou-. multiplication of chuivlies. and schools.. an4 convents, and other institutions of religion and charit3* — where her onward nmvh is ' guided by tibe wisdom of a Cardinal- Areh- 'bishop whose zeal in the interests of reli- ' gitm is only equalled by tfhe brilliancy of those intellectual attainments ttfaat not \ only shed a lustre arouud his exalted posi tion, but constitutes him to-day the fear less champion of Catholic truth in Aus tralia. I come from the rtinks of a priest hit**! remarkable alike for their devotion to duty and fheir dismter^stedne^ of pur pose, and whose untiring zeal has reunited in great trnrmphs of grace in nhat (favoured vineyard of ihe Fx»rd. i also come from a people whose attachment to their chunfli and whose whole- souled generosity in tfhe interests of that -hurcn are not only ?worthy of. but perhaps superior to. the brightest traditions of tCie old race from ?whSeh itihey sprung. £ei*.\ration from such (workers as tbe**e can never take place with out a severance of heart ties which, per haps, are too bitter for ample expression. At the samp time, that reparation ha« 'been faced withtmt a murmur because ttihe v-wce of duty ctalled for -the sacrifice. I came to you -to-day in obedience to the voice of the Fisherman to spend the closing years of my life amongst you. and as long as ft may please an iaJl -disposing Provi dence that these years wiay run. 'St shall always be my earnest endeavour to co operate with your zealous efforts in ihe attainment of pood, and thus to attain *o thai high ideal of my sacred office whirl. nni& always brad me to hold aloft the standard or &toh; and maintain iihose principles of justice, truth, religion, and charity upon ?which the peacf of society, Who prosperity of the church, and fhe salvation of immortal souls mui always depptfd. Tibis brings me to another subject alluded to in nrore thlan ?one of your addresses, that demands more than n passing reference from me to-day. No visitor to your town can fail to notice tural beauty of that structure ttirt is de stined, at no distant date, i trust, to *»-. your cathedral church. Even noir, in its unfinished form, it stands out a noble em bodiment of your Jove for tie beauty of Cod's house. I esennot sspebtk too highly of the loftiness of conception, of the bold ness of purpose, and the generosity of re solve which must have inspired tihe under taking of suc&) a splendid edifice 'to the honour and glory -rf God. I hare no hesitation in saying it will stand for days Ko eooue as an enduring monument of the greatness of him ?who laid its foundations and witched so anxiously over its rise. I can well understand the difficulties which tuu& have beset the prosecution of that jrreat work amongst you. and therefore allow me to tell you dual I require no words to remind me that the interruption of that work jmttt have been tfhe occasion of lively regret to you. il receive, however. u-hlh tb« dee-pest consolation, the assur ance from vou that I shall have your wil ling co-operation when I find myseCi in the iKwition to resume tliai Avork. unuongst von. .After tilie pro|»aguticfii of 'the -faitih of CTiri:*. und the salvation of vour own «m mttrtal joiiIs. I fee] tfolat tbaz is the erne s[hvial work whk-h I Jiave been sent here to take in hand, and rot a--ureii of it tlrat every reasonable effort of mine shall !?(? directed inward- tin- cmiplrtion of that ?w.irk a- long :»- ihi'iv n-niain- to tin* wip-_ feature of ft.* internal adornment. Yoursac rinces rn the cjum- of 'the rcM-rious educa tion trf' youth are u'Jt unknown to me. I had tthe privilege «on» two year* ago of seeing \vli-it vou had done, not onlv horo. but in many other plirts. of your diocese, for this fir on chuk1 in tihe erection and the efficient working of vwur many Christian school*. «nd J- «ne who has der»tcd many years of his Jjfc to the interests of tlui cau-o. Bwli-vc me that my (best endeavours ^hall a!nA.»-» lint devoted to extend and perpe t ir.i if for vour children We-ftiing - uli«r^- pricelfr* value «raA over -k- cupy the next plaw Sn your ap 1»n*rralion to tibo precious gift *rf yiour -,Uvin« fjifttL I learn, with lively saii'sfac lion. t*iiat \\*wi 'have alrcadv workinz y iui)u*r--t vou ?such -devoted champions of ilit- i-dus.1 of flie education of youth as the \- Vi risl i:i n Jtrothor? and the .Sietcrs of Mcivy. and perhaps tihe bestt iestkiiony I t*jTi give of the depth of my sympathy and the strength of any convictions on tihi? (?iifstiun is to tell you that my first act a*, your Brehop was to secure for tihe chil -li.-n of the diocese, at no dh&ant; daite. an additional community of each of these admiralble oongregations. In conclusion, I wrsb *to -Ax*rxe7 in cunnntion uitdi tlbis fiubjrt-t, that 1 also recognise tlios^ allu sions which you have made to that home q£ Christian benevolence ax Meteor Park, of which you have reason to feel so proud, and which, I think, anus! always stand amidst tiie institutions of this diocese a-- die grdatftfr achievement of your late vene rated Bishop. Dr. CUni- Of tbe many legacies which fliave jcoiup down to me of his c^iSdeopal ^tdmlnislCmtioD. there is non^.* ?which I receive with nnore pleasure or over ?n-hidh I shall -watch 'with more tender care. It was pre-eminently -he creattion of his ^burning love for the or phaned and the poor. It was the object of liis most -anxiou£ solicitude, and I Ibelieve it is also fhe insti tution of this diocese ?which fihtall exercise zno«t influence in perpetuating his memory amongst a grateful and sorroiwinff ftock. Let me add that your late (honoured Bt&op; ,was one of those retiring spirits «ho lore to do good by stealth, and I feel persuaded ttfofat to the recording angel ij Sje*^ knewn iBiose works of heroic charity which marked the path of his duty at every stage of his long and laborious ad minittrution of this diocese. ilay God grant me a little of chat heroic spirit, that tforgetfulnes of self, that devotion to tih ? poor and orphaned, and that love of God ufb&ch; -shone out so brightly in every work of his tfafat be .undertook through life for the 'honour and glory of his Divine ^faster. afar the (blessing of Alaiig'brty Gjd— the Father, tihe Son, and the Holy Ghost— abide with you for ever. Amen. 5IETE0R PARK ORPHANAGE CHILDREN'. At the conclusion of the service in the church the Bishop received the children of the. Meteor Park Orphanage in the school room, addressed a few words of greeting to them, thanked them for their welcoming presence in the church; and. with the pro mise of an early visit to them in their home, bestowed on them his blessing. A large number of tbe members of tbe congregation also 'waited on Dr. Higgins. THE CSCRCH DECORATIONS The time- stained walls of the little church do not lend themselves much to adornment : but they had been beautified by the hand of sin artist. It is only stating tbe fact to say that the edifice never looked more beautiful. The high altar was de corated with flowers and shrubs, and the nmiibeHoss candles that were burning on it ihrciv an unwonted brilliancy on t*ie scene. At the eastern side of the sanc tuary was the Bishop's throne of purple and gold, in front of which was a reproduc tion of the crest of the Bishop. Round the walls of the annexes were looped in grire ful beautv cream and blue muslin, set oi* with pendant tassels of gold and black. Tli* sides of the main part of the chureli were similarly adorned; but the muslin here \vi% of cream and red relieved with larger blai-k and gold tassels. Suspended from this, aud covering tbe justs which divide the annexes loojted up picturesquely curtains of b--ie muslin. The posts at the rear of the buy ing beneath (he choir gallery were *u~n hidden, bui by nower- and greent-ry. The general effect wa-s heightened by three Hrge sliidds — reproductions on a magnified *-Viic of the shield of the Bishop. Each had a blue ground with a purple bar and was edged with dark crimson. From the top of each there peeped the ends of six -pe»r-s while in the centres there were a luTtle axe and the inotto of Dr. Higgins ** Pro ^ca et patria.' a St. Joseph*.* lily, and a small battle axe. The shields were hung— one nn either side of the body of the church d r-e to the altar rails, the' third in front of 'he wall of the choir gallery, THE ADDRESSES. The addresses Mere all hand^nnielv The principal one — that from the priest= \--it would have been difficult io have ex celled as an example of artistic skill. It con tain* pictures of St. Joseph** Church auJ the cathedral in it- present unfinished state | and .is it will appear when the work of its erection lias been brought to z conclusion — sketched in water -colours' and lending a very preltv effect. In the centre of the toji corner is tbe Bishop'- crest, with white shield, castles in gold on a dark green band across the face, Gouttes de Sang and hat with golden cords and tassels and ribbon. On Oic top. on purple ribbon. is tlie Bishop's motto. Tlie borders are Goth;. panels filled in uitli jrra|-c vines and wheat. and in Ibc centre of the several panels are pictures of the Llaliee. Monstrance. Ciborium, and Sensor. Each corner, too, is enriched with Gothic tracery. The address, from the congregation was if anything, more elaborate thin that of the priests. In tlie lefi hand corner is the Bishop's crest, whilst water- colour sketche-'. illustrate the Cathedral, Convent, Xorlh llockhampton Chuith, Convent School, Meteor Park Orpliana^e, and the Ohristiin Pj-others' School. The borders of this are filled in with Gothic tracery. Tlie cenir? of the top border bears the -ynil»-l of the Sacred Heart and the centre of the bottom border the banner and golden harp. The grape vine is also used very effectively in the ornamentation of the address. 