Century Commemoration Fund. The Campaign in the Country. The Revs. R. Bavin and W. W. Rut= ledge and Mr. R. H. Ducker, J.P., open at West Maitland. The magnificent demonstration at the Sydney Town Hall in connection with the inauguration of the Century Com memoration Scheme more than realised the expectations of the most sanguine, and served as an object lesson to Methodists as to what can be done when a movement is taken up enthusiastically and organised properly. But the con ditions in the country and city are widely different, and enquiries have been made as to the prospects of success in the country, hence the first meeting at West Maitland was looked forward to with a good degree of interest. During the week previous to the 28th May, the Rev. E. E. Crosby, B.A., of Wallsend, had conducted a series of special services, beginning on Sunday, 21st, and con tinuing each evening with blessed results. un bunday, May 28th, the Organising Secretary preached at West Maitland. Unfortunately the day was very wet, nevertheless the congregations were very good, and at ' the evening service the appeals of Mr. Bavin for a recognition of God's mercies by a yield ing of soul and body to His service resulted in nine or ten persons coming forward at the after-meeting as seekers of salvation. In the afternoon Mr. Bavin gave an address in the Sunday school, and about 40 of the young people indicated their desire to become Christ's young disciples. Monday was even more inclement than the previous day, still the more hopeful spirits prophesied a good meeting in the evening. The tea meeting in the school hall was a very enjoyable affair ; the attendance was quite as large as could be expected, and with a prettilv decorated hall, daintily laid tables, and, of course, abundant provisions, and a good company of happy Methodists seated around, the first part of the evening's proceedings passed off very pleasantly. The public meeting was held in the church, and was largely attended. Had the weather been fine no doubt it would have been packed. For half an hour beiore tne commencement of the meet ing, the choir and orchestra gave some musical selections, including anthems and orchestral renderings of popular tunes. Shortly after half past 7 o'clock, the Rev. John 'Clifton, chairman of the dis trict, began the proceedings by giving out a hymn. After this had ^been sung the Rev. W. E. Bourne led in prayer. Mr. Clifton, in introducing the chair man of the meeting, said he Vas authorised to state that if West Maitland raised 500 guineas to the Century Fund the Loan Fund would grant them a loan of £300 to reduce the amount of debt on their church. He hoped they would succeed in availing themselves of that offer. Mr. Ribee, as chairman of the meet ing, said he was pleased to see. such a large audience notwithstanding the wet weather, as it showed plainly that the people of Maitland were going to take up this matter of the Century Fund with enthusiasm. He was sure they could raise the 500 guineas Mr. Clifton had referred to, in order to secure the £300 from the Lean Fund. When the Rev. J. E. Carruthers was in that cir cuit he inaugurated the Ladies' Church Aid Society and in twelve months they raised £400 for the Trust fund. He was convinced they could do it again if they made up their mind to do it. All. honour to the man in England who had suggested the inauguration of the Fund England had started the movement, America had caught the holy fire, and New South Wales was now setting about raising 50,000 guineas. Church debts were distressing to ministers as well as to the people, and if they could only get rid of these burdens they would be very thankful. He was glad this movement had a twofold object; the saving of souls as well as the raising of money, they should keep both in view, and work with a will to secure the Divine blessing in rich abundance. (Cheers). The choir then sang the anthem, ' Great and Marvellous.' The Rev. R. Bavin was then called upon. He was in good form and in his characteristic way with pleasant smile and enthusiastic manner called upon the meeting to rise to the occasion. He congratulated the people of Maitland on the honor conferred upon them in being the first to lead the Century movement in the country. Mr. Bavin is the essence of courtesy ; he never for gets to congratulate those who deserve that desirable attention and on this occasion he made the most ofMaitland's opportunity to set a good example to the other country districts and cir cuits. This meeting, he said, was only second in importance to the great meet ing in the Sydney Town Hall, and he looked to it to lead the way in the north in devising liberal things. (Applause). His heart was filled with joy at the results of the Sunday services, when the Spirit of God was so manifested in their midst. He did not forget to express his appreciation of the work done by tne superintenaent or tne circuit ana the Rev. E. E. Crosby in the services which had been held' iu the previous week. (Hear, hear). They had pre pared the way for this meeting. He was glad also to be associated with the Rev. W. W. Rutledge and Mr. R. H. Ducker in their advocacy of the claims of the Fund. (Cheers). He then went into an explanation of the Fund. He put in the forefront the spiritual object to be aimed at, namely, a great revival of religion throughout the land, a mighty outpouring of the Holy Spirit with which to begin the new century that was about to dawn. (Applause). He reminded them that Methodism was born in a revival, and it was essentially a revival Church, and the first object of cms movemenc was a solemn compacc to seek a great revival of God's work in New South Wales. (Cheers.) It was also desired to raise a sum of fifty thousand guineas to assist in carrying on the work of God in this colony. England had fixed upon a million guineas as their thanksgiving to God ; in America they intended to raise four million guineas ; in New Zealand they were going to raise 60,000 guineas, and New South Wales had named the modest sum of 50,000 guineas. He explained that donors would have the rignc co say now cuey wouia anocace their donations. No doubt local trust debts would command their first con- ' sideration. (Hear, hear). But there were other objects included in the scheme. The colleges, the Centenary Hall, Foreign Missions, and Home Missions would not be overlooked. He was not expected to advocate one object more than the others. He was sure, however, that good advice had been given them by the chairman to look after that £300 promised by the Loan Fund. (Applause). But they must also remember the surging masses in Sydney, with its sin and vice, and that the only organised effort to reach those people by the Methodist Church was through the Central Mission in York - street. He was sure they would not like to be out of that work. (Cheers.) Nor would they be indifferent to the elaipis their Colleges had upon them to aid the higher eduea-' tion of their sons and daughters. He had also a word to say on behalf of their Home and Foreign Missions so ably advocated by the Revs. J. Woolnough and B. Danks from time to time. In Maitland they were paying £100 a year for interest. It would be interesting to know how much Maitland had paid in interest on mortgages on that church \- property. He knew of one church with a present debt of £800 upon it which had paid £800 in interest. Why not save these large sums ? (Hear, hear.) In this colony the Methodist people were paying every year £10,000 in interest on loans. He was sure that 86,000 adherents of Methodism in this colony would not fail to raise the 50,000 guineas they asked for in 18 months. The Methodist Church was not a wealthy church, and he was glad it was not. He did not know that wealth and spirituality went together. Still the Methodist people were not a poor people, they had a full share of the wealth of this colony, and they were able to raise the amount required, and he was sure they would do it. (Applause.) The Jubilee and Centennial Thanksgiving Funds were not great successes, but in those cases they depended upon the wealthy few and they were disappointed, but in this instance they intended not to repeat that mistake, but look to the small gifts of the many. One person one guinea was the principle they were going upon. (Hear, hear.) Already he found some were beginning to set aside their savings. (Pear, hear.) He thought 900 guineas would not be too much for Maitland. They had 900 adherents in this circuit, and they ought to have a guinea for each one of those adherents' names on the Historic Roll. Mr. Bavin gave some interesting and touching stories of per sons in England who were in circum struces too poor to admit of their subscribing as some thought, but yet who, by economy and self-denial, managed to raise the guinea, and con cluded by referring to the goodness of God during the past and previous cen turies as a reason why they should give some tangible expression of their grati tude to the giver of all good. (Applause.) The choir then sang the anthem, ' Sing unto the Lord.' Mr. R. H. Ducker, the indefatigable Lay Treasurer of the Loan Fund, was well received on rising to speak. He said that when he received the Rev. J. Clifton's letter of invitation to the meet ing he felt that with two lions of the Conference like Messrs. Bavin 1 and Rutledge there was no necessity for him to speak, but the more he thought about the fund and the opportunity presented to him as a matter of duty the more difficult he found it to send a negative reply. (Cheers.) He was daily* more and more convinced that this movement was of God. (Hear, hear.) And as a member of the church for more than 50 years he was glad to take a part in this movement, and he was sure that if they entered upon it with earnestness and sincerity it would be sure to succeed. (Applause.) He would like to say some thing practical on this question as a layman, and he asked ought they to be paying £10,000 a year in interest on mortgages on church properties in this colony. Was that amount not so much money wasted? (Hear, hear.) , As Treasurer of the Loan Fund he found that they had now £38,000 afloat in loans, to church properties in sums from £25 upwards. Now the excellence of that fund was that in the repayments to that fund the trustees were repaying the principal, for there was no interest charged on their loans. (Applause.) He was sorry to say, however, that there was over £6000 owing as arrears to the Loan Fund, but he hoped that one result of this movement would be that many trusts would be able to pay their arrears and set that amount free for circulation in other needy directions. (Cheers.) He was delighted to see the green lucerne crops and green paddocks in this district, and when he remembered that some other districts were stricken with drought he thought Maitland would shew its gratitude by specially large donations to the Century Fund. (Cheers.) It was said that Wesleyan Metho dists were fionstantly making efforts to ' get rid of their difficulties. St was quite true that this appeared to be somewhat characteristic of them. But they must not be pessimistic. ? As Methodists, they should rather be optimistic. As they expected great things from God they should do great things for God (Cheers). There were obstacles, but it was their duty and privilege to deal with them by the help of God (Hear, ? hear). The goal was not beyond their reach. Their Presbyterian friends had set £100,000 as their thanksgiving to God, and he was pleased to notice the true spirit of devotion to God which characterised the speeches of those who supported the larger sum as those who thought half the amount should be fixed upon (Cheers). In this movement they were not left without incentives to carry out the scheme set before them. One of those incentives was to be found in the fact that the clearing away of their trust liabilities would take a great burden off the minds of many Of their ministers, and leave them more free for the spiritual and pastoral work of their office (Hear, hear). Again, this movement was expressive of the character and reputation of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, it was a Church that always aimed at being progressive, it was a Church that always tried to enter avenues of usefulness, it had always been evangelistic in its operations (Cheers). As a Church, they had a noble ancestry, and if there was a church of which they expected great things, it was the Metho dist Church (Cheers). They had also as an incentive the examples of faith and zeal presented by the Methodist Church of America and the Church in England. These were also incentives to us, but the greatest was that mentioned by St. Paul in his epistle to the Romans. I beseech you therefore by the mercies of God.' He re ferred to the utterances of Cardinal Moran recently in speaking of the Methodist Church of America as a Church without reality and without life. He found that in that Church there were 37,188 ministers, 52,779 churches, 5,898,094 members, and in one year reported a nett gain of 162,196 members. Was that Church without reality and without life. (Applause.) Mr. Ducker concluded a capital speech by declaring his belief that before the close of the first decade of the new cen tury they would have such a Church that even Cardinal Morau, as he stood in his palace, wo aid wonder where all the life and zeal came from. (Loud cheers). * ;. . . The Rev. W. W. Rutledge said he thought that the attendance that night in spite of the very inclement weather was a fair indication that the Century Commemoration movement had taken a good hold on the Maitland people. He referred briefly to the magnificent demonstration held in the Sydney Town Hall the previous week and hoped that similar enthusiasm would be aroused throughout the country. Some people who had an abnormal development of the ' objective ' were not slow to raise objections to this movement. That was not surprising. There were people who objected to Federation ; there were some who even objected to Methodist Union. (Laughter.) Hence it was not sur prising that they heard . objections to this Century Scheme. They were told that the people are not ' ripe ' for it. That was an old objection with a new application. (Hear, hear.) When did they ever hear of a movement initiated at a time when everybody thought the people were ripe for it ? (Hear, hear.) It was only the historian who said that, but the men who were foremost in making the history were always met at least in some quarters with the objec tion, tbe people are not ' ripe ' for it. It was their mission to arouse the people to a sense of their duty, and, like John the Baptist, to go forth crying, ' Pre pare ye the way of the Lord,' and ' Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at band.' He believed that Almighty God was only wating to pour upon them a rich baptism of the Holy Ghost and :a consequent revival of religion through out the colony, and the Century Com memoration movement was but the opportunity of which the Church was availing itself to get ready to receive it. (Applause). Others, by way of further objection, said, We can't raise 50,000 guineas without injuring our existing agencies and crippling our circuit enter prises. They seemed to forget that the object of the Fund was to assist those very agencies. (Hear, hear). But sup posing it was not so, was it a fact that the Methodists of New South Wales would not be able, if they wished, to keep up their ordinary contributions to existing church enterprises and also raise a special fund of 50,000 guineas? He did not believe it. (Cheers). He remembered hearing of a little river steamer on the Darling that possessed a huge steam whistle, which when the engineer turned on the steam to blow, and thus intimate to the townspeople the approach of the ' Puffing Billv,' took so much steam that the engines stopped for want of power (Laughter). Now, he did not think the Methodist Church in this colony was at all like that river steamer (Hear, hear). He believed that they could blow their denominational thanksgiving whistle up to a pressure of 50,000 guineas, and still carry on all the ordinary operations of their Church (Applause). He believed that as Methodists they could blow and go too, and if they couldn't he thought he would have to leave and join the Salvation Army (Laughter and cheers). However, it was only a fair question to ask, Ought we as a Church to have a Century Commemoration Fund*? Were there sufficient reasons for special thanksgiving to God in con nection with the years of the past ? He found that during the first thousand years of the Christian era the number of nominal Christians throughout the world reached 50 millions, in the year 1500 they reached 100 millions, two hundred years later they had increased to 150 million, in the year 1800 the number stood at 200 millions, but in the year 1890, that is, during the present contury the number had increased to 412 millions (Ckeersk For that enormous increase the Methodist Church was largely, directly or indirectly, responsible It was not in a spirit of vain glory or improper boasting (Hear, hear) but as a reason why they as Methodists should give thanks unto God that he said that there were more English-speaking people belonging to the Methodist Church than to any other Church in the world. (Cheers). It was only a little more than 100 years since John Wesley died, but the Church of which under God he was the founder, though the youngest, was yet the largest Protestant Church in the world. (Applause). In America every fourth person was a Methodist. In Australasia, the last census returns of 1890 shewed that the population increase of the previ ous decade was 39*13 per cent., but the increase in the Methodist Church was 51*21 per cent. In all the other Churches save the Baptist Church, the total rate of increase was below that of the population increase. Of the seven colonies of Australasia in the scale of increases the Methodist Church was first in five colonies and second in the other two. (Cheers). That, he thought, was a record which ought to fill them with gratitude to God. (Cheers). The personal and individual blessings which God had bestowed upon them were so numerous and large that they were sufficient of themselves to call for an expression of gratitude to the Giver of all good. (Cheers). The next question was, can we raise in N.S. Wales 50.000 guineas? He had goue into a little calculation on this subject, and the result convinced him that we can if we choose. In this colony we have say nearly 90,000 adherents, but half of them are children, leaving 45,000 -adults. Oft these, hew ever, many are wives or other non-wage earners, and after a liberal deduction tnere are, say 25000 persons earning on an average £2 per week, this would produce £2,500,000 per year. Now, there are some people who think it right to give a tenth of their income to the support if the work of God. Suppose, therefore, the 25,000 Methodists were to adopt this plan just for one year only, they would have sufficient money not only to carry on the whole of our present operations but raise the amount required far the Century Fund nearly four times over. (Applause.) In this calculation he had left out of count the amount i i mi i t— — m* | that might be collected by the 80,000 Sunday.school, children of this colony. He concluded by impressing upon his t audience the necessity of considering this matter in the light of religious duty, j and, after the prayer, Lord, what wilt Thou have me to do ? present their offerings to him as an expression of their gratitude to the Giver of all good. (Cheers.) The Rev. R. Bavin then indicated that promises from circuits in the dis trict would now be received. The Rev. J. Bryant, of Singleton, said his circuit had held a meeting at which they had discussed in a pre liminary way the Century Fund, and the result lias been most gratifying. He understood the translation of a well known passage of Scripture was 'The Lord loveth a hilarious giver.' In the meeting, at Singleton they came nearly to that point of giving. . They had an energetic circuit secretary, and he would leave it to liim to announce the amount. Mr. J. Grainger stated that in the meeting at Singleton they had received promises to the extent of 270 guineas, and the circuit would raise 5.00 guineas. (Cheers). The Rev. J. Clifton announced that Wallsend promised 500 guineas. The Rev. A. Cooper of Dungog and Stroud wrote to say that his circuit promised 250 guineas. East Maitland had not named as yet any definite amount but they would, he believed, clear off the parsonage debt which stood at £280. The chairman said the promises from West Maitland had so far reached 250 guineas, but he thought they could safely say they would give 500 guineas. Subsequently by a unanimous vote of the meeting this amount was increased to 700 guineas amidst much cheering. After the customary votes of thanks the meeting dispersed, every one feeling satisfied with the result of the proceed ings. 