ROW OVER A CIGARETTE. The new boarder in the fourth floor front •oncluded that she would smoke a cigarette. ?Not that she oared at all for oigarettes. On the oontrary, she disliked them. Tne smoke got in her eyes and made the tears come, it got down her throat and strangled her, 'besides whioh the cdour permeated her clothing and stayed there. She was merely smoking this oigarette to see what would happen. This was what happened :— Bridget, the chambermaid, coming into the >room to make the bed, promptly discerned the pernicious odour of that little oigarette. Then, spying stealthily around, she found the end of the cigarette reposing upon the corner of the mantelpiece. That was • enough. She went about straightening the iroom in an ominous silence. When her work was done she wtnto into the fourth floor •back. * There do be curious things a-goin' «n in the next room to this, ma'am,' she said to the woman who sat by the window embroidering. ' Curious things ! Faith, an' •that's phwat I'm afther tellin' of ye.' What in the world do you mean, Bridget ? asked the woman, sticking her needle -straight into her thumb instead of into her embroidery. ' What is it that's going on ?' •Bedad, it's the new boarder, ma'am.' 'Bridget went on in a hoarse whisper. • It's she that's afther Bhmokin''a cigaroot in her oom, and that's phwat's the matter. Faith, -an' ain't it enough, ma'am? A lady a-shmokin' of a oigaroot in her room !' The woman pushed Bridget aside and sped «ut of the room. She made ber way to the third floor front. 'Well, what is the matter?' asked the third flror front, who was busily engaged in washing out her handkerchiefs and pasting them np against the window pane to dry. 'If you only knew!' ' Tell me, then, quick. Has there been a row in the house and I not in it ? If there has it's the firtt.' ' Right you are. but it isn't a row this time. What do you sappose is happening in this very house this f very minute ? The new boarder is smoking / s -cigars a foot long in her room upstairs—a 1 "not long, those stogies. That is what you all them, isn't it? Yes. Stogies.' •What!' soreamed the third floor front. •It's the gospel truth. Bridget told me.' The handkerohiefs all fell off the windowpane to the floor. The third floor front, leaving them there, ran to the woman and grasped her by the arm. ' Come,' she exclaimed, • let's go and tell the third floor back. If she finds out there is anything going on in this house that she don't know about she will drop dead. We don't want a funeral.' Together they hastened to the third floor back. The occupant of the room was combing her back hair preparatory to doing it np in a Psyohe knot. • What do you think is happening ?' they cried in one voioe. The the third floor back took her hairpins out of her mouth and looked around. ' I oan't imagine,' said she. ' What ?' • Something awful,' they declared, both talking together. * The new boarder in the fourth tront floor is smoking a pipe. Think of a young girl like that smoking a pipe in a house like this. Isn't it a sin and a shame P Isn't it disgraceful?' ' Are you aureP* demanded the third floor back. ' Of oourse,' they asserted. •Bridget told it to the fourth floor back. It's the solemn truth. We give you our word of honour.' The third floor back scattered her hairpins recklessly over her dressing table. ' We'll go and tell it to the second floor front,' said she. ' I'd just like to know what she thinks of it. A sbame and a disgrace ! Well, I should think so. The girl ought to be fired out of the house this very minute. That's what she should be!' She led the procession, her hair streaming down her back, to the second floor front. ' The new boarder upstairs is smoking a pipe,' they said. ' Not only that, but she's got cigarettes and cigars and cheroots all over the room everywhere, on the tables and bookcases and whatknote. The mantelpiece is full of them. Even the walls are festooned with tobacco leaves brought from wherever she comes from and hung up instead of piotnres.' When they had paused for breath the seoond floor front got in a word edge ways. • That girl always did have a queer look to me,' she said, pressing her lips together. «I spotted her th6 minute I laid eyeB on her, the very minute she put her foot in this house. I said then, 'We'll hear from her yet.' They were my very words. And now it has come sooner than even I expected. I know what I am going to do.' ' What ?' gasped the others. • I am going to the landlady and have her put out. That is what I am going to do. Smoking pipeB in a decent house in a decent neighbourhood!' They hastened downstairs. On their way they encountered the oooupant of the back parlour, who appeared to be surprised to see them all together so early in the morning. ' Would you believe it,' said the seoond floor back, ' the new boarder upstairs is sitting in her room right this minute smoking a pipe, with cigars and tobacco and everything smokable under the sun around her! The room 19 so thiok with tobaoon smoke that you could cut it with a knife. Taink of a young girl like that smoking. It wouldn't surprise me one bit if he was an opium fiend !' ' That is just it. She is an opium fiend,' <hey reiterated in an awed whisper. The back parlour at last found sufficient strength to lift up her hands in holy horror. ' An opium fiend in this hout-e,' she groaned. ' Well, she will not stay in it long; we will have her pat out. She goes, bag and baggage, or we go. Tne landlady may pay her money and take her ohoice.' The landlady was quietly hemming napkins w^en they marched into her. 1 Now, look here,' said the second floor front, shaking a trembling forefinger in her face. ' We are all going to pack our trunks and leave this place it double qaiok time unless you fire that new boarder on the fourth floor.' •Why, what has she done?' demanded the landlady. ' She is up in her room now, sitting cross-legged in the middle of the room, dressed in Turkish trousers, smoking a pipe.' • My land P' exclaimed the landlady. «Is that true ?' ' Certain of it. Tell her to go, or we go.' ' Of oourse, if it is so, she must go,' sighed the landlady. She laid aside her work and went upstairs, followed by the others, and she knooked at the new boarder's door. ' Come in,' said the new boarder. The landlady went in and looked around. There was not the ghost of a nargileh, not a single opium fume, and if the girl had been dressed in Turkish trousers she had the ability of a lightning change artist to costume herself while yon wait. She rose and politely requested the landlady to be seated. Tbe landlady took a ehair and sat down. She beamed upon the new boarder. ' It is a nice morning ?' • It »,' replied the new boarder. ' How do yom like your room ?' asked the landlady. • Vary muoh indeed,' said the girl. ' That rag in front of the dressing table looks a little bit frayed,' said the landlady. Adding a few unimportant remarks, she rose to go. • Won't you stay a little 'onger ?' asked the new boarder.. 'No, thank you. I just came in to see how you were getting along. Good morning,* said the landlady. ' Good morning,' said the new boarder, and when the door had olosed upon her she listened a moment to the excited explanation going on in whispers outside, then, walking to the window, stood there smiling all to herself. She had not been born the day before. She knew exaotly what had happened. 