THE GIMCRACK CLUB. [Chronicled by W. T. G.] The usual weekly meeting of the Gim- crack Club was held at the rooms, Cartridge- street, Balmain, on Wednesday night, the president (Mr Gripsnap) occupying the chair. Mr O'Moses said he deeply regretted the tremulous timorousness of Alderman Dymock. In the midst of his friends at a banquet in his honor, Mr Dymock was bold and fearless, but confronted in the Council halls by the Hereditary Mayor of Sydney, the new and worthy alderman beoame shiversome. He was not built oF the same irrepressible material as the warlike Alderman Norton. Mr Norton was not Irish, but he had one quality that was undoubtly Irish, for he was never happy unless he was having a row with somebody, and the bigger the row was the more he liked it. Alderman Dymock was altogether different. Still one couldn't tell the book by the cover, and Alder- man Dymook might turn over a new leaf and provide volumes of matter for the press. It was certainly rather novel to see a bookseller in the Couucil, but as Iong as he was of the right type he ought to progress and not remain stationery. Mr Waddlekin said what he objected to was that Alderman Dymock referred to the Couucil as a ‘Tammuny Ring.' That was certainly disgraceful. There was not in all the earth a purer, a nobler, a wiser, a more gifted, a more magnanimous, a less self-interested body of men than the aldermen of the great and glorious metropolis of the southern hemisphere, the Queen City of the South, the Gem of the Pacific. What had ever been said of any aldermen of Sydney but good ? Had it ever been alleged that an alderman had stuck to the money that should have gone to provide milk and buns for a children's picnic ? Did the pages of his- tory hold record of any proceedings in regard to Coonanbara hats ? Was any reference made to the matter of iron tailings to private residences ? Had it been even hinted that the rates of alder- men had been reduced after assessment privately ? Perish the thought ! In Syd- ney all aldermen were pure and noble. They would sooner reduce other people's rates than their own. They sacrificed themselves on the civic altars and bled for the succar of their fellow-citizens. They had paid £30,000 for an organ worth £10,000, when, if they had not been so careful they might have paid three millions. They had imported one foreigner, as the exclusive organ-player, at £600 a year, when they might have imported ten at £1000 each. They had built new markets (laughter) which had cost about half-a million, when they might have built an Eiffel Tower on the same spot at a much higher cost. The City Council was not only honest, it was noble, grand and wise. It owned all the virtues of humanity, and lacked any particle of one of its defects. Sir Dymock was wrong to compare Sydney to New York. There were wicked people in New York, but not in Sydney, none but honfest people lived in Sydney. How then should any but honest people get into the Council ? (Applause). Mr Clatterway : Oh, you're only trying to elongate our fibula, Waddy, old boy ! The President : Order ! What on earth is the meaning of this extraordinary language ? Mr Clatterway : I say he's trying to stretch our tibia, and thinks our femur is made of india-rubber. The President : The honorable member must withdraw the expressions. They may do for the ‘Bulletin's’ 'Red Page,' wherein a lot of people who don't know what they mean write a weekly mass of transcendental incomprehensibilities for people who don't understand them. Mr Slatterwag : Well, I mean he was trying to puli our leg or dislocate our ankle. Mr Chuckleben : The wild remarks O' Varney Purkes We read in th' rag o’ Monday ! And, Cæsar’s ghost He wants the post To open all day Sunday ! The telephone Must also groan On Harbor, milk-and-bun day ! Because it narks Old Varney Parkes That all don't work o' Sunday ! He won't agree It ought to be A holy or a fun day, He's got the check To say the week Is just the same as Sunday ! But you can bet He's euchred yet ; The Continwental Sunday, Is not the kind To please the mind Of Mrs. Sydney Grundy ! Mr McParritch said it was time for the people of this great Colony (he knew it was a great colony because every public speaker said so) to consider whither they were drifting. One Minister openly advocated opening hotels on Sunday. Mr Snagglewit : Is he a Presbyterian ? Mr McParritch : I believe so. Mr Snagglewit : What, a Presbyterian Minister wants to open pubs on Sunday ? Mr McParritch : I mean the Premier, ye auld fool. Mr Snagglewit : Oh, yes, he's Scotch, belongs to Paisley, where the shawls come from, and every man carries his own cork screw. The President : I will thank the honor- able member to refrain from interruption. Mr Snagglewit : Oh, you he blowed. The President : I will not be blowed. Mr Snagglewit : Then there's no flies on you. Go on with the music, Scotchy. The President : The honorable member must understand that he cannot defy the chair. My name is not McCourt. Mr McParritch said he was about to observe if he had been allowed that there was one Minister who was in favor of opening public houses on Sunday on the miserable plea that a man could not cart enough home at 11 p m on Saturday to last him until 6 a m on Monday. And now another Minister wanted to open all the post and telegraph offices and telephone exchanges all the time, Sundays and all. What was the world coming to ? Mr O'Rorke : Shure it'll come to an ind some day if it lasts long enough ! Mr McParritch feared that the Ministry could no longer be regarded as Godfear- ing, and the best thing they could do would be to pawn their haloes. Mr Snagglewitt : Oh what a tangled web we weave. When first we practice to deceive ; But after we've been liars awhile We do the thing in proper style ! Mr Chuckleben : Oh that reminds me. Why's Dick Meagher like a moth in a tailor's shop ? 'Cause he got a banquet on the Tweed ! Mr Wriggletwist said he could never understand why horse-owners allowed those who drew their horses in a sweep to pocket so large a share of the proceeds. The horse belongs to the owner, and the drawer was therefore at the owner's mercy. Yet some drawers would not allow the owner more than one-third of the stake. He thought ten per cent should be sufficient for the drawer, that woul4 leave ten per cent for Tatt., and 80 per cent for owner. Mr Podbury thought, as one who owned and trained horses himself, that owners ought to get a large percentage from the cash prizes also. (Applause.) In the old country, wealthy men could afford to race for sport, but in Australia owners generally live on the game and ought to work the game for all it was worth. (Applause.) The president instructed the secretary to write to the secretary of the A.J.C., pointing out how owners were at present being injuriously treated by drawers of hors4s wanting too much of the sweep money. Mr Waddlekin said he observed with pleasure beyond measure that that legislative treasure who was after a period of leisure—— Mr Snagglewit : I rise to order. The President: Oh, what are you going to order? Long beers from Andy Kelly's ? Mr Snagglewit claimed that the honor- able member had no right to address the meeting in verse; that was the privilege of himself and Mr Chuckleben. The President : The honorable mem- ber, Mr Waddlekin, will kindly keep off the side track to Parnassus. Mr Waddlekin said he supposed Parnassus was the place where they started to make a canal. He was about to say that he was pleased to see that Mr Jacob Garrard had taken his halo with him to the President’s chair at the Water and Sewerage Board. It seemed a party named Davis was given to speak in good plain Saxon (with a bit of ex- pressive German thrown in), and that Mr Garrard was deeply shocked to hear Mr Davis say something was 'cronk.' Or course there was nothing cronk about atmospheric gas. Davis also said he 'didn't care a damn.' Mr Snagglewit : Did he say damn ? Mr Waddlekin : He did ! Mr Snagglewit : Oh, what a wicked man. Did Jacob drop his halo ? Mr Waddlekin said Mr Garrard acted with dignity and calmness, and declared that he would not allow members of the Board to be insulted by hearing such words as damn and cronk. He would protect the Board. Mr O'Moses : May I ask if they are called a Board because they are made of wood, Mr President ? The President: No, they are called a Board because they've bored nearly everybody to death with their rate notices. Mr Waddlekin thought Mr Garrard deserved every credit for acting with such firmness, considering he had been pitchforked into the billet. Mr Chuckleben : Now this is the rule of the Water Board Since Gentle Jake became its lord : You can read a lesson or sing a Psalm With eyes upturned and a voice that's calm Or murmur a prayer With a holy air Bnt you mustn't indulge in a dreadful swear ! You can hum bug, cheat, pretend and sham, Bnt you mustn't say 'cronk' and you mustn't say 'damn!' You can shake dear Brother Jacob's hand And talk of the glorious promised land, Where electors jump on no one's chest And the gas deceivers are at rest. You may e'en rejoice In a saintly voice At the godly- Government's recent choice ! You can humbug, cheat, pretend and sham, But you mustn't say ‘cronk' and you mustn't say 'damn.' Mr Chogsop said as a new member of the club he hoped to be received with the same kindness, consideration, and gentleness as was manifested by his Worship the Mayor of Sydney to new members of the Council who had had the temerity to express an opinion out of accord with his Worship's own, or who had in some way transgressed the rules laid down by the Traditions of the Family. There had been a most brutal triple murder at Gatton—— Mr Snagglewit : Go on ! Who told you ? Mr Chogsop desired to assure honor- able members it was a fact. He had a cousin in the Queensland police force near Gatton. This cousin had just written and told him about it. His cousin said that the police first buried the bodies and afterwards dug them up to see what they died of. Now, since they found all their clues were tangled up, they were going to exhume the bodies again to see if they really were dead. Mr O'Moses said the marvellous sharpness of the Queensland police reminded him of when he had a circus and lost an elephant on the mulga plains out from Nyngan. The police were out looking for the elephant for weeks. At last they came across a swagman. He was an Irishman. They asked him if he had seen an elephant gliding along in his travels. 'Elephant ?' says he ; 'the divil an elephant did I see, but I seen an india-rubber bull pulling up mulga scrub with his tail !' Mr McParritch said the police were doing their best to hang Burgess, and very properly so. Some stupid people seemed to run away with the idea that the police had to assist to punish the guilty and free the innocent. Not so. The business of a policeman was to convict, if possible, the real criminal, but in any case to convict somebody, and then to suppress all evidence that would tell in a prisoner's favor. All the average policeman wanted was convic- tions and stripes. He knew which would be the best place for the stripes, but wouldn't like to mention it. Mr Chuckleben : There was a man who did not drink And never thought of smiling Lest into evil he might sink And sinful ways beguiling. And yet despite his virtuous ways He kept on getting poorer, Until he feared to end his days A busted Domain snorer. Forlorn and sad and lacking hope For want of wine and laughter, He cut his throat with a bar of soap And stabbed his children after ! There is a moral in this verse : Endeavor to be cheerful. For booze is bad but gloom is worse And water's something fearful ! The President said he would very mch like to know what the verses were about. Mr Chuckleben : You don't catch me Knapping ! On the motion of Mr Chogsop the club adjourned to Andy Kelly’s for foaming beakers, and obtained the host's private opinion on the present political situation as it aftected the duty on belltopper hats. Physicians' carriages have the right of way in the streets of Berlin. The cemeteries around London cover 2 000 acres, and the land they occupy represents a capital of £20,000,000. Kid is not the only material from :e- gloves are made although the name associated with them. Iron gauntUr ? ,»- used in the middle ages ; later, coil*; j' leather, and jewel-set gloves, gloves iHoiaUi* linen, velvet satin and taffeta. 