Multum In Parvo. In a short time, says the Pull Mall Gazette, there will only bo half-a-dozen women who havo not written a novel, arid they will bom museums. According to tho Presse Annuaire for 1899, the newspapers published in Paris now num ber 2,587, or 201 more than, according -to this year's Newspaper Press Directory, aro published in the wholo of tlieUnitedKingdom, and upwards of 2,100 more than aro published in London. v — :-o-: — ' Each member of the Chinese cavalry re ceives about 16s a month, and out of tins ho is required to furnish fodder for his horse. In case of the death or disability of tho- animal he must supply a new one at his own . expense. The Chineso cavalier is therefore careful of his horse. Paris boasts of a paper intended for bog gars only. Hero arc a couple of its advertise- ments : " A vacancy has occurred for a blind mrtn who can play tho violin. Collections good. Small premium required.", " Wanted at once, for seaside resort, a pair of helpless cripples. Good business. References given and required ; also a moderate premium. Premier Turner promises that an old-ago pension . bill for Vic. will be pushed along without regard for impending Federation. He reckons that the first Federal Parliament will havo its mind full of larger political matters than the matter of providing for tho old people. Also, Turner is disposed to havo another try with his Woman's Suffrage Bill, so that Victoria, like S.A., may havo both sexes voting at the first Federal election. — :-o-: — . Dr. Menahem Hodara; of Constantinople has recently made a hold attempt to remedy baldness. - Briefly stated, .his plaiv was to scarify tho bare surface with a suitable in strument, and to implant hairs removed from- - other parts of the patient's head. The hairs - used for the purpose wore trimmed with scis- - sors at each -end. Some four weeks after implantation, a certain number of thehairs wore found to have taken root, and in no long : time a goodly new crop was produced. — ;-o-: — During tho year 1897 the French collieries produced 30,887,000 tons of coal, including 1,628,000 tons of anthracite, being an ^in crease of 1,608,000 tons, or over o-per cent., above -the amount .produced during- tho pre vious year. The value of the additional coal produced during the year exceeded 17A-mil- - lions of francs. Tho amount of coal produced in France has doubled since 1868 ; but compared with the products of other countries, the production of the French coal- fields is still exfcremejy small.;In 1897 Great Britain produced 205,364,000 tons, the- - United States 181, 621, 000 tons, Germany 120,000,000 tons, and Belgium 21,000,000' tons. ' — :-o-:— As you arc always glad to heaimbout haunted houses in Ireland (writes a' corres pondent of Af.A,P.)i may I add a curious story with regard to tho homo of the lato Irish leader. The story is made tho more crediblo by. the fact that thore was something : m the lata Clmrlos Stewart Pumell's majestio isolation, which- reminded one strangely of the gloomy grandeur of tho mountains sur rounding his home. In tho square cutrance- hall there is a billiard-table, and the story is that the ghosts of tho old house am use them selves in this spot after nightfall. No matter how tho billiard-balls are left upon the cloth at the timo the household retires, they will be found in a different position the next morning. The people of. the United States "pay £21,400 per year for a president. The salaty of the President is £10,000, but in addition to this tho nation pays £6,800 for his privato secretary, clerks, mcssongers, and other assistants; £8,200 for furniture and repairs; £600 for fuel, and for the greonhouso £800. Thus the incidentals come to con siderably more than the President's salary. ' This seems a large sum, but no other nation of consequence gets along so cheaply. The - President of the French Republic gets a " salary of £24,000, and an allowance of £6,500. As a set:off against these sums, it is a notable fact that the President of the Swiss Republic has an annnnl income of ' £600, while , the little Andorra Republic — the smallest in the world—is governed for about " £8 per annum. —MX— . "" It is a strange tradition among the Ara bians that earrings camo into use in the following way : — -When Pharaoh summoned Abraham and .reproached him for his un- truth (in saying Sarah was Iris sister), Abra ham prayed for .the king, and Allah healed the king, who now gave Abraham rich pre- sents, arid among others an Egyptian slave named Ilagar. She bore him a son, whom ho called Ishmael. But Sarah became jealous, since the light of Mohammed shone on Ish- mnel's forehead. She demanded of Abraham to put away Hagar and her. son. He 'was undecided until commanded by Allah to obey Sarah in all things. Yet lie entreated hc-r not to cast off her bondmaid and her son. But this so exasperated her that she declared sho would not rest until her hands had been imbrued in Hagar's blood. Then, Abraham pierced Hagar's ear quickly and drew a ring ' through- it, so that Sarah was able to dip her hand in the blood of Hagar without bringing the latter into danger. From that timo 'it became a custom among women to wear ear rings. 