A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AT AUBURN. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBOURHOOD.i Tho' soune sceptics may deny belief in visitants from another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies hard. Miss Marner, of "Lamington," Victoria- road, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once seen something resembl ing a ghost- when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by many months' illness. She says: "I conlmmenced, somee two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel sulliciently unwell to take to my bed, but exprienc ed a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing imy strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I commnenced to feel acute p,ains in mty shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest," "We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, "but twithout effect; then I consulted a well. known Collins-street practitioner. lie said my daughter was sulfering principal ly fromi weakness, and advised a clhange. IHer mother took her away for a tripl to Queensland, but sihe returned looking worse. Site would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and becanme a mere ghost." "This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st. 3lbs., now I am 9st 71bs." "A great improvement; your treat ment must have been beneficial?" "No; all the medicine I got did me' very little good. Actually, Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel street, Prahran; they did me so much stood that I continued with them. It is a long time since I disc.mtinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyore could wish." "And you would recommend them?" "Yes; and that strongly, too," said Mr. Marner, "had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady did. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will cure anaemia, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofula, consumption, chronic erysipelas, debility, indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and chest and Iung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paralysis, locomotor, ataxia, neuralgia, St. vitus dance, and nervous headaches, and all nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, c/o Rocke, Tomupsitt & Co., Flinders Street. Melbourne, at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen and threepence, but are genuine only with the full name (seven words), Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box. Thousands have testified to their curative powers. 