A Dramatic Incident. Hhe had caught the pink bow on her snouider in the wicker of the chair, and torn :ts fastening. . ' Can I help? ' he asked. 'Can you pint' * Perfectly? He was told to fetch her work-basket from the drawing-room, and. on his return, knelt beside her as ehe adjusted the ribbon. « You must take your hands away' he said, * or I shad pin them there.' ishe folded them resignedly in her lap, but turned her held with saucy distrastfulne-w to observe his operations. ' It should be sewn,9 he suggested. * Can you sew? ' * Better than I can pin.9 She opened the basket again, and, threading a needle, handed it up to him. ' It will be easier if you stand.* She held out her hand foe assistance, and, as sbe raised herself, the light cloak (flipped back from hershoulderstntothe chair. He got through it Gracefully enough, with out the heavy breathing and squared elbows that men affect when wrestling with a needle ; and, if his labor was somewhat lengthy, mere clumsiness may not have been so much to blame as he averred. * What is the wage V he inquired, as he cut the thread. * What do you suggest 1 ' A sudden mad impulse almost moved him to kiss her shoulder. Her fingers had rested there by accident for an instant, throwing a flash of color, like a shaken flap, over the deli cate skin ; but he was wiser than that. He said: ' I will leave you in my debt.' Perhaps ehe read the conflict in his face — it was to be seen there— and resenting, as a woman may, his failure to do what, if done, would have still more incensed her, said, with a demure audacity in her eyes : *I_«nly bargain for ready money.' Still unsteady from his own struggle, he re turned her ambiguous glance with such interest that partly from excitement, and a desire by ©ver-dannjf to force him into cau tion, ohe flipped lightly at the needlepoint which he was holding between his teeth, say ing: You shouldn't put pins in your mouth. He started back suddenly, and then, with a cruip and a flash of terror in his face, threw himself across a chair, bead downwards, coughing violently. When he raised himself stiffly she was white as a ghost, and could scarcely command the voice to say ; ?What was it?' ?The needle.' * You didnt swallow it ?' He began to recover himself, and to remem ber be mu6t have looked foolish j his face was nearly as. pale as hers, but he laughed as he said— ' I'm afraid it's lost to you or ever.' 'Will it kill you!' He thought she was going to faint, she was so deathly white, and for the moment he did not care what happened to her ; he felt to hate her, in a selfish sordid cowardly faahion, for what she had done. He said, almost sulkily— 'Isn't there a doctor I could see?' She was crying like a girl, but just steadied her voice to say the carriage would be then at the door and they could drive dov-n to the nearest physician's. She only spoke once by the way. She laid her hand on his, and 6aid in heart-broken fashion— 'Salt, I am so sorry.'' 'It doesn't matter,' he replied, not over gently; 'what is it f He hardly knew what he said — he was specu - lating on the whereabouts of the needle. He expected every moment to begin to die, and, in spite of his words, that did seem a matter of the most importance. Cherry voices from 'Hie street- door j^ave her quite a revulsion of joy. ?That'll be all right,9 she heard; 'wad it well and lie low.9 A double * Good-night,' the donr slammed, and Pedelj) was taking his seat beside her ; he cav«? the word for home, leant back and laughed. * Seems to be the wholesomest thin-r in the world ; whole meal and butter-milk n»t in it ; can't eat enough; nnniber mines and new bread, with porridge to folfW. Thimble-cup, I suppose, to wash it down. 'The, sequel unfortunately, does not justify the physician's hopeful forecast. — From ' Rust of Gold ' by Francis Provost. 