\otes from Auburn. [By our own Correspondent.] March 15. ' What's in a Name?— It is not often that the name of a travelling troupe de notes to a nicety its capabilities. Take the Lyuch Family for instance. The name by itself would suggest a band of citizens of the Southern States of North America on the warpath, but those who would antici pate such a thing would be greatly disap pointed it they were to come across that celebrated family. Now, we've heard of Pain Paiot and Pain Relief, and many other concoctions for the alleviation of the pains that mortal man is subject to, but one can safely say that the best thing to be done when afflicted with rheumatism, gout, &c;, is to go and listen to the Steele-Payne Quintette for au evening, and if by the end of tbe performance tbe funny tactics of Mr. Steele, the sound of the bells, the banjo and sweet mandolin have not made the sufferer forget all about his troubles, he must be in a bad way. This is the con clusion one must come to after hearing their performance last Friday evening. Police Codbt. — Or. Tuesday morning, before Mr. G. Morcombe, J.P., Joseph Pond was charged on the information of M.-C. Kelly with being a pauper lunatic. Dr. Yeatman gave a certificate to tbe effect that accused was of unsound mind, and he was thereupon committed to the Park side Lunatic Asylum, and was taken thither by M.-C. Kelly the same afternoon. Elbctobal. — So we are to have a labor representative as a candidate for parlia mentary honors in this district. The moie the merrier, but if Mr. Bastard is wise he will save his time and money, as he has not got a ghost of a show. He has not got as much of a chance as I would baye^ and that is mighty little. Business. — Business Is none too brisk just now, but we have had the pleasure of listening to the ring of the mason's trowel on several occasions lately. Messrs, J. U. Field & Son have had to extend their pre mises, and have taken a lease of tbe large wheat store adjacent, which is now beiug fitted up »9 a paint shop iu connection wi'h their carriage building operations. j 