FLANNIGAN'S LAST FLUTTEI. - I didn't like the ring of it from the first. There was the plan of the mansion done something beautiful ; and there was Flash Harry, holding his breath after rattling off the most fascinating tale that ever made a misguided man's blood go smoking hot. Yet, as I sit there, fingering the ticket-of-leave iq? my pocket, I'd have given sovereigns for the courage to catch him by the neck and put him outside-but the way that man always had with him was something past words. ' Tain't fair !' I whispers, wiping my forehead. ' You try someone else. I took my solemn oath last time-' 'And didn't I, too?' he says, in staggering earnest. ' Bill Flannigan, mind you ain't mad ! We've both of us turned up risking and running ; it's no_ class whatever; But this here-why, I'm coming and pushing sacks o'golden quids inside your door. The others 'ud lose their heads over being million aires at a stroke; you wouldn't. Look at it ! There's the nouse, seventeen solid miles from London, and only one or two bloated village coppers`inywhere near. It's as good as empty-the Colonel fetched the whole family up to town yesterday for a month. There's four servants left in charge Here's the butler's store room ; between that and the dining room, Bill, boy, theze's enough white metal to blind your eyes. See that dot ? That's the Colonel's dressing room. You'll just unlock it and fill his own bag, singing to yourself all the time, while I pack up the silver neat. If the safe's there, you'll please yourself. Next dot my lady's room,. and the girls' next to that. We sample the larder, write ' aadieu' on every door and roam down to the village, where I've a trap waiting in a lane. 'I shall take a saloon for America, and you well, you can stay quiet, work out your ticket, and then float a mining company and bust th. market. . Your hand-settled ! We take train to-morrow night, and we take the swag about 4 a.m., when a servant can't be woke !' That was it, and so it happened that, a bit before dawn, iwo, days later, I found myself creep, creep down that cursed corridor in Colonel Armstrong's country house. Flash Harry was feeling his way down below ; you could hear your heart ticking, and yet I'd never felt more shaky and doubtful. One more step I took, and then- wallop ! I'd gone sprawling, the sweat oozing out on me like beads, and in. my ears the most horrid sound ot bells jangling, as it seemed, all over the house. What next? Flash Harry's rush down there, then a spell of horrible silence. As I struggled up, halfstunned and groped for the wire that had been stretched low across there, bang goes a door, and someone came tearing up those stairs, calling someone else. I went flying down that corridor, turned the corner, and came to more stairs, one up and one down. Never reckoning, I dashed up; and perhaps that saved me for the' time-the man after me must have gone down. I was on the top landing, under a slanting roof, every nerve- in me red-hot. Cornered ? No ; there was-a trap, or skylight, just overhead, With th'e half light showing through like a gleam of salvation- Up on the banister! I found the bolt, just managed to shoot, it back, and banged open the trap. One spring and I caught the outer ledge, and had dragged myself through -waiting for the shout of discovery underneath. It never came. For what seemed solid years I lay there, not daring to move a muscle, praying for daylight, whatever happened.- I could just hold on, without knowing what was above, or below, expecting every minute a policeman's nob to bob up through the trap. But, no; it got lighter and lighter, and at last the poor November sun broke out-that meant it must be nigh on eight o'clock. And I hadn't moved ! Fairly sick and desperate, I lifts my head at last to look behind. Ugh ! There was the brown fields right down below, and and-why, was that a waterspout sticking up at the corner, only. a few yards away ? Yes ! Then it was my chance, if I could only get to it. My feet against the gutter, I started worming along sideways, till my boots touched the spout, and I had only to turn rouhd head downwards on the greasy slant. ... . . I couldn't again, but I did it somehow One breath I took in, and then peered down ready for anything. Was I dreaming ? That pipe reached clear to the ground, and there wasn't a policeman or anyone else to be seen. The amazing fool I'd been !. Quick as thought I laid hold of the pipe, worked m)self off the edge, and went sciramb ling down it like a cat, gripping easily with hands and knees. Down, down, until I could have writ myself down safe as eggs-when a door just below opened, and someone stepped calmly out. A wcman ! One ho'rid stare, then a screech that went right through me; but I didn't wait for the rest. I dropped, dashed alorg by the wall, through a gateway, and went off up that road at a pace that made every thing swim before me. Clear away ? No - horrors !-as I turned the corner, I give one back-look to see if the shout meant anything; and there was a man just starting after me on a bicycle affair. I rushed on another hundred yards before that sweet gap in the hedge sent the thought into me.-a bicycle was no good in a field. Siagger ing over the ruts I went for bare life, praying for one more chance. Another hedge -another look back. Aye, he was after me. trundling his round about across, shouting like mad. \\\Whoop! I'd mumbled cut into a road again. All up now ! There was a sharp bend ; turning for the last time, I just see his wheel wobbling as he got astride it. One mere spurt, and then. just as I was swinging round with my fists up, I spied the ghost of a chance a high, spiked brick wall, and the branch of an elder-tree hanging over it. One wild jump I took, caught the branch, wriggled up, went to lay along ( the spikes till he'd passed, lost my balance, and toppled sheer over-a good twelve feet. Then came a dark blank- a beauty ! It was the sound of talking that brought me to in a fright. I was lying behind the tree on a heap of dead eaves. I rubbed my eyes hard-I made sure I'd dropped into a prison c yard. Why, there was a big stretch c ground, laid out to look like a den, and a big red-brick building at a the far end. I could make out one or two chaps like warders working about down there, and a nurse tripping along with a basin. But it was the sight of about a score of men walk'ing about the grounds all dressed much alike in a sort of grey stuff that made me fetch my breath so sharp. What on earth was they up to, strolling up and down so nice and easy ? And .tben of a sudden I hit it-- I'd chucked. myself into a workhouse grounds, and these were the paupers filling their poor lungs with the blessed free air. Bashed about, hungry, afraid to, breathe loud, a'l in a tremble-yes l'd go through it all again rather than hear the beak asking what was up against me besides th:s job. And never--never no more ! All eyes and ears, I peered about. The paupers, they was a healthy, con tented-looking lot enougl-all bar one chap, that somehow caught on my eye from the first. You could see at a glance-that he was no regular : house' man, and felt the sting of being there cruel. He walked round and round by hisself, avoiding the others. Twice he'd been right by me, head down, mournful as possible-a man of about my own class, and reddish whiskers soriiething similar. But I didn't take that last in till it so happened he came by the third time ; and then-there, you might have 'stunned me with a baby's rattle-if he didn't shake hands hard with liisself, look uip pitiful, and say : ' Oh, for justice ! Oh, to throw off these hated rags and taste the old liberty for one hour !' That was the man's words. - And me -well, I didn't know properly what was -in my mind even then, but-before I knew it, or saw my way at all, I'd blurted out,, in a husky hiss : 'Right you are, matey - change clothes !' - `:'W-who's that?' Tell you, I made certain I'd put my head into the rope -such a start he gave at seeing me there, goggle eyed at the rummy in spiration his look and word gave me. And he was fly--preiended to be look ing up. 'Keep still i Who are you?' he asks, very soft. 'I'm the-the new cook,' I gasps. 'What's up ? Did you mean that there -you're dying to have an houi'out on yo'ur own ? Can't you do it in that clobber ?' For, do you see, all I" could grasp at was, if such a thing -could happen that he got outside ifimay suit, they would be after him for the burglary, while I could slip out at the workhouse door and cut the nieighbourhood before they found their mistake. 'And the way that inan -went white showed he meant it, whatever his idea. 'You don't know this place,' he says ; 'you must be stark mad to come here. It's worse than a prison-eyes in every corner-a disgrace to civiliza tion. Twice I've got away and been brought back. Why? Because, if I once got back to London, I could lay claim to a vast fortune-and get it. And -my relations know it, and are keeping me here without a penny as long as they can. Yes, sir; I'm the real Archibald Savage. It's a scandal' that ought to be in the newspapers.' 'Lor' !' I whispers, reeking with sweat for fear of someone coming along. 'Then let's be quick-how can we do it ? There's nine bob in- -one of these pockets, and it's halves. Where -quick ?' "" ' We're all right,' he says, still gazing up. 'Providence sent you, and Pro vidence will repay you. Don't you see the tool-house in the coiner? Go on your hands and knees- now I .. Safe-that's it ! Can you see? T'ien off with 'em !' SWell i I could ha' burst with chuck! ling, only for fear. I coull hardly believe it was all true, but you could scarcely count fifty before there we was in each other's clothes, and 'he was scuttling back along the wall to behind that elder-the very spit of me, what with the peaked cap and corduroys. And that man that hated the union so -well, I wasn't going to give myself away ! I didn't dare draw breath till he'd got off my shoulder on to the spikes, dropped over with a thud, and hobbled off up the road groaning. Gone ! There I stood, shaking ill over after i., wondering whether I'd got out of one hole into a deeper. The'pauper tiogs felt rummy and skimpy, arid I was no hand at breaking stones, if it came to that; somehow, as I- looked it up and down, I couldn't make up my mind to try sneaking out of the front door, without being noticed. No ; I'd give ten minutes start, and then risk the walls and the fields again. That wasn't to be. Presently my pulse gives a fresh bound as one of those official fellows come walking up mny way. Just mn time I recollected my book, stepped out into the path, and began roaming round same as the rest, with my head down and hands together, like that other fellow. What to say, what to do first, I couldn't think no how; my nerves was fair on edge all the time, as I sidled near the house and tried to get the bearings of it before something happened. I'd never been in any workhouse before, but Ireckoned that a dinner-bell or scmething ought to ring soon, and bring me a sort of chance. They'd he sure to know all about ahe burglary job by now-Lor' ! every minute was making it more ticklish. And one of the other pauper chaps seemed to be edging near me. 'Er- well, my lord,' he says, in a high, preachy voice, stopping; 'still brooding ?' I stares up, and down again quick. Halloa, I thinks, that fellow was a duke or something, come down to this ! 'Yus, mate,' I says, afraid to pick namy words. 'Always a-brooding--oomoned to it. It'sthat vast fortune does it.' I knew I'd spoken wrong, but I was clean taken off my heels when he stepped up, cool as a cucumber, and give my car a nasty lug, and then another. Up went my fist, sithout me knowing it. I could have shouted. 'Here, what game's this ?' I says. 'Jer, don't you take no liberties like that again.' ' L-liberties !' The way that man drew hisself up and let his lungs go was something paralyzing. 'You're intoxi cated, sir !' he says. 'Look at your dirty face i Liberties ! How dare you address the man who ought to be on the throne of Prussia in that familiar way ? You know who I am, as well as I do. You're a low French spy-I've said so all along !' 'Oh!' I gasps. It would out, though my heart was fair in my mouth. I see the others giggling and nudging each other, and 1 never could stand being chipped, under any circumstances. 'Oh ! nice day for an outing, ain't it ? Throne o' Prussia, e?h ? The rate payers'll be keeping quite a tidy few of your lot over here soon, won't they ? Ain't we all come down in the world ?' Next moment-oh, what wouldn't I have given if I'd only let that chap pull my other ear, and edged on ! How did it happen ? I'll never properly know. many a time as I've dreamed it all ever since. Red to white he went, and back again ; and then, with a howl nowhere nigh human, he comes at me, his mouth gaping open. And I reckon the howl I sent up wasn't so far inferior, for there's the marks on my nose to this blessed minute to show where his pretty teeth closed. Arms and legs round me, he was biting and tearing in a fashion that put all the fear out of me. Cumberland style I might have managed-but that there !..-. Scratch, bite, bang I-we was at it; now up, now down ; and in the scrim mage I could make out all the other chaps clapping their hands and bobbing up and down like marionettes. -And the noise ! The place was alive with it; it rings in my ears nows. Bash, bite, thump ! Someone was tugging at me behind now, but, lor! I was letting drive at everything that came near me. Yes ; and then, all of a sudden, when everything was beginning to spin round, the horrid truth of it all flashed into my brain. I'd caught a shout. ' George, quick-padded room here ! .Ring' up the doctor ! Quick, I can't hold him ! There's something wrong !' Hold him i Padded room i Lor' ! would I ever forget how all my boiling blood went ice- cold ? Work house? Nary bit of it ! I'd just got in a madhouse, sirs, and that savage chap, and that King of Prussia fellow, and these skipping marionettes- they was all. drivelling maniacs ! And here .. One more screech I let oft one smash at the men trying to bear me down ; and then I. was off with the whole lot after me. - Terror ?--it was never the word, for the minute Ireckon I was clean fit for their padded room, chains and all. In about a dozen bonhds I'd got to that tool house ; in another I was a-top of it-sprung for the spikes, and wriggled over in a frenzy. Down to the blessed road I bumped, their bell ringing like mad. Which way-which way ? A thousand quid for a deep hole ! One thrilling pause-then a beauti ful baker's cart caine rattling by, with only a bit of a boy 'in'charge; and in half a jiffy I'd swung myself up at the back, snatchcd hold of the reins, and set that horse going like a Derby winner. Fly ! I ddn't stop till we'd covered a good ten miles, and then, at a lonely spot I got down and: made off across country with half a loaf and t'other fellow's hat and coat-the last bit of thieving I'll ever lay my fingers to in this world'! And pretty reading I reckon that baker-boy's tale made when he got back ; but by that time I lay gasping and sweating along the seat of a third- class- carriage, and the shiny rails reached afore me right to London town. Back home, I never stirred out or touched a newspaper for a week. And the rest -well, it don't concern any one. ' Enough that I can look anyone straight in the face- across my little oyster-stall to-day ; and that if Flash Harry's step ever sounds on my stairs again-well, there's a quick step bit of music waiting for him to dance to. Ti.p Biits. 