Induction of the Rev. J. H. Chase ling. Although the weathar was unfavorable, a large congregation assembled at St. John's Church, Ballan, on Sunday morning last, when the Rev. James Herbert Chaseling was officially placed in charge of the Anglican parish of Ballan. The ceremony of induction was conducted by the Right Rev. Dr Thornton, Lord bishop of the diocese. At 11 o'clock His Lordship, accompanied by the vicar- elect, and preceded by the retiring vicar, Rev. J. O. Atkinson, carrying the bishop's beautiful episcopal staff, was met at the west door of tbe church by the churchwardens and vestry. The new vicar having been introduced, a procession was formed, and the officials, clergy, and bishop advanced to the chancel, where suitable prayers were said by the bishop, and the usual solemn charges addressed to the new vicar. The bishop's license was read by the Rev. J. C, Atkinson, who acted as chancellor, and handed to the vicar by the bishop. The byuin, Veni Creator, was sung by. the;' bishop and choir, after which Mr E. Blake, "vicar's * warden, conducted Mr Ohaseling to the prayer desk, and received from him the keys of the church. The usual choral matins was then sung, and at the close, the bishop delivered a short address, selecting as his text tbe 1st versa of the 3rd chapter of the Revelations of St. John :—"And unto the angel of tbe Church in Sardis write; these things saith be that hath the seven Spirits of Q-od, and tbe seven stars; I know thy works, that thou bast a name that thou livest, and art dead " The words of his test were appropriate, aid the bishop, to the Trinity Season, the Michaelmas Season, and the Induction Season—to the last especially, because the overwhelming majority of expositors in every age have seen in tbe seven stars spoken of, tbe ministry of Gbrist. They had, as it were, a sort of double procession of the Holy Ghost aod the Ministry of Truth. There was importance in the number mentioned— seven Spirits of God, and seven stars— signifying diffusion, variety, intensity, and perfection. Speaking more directly of the special proceedings o£ the day, His Lordship alluded to tbe dignity of the ministerial office. It was, he said, no mere craft or profession chosen and exercised from or amongst others, according to caprice and choice. It was ail awful, a sacred, and an unearthly commisrion given by Christ Himself. And those who b >re that commission would Christ wear in His hand as a sigaet ring, even as in old ages tbfl signet ring was worn with the seal inwards to the palm. If Christ thus wore His ministers within His hand, should not the people wear them upon tueir hearts. He would uoc say much of tbe duties of Christ's ministers. ^Their vicar should himself know his duties. Christ knew them. The bishop might'not always detect, the most lynx eyed parishiouer sometimes fail to watch, but'Christ Himself would always know both the failings and the self-sacrifices; the careless omissions, and the faithful striving. Very often the shallow-minded looker on might criticise; calumny and apathy might work their weight of ill, but the ministry was Christ's, and the record was with Him. What matter if the work was so done, so faithfully, so conscientiously, that by and bye" the Master, Christ, would say, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant" To all earthly praises a minister of tbe Church of England must bid farewell. Rank, decoration, or wealth would not fall to the lot of the Australian parish priest. His, merely, to be one of the AngelB of the Church of God, one of the Stars in Christ's right hand, and his calling only so powerful and so potent as that of a eommissioner of Christ, the eternal Master of kings and princes. The service closed with an administration of tbe Holy CoamunioD, the bishop being celebrant, and the Rev. J. H. Cbaseling deacon. In tbe evening there was again a large congregation. Choral Evensong wag taken by the Rev. J. C. AtkinBan, and tbe vicar preached from tbe 22ud verse of thff 8th chapter of Jeremiah— "Is there no balm in Gilead ? is there no physician there 1 why, then, is not the health of the daughter of. my people recovered ¥' Eighteen hundred years ago Christianity was planted as a grain of mustard seed; and throughout the eighteen centuries as a grain of mustard seed it had spread. But it had not cured all tbe ills and woes of humanity, it had not stamped out all the infamy or checked all the vices of social life. So they migbt ask, "Is there no balm in Gilead ?" or "why is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered," What was the cause, and where lay tbe fault? It was not Christ, nor was it altogether with His physician, the Church. 1 here were yet multitudes who would go with Christ, and for His sake to prison or to death. Then let them examine the outward and the more hidden aspects of the great social system; so powerful in the government of present day life. The preacher then dealt trenchantly with what he deemed the greatest hindrances to the spread of Christ's work and Christ's church upon earth. The abuse of strong drink, the lack of home training, indulgence in secret sins, and callous indifference were in turn detailed and denounced. To grapple with such evils, to strive against their power aud influence was the duty of the Christian Ghurcb, and to warn the people of such quicksands was the unending duty of the Church's ministers. Thus they would aim for recovery for "the dughter of my people." Tbe sermon was punctuated with illustrating faots, and was calculated to appeal directly to the hjearts . and consciences of the hearers. It was delivered without manuscript, aud the new vicar showed himself to be a free and ready The Bishop of Ballarat preached at Gordon and Egerton in the af tea noon and evening respeotivelv. 