THE TESTIMONY OF £STHER SANDYS. BY ROMA WHITE. CHAPTER XII. '. And what of Esther ? How had it come about that JoHiah had had no word from the woman he had married two years ago in the church at Lancaster ? TUiB is what had happened after her recognition of her first husband, and - surely pity can excuse her for her silence. After the storm she had slumbered uneasily intn *Un mnrainn nml whetl ftlie AWOkfi. Humphrey, fully dressed, was standing look ing down upon her. She stretched out her hand to him, but did not speak. This was, just then, the effect of physical exhaustion. The intense shock which she had received had left her in a condition of nervous lassi tude in which mi.ud and brain shrank mechanically from any further taxation of their powers. ?' Are you better ?' Humphrey asked her, still with some anxiety. ' I am quit* well.' she answered, calmly. She would hare spoken then, if she could, but she was incapable of the etfoit. ' Do you know that everything is packed, and that a post-chaise is waiting down below, and that, as soon as you are dressed and have had some breakfast, we must be off ?' he j asked, smiliug kindly at her, relieved by her quietness, which appeared to him lhat of re covered strength. ?? Is it so late ?' she inquired, mecbani- i cally. ! ' You were up late last night, you know. Ah ! here is Janet to help you.' He left the room as Janet entered it, and Esther greeted the woman with her new dull calm. ' She dressed in silence aud passed into the next room. Humphrey awaited her at the , breakfast-table, and urged her to make u substantial meal. She sat down, and poured out his tea, and listened to hie conversa.- ; tion. By and bye file realised that he was telling her about the wreck. All on board : had beeu lost but the man she had seen upou j the bench the night before; and be was ensconced in the best 'bedroom, slightly de- ' lirious,nnd quite prostrate after the exposure. ' Will he die? ' ask.d Esthtr. ' They hope to pull him through,' re joined Humphrey. ' No one knows his i name. However, I-e left some money with ! the landlord for him.' j He hurried her a little after this, for the j ? poet,. chaise had been some time waiting. ! '''?' — -she. was inside it, rumbling away from : the seeiifl or-^ ? ^ of that terri||,e j ncbi, she pressed tier*. ? .. , . tt_ i padded cushions, and trlrftoTfeL'1* the The identity of Josiah Phizacklea had noiH been discovered: she endeavoured to be lieve tltiit she might have been mistaken, though at the bottom of her heart she was convinced she had made no error in her recognition. She tinned iC all over and over in her weary brain. Then the apathy des cended upon her again, and she sank into a hopeless quietude. and allowed events to take their course. Esther was only brought home to suffer a sharp attack of illness which everybody put down to the nervous shock she had received on tlie night of tlie storm. The true nature of that shock was still concealed; though, as j each day passed by, she expected Hie revela | tion to come from Little Tarnside. Josiah 1 must inevitably have returned there, and he was not likely to maintain silence on the subject of the wedding. Mr. Eglin, were he still Vicar, would hear of it, and would, of course, cotninuuicutc with Humphrey. She brgau to listen apprehensively for the sound of the bell which the postman carried on his rounds; and the sight of a letter carrier on horse-back made her shiver all ever with nervous terror. But, as the days and weeks passed by without bringing the dreaded news from Little Tarnside. this mental attitude began to change. She commenced to wonder whethei Josiah had e^er goue back again; or whether, if he had returned, he had not perhaps believed himself to have no claim 1 upon her. When this thuught came, like a I ray of hope, she ceased to lie motionless, ' with closed eyesand trembling lips, upon the j couch in the oak pannelled room; and began - to move fitfully, and rather restlessly; hither and thither in the Priory. She was waking ( up to a realisation of the possibility of I escape; and, with fresh consciousness, she better comprehended the entire position. Her own connection with Little Tarnside was completely Bevered. Tim kept up no correspondence in thoBe days of rare letter writing; and the situation of the Priory was, i to the inhabitants of Furness. a meaningless locality somewhere in a remote South. If Josiah Fhizaukiea had as on consideration she fouud possible, maintained silence con cerning that ceremony at Lancaster, Bhe need never reveal to Humphrey that she had seen her first husband on the night of the stomi at Chase Heyes. The temptation was strong; and, as each flay passed, it increased the impossibility of tell ing Humphrey what she knew. But i lie right was too much for her strength. She fill ill again, and, when her son was born, there was a pitiful struggle between life and death. The physician who attended her heard the fiiiut delirious accents, but took little note of them; and Humplucy was seldom allowed in the Bick room. Then, as she grew stronger she became quiet again. The doctor, per ceiving that this slightyoung thing had more power of self- control than would be credited *' to her by a careleBB observer, had told her. quietly and firmly, that if she excited or dis tressed hergejf, her child would be a sufferer. The warning was sufficient for Esther. .She put away her trouble, with a resolution aud calm that astonished even herself at times. She determined to think out the matter, and to see what must be done, when a!ie wus fully recovered, but no sooner. It wag, however, ? ?luring her convalescence lhat she developed the habit of lying, in her^quiet moments, with firmly clenched hands, betraying un consciously that slie held her mental activi ties in a similarly inflexible custody. Humphrey was very happy at this period ef his life, A new tenderness had awakened in him for his wife, and he rejoiced in the possession of his can, who, he trusted, would become more like a human being as time advanced. Lady Sandys was jubilant; but Esther, with quick instinct, realised that any lffection her grandmother might have once felt for herself had been transfeired to her Oaby. Jn truth, her tiny ladyship had never loved Esther for her own pcnsonality, but ' for her surname. The baby now usurped all the corners of its great-grand mother's heart: for it contained in its minute person; a more condensed essence of the blood of all the Sandys. She always asserted that it pos sefeed the family eyes, though the iwzcl orbs of ihe Jupps stared and blinked solemnly at thu firelight from the cradlo by the mother's bed. * tiady Sandys went back to Hurst Hall soon after Esther had taken her ordinary place in the -Priory. Her last wordB to the young \- mother contained an injunction always to let the baby wear flannel next to its skin. As she drove away in the family chaise, how ever, she shuck her head with a dainty airy motion, aa if she would not answer for any consequences that might ensue as a result of her departure. -And when she reached her own home she sat duwu and penned a long letter to her grand-daughter, containing in studious which she had omitted to specif; daring her visit. Esther laughed with some renewal of her old merriment over the document. She read it sitting under the elm trees, shaded from the hot July sunshine, with her baby on her lap. Then she put it away, and sat looking down into the tiny pink face against her bosom. She was not aware that she made a picture, but a pair of byes fixed upon her as their ewner advanced, found her pleasing to their regard, anil veiled their usual bold glances with an expression of admiration and senti ment, Then FitzKoy Sandys came up to the elm-trt'is, anil bowed low before her. ' Mr. Pitzltoy Sandys! When did you come? ' she exclaimed with a certain quaiut ness that he found pleasing now he could trace in her tones no accent of the peasant. 11 Five minutes ago, precisely. I have come U beg Humphrey's hospitality— and your own.' He had not seen her since her mar riage, aud his eyeB travelled slowly up and d*wn her figure and over her face and hair, as if to appreciate every detail of the change. ' We shall be pleased to enter tain you,'' Esther answered, with the little dignified air, she sometimes woie now. ' If jou would be good enough to ring tlie bell at the front-door, Janet will come for the baby and 1 will Knd Humphrey.' ' Let me take babv. It is— ah— quite i new toy, is it not ?' said FiuKoy, with im perturbable gravity. Esther flushed a little, and hugged her baby nervously. She resented this tone he always cook with her, which was tinged with the protective familiarity that a young man might use to a child. ' Are you afraid that I shall break it ?' lie continued, in the same fashion, pitting down beside her on the garden seat. ' 1 assure you 1 will carry it with the greatest circumspection. I will not even prick it with a pin to see if the sawduBt will come out.' ' I do not care for such jokes, Mr. Fitz ttoy Sandys,' said Esther suddenly, turning to him with gravity, and pressing her baby's face against her shoulder that Fitzltoy might not catch so much as a glimpse of it. ' Be kind enough to do as 1 asked you.' He rose then immediately, bowed his head and went across the lawn to the door. As he went he smiled to himself. ' My little lady has improved since her marriage,' he thought. 'Able to hold her own now. I shall enjoy my visit iicie, evidently.' Janet came out in answer to the bell, and took the little warm wliite bundle away into tnu r.....B Then Ebther roSB wilI, a touch of langour. foloo. ^ ); ? ^ shaw, about her shoulders, and lert Ditnax,, ^ad l0 the Bj,,e entraBee which would admit them ^v~^^ite the door of the library. He went in to announce himself to Humphrey; and she left him, to give her orders to tlie servants. When she returned to her seat under the elm trees her husband and guest joined her. She listened to their desultory talk, scarcely tak ing in its import, so sad were her musings. They were speaking of Jonathan Gibson. ' He is getting worse. Michael told me the other day that he is always taking the keys of the Church, and lockiug himself in theie. Michael has taken him and his daughter to live with him. But the daughter has found work in one of the printing-mills further up the valley.' 'It is where Tim is,' broke in Esther. ' Surunna iodges there with an old woman, and only comes home tor Sundays.' ' Ah ?' said Fitzroy carelessly. ' Ah ? ' Humphrey gianced at him, but he ap peared unconscious, and tossed a rosebud at the peacock. 11 Th6y say,' went on Esther, 'that the poor old man is much worse since his daugh ter left him. He has made himself an en tire suit of that queer red velvet he has al- j ways been fond of wearing, and he preaches J in it, every night, at the Elm Tree Corner, ; 'in the village.' 'Oh, I heard something of that,' said FitzRoy. ?' 1 believe he is foretelling the ; cud of ail the Sandys, and says that shoitly a great disaster is to burst upon us.' j Esther shivered, and shrank up to her hus band. Humphrey looked vexed. ' I wish I could fiud some way to stop him,' he said. ' It is a nuisance.' The talk ceased there, and presently the dre3Bing-bell rang. After dinner Fitzltoy dawdled in the garden till the summer night closed in;and then told Humphrey lie should take a walk. It was too hot to go to bed at all in such weather, he added, as he set off towards the village. It was Saturday night, and the lights were in rather later than usual ; but Fitzltoy soon left their radiance behind, and strode up the hill in the direction of Michael Gibsm, the sexton's cottage, which stood a little way out of Glosfnrd. He wus at some distance from it when a sound of pattering footsteps broke through his own heavier tread. An approaching figure was unrecognisable in the darkuess. but, as it advanced, FiuRoy gave a little sough. The slight form that loomed before him appeared to hesitate, then stood still, and spoke his name in a low voice. ' Is it you, sir ?' ' I might Bay is it you, Saranna ?' His tones were hushed, but they sounded amused and pleaded, tie put out his hand, and drew the girl to him with a familiar caressing gesture. ' So you knew I was in Glouford, Saranna V' ' Yep, sir.' ' There is no need to et.drt awav from me, or to try to peer through the darkness in that maoner. Nobody is on this lonely road.' ' I dursn't be seen wi' you, sir. Please let me go.' 'Not yet. Do you know, I was so anxious to see you tliut I came to Ulosford on purpose.' ' I'lease, please, let me go, Bir.' The girl was half crying, submitting to his caresses, but Btarting nervously at every rustling leaf. Fitzltoy, however, only laughed, and drew her nearer to him. ' Come up on to the moors with me, Saranna.' She drew away from him again ; and, as he pulled her back, something heavy in her apron pocket swung ugaintt him, giving out a jingling sound in the darkness. ' Have you got the teaspoons in your pocket, Saranna ?' he asked idly, insisting Dn drawing her closely to his side. ' No, sir. H'6 I' Church keys. Uncle leaves them wi' me when he goes out o' nights.' ' The Church keys ! Come, I have a capi tal idea. You shall let us into the Church, and we will have a tale in the belfry. We shall be quite safe from interruption there, and you won't keep jumping about and dis locating that little neck of yours every time Lhat a leaf stirs.' ' Indeed, indeed I duren't, Bir,' mur mured SarannB, considerably scandalised at such a sasrilegiouB idea. ' Of course yuu dare. Run along and wait for me in the oorch. Vou aren't afraid of ghosts in the graveyard, era you ?'' ' I duren't,' repeatd Saranna, but leBS de cidedly than before. FitzKoy smiled to him boH in the darkness* A few more kisses, a few mere whispered cajoling words, and the weak vain girl succumbed. She went swiftly away towardB the grave vy aid, while Fit?, Roy sought the Church from a slightly different direction. Glosford Chureh stood between the village and the Priory, and a wide green lay level on its North aide. The tombstones were barely distinguishable on this moonlight night, and FitzKoy knocked against several as he made a short cut across the graveyard. Saranna, trembling a little, awaited him among the black shadows of the porch. She was less excited than frightened, but FiteKoy re garded, the whole adventure as a very accept able piece of amusement. He took the key from the girl's quivering fingers, and sought fer the keyhole iu the darkness. They dared net make much sound, and Saranna shook all over as the heavy door creaked on its hi debs, Once inside the Church, however, she felt leis alarmed; especially when KitzKoy closed and locked the door again, that they might be entirely secure from interruption. ' It's very wicked, isn't it ?' murmured Saranna, as they felt thtir way cautiously up the centre aisle, where tke strewn rushes rustled under their feet. 'Wicked? Nonsense I What is there wicked about it '!' 'Only — theer are angels an' devils i' churches, 1 thought.' ' D« you think the devil will spring out of the chancel and run away with us ?' ' 1 don't kuow— I'm rather feared, sir.' ' I will take care of you, Saranna, What's tins 1' As his hand, travelling over the par tition of a big square, pew, came in comact ! with a wreath of tinselly paper. ? ' They're f wreaths for Ellen o' Lucas's , sir. tloo died last Saturday, an' th 'Church I war all hung wi' them for her.' ?? What are they made of? ' I ' O' white paper roseE, mostly. They | allays liang 'cm up for an unwed lass.' J 'Hum,' said FitzKoy, as he pushed | aside the rustling papers, ' real flowers j would look much nicer. There I have man aged to opeu that heavy door, Saranna, Come in and sit down.' He drew the unwilling girl into the big un comfortable pew, and then sat down by her ' side upon the bench that was fixed gainst : the partition. i ' Yes, I came for the sole purpose of tee ing you, Saranna. I did not know how to ' connive to let you hear 1 was in tSlosford.' ' 1 soon heard o' it, sir.' ! ' Well, wheu am 1 going to see you again. : now that 1 have managed to get hold of you'/ ' ' I don't know. sir. I'm afraid o' father.' ] ' He need nol know anylhine about il.'' I ' I think one or two fowk do know it' village, sir.'' j ' Nonsense — what's that? ' I Fitzlloy's voice, which had been amused and caressing, suddenly sharpened, Surciuna would have cried out, but, with some instinct ~* her lack of control, he placed his hand swiltO -mioii her mouth. A ray of light . was travHJiUfc «crOBs the chancel, widen ing very moment, a* ,he httle north easl door was swung noiscleasi.r ODen up0B jtB hinges. ? ' Steap down,' whispered FitaRoy, ?? B,^ keep still.' I Baraana obeyed him. trembling so violently I that he feared every moment she would ciy ' out. He also crouched back against the side of the pew, but watched the opening door with inteutnesa. In another minute they both perceived that the intruder was Jona than Uibson himself. lie came noiselessly , into the chancel, a swinging lantern in his hand, the rays of which fell round him in a i circle of yellow light, and brought out ! touches of snowj whiteness from his u.a, and fthoneglassily upon the balls of his eyes. ; j When Saranna saw the atern impressive {illuminated face nf her father, and watched ! tils tall shadowy form move slowly forward ' not leu yards from where she crouched with i FitzKoy in the psw, she went nearer to j fainting than ever she had gone in her life. | 1 FitzKoy, however, remained observant and ' calm. The spice of danger to Saranna and himself in' this adventure excited him pleasantly ; and he even smiled a little at the i thought of the predicament in which they j were placed. ,, Jonathan Gibson, however, did net ap S proach the body of the Church. He stepped i cautiously across the chancel, his lautern ' sending travelling yellow gleams across the knobs and surfaces of the shadowed choir. ; Then he placed the light upon the ground, fumbled in his pocket for a bunch of keys I which he. presently brought forth, and in ! serted one of their number into the low iron I bound door that led into Ihe vaults. The key turned with a grating sound, the . door swung open, and Jonathan took up his lantern again, and disappeared into the narrow dark opening. They heard his cau tious footsteps on the stairs; and FitzKoy released his admonitory clasp of Saranna's arm. ' Where Iibs he gone ?' he whispered curiously. ' I cannot tell, sir.' ' Have you time to get out before he comes back ?' ' I think X might venture, sir.' ' Then be quick. 1 believe he is down in the vault.' The sound of Jonathan's footsteps had quite died away, aud there was time tor Sar anna to escape before her father returned into the church. Fitss-Koy pushed open the door ot the pew, and hurried her down the rush-strewn aisle. When they reached the ! door they paused to listen, but no sound ' broke the stillness of the Church. With a little fumbling FitzKoy once more die- 1 covered the keyhole, turned the heavy key , with a muttered oath at the grating noise it made, and stepped quickly with Saranna in to the cool dark air of the night. ' There, take the key and run home as quickly as you can,' he whispered; ' I will go another way.' Saranna. needeij no second bidding; she hurried down the road aB fast as her trembl- : ing limbs would bear her, quite forgetting that they had made no appointment far a fu ture meeting. Filzlioy, left in the i oreh, gave a relieved sigh, then laughed silently to himself. The footHteps of the giilhadnot died away before he, too, isBued from the shelter of i/ieOhnrch, moved swiftly round the north side of the graveyard— where the tomsbtones were scanty and the nettle pro fuse—ami tried the handle of the small eastern door, through which Jonathan had himself passed into the chancel. The old man had neglected the precaution of locking it behind him, and it yielded easily to Filzltoy's push. In two ininuteB mora he hail followed Junatnaa (jibson down the oar row dark stairs that led into the vault below the church, his shoes making little or no sound upon the dusty boards. Now that Samuna had escaped id safely, FiuKoy was prepared to enjoy his unexpected adventure to the full. The vault below Ulosford Church had ouce been the family burial-place of the Sandys. None of the present generation, however, were laid beside the rotting bones of their forefathers. Fitzltoy had never been into the vault before, and he shivered as its damp air encircled him. A fteble yellow patch of light shone at the fur end, and iu this little illumination he perceived the bent shadowy form of Jonathan GibBon. All else in the vault was as black as a cavern and as impenetrable as a moonleEB midnight. FitzRoy Sandys was no coward, and he was determined to see the meaning of this business. He crept cautiously and noise lessly towards the light, any rustlings he iiihv have made inandible on account of cer tain sounds which proceeded from the neigh bourhood of Jonathan Gibuon : tearing, lip ping, sounds, suggestive of stuff dragged for cibly from some adhesive substance. When he was within a few steps of Jonathan, Fitz ltoy pttusod instinctively, for he saw at once what manner of work it was upou which the old sexton was occupied. Jonathan bent over a wide wooden coth'u, the lid of which had been broken open and shifted slightly to one aide. The inner coffin ' of soldered lead was distinctly visible, but it was not with the bones of the dead that Jonathan had any concern. The outer coffin, of tine oak, iras lined throughout with ? covering: of crimson velvet; and this velvet the old sexton hurriedly tore and ripped from the Bides, dropping the pieces into an open wallet which lay upon the ground beside him. The secret of Jonathan'aopstQme had been discovered at last. FitcBoy Sandys waited only for a few moments, as soon as he saw and comprehended the old man's midnight business in the vaults of the Church. He had no wish to quarrel with Jonathan to night, nor to betray his presence to the old man. He crept back along the vanlt as he had come, the sexton remaining too intent upon his work to hear him. In tws or three minutes FitzKoy had left the Church and stood in the graveyard outside. There, it must be confessed, he Bat upon a tombBtone, and laughed silently, 'until the tears ran down his cheeks with his suppressed mirth. ' Good cousin Humphrey! ' he murmured to himself, ' good cousin Humphrey ! I shall have an interesting adventure to relate. to yuu in the morning.' (To be continued.) 