The Sketcher. An Alpine Tragedy. hMrs. Leight -n, aged 23. Lady Chillworth, aged 60. Scene: The covered terrace of the Hotel Riffelalp facing the peak of the Mat terhoi-n. (MLrs. Leighton is looking through the hotel telescope at the peak of the Mat terhorn. Lady Chillworth (alpproaching) : Whati are you looking at, my dear ? MIrs. Leighton : I'm looking for my husband. He is on the Matterhorn. Lady C-hilllworth: Ah. you're young. W-hen you get to my age you'll find it wiser to look at your husband through the wrong end of the telescope. Mrs. Leighton : I think I see him. Look. a tiny black speck Against the pure white snow. Lady Chillworth (after gazing at Mrs. Leighton quietly for a few moments) : \That an eloquent description of you and him. Mrs. jei'fhton: WV-hat do you me-an (Nerv-ously.) Lady Chillw-orth : Oh. my dear childl you o n'tt deceive me. Do you- think I don'r know why you're making this dutiful display of interest in ytour hus band ?, o -Irs. Leighton: But, indeed, I Lady Chillwvorth : MIy poor child, you keplt your room all day yesterday, and I heard all that ipased in it the n'ight before last-before your husband left for the -Matterhornl-a most unwilling audience. I assure you ; but these for eign hotels, with- doors connecting all the rooms, like a public picture gallery, are not safe places for husbands to make exhibitions of themsel-ves in. He' a brute ! Mrs. Leighton : Lady Chillworth ! Lady C(hillworth (w-ith risgingindigna tion) : Yes a brute. That bruise on your forehead--! 'Mrs. Leighton (colouring deeply) :I fell against the chest of (alwers, 'and Lady Chilliworth : He pushed you. I heard hinL . : ... Mrs. Leighton :No, no-indeed. Lady Chillworth : Yes he did. and you, like the little heroine you are, fear ful lest the trith should be known. sit here making a display of interest and affection before all-these sniraners But you seem to 'ha-e one devoted friend Captain Thornton Is MIrs Leighton (with enthusiasm) : Oh, he is such&i; good..trne-hearted- : Lady Chillwortlh : No doubt of it -and I'hi sure he means- well but.I'm an -0d woman. and know the w-orld pretty well. and of the mwo-?ii i etere imor" diinger to a young. -attactive woman in ma sympa thetic male -friend than in a bad hus band. MIrs. Leighton : Bur Captain Thornton is a chivah-lrous gentlem-n. L-dy Chillworth : Grinted! l And if friendship were possible between the sexes it might be possible with him; but it isn't. MIns. Leighton : He is the soul of hon- our. Lady Chil!worth : Granted again. But he worships the ground you walk on ! Mrs. Leighton eagerly. then checking herself) : Oh, you don't think that. do you ? I mean I'm sure he Lady -C-hillyworth : Don't tri- to deceive a woman old enough To be your grand mother. Do you think I don't know a man rin love when 1 see one ? Mrs. Leighton : But what makes you think he-he-cares for me ? Lady Chillworrh : There's no nmistak ing the look in his eyes. They sofrten the moment he. sees you_ I have watched you both Do you knou- what heart hunger is ? Mrs. Leighton ifeelingly): Oh ys ! (Checking, herself) At least. I scearcely thrink I kiow Whlt you -mean. Lady Chillworrh (grimly) : Qutite right. IKeep like that. Captain Thornton is a prey to the most acute form of heart hunger, the hunger that gnaws the heart of a man debarred by hnmonr from declaring his love. A woman never mis takes that. Men think we don't know what they feel for us unless we show them we know it. Oh. my dear, what a mistake. l've been througil it all Mrs. Leighton: You ? How sad you look. Lady Chillworth (sighing) :.Sad I've a woman's memory. child. heartless old worldling though I seem in the eyes of a wiorld thflt judges by externals ! Your case brings back to me a memory of the p'tst. A- pause.) \Lrs. Leighton: Won't you tell me about it ? Lady Chillworth: Timere's not much to tell. I married young. an undisciplined girl. ignorant of what love nmeant. When 1 grew to womainhood there ciame one into my life who changed the mieanig of existence for me. 1 loved ihiu uitlt every fibre of my nature. Had he asked it I would have thrown every tie that bound me to the w-inds. But he loved my fair name and honour before all else. and in the loneliness of old age, instead of a remembrance of the shame that clings for ever to a stained life. I have the fair memory of :t man's chivalry to live on. The womani why holds such a memory in her heart is not quite the heartless old worldling she seems. (A pause.) Mrs. Leighton tin a soft voice) : I am so sorry for you. Lady t('illworthl : There, I'm a silly old womhn ! Don't trouble your young heart :bout me, but look to yourself. Few women are so fortunately ,aufor tunate ats I was. Mine w-as an expl)er: ence too wonderful to occur -martit. so beware of friendship. IMrs. Leighton : But Captain T.l:_:t'n is such a sympathetic friend, and I look up to him and trust him so. La~dy hillwort-n : And beware of sympathly, too-It is the overture tolove. Mrs. Leighton: But I am a married woman. We can't love-we musn't. Lady Chiliwortlh : Mustn't ! The word isn't in love's vocabulary. Oh, there is Captain Thornton. See, even his good manners are severely tried at seeing you mnonopolised by any one else. I fancy I san- the ghost of a frown-n on his face when he saw me. Good morning. Captain Thornton. And don't y-u in tend to du the Matterhorn this time ? Captain Thornton : No, I think I have done with the tiarterhorn non-, Lady Chilvortfh. I have ascended it seven times. It has no more charms for mre. Lady Chillworth : How man-like ! No thing but the unattained interests you men. Well. we shall meet at tale-d' hote this evening. I dare say. I am go ing down to Zermatt now. I hope to hear of the safe retuirn of the mountain party when I come back. Good-bye. (Lady Chillworth nods to thllem. and leaves them alone together.) Captain Thornton : And so Mr. Leigh ton has gone to the Matterhorn after all? Mrs. Leighton: Yes. I tried hard to persuade him not. In his present state of healtn I am sure he was not fit to bear the fatigue. Captain Thornton: I sanw nothing of you all day yesterdia. rIts_ Leighton mimdidy) : No, I-I rstayed in my room. I had rasther a dis turbed night Yoou see. MIir. Leighton swtarted early with his guide for the MIat terhorn, and a lot of other people went too. and the claitter 'ind noise made me wakeful. . " Captain Thorn0on (afteir g-z ng at her): Hoiy pale you look. nid-w. hat's that-a. bruibe- on :your templef ~. That wasn't there l.it time I saw youe trs. Leighton : Oh, it's re~all nothing -nothing . at all:. I-I :fell-it ,Was myi oun fault I fell agains t:.he ehest of dra 'ers.-. Captain Thornton (v ith '-grent emo tionl : Oh. my God -he striuck you. Mrs. Letightoh '(fatinty) :i' No-no-in deed--indeedl not. C ap'tin :Thornton :.(turns . .t-a y 'and -looks out across the- valle- to hide his eimotin A'fte- a piause 'he r?duirns to lier, and: taking both lier hands in his. sLeaks w-ith an effort at self-restraint) : I.am so. dreadfully sorry for you, I-I cari ecarc'ely trust myself to speak to you;. but if the knowledge that ,rou have a.devoted-friend w-ho wiould cdalvl face death for y-ou is any help, hear" it from my lilps. . -XIrs. Leighton (lookihg up into his face w-ith tears in her eyes) : Yes, indeed it is a help. a great--help. I- cannot tellyou how great. -(She.sinks down ;on. to a .seat.) \- Captain Thornton .(bending oyer her) : Tou look so faint and ill; s!iall I send for your maid ? ,JMrs Leighton : TWould od n mine I K ll, go and lie down agaiiln 1 thiun. :-- i didn't dleep w'ell last night. (Captain Thornton retires:' Kle rcturntus :with:i lirs. Leighton's maid, and :se \- goes away to hei- own rooa.i Six hours later. Evening. (Captain -'Thornton is smoking on the covered terrace. Lady Chillworth approaches him excitedly, and ?urs her hand on his arm.) S'Lady -C-hillworth : Oh, Captain Thorn ton--your poor little friend. Such : a shock. Her husband ! Captain Thornton (starts) : What of him ? Lady Chillworth : Dead. dead! The news has just comne-diefl on the -Matter horn from exhaustion. 1ie was a dread ful man. but still, he was her husband, and sudden death is always shocking. Captain Thornton (as if in a dream): Dead- dead ? Impossible ! Where is she ? Lady Chillworth : In my sitting-room. I broke the news to her. (A pause.) Come to her--come layring her hand upon his arm). I understand. Captain Thornton: Has she asked for me 'i Laidy Chillworth = Could she ask? Come (They enter Lady Chillworth's sitting room together. -Mirs. Leighton is sit ring on the sofa. Captain T'hornton sits down by her. Taking her hands iii his he draws her gently to him. and she burst:; into tears.)-S. T. S., in "" lick and White." 