91m Cardinal on the Protestant Missions, THE CARDINAL'S REPLY. (Continued from "Wednesday.) Much might be said in proof that nominal | Christianity is the main result, in so far as religion is concerned, of the "Wesleyan missionary toil in Fiji. I will cite, how ever, only Protestant -witnesses that thus there may be no suspicion of religious bias in the statements that are made. Mr. Britton, in his "Fiji in 1870 " (published is Melbourne), gives an interesting acoount of his visit to those Islands. The conversion of the natives of Christianity was, he states, | "a purely political step," necessitated "by their obedience to Thakombau. Some .tribes which succeeded in freeing themselves from his authority, resumed their pagan practices. Of the Wesleyan and Roman Catholic missions, he remarks, " the Fij ians, in their own eonciso way, distinguished the two faiths by calling the Wesleyan ' na lotu wai-wai,' that is, ' the oily religion,' and the Soman Catholics 'no lotu Fopei,' that is, the Topo's religion.'" The great bulk of the Wesleyuu converts, he states, are nothing more than nominal Christians; and he adds:- . , . " Under the missionary teachings tne Fijians have made very little progress, socially and politically, excepting of course in the abandonment of the worst outward horrorB of heathenism, as cannibalism, etc. Their way of living in the vast majority of eases is aw filthy as it was in the heathen times, and it seems as if in these matters they are almost incapable of improvement. Ror can the. missionaries look forward to the future with much hope. They see the Fijians becoming worse instead of better. l»runkenness ia learfully on the increase, and though the foul diseases of European vice and overcrowding have not yet appeared in Fiji, yet the natives are rapidly decreasing. Of one of the native chiefs who was most active in collecting for the missionary fund, lie tells us that in a point of morality he was (ivery heathen"; and he relates of tho King Thakombau himself, that long after he had become a fervent Wesleyan he sug gestively reminded an importunate European creditor that the flesh of the white man was as sweet ns tho ripe banana." Dr. Berthold Seoman, who was Com missioner to Fiji in 1860, in his " Account of a Government Mission to the Fiji Islands," states that the Wesleyan Missionary Society derived a revenue of £1200 a year from the mla of cocoanut oil, and that " Mr. Binner, a Wesloyon training-master, owns largo tracts of land, and a great many small islands." Of the native teachers he writes that " their conduct has often been in direct contradiction to their profession of Christian ity." The conversions to Wesleyan CUfist ianity were merely nominal. Ho instances tho people of Buretu, who " embraced Christianity, but when at a subsequent date the town rebelled against Bau they became apostates.; nor did the restoration of peace make them relinquish their pagan religion, and they had at the time of our visit one of the finest temples in tho whole group." One of the great chiefs assured him " that there were very few Christians in the group, and lie hated hypocrisy." The motive of belief assigned by a leading chief, as recorded by Browne in hie " History of tho Missions," harmonises with this account. The Wesleyan. missionary asked tho chief did he believe in .. the Christian truths. He replied: "True! everything fa true that comes from the white man's country: muskets and _ guns, and powder, are true, and your religion must be true." " Ten months in the Fiji Island," by Mrs. Smythe, the wife of another Royal Com missioner to Fiji, tells us (page 173) that " the Wesleyan missionaries in Fiji confine their efforts almost entirely to imparting religious instruction, making; little or no attempt to teach the arts of civilised life." 8he adds; "It is natural, where subscribers to mission societies are expectant of highly colored reports, and so clamorous for a yearly tale of converts, that the missionaries should rather direct their efforts to collect recruits to train soldiers. ... It appears to us that these converts presume a ^ood deal on their profession of Christianity." 8ho gives an amusing example of " the im perfect acquaintance " of the native preachers with their new religion. An American gettler at Lakemba, an important missionary station, had shot and carried off a pig be longing to a native. Thetribe, being Wesleyan converts, deputed their preacher to remon strate with him. He donned his best official dress, andproceedingto the American's house, aet forth in a long'harangue the enormity of the crime. ' The American listened with respectful attention, and thanked, the preacher for tho forcible exhortation. Bat, he added, the pig is just now baked, so you will please sit down and invoke a blessing on what God has sent. The preacher, swayed by the irresistible love of all the Fijians for roast pork, bowed his head and recited^ a long grace, after which the two_ culprits made a hearty meal on the stolen pig. Miss Gordon Cumming relates her experi ence at a Wesleyan service in Yanua Balevu:-" Our tendency to laugh was only conquered by our disgust, on seeing a regular verger armed with a long stick, who periodi cally rose from his knees and walked about administering a Bounding blow to any young woman who was not doubled up, at what he chose to consider the orthodox angle of devotion ; while right in front of the pulpit was placed a bench, on which sat a row of the principal men, all dressed in hideous black coats and trousers, and who never pre tended to kneel at all; but the verger took care not to see them, and confined his dis ciplinarian attentions to the women." At another mission fejist at Vanua Iievu she witnessed the fervent piety of an ex-cannibal convert; he "crept close to Mr. Langham (the celebrant), and then, as if he could not refrain, he put out his hand and stroked him down the thigh, licking his lips, and ex claiming with delight, ' Ob, but you are nice and fat/" . Mr. Julian Thomas, m "Cannibals ana Convicts " (London, 1886), explains how_ it is that so many of the Fijian natives desire to be employed in the Wesleyan ministry: " The position of a native minister," he says, "is one to,be coveted by his fellows. It gives in many things as much power as that possessed by the chiefs. The native pastor ia always well fed, and has always the p.-ettiest wife. The softest mat, the fattest p >rlr, the biggest yam was his; Mia the youngest asa> prettiest females awaited oa > Wto to da hioa honor," He we* one of those native pastors on the River liewa, aailing in magnificent style in a double canoe, sleeping on a couah, with two native maidens fanning I him. He could not forbear " smacking him | on the back, with the advice given by a bul lock-driver to a late Governor of Victoria: ' You've got a very good billet, old chap; I you stick to it. " He gives the following | specimen of the sermon of a native Fijian teacher : " See what Christianity has done j for us; we have a big ship to come and visit I us, and bring us cloth and beads. Mr. ' Brown has a big house, and is a powerful chief ; all this has been given us; then how good a thing Christianity is." j An Anglican clergyman, who did duty for a time in Fiji, in his work " Parts of the Pacific " (London, 1896), already refered to, states that even the high chiefs who were converted had very erroneous ideas of Chris tian practice or Christian truth. One high chief, he savs, explained his belief in the Trinity as follows: " lie had learned to believe in onn true God, who had two sons, ) by name the Holy Ghost and Christ." An other very religious chief was so advanced in civilisation that he resolved to have a set of artificial teeth. He insisted, however, on having " the old teeth buried with full reli gious ritual, including n long sermon." In accordance with Fijian usage at a chief's interment^ a lordly banquet followed : "Pigs galore were devoured by the numberless sympathising friends, who had come to pay the last tribute of affection and respect to the lamented teeth. But an unexpected feeling of disapprobation suddenly marred the peace and solemnity of the proceedings, when it camo to bo known that the partially interred gentleman had not only killed all his own hogs to supply the liberal board, but had robbed his noighbors' piggeries, too, far and near." (page 236). The same writer adds that " woman is still the inferior animal in Fiji. Natives have not been Christianised long enough yet for the women to havo been raised to the honorable posi tion allotted to them by Christianity." Of the native Wesloyans at Levuka he pro nounces the favorable judgment: "I am porsuadod that the most fastidious mission aries of any sect would consider their salva tion secured ; for were they not all clad in European clothing of the latest cut!" X will only add that a commission of in quiry in its report last year assigned im morality as one of the main causes of the decrease of population in Fiji. Even the chiefs had at times complained of this, and at one of their Rokos or assemblies they raised their voices against it. When I re ferred to this latter fact in the beginning of last year, letters in the public press ac cused me of calumniating the Wesleyan Mission, and yet I was merely asserting a fact vouched for by Rev. Mr. Langham him self. The Fiji 'Times' published Mr. Langham's report on the "Wesleyan services at Bau in 1884, in which he refers to "the expulsion of a large number of church mem bers for immorality, an evil which wo deeply regret to say is becoming of more frequent occurrence. . . . and is exerting such a baneful influence upon the social and reli gious life of many around, that it seems to us that we shall not have done our duty un til public attention has been directed to this growing evil, and public opinion has been evoked against it. We are thankful that the chiefs themselves havo spoken strongly in their recent annual council against the existence and spread of this disgraceful immorality, and that some of our respectable colonists are also expressing their disap probation of its toleration." This extract will he found i» the * 8j4ney Manriftit Herald, * of November ] 1, IKSi To refer to one only of the religious abuses that prevail, X do not know that any thing can be more painful than the accounts ?which we read of the desecration of the Blessed Eucharist, not only among the Pro testant sects in Fiji, but indeed throughout all the island groups of the Pacific. The Anglican clergyman already referred to (" Parts of the Pacific," page 257), describes his visit to the Wesleyan Bishop at Bau, one of the most important Wesleyan mis sionary stations of Fiji. This so-called Bishop was no other than Bev. Mr. Lang ham, well-known in Sydney. His house was on the summit of a hill overlooking the bay. "At tea (thus runs the narrative) his reverence gave me cakes made of dalo, sugar-juice, and cocoanuts, which he told, me he uses, together with cocoa milk at the Sacrament, there being neither bread nor ?wine in the land, except in white men's towns." The Wesleyan Bishop appears to have had a special rubric. In other parts of Fiji a different usage prevails. Miss Gordon Cumming, in " At Home in Fiji," writes:-"The elements used are Fijian bread, generally of arrowroot and cocoanut, and. for wine the very weakest claret and water, it being illegal to give a drop of wine or spirits to any native." This abuse of the Sacramental rite, as I have said, is not confined to Fiji. Eev. Mr. Ellis tells us of the course which he pur sued in his tour through the Pacific Islands: -"We felt.no hesitation," ho says, "in. using the roasted or baked breadfruit, pieces of which were placed in the pro per vessel." He adds that some of his brother clergymen were under the neecs sity of "substituting the juice of the cocoa nut for that of the grape. In the Tahiti Islands the use of the breadfruit appears to have been goneral in the Protestant churches. The native name for the bread fruit is Mayore, and in the Protestant ver sion of the Gospels in the Tahitian language, the sacred text is corrupted so as to justify their usage. At the last supper (we there read) the Redeemer " took mayore into his hands and blessed it," etc. In Chain Island, where the breadfruit doeB not grow,, tho ministers use the fruit of the cocoa instead of bread, and the cocoanut i'uice instead of wine. In the Island of lapa, tho Eucharist is administered with the Taro, a root resembling the turnip or large potato. Mrs. David in her interest ing work on "Funafuti" (London, 1899) tells us of the London Missionary Society manner of administering the Holy Com munion, at which she was present in that island: " The pastor in charge stood in front of a rough little table which had some kind of vessels on it, covered with a soiled sheet of once white calico. He addressed his flock briefly, then he reverently raised the grimy cover, and revealed a sight which filled me with horror, though one swift glance around the congregation assured me that they saw nothing out of the usual way on the table. The taro, which was to take the place of bread, was placed on two soiled enamelled plates; the cocoanut juice, which was to take the place of wine, was in a brown crockery teapot, with a broken lid and spout; and tho cups were just the com mon German beer glasses with their metal tops broken." In Tonga water barely colored with wine is ijsed. It is related that at the solemn Wesleyan administration of the Eucharist, in Nukualofa, at which the new Kinjj, George the Second, took part, he on receiving the bread put it in his pocket, and he dealt with the well watered wine in a far more summary manner. Perhaps, how ever, we should not be surprised at these sacrilegious innovations on the part of the Wesleyans and Independents, for a few years ago the head of the Anglican Church at Hongkong advocated the use of tea in the Eucharist, instead of wine, and the Anglican Bishop of Nelson, Dr. Hophouae, relates how he himself on one occasion in 1862, substituted plain water, instead of wine. Any mission that desecrates the Blessed ^Eucharist, which is the sacrament ef everlasting life, cannot fail to bring with it' a .malediction instead of an abiding blessing.-I am., etc., , , x PATRICK F. CARDINAL MOHAN. St. Mary's Cathedral, July 26. 