The G hapeí of Ease By Harriet Riddle Davis. CHAPTER XIX.-(CONTTKTJKD). ' The doctor has gone, sir : he told me to say, when you came in, that he sees nothing alarming in Mrs Cecil's condition ; that, so far ss he eau judge, she is nervously ex hausted, but be thinks she will be al', right with rest and care. After you went out, sir, she recovered consciousness, and asked for you, and when told you were not here she became so excited that the doctor was ob liged to give her something lo quieten her. She has dropped off to sleep. If she wakes again, you may see her; bat there mast be absolute quiet ; there must be nothing to excite ber.' John stepped softly past the nurse into tho dimly lighted room. She followed him, and whispered, oaatioDingly, ' You mast not wake her on any account, sir.' John shook his bead in silence and qnietly took up a position where he could seo her face, lt seemed to him that it was the ghost nf fleeter, the ghost of his love, that lay before him. Her face was white and exhausted ; ber yellow hair had been gathered off her face, evidently in hurried fashion, and lay in a rope over the pillow. Her half-open hands lay nervously on the counterpane, and there were traces of suffering in then and in every line of the faoe. As he noted them, there swept over him a leeliug of emotion that threatened to overmaster him. He contd feet the swift tide rise from hie heart and spread straight to his Lips, which quivered beneath it, and lu his eyes which became soddenly dim. He had to shut his hands to keep down the flood gates. Everything that bad been wretched and horri ble in the events of the da) fell away from him completely. He wondered how anything on earth could ever have mattered to him when balanced against Hester's life and love : it all seemed so little, and pitiful, and mean. He WOP so lost in contemplation of her faoe and in tbe thoughts and emotions that came crowding to his brain that he did not know how long he had been etanuing, nor realize how worn out and overwrought he vu-, outil (he nurse quietly brought him a ti,«r. and, placing it by the beds'de, motioned lum to sit down. He gratefully eo'-epted it, and leaned his tired head against the.-idu of the bed, and his long vigil began. (Juno, later, the norse came again to bim, and said, . Yon look very tired, sir ; yon had better go to bed. I will call yon if she wakes.' Bet John shook his head. He would not sleep until Hotter should open her eyes again and look at him. He could npt folget the last terrible expression he bag teen iu them when ehe had tamed her face to him after the «er rifle waa over in the ohuroh. A little after midnight Heater beoame very restless, and began to matter broken, dla jointed words. Finally she opened her eyes and looked eagerly round the room, and called John's name in a frightened voice. He instantly bent over her. She was so startled when she saw bis eyes looking into hers *hnt John's heart stood still. He thought that she did not know him ; but almost immediately the startled look died ont of her face, tears gathered slowly in her eyes, she tried to speak, ber lips quivered, and finally she turned her face from him. ' Whet ls it, Hester V be said, anxiously, though softly. She made an effort to keep back the tears, and said, slowly and brokenly, ' Why wouldn't yon beat my explanation f Why did you give me up P' It was evident that she had either for gotten or had not sensed the marriage service. Her mind bad not gone beyond the soene with John in the vestibule of the ohuroh ; everything else hod been blotted oat. John lifted up her nerveless hands in his, praised his Ups to them, and said, S-ietly, ' I did not give you np ; we were married, Hester ; you are my wife ; that is why I am hete beside you.' She tamed her face eagerly towards him ; a life came to her eyes. She was about to speak again, but the nurse came to tho bed and made a warning gesture, which John understood. He bent his head close to Hester's, and, kissing her softly, said, in a hushed voice, ' Don't try to talk any more now, Hester ; I shall watch beside you all through the night ; I shall not leave you for a moment, and 1 am strong and happy in my love for you.' The look of relief which spread over her face waa instantaneous. She asked no further questions ; she did not want to talk ; John was beside her, he had said that he wonld not leave her. She dimly understood that he knew everything, and she could rest at last. With a sigh of infinite content, the smiled into his eye«, then her own dosed heavily and she sank into a deep sleep. hand and never relaxed their hold all through the silent peaceful night. And Jahn kept his vigil at her side. When the mail-hag was opened af ow days later at Chapel Houto, there were two letters in John's handwriting. One was for Aunt Jenifer, and one was for Carey Aunt Jenifer wiped her apes tades, adjusted them carefully, and proceeded to open hers, wondering what John could find to write to her about. Carey onrried hers over to tho window in order to spell out John's queer handwriting, but har attention was im mediately attraoted by a big bluebottle fly which hod somehow managed to defy the cold weather and was buzzing and humming around with ail the cheerfulness and con fidence appropriate to a day in June. Carey could not attend to her letter, eveu thoagh it was from John, till sho had despatched this exciting fly. She determined to out him in two with Aunt Jenifer's shears, and «h<5 < was just beginning a lively ohose up and down the window panes, when she was as tonished to see Aunt Janifer rise suddenly from her chair, tippet her work-basket, and call out in a sharp voice to the entiie house hold, although no one was present but Carey, ' Carey ! Becky ! Jasper ! .all of you ! They've gone and got married in town !' 1 Who's gone and got married in town ?' asked Carey, mak'ng dabs at the fly with the shears. ' Why, John Cecil's gone and married Hester, to be sure. Well ! well ! I never heard the like ot it.' 'John and Hester got married ?' enhoed Carey, dropping the shears and suddenly Bitting down on the settle with a thump. ' 1 don't b'lieve it,' she exclaimed. ' Yes, here it is : John says, 'Dear Annt Jenifer,' (' Dear Aunt,' indeed !' she sniffed, though it was olear from tho puoker around her tips that John's adoption of ber es a relative was highly pleasing to her,) ' I may as well tell you vtithout any flourish that Hester and I were married ou Wednesday at St Paul's Church, and, barring the fact that Hester has had an attack similar to the one when she fainted last winter, and that I have been awfully worried and upset about her, we are the two happiest peuple I know of. We don't know when we shall return. 1 hope yon will pocify Carey before we como; I shall probably have to give her half of my possessions in order to appease her. Hester sends her luve, and will weite very soon. ' Yours affectionately, ' JOHN WOBTHINGTON OKCIL. ' It's the meanest, sneokiu'est, most low down thing I ever heard of, to go off and get married all by themselves and leave us all out, and then stay in town and have a good time ; 'twould been a heap more fun for 'em to 've hod me and Jasper and the dog along. I jost tell you, Aunt Jenifer, I'm goin' real mad about it ; I ain't goin' to speak to 'em or notioe 'em when they do get book, and I guess they'll wish they behaved better,' angrily exclaimed Carey. Then she was silent while she tried to adjust her mind to the new order of things. At last she broke out again : ' I'll just make John fork over lots of things ; i'll make him gimme the new beagle puppies, and his double-btaded jack-knife, and his best pair of dividers, and 1 guess I might as well speak for the yearling colt while I'm 'bout it,' she wound up, jumping up from the settle and already full of the Idea of her new possessions, which, under the circumstances, Bhe knew she could wheedlo out of John. ' Well, I know what Caroline Jenifer's goin' to do,' »sid Aunt Jenifer, arranging the contents of her work-basket, taking off her apron, and piokiag the threads off her gown. There was determination in her tone and a flush on her smooth, pink faoe. ' I'm goin' to march myself to Dorset, and I'm going to tell eviry man, woman and child in that village that John and Hester are mar ried, and I'lL wager that before night it will be known all over Dorset parish and the whole country to boot ; and if some of those people yonder don't feel about the size of a pea when I'm done with 'em, thea my name ain't Caroline Jenifer.' And Aunt Jenifer, with shirts tucked up, and her sturdy feet encased in goloslies, was Boon splashing her way over the maddy road to spread the news of John and Hester's marriage. Her triumph was complete. The villagers stared in one another's faces. There was no truth in the dreadful stories, and there never had bnen ; Colonel Brent was dead, and Hester had heena widow after all. and John Ceoil had known all the time what he was about. Everybody agreed that it was the most suitable match that hod been made in the county for years : and the whole parish was in an idyllic state of delight over the marriage of John and Hester, and their anticipated return to Capet House, destined to be to them, in a new sense, truly e Chapel of ease. On every engine on the London, Brighton, and South Coast Line there is printed be tween the look-out windows the name of the driver, uuder which there is the dato when the engine was built. It it is an old engine there is at the side of the date a number of miles, which is usually about half a million, and then another date is printed. The second date is when the engine was over hauled and repaired, and the number repre sents the distance in miles the engine has travelled from the time it was built to the ti noe when it had to oe repaired. This system has many advantage!. In the first plum, every mau keeps to his own engine. He knows all its good points, knows exactly its capabilities and limitations- Then, again, having his name printed on his engine makes r every driver toke a pride in it, and it is a proud day for him when he makes a record nm. nervous fingers dung to hie (THE END.) 