HAVE a strange tale to toll. It con* cents myself . and Eugenia [A and many others. I mil tell it an quickly and with as little sentiment as possible. Jellrbr&nd;, tbac most extraordinary man* Is willing that I should do so, nay he is even anxious that the world should have a record of what has taken place daring the lust six months. It is a queer story, the queerest perhaps that has ever befell a man in his old age, hut I had better begin straight away. My name is Philip Rochester; "When this story opens I had just, completed my seventy fitth year. When xny birthday took place I considered tnr intellect to be sti'd quite in its prime, but my body was failing. My once erect frame was bent, I suffered off and on from severe rheumatism, which had crippled my limbs and taken slightly from my height, my hair was white as snow, and my ejesight by no means as good as it used to be. With a mind as vigorous and active as ever, these infirmities of age were extremely trying, and as I knew that iu the ordinary coune of events they could but increase until death veiled the scene, my anticipation! with regard to the future were the reverse of satisfactory. I hated the idea that in ten years at the most, perhaps sooner, I must lie down and give up the ghost, and as fur as I could tell cea&a; to be. I was not like Ensrenia—I had not abtauti* , ful roseate hope with regard to the future state. For ma there were no white-robed angels nor etrects of gold, nor pearly gates. She believed in them and lived accordingly, but unfortunately I had dabbled in some sciences which had destroyed my early faith, and try as I would I felt there to be Tory little chance of its resurrection. Eugenia is the greatest treasure of my life. She is my only grandchild, and in fact tbo one near relation I possess. Her father and mother arc dead, and the early friends of my youthhavealso long agodeparted into theLand of Shades. When the story opens Eugenia had passed her seventeenth birthday, and when I recall her face us it looked that day I see agnin her merry, lWhing, brown cjes, the brilliant colour of health on her checks, the rich chest nut of her hair, the sweet smiles and dimples which came and went round her tenderly beautiful mouth. At one time my family was rich, but at the prriod of this talc Eugenia aua I were very poor. I had a small annuity of a huudrcd a rear, which was what was left to me as the end of a valuable Government appointment, and that, with the rent of a house in the country, which was far too s quartered for me to live in. made up onr assured income. But Eugenia was clever—she hud a gfenins for painting, and used to get order* from Minion. Ifortlock, and other large establish ments for original designs which sho executed with swiftness and dexterity. I also helped to eko out tnouer by writing occasional articles for the magazine.*. I was an arehspjlogint and something of an antiquary. I preferred the past to the pre sent. The present interested me not at all. But the past, with its romance and chivalry axi£ glorr, filled iny old son! with delight. 1 was a happy man when I sat with my hooks around me at my accustomed desk at the British Museum. ' On the whole Eugenii and I were a child like and perfectly happy couple. Our tastes were of the amplest, and but for the shadow which old age cast upon me, I do uot know that I had a want in the world. On my seventy.fifth birthday, however, all things changed. In the most marvellous and unaccouutable way crery circumstance of my life and Eugenia's seemed to alter, and this remarkable state of thinps cune about simply because we changed our lodging*. mid took a suite of room* in the house which contained the Yellow Drawing-room. This house is situated in Jloscoe square, which as everybody knows, is still one of the most fashionable and expensive parts of Bclgnma. I happened to hear through a friend that one of the comer houses in this magnificent square was now used as a sort of private Uoarding-hou-e, that the terms were wonderfully reasonable, and the comforts many, and that in particular the entertain ment* given evening after evening in the Yellow Drawing-room made the place a specially derirable residence for a vonng girl. The man who told me all these things said that the owner of the house was eccentric, and only dorirod to cover expenses by his speculation, that he was a remarkable man and had u strange history. He chose his plying guests on their owu merits, and not because they wished to come, and because their purses were full. In short, my friend ura-cd me to see the house, and to make terms with Jellybrand. Thinking of Eugenia I went accordingly. Jtllybrand, to my astonishment, turned out a very respectable sort of upper servant. I did not think that he quite suited that] position, for he spoke as a man of education, and said one or two curious things. When I was ushered into his presence ho startled mo by a keen and inquiring glance, and then & pleased smile of satisfaction flitted over his features. "Sit down," he said. "What do you want ? What can I do for you ? " I told him what I had hoard from my friend, said that I was the grandfather of a particularly beautiful young girl, that triy resources were limited, but that if it were possiblo to receive accommodation in his house, and so secure for ray granddaughter the many advantages which he seemed to offer, I should bo pleased. " I have no doubt it will be possible," he replied. "The fact is, Mr. " " Rochester is ray name/* I etirl. bowing. " The fact is. Mr. Rochester, it i* .«»r people like you for whom this house is intended, but will you forgive me if I aik one impertinent question." - - "I need not answer it unless I please," I replied, " therefore you are at liberty to ask it." - "I donbt whether you will answer it, hut all the s:mie it is one of ray conditions. I cannot receive you into my house without knowing your age." ' _ " I was seventy-live this morning," I said, in some astonishment. .Again that please# look flitted over his face, and his eyes flashed with suppressed satisfaction. " And yon hare one granddaughter, and she lives with jou ?" "Yes." "Herage, please?" "Seventeen on her last birthday." "Is she a strong girl, iu good health, robust, all the rest?" " She is extremely fragile in appearance," I replivd, "althmgh she has never had a day's iiluess in her life. She has intense nervous vitality, hut her frame is slender; she is a very beautiful girl." "Ay. ay," be said, springing fo his feet, and rubbiog his hands again with that look of suppressed and queer pleasure in his eyes.. "I expect you are just the couple I want. I am sure we can come to terms. Come upstairs^ will you. and I will show you a suite of rooms which I think you will appreciate." There was a life; the bouse was a very tall one. We went up and up until we reached thefffth story. Here the rooms were just as lofty as they were lower down. My queer host walked on in front until he readied a little suite of apartments, the coor leading into which he threw open. These rooms were painted in a sort of creamy white, and draped in turquoise blue. They contained two small and exquisitely furnished bedroom); the linen was of the most snowy order, the car pets of the softest Turkey. There was a little dining-room, and a smalt and exquisitely arranged drawing-room. I looked round with delight "Aflat," I 6aid, "all in readiness, but, my dear sir, I am sorry, von do not quite understand—ray gmuddaaghter and 1 are poor people." " Whatever von pay for your present rooms wiil suffice for tli»ae," was his answer. " Will you come and try them ?" I gazed ut him in astonishment. "But you arc offering me charity. sir," I said. fln--hiny as I spoke. ••Not at all. not at all. I shall offer these rooms to another gentleman of your age who posses.** another granddaughter as young, as frail, and as full of that virile will-power that yours possesses, if joa refuse. It is for ▼ou to accept noir or decline." I looked into the man's queer eyes and sanr thetn clitlering. ••We need not bind ourselves for .any term," I ►aid. *'It is necessary that you should take the rooms for a month, not longer. Bur, my dear sir, you will not wish to leave, tou will hare all the comforts of the be?t West End hotel here, and perfect quiet. Yonr meals will be served in thin little dining-room, you will have your drawing-room absolutely to yourselvr a. The door possesses a Mnrad loak whi*h yoti can turn when von wish to be quite alone with your granddaughter. Is it a bargain ?" I said it was, and held cut my hand to groan that af my new landlord. "tardou me," I said, "but you do not bok the part you act." "Ask me no questions; about myself," was his strange answer. "Is i* iny pleasure to wait on my guests. When may I c.vpee: you ?" I told him that Eugenia nnu I would arrive on Hie day when our week was up in our humble ktUtiugs at Blocmisbury. He said that all should be in readiness and I ieft him. I went back to Eugenia. I trotted home as fas: sis inv old l^gs could carry in?. We lived on the third iloor of oneof those gloomy old houses built sixty or seventy years ago in Blooiusbury. We had a. sitting-room, a dingy roc in ull made up uf drabs, grays, and browns. In this we ate our meals and re-ad our books and lived a simple life. Behind the ai'iiag-ronai was my bedroom, aud over head was EugeuiaV. huaeaia's was only an attic, but fhe 1 ked it because it looked over the chimney tups of some of the less tali houses near. She was perfectly happy in her little attic. Still no man in ins sense could compare oar dingy quarters with the delight ful rooms wc were now to pes-oss in the house with the Yeiiow Drawing-room. "My dear girl," I said, as after panting up ths stairs I entered the room and Hung myself down on the horsehair sofa. "My dear Geuny, I havo hau u lucky find." Eugenia was seated near the window painting. It was a day in early spring, a ray of sunshine bad got into the dull mom, and it lay lightly nrross her pretty hair and the soft eurves of her beautiful face. She raised her browu eyes and looked at me. "What do yon mean V ahe 6aid. MYm< hare been for quite a long walk and yon look —no, you do not look tired. Has anything happened, anything interesting ?" Something marvellous, ray love. Iheard of the rooms from our friend Danvers, and thought I would have a look at them. They turned out to be most charming." "But, my dear grandfather, do you seriously mean to leave hero? Why, wo have lircd here for the last five years. Mrs. Sher bourne knows all our little ways, she is not perfect by any means*, but " " You cannot say that you are much attached to these ugly rooms, Eugenia," I said. " Oh, not exactly attached," said my girl. She rose as she spoke, stretched herself slightly, and looked out of the window. " What X want to live in is the country," she said," it is 60 splendid when we go away sometimes for a week. What I should like would be to take your old bouse at Exmoor— oh, I should sot mind the loneliness." "But I should, my dear," I said, wiih gome stiffnes*. "You cannot expect a man of my age to give up his clnb, and there is the British Museum, remember—you forget that, Eturenia." "No, I don't," she answered, "of courso I know we cannot leave town. Will, what have you done? Tell me, please." Then I told her all about the bouse with the Yellow Drawing-room and the dainty little suite of rooms painted white, with the turquoise blue furniture, of tbe beds with their snowy linen, and the floors with their soft Turkey carpets. "Andwc absolutely get these rooms, that perfect little suite, for what we pay for our present terribly depressing apartments," I said in conclusion. " I have taken them, my dear, and we move in on Saturday." Eugenia was never a girl to excite herself over much about the vanities of life, and ehe was by no means as charmed and excited as I was myself with the thought of going to the new rooms. All the same she acquiesced very prettily in my decision. "I must go on with my work now," sho said. " We will go into the cark afterwards, the air is quite mud to-day. "It is nearly April," I said, " we will buy some flowers in honour of the Yellow Draw ing-room—yellow flowers, I don't think there is any colour so beautiful and bewitching as yellow." " We will get daffodils," she said, " and I will paint them. That is s good thought. We ranat be careful with our money you know. We onght never to get flowers except for a definite object." 44 You are pleased about the Yellow Draw* ing-room, are you not, child?" 14 Oh, res," she replied soberly. She sat down again and went on with her work. On the following- Saturday morning wo moved into the house in Bascoc square. Mr. Jelly brand received us courteously, with that proper mixture of the refined old servant and the gentleman of the world which made him *o extraordinary, incongruous and yet fasci nating-. He took us np himself to our fiat and pointed out its conveniences. I wondered if he were struck by Eugenia, who really is a remarkably pretty girl; but after one swifc glance ho appeared not to take any notice of her. He wan much more solicitous abiut my comforts, in fact he was fussy. Now I hate people to remark my- age, and yet he seemed to be doing so in a sort of covert way. 44 My dear e:r." he would say, 44 this chair if you please. You cannot think how care fully I have studied rheumatism. You suffer from rheumatism, do you not?" 44 Oh, not more than other people of my years." I answered, somewhat pettishly. He then made further suggestions for my comfort. Not a word about Eugenia, oh no, ol> no. Perhaps ihis was right, and yet it scarcely pleased me. He went away at last. Our dinner was sent up. perfectly served. We enjoyed it together, and then we prepared to go down to joining the other guests in tho Yellow Draw ing-room. I had furbished up my old dress suit; it had not been put on for many years, and was doubtle** a little ont of dato; but I was glad that I could get into it comfortably, and that the shrunken appearance of my limbs would not be noticed it I walked very upright. Eugenia looked charming in white uith a bunch of yellow daffodils stuck in her belt. It is surprising how easy it i- to dre>s pretty girls—just n touch here and tt touch there and—Eureka! the thing is done. (Jenny's blight eyes nude it quite possible for her to dispense with diamonds, and her rounded arms needed no bracelets to adorn them. We went downstairs together, and Eugenia laid her (lender hand on my arm as we entered the great drawing-room. It was a magnificent room, and \il:cn we made our appearance a crowd of guests were present. A florid-lookiug man with dark eves came up and spoke to mo. 44Have you come to stay?" he asked eagerly. I bowed in tho affirmative. 44 You are just the sort of person Jcilyhranl is looking for," he continued, eyeing mo from • head to foot. 44 Just the right age I mean. Has lie asked you yet if you arc tired of life, or if you wish to renew your youth r'' 44 Certainly not," I responded, hardening myself as I spoke, for I did not care fur tho appearance t>i the florid man. 4*WuwiIlbe comfortable hero." he con tinued, dropping his voice. 44 Ami you wilL I e interested, for you wiii find mystery. Tho study of oar host alone is a perfect enigma, but von will have creature comforts, and at a ridiculously low figure. Is this young lady your daughter?" 44 My granddaughter," I answered. Eugenia bowed very slightly. She^theq wandered np the room. __ 44 A young girl aud an old man/* ha said, halt under his breath, but loud enough for me to hear. 44 Just exactly what Jeliybram\ wonts. If I were you, my good friend— litre hrrc as qiwMr.*,s "I s!mH do making or ki«d, 1 Tiplictl, Tvith some anger ju iny tone. 