Extraordinary Credulity. NEW SEOr IN AMERICA. Mountebanks appealing >< to the• ore dulity of the'ignorant!;initbo'i tiameof religion are always with us. This yenr the most successful and notorious of thvao is a' man who calls himself the | Rov. Frank' W. Kandford, wl'u> boo organised an association to wbicb ho hus given the nanio of The Holy Ghost and Uo Society, and which haB just hold a session of eight days on a bill in tliu state of Maine. Sandford appeared on this bill three years ago, with a spade in his hands, and began to dig, saying that he had buen com manded by Ood to erect u temple thiire, and revolutionise tho religions of the world. His zeal was infootious, and thoso who canin to scoff remained to uasist. Mori) than' two hundred men from the adjacent farming districts joined him in the work without pay. Every day ho prayed for money, and soon it began to roll in; foi the deluded agriculturists sold their farms, and gave him the proceeds, and contributions came from others. One farmor. sold all bo had, except a herd of hogs. These ho killed, and buried, becauso Sandford rogarded them ns unclean auimals and would not rooeive tbo valuo of thom in cash. The soeiety now has about 3,000 mombortj. Sand ford baptised many newcomers during the convontion, plunging them into a rivor, whilo his followers on tbo banka shouted, "Hallelujah!" In his publio addresses ho predicts that England and America will soon unite to subdue the whole world with fire aud eword. At the close of tho convention ho sailod for England, promising to bring back a largo Hum of monoy. Probably ho will return, for thero is much moro monoy to bo drawn from tho oredulous for the uupport of his projects. The society's property was loft in charge of loyal assistants, or confederates. Many old Holdiers now feel the ntleeU of tliu Imnl aumuo they endured (lining thu war. Mr. C»cu. S Aiulernou, of Ko&bviHc;, Vork comity, Venn., who Baw the hardest kind o( Hcrvico ul the front, iu now frc quontly troubled with rheuiuatimn. ••I hud a Bovere attack lately," ho saya, " and procured n bottlo ttf Cluunborlatn'H I'ain Balm, It did ho much good that I would like to know what you would charge me for ono dozen bottlua." Mr. Andcraon wanted 'it both for lim own usu mid to aupply it to bin frieiulH and neighbor*, iw every family , hoitld hnvo a bottle of it in their home, not utily for ihuunmtisiit, butinitio back, iiprainb, owellinga, euta, hruixcH and burim, for which h is uiiu<|imlled» For Bale by P. Moran. 