Farocliial District of Cooper DOOt Daring last week this portion of the Manning district was visited by the Right Rev. Bishop of Newcastle. The Rev. R. H. Phillips, Rural Dean of the Manning acted as Bishop's Chaplain. On Tuesday, the 28th ult. the Bishop was entertained at luncheon by the church people of Moorland. All the leading residents of the district, including several visitors from Cooper nook were present. The Rev. R. H. Phillips filled the position of chairman, with the Bishop on his right, the Rev. G. D. Hilder occupied the vice-chair. After luncheon was over Mr. J. Stin son, J.P., read an address of welcome to his Lordship on his first official viBit to Moorland, to which Dr. Stan ion suuaoiy replied, uonnrmation was held in the Union Church. Seven candidates were presented by the Rev. G. D. Hilder. On Wednesday after noon the Bishop, assisted in the service by the Revs. R. H. Phillips and G. D. Hilder laid the foundation Etone of All Saints Church, Kendell. Before the stone was placed in position the Bishop called on the Rev. G. D. Hilder to read the scroll, which together with the last Diocesan Synod report were placed in a bottle, and lodged in a cavity prepared in the stone. The Rev. G. D. Hilder then presented his Lordship with a beautifully turned mallet, and the stone being placed in position was declared well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The concluding prayers were read, and hymns 394 and 305 were sung during the service. Addresses were delivered by the Bishop and Revs. R. H. Phillips and G. D. Hilder. During the singing of the latter hymn a collection was taken up in aid of the buildiug fund and placed on the etone. The amount received was £10 16s 9d. The follow ing is the wording of the scroll : — 'In the name of the Father, and the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. kin fnnti/inl^An t-l-Ano rtf All $taint-7cf Church, Kendell, to be dedicated to the higher glory and worship of Al mighty God, was duly laid by the Right Rev. -George Henry Sfcanton, DC, Lord- Bi&bop; of Newcastle, on Wednesday, March 1, 1699, in the 2ist year of his Lordship's consecration, Curate in Charge of the provisional district of Coopernook, the Rev. G. D. Hilder — Rural Dean of the Manning, Rev. R. H. Phillips, Rector of the parish of Taree — Lay-readers resident at KendeJl— Messrs. J. F. Hall and A. G. Smith — District Church Com mittee for Kendell, Heron's Creek, and Slew — Messrs. J. Jackson, J, F. Hall, A. G. Smith, G. Smith, A. Jackman, and A. 8. Baker ; Sunday School Teachers : Mr. J. F. Hall and Miss nan. After the conclusion of the service, the Bishop proceeded to Kew, and ad ministered the rite of confirmation to twelve candidates. The Reve. R. H Pbillips and G. D. Hilder again assist, ing in the service, the latter presenting the candidates. On Thursday afternoon the Bishop consecrated the Holy Trinity Church, Laurieton, in the presence of a large congregation. The church looked very pretty'inside, the chancel was decorated mif Vi VnttHaBtAnfr rtaima an ft t.nfi HI t'.flT and lectern decked with white brocade frontal, and brass altar cross and vases presented quite a picture. The altar cross and vases were the gift of a friend. The opening pealm was read by the Rev. G. D. Hilder, then fol lowed hymn 215, ' The Church's One Foundation.' The prayers were read by the Bishop and Rev. R. H. Phillip?, j the latter as Bishop's Chaplain reading ; the deed of consecration. After the declaration of consecration, addresses were delivered by the Bishop ? and clergy present ; hymns 395 and 242 brought the service to a close. The same evening confirmation was ad-! ministered to twelve -candidates. A large congregation, was present and1 after singing hymn 215, the opening prayers :were read by the Rev. G. D. Hilder, and lessons by Rev. R. H. Phillips. The candidates were pre sented hy ? the former. On Friday morning the Bishop was celebrant at Holy Communion, and the Rev. R. H. Phillips read the Gospel, and Rev. G. D. Hilder the Epistle for the day. The same evening the Bishop conducted confirmation service at St. Luke's little church was crowded to the doors, and the service throughout was very hearty. Eighteen candidates from Lansdowne and Coopernook were con firmed, the Rev. R. H. Phillips pre senting on behalf of the Rev. G. D. Hilder, who was detained at Kew through the sad death of Master W. Lees. On Saturday morning bis Lord ship left Ooopernook for Winghanr Good foe the Bbideoboom.— Mvdgee Post says : — ??? At a wedding festival, celebrated a Bborb time ago, Jess than 100 miles from Mudgee, the usual custom of kissing the bride after the ceremony was conoluded was departed from, bat the bridegroom was rushed by the fair sex and nearly smothered in kisses. ' This ia reversing the order Of things with a vengeance. 