SENSATIONAL NEWS FROM THE ISLANDS. ' The Sydney correspondent of Ihe 'Ape' telegraphed on Friday:— 'The steamer Ar cher, trading under tho auspices of the Pacific Inlands Company, returned to Syd ney inw aiiernoon aiicr an extended chum among the South Sea Islands Besides the Gilbert, Ellice, and Marshall groups, she visited New Britain, New Ireland, and nu merous scattered islands to the east of New Irelaud. She bring* sensational news from the Marshall Islands. The captain reports that a tidal wave had swept over several of the islands, causing a consider able amount of damage. The tidal wnvc was also felt at the Gilbert and Ellio; group*, New Ireland, and Feed Island. At Nukufatau the tidal wave wa« very destruc tive, and at Feed Island it devastated the native settlements. While the Archer wj* ' at Jaluit, in the Marshall Islands, a Ger man trading schooner came into port, from the Carolines, and reported that the tidal wave had extended tjherc, causing great lo*» ' of life. Captain Hitchfieid, of the German schooner, informed Captain llenry, of the Archer, that one of the Caroline Group hud been entirely swept by tbe wave, and that several hundred lives must have been lost. Captain Hitchfieid wan in the vicinity at tlie time, and succeeded in rescuing Mum: of the natives. The fame wave reached as far as New Ireland, but did not do tnucu damage there. Several massacres were re ported in the Bismarck Archipelago. At New Ireland a trader named Peterson in formed Captain Henry that he had sent two of his boats down Uie coast in Feb ruary last to trade. They had reached the trading grounds and the boat| were an chored for the night. Whilxt the crew* were asleep the natives put off from ths nhorc in war canoes, captured the boats and their freight, and massacred all on board. The two boaU were manned -y eleven natives, whose bodies were taken ashore and eaten. The boats were subsequently destroyed. At New Britain some month* ago a little trading ketch called the Sea Ghost started out for the neighbouring is lands on a trading trip. Arriving at Nusa she was captured by the natives, and the whole of the crew were massacred. One of the murderers was recently captured nt New Britain, having joined one of tbe trad ing vessels). He was duly sentenced to death, and was *hot a few days before the Archer started for Sydney. The Genoa u wnrfchip Moewc had started out from New Britain for Nusa on a punitive expedition in connection with Ibc same massacre.' 