THE STORYTELLER When the Sleeper Wakes. By H. G. Wells. Author of the ' 'Wonderful Visit,' ' The Wai of the 'Worlds,' and ' The Invisible Man.' CHAPTER VIII. THE HOOF SPACES. As the fane m tbe circular aperture of Ihe inner room rotated and permitted glimpses of tbe night, dim sounds drifted in thereby. And Gra ham, standing underneath, wrestling darkly with the unknown powers that imprisoned him, aDd which he had now deliberately challenged, was startled by the sound of a voice. He peered up and saw in the intervals of tbe rotation, dark and dim, trie iace ana snouiaers ot a man regarding him. Then a dark hand was ex tended, the swift fan struck it, Bwung round acd beat on with a little brownish patch on the edge of its tbin blade, and something began to fall therefrom upon the floor, dripping silently. Graham looked down, and there were spots of blood at his feet. He looked up again in a strange excitement. The two figures had gone. He iema'ned motionless — liiw every sense intent upon the flickering patch of darkness, for outside it was high night. He became aware of 60me faint, remote, dark specks floating lightly through tbe outer air. They came down towards him, fitfully, eddying, and parsed a*ide out of the up rush from the fan. A gleam of lieht flickered, the specks flashed white, and ihen the darkness came again. Warmed and lit as he was, he per ceived that it was snowing within a few feet of him. Graham walked across the room, and came back to the ventilator again. He saw the head of a man pass near. There was a sound of whisper ing. Then a smart blow on some metallic sub stance, effort, voices, and the vans stopped. A guet of snowflakes whirled into the room, and vanished before they touched the floor. ' Don't be afraid,' said a voice. Graham stood under the fan. ' Who are you ? ' he whispered. For a moment there was nothing but the sway ing of the fan, and then the head and shoulders of a man were thrust cautiously into the opening. His face appeared nearly inverted to Graham ; his dark hair wa« wet with dissolving flakes of snow upon it. His arm went up into the darkness holding something: unseen. He had a youthful face and bright eyes, and the veins on bis fore head were swollen . He seemed to be exerting . himsslf to maintain bis position. For several seconds neither he nor Graham spoke. ' You were the Sleeper ? ' said the stranger at last. ' Yes,' said Grabam. ' 'What do you want with me ? ' ' I come from Ostrog, sire.' ?' Oetrog ?' The man in the ventilator twisted his head round so that his profile was towards Graham. He appeared to be listening. Suddenly there was a hasty exclamation, and ihe intrudtr sprang back just in time to escape tbe sweep of the re leased fan. And when Graham peered up there was nothing visible but the slowly falling snow. It was, perhaps, a quarter of an hour before anything returned to the ventilator. But at last came the same metallic inteiference again ; tbe fan stopped and the face reappeared. Grabam had remained all this time in tbe same place, alert and tremulously excited. ' Who are you ? What do you want ! ' he said. ' We want to speak to you, sire,'' said the in truder. ?' We want — I can't hold the thing. We have been trying to fh.d a way to you — three days.' ' Is it rescue ? ' whispered Graham. ' Es cape ? ' ' Ye?f rire. If ye u will.' ' You are my party — the paity of the Sleeper ? ' ' Yes, 6ire.' ' What am I to do ? ' said Graham. There was a struggle. The stranger's arm ap peare d, and his hand was bleeding. His knees came into view over tbe edge of the funnel. ' Stand away from me,' he said, and he dropped rather heavily on his hands and one shoulder at Graham's feet. The released ventilator whirled noisily. The stranger rolled over, sprang up nimbly and stood panting, hand to a bruised shoulder, and with his bright eyes on Graham. ' You are, indeed, the Sleeper,' he said. ' I saw yau asleep. When it was the law that any one might see you.' ' I am the man who was in the trance,' said Graham. ' They bave imprisoned me here. I have been here since I awoke— at least three days.' The intruder seemed about to speak, heard something, glanced swiftly at the door, and suddenly left Graham and ran towards it, shout ing quick incoherent words. A bright wedge of steel flashed in his hands, and he began tap, tap, a quick succession of blows upon the hinges. ' Mind ! ' cried a voice. ' Oh ! ' The voice came from above. Graham glanced up, saw the soles of two feet, ducked, was struck on the shoulder by one of them, and a heavy weight bore him to the earth. He fell on his knees and forward, and the weight went over his bead. He knelt up and saw a second man frcni above seated before him. 'I did not see you, Sire,' panted the man. He rose and assisted Graham to rise. ' Are you hurt, sire ?' he panted. A succession of heavy blows on the ventilator began, something fell close to Graham's face, and a shivering edge of white metal danced, fell over, and lay flat upon the floor. ' What is this 'f cried Graham, confused and looking at the ventilator. ' Who are you 'f What are you going to do ? Remember I understand nothing.' ' Stand back,' sail the stranger, and drew him from under the ventilator as another frag ment of metal fell heavily. ' We want you to come, sire,' panted the new comf r, and Graham, glancing at his face again, saw a new cut bad changed from white to red on his forehead, and a couple of little trickles of blood starting therefrom. Your people call for you.' '' Come where ? My people ! ' ' To the hall about the markets. Your life is in danger here. We have spies We learned but just iu time. The Council has decided — this very day — either to drug or kill you. And every thing is ready. The people are drilled, the wind van police, the engineers, and half the way gearers are with us. We hcive the halls crowded — shouting. The whole city 6houts against the Council. We bave arms.' He wiped the blood with his hand. ' You life here is not worth ? ' ' But why arms ? ' ' Tbe people have risen to protect you, sire. 'What ?' He turned quickly as the man who fcad first come down made a hissing with his teeth, and looking through the intervening archway, Gra ham saw the latter start back, gesticulate to them to conceal themselves, and mo re as if to hide be hind the opening door. As he did so, Howard appeared, a little tray in one hand and his heavy face downcast. He tarted, looked up, the door slammed behind him, the tray tilted sideways, and the steel wedge struck him behind the ear. He went down like a felled tree, and lay as he fell athwart the floor of the outer room. Tbe man who had struck him bent hastily, studied his face for a moment, rose, and returned to work at the door. ' Your poison,' said a voice in Graham's. ear. Then abruptly they were in darkness. The in numerable cornice lights had been extinguished. Graham 6aw the aperture of the ventilator, with ghostly snow whirling above it and dark figures moving hastily. Three knelt on the vane. Some dim thing— a ladder — was being lowered through the opening, and a hand appeared holding a fit ful yellow light. He had a moment of hesitation. But the man ner of theee men, the sw'ft alacrity, their words, marched so completely with hi« own fears of the Council, with his idea and hope of rescue, that it lasted not a moment. And his peop'e awaited him ! ' I do not understand,' he said, ' but I trust you. Tell me what to do.' The man wilh the cut brow gripped Graham's aim. ' Clamber up the ladder,' he whispered. ' Quick. Timy will have heard ? ' Grabam felt for the ladder with exl ended hands, put his foot on the lower rung, and, turning his head, saw over the shoulder of tbe Dearest man, in the yellow flicner of tbe light, the first-comer astride over Howard, and still working at the door. Graham turned to the ladder again, and was thrust by his conductor and helped up by those above, and ihen he was standing on some thing hard and culd and slippery outside the ven tilating funnel. He shiveied. He was aware of a great dif ference in the temperature. Half a dozen men stood about bin, and light flakes of snow touched hands and face and melred. Fur a moment it was dark, then for a flash a ghastly violet white, and then everything was dark again. He saw he had come out upon the roof of the vast city structure which had replaced tbe miscel laneous houses, streets, and open spaces of Victorian London. The place upon which he stood was level, with serpentine cables lying athwart it in every direction. The circular wheels of a number of windmills loomed indistinct and gigantic through the darkness and snowfall, and roared with a varying loudness as tbe fitful wind rose and fell. Some way off an intermittent white light smote up from below, touched the snow ed dies with a transient glitter, and made an evanes cent spectre in the night ; and here and there, low down, some vaguely outlined wind-driven mecha nism flickered with livid sparks. All this he appreciated in a fragmentary manner as his rescuers stood about hiui. Someone threw a thick soft cloak of fur-like texture about him, aud fastened it by buckled straps at waist aud He saw he had come out upon the roof of the viis-t city structure.— Chapter VI IL shoulders. Things were said briefly, decisively. Someone thrust him forward. Before his mind was yet clear a dark shape gripped his arm. ' This way,' said this shape, urgiog him along, and pointed Graham across the flat roof in the direction of a dim semicircular haze of light. Graham obeyed. ' Mind ! ' said.a voice, as Graham stumbled against a cable. ' Between them, not across them,' said the voice. And, ' We must hurry.' ' Where are the people,' said Graham. ' The people you said awaited me F ' The strauger did not answer. He left Graham's arm as the path grew narrower, and led the way with rapid strides. Graham followed blindly. In a minute he found himself running. ' Are the others coming ? ' he panted, but received no reply. His companion glanced back and ian on. They came to a sort of pathway of open metal work, transverse* to the direction they had come, and tbey turned aside to follow this. Graham looked back, bnt the snowstorm had hidden the others. ' Come on ! ' said hiH guide. Running now, they drew near a little windmill spinning high ia the air. . ' Stoop,' Baid Graham's guide, and they avoided an endless band running roaring up to the shaft of the vane. ' This way ! ' and they were ankle deep in a gutter full of drifted thawing snow, between two low walls of metal that presently rose waist high. ' I will go firs'-,' . said the guide. Graham drew hit* cloak about him and followed Then suddenly came a narriw abyss across which the gutter leapt to tbe snowy darkness of the further side. Graham peeped over the side once and the gulf was black, for a moment he regretted his flight. He dared not look again, and his brain spun as he waded through the half liquid enow. Then out of the gutter they clambered and hurried across a wide flat space damp with thaw ing snow, and for half its extent dimly translucent to lights that went to and fro underneath. He hesitated at this unstable looking substance, but his guides ran on unheeding, and so they came to and clambered up slippery steps to the rim of a great dome of gla»s. Bound this they went. Far below a number of people seemed to be dancing, and mu9ic filtered through the dome. Grabam fancied he heard a shouting through the snow storm, and his guide hurried on with a new spurt of haste. And then an ascent to a space of wind mills, one so vast that only the lower edge of its vans came rushing into sight and rushed up again and was lost in the night and the snow. They hurried for a time through the metallic tiacery of its supports, and came at last above a place of moving platforms like the place into which Gra ham had looked from the balcony. Th9y crawled across the sloping transparency that covered this street of platforms, crawling on hands and kneeB because of tbe slipperiness of the snowfall. For the most part the glass was bedewe 1, and Grabam saw only hazy suggestions of the forms below, but near the pitch of the transparent roof the glass was clear, and he found himself looking sheerly down upon it all. For awhile, in spite of the urgency of his guide, he gave way to vertigo, and lay spread -eagled on the grass, sick and para lysed. Far below, mere stirring specks and dots, went the people of the unsleeping city in their perpetual daylight, and the moving platforms ran on in their incessant journey. Messengers and men on unknown business shot along the drooping cables and the frail bridges were crowded with meD. It was like peering into a gigantic glass hive, and it lay vertically below him with only a tough glass of uuknown thickness to gave him from a fall. The street showed warm and lit, and Graham was wet now to the skin with thawing snow, and his feet were numbed with cold. For a space he could not move. ' Come on ! ' cried his guide, with teiTor in his voice. ' Come on ! ' Graham reached the pitch of the roof by an effort. Over the ridge, following his guide's example, he turned about and slid backward, amid a little avalanche of snow. While he was sliding he thought of what would happen if some broken gap should come in his way. At the edge he stumbled to his feet ankle deep in flush, thanking heaven for an opaque footing again. His guide was al ready clambering up a metal screen to a level ex panse. Through the spare snowflakes above this loomed another line of windmills, and then suddenly the amorphous tumult of the rotating wheels was pierced with a deafening sound. It was a mecha nical shrilling of extraordinary intensity that seemed to come simultaneously from every point of the compass. ' Tuey have missed us already ! ' cried Gra ham's guide in an accent of terror, and suddenly, with a blinding flash, the night became day. Above the driving snow, from the summits of the wind wheels, appeared vast masts carrying ^lobei of livid light. They receded in illimitable visras in every direction. As far as his eye could penetrate the snowfall they glared. ' Get on thiB,' cried Graham's conductor, and thrust him forward to a long grating of metal, snowless metal that ran like a band between two slightly sloping expanses of snow. It felt warm to Graham's benumbed feet, and a faint eddy of steam ros9 from it. ' Come on ! ' shouted his guide ten yards off, and, without waiting, ran swiftly through the in candescent glare towards the iron supports of the next ranga of wind wheels. Graham, recovering from his astonishment, followed as fast, convinced of his imminent capture. In a score of seconds they were within a tracery of glare and black shadows shot with moving bars beneath the monstrous wheels. Graham's con ductor ran on for some time, and suddenly darted sideways and vanished into a black shadow in the corner of the foot of a huge support. In another moment Graham was beside him. Taey cowered panting, and stared out. The scene upon which Graham looked was very wild and strange. The snow had now almost ceased ; only a belate l flake passed now and again across the picture. But the broad stretch of level before them was a ghastly white, broken only by gigantic masses and moving shapes and lengthy strips of impenetrable darkness, vast un gainly Titans of shadow. All about them, huge metallic structures, iron girders, inhumanly vatt as it seemed to him, interlaced, and the edges of wind wheels, scarcely moving io the lull, passed in great shining curves steeper and steeper up in to a luminous haze. Wherevei the snow-spangled light struck dowu, beams and girders, and iuces sant bands running with a halting, indomitable resolut'on, passed upward and downward into the black And with all that mighty activity, with an omnipresent sense of motive and design, this snow-clad dissolution of mechanism was void of a'tl human presence save themselves, seemed as trackless and deserte 1 and unfrequented by men as some inaccessible Alpine snowfield. ' They wilt be chasing us,' cried the leader. ' We are scarcely halfway there yet. Cold as it is we must hide here for a space— at least until it snows more thickly- again. His teeth chattered in his head. ' Where are the markets ? ' asked Graham, staring out. ' Where are all the people P' The other made no answer. ' Look ! ' whispered Graham, crouching close, and becoming very still. The snow had suddenly become thick again, and sliding with the. whirling eddies out of the black pit of the sky came something, vague and large aud very swift. It came down in a steep curve and swept round, wide wings extended and a trail of condensing white vapour behind it, rose with an easy swiftness and weut gliding up the air, swept horizontally forward in a wide curve and vanished again in the steaming specks of snow. And, under the ribs of its body, Graham saw two little : men, very minute and active searching the snowy areas about him, as it seemed to him, with field glasses. For a: second they were clear, then hazy through a thick whirl of snow, then small and distant, and in a minute they were gone. '? Now ! ' cried his companion. ' Come ! ' He pulled Graham's sleeve, and incontinently the two were running headlong down the arcade of ironwork beneith the wind wheels. Graham, running blindly, collided with his leader, who had turned back on him suddenly. He found himself within a dozen yards of a black chasm. It ex tended as far as he could see right and left. It seemed to ct on their progress m either direction. ' Do as I do,' whispered his guide. He lay down and crawled to the edge, thrust his head over and twisted until one leg hung. He seemed to feel for something with bis foot, found it, and went sliding: over tlie edge into the gulf. His head reappeared. ' It is a ledge,' he whispered. ' In the dark all the way along. Do as I did.' Graham hesitated, went down upon all fours, crawled to the edge, and peered into a velvety blacknees. For a sickly moment he had courage neither to go on nor to retreat, then he sat and hung his legs down, felt his guide's hands pulling at him, had a horrible sensation of sliding over ihe edge into the unfathomable, splashed, and felt himself in a slut-by gutter, impenetrably dark. ' This way,' whimpered the voice, and he be gan crawling along the gutter through the trick ling (.haw, pressing himself against tbe wall. They continued along it for some minutes. He seemei to pays through a hundred stages of misery, to pass minute after minute through a hundred degrees of cold, damp, and exhaustion. In a little while he ceased to feel his hands and feet. The gntter sloped downwards. He observed that they were now many feet below tbe edge of the buildings. Bows of spectral white shapes like the ghosts of blind-drawn windows rase above them. They came to tbe end of a cable, fastened above one of these white windows, dimly vieible and dropping: into impenetrable shadows. Sud denly his hand came against bis guide's. ' Still! ' whiepered tbe latter very softly. He looked up with a start and saw the huge wings of the flying machine gliding slow and noiselewly overhead athwart the broad band of snow-flec.Ked grey-blue sky. In a moment it was hidden Pgain. ' Keep still ; they were just turning.' For a while both were motionless, then Gra ham's companion stood up, and reaching towards the fastenings of the cable fumbled with some indistinct tackle. ' What is that ? ' asked Graham. The only answer was a faint cry. The man became motionless. Graham peered and saw his face dimly. He was staring down the long rib bon of sky, and Graham, following his eves, saw the flying machine small and faint and remote. Then he saw that the wings spread on either side, that it headed toward them, that every mo ment it grew larger. It was following the edge of the chasm towards him. The man's movements became con mlsive. He thrust two cross bars into Graham's hand. Gra ham could not see them, he ascertained their form by feeling. They were slung by thin cords tothecible. On the cord were hand grips of some soft elastic substance. 'Put tbe cross be tween your legs,' whispered the guide hysteri cally, ' and grip the holdfasts. Grip tightly. Grip ! ' Graham did as he was told. ' Jump,' said the voice. ' In Heaven's name, jump ! ' For one momentous second Graham could not speak. He was glad afterwards that darkness hid his face. He said nothing. He began to tremble violently. He looked sideways at th-i swift shadow) tbat swallowed up the sky, as it rushed upon him. 'Jump! Jump — in God's name. Or they will have us,' cried Graham's gu^de, and in the violence of his passion thrust him forward. Graham tottered convult-irely, gave a sobbing cry, a cry in *pite of himself, $nd then, as the flying machine swept over them, fell forward in to the pit of that darkness, se: ted on ihe cross wood and holding the ropes. Something cracked, something rapped smartly against a wall. He heard the pulley of the cradle hum on its rope. He heard the aeronauts shout. He feit a pair of knees digging into his back. He was sweeping headlong through the air, falling through the air, all his strength was in his hands. He would have screamed, but he had no breath. He shot into a blinding light tbat made him grip the tighter. He recognised the great pas sage with the running ways, the hanging lights and interfacing girders. They rushed upward and by him. He had a momentary impression of a great circular aperture yawning to swallow him up. He was in the dark again, falling, falling, grip ping with aching hands, and behold ! a clap of sound, a burst of light, and he was in a brightly lit hall with a roaring multitude of people beneath his feet. The people ! His people ! A prosce nium, a stage rushed up towards him, and' his cable swept down to a circular aperture to the right of this. He felt he was travelling slower, and suddenly very much slower. He distinguished shouts of ' Saved ! ' ' The Master. He is safe.' The stage rushed towards him with rapidly diminishing swiftness. Then ? . He heard the man clinging behind him shout as if suddenly terrified, and this shout was echoed by a shout from below. He felt that he was no longer gliding along the cable but falling with it. There was a tumult of yells, screams and cries. ' He felt something soft against his extended hand, and the impact of a broken fall quivering through his arm; . . . He wanted to be still and people were lifting him. He believe! afterwards he was carried to the platform and given some drink, but he was never sure. He did not notice what became of his guide. When his mind was clear again he was on his feet ; eager hands were assisting him to stand. He was in a bij; alcove, occupying the position that in his previous experience had been devoted to the lower boxes. If this was, indeed, a theatre. A mighty tumult was in his ears, a thunderous roar, the Bhouting of a countless multitude. ' It is the Sleeper 2 The Sleeper is with us ! ' ' : The Sleeper is with us ! ' The Master— the Owner ! The Master is with us. He is safe.' Graham had a surging vision of a great hall crowded with people. He saw no individuals,he was conscious of a froth of pink faces, of waring arms and garments, he felt the occult influence of a vast crowd pouring over him, buoying him up. There were balconies, galleries, great archways giving remoter perspective, and everywhere people, a vast area of people, densely packed and cheering. Across the nearer space, like a huge snake, lay the collapsed cable. It had been cut by the men of tbe flying machine at its upper end, and had crumpled down into the hall. Men seemed to be haul'ng this out of the way. But the whole effect was vague, the very buildings tb robbed and leapt with the roar of the voices. He stood unsteadily, and looked at those about him. Someone supported him by one arm. ' Let me go into a little room,' he said ; ' a little room.' And could say no more. A man in black stepped forward, took his disengaged arm. He was aware of officious men opening a door before him. ' Someone guided him to a feat. He sat dcwn heavily and covered bis face with his hands ; he was trembling violently, his nervous control was at an end. He was relieved of his cloak, ho could not remember bow : his purple hose be saw were black with wet. People were running about him, things were happening, but for some time he gave no heed to them. He bad escaped. A myriad cries told him that. He was safe. These were the people who were on his side. For a space he sobbed for breath, and then he sat still with his face covered. The air was full of the shouting of in numerable men. (To be continued.} 