THE NOVELIST. HUDSON'S BEST MAN A MILITARY INCIDENT. The Plymouth, express was really. doing her level best on her way to intercept the P and p. boat!; outward bound fotvJ£m-achi and Bombay. ' But it was much too' slow for one of her passengers, and as much too fast for 1 another who shared the carriage with him, and helped to litter it with the multifarious articles which. go to make up the kit of the British officer on foreign service. Too slow for George Smyth, who longed to get the journey TL over and find himself back amongst the little brown Ghurkas his soul loved and all the excitement of the Frontier Campaign. Too fast, much too fast, for young DickHodsou. his friend and fellow-officer, who had just left his promised wife on Paddington platform, and whose generally cheery face now wore a look of the most settled melancholy. * " Cheer up, Dick !" Smyth said at last, throwing down his paper ; saying is good-byes a poor amusement, but we've all got to get through it sometimes. And I've only promised her six months at the outside to get the trousseau ready." Dick smiled mournfully. "Easy enough for you, old bachelor,' he said " but you simply don't know what good-bye means. Just wait till you're in my place !" The elder man picked up his paper, again with an odd little twisted smile. " Perhaps I don't, Dick," he said, and disappeared once more behind the Times. But presently, when Dick' was once more completely absorbed in a blind con- templation of the landscape, Smyth quietly brought out of his pocket a small gold locket carefully encased in wash leather. For quite a long time he looked down at a bright girlish face which smiled at him as one within. - Then he closed the locket and put it softly to his v lips "I'll bring him back, dear," he L whispered, " or stay out there myself." r He said the locket back into its resting place, and walked across the carriage. ."-Wakenup, old boy !"' he said, putting his and of Dick's shoulders"-" she'll be ¡A proud as Punch of that D.S.O. which is r waiting for you out there ! And think how it will look in the paper' On the ss and so inst., at St. George's, Hanover ' square,' or whatever sanctuary you may select for the honour. ' Captain Richard Hodson, D.S.O., to Margaret, only daughter," etc., etc.! Hodson smiled. " Yes, and don't you forget another important item in the re ' port-' Captain, or Major it will be then George Smyth performed all the arduous * duties of best man with his usual courtesy and elegance we're not going to have that left out, I can tell you, though I believe even now you're think- ing how to get out of it !" 1 ' "Not for worlds, Dick! If I've to bring the Mad Mullah himself along at the end ot*vpTO,'i'>M1#o1ing to be OBE the? spot to sée*yWtw¿-fixed up."' " .- } George?" " Yes." "What beats me is how you, who knew her ever since she was a girl, could help falling in love with her yourself ?" -. -. Smyth's bronzed face flushed slightly. "Don't know, old man," he said at last, " but I think Nature cut me out for an old bachelor somehow. Hullo ! here we are jCrotj-your traps ready P'?" Tang! Thud! and a bullet ripped through the side of the tent and into the pole loot. " Confound it all. !" came in a sleepy grumble from the darkness, " that's a bit i too much is' Scamp bedstead creaked thankfully, and next moment a head was thrust out of the tent. The Indian moon was full, and the lines of the British camp stood out as clear as day light in the hollow. All around it the black mountains rose like the sides of a huge chipped bowl. But just now the bowl's brim was twinkling with little sparks of fire which kept flashing out at odd intervals, causing grievous wrath and evil-speaking among the sleepless men. For each spark meant a wily sniper snugly lying under cover, with a civilised rifle at his shoulder, and the big white camp beneath him in the distance as a target which even an Afridi sharpshooter could hardly miss. Lang Another bullet sang by-over- head this time-and the flash which heralded it had sparkled from a spur of rock scarcely 800 yards away. The watcher, marked the spot. '* We could cut that fellow off, anyhow!" he muttered, as he dived back into the tent. "I wonder if Soayth's awaken" In a couple of minutes he stepped out into the moonlight, strapping a revolver , round his waist, and hurried to a tent at the end of the, line. He squeezed his head inside the flap and whistled softly. " Who's there ?" asked a gruff voice. The visitor untied the fastening at last and slipped inside. "It's I, Hodson," Le said " wake up I've got a game on that will suit you nicely." The owner of the tent sat up grumb- ling, and struck a match. " BLullo.Dick," he said sleepily ; " what on earth is up P" "That!" said Hodson, as another bullet whistled through the air. " That fellow's down below the ridge making fancy shooting at eight hundred. He is right out by himself, and it's a lovely chance for a really neat bit of stalking. So just get into your boots and come along quick." "Dont be a fool, Dick! Why can't you stay in bed and try and get some sleep you'll want it to-morrow. Besides, he won't hit, anything !" . ^'-Won't^he, by Jove! He's got the range, and put a shot bang into my tent I'm going, anyhow. I've had about enough of him, and the men can't get any sleep with these brutes peppering away all night. So good-night, if you won't come." ' Smyth saw his friend's figure blacken in the doorway. Then for one hateful instant temptation surged up hot within him to let him go alone. There was danger, and he might not return. Then The moment passed. But it left the sweat standing on his forehead. He sprang up with a jerk. * , " Dick !" he shouted, and hardly knew J the voice for his own. The steps returned, and Dick's head was thrust in again. " Hullo !" he said; " I thought you'd want to, come, after all. Good !" " Well, wait a bit !" Smyth growled. " If you really won't leave the poor hares , less beggar alone, I suppose I must come and look after you. My ' best man' duties beginning already," he muttered, struggling into his-boots. Presently the two men stole out of the tent, and stood for a moment in the shadow behind. " Mark forward!". Dick chuckled slip a ' partly, as another flash: came from the spur. The bullet sang overhead. " He's lost his elevation, though !" The sentry grinned as they gave the countersign. " 'Ope they'll nip the beggar," he said, as he watched them creeping cautiously across the open ground towards the cliffs. "'B'sii precious sight too near the target, 'e is !" Half-hour hour's breathless climb landed them panting, out comparatively intact, at the top of the spur. . "Where is he?" Hodson whispered. And the question was answered next 1 moment by a shot which rang out almost at their very feet. Hodson wriggled cautiously to the page and peered over. Thirty feet below, | V and apparently suspended over space, be shade out the Lead and shoulders of a white figure, lying flat on its stomach; the rest of the body was hidden by a bulge in the cliff face. Presently, as they watched, the figure moved, and a well-oiled rifle barrel glistened in the moonlight. Smyth nodded, and Hodson's hand crept noiselessly to his belt, and then slowly, very slowly, his arm stretched downwards over the edge. This time the report which rang out was crisper than its predecessors, and punctuated with a short, choking grant from below. The white form stiffened for an instant on its elbows, and then collapsed limply. "No more pot-shots for you, my friend!" And Hodson turned-to find Smyth, with his back towards him, staring intently down the path they had just climbed. " Look there !" And Hodson looked. What he saw was not reassuring. Two hundred yards away a score of dim figures were climbing like cats over the rocks towards them. '* Have they seen us ?" " No I don't think so ; but they heard your,shot-and there's no cover here." '* Good God !" Look there !" , Puyther up and taking a slanting course along the crest, were more mov- ing specks. Their second line of retreat was cut off now. Smyth spun round again on his stomach, to the cliff's edge. .' Just a chance," he muttered, half to himself, "if we can get there !" They crawled along the edge, looking for the place where the man had gone down. They found it-a narrow crack in the cliff's face. Somehow at last they reached a narrow broken shelf beneath their feet. They edged perilously along, Smyth first, until the edge ended abruptly round a sudden corner in a narrow jutting platform. A white heap lay there with brown arms sticking out stiffly over the edge. They crouched back against the overhanging rock. Smyth glanced upwards. " They can't see us here if we' keep back," he said and then eyed the dead man curiously. Suddenly he bent forward, and straddling over the body, lifted it slightly and unfastened a stiff cartridge box from the waist belt. "With this he quickly propped up the heavy head, fixing the box under neck and chin. Then he bent the stiffening arms and fingers to hold the rifle again, ramming the, butt home under the shoulder. When it was done the dead man at their feet lay once more aiming straight over, the camp. Suddenly they heard voices on the cliff above and someone spoke angrily " Fools and the sons of fools ! it is he then only, even as I said !" and then called down over the edge, Good, O my son ! What quarry for thy hunting, little hawk ?" , Smyth grasped the dead man's ankles and stirred the body slightly. " A fair mark, my father," he answered gruffly, in the same tongue, and waited, silent. "Hast a dry throat from thy watching," came the answer, slowly. Then another voice broke in excitedly, but no words reached them. Then a short pause. Suddenly a small stone dropped past the dead man's head, and then another, better armed, rattled on the barrel of the rifle. " No go, after all," Smyth said and with a quick thrust at the feet sent the body over the ledge. " More room now -how many rounds have you got?" " Belt full," was the answer. "Good! we'll hold them yet." Then he drew his revolver and fired six times quickly, signalling the sleeping camp. The enemy gave no sign. But at last a soft sliding sound struck on the strain- ing ears of the besieged. Inch by inch a dark head edged forward round the corner. Then the white shoulders. But Hodson was watching. In a second a tall figure stood upright, clingingly convulsively to the rock with clutching fingers, and then fell headlong. A dull crash came up through the quivering air. " They can come that way as often as they like," Hodson said, grimly as the smoke cleared. " Hurrah ! look there !"' Lights were flashing to and fro in the camp. " We shall win through yet, George." Smyth grasped the outstretched hand. " Please God, old man !" he said-but on the words came a flash from the far cliff and a bullet chipped off a bit of rock behind them. " No, Dick, we're done ; they've got us safe after all !" "Lie down !" Smyth said, sternly, as another bullet bit into the rock. "Not I old man," for there was no room for both to lie in the shadow. Another shot came, and this time the aim was better. Hodson finished forward. " It's nothing," he said, faintly ; " only the shoulder I'm alright." "Ah! that's better, old boy," said Smyth, as Hodson collapsed in a dead faint. "Now God grant me two minutes." He thrust his hand inside Hodson's tunic, and felt the blood trickling fast from a jagged wound low down in the right shoulder. Then he hurriedly made a rough pad of" his handkerchief and pressed it over the wound, fastening his belt round tightly over it to keep the pad in its place. Ballets spluttered on the rock around him, but God gave him his two minutes. He laid Hodson down full length in the dark angle of the rock. His left hand groped inside his tunic and pulled out a little gold locket fastened by a chain round his neck, " I shan't bring him back, after all," he muttered "but he'll get back-all right-if they're only quick." He pressed the locket to his lips for an instant tightly. Then a bullet took him full in the chest. He swayed a little, but still knelt up in front of Hodson's body, clinging dizzily to the rock with his left hand until he steadied himself. Then he unfastened the locket, and, sinking back, thrust it into Dick's clenched hand, " Better there," he whispered, and tried to kneel up again but another shot hit him, and then a third. He fell back just as a scattered volley rang out overhead. " They've been quick," he gasped, "but-too late-for me." Then he nerved himself to a supreme effort, and shouting " Guides ! Guides !" fell backwards on Hodson's body. He just opened his eyes when the rescuers got them to the top. The officer who supported him was quick to answer the unspoken question-" Hodson's safe," he said. For a moment the glazing eyes brightened, and the ghost of a smile flitted across the drawn face. His lips moved. _ " Tell him to get someone else," came faintly. Then his head dropped forward. Hodson's " Best Man " had failed him after all Harms worth's Magazine. 