THE GHOST OF SANDY BAY. On New Tear'i Might a rather unusual etperienoe befel fonr young fellows, who were proceeding homewards at whit hour (he ' ohuroh-yardi yawn,' etc. To hint for a moment that the; na4 been indulging 'Hot wisely but too well ' wonld .bs im propsr, seeing (bat I bave it on the best authority,— their own— that 'there was nothing of the kind.' They had had a few drinks, but were 'perfectly sober,' and were whiling away their jaunt homeward in conversation Of tbat deeply intonating ohamoter which is usual on euoh occasions. One part of their journey is somewhat lonely, even earlier than (be hour at which they were abroad; and on this aacuioB, tbe night being d.-irk and the silence very pro nounced, our gullants were jnet a little bit ' impressed,' and the conversation aooord inf.ly grew less animatul. I might sajr that the spot is in the vicinity of a graveyerd, and perhaps this had something to do with what followed. Anyhow, a shadowy white 6gure suddenly rose inside the fence, and began moving along. Wuat's that t' asked . one of tue party, and as Boon w ail eyes could be got to gate steadily at 'it,' a blood-curdling voioe jerked out 'aghoatl' A wild stampede at once began. One member of tbe party ran towards a leaping fence, wrenobeatwo or thfee of tbe palings' off, lay down on the footpath and covered himself over with tha timber. A seoond made a bee line for the nearest lamp poet, whioh he clutched with ? desperateness no aotor oould hope to imitate, in the belief that ' in light there was safety from snob supernatural visitors;' and the third lost no time in calcjlahng the distance between the ' ghost ' and a handy clamp of briars, where he alighted ia 0 state ot OoUapse. The fourth is the last to oe spoken of, bnt fae certainly was not in the tear when it wms resolved, without duoassipu.tg let the ghost 'ha/e it to himself.' .-Si. tini* home istis best on record ( in fact, be displayed *turo of speed whioh bis friends are determined to utilise to their advantage, as well as bis own, at tbe first athletic fathering held anywhere within 68 mile* ot the capital: The othar members of the party, after a pretty JoJe interval, came out from their hiding places, and one, fcraver than the rest, determined to investigate the spiritual phenomena, whioh be did with great jnautioD, and found that (be ghost was still there and gazing at him with eyes fall of wondering pity. He (our friend, not the gnoet) managed to pick up a stone and hurf it with an aim that no girl booldjmprove npon, and the ghost ' bopped down'.' For behold, it was nothing tut a large white Tom, who bad come oat to sfte Mary Ann. And all the week it has been nnsafe for any small boy of Sandy Bay to ejaculate 'Heeow I' within earshot of oar gallant heroes, ? — Pdssy. 