ROW OYER A CIGARETTE. The new boarder in the fourth floor front oonoluded that she would smoke a cigarette. Not that she cared at all for cigarettes. Oh the oontrary, she.dislikejthnm, ' The smoke got in her eyes and made the tears come, it got down her throat and strangled her, besides whioh the odour permeated her /clothing and stayed there. She was merely smoking this oigarette to see what would happen; This was ' what happened;— Bridget, the chambermaid)?coming into the room, to make the bed, promptly discerned the pernicious odour of tht little oigarette. Then, spying stealthily/around, she found the end of the cigarette /reposing upon the corner of the mantelpiece. ' That was enough. She went about straightening the room in an ominous silenoe. When her iwork was done she went into the fourth floor jback. ' There do be ourious things a-goin' on in the next room to tbis, ma'am,' she to the woman who sat by the window 'embroidering. ,/ ? Carious things ! Faith, ran' that's phwat I'm afther tellin' of ye.' ' WLht in the world do you mean, Bridget P jasked tiie /woman, sticking/ hep "needle straight intirher'fhumb instead of into her iembroidery; ' Whatift/that-a gqing pnr' i Bedad, it's the new boarder, 'ina'airi.' Bridget went on in a hoarse whisper. 'It's khe that's afther shmokin' a cigaroot in her room, and that's phwat'a the matter. Faith, an ain't it enough, ma'am? A lady a-shmokin' of a oigariDot:ih her room !' \- The woman pushed Bridget aside and sped put of the room. She made her way to the third floor front. Well, what is the matter P' asked the third floor front, who was busily- engaged in washing out her handkerchiefs and pasting them up against /the window pane to "dry. 'If you only. knew !' ' Tell me, then, quick. Has there been a row in the house and I not in it P If there has it's the first.' ' Right you are, but it isn't a row this time. What do you sup- pose is happening inf this . very hohse this very minuter Thb hew boarder is smoking oigars a foot long in her room upstairs— a foot long, those stogies. That is what yon call them, isn't it? Yes. . Stogies.' 1« What!' screamed the third - floor front. It's the gospel truth.-. /Bridget told me.' The handkerchiefs all feB off, the window- pane to ' the $por. XQ& third - fitter front, leaving :tbemAthere, to the. wmnan and grasped/-- bqr the arte. ' Came-she ex- blaimed , > let's go : and' tell the third floor baok; "/If she" finds' "ouE 'fhere is anything going on in this house that .she don't, know kbont she will, drop dead. We. don't want a funeral.'; - ' , „ ; . Together they hastened to the third floor back. Tne occupant of- the room was comb ing her back hair- preparatory to .doingii, up. iuaTflyohe kpt. ..:,Whfttte>;yqu_/think,iar happening ?/ \they "criedr/in one voioa. -.-The the' third, floor j)ackitopk ner- hterpjiia i -put - oL her- mouth, lobKed--GSlifc' /l" canX SSp=ide///5'ht F/; 'Sometiung/ awful, Vth6y declareii," both.taiking- together- ' The new boarder in .the f om/hiron t-flopr is Smoking -pipe. .Think of . that steokipg a pipe , .in .a :hqut(c Isn't -it. a sin and/a shame? . Isn't it dis- irracafTit iv ' Axe you sore ?! . demanded the third floor hack. ' Of course,' they asserted. 4 Bridget , told it to , the fourth floor back. It's the . solemn trufih. Wo. give you our Word of;, honour. The third -floor back scattered her- hairpins recklessly over her dressing table.- f, We'll go and tell it to tbe second floor- front,' said she. ' I'd j ast hke to. know .what qhe thinks of it. . A sname and a disgrace !- WelLF ehould think so. The -girl onght-tpbe fl-edout of "the house- this - very miuute,-- Tnat's what she should - . be !'_ She led --She. prpcessiqn; ,.her hq -r streaming down her baok; to the-scoond floor front.- 4 The new boarder upstairs is smoking a pipe,' they said; 4 Not only that, butshe's got cigarettes and, cigars and cheroots all overthe room- everywhere, on the table® and bctekoases and whatkhots.' The -mantelpiece : is fulldf them;' Even the walls are festooned ' with tobacco leaves brought from _ wherever she oomea from and hung up instead oi piotores.' When th' y had paused for breath j the second floor front got in a word edge ways. 4 That girl always did have a queer look to me,' she said, pressing her lipa to- gather. 4 1 spotted her the minute I laid eyes on her, the very minute she put her.foot in house. I Baid then, 4We'll hear from her yet' They were my very words. And now it has come sooner than even I ex pected. I know what I am going to do.' 4 What P' gasped the others. 4 1 am going to the landlady and have her put out. That is what I am goiog to do. Smoking pipes in a decent houee in a decent neighbourhood!' They hastened downstairs. On their way -they encountered the oooupant of the back parlour/who appeared to be surprised to see them all together so early in the morning. 4 Would you believe it,' said the second floor baok, 4 the new boarder upstairs is sitting in her. room right this minute smoking a pipe, with oigars and tobacco and everything smokable under : the sun around her I The room is so thiok with tobaooo smoke that you oonld out it with a knife. Taink of a young girl like that smoking. It wouldn't sur prise me one "bit if he , was ah opium fiend !' : 4 That is just it. She is an opium fiend,' ihey reiterated in an awed whisper. The baok parlour at last found sufficient strength to lift up her hands in holy horror. ' An opium fiend in this house,' she groaned. 4 .Well, she will not stay in it long ; we will have her. put out./ She goes, bag and. bag- : gage, or we go. The landlady may. pay her money and take her choice.' The landlady was quietly hemming nap kins wben they marohed into her. 4 Now, look here,' said the second floor front, shak ing a trembling forefinger in her 'faoe. 4 We are 311 going to paok.ohr trunks and. leave this place is doable qaiok time unless yon fire that new boarder on the fourth floor.' : . 4 Why, what has she done ?' demanded the landlady. 4 She is up in her room/ now, sitting oross-legged in the middle of the room, dressed in Tarkish trousers, smoking a pipe.' 4 My land?' exclaimedthe land lady. 4 Is that true ?' 4 Certain of it. - Tell her to go, or we go.' 4 Of coarse, if it is So, she must go,' sighed the landlady. ; Shelaid aside her' work and went upstairs, folio w Gu by tu6 otu6fS| &Qu; 8&0 . Jsnookou &t; the new boarder's door. 4 Come in,' said the new; boarder. The (landlady went in and : looked around; There was not the ghost of a nargileh, not a' single opiate fame,' and if ' the girl had been: dressed in Turkish trousers she had. the ability :of a lightning ohange artist, to costume herself while yon wait. She rose and politely requested the landlady/ to he seated. The landlady took a ohair and sat down.. . She beamed upon the new boarder. 4 It is a nice morning ?' 4It is,' replied the new- boarder. 4 How do yon like yonr room ?' asked, the landlady. 4 Yery muoh indeed,' said' the girl. ' That rng in front of the /dressing table looks a little bit frayed,' said /the landlady. Adding a few nnimportant remarks, she rose to . go. 4 Won't yon stay a little longer ?' asked the new boarder. . 4 No)' thank yon. I just came in to see how yoh were getting along. Good morning,' said the landlady. 4 Good morning,' said the new boarder, and when the door had closed upon her she listened a moment to the excited explanation going on in .whispers outside, then,, walking to the window, stood there smiling all to herself. She had not been born the day before. She knew exactly what' had happened. 