PflroCBSS OPEBA CO. THE PROPRIETRESS'S BANKRUPTCY. EXAMINED BY THE OFFICIAL ASSIGNEE: Examined by her official assignee (Mr. W. H# Palmer) before the Registrar in Bankruptcy yes. terday, . Emma Carroll, otherwise known fls Emma 'WangenheitB, said she was married, her husband's name being Joseph Austin Carroll. She bad been connected with the theatrical pro fession over twenty years, and for the last twelve had been in the habit of going through tbe colony as proprietress of a theatrical company known as th« Princess Opera Company, which travelled through the principal towns. She was bankrupt about nine years ago. She was then married, and the bankruptcy was a joint one with her husband. ' A certificate of discharge was obtained in that bankruptcy. Her present bank ruptcy t7bs caused by the illness of tiro or three . of the principals' of the eampany, the drought, and the unreliability of her principal tenor, Sydney Ealfe, the petitioning creditor. On the laat tonr the company produced ' GirofleGirc fla,' ' Manola,' ' Marit Ana,' and ' Brigands.' She paid no royalties for producing thoae operas. When she came back to Sydney after the com pany disbanded Mr. Leo Morris told- her she would have te pay royalties on ?? Manola.' Some, time. ago he gave her a list of a number of operas upon which royalty was payable, but ' Manola '( was not among them. Whsn she went on the la it' tonr (he was not a were that ' Manola' was copy righted. Morris asked her to make an offer to hiimprith. respect to the royalty on ' Manola/' but she was unable to do bo, as tbe business had been too bad. Besides being pro prietress ot the opera company she also took part in the performances. The company numbered about fourteen or fit teen persons, and the prin ciples were supposed to receive tbeir salaries every week. The other members of the company expaeted to be paid every week. On the last tour she lost her c -pital in seven or eight weeks, hut the company were quite willing to go on and dv.pend entirely on toe business tor their salaries, it, wae a usual thing for theatrical employees to share the risks. Su-h a thing never happened to her before. She engaged the princi pal tenor, Ealfe, about March, 1898, at a . salary of £7 per week for as long as the tour lasted. His salary got into arrears, and the tour came to an end at Narrabri in Augnst last, when fialie refused to play any more. Without a tenor, of course, they could not get on, and the company disbanded. She came to Sydney,; and had been doing nothing since. She and her husband were living in lodgings, and she had to depend on her mother, who allowed her enough to cover expenses. Wten the company disbanded she owed Ealfe between .£50 and .£60. He sued her about four or fire months ago in the Supjeme Court, and got a judgment against her, after which he took proceedings against her and made her bank_ rupt. They opened in Narrabri with ' The Bri gands,' but Ealfe refused to appear unless she gave him and two or three other members cf the company the 'house.' Two or three of the members' salaries were then in arrears; the smaller salaries were always paid. She gave Ealfe che 'house' and divided the proceeds among thtee of them, when the performance went on. The following night Kalfe again. re- iused to go on under any conditions. Her hus band accompanied her on the first part of the last tour as business manager, bookkeeper, and leaking after the 'front of the house;' the latter part of the tour he was in Sydney engaging another tenor in place of Ealfe. He secured one, who was to join the company at Moree, but wben Kalfe refused to go on she was forced to disband the company. Excepting Ealfe, no other member of the company had taken proceedings against her. In all her previous tours in New South Wales the salaries had always been paid in full — in fact, ' the ghost walked regularly.' She had only one season in Queensland about nine years ago, which was the cause of her former b^nko rnptcy. The company was very large, and the tour was a failure. Her grandmother's name was Mrs. James Simmons, who died a very we .lthy woman about ion or twelve years ago. As far as she knew, she had no interest in her grandmother's estate. Her father's name was (ins. Wangenkeim, who died about fourteen or fifteen years ago, without, as far as she knew, leaving any estate. IT hen she came baek irons Narrabri sbe had some jewellery, which ioclwaed three diamond rings. One of .the ring* lelonged to her motner, to whom she returned it; the other two had to be pawned about ten months ago. They were pawned by a friend of hers, and she had not been able to keep the interest on them paid up. For the past twelve months she had not played cards more than onc9 a week on an average. ' Before then she used to play two or three times a week, but she never lost much, as she only played small games — '61 or Is a dozen.' During the past five years she had never lost more than £2, nor had she £ver won more than a couple of pounds. Her bankruptcy had in no way been canted by card playing. She played ' Falka ' under the nams of ' Brigands ' because in the op6ra of 'Falka' one of ihe characters was a priest, and tne Catholics would not go to see it. In tbe ' brigands ' she altered the character of the priest to that of a tutor. She did not alter the name of the opera for the purpose of escaping the royalties. She had advertised the piece under the name of ' La Tzigani ' once or twicev She paid -Mr. Eigaold royalties for the opera about nine years ago, but he had never claimed them since, and 'naturally she nerer paid them.' On the application of the official awigne* the ex 'animation was adjourned te the 22nd instant. 