A MAN AND HIS MONEY. CHAPTER VII. " We shall be late !" exclaimed Captain Renton, laughing. " How long does it take you to dress ?" " I ?" answered Fay. " Ah, you see, I am independent ; it does not matter about me. I have my dinner upstairs, and so can have it when I like. Don't you wish," she said naively, " that you could, too ?" " A good idea ! I declare I will !" he said eagerly. But she only laughingly shook her head, and ran up-stairs. Rex was not long dressing ; but fish was just being taken away when he entered the dining-room. He apologised profusely - he was very sorry for his rudeness ; but he obtained no response from the head of the table, Mr. Renton went on eating, his face black with scowls, while his wife's countenance wore a weary and a troubled look. Rex shrugged his shoulders, sat down between Maud and his aunt, and began to tell the former about his visits. Instantly every face present assumed a different aspect. It was certainly most outrageous to be so late, but if he had been detained at the castle - well, that was quite a different matter. For some reason or other, Captain Renton did not find it necessary to mention the meeting on the cliff, nor the walk home afterwards. " A dance ?" cried Maud. " A dance at the castle ? Ah, but I am afraid they won't ask us !" " On the contrary," said Rex, " Lady Roxley sent a special messenger to you, and said the invitations would be out next week." The news was received with a shriek ; even Mr. Renton's face relaxed, and he asked his nephew if he would take any more lamb in a most genial voice. Rex was quite forgiven. He decided, too, on his way to bed that the pressing telegram ; summoning him to town might wait a few days longer. Though Henry Renton did not believe in old Pete's ghost, he thought it better to investigate the matter, and find what had given rise to the tale ; and to do this it would be necessary to spend a night at the Yews. He did not say anything to anybody, but at 10 o'clock that night he slipped out. A half-moon was holding her sway in the heavens, and the sky was as cloudless as it had been a few hours before, when the sun had dipped down behind the sea, reflecting crimson lights on the faces of Rex and Fay as they stood together on the cliff. It was not a very pleasant evening on which to visit the deserted house, for deceptive shadows lurked by the wayside, and Mr. Renton gave many a furtive look as he went along. The avenue of yews looked even darker and more gloomy in the moonilght as the solicitor closed the iron gates behind him, and turned the key in the lock. He proceeded to walk towards the house, when something made him stop abruptly, and his heart stood still. What was this thing wending its way in and out through the trees, its long white draperies catching the moonilght here and there - gliding, so it seemed to him, with a sick foreboding, straight in his direction. In that moment of terror, a thousand thoughts assailed him. If he could only get away - away from the avenue, and out of the gates before it - this horrible thing - approached him ! But his feet remained glued to the spot, and his breath came in short, quick gasps. It was coming nearer - it would touch him directly. He could see the black, hollow eyes, set with Death's grim smile,, and - good Heavens ! \- the eyes were turned on him, and - and -- There was a buzzing in his ears, and a sudden dizziness came over him. The spectre seemed to dance up and down before his terror-glazed eyes, and the ghastly smile seemed to widen - widen on that deathlike countenance. Renton staggered, caught at a tree for support, but missing it, fell, a senseless mass in the middle of the avenue. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * How long he remained there he did not know. With a shuddering sigh he came to life and looked around him. It was dark now, for the moon had sunk low, and her ebbing radiance was lost behind a cloud. His eyes, dazed, looked fearfully round, but all was gloomy and silent. That ghastly spectacle had disappeared. With an effort he pulled himself up, and tottered down the avenue to the gates. Here he had to rest a minute or two for support ; but it was only for a moment. A feverish desire came over him to reach home, so that his absence should not be noticed. And, fortunately for him, no questions were asked. For often he would sit up late in his study reading, and Mrs Renton would have no idea when he came to bed. But she did wonder a little at his ready acquiescence to stay at home the following day. His haggard, drawn, appearance made her suggest it, and he assented at once. His nerves had been greatly upset, and he felt he needed a little rest. This decision made his wife even more alarmed. " I am afraid you are ill," she said anxiously. But he shook off her hands from his arm impatiently. " I'm all right !" he snapped. " I have a headache - that's all ! Women always think one's dying at the least thing !" '' He is pale," remarked Rex, as his uncle closed the door behind him. " Looks as if he had seen a ghost !" cried Philip, with his loud, slighting laugh, as he rose and pushed his chair from the table. 