SUNDAY READING. THE STRENGTH OF THE HILLS. CBv Rev. Walter A. Mursell.) "The strength of the lriHs is His also."—'Psalm xcv-., 4. It has ahvays been a favorite and charac teristic'thought in poetry that nature is one of the various manifestations of God; and nowhere do we find that thought ex pressed with grea/ter emphasis or fre quency and in sweeter music than in the poetry of the Bible. The religious mind has hastened to give to nature a religious significance, and has found in the beauty of the earth and the glory of the skies a perennial source of inspiration. In the quid; resting-places of nature—her great i solitudes, her solemn silences, her scenes of peace and grandeur—man has found a medicine for his body and a balm for his mind; and from her garment's -hem there has flowed such heading power, that man has believed it to be the vestiture of God. Although the strain of natural poetry is not so strong in modern as in ancient days, yet the annual exodus from town to .country, from the crowded city to the breezy coast, is evidence of the fact- that we still appreciate the rest and stimu lus that nature gives; and here and there, perhaps we may yet find some who, like Moses, will turn aside to see some great sight—and who obtain a hint of God in the colors of a sunset, or heiar the sound of His going in the wind, or read His kind ness in the gift of flowers. Each man must get what he can out of the landscape.' We shall have spent a poor holiday if we have brought home no more • than the bronze upon our faces, or even a sheaf of happy memories to gladden the harvest of the quiet eye—that inward eye which is the bliss of solitude. The sound of the sea, the waving woods, the lonely loch, the strength of the hills, have done little for us if they have only put new vigor into : our bodies and have not touched our minds to finer issues, or. awakened a new music in our hearts, or purified and quickened our imaginations, or afforded at least a gleam, a hint, a suggestion of the divine. If we are none the better inwardly, then the summer has but served to make us healthier animals; the pageant of the year has left us poorer men if it has not taught us that the heavens still declare the glory! of God, or the yet deeper wisdom that the Father knows and cares even for the falling of a sparrow. _ .From a scientific point of view the universe is great, hut from a religious point 6f view it is infi nitely greater. May not the two prove eventually to be almost one? May not theology, properly interpreted and under stood, b.e the all- inclusive science? A man may thmk he has found his heaven in physical facts, and that nothing short of optical demonstration should satisfy a rational being, but his is a limited sort of paradise, and somewhat cold withal; and it may be that insight will know more than eyesight, and that the despised poet and the stoned prophet hold the true key of the universe in their hands. Let ns not, there fore, be ashamed to gather around a man who tells us that the deep places of the earth are in the hands of God, and the strength of the hills is His also. THE MEN OP THE HIMiS. There is something abou the hill-country which seems to make for strength of char acter. The men who live in the heart of the hills often have a breadth, a sturdi ness, a vigor, a solidity about them which is foreign to those who dwell in cities. And in spite of a rough exterior they have an innate refinement which sets them in the. company of nature's noblemen. En vironment has its part to play in the his tory of mankind. Beautiful surroundings do not necessarily make beautiful charac ters, but those- whose lot is east amid such surroundings certainly have something in their favor. The men of old time were justly proud of the mountains which were round about Jerusalem, and they sang of them with full hearts, and immortalised them in many a noble psalm. The moun tains played a prominent part in their national history. Hermon, Nebo, Leba non, Olivet—each of them is associated with some famous scene, some memor able event, and it is no wonder that these famous hills were regarded with a religious awe, and were celebrated in national song, and became dear to the heart of every patriot. I envy the men who live among the hills. The - county of Cambridgeshire is so flat that it is said that if you stand upon a brick you can see over the whole county. Who could write a psalm about a country like that? There is something infinitely more sug gestive in the' strength of the hills. I think I could get a nobler religion out of the hills than out of the plain. Let us look at the hills for a moment in their religious suggestiveness. "The strength of the hills is His also." The characteristics of the things made are characteristic of their Maker. What therefore I find sug gestive in the hills I find suggestive _ of God. What is the strength of the hills? It is not mere bulk, size, hugeness of form, massiveness of outline. Strength is not one characteristic; it is a combination of characteristics. Strength is a harmony of various elements. As . I wandered among the hills during the last few weeks this text kept constantly recurring in my mind, and I asked myself in what does the strength of the hills consist? There are at least four elements which may prove re ligiously suggestive and helpful. The first of these is Beauty.. THE BEAUTY OP THE HHJLS. Who can fell to be moved by the beauty of the hills? To see their green slopes speckled with sheep; the grey crag peep ing out here and there like a hoary battle ment; the purple heather, making a feast of color; the huge boulder, poised upon some dizzy eminence, seeming to threaten destruction to the venturesome climber: the cloud-shadows passing like swift and silent ghosts along tbe_ frowning steeps; is not all this an impressive exhibition in the picture-gallery of nature, open every day, and free of charge? And the thought of the psalmist is this—that the beauty of the hills is in reality a beauty of God; that all this panorama of living loveliness is an indication of the loveliness of the divine character. A religion without beauty has no touch of divinity about it. To see the attractiveness, the allurement of true re ligion we must go to the New Testament. The semi-pagan terror which appeare so often in the Old Testamentis absent from the winsome pages of the New. The life of Jesus has changed our thoughts of God, and shown Him as one supremely worthy to he loved. The God of the Christian is like Jesus Christ. And having sard that, have we not touched the very spnngs of beauty, the fountain of all loveliness..There is no more beautiful hook m the world than the Gospel by St. Luke, even if you regard it only in the light of a lirerary composi tion. But to him who finds in it the revelation of a life which represents the Heart that heats at the hack of the universe—to him who feels in the history of Jesus the deepest and tenderest appeal ever made to his spiritual nature—to him who sees in Christ the power of God and the" wisdom of God—the Gospel will be much more than a beautiful writing, mucn more than a transcendent work of human genius—it will briug him face to face with the force that makes beauty of character, the spiritual influence which moulds noble men and women out of the elements of penitence and faith and love. For what purpose does every true-hearted worahm per come into the sanctuary Sabbath by Sabbath? Is it not that he may see the beauty of the Lord, and that he may en quire in His temple? And what is the prayer that such a worshipper instinctive ly offers? Is it not, And let tne beauty of the Lord our God he upon us. ^ esJ for it is only when we see the character of God in Christ Jesus that we know for the first time the full meaning and significance of the beauty of holiness, and feel in to he the most desirable of all possessions. the permanence OF THE HILLS. A second element in tihe etrength o the hills is Permanence. Who that has looked thoughtfully upon the mountains could imagine anything more typical of the immovable? Their sunless pillars are sunk so deep in earto toat we cannot dream of their being moved out of their place; the idea of the fugitive and the transient is excluded as we contemplate the fixity of the hills. An old Testa ment writer indeed has made toem an image of permanence when he sajs that sooner than imagine that the kindn^a of God can pass away, or that the mercy of the eternal can cease, the very moun tains shall pass and the hills be removed. But even as he regards the one impossible so he is sure that the character.of God is fixed and unchangeable for ever. In this way does nature become one of our best religious teachers. The hills speak to us of the permanence of the Divine. A fickle God would be worse than none at all. A God whose principles of action were continually changing would be the terror, and not the inspiration of bis worshippers. It is in the life ana heart of man that the -changes take place. So constant is toe ebb and 'flow of events—so swiftly do the scenes shift, so suddenly may toe Whole course of a life he altered-—so awesome and so frequent are the changes on toe narrow ^bage -of time—that we are only too thankful to embrace a doctrine which wives us a sense of stability in toe ever Tasting love of God. It would make for madness / if we could not counterbalance the flux of time with jtfce yeara of jtoe right hand of the Most High. It would create a sense of despair in the .heart if We could not contemplate the permanence ' of that which is divine. Thei whole, direction of our thought to-day is towardi the things which cannot be - ehaien. Man craves for something , that abide*. Amid 'the failure of his projects,' the withering of his hopes, the- transience of his influence, the passing of the ' livee he has known and loved into the unseen, he feels that • he must have a rock of eternal truth to stand on if he does not widh 'to be swallowed up in the, dark waters of experience or the rushing river of death. Give me something that lasts, show me something that abides, let me have something I may keep for ever, and I will kiss the hand of my benefactor and offer him the poor tribute of my heart's love and my life's service. Some how I think I have found that permanent thing, that thing which cannot be shaken, I want to shed away the mere excres cences of my faith, ancl to pin myself down to what I can trust when all the waves and billows go over my head. Jesus Christ has given me a greater • sense of trustworthiness and perman ence than anyone I know, and I think the reason is that He is the express imago of the person of God. There is only ona thing that abides—and it is character. There is only one thing that can make character—and it is love. There is .but one man who lasts and keeps young throughout the . centuries—"he that doeth the will of God abideth for ever." THE ATMOSPHERE OP THE HILLS. A third element in the strength of the hills is Atmosphere. Why did your doctor send you away to the hills? It was to get change of air. That is it. He wanted you to get some of that mountain breeze into your wasted lungs; he knew that if he could get you away into that bracing ozone it would be better than all the pilk . and mixtures. The air of the hills is a tonic. Talk of appetite—why, you never knew what it was until you went among the mountains; then the provisions van ished and the bread ran short. The at mosphere ought to be an element in ypur religion. A religion without atmosphere is like a picture without perspective, dull, flat, uninteresting because unnatural. We are afraid to be natural in our religious life. Why is it that so many Christian people seem to be so bloodless,_ lifeless, atrophied in their character? It is simply want of air. They have no mountains m: their creed. They never say or do any-' thing which could possibly be misunder stood. Not that we should try to say or do such things; hat if we "are simply natu ral and frank as Christ was we cannot help being misunderstood by persons-who live contentedly in the plains of thought and life, and who never have any - anxiety as to what is on the top or the other side_ 9f the hill. The most immediately striking thing about the life 'of Jesus is its sense of freedom and unconventionality. It is a religion of the open air. It is laden with the fragrance wafted from the mountains of His thought. Yon feel braced up and invigorated simply by being in Has neighborhood; while to: be continually in His company is to breathe the -tonic air of inspiration and to live in the heart- of the hills. We shall never make much impression on the World until we are less afraid of bur own honest- thought, and' less bound by the rigid rule-of-thumb-re ligion of society. Chrirt came to be to ns the truth, and to be the truth, that makes' us free—free from our own ignorance and sin and unbelief and fear—free to doc the will, of the Father by administering health and kindness to our brethren. To be wbole, holy, complete; to be like Christ, is at once -the noblest, freert, hardest thing in the world, the one desirable attainment, the sole way to happiness; yes, to more than happiness to blessedness; and the only way to reach this end is to live in the strengthening atmosphere of Christb love, and to avail ourselves of all the maniWld riches of His grace. THE OUTLOOK FROM THE LULLS. . There is one cither element, in ■ the strength of the hills, namely Outlook. What is it that makes you, so anxious to climb the hill? The view. To see the landscape lying outspread before: the eye; to see the country rtretching away to 'the distant horizon; to have the sense of being monarch of all you survey (which you certainly are, though not: an acre of the ground belongs to yon, if: you carry it away in the recesses of :your memory); to realise the sense of .-vast- - ness; to revel in the subtle poetry, of distance; this is enough to make you tad up the steep path, and scale the ragged crag, and for a moment call the spreading scene your own. And it is this sense of outlook we need to get into our religion if we would obtain from it the best it has to give us. There is no faith which gives to man such a sense of vastness as the faith of Jesus Christ. The outlook he gives is so commanding and so rich 'that the eye cannot take it all in, and the mind reels as it tries to grasp it. But the heart is satisfied with that outlook, and ' pro nounces it very good. It includes - the whole field of this life that now is/ and fills it with a nobler and a deeper mean ing than we ever knew before. Jesus shows us the kingdoms of this world and the glory of them, and we know that their true kingship is in brotherhood, and their Teal glory in righteousness. But the]' out- ■ look of Jesus is of wider extent than , this. He takes us with Him and allows us a glimpse of the view which lies beyond the hills of death. What is on the farther side of that spectral line? Listen—"In my Father's houge are many mansions"—many rooms, many homes, many resting-places. It is enough: We live, indeed, in the Father's house now_; but there is another wing of it into which we have not been as yet, and into which we can only enter through the shadowy pass of death. Do not allow your outlook to be bounded by the grave; stand by the side of the Saviour, and look beyond into the eternal city. It is a high thought, but it comes from a true, true heart. Let us trust _ it, and thank God for the lessons of the hills. 