HODSON'S BEST MAN." A MILITARY INCIDENT. 'Harm swortli Magazine." Hie Plymouth express was really dorng *, her level best on her way to intercept the P._ and O. boat outward bound for Kuraqhi and Bombay. But it was much too slow for one of her . - passengera, and much too fast for an ; other >rho shared the carriage with him, , and helped to litter it with the multi farious articles which go to make up the kit of the British officer on foreign ser vice. _ , . Too slow for George Smyth, who long ed to get the journey over and find him self back amongst the little brown Ghur kas his soul loved, and all the excitement • of the Frontier Campaign. Too fast, much too fast, for young Dick Hodson, his friend and fellow officer, who had just left his promised wife on Pad ^wg-^ijigton platform, and whose generally f^cheery face now wore a 3ook of the mo it grilled melancholy. 'Cheer up, Dick!' said Smyth ato last, throwing down his paper: 'saying gpod is a poor amusement, but we've all ' got to get through it sometimes. .And I've only promised her six monihs at the •outside to get the trousseau ready.5 Dick smiled mournfully. 'Easy enough for you, 'old bachelor,' he said, *but you simply don't know what good-bye means. . Just wait till you're in my place.!' The elder man picked up his paper again •with an odd little twisted smile. 'Per haps J don't, Dick,' he said, and dis appeared once more behind the 'Times/ ISut presently, when Dick was once more completely absorbed in a blind con templation of the landscape. Symth quiet ly brought out of his pocket a small gold locket carefully encased in wash leather For quite a long time he looked down at a bright girlish face which smiled at him from within. Then he closed the locket and put it softly tk> his lips—Til \- bring him back, dear/ he whispered, 'or stay out there myself.' He slid the lockit back into its resting place, and walked across the carriage. *Wake up, old boy!' he said, putting h's hand on Dick's shoulder—'she'll be as proud as Punch of' that D.S.O. which Is waiting for you out there. And think liaw , ifc will look in, the papers—On the so and bo iiist, at St George's, Hanover square, or whatever sanctuary you may .select for the honour, 'Captain Richard Hod son, P.S.O., to Margaret, only daughter, etc., etc.!' . Hodson smiled. 'Yes, and don't you forget another important (item in th^ re port—'Captain, or Major it will be then, George Smyth, performed all the arduous duties of Best Man with his usual cour teev and elegance'—we're not going to haye that left out, I can <bell you, though T believe eren now you're thinking how to get out of it.' v 'Not for worlds, Dick. If I've to bring £he Had Mullah himself along at the ^nd cf n rope, I'm going to be on the \- spot to you two fixed up.' , 'George?' - ri-'te' " HVTiat beata inn is how you, who knew }lCr ever since she was a girl, could help : fulling in love with her yourself?' Symth'3 bronzed face flushed slightly. % "Don't know, old man,3 he said at last. me. out, ioT an Tang! THud! and a bullet snipped through the side of the tent and into the pole foot. , 'Confound it* all!'_ came in a sleepy grumble from the darkness, 'that's a bit too much/ A ci-.mp bedstead creaked thankfully, and next moment a head was thrust out of the tut. The Indian moon was nearly full, and the lines of the British camp stood oat as dear as daylight in the hollow. AU around it the .Maek mountains nose like the side3 of a huge ehipped bowl. But just mo w •the bowl's brim was twinkling with little sparks of fire which kept flash ing out at odd iirbeivais, causing griev ous wrath and evil-speaking among the sle pleps men. For each spark meant a wilv sniper snugly lying under cover, with a civilised rifle at his shoulder, and the big white camp beneath him in the dis tance as a target which" even an Afridi sharpshooter could hardly miss. Tans-! Another bullet, sang by—over head this time—and the flaeh which her alded it had sparkled friom a spur of rock scarcely 800 yards away. The- watcher marked the spot. We could cut that fellow off, anyhow!' he muttered as he dived baek into the tent. '1 wonder if Smyth's awake?' In a couple of minutes he stepped out into the moonlight, strapping a revolver round his waist, and hurried to a tent at the end of the line. He squeezed his head inside the flap and whistled softly. 'Who's there?' asked a gruff voice. The visitor untied the fasbecings aft, last and slipped inside. 'It's I—Hodson,' he said: 'wake up—I've got a gaiua on that will suit us nicely.' The owner of the tent sat up grumbling, and struck a match. 'Hullo, Dick,' he said sleepily, 'what on earth is up?' , 'That!' said Hodson, as another bullet whistled through the air. 'That fellow's down below, the ridge making fancy shoot ing ait cftgkt hundred. He's right out by himself, and its a lovely chance for a really neat bit of stalking. So n t get into your boots and come along quick/ Don't be a fool, Dick. Why can't ycu stay inched and try to get some sleep? —you'll want it to-morrow. Ik-sides, he won't hit anything!' *Won't he, by Jove! He's just got the range, and pmt a shot bang into my tent. I'm going, anyhow. I've had ab out enough of him, and Die men can't get any sleep with these brutes peppering away all night. So good-night, if you won't come.' Smyth saw his friend's figure blacken In ■the doorway. Then for one hateful instant temptation surgedr'up hot within him to let him go—alone. There was danger, and he might not return. Then— The moment passed. But it left the sweat standing on his forehead. He sprang up with a jerk. 'Dick,' he shouted, and hardly knew the voice for his own. The steps returned, and Dk-k's "head was thrurt in again. 'Hullo!' he said; 1 thought you'd wairt to corns, after alL Good.' /Well/ wall a Mt/ Smyth gifvnied. *If you really won't leave the poor harm less beggar alone, I suppose I must come and look after you. My 'Best Mail' du Jdes'- beginning already,' ha} muttered, struggling into his boots. Presently the two men stole out of the tonij^gsid ^bood fora moment in the shad ow behmicl. 'Mark forward!' Dick ehuekled flip pantly hs another flash came from the spur. The bullet sang overhead. 'He's lost Ms elevation, though.5 The sntiy grinned as they gave the countersign. 'Ope they'll nip the beggar1 he said, as he watched them creeping cautiously across the ojion ground toaids the cliffs. *E's a precious sight too aeai* the target, 'e is.* Half an hour's breathless climb landed them panting, but comparatively intact, at the top of the spur. 'Where is he?' Hcdscu whispered. And the question was answered next moment by a shot which rang out almost ait their very feet. h ! :f£' Hodson wriggled cautiously to the edge and peered over. Thirty feet below, and apparently suspended over spaee, he made out the head and shoulders of a white figure, lying flat on its stomach; the rest of the body was hidden by a bulge in the cliff face. Presently, as they watched, the figure moved, and u well-oiled rifle-barrel glis tened in the moonlight. ' Smyth n&dded;, and Hodson's hand crept noiselessly lo his belt, and then slow ly, v»iy slowly, his arm stretched down wards over the tdgp. This time the e port which rang out was erisper "than ii-> predecessors, and punctuated with a short, choking grunt from bralo\v.,The white form stiffened for an instant on its Elbows, and then collapsed limply. 'No more pot-shots for you, my friend! And Hodson turned—-to find Smyth, with his back towards him, staring intently down the path they had jijst climbed. 'Look there!' ~ And Hodson looked. What he1 saw was not'reassuring. Two hundred yards away a score o* dim figures climbing like caits over the rocks towards them, lave they seen us?' 'No—I don't think so; but they heard your shot-—and there's no cover here.' " 'Good God! look there!' Further up and taking a slanting course along the crest were moving speekf?. Their second line of retreat, was cu»t off now. Smytr spun round agalin on his stomach to the cliff's edge. 'Just- a chance,' he muttered, half to himself, 'if we can get (there.' \- They crawled along the edge, looking for the place where the man had gone down. They found it-—a naixow crack In the cliff's face. Somehow at last they reached a nar row, broken shelf beneath their feet They edged perilously along. Smyth firafc, unjfc&l; the* ledge ended abruptly round a sudden earner jutting patform. A white heap lay there with brown arms stick out stiffly "over •the edge. They erouehsd back against the overhanging rock. Smyth glanced upwards. They can't see us here if we keep back.' lie said; and then eyed the dead man curiously. Suddenly he bent forward, and strad dling over the body, lifted it slightly and unfastened a stiff cairtridge box from the waistbelt. With this he quickly propped up the heavy head, fixing the box under neck and chin. Then he bent the stiffen ing arms and fingers tt> hold the rifle a ga'n, ramming the butt home under the shoulder. When it was done, the dead man at their feet lay once more aiming straight jover the camp. Suddenly they heard voices on the cliff above: and^&omeone; spoke angrily— Tools and the sons of fools! ft is he then only, even as I said!' and called down over the edge, 'Good, O my son! what quarry for thy hunting, little hawk?' Smyth grasped ibe dead man's ankles and stirred the body slSghtly. 'A fair mark, my father,' be answered gruffly, in the same tongue jand waited silent. ' . 'Hast a dry throat from thy watching,' came the answer, slowly. Then another voice broke In excitedly, but no worda reached them. Then a 811014 pausd Suddenly a small stone dropped past the dead man's head, and "then another, better aimed, rattled on the' bairel of the rifle. ^ * 'No go, after all,* Smyth said, and with a quick thrust ai the feet, sent the body over the ledge. 'More room now— how inany rounds have you got?' 'Belt full,' was the answer. 'Good! we'(i hold them yetJ Then he drew his revolver and fired six times quickly, signalling the sleeping camp. Thsi enemy gave ^nj» ^Ign. But afc last a soft sliding sound struck on the straining ears of the besieged. Inch by inch a dark head edged forward rourtd the eornclr. Then the white shoulder?. But Hod son was watching. For a second a tail figure''stood upright, clinging c-onvulsivrfy to the Tock with clutching fingers, and tlien fell headlong. A dull crash came up through the quiv ering air. 'They can come that way as often aa they like,' Hodson said grimly, as- the smoke cleared. " Hurrah! look there!1 "Lights were flashing to and' fro in the camp. 'We shall win through, yot, George.' Smyth grasped the outstretched hand. 'Please God, old man* ho said—but on the words came a flash, from the far cliff, and a. hulldt chipped off a bit of stick behind them. "No. Rick, -we're done; they've got up safe after all.' 'Lie down!' Smyth salid, sternly, as another bullet bit into the rock. *Nbt I, old man,' for there was no roam for both to lie in the shadow.' Another shot came, and this time the aim was better. Hodsonl arched forward. Ttls nothing,' he said fafintly, 'only the shoulder—I'm all right.' *Ah! thajt's better, old boy,' said Smyth us Hodson colhipstdin a dead faint. 'Now God grant me two minutes.' He thrust his hand inside Hodson^s tunic, and felt the blood trickling fast from a jagged wound low down in the right shoulder. Then he hurriedly made a rough pad. of his handkerchief and press ed it over the wound, fastening his beSt round tightly over it to keep the pad In its place. Builds spluttered «m the rock around him, but God gave him Ms two minutes. He laid Hodson down full length in the dark angle of the rock. His left hand groped in his tunic and pulled out a little gold locket fastened by a chain round his neck. 1 shan't bring him back, after all,' he muttered: 'but he'll—get back—all right—if they're only quick.1 His left hand grasped iu<de his tunic and an instant tightly. Then ar bullet took him full in the chest.': He. swayed a little, but still knelt up in front of Hod son's body, clinging dizzily to the rock with his ieft hand until he steadied him self. Then he unfast°n*Hl ll'e lccket. and, sinking back, thrust it- into Dick's clench, ed hand. 'Better there,' he .whispered, ami tried to kneel up again; hut another shot hit him, and then a third. He fell back just as a scattered volley .rang out overhead. "They've been quick,' he gasped, *but —too late—for me,' Then he nerved him self to a supreme effort, and shouting 'Guides! Guides!' fell backward!) on Hod* son's , .i_ i H He just opened hia «yes when the res cuers got them to tlie top. The officer \\\ho&uppoi;*ed him was quick to answer the unspokfeii question—"Hodaon's safe,' he said. ; /' ■ •* For a moment the glaring eyes bright tBcd, and tlie ghost of a, suite flitted across Uie <tjuwn faee. His Hps moved. Tell him—to get—eomeoiiie ftee,' fame family. Th&i; ais headdropped. forward. Hodson's 'U^t Man' had failed Kim after a&. •; 1 j v .;; 