INSPIRATION. (By Herbert E. Hyle, M.A., D.D., Presi dent of Queen's College, Cambridge.) . "For,the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man; but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.'.'—2 1'eter i., 21. The subject of Inspiration in some of its aspects, presents tlie deepest difficulties with which men in the present day can he confronted in their endeavor to search , in to and enquire into the dark things which surround so many of the questions of our Christian faith. And I think it is as well at the outset, so to speak, to clear away the.ground, that we may not be troubled by unnecessary presuppositions or difficul ties which, after all, are not true difficul ties, but only imaginary difficulties to our soul's welfare. It always appears to me that the subject ox inspiration, to us. who believe intensely in the message of our Saviour Jesus Christ to the whole world; I say it always seems to us—for 1 would asso ciate myself with all those—as if the doc trine of inspiration represents what I may call A LUXURY OF CHRISTIAN TEACHING. ■ The word "luxury" has often been de bated. Hut apply this term to the con-1 sideration of Christian doctrine and i Christian subjects, and-1! would ask „ plain/ straight, experimental question; I would ask you whether it is your supposi tion that a, ; belief in a theory of inspira tion is necessary to a man's position as a Christian, as a believer in what Jesus Christ has done for him and for the whole world. Have not you and I, time after time in our experience of life, come across simple souls, poorly educated men and women and little' children, looking upwards towards the kingdom of heaven, who have had no deep inspiration, no pro found learning, ho theories suggested to them as to what inspiration may be; per haps have never heard the word, but they have obtained the fruits and the blessings which come to a'Christian land where the Word of- God is taught, where the message of Christ is spoken to men's hearts and souls without let or hindrance.- And- the good seed has found a fertile soil and has there sunk down and is bringing forth its little fruit; a very little plant, but a true plant, blessed ivith the-blessing of God's Holy Spirit. And who shall not say that that is the essential part, and that that is the necessary part of Christian life? In view of such facts—and I think I may-assume that when such examples are presented to your ininds you will at once admit, that they are facts—you will, I think, be prepared to grant with me that any precise theory upon the subject of in spiration may be regarded as a luxury of Christian thought, that it does not belong to the essentials of Christian life, that as we strive to know more, and as we are car ried on with the resistless impulse of God's Holy Spirit to learn more and to move on in that progressive desire, we are irresistibly carried on by the desire to know something more of what that in spiration is, what it should mean to us practically as we read the books of Holy Scripture. NO INSPIRATION WITHOUT, A GOD. And . there is another, point I would like j to clear out of the .way, and it may be a very obvious and evident one, but pefhaps the obvious and evident things need very often to be, repeated upon a subject about whioh there has been con troversy and difficulty. It seems to me that it is impossible for us to speak of inspiration when we are dealing with those who have no belief in God. A man who does not believe in God is not ong who can at all understand or appreciate the posi tion of the Christian; when he -says that this word which is contained in the books of Scripture has come to me from God. If the-person -with whom you are discus sing does not believe in a God, it is quite clear that the Christian hypothesis does not exist for his mind;-in other words, that tihe belief in an inspiration is a belief which belongs to a Christian in dealing with his fellow Christians, but it can have no conclusive cogency - for any one who disbelieves in the existence of a God. And further, and it is a corollary of that which I have just -spoken—in order to believe at all in inspiration you must believe not only in a God, but believe in. a God who will reveal Himself unto mankind. There are, we know, those who do believe in the exis tence of a personal God, but who are not able to believe .that He can possibly re veal Himself in any sort of way unto man kind. They, believe in a Being who lives in an infinitely-remote sphere; so remote, so infinitely: remote. in His unapproach able majesty, that-it is inconceivable that He can communicate with the little deni zens of this little planet of a little sun. But we believe in a God/and we believe in a God'who can reveal Himself and make known 'His love and His will unto man kind; and having that two-fold belief we can go on from that. : That is the founda tion upon which we take our stand to con sider the. subject of inspiration. INSPIRATION IN OTHER RELIGIONS. : How, .1 suppose if .any of you have ever met a" Mohammedan, you wall -have met a man who believed in -a God, who believed» also in a God who woiild reveal Himself; and you would have-met a man who also -believed'that He had revealed Himself in a sacred book which he regarded as in spired—the Koran, the sacred book, the Bible of the Mohammedan; the Moham medan believes it is inspired; that it does convey to him a message from God, that it does mark out for Ihim the •way of life in which a man Should walk, to live nobly and righteously, f And the Christian has his belief concerning the Bible, and the Persian has a similar belief in/his- doctrine concerning the books of the Zendavesta, and he regards them.as baying been com municated frcan on high; be regards fchemi as ./"being inspired, helpful, and a blessing to 'him im his religious life.-*'' It is clear, then,' that a belief in inspiration as a doc trine is one which the Christian possesses, but Of which the Christian is not alone the possessor. Those who follow other reli gions in which a sacred book has an impor tant place, they, too,.'have their.belief in an inspiration; and. it is impossible for us with fairness and with candor, and with charity,;.to discuss -or to take into consi deration this subject of inspiration with out including within our view those of a | different cred. You and I believe in ■the Holy Spirit; the belief in the Holy Spirit belongs to our creed. .We repeat, it titoe after time.. We believe in the Holy Ghost whosTe-power has.been present upon the world ever since mankind has been sent upon this earth.. God breathed into (mankind of His Spirit and. with the breath of God. Wherever there has .been •conscience, wherever there has'been a de sire to move upwards instead of dragging downwards-towards the beasts that perish, 'there has been the working and prompt ing of the Holy Spirit—it may be on a very little scale—there has been a work of., inspiration going on in. the. heart' and soul and will'of man. And if in the Case of men generally, then let us be generous and .fair and outspoken, and not afraid to admit that -wherever any religion has had a place upon 'the surface of ' this globe, be it Mohammedan or Persian or Greek, or give it any other name where men have gathered together joined by one religious purpose; wherever there has; been aught of nobility and purity, and goodness and. self-denial, there the Holy Spirit has been speaking to, and striving with, the hearts Of men, leading them up from low things to Mgher things, pointing them in the direction of that which they could not see because it , was hidden by the mists; of this earth, !but pointing in the same direction in which the Christian looks.* The mists have' disappeared, and. the veil has been removed, and to our minds, and to ourt hearts, has been dis closed the manifestation of God in the Person of Jesus Christ. So, then, I start with the ' assumption that there is the Holy Spirit .present arid working with mankind in the world, that that, power and presence of the Holy Spirit, is frankly to be admitted where .there is thought of God,'and of the elevat ing character in. the religions of other countries of the "world, but. in far higher degree, and the only degree approaching unto perfection in that religion by which we are bound together in the service of the same Father, through the revelation of ""His life" in Jesus Christ our Lord. INSPIRATION OF THE BIBLE. _ But what of inspiration when it is . the " inspiration, under whose influence we come in reading the books that "are C°U" tained in Holy Scripture? A man "will tell you he reads his Bible because it is inspired. Beware of using phrases that you do not really'think. If you say that the mole is inspired, be careful to say that it is inspired because'to you it is inspired, because it does contain to your hearts a breathing of the Holy Spirit, a true mes sage from on high, a message_ which leads you unto the feet of your Saviour. Unless that Bible which you call ingmred has unto you a message from God,- what is the worth of your inspiration, but a mere phrase by which you may drug your soul. I say again, if inspiration is indeed a truth ... to you, if in reading the books or Holy Scripture they are a source of blessingj a comfort, a help, a sustaining power, • a ; guide, a direction, an elevating means py which in your prayers and in your desire to approach God you are given greater means of access, then indeed the _books ol Holy Scripture are to you inspired from on high. But if inspiration is , but a' mere , name, if it is but a mere label for a doc trine, what, I say, is the worth -of in- : spiration to yourself? It is but a hypocrisy and a lie unto your soul. . Take heed; then, in speaking for, in nleading for, in witnessing for the inspiration of the Books of Scripture, you witness to: - the truth which is in your heart, not . merely an obstacle,' and an hypocrisy to your soul. ' ' ' , CRITICISM AND INSPIRATION. We are well aware that these days are days of diffioulty, in which" many souls, on account .of the additional research and minute investigation that " is applied by, scholars to the Books of Holy Scnptures. and the very term of what is called * criticism has -, become a bugbear and ■ danger and a difficulty _ unto many earnest, humble, God-seeking souls. 1 will use an illustration in dealing with \ this difficulty. I will assume that we have among us some young medical student, whose work it is to investigate during his period of probation and of • discipline and of preparation before he •is launched upon that great 'and blessed- , career as a medical man, "until he becomes permitted to join that great band'of noble men to whom our generation and our coun- ; try is so continually beholden—investigate very narrowly and very minutely, and with scrupulous care, every little atom, every > little fibre, every little bone,, every little blood vessel, every little capillary, every little particle in the skin, in the bone, in the fibres, in the nerves, of the human body. So that when he_ goes forth to do , his work, should any accident arise, should some subtle disease overtake one of his pa tients, he Should in a moment be able to say what part of the body is affected; what is to be found , here, what - is to be found there, what is the lie of the bone, what is the direction of . the muscle, what is the indication of the nerv^, and so on. Thit is the work which is required by the student when he investi gates the human body by means of dissec tion; it is the work of the anatomist,'How, my friends, I wish you to compare, in your . V minds the work of the student- anatomist and teacher-anatomist with the work of the student-scholar and the teacher-scholar in dealing with the Books of Holy Scrip-" ture. We want- truth, absolute truth, to investigate in dealing with the Books of. Holy Scripture—every word, every sen tence—to investigate ruthlessly, to "see How the book was formed if possible; to dis* i cover its date if possible; its author, if pos- , sible, "under what influencesit took • its. shape; to investigate, to anatomise its structure, its whole character. _ But when •; your student-friend was investigating the body it was a dead body; he could' not point with his forceps, and say, "See. here, . I have got life." That is beyond the powers of either the anatomist student or the ana- . tomist teacher. And the scholar Who goes., •-to-work with his.power, of language, with•' his power of literature, with his capacityy- ' for analysis and comparison, he will tell.' /•' you how the book was formed, of what dif-y* *; ferent portions, from what different dates," what was the name of the writer, to what century he belonged, to what class of in fluences he whs exposed. But he cannot • take anything between his_ pen and his ; blotting-paper an.d say this is the inspira tion; it is this which gives the power; it is this which gives the influence on your heart and; on your soul; that, is the power, that is-the inspiration, that is" the gift of y the Holy Spirit that penetrates, the books . of the Christian, and makes them what they, are to. youi inspired of God. ylt .is' comparable -only to the lifb which is in the '•*, body of man, the life whidh is given" by God; a life which you cannot define, a life , which the anatomist cannot discover, ■ which defies all his researches. He may, I say, identify every portion of the body, but be cannot show you life. We feel life, and we know that it is. just as true in the little finger as it is in the brain, , as strong in the lobe of - the, ear as in the arm ;or. leg. It- runs, through-: the > whole human body; and that is the gift of God. And so it is-with the books of Scrip ture,' if you admit that , the power..of God is there; that they are the - gift of'Gtbd's Holy Spirit, and that it is speaking to your . hearts; that itTias spoken to nineteen cen-—•'•' turies of Christendom, and has; been to them a Word of God for their- Salvation. Still man- has never been able .to' identify . it and say "There is the Holy Spirit; there is. tbe work, the thing—Inspiration." _ Ho; it has defied the researches of ; men- in all - centuries," and it will defy scholars to the end- of the world. But it will , always be there, the power, the: gift of: the Holy Spirit. Ho age of the Church has. attemp- ; . ; ted' to define inspiration, or attempted to • lay it with any success upon the .con sciences- of--believers. Thank -God we can. fall hack upon that one great overwhel-. ming thought that it is the Word of God toy . V our hearts, that it is there, thatit has been proved, that it has not been wanting.: And there let us let it be. We cannot define , it in words; it is the gift of the -Holy. Spirit, Tit is the life of Scripture, it wit- ■ :/ nesses to all, and it makes the Bible, what the Bible is to, us. If it is not unto "you inspired, then do not pretend to an inr - y, spiration which you cannot recognise. • . DEFECTIVE MORALITY. : ■ There are one or bwo questions that " remain still, which I am sure are present to your minds. You will.ask me perhaps; - "What about the inspiration of such pas sages as w.e come: across with such great frequency, with very considerable frequency, in the Old Testament, passages from which _.. your minds shrink because they deal either "with unedifying details or with tales and stories in' which the morality is repulsive to . your conscience?" Take; for example, long lists of names as you find in the Books ox Chronicles,long d esc rip tions such, asfyoufind, descriptions of the structure of the Taber- ■ nacle, or tales and stories dealing with : uneleanness from which our sense of purity ; shrinks, or tales of bloodthirsty savagery from which our Christian minds turn in. horror. It is perfectly true, .and it would be a lie for us to say that that is morality which we can approve of because it is in the Scripture. The morality _ from Which our- consciences turn because it is impute,, or because it is savage, or because it Is . lustful, is morality that you. and I will condemn whether we find it in the pages of Scripture, or. whether we read it. in the columns of a newspaper. Our blessed Lord spoke of the Holy Scriptures as testifying to Himself, ahd our Lord speaks, of Holy Scripture as containing all things necessary ■ to salvation;- as"needfu! for us, as that to . which we should continually go. ■ But nei ther our Lord nor the Apostles attempted to represent the Old Testament Scriptures -. as being perfect or infallible as guides of morality and of spiritual teaching. You will remember that our. Lord in "His teaching in the Sermon on the Mount says, time after time—"Ye have heard that'.it was said by them of old time."- That was: ' one level of morality.' . "But I say unto ' | you"' He says, and He gives. them a I'higner level of morality. If , you advance " from one level of morality to "a higher level of morality, will you'say that the lower lefrel ' of morality; is perfect?. You cannot. It; is imperfect. It' may have been perfect at the time, hut. time has. gone on, resistless in its; niove- * inent of " "progress and improvement, and time has brought you unto the revelation ■ of Jesus Christ. And He points back to . the old.days, and says that the men of old -• time -witnessed for God according to their .; light, but I give you the perfect light; the only true' light .that has come down from; above; and by comparison of; that . light -with the light to which the- men; of old time, the old saints testified, the-old light was a very poor, and imperfect light. ; So,-then,-in things of morality, we may ; be ready to recognise that - the inspiration which governed the men who spoke through the, Scriptures of the Old Testament was imperfect by comparison . with the morality, which we have received ■■■■ through" the revelation of Jesus Christ-and through 'the teaching 'of His. holy apostles. So also with spiritual things. • Can. you find in the Books of the Old Testament, • - for: instance,- a full' and! perfect ihope . of the-resurrection, that hope to which we turn with joy and with comfort, that hope - which leads us on in the' moments of - darkest despair and trouble ; and ' despon-'1 dency? It is that hope which: we have-; received in Jesus Christ, r-which; was only but a faint aspiration in the minds of the • saints 'of the Old Testament. Jt. is. spiritual matters as it is with moral matters; we have gone on from a lower • level to a higher level. <•' - • .DEGBEES OF ILLUMINATION, v _ There are clearly; then, degrees of illumination in. the Holy Scriptures; the • illumination of: the old time,, and the ii .lumination of ; the time and of the era of . Jesus Christ our Lordl. In Him only is the -perfection , of Light; in..-.Him only is the perfection' of. Inspiration, for in ; Him only- is the full revelation of God the leather of Love. So, then,Vive may recognise that inspira , tion has-its .degress, and apparently its measures of-fulness. And practically do \- you hot recognise that in quite a different way in your endeavors to read Scripture to yourselves? Does any one of you, for instance, regard, we will say, the second Epistle of St. Peter, from which I have taken-my text, with the same feelings of \- love as the Gospel according to St. John? ~ Have you not, all. of you, realised that one book differethfrom another book in beauty v and in power, just as one star differe-th from another star in beauty and in-bright : ness? And have you not realised that the writings of a prophet like Isaiah; or the writings which are to be found iii. the Psalms, or the, teachings of the Book of Genesis, are far more valuable to our own lives and experiences than such a book as Ezra or the Book «f Chronicles, or one or two of the Minor Prophets? Do you not recognise a difference of the character of ' inspiration, some like to call it degrees of inspiration? I do not - know whether aJ term like that is any source of help to .usJ But we may recognise that .there is a dif Xferent'power arising from the character of the contents-of a book" which may or may . ..not be equaUy inspired with another book. I can recognise that the life of the Spirit may bey found in the humble things as well as in the-great things of life, and that the man who lives in complete obscurity, h'ving in a holy walk with God, living ac cording^ to the- dictates.of the Holy Spirit, living in the-fatih of his Saviour Jesus Christ," may be as true and perfect a man in God's sight as the greatest and most powerful saint that has shaken Christen--, dom. His work, is small, and it is ob scure, but the Spirit of God will animate. ■ him in the same way' as it animates the man of great ability who, "by his oppor tunities, Jhas greater occasions and means of influencing men's minds. So it is with , the hooks of Holy Scripture: The -Holy Spirit .may run through each and all of -themeach has its own function to per form in, connection with a great era in revelation, with the great requirements of the Holy Spirit towards mankind. Each may be, then, inspired, but they will have a very different function and a very dif ferent work and influence over the minds and souls of mankind. • 