TWO SINNERS. CIIAPTERI XVIII. Mr. and Mrs. Hastings did not remain long at the Langham Hotel. By dint of threats and persuasions on the part of the banker, the house in Park Lane was ready a few days after they left thle Lodge. It was indeed a luxurious cage for a captive; art, taste and money had been la'ishly expended to make it perfect. Then at the first Drawing-room after her arrival, Dorothea was presented, and all London raved about her beauty. Belgravia and.Mayfair opened wide their doors. Rank and wealth alike did homage to our heroine. Mr. Hastings again felt elated, for his penniless wife was the belle, par excellence, of the season. Never was triumph more complete, more entire, or more despised. Dora plunged into an incessant round of gaieties to deaden care. She-valued at less than nothing the flattery and attention which surrounded her. She almost regretted them as so many triumphs-for the husband she detested. For she did detest him; it had come to that. He was her shadow. He accompanied her to opera and ball, picnic and flower show. She never appeared in public without him at her side, and yet she loathed him. Day by day, hour by hour, the chain whose links she had forged galled her. Week by week, month by month, her heart was faithful to its one lord, Vere Eastcourt. There was no open rupture. Husband and wife lived apparently in perfect harmony, though there was w barrier between them neither tried to break, and Mr. Hastings watched his wife eagerly. He was jealous of her overy action. She heard little of Vere Eastcourt, though nsws of Maude's wedding reached her. Dorothea thought vaguely Sir Cecil and Lady Kyrlewere very happy. Then a few days later came a pretty, scented note from Rosamond Stuart, saying she was leaving Eastcourt. Might she come and see her dear Mrs. Hastings once again as she passed through London on her return to Paris ? It was late in June then, and Dorothea had begun herself to think in a few weeks it would be time to quit Park Lane. She was very willing to see Rosamond. She had a certain self- reproach for having been less kind to her than she intended; with Vere's own word that Rosamond would never be his wife, Dorothea could afford not to be jealous of her. 'I have heard from Miss Stuart,' she said, carelessly, to her husband. ' She wishes to come to us for a few days before leaving England. I suppose you have no objection 1' 'I shall be delighted,' he rejoined, amiably. SRosamond Stuart is charming.' \- Rosamond arrived, pretty and fairy-like as over, and desperately attentive to her host and hostess. It seemed a strange re lief to have a third party in the house. Dorothea felt no regret when her hnsband invited Miss Stuart to remain with them until they left Park Lane, and then accompany them abroad. The idea never came to her that the invitation ought t:o have been giVen by herself. , On the whole Rosamond's visit to East 'ourt had been a failure. Certainly she had rppent five months in an easeful, luxurious -same; all that kindness and affection could -io to make her happy had been done, but poor Rosamond made the fatal mistake of giving her heart away before she received another in exchange. She had thought when once Dorothea was out of the way her course would be easy. She had counted .-6nuch on the long tete-ft-tetes and close ) :ompanionship that must accrue while Lady 'leabel and Maude were absorbed in prepar ...ing for the wedding. In one sense she was .not mistaken; she did see a great deal more of Vere when Mrs. Hastings was no longer in Blankshire. They grew very intimate. Vere bestowed on Rosamond that genial friendly regard a man whose heart is given elsewhere often spares to a pretty woman thrown in his way. He gave her long fraternal lectures, advised her as to what flowers she should wear or what books she should read, danced with her, walked with her, talked, rode, laughed with her, but never once thought of marrying her. Then the evening before the wedding, when Maude and Tier mother went away together to be alone for a little while on the last day of Maude's girlhood, Vere and Rosamond were left to their own devices. 'I shallbe glad when all the fuss is over,' Ssaid YVere, lazily. 'Iam quite tired of the excitement which pervades the whole'house. It's a .lovely night, Rose. There's not a breath of air stirring. Come and walk with me in the grounds.' It was between nine and ten, and as Vere said a. lovely June evening. Rosamond assented willingly. She threw a light shawl over her shoulders and followed Vere down the terrace stops. Very fair and winning she looked in her white dress with its blue trimmings. To Vere, whose mind was full of doubt and sorrow, Rosamond seemed the picture of innocent truth. For some time they walked in perfect silence, his thoughts far away, hers on the love story she believed was surely coming. \- 'How grave you are,' she began, at last. 'Surely you are not lamenting blaude's wed ding ?' 'No,' raousing himself by an eflbfort. ' We shall miss Mautdio sadly, but we did not ex pect to keep her for ever; the birds will quit the nest and leave it empty, you know, liosariiond.! ' Not' empty,' she objected. ' Yes, Maudo is going to- morrow, anid I shall riot be long after her. I am going abroad.'. SAbroad !' in deep dismay. 'Yes. Is it very astonishing ? Don't a great many people leave their homes I' .' Not when they have such homes as you. He smiled sadly. 'Eastcourt is dear to me, but itis empty; it will' always be so to me. Some day Maude's children may make it gay again, but----' 'I do think you are the most uncomfort Sable person,' interrupted Rosamond, quiclly. 'Are you going to die at once that you speak so luigubriously I' ' There are worse things than death, little 'REose.' 'If you lived at Chateau Thierry you would think so; poverty is ton times worse.' 'I shouldn't mind being poor at all.' 'Because you have never tried it. I hate poverty; it seems so hard that I and Evelyn should drag ont our lives at that wretched female boarding-house, just because our father was not a rich man.' ''Would you like to spend your life at Eastcourt, Rose 1' asked Votere, suddenly. Oh I how the girl's heart beat now; thoroughly she misunderstood him. 'If you would stay with my mother,' con tinued Vero, ' we should all be glad. She loves you almost as her own child. I look on you as a sister; let me go away, Rose, leaving you here my mother's adopted daughter, it will add to Maude's happiness, and ease my burden.' His words seemed to turn the girl to stone. 'Thave you a burden 1' ' Aye, a heavy one, so heavy, little Rose, that I would rather see you lying under the i turf and daisies than that you should be called on to suffer as I do.' 'Tell me about it,' she urged. 'No, it is the old, old-story, Rose; don't ask me about it, child; no one in the world knows my secret. Say, will you promise me not to go back to Chiteau Thierry, but to stay here my mother's child.' 'I cannot,' she answered,'calmly. 'I have I a mother, too, and she thinks I have been absent from her long enough.' 'Of course she must miss you, but some day, Rose, she will have to miss you alto gether. Some day you will *go to gladden another home with your sweet, sunshiny spirit. He will be a happy man, Rose, wiho wins you for his wife.' 'I shall never ma.ry,' said Rose, a little bitterly; 'men don't choose penniless wives from French boarding-houses, at least, very faew men do. Mr. Hastings was the excep tion, not the rule.' ' You are a thousand times better off as you are,' said Vere, fiercely, 'than if you married arich man for anything but love.' 'Possibly.' 'Don't talk so coldly, Rose. Have I offended you ? You klnow I look on you as a sister; you come next to Maude in my affection.' ' You have not offended me at all.' 'Then what is wrong 1' 'Nothing.' 'There is something.' 'Then I will tell you. I have a difficult question to answer. You are the second person to- day who has offered me a home in Blankshire.' 'Did my mother speak to you of her wishes ?I' ' No, guess again.' 'I am not good at guessing, Rose.' ' Then I will tell you-Dr. Taylor.' 'Good gracious !' Dr. Taylor was the Blankshire physician, a man of mature age and much local celebrity. His private means were large, and his pro fessional income not despicable, yet the idea of the tall, portly, red-faced doctor present ing himself as a lover to pretty, fairy-like Rosamond was certainly preposterous. 'He thought he was doing me a great honour,' went on Rosamond, mischievously; 'he told me the extent of his income five times, and promised faithfully he would have his house newly furnished.' 'The old idiot.' ' What for liking me ?' 'No, for daringto think you could like him, as if such a thing were possible.' 'He thinks it very suitable;. he is only forty-eight, and he says his family generally live to seventy, so you see I should enjoy his society several years.' 'Rosamond, don't jest on such a subject. Of course you said 'No' at once' 'On the contrary, I asked for four and twenty hours to think it over, which after some deliberation he granted.' 'But of course you mean to say 'No.'' She did not answer. In very truth, Rosa mond had not made up her mind. Dr. Taylor and two thousand a year were prefer able to Chateau Thierry and the cold soup. Certainly there was some disparity between twenty-two and forty-eight, but one cannot have everything, and John Taylor, hI D., was very well preserved. 'Rosanmond !' 'Yes,' 'You don't really think of it, it would be an awful sacrifice ?' 'It might be my duty, Vere,' speaking his name gently. ' Iamma has had a hard life lately, this would bring her ease.' 'I don't think Mrs. Stuart would value ease at such a cost~.' ' At what cost ?' 'Your whole life's happiness.' 'I don't think I can do it,' said Rosamond, slowly; ' I don't care a straw for him, and it would be very mean to marry him juist because he was rich.' What rare deceit ! but VSere believed in her thoroughly. Stooping down in the moonlight, he pressed his lips to her fore head. 'You are a true woman, little Rose ' That night in her own room, sitting by the unshuttered window, looking at the starlit sky, Rosamond Stuart confessed to herself bitterly it was all in vain, and she must give up the hope of being his wife. ' It is all her fault,' said the girl, bitterly, thinking of Mrs. Hastings; she has spoilt my whole life; if ever I should be.able to take my revenge, I will have it as surely as I love Vore Eastcourt.' Such was her oath, and she kept it. CIIHAPTER XIX. DOROTIIEA and Rosamond sat together.one bright, sunshiny morning in July, discussing their plans. Vesy soon they were to start for some pleasant weeks of wandering in the Black Forest. Then the whole party would pass through Paris. Rosamond would be safely delivered up to her mother at Chateau Thierry, and Mr. Hastings would take his wife home to Blankshire for the winter. Dorothea was on the sofa. The pink trimmings of her summer muslin alone re lieved the pallor of her complexion. Her thin hands clasped together; her dark eyes, with a dreamy, far-off expression in their depths ; the beauty of the season, Belgravia's favourite she might be, yet she loolked far from well; fragilely delicate she seemed, yet lovelier than Dorothea Yorke had ever been. Hers was a beauty sorrow could not dim. Rosamond, who occupied a chair close to the sofa, was blooming like one of her own namesakes; luxury and ease suited Miss Stuart well. There was no shadow on her brow--no cloud on her face; it was the difference in their characters which made these two bear trouble so differently. Dorotlhea was passionate and enthusiastic, generous and true. Rosamond was prudent and worldly wise, selfish, despite her child like (seeming) simplicity, and her intellect was narrower. Rosamond was shrewd and quick, but Mrs. Hastings was sympathetic, a woman formed to inspire love or hate, not like or aversion. 'I think we shall have a delightful tour,' said Miss Stuart, gaily. 'I have always wished to go to Germany. I never saw a mountain in my life.' hlirs. Hastings smiled, for women can smile however near they are to heartbreak. I have known women whose smile was in finitely sadder than any tears. ' I daresay we shall do very well. It is quite the fashion to go to the Black Forest now. SYes, Maude went there for her wedding tour. I had a letter from Lady Isabel this morning, Dora, and she was going to Lake wood to receive Sir Cecil and his wife on their return.' ' And hIr. Eastcourt, will he not be there 1' 'Have not you heard the news 1' asked Rosamond, lightly, watching her victim eagerly. ' I have heard nothing of the Eastcourts lately. Someone said Mr. Eastcourt inten ded to travel. Is that what you mean 1' 'Yes; he has loft the park, and Lady Isabel has no idea when he will be back. It may be one year, or perhaps two or three.' 'Travelling is so pleasant.' 'It seems selfish though, when his mother I is all alone.' 'It is not at all selfish,' indignantly. ' I think it very wise. Lady Isabelhas Maude.' ' Maude is married.' 'Ah, Miss Stuart, blooming as ever,' said Mr. Hastings, suddenly entering. ' What were you talking about ? You seemed in the midst of a most animated discussion.' ' We were criticising our neighbours in general, and Mr. Eastcourt in particular. 'Ah.' Mr. Hastings looked curiously at his wife. No change came to her sweet, tired face to enlighten him. Apparently the name of Vere Eastcourt had no power to move her. Mr. Hastings was foiled. ' What 1 has Vere Eastcourt done to provoke criticism 1' he asked Miss Stuart. ' I thought there was nothing remarkable about him except his distaste for matrimony, which is an old affair.' 'There is this remarkable about him,' said Dorothea, distinctly, 'that he is one of the truest men that ever lived.' 'I await my answer,' said Mr. Hastings, bowing gallantly to Rosamond, and taking no n6tice of his wife's words. ~1lr. Eastcourt has left home and gone on a long tour; one of those tours that may last two years or ten, which are really indefinite. Now, I say, with such a home and such a mother, he ought to have been contented, but Mrs. Hastings thinks he was right to go away. 'I agree with you, Miss Stuart. I always do.' ' Ishall run away before your compliments spoil me,' said Miss Stuart, getting up gaily and leaving the husband and wife alone. Dorothea made no attempt to speak, very rarely did she address voluntary remarks to her husband. 'I saw your mother this morning, Elena.' Mrs. Hastings started. She seldom thought of her mother. This abrupt mention of her brought hack the lifo at Cold Harbour Lane very vividly. Was it possible that one little year ago she was living there with out any thought of the brilliant destiny which awaited her. Brilliant destiny. Oh, what a mockery the words were. 'I did not think you knew my mother,' said Dorothea, simply. ' When did you ever see hes ?' 'I called on her once, very soon after you went to Paris, to see if she had any suspicion of our plans. She was most hospitable,' said the banker, smiling, 'and insisted on my partaking of tea and muffins. I said I wished to engage you as governess to some children I was interested in, and Mrs. Yorke told me you had gone to a school in Calais.' 'You went to ask her about me. You did not trust me even then.' 'I should not have married you unless I trusted you.' 'And you saw my mother this morning ? Was she well ?' 'In the best of health, I should say. She did not recognise me. What surprised me was that she wore deep mourning.' ' Where did you see her 1' 'At Evans's, in Pump Court. A first-rate solicitor. Cecil Kyrle was articled to him.' 'I never heard the name in my life. I am sure my mother knows no Mr. Evans.' 'She does now. I asked him point blank who she was, and he told me she lives in the same lodging still, Elena, but she is much better off" A distant relation of her husband allows liher three hundred a year, and she goes to Mr. Evans's office to receive it.' 'How very strange. Ihad no idea papa had any relations, and this one must be rich to do so much for my mother.' ' Well, we don't want his money, Elena. I daresay ha is rich. Your father was one of theo most distinguished looking men I ever met,' said the banker, graciously. His wife repaid him with a smile. 'You look more like yourself now, Elenia,' said Bryan Hastings, gently. 'I wish your smiles were not so rare. He spoke more kindly than he had done for months, but it was too late now. No gentle words of his could .ever unlock his wife's heart to him; he himself had caused it to be a sealed book. 'You must go to Rosamond for smiles,' said Mrs. Hastings, equably; ' she is always gay.' 'She is charming, and I know someone who thinks so.' 'Who 1' 'Lord Marsden. ' Do you think he means anything 7' 'Can't say, I'm sure,' laughing. 'He haunts the house and never seems happy elsewhere, but then he has a large fortune and an old name, while Miss Rosamond Stuart possesses a pretty face-and nothing.' ' He does come very often,' commented Dora,' but I never thought he cared for Rose.' MIrs. Hastings had not yet conquered her dislike for this member of the peerage, but she would have welcomed him gladly as Rosamond's lover. Dora's dislike for his lordship sprang only from his very marked and openly expressed admiration of herself. ' Are you going out this afternoon, Elena ?' ' I shall drive in the park with Rosamond, unless it is too hot.' 'Then I shall not see you again before diriner. I shall bring Lord Mlarsdon home with me.' Something in her tired face must have touched him, for he leant over the sofa and kissed her. 'Don't tire yourself in the heat, Elene.' A little after four the banker's carriage with its dashing bays entered the park. Rosamond, faithful to her colours, wore blue and white tastefully blended. Mrs. Hlas tings was dressed in neutral tints, the costly simplicity of her attire marking her perfect taste and her husband's liberality. In all the park there were no fairer faces than hers and Rosamond's It was a very silent drive. Mrs. Hastings was wondering what were her friend's senti ments for Lord Marsden. Miss Stuart's curiosity was aroused at Mr. Hasting's long tete-ih-tte with his wife They drove slowly on, meeting many people they know, and exchanging bows and greetings. As they passed near the seats occupied by weary pedestrians a woman specially attracted Rosamond's notice. She was quite alone, and seemed greatly to enjoy the gay scene. She nursed a black bag with devoted care, and looked admiringly at each carriage which passed, but the stare she bes towed on the banker's equipage fairly bewildered Rosamond ; the woman looked simply terrified, almost as though she had seen a ghost ; then she rushed off to another part of the park which the carriage must pass, and thus she obtained a second and nearer view. 'Do look at that woman,' said Rosamond, in a whisper to Mrs. Hastings. 'She is staring at you as though you were a ghost. I think she must be mad. Dorothea'Hastings gave one glance in the direction indicated by Rosamond, and then leant back in the carriage as though in pain ' She does not look mad, Rose.' Rosamond was puzzled. She relapsed into silence She had ample food for contempla tion. Why should a common woman take such a desperate interest in beautiful Mrs. Hastings, and why should the banker's wife when told of this lookl scared as the woman was pointed out to her, and lean back in her carriage that her face might not be seen ? Rosamond thought the whole afihir very strange. CIIHAPTER XX. Rosamond Stuart did not have much oppor tunity of finding out what had so puzzled her very soon after the drive related in the last chapter. The house in Park Lane was closed, and Mr. and Mrs. Hastings set out with their guest on the foreign trip from which Rosa- 1 mond anticipated much pleasure. If ever the number three ceased to be un lucky it was now. Rosamond was profoundly useful both to husband and wife. The dark eyed beauty smoothed over many difficulties, assisted to keep the banker in good humour, and was unremitting in her affection for dear Dorothea, and when Lord Marsden joined them, apparently quite by accident, she was able to spare a few smiles and bon mots for him. Henry Lord Marsden was a fair, effeminate- looking man about thirty, with great affectation of manner and much ster ling kindness hidden beneath an apparent carelessness. The young nobleman attached himself to the banker's party, and all the pleasant time they spent in the Black Forest he was with them. Doubtless he intended to marry Rosamond, yet he was oftener at the side of Mrs. Hastings. Probably he had studied etiquette, and thoughtit would be bad breeding to throw the husband and wife too much on their own resources, so when the four were divided into two pairs he always escorted Dorothea, and Rosamond fell to her host. It was more than a month after they had left England when at the table d'hfte at Baden a gentleman came up and claimed acquiaintance with Dorothea; a man of some sixty years, tall and stately-a gentleman and a soldier, every inch of him. 'Surely I cannot be mistaken in thinking I recognise Miss Yorke I' 'Colonel Ellerslie ! Is it possible 1' 'Indeed it is. And what have you been doing with yourself all these years ?' ' Not much.' 'You and your mother ran away from us all when your poor father died. I have often wondered what became of you. How is Mrs. Yorkle ? Is she in Baden ?' 'No, my mother is in England. She is pretty well.' 'But you are not here alone I' 'No I no !' chimed in Mr. Hastings, who was very glad to renew his acquaintance with so distinguished an officer as Colonel Ellerslie; 'she is with me. There is no protection like a husband's, you know.' 'Mer. Hastings. Ah! I remember you now. And so my little favourite of long ago has developed into a fashionable married lady I' 'Are you making any stay in Baden, Colonel Ellerslie 1' 'I am only wandering about at pleasure. I find that much more enjoyable than trying how much sight-seeing I can crowd into a given space.' 'You must spare us some of your time, sir. Such an old friend of my wife must be welcome to me.' Colonel Ellerslio accepted the invitation readily. Whilst they remained in Baden he saw a great deal of the Hastings. He treated Dorothea with all the kind familiarity of an old friend; but the brave soldier's sixty years of bachelor lifo could not prevent him from falling into the toils of blue-eyed Rosamond. Before a week had passed it was evident to all he was desperately in love with Miss Stuart, and- strange fact-Henry Lord Marsden did not appear in the least jealous. 'Will your young friend return to England with you ' the colonel asked one day of Mrs. Hastings, when they happened to be alone. 'Not; Rosamond has been away from her mother nearly a year. I am sure Mrs. Stuart will not be able to spare her longer. We shall take her back to Paris before we go on to Blanklshire.' 'Blankshire. You don't live in Blank shire ?' 'Indeed we do. My husband prefers the country, and so do I.' 'But the place inr Surrey. Surely you go theroeometimes ? You ought not to desert your father's old house, my dear young lady.' 'Colonel Ellerslie, I cannot think what you would mean. My father's home was with his regiment. He had no other.' 'Indeed, he had. For years, poor fellow, he was an exile to it, but the father who banished him is dead now, and by his will left his estate and wealth to his son Harold and his heirs for ever.' 'W hy have I never heard of this I' 'Probably no one ever guessed the identity of Lieutenant Yorko and Harold Yorke Kyrle of Lakewood.' 'Colonel Ellcrslie, was my father Sir George Kyrlo's son ?' ' Indeed he was, and by Sir George's will you are mistress of Laklcewood. Cecil Kyrle's a fine young fellow, but he has not behaved honourably about this.' 'He has-indeed he has. I know he sought the supposed Miss Kyrle far and wide. It ii not his fault. S'And your husband knows nothing of your prospects 1' ' How could I tell him what I did not know myself I' asked Dora simply. 'Colonel Ellerslie; will you do something for me for my father's sakle I' 'Willingly.' 'Then never let the story you have told me pass your lips. I know Sir Cecil Kyrlo and his wife. I would rather they kept Lakewood. It could bring me no pleasure. My husband is a rich man, and more money would not make us happier.' 'It is a very strange rdquest. Forgive I my saying so, but it is almost a fraud on your husband.' 'He likes me to be poor best. Believe me, Colonel Ellerslie, had I been an heiress Mr. Hastings would never have married me.' 'You have always hlad yoaur own way,' said the old officer, smiling, 'and I shall give it you now. Only remember if in the future you change your mind a word from me at any time will secure your rights.' Mrs. Hastings was fated to hold titoe-i tltes this morning. Very soon after Colonel Ellerslie had left her husband came in, a dark shadow on his hlandsome face. 'Elena,' he said, sharply, 'I shall leave Baden to-morrow. You had better toll your maid.' ' What has caused suchl a result ?' asked his wife, in surprise. ' I thought you meant to stay here at least another week.' 'I daresay you did.' 'Has anything annoyed you 1' TO BE CONTINUED. 