INTERRUPTED BICYCIE PROPOSAL And It. DI. sesalt oS. Far as .ihe Pair .Onet Ws mCoaserand. She was young and lair, and that was evidently the-'reason why he brought out her bicycle with surun promptness. She was wearing a sult of such perfection that it marked her as an amateui,'and '.the. druggst t the corner; glancing out of 'the` wlndow, asked his clerk an apparently irrelevarn question concerning the supply ?L arn Iea In stock -' ' *'Oh,-I-I'ni:.; hckdfgiý;flZl4eý she `quavered.. .'Do, yn really, think I can ever learnt?.. "Of course youcan, Misse Daisy; Just feel perfect confidence inme and-" "Oh, but-I always do that, Mr. Goldie. Oh-h, had I better try it to-day?" "Well, er, just as you. think.' He glanced at the thermometer. "If you think it too warm to-day, Miss Annie said-" "Oh, not a-bt I-I like warm weath er. By the way, don't you think dear Annie a wer' grasDing.sort or a girl?" \- "Most girls are grasping when th.y are learning to ride, Miss Daisy. He led the wheel Into the street and car-fully assisted her to mount. upon which several windowhblinds in near by residences began to move as if sud denly endowed with life. - "Now, all you hare 'to,do is to keep your feet on the pedales,and'don't bhe Itate to lean on me Mis Daisy. Why. eravo!" as the wheel moved ev-tnly down the street. - - "Am I doing quite right?" she asked. "Wonderfully, Miss Dalsy: ;hy. -ou don't seem to need any.help at ?ill" At this:Juncture,. however, the wheel hbean to wobble and its fatr lurden gave the ghost of a scream. "Wonderful. Miss Dai-y! Why. think that this is yourOflrst attm-pt t ride. I've never seen' guch--:" "Oh, I'm afraid you, flatter me. Mr. Goldie. - Of course, I've never tried to ride before, and I just 'knowv I'm aw fully awkward.. Oh, here come, poor, dear Annie with her, little brother helping her to ride. Perhaps it wouls be kindness not to notice her." "Perhaps so. Why, what a remark able girl you are, Miss Daisye I-T feel that a girl who can master a wheel on her first atempt would make a-Don't hesitate to lean on me Miss Daisy.' - "Oh, no, Mr. Goldie. you were say ing?" . - "Ah, yes, that a girl who can ride the first time she mounts; a wheel would make-" "Look out, there, Daisy," cried the girl who was wobbling down the street with the aid of a precocious looking small brother. "be careful in- turning .that,., corner; remember 'what - a hare fall you"got thot way last week at the riding school!" ' . . "You were saying, Mr:' Goldie." said the pretty girl, without-heedeng the in Iterrption, "that I would- make a-" "I was saying, Miss Falsely," replied the young man, and there were Idec:. in hi voice, "that I an sure you would make a capital actress! By the way, as you do not seem to need my assist ance, I think I shall go'and help Miss Annie a bit."-'Chicago Times-Herald. 