PERSONALITIES. Queen Marie Amelie of Portugal enjoys the distinction of being the first woman of Royal birth who has acquired the honour able right to plaoe the letters M.D. after her name. The tallest member of the English Bar is Mr Coward, whoBe 'linked length' reaches a height of six feet six inohes. He playfully speaks of himself as the 'greatest Coward at the Bar.' One of the shortest barristers is Dr. Ball, who reaohes liable higher than Mr Coward's watoh chain. Sir John Tenniel, who many years ago lost the sight of one of his eyes through his passion . for fenoing, is said to have borne this terrible disaster not only with fortitude but with cheerfulness. In answer to the condolences of a friend the artist said, with an almost grim faostiousness, ' At any rate, I shall be less conceited in future, beoause a lot of 'I' has been knocked out of me.' Maarten Maartens, the Dutch novelist, who is known among his own people as J. M W. Van de Poorten Sohwartz, is a barrister by edaoation and a landowner of large fortune, living in the pioturesque Castle oi Zuyiestein, between Utreoht and Arnheim. It is a characteristic Dutch oaatle, built many centuries ago, and has bo many traditions of ghost that only a man withont imagination would fed at home in it. The house is famous as one which Queen Mary's Prince of Orange frequently visited, and the King William rooms are tbe pride of the owner, and have been fitted np with Nassau-Orange relics. Wherever Miss Rhodes travels throughout 'the Dark Continent,' she is the centre oi the most lavish hospitality,, and many of the English visitors to Buluwayo daring the festivities oonneoted with the opening of the railway Btill speak with the greatest enthusiasm of the manner in whioh she entertained, almost in tbe heart of Africa, sneh a large number of guests. Her brother's beautifal home, Orooie Sohuur, a few miles from Cape Town, is one of the most hospitable houseB in the world, and it is there that Mr ' Rhodes is always Been at his best. Daring his reoeptions he drops the role of politician and empire builder, and genially plays the part of the country gentle man and the generous host. Some carious details are published regard ing the meals of the German Emperor. William II. is the fiiBt King of Prussia who has ever visited his kitohen. At ordinary times the Imperial Family have three meals a day. Tho Emperor prefers substantial dishes. For his breakfast be has eofiee, tea, eggs, beefsteaks, and veal or mntton outlets; for lnnoh he has soup, different kinds of meat, with vegetables, and roasts and sweets. The Emperor and Empress like to have guestB almost regularly to luuoh. Dinner takes plaoo at five or six o'olooh, or on specially formal oocasions at seven. This is the most lnxorions and elaborate meal of the day, and is served on gold and silver plate. The Emperor alwayH has a plate of oold moat, shortly before-retiring to rest. Lord Wolseley is almost as devoted to the pen as to the sword, and if he had not been fatod to bo a field-marshal he wonld beyond question have been a man of lettera. He rises early in the morning to write, and his offioial duties only commence when a pile of MS. testifies to nis industry with the pen. For some time past he has employed a num- hor of copyists in making extracts for him in archives of Venice. Gronberg, with its magnificent views and exhilarating air, is the favourite home of the Empress Fredetiok of Germany. Here she oan lead tbe simple, unostentatious life whioh she loves best. Every Sunday she may be seen in her favourite yellow phaeton driving into Homburg, where she alwayB attends service at the English ohuroh. She is muoh beloved in the district of Homburg as well for her unaffected amiability as for her large, if discriminating, oharity. The Marquess of Bute is possibly more than any British peer the arohitect of his own fortune. It is estimated that his fortane, if converted into gold, would represent a weight of at least eighty tons of bullion, and would require for its transport the utmost strength of fifty of his horses. His income may safely be estimated at £2,000 a day. Add to this sixteen titles, besides dignities in numerable, and five lordly pleasure houses, and it will readily be acknowledged that the Marquess has reason to think himself among the blessed of the earth. Cardiff has been to Lord Bute the source from whioh lnoky millions have flowed. _ It is interesting to note that no fewer than six of the Queen's ohildren and grand children have ohosen July as their wedding month. The ill-fated Princess Alice was married on the 1st of the month ; Princess Christian on the 6th ; the Dake of York on the 6th ; Prinodss Maud on the 22nd ; Prin cess Beatrice on tbe 23rd; and Prinoess Louise, Daohess of Fife, on the 27 th. Maroh appears to rank next to July in royal favour, tor in this month the Prince of Wales, the Marohioness of Lome and the Duke of Oonnaught began their wedded lives. Six horses, straining every nerve and splendidly ridden by some of the 'oraofc' jookeys of Amerioa, raced swiftly round a Nevada track some little time ago and came down the etretoh in magnifioent style. Of the three leading horses the last was ridden by a woman, who, sitting astride her steed, plied her whip and spur in masterly style, and clearly outrode her competitors. The woman was Mrs Bagwill, a .native of Nevada, who is probably the only female jockey in the world. Her experience as a jookey has not beeo very extensive, but of the five races in whioh she has ridden, twioe has her horse come in a winner, and never has she been outside a ' plaoe.' Mrs Bag- will is twenty-four years of age and has been married for five years. To fall from an altitude of 10,000ft. and during the fall to write a note to the effect that he was 'dying contentedly, having reached his term,' is the unique experience of an Italian aeronaut. The Vienna cor respondent of the 'Daily News' describes the fall. Signor. Merigni ascended, in his hallow to the height mentioned, at Graz, in Styria. The balloon burst suddenly and fell. At a distance of abont forty feet from the earth Signor Merighi threw himself oat of the ear. He broke one leg, and was taken np nnoonsoious, bat living, and taken to' a hospital. He states that at the height of 3,600 metres the balloon suddenly swelled to an enormous Bias, and though he im mediately opened the ventilator, it burst with a tremendous crash, and was rent open from top to bottom. It formed, however, a kind of dome, whioh served as a parachute, in the tremendous fall that followed. 