A Christmas Mask. [By U.X.L.] Author of ' Old Carl's Rug,' c The Cabbage Tree Man,' etc. (All Rights Reserved.) Continued. ' You're always sighing or got a face like a ghost,' said Harry Bertram, ' what's the good of you, your precious father don't send us 1 penny now he's married. You write again and tell him we shall soon be starving. ' I say, Nell, I have got new lodging, these are too dear, we are going to a little street where there are cheaper rooms to be got, so get ready, I'll be back in a hour, so pack up and write to Minna, and tell her you are going to have a baby and must have money, I have none. _ Those diamonds ought to have kept us some time, said Helen, in a timid voice.' ' Selling is one thing, buying is another ; I got very little, I can tell you, and that's nearly gone, you hurry or it will be worse for you.* Harry Bertram staggered to his feet, fumbled for a moment at the door handle and finally Helen heard him swearing at the stairs, and with that the house door closed with a bang. Helen leant her arms on the table, her face upon them she burst into tears. She wept until remembering that he might return, she rose from her seat weak and exhausted, sobs shaking her trembling form. Hastily she got together the boxes and bags that held their clothing. Sitting down again at the table, she began to write, her tears falling, her heart beating with fear as she listened for the foot steps ; she had not* learned to dread. He came in again soon, bidding her get ready as the cab was waiting for them. She gathered up her writing and followed him as he stag gered after the man who came for their small luggage. Harry did not speak a word and Helen with breaking heart looked out of the window, care ing very little where they went, but her heart stood still with disgust as she saw the shabby Httle house before which the cab stopped. It was in a dirty, narrow street. A shoemaker's card was in the window of the ground floor. The tapping noise of his hammer roused Helen, who stood amazed inside the open door. * Harry,' she cried, ' what place is this you have brought me to ? I have been moved to seven or eight different lodgings, each place worse than the other.' ? Good enough,' grumbled Harry, c come along, we must live cheap until the old man comes round. Don't stand there, follow me, I say, and lend a hand with the boxes. ' A little thin woman made her appearance, coming in from the street. Are you the new comers r You re Mr. and Mrs. Bertram, I suppose, and have the room next to me, well Til show you the way and carry something, too. Mrs. Lupin, the landlady is out looking after her beauty of a husband, who is drunk as usual and must be got sober by night, and get into his dress.suit, to go and play at the Concert Hall.' Harry Bertram frowned at the skinny old lady, but was amazed when she, with ease, carried the box Helen was trying to get up the narrow stair. He blundered up after the two women, the stranger leading the way. She opened a door saying, ' this is yours, I'm Miss West, a lodger. Mrs. Lupin always leaves me in charge when she is after Lupin.9 Harry threw down his load on the floor, and him 3elf in a chair, without speakinga word. Half drunk, as he was, he felt ashamed as he saw Helen look around the miserable room in mute amazement. ? Write to your father, Nell, and tell him what a home you have, and perhaps he — he will give up your money — my money it ought to be.' Helen did not answer, she looked at the dingy bed in the corner, the shabby bit of car pet before the fire-place, the little tumble- down washing stand, the chairs, the cups and plates on the corner shelf, and her thoughts flew back to her home at Cleeve — she could not weep From bad to worse she had gone on, how would it end*' Miss West had noticed the dumb grief of Helen, and thought to herself ? he drinks and she suffers for it. ' Harry looked up and saw the little woman ctill in tli*» ronm * I say.' he said, ' this is my room, so you go out, we don't want prying old women about.' Harry did not stay long with his wife, her silent grief made even his blunted feelings quail before her sorrow-stricken face. He longed to get away from her. Miss West, after he had gone, went in and found Helen sitting cold and motionless on a chair. * Poor gir!,' she said, ' she is in trouble, and to Helen she continued, 'you mustn't mind -ne, I only mean well, I'll bring you a nice cup of tea and help you to put this room tidy — come like a good g rl, cheer up, I can see you aint used to one room up stairs ; I am you know — I am sorry for you. Helen burst into tears. Miss West stood by for a moment, and then she rushed into her room, returning with a cup of tea in her hand. ' Drink this,' she said, * and lie down, you are so tired, and don't cry, it's no good, my dear, I've cried with hunger many a time, but now I have a little to keep me, I am content.' 4 You are very kind,' said Helen, ' I will lie down, for I feel so weary.' Helen laid her head on the coarse pillow and closed her eyes, and sleep came to her after a a time. Harry came and looked at her, and then went out again to the haunts of pleasure among tiplers like himself. Mr. Lupin his landlord was called the ' professor,' and played ibe piano for a cheap concert hall, but he was notorious diunkard, and often the music was very noisy, and the ' professor' was seen sway ing about on his seat, giving a bang occasionally on the keys and grinning at the audience ; this did very well now and then, but the singers began to mutiny, so the proprietor insisted that the professor should come sober. Harry had made Helen write again to her father, but as usual, they had no reply. Lately he had been trying to make her go to him and ask for help, but in this, the hitherto trembling and obedient wife, had shown a spirit that surprised Harry Bertram. She would not face her father, all his threats, his anger, had no effect, she would write to Mr. Cleeve but that was useless. Everything was now gone in the way of jewellery. Mrs Lupin had been sell ing her dresses which were useless in her poor 