CHAPTER SIL BRACE LET and some old lace from | Mud a me Hart 4 m a n n , With 1 o v i n g felicita tions fb my dear niece Valerio"; a dainty watch, exquisitely enam elled, from Dr. Weber, 44 With affectionnto wishes from an old friend a set of flower Tases from the servants in Crow's Nest, 44 With dutiful respects to our young mistress"; a fan. upon each leaf of which was an allegory, a poetical fancy, or a scene from nature, painted by Bernard Muubray, " To Valerie, with her father's love " ; a bouquet of white and red roses tied with u ribbon on which was inscribed, "^Yom Maurico to Valeric1'; \ p flowers and remembrances fron I" friends by whom she was loved, 1& £ room, and on the table by which 1 ?■ sitting on her twenty-third birthd £. noon of a beautiful day in Jun i things contributed to the youn* g 1 ness : the soft breeze, the droamr '*■ ness; the soft breeze, the dreamy rustling of the leaves, were in ha £ Valerie's mood. g; Uneventful as her life nppc-a ~ been, she had passed through a s! :: to bear because, like a mother pn ^ young, she had taken its full for & shoulders; but Ibis heart-trial wa peace held oufc his arms to her. % at tho gifts, and, moving abot handled them gratefully and te $d tho dumb memorials there was a s gu* which 6poke to her in loving accen ^ ing her natal day with affection w ht, and richly deserved. Gentle and |c who came iu contact with her, rec ^ differences in social rank as a clai £ measure of her regard, no les3 mei ^ poor than to the rich, it would strange indeed had she fail affection, for though there & that is mean and tiino-scrvin; g] world, there are beneath this b h: sterling qualities which ring true wi w: witliin the influence of such unselfis IS as Valerie showed to high and low gifts by which she was surro't E proofs of this. They were the ujjj? w:ird of the efforts of an unselflfis they spoke of tho past and the pfij the bouquet of roses, emblem of fig sang its silent song of love. SinJK chair, she raised tho flowers to lS£! kissed them, and with her dosed <S| lightly on the leaves s*w visions w*» her soul with a sacred joy. ThSrj springtime of her lifo ; the promise^ was smiling upon her. There ba<3g days in tho post, days of sorrow anK1 in which she had watched the fading, dear to her and most dear to her fag enlightened by a word of sympathy somo time thereafter ebc had iS peace ; but on this happy day tg were forgotten in the reverie intoS had fallen, wherciu was depicted & colours the realisation of a maiden'E hopes. fig Bernard Maubray entered tbe rE she was thus engaged, and so ubJg she that she was not aware of bisg He stood regarding her with a tag divining her thoughts, and 6yrapg recalling the time when he himselfg in dreams such as this dear child ofg was' dreaming. His love forK mother and for Gabriclle had not fg his memory, but had merged itself & for the one being of bis blood wig to him—a love as absorbing as tig tho young girl eutcrtained for g "Thus did I once dream,11 hsg 11 May she bo spared the shadows® upon my life!" Presently he laidj£ upon her shoulder, ana she open® and blushed; but she did not lay t! aside. He bad come from bis stoi Ruined Tower, where, with Friduffi he had been engaged since brcaifj new picture of Uudine. His firsts of Frida. I 441 have given her an hour's rest! 44 If we overtire our models somctl which it is hard to regain. Fridifi eure; her capacity for expressicr ordinary. These outwardly plari have strong hidden currents int| opportunity brings to the surface.*fi *' Then you have dpno well this ff said Valerie, slipping her hand iul took his scat at her sido. J •♦Does tho artist ever do wes joined. 44 Is he ever satisfied? J of an ideal and painta it in fairy c muses, he exults, he stands bcforeK and commences with fervour. T<fl ho says, under his breath, 11 will a great work,* and to-day, when 1 the lubours of yesterday, he trembles, he sits in scornful jud j his masterpiece, which he finds ufl bungling piece of work. Well fJ his vain boost was not heard.*' | 44 But it is always so with the tfl Valerie, kissiug his hand. g 44 Yes, it is always so with hirnl formance never realises the dreaij ho haunted by mocking ghosts, | tortured by fears of failure. Do| heights be topples in his own ^ finds himself but common clay, fato of the pigmy who in a believed himself a giant.** 44 Maurice says that is the feeling. We arc not competenl ourselves.*' r 14Are we not indeed?" hoi tionatcly. 44 So Maurice has beca iflto conversations upon art for I of airing bis views. It is all Maurico snvs—Maurice tbo inTr infallible, wiio issues bis uliimatu us to question it. Pray,-who coi tho judgo? What credentials what school has ho learned to cori the artistic scrsc, tho artistic pj How easy it is to be a critic I f from school presume to mar or ij tions, preeumo to say, 4 Well done,1 their beardless chins suggest imp |p shadow and outliue. This is tlx ft is to-day. I was not uwarc ti he was a painter, Valerie." ,E ft in A School Dentists* Society hns itl in connection with the Dental II( $ hind street, Loudon. At tho inr turo it was stated that less than 1< school hoys and girls of an ave 12 do not rc^juiro tutuo treatment teeth. 