THE NOVELIST. "THROUGH A MAZE." ; . CHAPTER XIII. 3 ' You are your mother's daughter,' Miss Elinloigh answered, tears dimming her soft oyos. ' SI10 was often hero. She might have married her cousin, and have boou Lady Loraino, but for that cruel infatuation for Colonel Wavorloy. Poor, -pfcoKKatliorino. And that you, hor child, sliouldj think you , lravo no right here. Ask'tlio Marquis. I would nover havo c aid; this, not for the world would I have aid it, Nance, but you forced it from mo,' Miss Elmloigh went on agitated. 'Jily cousins aro a most happy couplo. But Loriano's firiit lovo was your inothor ; and .1. havo oftou thought that Arthur's 'iikoiioss to hor has mado his undo doubly fond of him.' Lord Loriano loved my mother 1' questioned Nanco regretfully. Her heart warmed to the unknown Mnrquis, and relented somewhat respecting the idea of dopqndoney, the subject which was so bitter to hor. 1 You must never, novor givo it a second thought,' said hor aunt solemnly, wiping her: oyos. 1 If I havo acted treasonably towards my dear good cousin Bertha in telling you, may Heaven forgive inc. But it was too terrible, now that you havo fio'oii ' mercifully brought safely home, to thq.only homo which is fit for you, to think that you should do as your poor dear mother did, and ruin your lifo by ywiir precipitancy.' V'I will not precipitate, doar aunt,' Nance premised, touchod and humble, ' but it is so dreadful to bo a burden.' ' Not another word, Nanco, said Miss Elmloigh, as sternly as it was possible for soigontlo a creature to speak, as alio drew herself up, and settled her loco shawl about her slim shoulders, ' at least not to mo.- ;. If ! you porsist in imitating poor Kutlierino in her 0110 and only failing, belief in own foolish notions, you must uppeal to your cousin Loriano, who, as t'io head of tlio family, has moral authority ovor you, I havo nono.' Ilor ultimatum delivored, Miss Elm loigh, softened again ; and, although dur ing the reuiaindor of tho ovoning, until sho cumo into her noice's room and imprinted a mate.mal kiss upon her forehead as _ she lay: in bed, hor manner was inoro dignified and a shade less familiar than before Nanco's bold utterance of her sontimonts, sho,> wns uniformly cordial nnd ovon affectionate, J I supposo I am dosporately ungrateful to rdvoryboy,' Nanco thought, before sho fell oslcop, 1 to Jean, Mrs. Grant, all at Rosccommon, especially Mr. Herbert; to Sir. Armstrong, who did mo the great honour of wishing 1110 to bo his wifo, to Mrs. whverley, after sho forgot my behaviour as a stepdaughter and offered 1110 a homo, and now to the Elmleighs. It must not be, it shall not bo. I will try.to accept kindness humbly and grate fully, I will turn over a now leaf.' And tho noxt day sho did. Sho camo into her aunt's sitting-room, where they were to breakfast, looking sweet, fresh, and perhaps hnppior than alio had ovor looked sincu her mothor's death. .Miss Elmlcigli, awaiting her, glanced up from tho letters sho was" reading and smiled from relief, a relief which was intensified whan Nance, after sho had stooped and kissed hor delicate withered cheek, said — ' Aunt, I am wisor than I was yester- day!'- ' I am glad to hoar it, my dear I' replied her aunt. 'And now wo will forgot all aliout any nonsense of that soit, and bo happy, I hopo. Wo have more than a week in which to muko each othor's acquaintance before our cousins arrivo home.' It wns certainly a peaceful happy week to Nanco. Her aunt devoted librsolf to tho furtherance of hor young neico's onjoymont of hor new lioautiful homo. They spoilt their morn ings wandering about the gardens nnd grounds, and in tho afternoons tlioy ilrovo to sco tho picturesque spots of the neighbourhood. Tho ovonings tlioy passed quietly in Miss Elmloigh's room, talking ATiuu TElmlnirrh wmt prcHulcnfe of tho local Ladies' Needle- work Guild, Lady Loraino having more than enough on her hands already, nnd it was a point of honour for her to sond in more contribution!) than did tho Indies on tho committee or ordinary members. Nance found that to assist hor aunt ovon in a small way would mean close and constant' work. After a very fowdays had passed sho folt sottlcd and restful, more occupied by present scones and doings than with the past, from tho con templation of which indeed she turned with a certain loathing. Why J Nance was truthful with herself. Sho well know why sho shrank from facing the memories of Rosccommon. Tho recol lection of hor acquaintance with Basil, of the accidont, of his sudden passionate wooing, of tho return of his ring, tho gossip, nnd tho incidont of their meoting, all brought kcon unmitigated pain. Sho' lived resolutely in tho present. There occurred one slight difference of opinion, a gontlc, suavely oxprcsscd difference, which could hardly bo termed ah altercation, when Miss Elmloigh an nounced her iufloxiblc determination not to allow her nioco to writo to her frionds at Rosecomnion, but to take tho matter into her own hands, and herself thank thorn for post kindncs, informing thorn of Nauru's 'return homo to her nearest relatives.' But that was all. As tho days passed, and Miss Elmlcigh's letters remained unacknowledged, Nance felt uneasy now und again. Deciding how- oycr that Mrs. Grant and Jean had good causo for offence, and that sho must bo reconciled to the inevitable fact that sho dUgustcd them, she put ovon thoso thoughts from her, and lived a new lifa. To hor surprise, sho found horsolf more keenly interested in tho Lorainos, in their return, in the lioir, Captain Elm loigh, her cousin, and his brido, than sho had ever been interested in anything sinco her mother's death. Every day, as sho passed tho picture of tho boy with his nrm round tho big dog, sho stood for- a few moments nnd gazed at tho hand t soino, fcnrlcss young face, with tho brighr oyos which wore so itrangoly like hor, mother's. If tho boy wore so liko hoe would not tho man bo still more so 1 sh wbridcred. By all accounts Arthur Elm loigh added to a numbor of gifts, mental nnd physical, o peculiar fascination, which mado frionds nnd admirers of all who caine into contact with him, both equals and inforiors.. If only I10 wore to dovclopo a brothorly interest in her, it would seem as if she had soino one with hor nearly related to her sweet, tendor mother. ' If ho is as bravo and gonorous as tlioy say, I may come to bo like a littlo sister to him,' sho thought somotimos. As tho timo drew near for tho return of tho Mnrquis nnd Marchioness, and tho arrival of tho distinguished guests, tho quiet Castlo awoko into busy lifo. Work- inon and sorvants appoarcd ovcrywhoro ; there wore sounds of hammering, scouring, carpotbeating ; there was n hurrying to and fro of tho various employes of tho London firms who were commissioned to arrango the botrotlinl ball. Carts, flys, and ovon carriages were constantly driving across tho park. Tho doer dis appeared from the front of tho Castlo and returned, sliy creatures, to giaucs nir away from oven a bridle-path. Nanco saw loss of Bliss Elmlcigli, who was being porpotuallv summoned to givo audience to some official or otlior. Mennwhilo Nanco's outfit was nearly complete. Sho bad any nuinbor of dainty garments nnd items of tho toilet which, in their dolicocy and beauty, surpassed her most daring dreams. Slio had a silver-fitted drcssing-caso and n set of silver brushes with hor monogram on tlicm. Tea-gowns, dressing-gowns, protty slippers, Hnrpor had only to suggest a purchase to Miss Elmlcigli, and it was mode. Nanco could hardly bclicvo that tho exquisite frocks hanging ill tho wardrobo or lying full- length in tho box-ottomans could bo her very own, although sho had Btood many half-hours CO DO niCOU, Uluj nliro oU CUoUji wi nuuu matchless quality 1 Thero woro thin summor morning frocks, silken ovoning gowns, and tho ball-dress, ovor which Miss Elmleigh had had long consultations with tho dressmaker in tho workroom, wlioro tho sowing-machinos clattered away from morn till night. Tho ball- dress was of soft white silk, billowy with tullo, and wreathed with dolicato water- plants. Miss Elmleigh had seen a German picture of a naiad, which bad mado an impression upon liar, during one of hor wanderings abroad, and this was a rominiscanco. When Nance was arrayed in it for her aunt to judge tho offoct, sho hardly know herself as sho gazed in tho glass. ' If only he could sco mo now 1' was her unbidden thought. That sho should havo thought of Basil again, nnd with such a deadly thrill of bitter regret, was discouraging. But sho made up hor mind to forgot, if by slow degrees; so she smothered hor smoulder ing heartburning, and sot herself to bo an Elmloigh among tho Elmleighs. CHAPTER XIV. Tub day of many arrivals at tho Castlo dawned. Lord nnd Lady Loraino woro to arrivo for luncheon. At ono o'clock Miss Elmleigh, in one of hor daintost laco-and- flower caps and most dclicnto-hucd silk gowns, camo to Nanco's room. ' Tho carriago left for the station half an hour ago — wo lmd bottor go down to bo ready to recivo them,' sho said with evident approval as Nanco, who woro air ombroidercd Indian-muslin frock nnd a pala la vendor sash. Miss Elmleigh, as sho moved about tho Castlo, liked loaning on her niece's arm instead of on tho gold- headed enne which had been hor support beforo Nance's arrival ; and thus she entered the inner hall, where tho tall inon-sorvnnts in their black liveries moved respectfully asido for them to pass. Almost as Miss Elmleigh entered tho outer hall the carriago drove up to tho doer, and a tall gray-haired man stepped out quickly and assisted his companion to nlight. Nance, with hoavily throbbinj heart, saw in Lord Loraino an ideal heat of nn ancient family. Tall, broad- shouldered, soldierly, bo had proud clear- cut features. As ha gavo.iiis arm to Lady Loraino, a tall fair woman with a Hwcat grave countenance and a dignified carriago, ho glanced towards tho group in tho outer hall, and an odd look came into his eyes— of scrutiny, surpriso— and was thero not a suggestion of contempt 7 Iiu Knows WHO A UIU) liUUUgtlte IIUIWC! flinching ; 'and so does she' — for, as Lady Loraine saw her, sho smiled. Miss Elmleigh, who, as she grow older, bocamo more punctilious — tho servants said 'fidgety' — had indeed thought it best to lot her cousins know that that tho young relatives who had bcon so contu macious as at first to refuse thoir generous offer of a home was domicilod at Elmleigh Castle, , and hnd bcon recoivod by hor ns a returned prodigal. Tho first few moments with herunknown relatives wore bod ones to Nance. Al though Lady Loraino kissed her cheek, with, I am glad to welcome you here, my dear !' sho turned immediately to Miss Elmloigh, and wont off up- stairs with hor in close conversation. Nanco was left with tho Marquis, who began making inquiries of the groom-of- tho-chambcrx and the house-steward. What wus sho to do? Slio stood waiting, hesitating, nnd was on tho point of rush ing off, when his lordship suddenly turned to hor. 'Cousin Nance, I think 7' I10 said gravely, taking her hand in his ' A good old- fashioned ' English name — ono with momories among tho Elmleighs i Wo will follow my lady.' Ho motioned to her to precede him. .'You aro not liko your poor mother,' was his next speech, ns tlioy slowly ascondod tho stairenso. 'But you remind me of somo one. Who can it be, now 7' 'Miss Elmloigh — aunt Susan— says I am liko Dame Isobol,' said Nanco defer- entially, thinking that slio must set to work to convince tho Marquis nnd Mar chioness that sho was not ungrateful— as by some snbtle feeling she know tlioy thought her. ' Dame Isobol 1' Ho turned and looked steadily at her. ' You are — moro's the pity 1' he said, turning away with a sigh, and continuing his way through tho firat picture-gallery. ' Thero she is 1 Do not run away with the idea that she was not sans, pear ot sans reproche — no unworthy Elmloigh is represented on those walls," lie added, with a suggestion of scorn. 'Thero havo been such, naturally — tlioro aro black sheep in family — but the woll- hnown Damo Isobol was not 0110. She had the true Elmleigh dignity. But her self-will has passed into a proverb. You have not scon any of us before, I think 7' ' No,' Nance answered, a little fluttered by tho contemptuous tono in which ho uttered the last words. ' You thought wo should devour you, oh V ho added with a sinilo. ' That tills was ogre's castlo J' No,' 'Nance began, fooling desperately how strange her refusal must havo scorned to hor cousins. ' Ah, woll, nover mind— you aro here now! Bottor lato than never !' I10 said good-humourcdly, interrupting her us sho began a somowhat incoherent explanation or apology ; and, scoing his valet ahead, ho called to liini, and Nanco slipped away into hor aunt's sitting-room. What was it about tho. Marquis that reminded her of somo ono— nnd who was tiie somo ono of whom ho reminded her 7 As Nanco later on mndo one of tho party of four at luncheon in tho great dining- rooin, nnd listened dreamily to tho talk of hor cousins and aunt of matters in which it was hard to believe sho bad a share— of the coming tesiiviucs, 01 wiu uuu, it vuu rcdoubtablo Arthur nnd his intended brido, botli of whom woro arriving that dav — alio grow more and moro puzzled by- cortain expressions uud gestures of Lord Loinino's, and by littlo tricks of speech and modulations of tho voico. Did thoy remind her of her mother 7 No. Ilcr mothor was sweet, charming, refined, and dignified. Theso little traits woro viva cious, forcible, nnd peculiarly masculino. Lord Loraino was the first male relativo sho hnd met— for Colonel Wnvcrloy had only ono brother, with whom and with whoso family I10 was ' not on good terms.' After listening and wondering for somo time, slio folt thoroughly porplexed. Although tho guests began to arrive shortly after luncheon — Lord and Lady Vnvasour, Lady Mildred's cousins, first, a I/OIOHOI v Avcy noxu, MIUU Littloham and his wife — tho Dean was formerly tutor to tho Marquis — and, lastly, too Dukoand Duchess of Wostland, and Lady Hildred Manners— it was a lonoly day for Nanco. Kind though tho Lorainc's wcro — after luncheon tho Marchioness had sat with tho girl soino timo on a couch in the innor hall, Nanco's hand in hers, talking to hor gently of her mother, and, when alio was called away to see somo one, had dismissed her youn; orphan cousin with a kiss — Nanco couh not feel othorwwo than strange, as alio sat on a window-scat of tho topmost corridor, whoro tho disusod nursories wore, listening to tho many atrango -voices which floated up from below, and watching tho arrivals — for hor window was a littfo to the loft of tho great entrance. 4 If only I had Jean hero it would bo different V sho thought. 1 Oh, why— why did I not havo a sister ? A brother would havo been better than nothing. By-and-by, sho know, aho would dearly lovo hor good cousins, tho Loraincs. But none of them were young. It was youth — ino iroeuom ui mu vtpmiivj' v. companionship — which was lacking. She wns wondering whethor hor cousin Arthur and his betrothed would bo too much wrapped up in each other to favour hor with a littlo of thoir company, whon Harper camo along tho corridor. "'Up hero allalono, Miss Nance, dearie 7' sho said, in licr kind respootful way. Tho good woman lmd quite taken hor mistress's niece to hor heart. ' A lot of company have coino — such smart fussy maids — I am afraid tlioy will bo thinking mo a dreadful dowdy and slow- coach ! But Mr. Arthur — I beg his pardon, I'm sure— I nover can remembor that he's Captain now ho hasn't come — nor tho Duke nnd Duchess, nnd Lady Hildred. There, now. Isn't that funny'7 That's tho carringo with thorn I Look out, Miss Nanco ! That little gontloinan with tho gray hair is tho Duke; and that's tho Duchess getting out now. She's very stout. And isn't her face red— poor soul 1 Thoy say her heart isn't all right. Sho takes hor time, you sco I Thero 1 Now slio's out. And hero comes Lady Hildred. She's very handsome — isn't she 7' Nance, glancing down, saw descending from tho landau a tall slender girl, with tho graceful solf-possossion of a princess, whoso dark head was proudly set upon a long graceful neck nnd beautifully-rounded shouldors. Dressed in somo light sheeny material, sho seemed to float out of tho carriago and up tho wido stono steps into but hor features were perfect, and thero was a delicate flush on her palo olive face. 'Thoy do say sho uses rougo,' said Harper, shaking hor head ; ' but I don't believo it. She's too proud to do it. That's just what mado the difficulty, I think, dearie. Mr. Arthur being so hasty and passionate — always in a hurry to do what takos his fancy — and hot- tempered — my, tho men- servants fly when ho gives his orders — thero isn't much doubt about that 1 And sho — well, I've heard people say sho reminds thoin of a statue. ' Thoy say oppositcs get on host wlion tlioy oro married, Harper,' said Nanco, sighing. Her first glimpse of Lady Hildred had dashed all hopo of nny girlish friendliness in that quarter. 'How alio will despise — look down upon mo ! ' lmd been Nance's first thought as slio saw her. Oil, well, miss, I am suro I hopo thoy will get on whon thoy aro bound to raako tho test of each othor,' returned Harper sontentiously. 'But I must not stop dawdling lioro. Which will you year to night, miss, tho white Liberty or tho pale green 7 Tho polo greon. Woll, I think you're right. Lady Ilildrcd's protty suro to wear white, and it'll mako a varioty.' And tho old woman bustled off. ' Sho is very beautiful, thero is no doubt about that I' thought Nance. Then the tea-hell rang from tho stables, or, rather tho five o'clock bell which told those without tho Castlo that afternoon tea was proceeding ; nnd, after going to her room to smooth h'cr hair, Nanco proceeded downstairs to face lior ordeal, her introduction to Lady Lorain's guests, who knew of her only a3 tho oflspring of tho shocking mcssallianco which lmd alienated Kutlierino Elmloigh from hor family. As she went slowly, reluctantly down stairs, sho heard voices and laughter, and, entering tho inner hall, which was richly furnished us a witlidrawing-room, sho found Lord and Lady Loraino and thoir guests, seated orstandingabout,takingtca. Sovoral of tho men-guests woro fetching and carrying tea-cups — servants wcro dis missed at this unconventional meal. Lady Loraine sat before tho tca-equippago. On ono side tho portly 'Duchess, who was fanning herself; on tho othor aido was Lady Vavasour, a protty littlo woman, nnttily drossed, with bright oyes nnd wavy hair ; sho was chatting vivaciously to Miss Elmloigh. Lord Loiaino was stand ing apart, listening to tho grny-haired littlo Duko, who was a head shorter than himself, but who was onorgotically advan cing or defending one of his pot theories, of which ho hnd ninny. At first Nanco did not soo Lady Hildrod ; but, as alio camo up quiotly and soatcd hcrsolf near her aunt, slio caught sight of a girl in white, tall, slim, and tho perfection _ of graco in ovory lino and curve, standing against tho heavy maroon-velvet window- curtain, tea-cup in hand, talking to her cousin, Lord Vavasour, a tall man with a red board, husband of tho natty littlo lady with tho bright oyos. 'Ah, tlioro !b Nanco 1' said Lady Loraine. ' Come lioro, my doar 1' Then, to tho Duchess, ' This is poor Kathorino s child — our child now, I hopo 1' ' iiiu juueness put up nor laid down hor fan. ' I am sure I am very glad to soo you, my dear !' sho said, ia a kindly motliorly tone. 'Como and sit lioro. You havo not been to tho Castlo before 7 How delighted you must bo 1 I always say I am novor half so comfortablo anywhere as at Elmloigh. Only tho stairs aro trying to mo, you know. Of courso you young pcoplo don't think of such things! Bertha, my dear, you really must porsuado Loraino to havo a lift mado 1 Surely thoy could introduco ono somowlioro I You must bo friends with' Hildred, my dear. Sho will bo your cousin by-and-byo, I supposo. You know your cousin Arthur 7 No J Woll, you do astonish mo I It sooms so curious 1 Hildred, como and bo introduced to a UUUIHI vt irviiura wuu iitw MWM him.1 As tho Duchess addressed hor daughter, Lady Hildred turned round, and Nanco saw her fnco, and marvelled, at her beauty, for tho creamy skin with tho warm poach-like flush, tho broad forehead with tho pencilled brows, tho straight nose, tho proud curved mouth, and the dcop-bluo eyes with tho curling black lashes, combined to make a typo of tho rarest loveliness. But, as sho camo across to her mother, and looked with thoso scrcno lovely oyos at Nanco, thoro was a stony calm on tho porfoct fnco, nil cxprcssionlcssncss which chilled Nnnco. 4 How do you do ?' sho said, in quiot measured tonos. Sho had a sweet rich voice, but invariably npoko in a calm slow way. 4 You aro Miss VTavcrloy, aro you not V 'Nanco, Nanco Waverloy,' answered Nanco. And sho blushed. Lady Ilildrcd looked slightly aston ished ; and Nanco folt that, in comparison with hor, she was 4 a poor, common littlo creature.1 VII, OtolU AAUUIWVi, VTtlUV ""O that my mothor said 7 You do not know Arthur yot 7 Ho is peculiar. Thoy all think him perfection hero, you know. It is quite a 'cult.' If you toko my advice, you will not join in the Arthur- worship. I consider that ho is dreadfully spoiled I But all young mon are drcad- fully spoiled nowadays. Do you not think so 7' ' I do not know, I havo no brothors,' replied Nanco bluntly. ' I have not seen many young men.' Lady Hildred gave her a stare, which, though perfectly well-bred, expressed extremo astoniBlimont, and then turned away to speak to the Dean, a learned- looking old gentleman, who camo up to hor. At that moment a footman camo in and stood at Lady Loraine's elbow with a telegram. ' Oh, dear mo 1' There was annoyance, or, rather, disappointment in tho Mar chioness's look and tono as she road tho message. ' How tiresome 7' Neither Arthur nor his brother officers can bo hero until quite lato this evening.' ' I dare say we shall manage to exist without them for a fow hours, Lady Loraino,' said Lady Hildrod indifferently. ' Lord Loraino has challenged ' me to chess. Wo can havo a gamo quietly after dinner.' 'It is an ill-wind that blows nobody good, oh, Dean V said tho Marquis, coining across tho room. Nance noticed that thoro was a particular doforoncc, a fino gallantry, in his manner to his future nioco. Ho ovidontly highly ap proved of tho marriage. After a while Lady Hildred went to a grand piano, which stood in a corner, and played, tho Marquis leaning on tho instrument and listening witli manifest onjoymont. Sho played with a firm touch and extraordinary neatness of execution. A littlo later however, whon sho began a proludo of Chopin's which Mrs. Waverloy had been used to play, Nanco's mother had a soul for music, and really loved it, Nanco stolo softly up-stairs. Sho could not bear it. Altogether, she reflected, after sho had declined Ilarpor's further assistance nnd wns left nlono to don her ovoning finery, Lady Hildred had made an unpleasant impression upon her. Sho was beautiful, very beautiful, accomplished, gifted. ' But how could sho bring hcrsolf to spenk of tho man she loves, tho man who is to bo her husband, liko that 7' Nnnco wondered, pausing in hor task of dressing herself and glancing around. Tho sun was setting. A crimson glory in the sky was reflected on tho landscapo without, nnd tinged tho various objects in tho room with a rosy red. Somehow, when tlioro was a glow in tho sky, whon tho earth was flooded with tho sunshine, Nanco thought of Basil. ' Oh, Basil,' sho murmured now, with a throb of angush, and sho sat down upon tho. pretty sofa at tho foot of her bed, feeling suddenly weak and spent, 'you were, that was all it was, I boliovo, a spoiled child 1 You hurt mo bitterly, cruelly, although I do not think you meant it, you played with mo as a boy plays with a poor bird, bat nover, never could I havo spoken of you to any ono as Lady Hildred spoko of Arthur Elmloigh today 1' All tho burning recollections of tho days when she was under tho spell cast by Basil roso in lior mind. For many minutes Nanco could not recover horsolf, she was powerless to stem tho tido of tho young passionate lovo aroused by tho strangor who had called himself ' Captain Smythc.' At first, whon sho discovered that tho nnmo ho had given was an ossumod ono, sho had been angry, oho liad disbelieved in his integrity; but tho want of faith had been but temporary ; sho know now that it hnd bcon as a more passing mist, concealing her real aenti- raonts from liorsclf. As sho sat thoro watching tho rapidly-fading sunset, she know that alio boliovcd in Basil, bo- liovcd that ovoi y word ho had said to hor had boon said in good faith, that, whatever might ho tho rcoson of his subterfuge, of his soorocy, his silonco, lio. was true. When ho asked her to trust' him, tho question had como from tho depth of his heart ; and, nnd . .. ' I shall never, novor sco him again,' sho thought, with intonsest pain, ' novor, yot I shall lovo him till I die ! Novor, novor, happon what may, can I core for any other man I' Tho littlo storm of emotion scorned to roliovo tho tension of her footings. _ Sho arrayed herself calmly in her dolioato greon gown, and, and, fastening a spray of tiny white rosos in 'tho laco upon hor breast, sho wont slowly down-stairs.: Rtif. nlin u»an rliainoltnnrl fur mnVflrsatlOIl. Sho sat silontly through tho splondid dinner, noting tho jowols sparkling at tho throats and on tho fingers of tho Indies, admiring tho flowers and the pyramids of fruit in tho gold oporgnos, and listening to tho talk. After dinnor thoy all adjourned to tho picturogallory. and, whiio somo plnyed cards, othors billiards, and Lady Hildred tho promised gamo of chess with tho Marquis, Nanco Bat at tho piano playing softly and dreamily tho pioces hor mothor hod taught hor. Hor cousin Lady Loraino camo up, and, patting her on tho shoulder, praised hor playing; and hor- aunt, who sat noar for some timo, said at tho finish — ' Vorj nico indood, doar 1 Yours is such ladylike playing !' It was a auiot dreamy ovoning until ten o'clock struck, when carriago-whcols wore heard, dogs barked, and tho hall- boll gnvo a long peal. ' Arthur 1 cried Lady Loraino ecstatic ally, clasping her hands. And alio hurried out. Lord Loraino half rose, nnd glanced eagerly nt Lady Hildred. Sho laughed. ' I shall checkmako you beforo ho is up stairs,' sho said ; nnd tho Mnrquis somowhat reluctantly sat down again. Nanco marvelled. 'If that is tho way girls should treat tho raon thoy care for, and I supposo it is tho propor way, or such a well-bred girl would not do it, what must ho hnvo thought mo 7' sho wondered. Tho hot blood suffused lior face ns sho recalled how, on thoir very second meet ing, sho had allowed Basil to mako lovo unropulscd, sho might ovon bo said to havo met liim linlf-way. Remembering her abandonment to tho glamour of a first sudden lovo, sho felt such a now sense of sliamo that, seeing that her aunt had followed Lady Loraino out of tho gallery, and that only tho ' grand strangers ' and tho Mnrquis remained, sho stole away quietly, and disappeared up-stairs by a sido staircase. 'They will not miss me,' sho thought forlornly, as sho mado hor way slowly to hor room. ' What am I to thorn but an object of compassion 7 ' Poor orphan !' I dare say thoy call' mo. Orphan 7 I am worso than an orphan, for my fathor deliberately forsook mo I' Hor room was cool and pleasant. Tho windows wore partly open, for it was a warm night, and all was neatly arranged ready for Nanco to retire to bed. A lamp burned oil tho writing-tablo. A vaso of frosh whito roses stood by the ink-stand, since Mrs. Harper had dis covered that Nnnco lorod tho beautiful roses for which tho Elmloigh Castlo gardous were famous, thoro had nlways been roses in tho room of ' poor Miss Kathcrino's daughter 1' Nanco folt soothed by tho coolness nnd stillness of her protty chamber ; and, turning up tho lamp a little, sho looked round for a new book of travels she was reading. Sho would stay quiotly up-stairs until sho was sent for, which sho was not likoly to bo, or until slio heard her aunt como up stairs, whon she would re-join hor to say ' Good night,' and doubtless to hear somo eulogy of Arthur, or his brido, or both. Glancing round, sho could not however seo tho book, and sho rcmomborod that sho had it that morning in hor aunt's sitting-room. , remaps is would no ootior to wait tor aunt Susan thero,' sho thought, and accordingly wont out along the corridor. Although tho rooms at the other end of it had been allotted to Captain Elmlcigh's bacholor friends. it was only dimly lighted, and, when sho head tho footsteps of some ono coming up-stairs, and glanced about him searchingly. Then sho hoard an eager oxclamation, nnd ho hastened to where sho was standing. It was Basil 1 CHAPTER XV. Basil I Paint, cold, trembling, Nanco leaned back and gazed at him with a look in her oyes such as might havo been there had slio seen his ghost instead of liimsol. ' Nanco ! Nanco I' Thoro was depres sion in his tono as his cold fingers clutched herhandH, and led her, reluctant, into tho light. ' Yes — it is Nnnco. It is you ! But how cauie you horo 7 When I heard thorn talking of ' Nanco ' I started, but I nover thought it could bo you. You oro Nanco Waverloy — not Miss Jones, of Chicago 7' So ho was a friend of Arthur Elmlcigh's. Ho had never thought to meat her here. With a tremendous offort Nance struggled for calm, for self-possession. ' Mr. Grant clioso to say that was my name,' slio said, in low husky tones, vainly trying to freo hersolf from his tightening grasp. 'And you — you clioso to hide yourself by calling yourself ' Captain Symtho ' 1 ' You understand why I did that 7 Oil, Nanco. You must soo it all, seo what my position was, thoy not knowing I was with tho Dacros, and worrying mo into an ongagomont. Oh, Nanco, Nanco 1 Say you are glad to seo me — say ' Basil ' — any thing, dearest !' With a wrench sho freed her hands and shrank from him. ' You forgot I do not know who you are,' sho said faltoringly, but with dignity. ' You havo nover givon any explanation. ' Explanation 7 I havo oxplained ! I do explain,' ho cried stormily. ' Against my inclination I have bcon dragged into this entanglement with Hildrod, worriod, hurried into it 1 How could I dare ongago you to mo, darling? Darling, dearly though I lovo you, I havo to dia- ongago, disontajiglo myself boforo going to my unelo ana saying, ' Nanco, our dear cousin, shall ho my wifo, and no otlior. Nanco, what is it?' At his words everything scorned to reel ; then a blackness passed before hor eyes. ' You — you are Arthur Elmleigh 7' sho said slowly. And then slio closed her qyos, sho folt numbed, cold, as if lior vory lifo woro coming to an ond. ' You do not know 7 I am Arthur Basil Elmloigh, only son Basil and Nance,' ho said alarmed at her deathly pallor. ' Oh, Nance, cousin, do not look like that. Wo ought to havo known wo woro akin, thoy say lam liko your mothor ; and when I first caught sight of you it struck me lilto a blbw. I know you, I rocognisod you, nlthough I did not know it was bccauso you aro such a porfcot Elmloigh. Nance, speak to mo.' ' I cannot,' aho gaspod, half oponingher oyos and gazing at him dully. 'It is so awful that you, promised to her, pro- miRwl for ovor. should dnro. should aftro to ho to mo ns yoa wore.' . Ho soizod lior hand, and, despite hor efforts to withdrawn it, clasped it firmly in both his own. ' I loved you,' ho said forvontly, gazing ot hor with his own tender supplication, ' I lovo you. I did you know what lovo moant till then, love, truo glorious lovo. I dared not leave you without on under standing, dared not risk tho loss of you, my own. You know all is fair in lovo and war, and this was bdth lovo, oh, what lovo for you, and war against thoir forcing mo into this inarriogo.' Tho shock of tho unoxpcctod diseovory that tho man who mado such wild lovo to- hor — 1 Basil ' — was hor couBin, plodgod to Lady Hildrod, onco ovCr, Nanco's .best instincts provailod. ' Thon you should not Havo been forced,' sho said with moro animation, although sho folt Bpeut, exhausted. You had will enough to compel mo to listen to you, you need not oxcuso yourself for want of will.' ' You aro angry with mo for not having told you all, oh, if I only had,' ho cried. ' Nance, why did not you own up to boing yourself 7 Then I should have confided in you.' And you think I would havo joinod you in defying your unclej in jilting lior I' sho asked scornfully. ' I might have known you thought littlo of mo, but, oh, not so ill as that.' ' Nanco — Nanco — you do not lovo me, you cannot withdraw your love, it is, impossible,'' lie said passionately, gazing pleading into licr face. ' You must stand by. mo ; you and I together oan strugglo through. If you stand by me ' ' In what 7' slio said steadily, confront ing him. 'In your dishonour! Novor.' ' Dishonour, what dishonour V ho said impetuously. ' It would bo tho height of dishonour to enter into marriage with any one, knowing that thero was only one woman in tho whole world vou could bear to bo your wifo, and that it was not tho woman you woro taking to yoursolf. Hildred will bo just as glad as I shall bo.' ' Hush,' alio cried imperiously, hor brown cyos alight with a now fire, and there was a look of anger oil hor faco. ' You wrong mo, you lower mo by every word you utter. We are cousins. Wo may bo frionds, that lies with you, tut no more, never, novor anything moro.' He could not doubt hot truth or tho firmness of her will ; but ho gazed wonder- ingly at her, ho had never suspected such traits of character in hor, ho had fondly imagined hor to bo ns pliahlo to his will as a slender sapling to the force of a gale. ' Why 7' ho asked sternly. ' Becauso you do not love mo 7 That is tho 'only answer I will accept. If you cannot Bay, ' I do not lovo you,' by all that I hold dear, Nance, I will follow you, haunt you, leave you no pcaco till I hold yoa tight, safe, beyond nny one's power to snntch you from mo 1' ' I lovo you — ns a cousin — as ono who is, who was, liko my dear dead mother I' sho stammered, and tho crimson roso slowly in her faco, her shamed oyos drooped beforo Ills. Ho took ono step forward, and, boforo sho could guess what ho was about to do, soizod lior in his arras. 'That will not do 1' ho said in low fiorco tones. 'Hero, liko this, closo to my heart, which you know is yours, and yours till death, you must say, ' I do not lpvo you'.' or I will do as I Baid — novor leavo you till I have secured you I' Sho writhed nnd struggled. ' Lot me go I' sho moaned. ' Do yon call tills lovo 7 If so, I do not lovo you I That is certain 1' . . Her hesitation caused his wholo being to thrill with a wild sense of triumph. 'That is begging tho question,' ho whisporcd, holding her tho closer tho moro Bho struggled. 'You must say you do not love ino — as you understand lovo.' With a sudden offort sho freed lieraolf. 'As I understand love,' sho' began, hor oyes bright, her breast heaving. ' Oh, that is very different from yours 1 You would not ovon understand it,' Hor heart was still his — sho dared not deny it. His elation lent him calm in tho midst of tho wildest emotion. ' I must not torment you any moro to- night," ho said, with suddon tenderness. ' I will not bo cruel. But tell me, doar why did you sond ino bock my ring- without a word 1' ' I am thankful I did 1' sho answered bitterly. 'I ought nover to have accepted it. I was mad I But hush— thero thoy como up-stairs I I must go. Basil- cousin— you must not, shall not, say any thing to them of Rosccommon — of our meeting there 1 'Bo quite happy on that point, dearest,' he said, soizing liar hand and kissing it. ' Outwardly wo shall ho only cousins.' Wo are only cousins,' slio returned, and, withdrawing her hands from his clasp, sho uuu mung mo cornuor ancitlisappeared into hor room. With mingled oxultation and yearning ho stood gazing at tho closed door. Por her want of trust, at her returning his ring, ho had boon bitterly angry with tho girl ho had so suddonly and passionately loved ; and, beforo ho loft Rosocommon, the Dacrcs, slightly alarmed when tlioy discovered that thoro had been a flirtation with a young lndy friend of tho Grants, had been careful to mako tho most of tho rumour that sho was cngagod to tho raiddlo-aged bnchotor, Herbort. This excited his wrath, and his reflections regarding Nanco woro uncomplimentary. His imagination suggested that sho was ' no hotter than tho rest,' ready to play with and fool ovory masculino heart winch camo in her way. Honco tho ' dead cut ' which had cost hor such pain— although, if sho could havo known it, his passing rago evaporated as speedily as her own distrust 6f him. Ho lmd amved , rt Elmloigh . Castlo that night full of a plan by means of which ho might, to a certain extent, honourably wrigglo out of his engagement to Lady Hildred whether h» over succeeded in meeting and having an explanation with Nanco or not. And M had come, to find that sho was Ins young nowly-arrived cousin, Nanco Waverloy whom ho hnd heard oasually alluded toa» the timo her fathor married again, but in whom ho had not felt sulflciont interest to inquire further about her. . _ «Tho mostrigidly and uncompromisingly scoptical could not fail to seo that Heavon meant us for oach othor,' ho thought, a# slowly he paced up and down tho corridor. For us to havo met liko that, as strangors, was extraordinary enough— bat this— to como homo and find hor adopted .by. my relatives— it is startling, almost inoradiblol I shall secure hor, oh, yes, in spite thoir opposition, winch will be dctornuiioa sho shall bo my wifo 1 But I hayo » difficult- 'game to play— a vory dffhoul gamo. I must think it out as soon as I am nlono to-night/ .- ' Nanco looked hcrsolf in hor room, and, flinging herself upon a couch, tried to realiso what had happened. ' Basil— oh, my Basil— you aro Arthur Elmloigh I' sho murmured. _' And - I thought you untrue 1 Oh, tho tolief, tho delight of HP Indeed tho intense relief at tho 'discovery that t'io man she loved was not utterly u n worthy , had not hidden his identity with any ovil intent, tempo rarily banished ovory other feeling- 'That was what my dream moant,' sho thought, suddonly sitting up, with wido- opon, awestruck oyes. 'My mothor — I can seo her now as I saw her then, lying -on-- ;tb© sofa — Said, 'His oyos are liko mine. How. mysterious, how strango. And when I noticed tho boy's — Arthur Elmleign's— oyes in tho portrait, I could not remember what the association was. If 1 had, I might havo guessed something. Arid yot — how could 1 7 That wo, cousins, should meet liko that scorns too strango to bo true.' Yos. Sho nnd Basil were cousins- only cousins — and thoy could nover bo nearer nnd doaror to each othor. Upon that Nnnco firmly resolved, as sho -lay nwako that starry summer night, battling bravely, courageously with hor traitor heart. Tho shook of tho suddon meeting had deadened her emotions during her brief passionate intorviow with Arthur— or Basil — lio would ever bo ' Basil J to her. Sho had been able to oppose her' .will to his. . But hdw would it: be during;, the inevitable intercourse of tlio rioxt few weeks! v_ /. '"S f- 'I must regard hirrt as if ho" were nlrcady Lady Hildred's husband — as sacred to hor,'. she resolved. 'Never, nover must that fact bo out of mv mind for ono moment I But how oan I oo cold, resorved with liiin 7 It will bo difficult enough if he speaks as ho spoke last to me to-night, and thon it will bo noticed. Lady Hildrod is clover, I believe. Sho already fancies ho is not all. he ought' to bo to her, or sho would not bo so vory cold and hard. No — I cannot be distant i in my manner to him. I shall havo to be friendly— cousinly ; and I shall havo to avoid him — oh, everywhere— all day long. And tho ball — I must not dunce with him 1 If I havo to sprain my anklo 'on purpose, I must do it 1' (TO HE COXTINtJED.) 