SPECKS. The Long Haired Legislator » ' Is appearing In the Supreme Court defending a Charge of 'contempt.' Poor old ' Kal.' in tronble again. Trumble fairly paralysed the Essex boys. . . ' Special meeting of tbe Chamber of Mines this evening. The Exhibitioners are determined to keep us amused. i Some men smile as though it were a great favor to the world. The Minister for Lands is going to see the Exhibition ' or bust.' Fancy Dress' Ball in the Cremorne Theatre this evening. A beautiful girl is one who is pretty and doesn't know it. Dead men tell no tales. Just as well; they'd be considered ghost stories. The jolly one got off some sensible remarks on tbe Bench this morning. The Afghan Shannawaa practically lives at the Police Court these days. Prohibition orders seem to be a dead letter with some of the local publicans. Lindley Cowan, like the rest of 'em, was sarpressed at the. big show on Fly Flat. Another special Exhibition exoursion train will arrive in Coolgardie on Tuesday. A touring mania seems to, be in the air. Bishop Riley is the-latest to get it. The hammer and drill contests com' mence at the Exhibition to- morrow evening. - < The HEBALD wonders how long it took General B. to concoct that pretty little farewell message. Never write lead-pencil comments in a borrowed book. The owner may rub them out. Use ink. We shall hardly know the old Mechanics' when the projected improvements are carried out. The pessimist should remember that, according to his own theories, it can do no good to circulate them. Practice, in some cases, makes perfect, but frequently it makes the neighbours fed like smashing the piano. Afternoon tea will be provided for the lady spectators at to-morrow's lacrosse match on the Recreation Reserve. \- Rumour has it that a suspect will be arrested shortly, in connection •with the recent Boulder Road sensation. The Kalgoorlie police have in their possession a Winchester rifle such as was used by the Boulder Road robber. The Mechanics' Institute should be able to house a fairly large theatrical company when Sherlaw's work is com' pleted. The Rev Mr Ferguson has struck real trouble this time. He is going to be charged with ' aggravated contumacionsne-s.' Alderman Morton, of Sydney, is evidently a cautious kitad of person. Anyhow, he was talking sense most of the time. The Kalgoorlie v Coolgardie lacrosse match on the Recreation Reserve 'to morrow shonM be worth the walk to witness. The Russian' newspaper men .think England 'has -been working a bit of •funny business' in China. Perhaps they are about right. The Mechanics' Ball on the 24th promises to be a big thing—it will need to be to adequately recompense the ladies' committee for their efiorts. The HEBALD suggests that- when a prtthibition order is issued against drunk, copies of the order should be posted up in all the sly grog shanties as well as the hotels. The Dog and Poultry Show will be held in the Exhibition. Jt's a cute move on the part of the Commissioners as the show outside would cut down the takings At the big affair to a very appreciable extent. It is to be hoped that the Lake View and Ivanhoe tuggers will be induced to contest their big match at the Exhibition. For the' sake of the draw the Exhibitioners might profitably add to tbe winning money. VoBper is conducting his own case in the Supreme Court, and has raised many 'points'—which the judge reckons he will take till Monday to consider. In politics, ' using your influence' generally means asking something you ought not to ask from somebody who ouplit not (d 'isten to you. li' , i''i|ili! meant everything thet said, the cuuiplicationa won! Iu't be nearly as great as if they said" everything tbey meant. A man in the East is reported to have lost his mind because he could not pay his debts. If all debtors in this part of the country. were thiiR sensitive, few would be lett outside the lAnatic asjrlum. < meeting of the ladies'commiUee who are 'jbiantglng the annul ball In connection with the Mechanics' Institute was held yestscdsy, •iTWdlffereht mesaVers of the committee retb*t they had reedvad wry generous «tmppoittnti»«ay«f donations 