MY VISITOR. # ^w 'HE snmmer w j|^§l& I intensely hot $0?WS&Ff; § People in the ^^.j^'*, k tenement nou. ?^V^ J § sas of rhe crow V, J&«-s* g dor! city died fflifil^wl^^P my sraa11 room vSiwIP^ inan »pwwn ^ 'M'''' .1 ' flab the heat seemed to be filtered. I could not sleep *b nights, and the long days in a {Treat news paper office were not calculated to improve my health srid spirits. I had begun to aak myself if life were worth the living when I received n lettei from a friend, lately i married, inviting me to visit her in her new J home. I went lo the managing editor, and assuring him nothing Ies3 than a month's rest would save me from an early grave, exacted his ounsent. What delight I experienced as I felt my self being whirled through the freah uweet : country air ! My friend met me at the ? elation. She was radiant with health and j happiness-- euch a contrast to my Dale, ? miserable lookitig self. L ? is & charming country town — a new town, you know — and its prett.y ; cottages are all of modern style. But on a j cliff frowning down on the village stands a ' sombre house of stone, moss roofed and ivy clad, Grand old trees, over whose head ; centuries have passed, stand sentinels around it. A winding drive leads up to it, and when my friend turned her horse in at the iron gateway I exclaimed : '? What ! Is that your house ? ' for I knew they were far from being rich. ' Yes. Is it not lovely ? We got a bargain. They almost gave the place away. ! And it was furnished too ! ' I was not tho only guesfc, as my friend's aunt, a most delightful old maid, was also j visiting there. As I expect to be an old ! maid some day, 1 always ' make love ' to : them, as a little friend once expressed it. The room assigned to me was a front one. Opening on to it was another one, some what smaller, but fitted up in ths same style, and I came tu the conclusion this had once been some early mistress' apart ment. In the smaller room the old maid, or Miss Sao, as I shall call her, slept. Now, observe, the only way of entering her room was by passing through mine. When we bade each other good night I, with true feminine caution, locked and bolted the door opening to the hall, but the one eparating our rooms I left open. There was a little cublo in the centre of the room holding the lamp. I drew up a chair and tried to read. But I could not fix my attention ; my eyes would wander from the pages to the things around me. I shall not attempt to analyse the peculiar feeling that began to take pos.'esMon of me. I shall only aay the general impression left on me, after a careful survey, was that the personality of some other woman than my friend lingered in the room. I felt that personality, like a living, breathing thing. It was a creepy sensation ; so I undressed ;ind went to bed, and being tired I soon fell asleep. Perhaps I slept an hour, perhaps riot ten minutes, but gradually o\\\ r my sleeping senses came a power subtle, mysterious, drawing them back tc the real again. 1 can never describe that avt.-ik--rni-g. To think of it even now sen.is s»- unaccount able chill into, my lie-arc. The moon was shining, and !.h« rooin ..as filled witli light. I unclosod my eye*, and leaning upon one elbow glanceJ toward the stand, and there on thechair I had recently occupied sat a young girl. She was dressed in whito and had ^iort curly hair. One elbow rested on the stand, and she was leaning her head on her hand. I sat up in the bed, and never supposing my visitor was other than flesh and blood, and think ing that I was at my boarding house, asked : ' Have yo no bed ? ' But the occupant of the chair did not move. Then like a flash remembrance of where I was came over me. ' Miss Sue,' I called, ' here is a girl. Has she no place to sleep ? ' A snore from Mis3 Sue was my answer, and still the girl did not move. I got out of bed. On the stand were the matches, but to reach them I should have to pass my arm around the* silent figure. The action of course brought me near her, and I was con scious of only one feeling — to avoid personal contact \vilh her. I had my eyes on her til I reached for the match, and then they were removed only for a second, but wlieu I looked again the girl was gone. For a moment I was too surprised to think. Then I lighted the lamp and glanced round the room. It was deserted. I went to the door and found it bolted as I had left it. I stole into Miss Sue's room, bub she was sleeping soundly. I had seen a ghost— a creature of the other world. It completely upseb me, and I determined to leave the next day. The beat o an uptown board ing house was preferable to the compay of Epirita. With daylight I thought I might have been mistaken and concluded to stay another day. But I entered my room the following night with many misgivings. I beguiled Miss Sue into conversation, but she eoon grew sleepy and left me. I n ould not allow my mind to dwell on the subject, bat read until I could no longer keep my eyes open. Then I went to bed, and soon was asleep. After a time the strange magnetic force began to steal over me. I had left the lamp burning. 1 opened my eyes, and there by the stand, in the self same position, sab the girl. The sight was too much for me. 1 covered my head and called for Miss Sue, and as I did a sigh, the deepest, saddest, most heartrending,, was wafted to me from that silent figure. And then I realised a soul, once the dweller in a human frame, standing in need of help, had appealed to me, but because or my pitiful mortal weak ness I could nob aid it. The next day I went home. About six months afterwards I heard my friend had sold her house, and from that I judged others had seen the ghostly visitor. And often my mind goes back to her. Poor soul ! Wandering nightly among see&as; of former happiness or woe, are you waightcd with some secret, atoning for Eoxe crime, or is this vour punishment, for a life misspent ? But to my questioning there comes no axroer. . ? k AtJsres (??riously) : What did your talker ft »y? ? Street Gitl : Ob, be got to angry that I was W *Jj*5d to stay »nd listen. He'e in a perfectly I tee&3e rage. Go in and appease him. 