T em perance B a ll. ? Th# management of the Datoher'i Variety Company moat Rave been highly nleaisd with tbe entbusiastio reception be popular troupe of entertainers met «itb at (he Temperance Hall last evening, ‘h* gallery w*« literally packed with holiday making folks, and tbe body of tbe hall seated an aadienee which folly came p to the expectation* of the bon secretary (U r Georce Mills), After the usual xchange of greetings between the oooversalionist (M r R. T. Newtoo) and the orner gentlemen, “ Oripps’ and G ray’i mperial Grobestra etrook up " Off to •he Transvaal.” The song and chorus * The fisherman and bit obild,” trough' out to perfection Mite Florrie W alner' sweet voice, The choruses were surg with a degree of precision, dslioaoy, and power, whioh prodooed ■ general feeling f onthnsiastio approval and delight mongst the eudienoe. Mr Gregory's omic effarion, “ I'm still living,” simply elighted fate bearers, who showed tbeir leasure by tbe unrestrained warmth of beir applause. A caichingitem was tbe song and chores “The judge's deuahter,” Mrs Hawkes taking the solo ptrt, W hat this lady bed to do was i-xecated with taste and feeling boidiers of tbe Queen,” being patriotic, elighted the auuienoe, Miss Marie Hoitk being the singer, Tfaeootburat of elighted and gratified feeling whioh -atuted (bis item, and tbe items pi gamst Miss Daisy McOuurtand Qaeeuie ead’s nam* , mast have been pleaanr b e to tbe vocalists. Miss uissie (Snow od Eva Taylor's sailor’s hornpipe, M> obert Howard's song and chorus After the curtain falls,” Kenny W nrd's They are on the march,” Fr«nk Ju it'i In oar looality," Eva Hook's ooon song, nd Jack Clark’s “ Like bis father,' w*re chef* d avvre in tbeir way. The dances were execnted without any delicacy, and tbe voo*l items, where they oame in, were admirably sung. Tbe second part of tbe programme was what may be te*med an " Olla podrida.” There were several vocal and instrumental items, including cbarac songs ai d solos. A fancy skirt dam and wbat Mr Mills terms serio-donbles. •nd ibe wnole concluding with a dramatic prcdnction entitled “ Thompson's Gbost • Thompson's Ghost,” as • literary con osition, is fall of poetic beauties, ao hese were abundantly appreciated by y aadienee. There is sentiment tibos in “ Tbimp-oo's Gbost,” he increase of interest in lot grows as the farce proceeds. he dialogue is not verbose, ana ciing strongly excited the sympaihi he auaienc*. Tbat there are a number f gif ed artists in the Batchers Vs <mpenyis beyond d cabi.aai it we t byertnd-bye tbeir talent shoald ommand them mo:e attention tbao hey gain at present. M r E. E , Newton ade an excellent stage mansger. ulogise M r George Mill a courtesy eneral management wonld simply be ainting the lily. As for M r Oripps' usical conduetorebip it is too well nown to require praise at onr bauds. Te-nighi the Butober*’ Variety Gem sny will repeat tbeir oor.eert, with the ddition of new items, and if tbay g*t a acked hon«e they rtehly doerve it. 