A LAUDABLE PROPOSAL. It will be to the credit of West Australian enterprise if the project now mooted by Mr. W. J. Hancock, the Government Electrician, be car- ried into effect. In that case this colony would take the lead in making practical use of the latest and, though the last not the least, discovery of the age. Our allusion is to the system of wireless telegraphy with which the name of the Irish-Italian, Signor Manconi, is particularly associated. The discoverer is, on his mother's side, a Wexford man, and Ireland has thus a share in the scientific renown to which he has already made good his claim, and which, no doubt, as time goes by, will become magnified in proportion to develop- ments hardly as yet contemplated. So much, however, has within the past half century arisen from small or trifling beginnings that it is diffi- cult now to set any limits to what may be expected. For our own part, we acknowledge that when, not very long ago, we read in some one or other of the Home papers that a wonderful dis- covery, possibly to surpass any of those by which the name of Edison had become famous, had been made, and that the telegraphy of the future cast before it shadows of being car- ried on independently of wire or cable, we gave little heed to the matter. To set the electric fluid loose upon the air appeared to us a vain undertaking, and the whole matter seemed to savour of journal- istic capacity reduced to extremities by a dearth of events. A moment's thought, nevertheless, might convince any rational mind that to reject, because of its seeming impossibility, anything that the science of the day might propose would be to risk the danger of in- curring ridicule. Could any member of the generation now in its prime, for instance, revisit, a hundred years hence, the glimpses of the moon, is it possible to suppose that anything which then came under his notice should surprise him? On the con- trary, he would probably feel some shade of disappointment to find that invention or discovery had not pro- gressed even further than must cer- tainly be the case. It would be the ghost returning from the first half or quarter of the century that would be struck with amazement. There was less promise then of what we our- selves have before us than there seems to be now of unimaginable forthcomings. And, indeed, it was hard in those earlier days for the unsophisticated people to realise what they personally witnessed. When, for example, some fifty years ago, in a certain remote Irish district, posts were erected to carry the telegraph wires along the local railway section, the natives, intelligent though unin- structed, gave to the wonder de- scribed to them the name, in their vernacular, of the sgeul i mbarr bata, or the "story on top of the sticks, an appropriate name it might seem, but one that had a double meaning. It had not been invented for the occasion, as some supposed, but had previously been commonly applied to such tales as were judged incredible. The primeval satirist had, perhaps, had a prophetic instinct. To return, however, to the wireless telegraphy of the present day, now an accomplished fact, and already holding a recognised place among the means of communication, it is the proposal of the Government Electrician that it should be estab- lished between the mainland and Rottnest Island. With regard to the apparatus by whose use the electric fluid is brought into play and receives its direction, the details require some nicety of description and some degree of tech- nical understanding on the part of those who would become familiar with them. Suffice it to say that there is, on the one side, an apparatus called the "transmitter," and, on the other, one that is known as the "receiver," the current passing, without a medium, from the former to the latter, where it duly, by means of a fitting suitable for the purpose, records the message with which it is charged. The system has been employed in England and Ireland with complete success and very useful results. It may be recollected that during the late illness of the Prince of Wales, arising from his accident, we were told of its being brought to bear between a yacht on board of which His Royal Highness was staying and Osborne House, Her Majesty's residence in the Isle of Wight. The apparatus, which was personally directed by Signor Manconi, its inventor, was said to afford the Queen as well as the illustrious patient much satisfaction. No use, however, to which the system is put can seem more appro- priate than that of forming a means of communication between Rottnest and Fremantle. The isolated condi- tion of the island, indeed, as things are, appears something of an anomaly. The settlement there is important, and it becomes more par- ticularly so when His Excellency the Governor is in occupation of his summer residence. Many occasions no doubt arise when the means of immediate com- munication is a very sensible want. Mr. Hancock's proposal, therefore, we repeat is one deserving of all possible consideration. Everything seems to combine in recommending that it should be adopted. 