SHADDEGK LIGHT. BY &8S MAY ACNES FifMiNC. Author cf "The fits.' ol lie Tere," "Wei Tel i'j Wiie," "-Lani Hory/* "A. Woman'* • i-j-iii" ' A Wonderful Woman." PAUT H. j CHAPTER X.—(Continued.) takes l-.c-rs-Jf in hand, then opens the floor and goes in. «stands a moment. In that momerit a change comes over her; she is the Vara the w .rid knows again. The shock is iht-rt: is no need for her to be glad to Srr IJILS ma;!. He has mistaken her onoe, he shall not again. Dora's words retarn :o her; whatever the business that Brings him herc.Ąt is quite unnecessary tfca. t/i .- siuniw show gladness at his cemlug. cr trouble him with an effusive welcome Th.ftr is not a man ii»nninE there to tJ-.r ballroom who is not as much to. her as this a,an fs eVt,r IikeIjr to b t ^ Hę turns quickly. Miss Martinez's taste ?? ^ effect always of looting eunple. and gives beholders-male behold! ere-the idea «f beauty unadorned. Jb rrahty. her wardrobe rivals in expense Coras own. She wears white to-night- ^ with ornaments of dun J*Bow gold, some touches of rich old lace, ana a crimEon rose in her hair. Her splendid eyes light like brown star the dusk pallor or her Spanish face. Thai pallor is deeper than usual the laces nse and fell with the rebel-' S,™ of beneath them; but he does not distinguish the pallor, does nof hear the heart-beats, so no -fiarm is done. "This is a very unexpected pleasure." ehe says, smilingly, and with the instinct of hospitality, holds out her hand. "Let: E S e n i S J He holds for a second the slender unre^onsive hand, then drops It, and places E chair for her. ; . /^Will you not sit, teo?" sbe-asfcs. • Jvo, • ae answers, and resumes his place fcrthe cnimney and his former position. ąie has not said much, but something In her tone, in her eyes, .chills him as die c»łd night wind sighing about the gables coirtd never do. In her beauty and her pndfc, her rich dress, the gleam of vellow sola, as she sits in the ruby shine of the fc^ she seems so far. so high above him. that he turns his eyes away with a feeling «Łm to despair. He realises, as he never realised before, tijat the Vera, of six years ago is as utterly gone out of this world as though the daisies grew over her grave. This beaufa&a;, reticent, graceful, chill-voiced, fine lady, is no more his black-eyed, laughing " 1051 lQvins - madcap Vera than ' b ™ wn ere flash up their golden light suddenly upon him. "TSTien did you come?" she asks. •TTom England, I mean." •"Three days ago." •1 trust you left all our mutual friends .very well?" He turns bi^ eyes, fixed moodily on the w:ih a swlft, passionate glance to her tace. "I saw Beltrarc Talbot before I left." be Says. abruptly, "Yes." Her voice does not change, but a faint color rises, and the hand that holds her tan is not q;- : te steady. "Ana I know that you refused him. .Vera, why?" She meets his glance steadily—slow, intense surprise and anger in her eyes. "1 decline to answer that question. I Deny your right to ask it." •it" 1 c:aim no right" he says, steadily. "It should be ample enough, Heaven fenows; but a right enforced—in this casewould hardly be worth the claiming. iVera. I wonder if any other human being ever changed so utterly in six years as you have done-: There is not a trace, not a tone, not a look of the little Vera of that past summer left." A smile breaks the proud, set gravity of tier face—a smile of triumph. "You preferred that other Vera?" she cays. He looks at her again, and the story his eyes teil is the story told since the world began—to be tola till the world ends. "T liked that other Vera," he answers- ^ love this." She is lying back in the chair; now she Bits suddenly erect The words give ber an absolute shock. She believes Dora's fiction; she believes implicitly in that someone" in Cuba; she lias never creamed herself other than a drag on his Kfe, not easily go: rid of, and now to near this! "In all these years," he goes on, "thei Imag'-.-of that other Vera has never left 4 me. I saw har always as I saw her last " He stops abruptly at a gesture from ner. "As you saw me last.- she repeatei 6Iow:y. "Yes; neither of us is likely ever to forget that" Somt- of the olS pain, the old humiliation 01 that day returns to her now across the years. A^ain she is crouching in the fMininer-h-rjsc-. her wedding dress crushed amid trr, rank weeds and damp (Passes. hstc-ninc to the strident voice that aeneuncss her as a bold creature, lost to ali modesty or maidenly pride. A flush passes over her fate, a light comes into Her sngry eyes, her fluttering hands grow steady, her swift heart-beats cease. Some perverse spirit enters into her. If she ever acknowledges ta this mac, forced to marry her, thai sic- lores him, then she deserves al! Mrs Charlton has said. "I saw always the Utile Vera I had left," he goes 03; "my dear little, brighteyed child-bride—I came back and found Łer a woman, more beautiful than I had ever thought mr little gipsy could be, and from the first hour I knew her I loved Łer. That she had forgotten me, except as oce who stood between he- and happiness. I was Bid. ano did m>t doubt. It •eeir.ed natural enough. But I begin to ioufct all I have heard; some truth there may be, but also many falsehoods. You refused Sir Beltram. Talbot—you could not do otherwise, of c-ourse—but it is the knowledge of mat refusal that has sent me here. Vera. I have little—your world will tell you. nothing—to offer but my love, deep, changeless, true, I give. Is our marriage indeed to be looked upon as a misfortune? Can you nev«r be my svife in reality, as well as in name?" He stops, catching his breath hard. U is not when the heart is fullest the lips are most eloquent. The proudly handsome fice before him do=s not soften one whit. For the first time she doubts Richard Ffrench's woni. She-is in a false position—is it to save her from It he speaks now? yi know of old." she answers, "how rpriiantic and chivalrous is Colonel Sfeench's sense ef duty. It led him once to marry a f«olish. flighty schoolgirl,when tie would have done much better to have eatea her soundly fer her foHy In running B&fer; kim, anS gone and left her; If I tójd'loved Sir Bel tram Taibot, perhaps not . «ren jtfee fact of that' nonsensical .marriiljie would have beea strong enojigh to . pin^Ent my telling him BO, at leą^t ' " (Bimfcot a very perfect persoit-no tjiie 468 knows that better than I. But mv marriage had nothing to do witłrmy refusal— understand that. As to the sacrifice you propose to make, in accepting .the wife thrust upon you six years ago, -while deeply grateful, I yet decline. My life suits me very welL I am not a blighted being. I dispense with' lovers in the present and a husband in the future, extraordinary as -it may seem. Tour friend t shall always be. Colonel Ffrench: your wife, other than I am now—never!" Her pride is strong within her; it rings in her voice, it flashes in her eyes. Surely she has vindicated herself at last. For a moment he does not speak. In that pause a great burst of music comes tram the ballroom, the first bar of a grand triumphal march. He speaks first. "You mean this?" he slowly says. "1 mean this," she answers, and meets his eyes fulL "Then there is no more to be said. Pardon me for having said so much, for having taken you from your friends. Goodnight and good-bye." ' An impulse is upon her. thoroughly contradictory, and thoroughly womanly, to call him back, to claim him, keep him, love him. Vera is a very woman, and consistently inconsistent. A flush sweeps aver her face, to the very template. 1 "Oh, come back—do not go!" is on her lips, but her lips refuse to speak. She stands so a moment, battling with her ' pride, and in that moment he goes. The door closes behind him; the sweep of the triumphal march speeds him. He is gone without even the poor return of an answer to his good-night. Pride has fought and wtra. A wise general has said that next to a great defeat victory is the most cruel of airthttgs. Perhaps Vera, realises this now. She sits where he has left her, feeling faint and sick, her face hidden in her hands. The crashing tide of the music comes down to her; the feet of the dancers echo overhead. She must go back to them, make one of them, wear a smiling face to the end. She loves Richard Ffrench, and she has sent him away. In the last halfhour she has done -what she trill regret her whole life long. Meantime, the unbidden guest is gone. Once more he is in the outer darkness, in the night and the storm. The melancholy rain still drips, drips; the melancholy -wind blows in long, sighing blasts; the black trees toss about like tall spectres against the blacker sky, ana a figure' sheltered beneath them—the lagging pedestrian of an hour before—watches him with sinister eyes until he is out of sight. CHAPTER XL—A CSV IX THE NIGHT. Mrs Fanshawe's ball is whatTirs Fanshawe has 1 meant it to be—a brilliant success. Her own spirits never flag, she dances incessantly, the red of her cheeks redder, the light of her eyes brighter, as the hours wear on. Who shall say that this radiant little hostess, dancing like a Bacchante, wild with high spirits, flirting with the men about her with desperate recklessness and levity, is a neglected, slighted, supplanted, unloved wife? At supper slie drinks iced champagne as if parched with feverthirst, until Vera's brows contract with wonder and alarm. She keeps near her sister through it all: something in Dora's wild excitement startles her; she dances scarcely once after her return to the ballroom. "xv Here have you been?" Dora asks, hitting her a perfumed blow with her fan. "Why do you wear that owl-like face? This is no place for owlish faces. Why do you not dance? Everybody has been asking for you. What Is the matter with you to-night, my solemn Vera?" Her elfish laugh rings out—she flits on. A gentleman passing smiles to the lady on his arm. "A case of twinkle, twinkle, little star," he remarks. "What a radiantly happy woman our charming hostess must be!" The lady shrugs her shoulders, and puts on a scornful little chin. "She is half crazy to-night, or—tipsy with her own champagne. Did you not see how she drank at supper? It -was perfe«tly shocking. See her sister watching her. Beautiful girl. Miss Martinez—do you cot thick?—a perfect type ot Ge handsomest sort of brunette." The gentleman smiles slightly, knowing better than to a^.^pt this artful challenge; but the eyes that rest for a moment on Vera have in them a light that makes his fair friend bite her lip. "Some romance attaches to her it does not seem quite clear what—but something connected -with Dick Ffrench. You remember Captain Dick, of course. I have heard, but that I do not believe, that she was privately married to him before he went away." "Fortunate Dick Ffrench." "Oh," it Is a myth, of -course—'they say* being the only authority. It is added thattshe was very desperately in love with him. but that statement also is to be taken Tvith a pinch of salt. She was little better than a child at the time—I recollect her well; a tall, slim girl, with ą thin, dark f^ce, big black eyes, and hardly a trace of the stately beauty we all admire now. Look at Mrs Fanshawe with Fred Howell! Really, Mr Fanshawe should be here to keep his wife in order. No one advocates matrimonial freedom more than I do, but there is a line, and she oversteps it Upon my word, she is quite too horrid." Such comments, from ladies principally twa the round of the rooms. The gentlemen. more indulgent, only glance at each other, and smile. All recall afterwards, when the tragedy of this night rings through the country with a thrill, her brilliance, her flashes of wit, her reckless spirits, .her incessant dancing, her flushed cheeks, her streaming eyes, her flashing diamonds- Censorious tongues stop then appalled, fair censors falter—they recall her only as a bright little butterfly, looking hardly accountable for her acts, so fair, so frail, so almost unearthly. But Just now, before the curtain falls en that last act, and the intoxication of music, and waltzing, and wine is at its height, they do not spare her. One or two words fall on Vera's ears, and her eyes flash out their indignation on the speakers. They are her guests, they break her bread and eat ber salt, and sit on judgment on her. But oh! what ails Dot? How rash she is—she has never gone to such extremes before. It is nłore of Dane Fanshawe's work; he has goaded her to madness, this is her reckless revenge. Perhaps it is well for Vera's peat® of mind that no time is left for her to of herself, of her own wayward folly. She has acted like a fool in one way—Dora is acting like a fool in another; there is little to choose between them, that she admits bitterly. She keeps as close to Dora, as may he; she tries to restrain her unperceived; she absolutely refuses to dance. ; "For pity's sake. Dot. ao not go on so— every one Is looking at you." she whiEpers, angrily, once. "You are insane, I think, to-night- Do not dance •with Fred Howell again. He ought to be ashamed of himself " . ' But Dora Interrupts with one cf her frequent tourets ot laughter. 'Oh. Fred, Jisten here!" she calls; "here is richness. Look at Vera's owlish face;, listen to her words of wisdom. "Do not dance -with 'Fred Howell again. He ought to be ashamed of himself.* Are you ąshsmed, Fred? ToU ought to be, if my sober sister says so—she "is never wrong.'" I Mr Howell stoops and whiępere his answer. He jglances at Vera with i xnalisiouS Emile, be owes ter asaidge for more j than cu& cut direct and he cordially hates supercilious Dane Fanshawe. Hę Is paying a double debt to-night, in compromising his hates. Vera draws back. Indignant and dissusted. and sees them : go, Dora flinging to his arm, Fred Howell's tall, -dark head bent over her blonde one— the most pronounced flirtation possible. But it ends at last. ' Mrs Fanshawe, foolish though she be in many things, is wise enough never to let daylight surprise her well-bred orgies, and scare in on haggard laces and leaden eyes. A little after three the guests begin to depart, at halfpast the roll of carriages is continual, at four all but the guests are gone. And when the last good-night is said, Dora Fanshawe drops into a chair, and lifts a face to her sister, a face so drawn, worn, so miserable, thc.t all her sins and follies are forgotten. As by the touch of a magic wand, every trace of youth and prettiness departs in a second. "I am tired to death!" she says. "1 am tired to death!" She draws a long, hard breath, and flings up her arms over her head. "I am tired to death—tired—tiredtired!" There is weariness unspeakable in the gesture, heart- sickness so utter, so desperate. that Vera's anger melts like snow. She has meant to scold Dora for her madness, but all words of reproach die away a passion of pity and love. "My poor little dearj" she says. As a mother might, she gathers the flowerdecked, Jewel-crowned head to her breast "Oh, my Dot, you have not been yourself to-night. I have keen frightened for you. I am so glad It is all over, and that yon can rest No wonder you are tired—you have danced every dance. Let me take you to your room, and help yon to bed." Without a word Dora rises, and trails her rich ball-robe slowly and wearily up the stairs to her own room. Here she sinks In a powerless sort of way again into the first chair. "I am dead tired." she repeats, mechanically. "Tf I only could sleep and not wake for the next forty-eight hours, I might be rested by the end of that time Nothing less -will do." She lifts her heavy and dim eyes, and Ihey fall on the dreary picture of the "Foolish Virgins." There they remain In sombre siler.ee for a long time. Vera sends away Felicia, and disrobes Dora herself with swift deft fingers—with soft, soothing touches. "Do you know," Dera says, at .length, "that through It all—the crash of the band, and the whirl of the -waltz, and the talk of those men—the face of that woman there has haunted me like a ghost? I can understand now Low men take to drink to drown*, memory or remorse. AH these long hours it has been beside me. Sometimes when I looked in Fred Howell's face—faugh! faugh! what a fool he is!—it was the deadlywhite face of that crouching woman I saw. And the words went with the vision—"Too late, too late! ye cannot enter now!' They have been ringing in my ears like a death-knelt." "You are morbid, your nerves are all unstrung," is Vera's answer. "I wish I had not sung it. It is a weird picture— gloomy enough to haunt anyone. Do not look at it any more. Shut your poor, tired eyes while I brush out your hair. It -will <iuiet you." But the sombre blue eyes never leave the picture, and when she speaks again, her question startles her sister so that she nearly drops the brush. "Vera," she says, "are you afraid to die?" "Dot!" "Afraid of the awful loneliness, the awful darkness, the awful Unknown. Vera, Vera! I am afraid to grow old but T hope—I hope—I hope I may be seventy, eighty, ninety, before I die. I am afraid of death—horribly afraid. If one could come back from the dead and tell us what it is like—where all this that aches so in life, heart soul, conscience, whatever you call it, goes after that ghastly change. But-they never do. and we go on blindly, and then all at once the world slips from under us, and we are—where? Or is it the end, and are we blankness and nothingness, as before we were born? That would be best. I do not think I would fear that much!" Vera kneels down beside her, and puts her arms round her, every trace of color leaving her fS.ce, her eyes dark and dilated with sudden terror. ."Dora," she says—"Dora, what is this? Are you in pain? Does your heart hurt you?" Is it the spasms again?" "Oh, nor* Dora answers, wearily: "nothing of that I feel well enough; I never felt so well or happy in my life as I did to-night I am dead tired now, that is all And that picture troubles me like bad dreams. And your song—I cannot get that despairing refrain out of my ears. I wish I were a better woman. Vera—I wish I were as good, as wise as you " "As I?" Vera interrupts, almost with a cry. "Oh, Dot, Dot, as II" '"You nevc;r carry on wifh men as the rest of us do. They have to respect you. You would not make a fool of yourself with Fred Howell as I did. come what might- You go to church every Sunday, rain or shine. You have pious little books, and you read them, and you believe in God, and Heaven, and all good things. Vera," she breaks out and it is a cry of passionate pain, of a soul in utter darkness, " is there a God, and must I answer to Him for the life I lead, and when I die will He send me forever to" But Vera's hand is over her mouth. Dora is certainly mad to- night—her husband's cruelty has turned her brain! "Hush, hush, hush!" she exclaims, in horror. "Oh, my Tfot, my Dot!" "What shall she say to this blind, groping soul, lost in the chaos of unbelief? What she does say is in a broken voice, full of pity and pathos; Dera is too worn out to listen to much. But she speaks of the infinite goodness and love of Him whose tender mercies are over all "PTig •works. • "If you would pray;" she says, imploringly, "it is all, it is everything—the "key of the day and the lock of the night' Only this morning i was "reading a book of Eastern travels, and the writer says a beautiful tiling. He is speaking of the camels so heavily laden all the -weary day who kneel at its close to be unstrapped and unladen; and he says we, like camels, kneel down at night, and our burdens are lifted from us. If you would but kneel. Dot and believe and pray, our loving Father, who hears the jcry of every hopeless heart before it is spoken, would lielp you to "bear it all." Dora does not answer; she lies back •with closed eyes, white, spent mute. Vera rises and resumes her work; In a few Tninutes an embroidered night-dress has replaced the rainbow costume and jewels, and Mrs Fanshawe lies down oń her white bed with a long, tired elgh. •!'1t is goed to rest," she says.' "'I hope i may sleep until sunset to-morrow. See that I am not distorted, will you? I want to sleep—to sleep—to sleep." . The words trall otT heavily. and then, with ci«5ei eyes,. she. lies still among, the pillows. Verato^yreplLeestlie jewem in their caskets, and tófcanges them on die table. cbstame overls^pbair, turhs dorwn the gas to ą Sny potot ldBEes faer felster gently, locks <aie dt^r fm^tlie inśld^ aiia;leaves the bedroom. She fioes by ; way of the dressingroom adjoining, the doór ofróilcłi Sie also »r.ay enter in iilte inoi^lng.. ftee?>raihg to custom, Tvith fcer lady's inatutixiiv^hbeoi' late,- and Dora's sleep moet not fee distuibeo. -, _ In her own room she throws open the window, folds her own wrap about her; and sits down, glad to "be alone. She feels no desire for steep; her mind is abnormally wakeful and active. How dark It is and eavily it rains' . The sceAt of wet grasses and dripping trees ascends. There is not a ray of lighUn the black dry; the whole world seems blotted out In darkness and wet and she the only living thing left Is X>ora asleep, she wonders — poor, obor Dora! . Thank Heaven it is not yet too late! Thank HeaVen there is yet time for faith and repentance, and the beginning of a better, less worldly life. It has been a great and silent trouble to Vera, during the past six years, the cynical, scoffing unbeliefs of her sister, so hateful in a man, so utterly revolting in a woman. But it is not too late. It is never too late for penitence and amendment this side of eternity. Then her thoughts «nift; the face of Richard Ffrench rises before her in the gloom, so full of silent, sad reproach. She 'oves him, and she has sent him from her —oh, folly beyond belief! and yet so thoroughly the folly of a woman. "I like® that Vera — I love this!"—the bound that her heart gives as she recalls the wordsf They are true, or he would not speakf them.- No sense of loyalty to her would* make - him tell her a thing that is false. He is true as truth, true as steel, a good, a brave, a noble gentleman. And she has sent him away! — Hie thought stings her wlth keenest pain and: regret Oh, this pride that exacts such a price! Is it too late to retract? He Is going jback to Cuba; to his death, it may he. No man can" carry a charmed life for ever, and he will never know she loves : him. No! a sudden, glad resolution fills her — for her, no more than for Dot is repentance too late. He cannot leave St Ann's before seven to-morrow — there is time, and to spare, yet She will write him, and tell him all — the whole truth. One of the men shall start with the letter at six o'clock, and give it to him at the station. And then — a smile and blush steal over her lace — he will return to her, and then She leaves the window, turns up the gas. sits down, without waiting to think, commences to write. The words flow faster than she can set them down—not very loving, perhaps; she cannot show him all that is in her heart just yet, but good, wifely words, that will surely bring him. It is not long; little will suffice; she signs, anS seals, and directs. Then, as she sits looking at the familiar name, a thought strikes her; it is the second time in her life she has written to' Richard Ffrench. She recalls that other letter, and laughs In the new hope and happiness of her heart Was there ever such another absurd epistle penned? No wonder Dot was amused — poor Dot! who declared that In the annals of sentimental literature it would stand alone She is well disposed to forgive Dot tonight for her share in her marriage. H She were still free to choose, he is the man of all men she would give herself to. Many men she has met known, esteemed liked— loved not one, .except this man -whose -wife she is, and him she loves with her -whole heart Five strikes somewhere down etairs. She is not sleepy, but it Is best to lie down and rest- So in a few moments she Is amid her pillows, and very soon the deep, tranquil sleep of first youth and perfect health falls upon her, and she slum bene quietly as a little child. What is that? She sits up in sudden terror in the darkness. Was it a cry—a cry for help? She listens, her heart beating fast Dead silence reigas—deep darkness Is everywhere. Has she been dreaming or was it the shriek of a night bird—the scream of a belated gull? No second sound foliov.s, and yet how like a ery it was— a human cry of fear, of pain! She rises hastily; she must make sure: perhaps Dot — she dare not finish the sentence. She throws on a dressing- gown, and hurries to Dora's room. A dim light bums in the corrider-; she inserts the key softly in the dressing-room door; enters, approaches the bedroom, and looks in. All is peace. The gas burns, a tiny etar of light; on the bed Dora lie^ faintly to be discerned, quite stsil, sleeping deeply. "Thank Heaven!" Vera breathes. "I was a dream or a night bird, after all." « » « » » » , Left alone, Dora Fanshawe drop asleep almost at once—the spent sleep of utter exhaustion. The loud beat of the rain on the windows does not break her rest the heavy surging of the trees Is unheard. She sleeps heavily, dreamlessly, and then, without sound or cause, suddenly awakes. And yet there is a sound in the roam—a sound faint indeed, but terrible, the sound of a man stealthily opening the jewel-cases. She springs u in bed. and a shriek,'wild, piercing, long rings through the house. . He turns with an oath, and puts his hand over her "mouth. But Dora is plucky little woman, and struggles in his grasp like a tiger-cat *"- you!" he says, between his clenched teeth. " 'Til shoot you if yon don't be still." A crape mask covers his face. With one hand she tears it off, with the other she grasps the heavy -whiskers he wears. Their eyes meet—the light of the gas-je falls upon him—the struggle ceases—fo one awful instant she stares up at him he down on her. Then, with a dull, in articulate sound she falls back, still re tainmg her hold. • He tears himsel free violently, and, without giving her second glance, thrusts the last of the jewels into his pockets, unlocks th chamber Moor, and flies. He Is out i the pitch darkness of the wild, we morning before Vera looks into he sister's room. * And Dora lies still and sleęps on, but with wide open, glazsd eyes, fixed in some strong horror. She lies motion less, and the open eyes staring blanki at the ceiling flutter not, nor close. She has her wish; she -will sleep, an on this earth that sleep will never b broken. ..The splendor and the glory o tbe -world spread at her feet would fat to win one glance of gladness from thoś sightless eyes. The mighty problem is solved—o Time and Eternity—the soul that ha fled in .the darkness and silence of th night has looked upon the holy and aw ful face of God. The hours-wear on; inside the sleeper sleep, and quiet reigns: outside the win veers, and drives the storm-clouds be •fore it; a few stars palely usher in the dawn. Sounds of life begin in the house, servants, stilly sleepy and -tired, dra themselves down stairs. Scarlet an crimson clouds push, away with ros hands the blackness, and presently th sun rises like the smile of God upon th woria. But Dora Fanshawe rises not wBl rise-no more until the Ttesurrectio. Day! ; ... <To be continued.) 