RAILWAYS BENEFIT SOCIETY. THE BALLAR'AT PICNIC. Tire annual demonstration bf tire Victorian Railways Benefit Society was Irelrt at tbe agrleulturril society's "grounds,' I'.allurut, on Saturday. JPbere weie some heavy showers (luring tire day, but tlib proceedings Were not seriously Interrupted. Eight trains from Melbourne hi-nnirlil 4500 visitors. Iinlf of wbom were railway .servants; three trains from tlemllgo brought 2000, anil ftoin the-- Dimboola, Stawell, Ararat ami HorsliAm districts there emtio 2000. There was u very large assemblage on the grounds, and before the sports commenced there were many reunions of- friends; The Iriiln brluglug the dcfiurtuieulal and blRelril pnlty arrived shot-Viy lrefoie it o'clock, nud luncheon -was'' -served ih a iiirgo pnvtllbn.. Mr. It. IG'. Kfcut, Set'l'Ctiily for .Railways and prosiUent of tiie society, occupied the'chnlr. Oii i.,s right were 'ilr. H, It. Wlllhmis, lire Minister for Rrillwiiys, Ihe Mayor of Ballnrut 'City (Councillor El- Hot), XL'Ssrs Morey alid' D. -Hrtin, M's.L.G.,' linil Mi-. Mufpliy, M.L.'A. Oil llli! left were Mr. Mnthlosdn, Hallway Coin.inisslouer;' Mr. Filzpntrlok, traffic, ifih'nagcr. iihd -.vice -presi dent of tire society; Messrs. J. Hi .Style's, Vale mid Gray, M's. L:A. Auiongst thq otlier ghosts wore ilr. 1;ar YVyiiiie, Ji,L.d.'; Messrs. Klrt'oh aiid Tinlles, M's.L.A.', - The treasurer, Mr. Ilniyksvvood, and the secre tary Of the society. Wbvft' lu iitleiida'nco. After the Idyril toasts.Mr.W. H., Williams proposed the health of the Minister tor Uhll- ways. . Mr. II.' R. Williams,. lii responding, said he had experience nearly 20 years ago et-whiit it was to be Mlulstcr bf Alines, then supposed to bo nn.qffielal grave, hut he was riot dnuut- cd wbdu 'lre crime "to-'bcchpy the position with Ilk iniuiy uitfichltlcs. When -lie itp- pi'oaehetl them he 'wiiri 'iletormiueil iiot to be dictated to by inert oufHldc, who know libth- Ing of tlie business. -Whatever bud happen ed, liiiicb of the Sii'cbcss of the UuilWay db- pUftirteiit Hi i-lhlng, rtttf of Us diilicditleti was to be attributed to'the"es'prlt ,i» -Aa-nu riiiioiig tlio bfflcors,, whb cordlivny worked wttU; tho MlUISIer. .... 4r "cbiriihlssloner, Mr. Mrithie- son, Wns a man "of long expcrlenco, aiid he was proceeding with lils duties with great- ahllity nnd sueeess, despite any outside criti cism. So 'far -.as he could 'see. the travelling public had nothing/to couiplniu about. With tho bounteous, harvest It wnS kiiiiwn that there would be tlHs year a larger gross re-, .yeuuo tbaii had been kiiowu slueo the rail- whys existed. He had board It sitld that there was ft section of the Ballnrat public Indignant about .tlie-SlUduru rallwHy. They assmneil that- thciro was some difficulty -abnnt getting- tho railway tb MRdut'ii 4 hrbnght through Hopetoun. lie assured Ballnrat that there would be every, opportunity of laying the I-Iopetouu proposal; which ho regarded ns a legitimate ilomnnd, before the Assem bly, committee, nnd to,,Ugbt the question put Ih tlio House. There would lie no prejudice there for one Hue iinorc than another, ami Ballitrat ought tb dismiss tlie feeling tliat It was being tricked : bbt of a good oppor tunity. , ' Mr. Mnthlesoii, lh responding to the toast of Ills health, said that by this time Bullae, it knew there wns.iio truth lu tlie vntnor tlint tlio building of railway engines was' tb .be relHovetl frbtit th'-cnce: , Tliei-e were J.Soiire railway oflieors wiio were entitled to receive, miieb Ini'ger Hiillii-ieu tliriu l-hey now did, aiirl if I'ltrllmirent lmd been sitting be believed this would have befra .Attended to. The rail way revenue this y.Car Would he, there was every reason to belJevo, £250,0110 above last yerir's. Ho Ititeiided'tiViiiiike every etTort sb to Improve the working -of the railways as I o render them second-) to noire In Australia. As to the milliner hi. which heavy passenger traffic was dealt with here, If the Working of the KpsOm rate fraltis were compared with the V.-orkliig of the MMbtthrtle-Oitp traflic.- the superiority of Vfetorhlii jiiitiiageineiit would bo seen. :r- Mr. George G I libs proposed tire toast of The Victorian 'Railways Mutual Benefit So ciety. Mr. Kent aiiuoimeed'"tiirtr. during its life tire - benefit society Ilrid" rtlstiibuted £42,000 ih sick pay. . .. 7 , The Railway Band, lire Ballnrat Railway Bnnrt and tire "WHIInmslown Tirnss Bninl were In altcnUanco at the sports, and in tire evening a eoncei't Wiis given by lire Victorian Rililwny Musical Sot-lCty. All tbo events In the sports were closely contested. The., results, were: — : . Maiden Plate, 131) '.vds.'-YT. W. Cook, i; Rvan, 2. Boys' Race, -100 yds:— .Til-Mnddeu, 1; IVSo'utar, 2. Ilandiciip Race, 1 mild.— II: Hopper,-!;1 -W,-New- green, 2; II. Bradlcyj-SioLic'"- - - i- Ofllcers' Cup. -.KM yds.— J. Montcifh,, Sam son, 2) If. .T, Jbhuston, 3. p Sheffield Handicap, 130 A'dsp-j. Jarhfon.' i: \V.' Walker, ,2; CI;' M'«r.lth,;3:' . ' . ' ' IlnirdJenivFIat Race, lialbmile.— II. Oittsoh, i; A, Smith, 2j A. T. Woods, 3,;' l'fitato Race, loo; yds.—, \Y.; Ncnrgfat'd, 1; D. Jcn- licr, 2; 1'. Logan, 3. . 