1y CHARLES DEB BERINARD. "? AiPT']. :;l. (Conttiniec -''.. ".\o doilbit th'e feeling, tlith'Iw?CIs firy i?-g 'to :overcoiine altered: 'my' flic which, reflected in the irror 'seemiied somiething straingit and super humiian; quite dreadfilul, 'to me:iii.?Half distriicted [ still held ion imy way, urgel on by I knoii i nit WlilR power ypart fr:: ii;my town will. I no' longer tlingh acted ; thmi sp'ctre, whiclh , saw in the mirror, allkinag baickivards lefose me; dragged ie ifter iti and lic:.lied tli strengtlh 'to teair 'myself from its uo seei grilsp., ,:: , '., -: , . "lWhat went on in my litd ;for the rest obf- tli'jiouriei y i dreiiam such as the paltienit in i:mi idlo'is', iiust s h.'myv and i:,iiit lw d divye iie oiit"' of mr senses if I tried to .reinember the' de ta•ils of it. ::Whe I, rcicihed "the Cos sack's _gdIve niteelimiiclly 'vent through the irtIliTdd tol'ei formi Itore off the.pie'e of .arlk, I shouted out the requiemi ;' thaitT I ciian remiiember per feetly well. ' Then suddenly a dreadful voice ansiwered mine, iand made me lose what little sensesa I i had left. Shall I confess my wealkness, and" stupidity ? I fancied I lihad coiimitted ani act of sacrilege, and tllhat the 'Cossack . iad left:his tomb.to punlish lle. .-I felt my brain in ai whirl aid myiheart was icy cold ; after that: I remelmber nothing iiiore." Servain had listened to.his nephew with.a preoccupied air. "She's still the same," lie said, talk ingi to himself, wihen Felix lid finislied his story ; " thoughtless, wilful, in perious, recognising no otlier law than that of her own good pleasure, and no other "rsiles thani her caprices. Like thlle savages that Monutesquieu talks abouti she would cut down the tree to get the fruit. 'What a pity !" The 'twso iimein"remained silent for a few minuites ; siildenly .it the end of -thel pltlh they weie followin'g, .they saw a" light which "was coming towards them. " S"Anotheri ghost ?"said Servian, rousing himnself from ihis ieeie "L They'rie looking for mei;" replied IFelix uneasily ; " they halve come to the conclusionI thlit I hiave been I. long time gone and they fancied, perh:lps, 'thlit I' h1ie noti'ion the ivager. You ir'emeleber what tyou plromised, uncle ?" "1Manie .yourself. easy,". replied Ser vian smiling, "I'll give ia favouritble ac count of your valour if they aisk cme." '" Chatf me as lmuich as you like, but, let it be between ourselves," continued 'elix hurriedly;. "and not a' joke, iot a. word before her especially, I entreat you." " 3Before hlic. This schoolboy is un ceremonious enough," thought the mian of for.ly,.whomt his nephew, with out ]Inowing' it, disgusted consider ably. " She ihas bewitched him.'. But whati right havue to lecture hint ? ' A nian Ihas more right to play tlhe fool at his age than -Lt mine." . DI)uring this interval the light tlhat they litd seen appn'roachinlg had come nleau'er to them, alndl soon they were able to distinguish a. group of people wa'lking towards them. In front was a serivant, carir ing a. lanterni, belhind him Camei Colonel I[erbelin, mnarchiiig with a. military step iaid keeping hlis diiaeicreegularily, as an oflicer onl his round. ldoes with relation, to the torch bearer iwho pieceedes" him.' I'n a' line with ler fathler walked Madame Caus sade, m'ntuled in ' long shawl',l wiichli she lild- thrownl over her' hlead, aidul' leanin"g oi Monsie ur T'onmyrion's arm. To judge b}a her frequent bursts of laughter the ltitteir was indulging in frequent sallies to keep up the spirits of his comlpuuion. "hli,!' .wlho goes there ?" - cried the colonel ill '.stentoriani voice, when ,the to :gri'oups wiere within hearing of one aiother. . ' "??to ghosts insteiad of o-one," re plied Seiian, in no 'less fornmidablle tones... '";Why, if I 'am not ministalien it's our friend Servian," said Colonel IIerbelin, Whlen by the light of the two lanterns he was able to ealmine the features of the nmeW arrivial;I, and 'stepping- forward lie -grasped tle new-comer's -lianduand slHooh it ]l'iiartily. Serv ;iii returllt'ed the colonel's cor dlisil Hilute; tlen lie bowed silently to liadaime Cauissade--who oni recognis ing'hiin hmid blushdlid slightly-and wound upl by 'exchangi?g wit.h '2Moen sicur `T' Qiayrion ii rt?'t g hlll.vhiec ' was i so dhnt it i a on 'ii" 0 itlthe ' side, '' Who lie. diiecc expected the plea sure of.seeing 'you to-night ?" said the coloiiel, takilng his friend's atIm; ' I thought yoli weir in. 1ltaly. Well, I lhope iyour tr ivels a.re over I Do you knmo' -yoil've ,been roamilg aboiut for 1ore:tI(h 1n a -'year ? tl?t, we'll t"lllk about tlhat, afterwards." At present' we have: a. ghost to examsine. Now, Felix, advianice at fhle 'word."' ; Young ' Canmbier, 'ieyed ; the ordler,.' ai;, inmitkling a'. imilitary salute, lhe pre sstiled the piece of. builk thate 'l Iaud taken Tfrom'tlhe"plane tree'. '"ri"i'oif' :yoiu ,'Ug ifimce;I" cried the colonel, 'lmuighin good iinturiedly ; .'" I knews ho wouldl preseirve lhis lonour." "'Is it ireally from the .,phine tre e?" asked; lnuuaihime Ctaussadie, with 'mil uock ing:in:redi'ulity. : ..... ' : ': i ?hldame-i ' said Felis, looklingi of feuded, : :' Oh till rilght I' idoiit.be angr'y," conti?nitlnfe -'lie:Lld\; :.,d l'In quite pre-, ,inred'to belie.e tlhat,'youiliivie serumpu- lously fultlledl the condilitions; but at ulest. ;onfess ta::iit yobu" "werec sadly frughlteued."' '"F?'igit'ie i??i' ' Miilaine" "' ieplieid Cainlier';:di?seo'ee'l ed in lspite of hinil self ".youlg doii't reqilly ineun s'liihit"3O ".a5 + -'ii3 "? '!, ;: :" 3 :' :' ,:,i'", .fI mun: it the mOre, as a.t this 'very mnoimnenit, youl ire cdlodisitng," r:etocrted adliiiniie Caissaide wViti ismior 'sblesir-. ' Colouring,! L I ",:.exlaniid l tl Saint-Cyr student,;- ihiose' face ion}-'al most rivtilled his spileii'lid; di.esin? gowll illt colour, ?"::ou arce mistnateni niadnule 1 '::ilsuire youI. I ul ';to i'li niy 'fiale for a:long tinie to 'get"'the white ' oil, ni tliat's .why it seems'red dertlhnl: uisual-bilt .n? to being fright Cned--l' not, ' childl just n. askimy. ilncle." : ,,: . ': , .' , :,. , '. , Ser? iiii "ianswereid hik ,ineph'ew'5 'e-i trectin?g look'i witlili?in l.iniou s'gllanci . ''ihcon iassuiliig the grn'id soledinity of I ii itiess?oi hlis' bath,l lie ?nid': .." To tcll .tl e tiruth, .' iiiust 'declaii thii.t' 'elis .illiiveil h?it s?pedt 'si litit bravel?. 1 thinik thiit f elii of, lhis iige :oidId haiiv ?1i :itheir . spis l such an ltrepid' t nrilinuiier. i,. ;': "i"Sinc eloiisi ciir Serviitiii tlstitc:l to his itephew's brnviert;w ,o slihall ictcept it henceflorwaiid as a?n i.rticle of faith,'" ireplied altidliime.ll Ciissilden ' quickly. "Alonkeur Servicin is too great ;ici aun thority. (nt thi: subject for his'opinion. not to ,be conclusive. ".." ?i. These. words : were empnhasiised by, ;'ilch a ..'sreastie ,accent. tlhat-'an-y ninia without .being over punctilioui, might hallve taliel',otfl'enc .:it tliheim. ,' Instead of .illipe'iring 'noinded: however,, Scr vi?aln smiled; " ":Y ou :fl atter . ine;i.idnlume." he rec p?lied 'ith ii? liii' of iroulhtil imodesty, " but I cin1it, itc'iccit yolir eulogy Seci 'oisly" Pai.frioitirpriidiing myself on iiy. herobiciiititlridity:: t iist??onto lfes9 thit bonicei ig'" Feli'x .T wiisoitlmheioitof p rudently lciiftitg lreit :i".t." .r'; 'iNo doblit you tioloj hin Tdi' it roli her ?" said atuldate Cauuside, uitter iiig this lanst \vord 'with singular em phslis, i s i f she weire alluding to some ineidint.onlyaknowi toi herself iaid the IIan \whollol shle wls addressing. " ii * 1 ot, afraid of robbers every day," r\Plied Servian. iecompanyling thes: words with a- look Which, no doubt1 *eli:mged <M?adtim'.a Oa~nissade's clhaling iwood to. one: of-'displeasuie, oir'zilitcif'iyloft-continuniig the dconver satitil, thi tdok'Mobiisieur Ton?yrionii's ani rigiii n elnd ]enceforw:irad affected to'odfi:iliin heiiemaiisks tohini. ?:' 'I.t wRis .nist midiTiglit -wheni they reaichd the lioouse, arid the colonel 'wasi. pot lon'g " giving flie siginal' fci re treat by ligh ting.a candle..'. ' \ Whlilst. ;i.hiei.thers. e're followingi his exaunple; Servian approached Maldame Causcelde, whio wasv closing" the piano,' ", Mandname," he -snid, *in .a sefiious voice whichli involuntairily .betrayede. some eotnion,: !please think vwell. enoulgsh of ime to believe.that I should not have come - here.if I had.: expected to meet you.: "As my "presence iS displeasing -to you say but ai word hnd to-morrow,,be fore you are up, PIshall be gone.", ' " I.am in my father's house and not myio'own," replied Madaime Caussade withli a coolness' inl some degree as sumned "I have no orders to gikl to anryone he re it is for you, sir, to judge of the propriety ofa your visit.". ' She then :oncluded- the conversation with l ? slight bow; and, saying- good night to her father and guests, sle lert the room, as tile others did a mnoment after'wards. - CI':. CAPTER ITT. THES "ATTACK ON 'Ti'E ) l ii IG'ENCE. i The next morning, before the break fast bell. rangi, Monsieur Irerbelin, whom the rain had prevented from taking Ihis daily walk in the park, was sittinig in his bedroom, trying to con sole hIilrself for tihe bad' weather by smoking a : long meerschaunm pipe. Two or three juick ta.ps at the dooir intcrrlupted this. agreeable occupation, and caused the colonel to jump up with the air of a trualnt schoolboy. With out takling tihe time to put' his pipe q.t lihe hill it iii one of the drawers of Ins desk, and then went to open tlhe door, outside of whliicih hle saw his daunghter, who was wearing a coquet tish molrning costnume. - , "I thought as imuch," said Madame Caussade; who began by opening :.the xvindows to let out tlhe smoke wliicl filled tle room ; "will you never cure :yourself of that horrid habit ? You deserve to be put under arrest." ' .:" Under arrest for smolking a poor little eigai- !" replied the colonel in the submissive voice, usual with fathers who: spoil theii children. " A cigar ! do you think I don't re coginise your horrid 'cmaporal ' tobacco? Tsn't, that: the name of the poiSonoulS stufl' ? Hut take care, if ever I lialage to lay liands on your, pipe." ' Witlh i. sxwift movemnnt 'Monsieur Iterbeliii took' the key out of tile drawer where the guilty pipie was hid den,.and sliplped it into his pocket. "Come, Estelle, .don't scold me." he said in. n. coaxing voice; "'T promise I ,will only ruse Monsieur Toniiayrion's cigars in future ; you can stand those ; so lct.me ofl' mly punishlment lnd come alnd iiss me." "I'll kiss you when you liv've off smoking," replied M[adame Caussade, with pouting pettishnesswhlicl, praic tised 10pon11 anyone but a. fai.ther.' would have appeared like flirting. " As you please, madame," replied the good colonel pretending to be vexed ; " but I don't suppose you caLme here solely to read me i lecture. May 1: nsk to what I owe the honour of your visit ?" : CITAPTEII TI.--(Continued.) ' . "I was going' to tell you" sa.id ]Estelle, heri charming face growing serious ; " T came to say good-bye." " What, is this nonsense !" intcrrupt edi Monsieur ITe.rbelin, looking at hlis dauiglit'er in astonishment. [Madanme Causslade took ail chair and wenti and sat down at her fateher's side. On seeing" this mnoouvreL-the usual iprelude to conlfidentiaul conversation tho hitter beenaum ierious in his turn and silently awshited -his daughliter's ex planattion. "TI will only ask your allentiohn for five minutes, father,' said .Estelle. " Eigfhteen months ago-when I became l 'widowx, man wlhoI- yo011 kiinew veryI' well and who had been very intimate witll my husband proposed to me." ' ".\Vithout my' knowledge ?" iluter rupltd tlihe colonel abruptly. t "Without :yoior klnowxledge . Ile thouglit, no dollbt, that ilmy consent would bo inore dillicult to obtain' tlan yours, nfld thit the best course wouhld be to apply to me first. Altlhough the nialclih ws agreenble io ml I in many re spects, I refused him for one sole, but, inmy ' eyes, conclusie iensoon.- Tio toleraate tilhe attentions of a:. man. whose haind I could not accept wouli lihae i?9eu.i inexcusable on my part ; I should h1ve hiven ? ccused-mnd rightly so- of coquettishncss. The person in (ques-. tiomi. was oblliged to bow to nly frankly expressed determination nt. to see him again.. A trip abro:ad served him as. a pretext. to leave me, and faoi tlhe last. yc'ar we had not, seen one another. To day.a, chiance;' Which it is dillicult for mip to believe was hot. somewhat pre isieditated, lis 'brought us tdgetlher again.l This meeting was :awl\kward ill friat, very unpleasant-to me, and Tl niade up my mind to put all end to it 1as soon as possible ; but it is not, rig-liht ilhiat it should' cause you the slightest annoyance and I do not wish to deprive yole of .the pleasureo of seeing onie of 3your friends. i So it is I whon will leave. I shall start for .Paris to-day and comb back here us.soon as lhis visit, its dover ;. I hope lie rill have the sense inot. to 'miakte it a loig one." i " Why,. are yoll referring - to Ser 'vian ?" exclnimed '±onsieur' llerbelin in amuiOPment. , . - ;. ; To none olther," replied Estellc, coldly. ; . o.ier"b The :,olonel rose impetuously, walk ed qiicklyt ulp and down1 the roo'm two or thine ltuiines; ld finally lhalting in fronttitftlie young widd w :' ' " '"SErvian did you the ohonour of prq pos iiig io sonu iid you iefiused hiini!' he iedi icd in nngry .voi''e "if I ivas ceritiaiii ?o it I belie'e I should disiil :'D isiillietorti ia hen, for it, is. thl pali: .truthi," riepllied Malliddine .Cliun id;" vitlh a sinilte thit seiind '.to 'breve t.he paitii?ril :writh.-i " : i t" Ilt.twhiit, olbjctioon haveI c 'o1u''nto hin'"? A n'iiii who is richwvell born, welhl edicated, witty, dlever-for lihde is ll thetn I .:i, a, mit: it"'.. SVell; thli,s Ri it:hi ig'? Do yoli thinlhucIis too holfdi;for you': :::?. : ' " ito ouc forty ai1:iiil i twivnty-. .even.? The differl'enice 'is .ot, ilirni I;t-i'a lis ilschsaugi to you: in' himi :No i the hcointi'?? iry TT is agrbee-, etble nild ilstisungulshed-loolking.' ' " o"Y ti adniti hliis'leve?inss ?" ;' lis elcveriiess utiiniability, jtdg mutfitikikii a d ifitity of good nlilitie'" 1: " Anid yet you ion'tlt, hin ? iii Whli 'lthe leuice h ~;v o tiyhgninstt .h ' in " 'A ~rifle, thl least tlhing i':l the' ivorld;" 'ild 'Patelle vliulst u?n iroiienl siiiu ddiliuinfiil sinlle plh ed ion? li'hei rulybs lt , ' '' li' I'"'R utslt .ilt it 9il ,? eo fonlitnd ' it ! cried thei coloinel, ?vhio in his iiigor hle ly the mit. st.violeiiit oiith tlit hii dlpghtei" p1ermitted huii tio uise.' ",' itil aihm Ciniausne drew i r li'r chlih up to'tlu"''0ofa on "hich lier father liaid sat doi'i Inid, loweilug herlic oi oe as if shei feardid thht OI.soiieone oi utslide iiigllt ihear lii,,ilio stiidL: "I only ]iow . of one littlefnuilt ili your frieiil, Sei?ivi i it ith tliit ??fbeing-"? .. A eowurd ?'9" ered' Monsieur .Ierbe 1liii as .igrily as if this out.ageous word hlid been apllied-ili " himself. " Isellet I know tliit. aC ii spoiled child, you ire allowed to nsay any fool ish thing thlt conies into your head i but this passes I jole-confound it. Seuviin ri acowvard !" ". poltroon, if you prefer it," replied Ma'ldame Caussaie, without appearing iii the least disturbed by 'her father's ,anger. Giv;e:,mie two r minutes, more an i'll p?ijvshat I say. Wheni i pane 'of glass isciracl?ed it is best to bre?ki 't, nowu s ioji.ieutr Seiviin's c'd~ age is, in iy 'e?ves,;moirc tllian ciicloile."' isel iut1igtl! e " t lo "Yoi t " that two yeairs ago, omuts?sxmnonths before my huisband's deat ' the doetors despairing of curing lii?a, .seit liim tio' Vichy to' ;talk' 'tlhe isateiru IFtor some"little tiifi.:.' past ilosisiiur Seirvian had behn very atteni iis ;tosme, bat thei'lie was'a fricnid of m'lblitushiid; So h?ididit'wi tlh us; say ing thea.t ie:had business at.Lyons, biit reially "so as not t'o be awiay fra m me. lBetween Nevers anlid Moulins--' "I know whia.t you're. going' to' sa,'" interrupted: Monsieui 1'erbelin ; i " a romalntic .adventure happened : the diligence was attackedl by robbers ; you've told .ie about: it already once before.' " Yes, but I have not told you about %the part tufit Monsieur Servinn pIla.ed ill it alll. W'e were inside, and it might have, been about an hour after mid night. All at once a great commotion was heard'; tihe diligenice stopped, the dloor. opened, and sevoral omen in blonses, with their faces blackeaied or masked, I don't know which, roughly ordered us to get oiut;. I am only a vomana, and Monsieur Cuissade 'was old a?d feeble, so we na.tuially obeyed; but ltMonsieur Servian--a man in all the vigour of his prinme'! a.. man in fict--just ,fancy, father, li he' was the first, to get out, not attemptingu the least resismanee, and only telling the robbers' not to do me any liarmn Wasn't it a. polite and wdll-timed act of attention. ?" "'These robbers were,s no doubt, arm ed ?"' remarked the colonel, as an at tempt at justifying his friend. -'tAriacd to the teeth. 13But what of tlhat ?'? "What of that ! Not so fast., If Ser vian wasvl't arnmed" l'e' had two' loaded pistols in the diligence ; two .pistols as long as your arm which lie peaceably allowed those' gentlemen, to tn?e, instead of blowing out their braiits witllh them." "'.Listen, imy dear," said the colonel, witlitthe enmbarrass'ment.which a cosn scieiltions lawyer experieinces in plead ing a.case which lie considers agood one, but of whlich he also kinows the welak points. " A great deal might be saiid about Se.rvinn's behaviour on this occasionl, and I nam certain that if you were not p'lejdicied against himn you wonuld see things in quite a different light. You see, a distinction must be malde betuween couralge and rashness. It is not givesn to everyone to keep Ihis head inl thle presesnce of a troop of high iwlnymsen who have e\very sort of advan inlge over a- mansl. You must make al loswance for surprise, for excitemenit. EIven I, who have borne myself pretty gallantly in.all the esanpaigns of the Iinplire, well, if I had fotnd myself in Servimn's place I should, perhaps, have elesd as lie did." "You, fallhen !" cried iMadame Cans side, fixing her glistening eyes on the colonel. "If yo lu hd been there you would have takcen one of the pistols in your riglit huand and the other in yo'ur left; I can see you nlow. You would nhave blown out the brains .of .the first scoundrel who showed him self at tlhe door ; the others would have fled, and then away you would have galloped." " It's possible, I might htixe been foolish enough to do. it," replied the colonel, whos could not' help. smiling with satisfaction ; " but you must re member that Servinn is not, 'like ale, ilccestoImed to flreurnlis ; lie his never sersed in the 'army ; the only shots tlit lie has ever had occasion. to fire-" "Please dos't try to make excuses for hini,': interruptedc Estelle impatiently. "Mfy s?ind is imade uip. I don't mind telling' you? tshat before this ridiculous adventure I had 'a fancy for him. His snnllulers, his disposition, and his con versation were all plecsing to ise, sand w.Vhen I became free I should, perhaps, hisvd loved hIi'm; But what could resist san. e.xperienee of this descrilption ? The massk fell, iandi the hero collapsed. Never, I feel it, could I love a. man \umios chliiacter did 'not inspire mec with that confidence andi esteem which slole 'jstsify it husbanld's supremncy." "Isams.noot a.tware that Monsieur Cals-. aside wass an 'Achilles ; and yet you misiri ed him." ,, ' ' (To ,be Continued.)" 