E X T R A O R D I N A R Y LIITY. CREDTJ A Nsw ¥ork correspondent writes Mountebanks appealine to the credulity of the iguorant in tbe name of religion are al ways with us. This year the most success ful and notorious of these is a man who calls himself the Rev. Frank tV. Sandfoid, has organised an association to which he has given the name of the Holy Ghost aod Us Ca^IA... society, and J which « has just :_.>. L.U held - : f eight days on a bill in the State of Maio< Sand ford appeared on this bill three yeai igj, with a spade in his bands, and began to Jig, saying tbat he had been commanded by God to erect a temple there, and revc' lionise the religions of the world. His 2 vas infectious, and those wbo came to si remained to assist. More than two buodred men from the adjacent farming districts joined him in the work without pay Every day he prayed for money, and soon it begdn to roll iu, for tbe deluded agriculturists sold their farms aod gave him tbe proceeds, and contributions came from others. One farmer sold all he had, except a herd of hogs, Tiiese be killed und buried, bccause V ford regarded them as unclean animals, would not receive the value of them in vVith the coutributions of tbe last three years Sandford has erected a " Tempi' Truth,'' consisting of four buildings, enclos ing a court, and has expended rnc 100,000 dollars on them. At the beginning of the recent conventiou he remarked tluvi 20,000 dol. was ueeded. He prayed for tl>3t eiiu>, and immediately afterwards exhibited the money, asserting that it had beeu sent to him from the Almighty. The society no«v has about 3000 members. Sandford baptised many uew comers during ihj convention, plunging them iuto a river, while his followers on the banks shouted " H»llelujab !' 1 In his public addresses he predicts that England and America will soon unite to subdue the whole world with fite and sword. At the close of the conven lion he sailed for England, promising to briog back a large sum of money. Probably he will returo for there is much more money to be drawn from Lhe credulous for the support uf his prajects. The society's pro pei ty n-as left iu charge of loyal assistants, ur confederates. 