SHORT STORIES.' LOVE THE ALCHIIEIST. (Concluded.) Another fortnight of suspense, and Blanche Eversleigh was out in the cool ness of the villa garden with the inde fatigable Sarah, who was almost mys terious enough to make the conva lescent angry. It was all about a cer tain visitor they might expect that evening. The light fell on the head of short curls that was resting back against the pillows, on the green shade across the eyes that the fever had weakened and spoiled. She had turned to Sarah, begging her hard to divulge her secret. "Never mind, my dear," said she, "you'll know presently." Sarah had been knitting; the ball of wool had fallen to the grass. Blanche stooped to pick it up, the thin hand groping as if blindly -before she cap tured it. Someone coming up over the lawns that moment saw the little scene with eyes not guiltless of an unusual moisture. He caught sight, too, of the end of Sarah's sequined sash as she es caped into the house. Then the world seemed to have turned back a page or two in its his tory, for it was Claude Reeves's low voice that was asking the invalid were she better-Claude's hands holding her's once more! They sat there talk ing till a little breeze came up from the sea, and then they turned in doors. It all seemed. like a dream to Blanche; and, as in a dream one does not stay to question why or wherefore, she .did not pause to wonder what had brought him back to her. Perhaps-who knows?- he saw some dawning of a new emotion in the pale face that so slowly seemed winning back its roses, for, when the tender lights of a Riviera eventide calmed and softened everything, he asked her again to be his wife. Of course, Sarah was delighted; of course, the entire English colony came en fete to the wedding, and covered them with flowers; and, when she had been allowed another week for conva lescence, Claude asked her where the honeymoon should be. "We will go to London-to your rooms," she said, "to the very spot where you lived out your life before you met me." . It would be too cold t'%ey said; Claude must ask medical advice. When he came back from the doc tor's villa on the hills there was no one in their rooms but Sarah, who, un like' her energetic self, was standing doing nothing at the window. He came in, paper-white, and touched her arm. "Where is Blanche?" he said. "She is at the Crofts'; they have a rose tea, at which everyone is to have a bouquet."- There was a pause. Then Sarah paled "The news?" she said. "You asked?" When Reeves spoke his voice was hard and rough. "He says, as far as he can judge, she is incurable-she can (do as she pleases. It would be best to let her have her way." A shadow as of some heavy cloud fell over Sarah's society face. "Then you will go, I suppose?" she said dully. She seemed lost in deep thought for a moment; then she went over to Claude. "My friend," she said; and, although the tears were running down her face, -her eyes were full of hopefulness; "it was love she wanted. Claude,- she has got it now. She will live. Do not de. spair." So to London and Green-street they. went, arriving on a dull chill day late in a murky afternoon. After a cosy tea by the fire, Blanche insisted on looking round his rooms the rooms to which he had returned only last summer, the night she had refused him. "It seems so odd-so sudden," she said, suddenly; "and now-now," slip ping her arms round his neck, "now we are bride and bridegroom." "Don't think of what's over!" he said; "look at the picture over there. Do-you recognise the spot, dear?" She went up and looked at it. "Why, it's a bit of Suffolk, Claude! Why did you paint the oaks as though you loved them?" She turned, push ing up the shade across her eyes, on to the soft tendrils of the cropped hair. "I did love them-you forced me to. And then-I loathed them!" he said gently. She turned again to the picture, say ing nothing, and he fancied she was only recalling the view of wood and copse from Sarah's flower- verandah. But when, a moment later, she turned her face to his, he saw that the great tears were running down it, from be neath the green shade. "How you must have suffered!" she said, brokenly; "how you must have suffered." He 'did not answer, save to press her hand; it seemed safest to keep si lence if he were to keep his composure. He walked to the window and stood staring out of it. She came up behind him, putiing her arms round him, twining and un twining the restless Angers. "I want to make a confession," she said. He laid his hand softly across the unsteady lips. "Not now! Not now!" he urged. "I must, Claude. Hear -me now. When in the old days you showed me that you loved me, I was glad, hide ously glad. When you seemed, in my fancy, to slacken off, it made me miser able, though, through all that time that seems a nightmare to me now, I never meant to treat you seriously-to love you in return. You were my toy-no, dearest, I must speak. I liked to play until I broke you. . . Then, that day you left me, I woke up. . . Claude, I could sleep no longer-dream no longer. Your shadow haunted me; the very scent of those Banksia roses grew a horror. Your face, like some ghost's face, mocked and laughed at me. And now. . . Look at me now. . Why, Claude, why, you are crying. Never mind. There-never mind me. If I can care no longer, why should you be so sorry for me?" The light fell on her upturned face. Would Sarah's words prove false? Was their brief pleasure doomed so soon to fade? Dying? She? She leaned upon his breast, staring into his face-the shade torn off from over the pitiful eyes with the violet circles round them. "Speak- speak," she said, in a hoarse whisper, emotional with the hysteria of a half- recovery. "Tell me have you quite forgiven me-" "Forgiven you, darling- " Her face was distorted with the un reasoning fear that he' would desert her. "And you will never let me go? Never? Never? Never fall off from loving me-never turn from caring just the same?" He put his strong arms round her closer. "Hush - hush! Everything's all right," he said, but the pallor of his face seemed, to give the .ie to his calm words. "You are here, Blanche, safe with me. . . None can take you from me. . . . Why, look at the light on the Suffolk picture, dear. It has given it a real sunset behind the pollard oaks." She turned and looked. quite com posedly at 4t; the tempest of passion, of emotion, seemed to have passed away, but over the sad eyes, strained and, red, stole a blinding veil of tears. "My eventide!" she said, but half aloud. "And I am going to be so strong in it-strong and sincere, brave and very patient; and you shall never call me false again-never say that I am.only a flirt without a heart to love with. Never call me lying-treacher ous-hollow- " She dropped her face into her hands. Somehow he could ifind no reassuring words just then; speech had forsaken him. And this. The first day of their honeymoon. . . Then she looked up. "You-you think I shall be myself again?" The light behind the pictured oaks grew deeper and deeper. "My child-we cannot tell. I only know that love like ours- " He paused and kissed her. 'She smiled, and he thought she had i'ecovered her ceD osure. "Love heals many wounds," he quoted, softly, "and you and I, Blanche- " She was looking straight past him out into the gathering autumnal dark ness. Suddenly, the terrible fear of something she did not understand seemed to overtake her. She swayed-tottering blindly-and would have fallen had he not been near her. She clung to him, sobbing like a frightened child. "Claude! Claude!" the cry rang out wildly, lou'dly through the silence of the darkening room-"I want to live! I want to live!" Three months came and went. Claude Reeves and his wife were down at Sarah's house in. Suffolk on a list visit. "It is just as I predicted; you are as well now as ever!" Sarah would ex claim a hundred times a week. "Love is one of the cleverest doctors going. When I was engaged, poor Edmund would actually write me love poems, though he has written nothing since. And I remember how annoyed he was when I lit my spirit stove with one of his pet effusions! . Perhaps it was that indignity that nipped his classic muse in the bud." Blanche was standing at the boudoir window, looking out over the chaos of fallen leaves to a certain break in the oaks where the road to the village met the drive. She did not appear to have heard a word of Sarah's reminiscences, for pre sently she said, quite vaguely- "He will be back' here in a moment. He has only gone to the post . Sarah, I sometimes think that if Claude and I h'ad never chanced to meet again-" Sarah smiled, but inwardly, at th6 thought of a scribbled message sent one night from Nice to Green-street. But she said nothing, and, as a man's shadow darkened the window, and his quick steps crossed the verandah to the door, she ran away to trim a hat till dinner-time. The quidk steps paused at the door and came in. He walkeO over tti Blanche, with the late afternoon sun gilding his face and the sleeve of his rough tweed coat. "Not tears?" He lifted his wife's fair face and kissed it. A gust of wind blew a sheaf of leaves against the window. "No! No! Not really. I was only thinking. Claude! sweetest..... dearest. . . . I wonder why I am so ridiculously happy?"--"'The Gentle woman." t 4.?i '& The. Reason.-"The Examiner" gains steadily in circulation, because all its acquaintances become friends. 