;OMPI<ETE STORY. U1S B- - vor fpOTiisirn) by specux 'ahhanoestekt.j .ici :ke i» SHAN F. BULLOCK, lor ofBy Thnisna River," " Ring o' ■ Rushes," &c.;, &o.; fcorrBianr-l 11 © our way kad lain through A "' ■ • an arid country, a place i)f bleak rocky mountains, scrubby hills, and 1%ax& cottages scattered sparsely among barren t]tmiheltered fields; now, once in fat Meath, rciuddenly all was changed. ^From a desert t Jro had passed, as it were, to a land of gar peas. Tho hedges sprang thick and tall; tho s Ellis stood round and fruitful; the fields lay > lush and soft; here was a fox cover, there a remaster of giant poplars, far off stretched a fir o&lantation; backed by tho light blue of a pJaountain and the lighter azure of the •jhorizon; everywhere prosperity lay brood }Idhg and smiling—on the golden orchards, the v^mug farmhouses, the great wide-spreading ^pastures. We were just in tho thick of all that; aiirhen, suddenly, almost in sight of the white ftvalls of Leek, over the hedgerow on our left °nose the gaunt skeleton of a house. Like the (wreck of "some high amiral" it lay, for ilorn and pitiable, its rafters naked to the sky, Jits window holes empty and moss grown, its Jirallfl cracked and weather stained; within ijand without a place of weeds and desolation, homo of loneliness and ghosts. like a ttplague spot it showed on the comeliness of i/the country, side. The sudden incongruity of jfifc all was startling, and involuntarily X turned £to Dennis" ' " What, in heaven's name, docs it mcanr" kjeaid I. *1 Is—is it haunted or what ?'9 • £■ Without a word, Dennis stepped across, the ■j^xoad, mounted the ditch and stood looking Tover tho hedgerow. Quickly I followed; and {there had sight of the whole forlornness of the EJlnlnco. Here was an orchard, tangled, tyorokea; there a haggard, empty, and dis ordered; between them .lay a garden in iriotoas ruin, a wilderness of choked fruittrecs, , flaunting weeds, overgrown paths, tumbled ^ beehives. The yard was a meadow; the out jhouses a long misery of broken walls and Shattered roofs. Not a bird 6tirrcd in the empty eaves, not a hoof showed itself on hill ,or field; right and left, hero and there, was .^only loneliness and desolation, y; For a while I stood there looking and [•.wondering; then, quite suddenly and dis iticordantly, like the sound of a meadow crake ^breaking through the stillness of the night, F camc the harsh voice of Dennis. £.."It gets worse an' worse," said he, and r slowly wagged his head; " worse on' worse. fXast time I came these parts 'twas only an & eyesore; now—now it's like some deserted £ graveyard or other. Ay. It's miserable to feast eyes on it. It's like something you'd xfdreamed of. An', man, the pity it is. The ^fine place-it was once, the fine prosperous f.placo; the best place in all Heath, an* the ^oest land from here to back again. Yes, sir. An' now look at it—look at it 1 . . • An' all through a woman," said Dennis, ,and cut .viciously at the hedge with his stick; " all [.through a woman!" 11A woman?" said I, looking round. "A woman, you said, Dennis ?" ; " Ay," returned he. "That's it. • . . SBut don't ye know?" asked he with a half 1turn of his head. "You don't ? Then where, |in glory's name, were ye? Abroad is it? Ej Aw, yes indeed. Abroad where they livo in rtheir ignorance, an' want to know nothin', iOan> never see a paper. Well, como away an' pTll tell yo," said he; then left the ditch, irtook again to tho road, in a while clambered □ over a rusty iron gate and led the way along fca narrow track which ran through the fields *and down tho slope on whose broad crest |etood the ruined house. The best land in Iceland," moaned Dennis as ho went,'his ehands beneath his coat tails, and his eyes Brooming far and near" an' it's gone to the Ldevil. Look at it, goin' to waste. Think o' |the flocks an' herds, the sheep, an* cattle, an' ghorses, that ought to fcc sportin* through all gfhm fields. An' not ono tlicro is; not one. |Sm* not a sonl is there to he seen. An' hardly git foot over stirs the dew on it. An*—why? po ask. Well, just for this: That there's a IcurBQon it; aud there's blood on it; an* Ithere's a ghost on it. But wait," said Dennis, lyfth a wave of his arm. "Tuke your time. cLeavo thot for a while." §j:.At tho foot of tho alopo wo camo to a [.stream, just then somewhat shallow, but /rtoep and high in its hanks, that ran ^pleasantly towards tho road (being crossed |thcro by a Bingle-arched stono bridge) and jfcajno bickering merrily past tho meadows £and poplars and willow dumps along tho ^valley. Towards this from tho house a path £«ame down, reached a footplank that stretched from bank to bank, and vent on, as it were, past a hazel thicket, and np the slope on the farther side. 1 ho plank was broad and stout, and worn somewhat in the middle; it we crossed cosily, Dennis crossing himself de voutly the while, aninoar it sat down in the cool grass with our feet dangling over the water. All was very peaceful and gracious just there, in that golden afternoon; just a voice at intervals from the road and the fields beyond it, a soft babble from the stream, the hum of gnats and the twitter of birds, over all the serenity of a summer sky. Dennis lit his pipe; leant his elbows on his knees, crossed his arms, and looked at the fcot-phmk. " Ay," said he, " that's the place. Who'd think, lookin' at it now, that sunshiny an' innocent it looks, that ever such things could ha* happened ? Ah, it's wonderful the ways o* the world, an' the way it changes. An' there's the trees it was tied to; an' there's the clump he lay hid in; an* thero's where he fell; an* there's where she Never mind; wait till I come to it," said Dennis, sitting uptight; then took two or three quick puffs and went on. "It's wonderful to tho world," said Dennis, in that sententious way he had at times, f< tho difference there is in people. I often think of it. There's a whole mile between every man, woman, an' child in every townland; an' there's from here to ilullingar between every two nations. Ay, there is that. You're yourself, an' Fm mine, an' t'other chap has his own grip o* things; an* there's more than the sea (for that God be thanked) keepin' England from Ireland. Take us as ye like; in formin', in ways o' lookiu' at things, in our talk, an* our songs, an' our habits, we're just as much like the English in these parts as a turnip's like a carrot. Ay, wo are; an' I'll bring ye a proof by pointin' to the bouse np there, an' tellin' about the men that used to own it. What happened to them would never ha' happened to one of ourselves; the way they livea, an' spoke, an' dressed* an' carried on wasn't our way; an' if you'd meet them out there on the road, you'd torn an' look at them, an' say to yourself that tho blood in them v&s; as foreign as a Chinaman's. Ye would so; an* you'd bo right. "'Twas far back, years and years ago, that the hither o' them came to Jleath, an' took tho land you're sit tin* on, an' settled down in the big house above, an' gave us all a squint at his English ways. He was & big, hard-headed, diver man; a powerful hand at farmin', open enough in the hand, a magis trate too, an'* as well liked as the kind of him ivcr got the chance to be. The wife died young; one o' the daughters went.after her; t'other married a Dublin doctor an's there yet; an* when at last th' ould man went his ways the two sons stepped into his shoes an' between tbcm carried on things, i "It's them I'm to tell ye about. Th' ouldest was a decent chap—Harry, they called him—big, hearty, good-lookin\ free : wi' bis money an' bis drink, an' with the j best eye in the world for the points of a horse. Hon, but ho was the boy could ride, i an* shoot, on' make the fat rise on a beast; | an' in fair or market be was as good at a | bargain as he was broad in the back. We liked Horry well these parts; ay, we did. He bad always a good word for one, an' a I laugh, an! a joke. . If ye wanted advice he'd jgive it; if a beast was sick he'd glory in curin' it; ho'd lend ye onythin* he had from a plough to a hatchet; an' no man ever went , from his door wi' a slack waistcoat, j "But t'other—that's Ned—wasn't like that, aw, divil a bit. He was middle-sized an* dark, an* thin o* the face, an' none too free with his money or his company; he'd owe a grudge against his own father an* keep it till ho paid it, an' he had a temper, a black blooded ugly temper, that came surely to him from some ould Saxon cut-throat. Ay, . ho was dark, was Ned. You'd never know how to tako him. Ho couldn't look ye straight in the face. He never went to a hunt, or played cards, or stood yo a drink, or , tried to make himself agreeable; he'd walk a mile wi' ye. an* never open his lips, an' hardly ever did a laugh rattle in bis throat. . . . An' yet there was gpod in him," said Dennis, and looked thoughtfully at bis boots. "Aw sure there was . . . oniy 'twas a aays journey iu uuu u.. - "Well, sir, the two o' them buries the father; gives him an' the mother a Hue tomb stone wi' railia's round it beyond in Leek graveyard, an' settles down in tho big house above. They had room enough, Lord knows, with all them rooms on' hails an' passages, an' work enough in all them, fields; an* for a while things went swimmin' with them. They were what you'd call gentlemen farmers; theso kind that believe in workin* with their eyes an' wits an' kcepin' their bunds in their, pockets. You'd never find ono o' them at the tail of a plough, or bendin' a hayfork across his knee, or sittin' down to his dinner at the back of a ditch. Aw.no. That wasn't their English way. They knew: better than that. 'Twos out o' bed at day break an' away through the fields an' the dow; 'twas back to their breakfast at six, an' out again to set tho men to their work; then ; 'twas saddle a horse an' away with Horry over the land, roamin' op an* down, hero an' thero; an' out after him'd go Ned, a gun ou his arm, a dog at his heels, an* not man nor mortal wi' the ghost of a notion where he was goin'. ^ "No, sir; no man could fathom Ned. Ycu'd seo Harry on the horse a mile awav, an' you'd know his whereabouts by tnc laugh an' whistle of him; but Ned'd come upon ye as sudden as a cat on tho stairs, an' him wi' his eyes down, an' them burnin' holes in everything he'd seo. Nothin' 'd escape him; an' God help tho man he found wustin' a minute. He'd hardly givo ye time to light yoar pipe ;* an' if so be you'd anger him he'd flaro out at yo wi' English oaths that'd make ye gasp liko a dvin' fish. But set a woman in Ned's way? be eho lady or beg-frarwoman, an* he'd be as soft in the tongue an' bright in the eve as a draper tryin* to sell ye a suit o' clothes. Yes; women were Ned's weakness. He liked them, an' he said he did, an' he told themso: an' sure, bein' what they are, they listened to his bieatber, an' liked him back. Anyway, one did, an' it's no matter about the rest; an' it's about herself I'd now be tellin* ye." Dennis knocked the ashes from his pipe, slowly refilled and lit it; then lay back on his elbow, crossed his legs,' and looking towards the big house went on. "Sho was the daughter of one James Long, a gentleman farmer himself aud a big man in his way, that lives a mile or so beyond tbe road tbere t'other sido of the railway. She had money at her back, was an only daughter; on' for the rest was a tight bouncin' lump of a lassie, wi* her share o* good looks an' ways, but, as far as ever I could see, a hit too fine in the bone an' soft in the manners for your farmer's wifo. Set her at the piano, or put her on a horse, or sit her in a big armchair wi* a story book in her hand, an' sho was in her glory ; but give her a big churuin' o' butter to make, or a row o' cows to milk, or ask her to lend a hand at the hay when work was throng, an' where was she? Phat! She was worse than useless; she'd muddle things, be in the way, be afraid o* soilin' her hands. She was the kind o' female I have no likm' for," said Dennis. Her an' her likes ought to be put in chairs an' fed with spoon meat. What I like to see in a woman is a good temper, good Trillin' hands on her, a taste for the kitchen an' the pots an' pans; inst that an' a good shoreo' health. Good looks," said Dennis, with a snort. White hands, an* nice teeth, an* the ways of a lady! Phat I Thinkin' o' them disgusts me—-disgusts me", and Dennis shot upright, | set his lips, and looked as. fierce as Brian Boru. "Howsomever, all that's as may be," he i continued, in a while; "an' just now one or ; another's little matter. So Ion# as women's | women an' men fools, so long, I suppose, will i your doll's face be like a candle for the moths. I j Ay, it will; an' so it was wi' Long's I I daughter, lie country went wild* after her. I You'd think 'twos the Queezi o' Sheba had [ come to life again. Wherever ye went 'twas Letty Long this, an' Letty Long that, till I ye were sick o', the name of her. You'd think she was the only woman on the country side. 1 Good-night,' you'd say to some young fellow or another you'd meet. ' Good-night,' he'd answer, an' shuffle on. 'Aren't ye comin' ray way?' you'd say at that. 'Aw, no,' he'd answer over his shoulder. ' I'm— I'm— Good-night to ye, Dennis,' and off he'd march to Long's. An' the next man you'd meet'd be goin' to Long's, and the next, till, 'pon my davy, you'd begin to wonder where in glory they found room round the hearth stone for all the fools. Ach! 'twas sickenin'. I have no patience wi' such foolery. 4'An'.there among them Miss Letty'd sit,* makin' eyes at this one, an* eyes at that, an' she in her fal-lals on' flounces, an' there the gomorils'd sit worsbippin* her, an' glowerin' atone another, an' ready to cut throats for her soke. Ach!'twas sickenin'. An'withal not a finger Letty'd raise in favour o* one more than t'other, not a finger till one night, when who walks in an* sits him down bat my darlint Ned Smith.' An' then was the scatterraent. Then was the whillaloo through the countryside. It was just as if a hawk had dropped . among the chickens. Every where ye went the jabber was in your ears. 4 Ha' ye heard the news?' this one'd say, an' take ye by the collar. 'Ha' ye heard about Ned Smith an' ' 'Ach, gluck!' you'd answer an' break away; an' there before you'd be another man wi' the same story, an' when you'd get home sure your ears were tired hearin* o' tho way Ned scattered t'other fellows, an' the fine genteel English fashion he had o* courtin', an' the way he'd read to Letty from books, an* take her for walks in the orchard, an' the things he was huyin* for her—brooches, an' bats, an' gloves—an' the glee Letty herself was in, an' the big spirits the father was in seein' such a tine, 'moneyed decent boy sittin* by his fireside—sure oneTs ears""were tired of it all, I tell ye, sick an1 tired of it. Who wants to hear o* such foolery? Who but a foreigner *d go courtin' in that fashion. Couldn't he ha' stuck his toes in the ashes like another, an' made his kaloy, an' stole an odd kiss if he wanted it now an' then, instead o*— "Aob," cried Dennis, "I can't spako o* such lunaoy. It's beyond me. There's more time wasted thceo parts runnin' after women th&n;'d do to plough the coantxysido twice over; but when it comes to your English ways o' courtin* I'm only fit for coram*. The foolishness of it! An' Ned Smith, too Black Ned I Sure, in a way, 'twas only pure charity when, one day, Harry'casts eyes on Letty, goes to see the father, takes to visitin' at Long's an' sets himself to rival the brother. 'Twas so. But sure—but sure—'twas foolish, maybe, after all. Ab, it was. Think o* what rame of it," said Dennis, and wagged his head doleful. "Look round ye an' see what came of it/ Look at bare rafters np there, an' tho tumbled offices, an' the bare fields. An' all because one day Hany Smith cast eyes on a woman an' set himself to rival tho brother; Isn't it powerful to tho world the strange way things are managed iu it ? Isn't woful curious that women can do such things, an'men be such fools? An' doesn't strike ye as carious too, when ye consider all tho fomales that's scattered over a country side, that two brothers must cast their dyes on the same woman, on' fall to courtin' her, an' fall to trcatin' each other as if they were strangers—ay, an' worse than strangers? Eh," asked Dennis, "what d'ye think your self?" "I think with you, Dennis," sold I. "It is curious—perhaps a little more than that." "Ay,"said Dennis. "Well, we'll leave it there, then, for there's on uso in talkin'. JTnybe* twos Providence ordered thiugs; may be 'twas only chance sent Harry to Long's; maybe 'twas the devil himself; anyway, he came, an' that's enough, an.' that was the bejrinnin' o' sport. , "Talk? The country was' buz2ia* with, it inside a week. 4 Sure the queerest thing it is,' ye heard from everyone: 1 the strangest thing in the world. Think o' the two Smiths after the one girl—think o' one brother tryia' to oast t'other—think o' mo darlint Letty sittin* yonder, wi' glowerin' Ned this side of her an* langhin* Harry t'other side, an* tbera as keen to outdo one another as if they were biadin' for the same horse at a fair! An* listen,' they'd say to yo an' look at ye that knowin*, * there'll be sport afore all's over, an' there'll be murder as sure as heaven's above ye, if so be Harry wins. There will, I tell ye. An' listen. It'll not be Harry that'll give the blow, an' it'll not be Ned that'll win. Is it Ned Smith wins, black- faced Ned ? Ab, not at all; not at alL But wait! There'll be sport as sure as the sun's sbinin', or the divil isn't sittin' in Ned Smith's eyes for nothinV " That was how people talked: an' maybe they had reason. Anyhow, they had plenty to go on; for wasn't the whole play actin' goin' on there before their eyes. Couldn't they see Ned steppin' off after dusk—an' him bound for Long's? Couldn't they hear the tramp o* Harry's horse most evenin's—an' it off for Long's? Couldn't this one see this for himself, an' that one that; an*, for the rest, j hadn't ye only to meet Ned any evenin' an* I look in his face to see trouble in bis eyes ? •Ah, to be sure. An*, Lord knows, 'twas hard not to pity him. Por what chance bad he against Harry from the very first day? Chance! About as much as a terrier has against a bulldog. Chance I He had none. Is it against big, strong, hearty, good-natured, good-lookin' Harry; on' him tne eldest; an* him a magistrate; an' him wi' moat money; an' him the finest match from top to toe that stepped in County Heath? Phew! It's ridiculous to think of it* A blind woman'd choose Harry from a houseful o' Neds. She had only to hear him laugh, or lay her hand on his shoulder, or sit listenin' to him one | night by the fire, an* the thing was done. | Ay, done. "An' Letty wasn't blind, nor the father, nor one of his kind. Ah, 'deed they weren't. They knew how many ha'pence made a penny, an' bow to cut a meadow when the sky was bine; an* so it happened just as everyone expected, for one day word came that Ned was oat on the step, an' Harty inside in the hah, an' Letty at Harry's side, an' the fox of a father blessin' them. An*, God knows, for myself t pitied the poor divil of a Ned; for he had his good points, an' was first in the field, an' the brother did die mean thing an' the unnatural thing to come Bteppin' between him an* his girl. 'Twas the chances o* war, I know; still, God knows, I pitied the white face o' him first time I met him after his downfall. I did," said Dennis, " God knows I did. 44 He took it il], as had as ever man did; not in an open, blusterin', damn your eyes kind o' way—the way, you'll understand, men take such things in these parts—but just as if you'd bled the blood from him, or killed the heart in him. or cut him with insults to the very quick. The day onld Long refused him Letty, ho just rose from his cluiir, took down his hat. an' wi' his face like ashes walked out 'wi'ont a word, an' home. An' that night he didn't speak, nor the next day, an' hardly a word for weeks; an' when Harry comes to him wi' his hand out, an' the cheerful word on his tongne, an' him askin' for forgiveness, Ned just shivered in his boots, wheeled round, an* marched off to the fields. Nothin' 'd make him laugh. Ho avoided everyone. The only thing he'd speak to or look at was the dog. If Harry met him he'd turn bis head an' pass; if he'd speak Ned M nod an' tighten his lips. He! had his meals by himself. He went about like a ghost, his head down, his hands behind him, an' his eyes bnrnin'. . • . An', God knows, I pitied him. Ho was foolish and hard to understand, an' sure no woman ever born was worth- such sufferin'; for all that I was sorry for the boy, an* there wasn't a woman in the county but cried bitter tears for him, an' not a man but web angry with Harry in Ms heart. Bat if yo spoke to Harry, an' some of us did, too, he d only laugh at ye; an* if ye dared pity Ned he'd stareatye; an so uuuks ncui.uu. . " "Twas a great weddin'—the finest thing o* the kind I ever set eyes on. People came j from all parts to if, from Dublin, the north, sorrow knows where. There were as many carriages, with prancin* horses, an' the drivers sportin' bookays in their coats, as yon'd see at the funeral of a landlord. Out side the church, was a crowd as big as if 'twas election day. An' there was herself all muslin and flowers ; an' there was Harry in his coat tri* skirts to it; an* there were the beautiful bridesmaids, an' the ould father in his white hat, an* the friends in their Sunday best—an odious fine gatherin' entirely. But there was no Ned, not a sight of him; an' we all nudged each other at that. ' Where's Ned?' we'd say, wi* our eyes on the carriages. • * Where's Ned ?' An' the women 'd wipe their eyes an' say: ' Ah, the poor crature; the poor unfortunate crature!' An, ■ if some of as muttered a word of a curse, j may God, who knows what happened after I wards, forgive us. * "Sure it must ha' been hard on the boy; it must. To wake np an* think, * She'll be married the day'; to see Harry steppin' off in [ his grandeur an' know where he was goin'; to look at his watch an* think, 4 She's marry ing now'; to sit up yonder in his room an* I know that the knives an' forks were clatterin' in Long's parlour, an' tho corks poppin* an* everyone laughin* an' speechifyin*; to hear at last the carriage come back, an' Hatty runnin* up tho stairs an' knockin' at the door, an' then Letty the wife knoekin' an' sayin': 'Ned, Ned, won't yc speak to mo? Won't ye wish us well V nn him to sit there j an' never answer or stir; then, j in^ the end, to look out o* the window an' Bee them drivin' off to the | honeymoon—sure, aw sure, for a man like i Ned to have to pass such a day, must ha' been purgatory itself. It must. The foolish boy. An' yet, God knows, when I heard all I pitied him. Ah, I did. "Anyway, the weddin' passed, an' the honeymoon, an' then one day home come3 Letty as Mrs. Smith an' settles down as mistress in the big house. She did it well; carried the thing off, they say, as if she was English born and used all her life to grandeur; went Iaughin' and singin' about fie house, made herself agreeable to tho servants an' everyone—ay, to everyone bat Ned. No; she couldn't charm Ned, for he wouldn't come near her. If she'd slip into a room when he was there he'd walk out; if he met her outside he'd raise his hat an' pm»«? on; when meals were ready he'dstayaway; an'do what Harry might he couldn't get Ned to forgive him or make it up wi' the wife. No. It was just wi' Ned as if Letty wasn't there at all, or the brother had disgraced the n&ms; by marryin' a boggarwoman. He'd recognise her in no form or fashion. He'd have no dealin's wi' Harry more than if he'd been the common hangman. 'Twas the o' the country. 'Think o' the wasp's nest that's above in the big house,* we used to say. 'What in glory's name'll come of it all?' we'd ask. What'll Harry do? What's brewin' back there behind Ned's eyes ? How can "Letty stand such a life ?' We'd ask; and then, just like that,' and Dennis clapped his hands, ' comes word that Letty'd settled it all; just stepped up to Ned one day, put her hands on his shoulders, looked in his eyes,' said a word or two—and the thing was done.' Av, the thing was done. Ned was changed-. Him an' Lettv were friends at last. 'Tw®S curious,' said Dennis; 'mighty curious/ But sure—what's the good o' t&lkin;' V said Dennis. ' Who can understand the ways women? Who can fathom the foolishness or men? An' what's the meanin', I ask ye, </. bein' friends wi' the wife an' t'other thing wi' the husband—an' him your own brother?. Eh? Ah, it's mighty carious. . * "Anyway, after that things settled down. People turned their eyes to their own affairs, maybe 'twas time too, an' let the Smiths alone* Everything seemed goin* well at the higf house. An odd word o' scandal ye heard now an' then; but sure that's of no account in a country Bide. Ye met Harry m fair or market, an' he was much the same; maybe a* wee thing too fat, an' red in the face, an,* worried lookin* at times; but nothiu' to make ye stand stare at him. Ye had sight oj Letty drivin' to church, or the father's, an* she was just as well dressed, an' good look* in*, an* as genteel as ever. If you met Ned on the road, an* looked hard at him, aa.* passed the time o* day, you'd 6ay to yourself: * Well, good luck to ye, Ned Smith, hut it's well you'Te got over your troubles considerin' ail tne capers ye cue i* "The servants an* one another about the house gave oat that the husband an* wife were good friends enough (as good as you'd expect any man an* woman to be after a month or so}, an* Ned an' the wife on the beet o' terms; an' the brothers themselves as cfv£l in their ways as could be expected. Every thing, to all appearance, was go in' on as I smooth as milk; when, just as sudden as the I wind risin* at sunset, comes word that Ned I an* Harry had quarrelled one night, an' I fought like di vils, an' called one another all the names in the dictionary, an' smashed nearly all the chairs in the room, an* were only kept from black murder by Letty* herself. 'Ho, I ho,* says we at that; 'who says now that Ned's forgiven the brother! * 4 An* what,* says one here an' there, wi' a wink, • wis Letty doin' in the ruction ? Eh? Tell me,* they'd say, an* wink again; ' d'ye think it was about herself they'd besquabbiin'? Ehr* An' before we could scratch our ears for an answer, word comes that Ned had packed Ills trunk, shook his feet at Harry, took his ticket at Leek an' gone off to England on his travels. 4 An' a good thing too,' says some o* us; ' an' may he never.come back.' * An' whafc'd Letty do then?' says t'othcre an' grinned. 'Ah, wait an'see; wait and see.' An' we waited. 14 He was gone a year an' a while, an' | when he came back—an', God knows, I often wondered in myself what divil sent* him— things were Changed a trifle in the house above. A child had came, for oae thing. | Letty had got well used to married ways, for I another; an' as women will, had learnt 1 maybe that there's a bitter side to the skin qf I a plum. Harry, too, had settled down in his I shoes and taken to carious ways—drinlan' I more than he wanted, card playin* o' nights at the neighbours', givm' one the notion that lie was fonder o' the next man's hearthstone than his own. People said, too, that there were squabbles between them, an' bad looks, and bad temper; on' mors than one said 'twas Letty that usked Ned to come back; but of all that 1 know nothin'. All I'd swear . to is this: That when Ned did come from his travels he had plenty o' chance to cany on his divilments; an' that he took his chance; an' that before six weeks the whole country* was burzin* like a beehive, an* everywhere ye heard scandal, an' jabber, an' hints, an' the ; sorrow knows what. ' Ha' yo heard about I the Smiths V was the word every where;' about | Harry neglectin* the wife, an' Ned an' her I bein* always together, an* singin* an' laugh-' in* an' talkin' together, and him always lookin' at her, and scowlin* at Harry an*—~ 44 Ach, what's the good o* goin' through it all ?" cried Dennis, irritably. 44 ^Vho can tell the truth about things? 'Who but them-'! selves know what passed between them 3 Who knows which o* them was to blatne ? Who knows whether'twa3 the ould^grudgf? against the brother, or the new feelin's for, tho wife, that tempted Ned ? An' who bu^ the Almighty knows the whole truth o* what, passed between thera on that last night of all the night I'm now goin* to tell yo about?* No child o' man knows, anyway. It's folly^ to be gucsfcin'. If I talked all night I might just he as far from the truth as ever. It's unknowable," said Dennis, with a shake of his head ; "but it's powerful strange for all that " Harry was out, as usual," Dennis went on quickly, 1 ■* an' the two it seems were up in tho parlour singin* on' passin' the time, ; After a while, it appears, they fell quiet; then Ned's voice was heard ravin' an' radtin' in on unnatural kind o' way, an' Lett's askin' him for God's sake to be quiet, nn' for God's sake to leave her alone. But Ned, it appears, kept on ... . on' Dotty takes .tosobbin* .... all of a sudden calh :oufc: 'No, no, no, Ned; don't go, Ned; ;dont go;' an' with that the door opens, /Ned conies out, an* down tho hall, on' ont . : Through the kitchen into the yard. An' after ; him, inside a minute, comes Letty; only she ^ takes a shawl, wraps it round her head, turns through the front door, an' as fast as she could go comes straight down the hill there in front of us. '/I've often eat me down just where I'm eittin' now," Dennis went on, "an' shut my " eyes an' seen it all as plain as if Pd been j'wafcehin' it. You'll imagine a dark night, in .early spring, after a time o' heavy rains. The stream there is full to the brim, an' 'runnin' like a mill race; tho trees arc as bare us scaffold poles; the grass is short and slippery; there's a mist Jyin' all along the valley here, an' there's not a sound or a stir •more than if the world was empty. Now, jliffc your eyes an' you'll «e Letty cozcia' down the hill, wi' the shawl over her head, nn'- herpantin* an' slippin' an* all frightened like; comin* on to the plank there, crossm' it .'in hor. KmM trntMon'a TPnr an' mcmm' nn jin her- timid woman's way an* passin' on through the fields at your hack. Ye wait ^awhile, wonceiin* where she's go in', then raise your eyes again an' see Ned comin' in • iicr steps, ms race uce iqc aivns, u uim».| lantern in one hand an' a rope in the other. | .Ho comes on, an' on, an' on; crosses the plant too; acts the lantern on the bank; there, just about where you're siffin*, looks ;here an* there about him, listens for a while, 'then lights the lantern, an' quick an' sudden begins unwindin* toe coil of rope from his arm. AmItellin'itrightr" asked Dennis. J!.1 Can ye see it all ?" I "Clearly," answered I. "Bat go on, my son, go on." ""Well, sir, ho takes one cud o* the rope an* • ties it to the tree over there beyond the plank, ties it low down an' tight; then conies •this side o' the plank an' winds t'other end ♦ round the foot o that tree, pulls on it hard an'knots it—an* there's the rope stretched taut ahoat six inches from the ground, just over the end o' the plank. Can ye see it? :Xo can. Well, now,- can yo imagine the divfl's caper he's after? Eh? Ye can't ■Well, look hard at the rope,* an' then imagine yourself to be Harry comm* home in the dark, your bands in your pockets, a drop drink in your stomach, an' you catchin' yonr toe in sometoin* just as ye made to step on'the plank.. Eh? Ye understand now? It's a kind o' shivery to think of it, isn't it? Ah, my God, but it is! Han, but I've been through it often—often an' often. An' there's Ned standin' lookin' at it wi* n grin on his alvfl's face. Ah, what possessed him that night? How could he- even come to think o'such a thing. His own flesh an' blood—his own brother—his own brother Hany! Was it the old grudgo against him that had been growth' darker an' darker all . those months; or was it a sudden madness o' too brain; or did Satan tempt him; or was it all because o* Letty. the old feelm's for . her, an' the new, an' toe regard He had for her? What was it? Ah, sirs, •sirs! Who knows ? Who knows ? It's beyond mo. It's unknowable. But, no matter, now: no matter, "now; let's get it over, for God's 6ake. Sit yc back now, Fd ask ye, and d»ar tke~way for Harry. But keep your eye on Ned. took. He puts bis 'foot on toe rope an' tries it; smiles to him self; lifts too lantern an' blows it ont; then jvalks conny to the hazel clomp over there, , jonks down on' sets'himself to wait like a raider in toe corner of his web. Whisht! jYc can nearly hear him breathiu'. Ah, toe dirD, toe divil. He waits, an' waits. Ah, .toedivil! Whisht! There's a step behind Jus. Ah, Lord, Lord! . It comes nearer an' _ nearer; now it's closo to ns; now it's on the :bank; now it's at theplahk—now*—ah, Lord, Lord! There's a' stumble—a sKp—a cry— a plunge an a splash—another cry an all's over ! All's over,. sir," moaned Dennis ; . lbcn took off his hat, devoutly crossed him self, mopped his brow, and silently sat look .. iDg at the t water now babbling along so peacefully,' ' "Go on, Dennis," I said, in a little while. "Finish, my sou." i "Eh?" said he, turning. ""What'sthat? Ah, yes. I'll finish—give me breath—lfll finish. After that there: mnst ha' passed a good while before the divil over there.'stirred in the hazel dump; but at last he-.comes Eteppin' out, looks here an' there, creeps over to the bank an' stands listening on' listen in*. But he hears nothin'. Ah no. Not a whis per; not a splash. He* walks along the bank towards the bridge an' peeps-here an' iherc through the willows; then comes back liurrym*. lights the lantern again, puts it ,near the rope an' begins loosenin' the knot. Ho fumbles, for his hands are tremblin', an' the hunyin' makes him through other. Haybe he swears an oath; maybe he—: ■But whisht I Is that a foot? Ho turns his bead an' listens. Whisht! It is a foot. ; Ho twists rounchwitk his back to thelantern; someone shouts; he jumps as if a shot had hit him and there's Harry: yes, Harry himself. Wait now. Hoar me out. Fm' nearly done. : Not a word can Ned say—not one. Just like a post he stands there, not a ' inoTC in him, an' the eyes starin' in bis head. Harry walks tip to him. tV " ' Weil,' Ned,' says he, or words like that; \- 1 you'il be out later' " But Ned elands speechless. " 1 Were ye waitin* for rue, Ned?' Harry goes on, or words like that. * Someone told me yc might have sometliin'-to say to mc on my way home.* ^ "Not a word from Ned. " i What d'ye want wi' the lantern, Ned ?' ^ks Harry; an1 looks down, an' catches sight o' the rope. -He stoops an' pul's at it; then raises himself an' looks Ned in the eyes. •'Ah,*yo divil ye,''says he; 'this is what you'd be after. This is what you've been keepin' in store for .ma. Ah, my God, that it should come to this! Yon—yon ! This is what you'd been doia',' says Harry. 'This is what she to warn me about. She knew ye; she guessed-—* . Au' at the word Ned speaks. * She,' he ehouts. 'She I Who— who—who V "An' for answer Harry stands back an'hit9 Ned full in the forehead, an' stretches him along the hank there at your, feet; thpn steps across the rope, along the plank, an' away uphill home to find the wife. Bat ho didn't find her. Ah, no ; not for hours did he find her, an* then't was lyiu' in the river there with her clothes tangled in a branch. Ah, dear Lord; dear Iiord I" . Dennis rose, stretched himself, and began tapping his pipe-head on the palm of his hand. • A j "So now you'll boknowin'," he continued,; "why it comes that the houso abovo—" i I rose and took Dennis by the arm* "Easy, Dennis," said I; " easy, my son. Tell mc all. Had she been to warn Harry ?" "Ah, to be suro she had—to be sure. She must ha' suspected Ned of his devilments, maybe she knew, maybe she didn't. Wlio knows? Anyway, die did her best; ah, God help her. she did." "And Ned?" said I. "He {rot over it." answered Dennis, "in a kind of a way. He lay on his back ravin' an' jtxmpin' for weeks an' weeks; an' when the fit passed he was only a wreck—no memory an' little wits. Hay be 'twas a kind of punishment. Anyway, that was the end o* Ned. An' there's the" end of it all," said Dennis, pointing towards the house and looking round the fields ; " ruin and deso lation—rain and desolation. All, sirs, to think of it all! The fine placo it once was. An' now, an' now? "Why? to atk. Heaven above, haven't I told ye. Isn't there blood on it—an' a enrse ? Didn't Harry throw up the land before six mouths, au' take Nod off to England ? Didn't the next man keep it less than a year, an' lose half his cattle with : a murrain, an' half his crop iu a tempest? j Didn't the next man break bis neck at a fox , hunt? an' the man after him lose a child in that very river," an' havo to do his-own I labour for want of or woman to help him? An', for the rest, doesn't the ghost of Herself—God be wi' her!—go flitterin' about here at night up an1 down, np an' down. Ah, come away," cried Dennis, "come away. It makes mo sweat to think of it," 