? •rid finally beit lira oorafort s^U^JtiMloa alohg bope- 1 btnely, ind hia ^^porters p ^ f were on good terms with themselves after therace. He is only : a fact quite a' patrician. Tie displays S = "1i-Httftf^^ihe^totiaeiMtiii* ^the tit Supon family.ttodheis wonderfully ; symmetrical. Whetherlieean ttsy out • a mile SUM! a bait with 8 10 in the .saddle is a question yet to bi se:Med. . Richmond, Cerise andBI ue, Brown and Bose, Ruby, and Diffidence were all ; small, aud yet their achievements were of the highest order, of merit. Gulliver, who was a veritable Eclipse, was beaten .onoe in his career, an J then "silly by a head, aod he conceded three t stone to ihe winner. Gjlliver was galloway. Wise Step has improved a good deal since the winter, but Mr Maokay's colt should hold him safe Gosfaire, who finished a close ihird, shaped much better/than he did fortnight before. Tarquin has never scored a much easier victory than in the All-Aged Stakes- The son of Neckers*at took ' charge three furlongs from home, and, galloping in a nice easy style, ran into the straight two clear lengths in front of The Black Rock. In the run home, Lucky Dog and Mr Saunder's representative made desperate efforts to get on terms with Mr Towton's horse, but neither bad a ghost of a chance, the . son of Neckersgat eventually winning by four lengths. Lucky Dog ran unkindiy, but Tarquin won so easily that it is safe to assume that Mr * Firebrace's ' colt, in bis best humor, wou'd have had to btrike his colors to the Neckersgat re presentative. Tarquin has come back to his best. thiee-year-old four, and whatever he may do in the Perth Cup, the Railway Stakes appears to be at his mercy. The Black Rock never looked so well, and ai it is known that he ran stay out two miles, his Ptrth Cup chance is not to be discarded. He will meet Lucky Dog on 151b and Tarquin on txib better teims in the big two mile handicap. On Saturday's form he holds Lucky Dug as safe as a house. Everybody (losers and winners alike) was glad to sea Wra Carey score with Gossatre in the Christmas Handicap. Carey has experienced a 1 >og period of : ill-luck, and yet there is no trainer in 'thfe colofly who is more painstaking or knows his business better. His charges are always turned out in good condition On Saturday Oarey thought Gpssaire the best of good! things for the flying Handicap, and though he \- failed to catch the judge's eye, he ran well. In the last raoe the chestnut went out at lemuoerative odds, and he ^stalled off the challenges of Black Baolka aod Madge Gordon, and won by a neck. Th-e two Victorian j ickeys, Holmes and Meredith, were riding at Helena Vale on Saturday, Holmes steered Lucky Dog in the All-Aged Stakes and Wantagong in the Flying Stakes and Christinas Handicap. Ue is a vigorous horseman, and although he faiit d to score, he created a favorable impression. Meredith piloted Gossaire, Portford, and Sea Nymph. He handled Gossaire well, and displayed vigorous horsemanship on Sea Nymph. News from NeT Zealand says that Frailty, the dam of Trenton, Niagara, Cuirassier, Cissy, Mary, . Zalinski, Havor, Astronomer, and Lancaster, recently dropped dead twin foals to Hotchkiss. Frailty was foaled in 1877, -and has had 15 foalings, so that she is one of the most prolific mares in the stud boo'<. Something like so yars ago, Si r Beaumont Dixie was badly bitten by the munia common to plungers fcr indulging in big bete, which did not" tend to improve the state ' of his exchequer. A good story is told about the baronet and Steel, the bookmaker. Sir Beaumont was standing talking to the leviathin on Newraarket Heath one October meeting The wind was b : gh and it was raining, a,-d the - noble p 1 linger wanted to light his cigar He had only one match left. ' Bet _yon a monkey.' eaid he, 4 that f libt this ekar With this match, wfapre I stand 'Done^' replied Steel, x Without %any preparation Sir Beaumont struck the lucifer, lighted bis weed, and won his bet. - Steel ever afer that date carried , ^fusees for < the accommodation of : plungers, Lord Rossraore has received an interesting presept from jiis fatber4n-Uw, •: Mr R.-C.'Naylor. It is nothing less than the skin of the emperor of.stallion^Stockwell, whicb, «p1endidly . mounted, occupies a prominent position in billiard-rpmp of Lord Koss- . -more*s beautiful residence in County Mona^han. s t " Nfr^ Miller, who was private trainer t». Mr ICidmAn, is cow devoting himself to the veterinary profession, and : dabs himself Professor* -Wtijler. ^ natter what bis 4 Drofetisiott.^ Miller knows more about hones than many 3tfthe .totalled "n*/ f i P iSj^i^ver^eryaeund at rangement^W^e p^ramnie ntxt autumn mcfting, Ajui«mr-^'UHi^ Austtalian cracV. im isefnt No attempt. y*}U r>be made to train" him thoroughly. 'I he idea is tokeep tiira fairly it against the; opening pi next season, when an opportunity will be given'him of showing what he can do ' , The lumiDoUs -heat bath for bories. isabbotto be brought itito pracncal use in England. The treatment and i's applications!-® thna explained •The liohe.is put into as sort of bbx" which opens at either end, something like the cages in which horses arc shipped. Only his head is allowed remain outside, at one-end of the box An asbestos lined rug is drawn ovc the tcp of the box, anii, brim; s i at one end, falls on c.nii file ol the horse's neci-, and is fastened by a strap above and bt'i.w it. Thus the body is" in the box iur treatment, while he can freely breathe fresh air. The current is then turned on, and the heat and light at once become' effective. The looseness of the covering secures automatic ventilation, and thus prevents' the air from becoming saturated with moisture, and in such high, dry temperature, sweat, though abundantly.produced, is almost entirely volatilised immediately it is farmed It is claimed that the heat bath is or great use in ' training and conditioning be 