The BREAGH OF LIMERICK. A TALE OF THE WARS OF KING WIL LIAM. }. : By Robert D. Joyce, M.D. (Written expressly for the Freeman's Journal.) CHAPTER IX. Ik 'Which Shanb of the Rock Stabs a Ghost and RbDMOND TUBN8 A SoMBRSATJLT AND FALLS INTO the Arms of a Fairy Woman. In which also ? Redmond and the Professor of Legerdemain go on a Search and Meet a Roving Cava lier. Suit Gar and his men on searching the Castle found a drum, the only article of value that the despon dent Englishmen had left behind them. This noisy treasure they would scarcely have let remain there were it not that their drummer had been shot on the third day after that on which they had taken pos session of the Castle. John Merryman Dempsey happened to be with the men who 'found it. The sight of that profes sional appurtenance of a showman seemed to put new life into the body of the prof essor. He looked upon if with a pleased eye, walked around it several times examining its proportions, and then fastening it by its straps before his pigastric region beat upon it a hilarious tattoo to the infinite delight and satis faction of his companions. Its sound was welcomed from across- the river by a shout of laughter, and in a short time every man who could get leave from Redmond had crossed over to regale themselves with its music. The professor, after feasting them to their hearts' content, then placed the drum;in the midst of the Castle bawn and gathered them in a circle round it. ' Run,' he said to one of the men, ' run over to the other Castle and bring me the bundle you will find in the righthand corner of the chimney -porch where I sleep. Vade ? Quick ! Begone when I bid you, ior I want to show you all some problems in sleight ef.hand.' . The man went and soon returned with the mys terious bundle, from which the professor soon trans ferred to his pockets certain articles belonging to his science. ' Look, gentlemen,' he said, depositing a small braes cup and three light balls upon the drum-head, .''I warn you to keep your eye fixed on my motions ..that you may see this mystery of mysteries,' and 'irith that, after a few flourishes of the deft hand9 and fingers, he seemed apparently to all to place the three balls under the cup. ?? Mark me, ladies and gentlemen,' exclaimed he again, in the glory of the moment imagining that he was addressing; his usual audience, 'the smile of approval and pleasure will play upon your ambro sial lips when you see the result of this experiment. You saw me place the three balls under the cup Terra Venta: Aqua Flamma, earth and wind, water and flames, mix Verda, Begone. Now take up the cup and count the balls.' ' ' Blood-an-agers,' exclaimed the astonished 8hane and hia companions, ' where are they all ?' ♦' You have them in your hand,' said the pro fessor. ?' I ha\en't,' answered Shane, opening wide both his immense palms. ' Let me see,' said the professor, . taking one of his hands and shutting it up suddenly. ' Keep it clenched thus. Hold it towards the east. There, that will do.' 11 Now Vene, come, be quick, open your hand. There you have the balls,' and the professor, as he opened Shane's hand, took' therefrom three bright little globes of wood and held them up before the eyes of the astonished company. John. Merryraan Dempsey was also a good ven triloquist. After performing various pdroit tricks he took up the drum, and carrying it into the ruined Castle hall placed it in a lightsome corner, while he himself stood in a dark one opposite it. Suil Gar and the vest crowded into the hall after him, leaving by his directions an open space between him and the drum. 'Now. geniemen,' he said, 'the man who played upon that drum must have been shot, or he would not leeve it behind,' 'Devil a doubt of it,' Baid one of his auditoxs. ' II I owned the pretty instrument I'd rather be shot nix times a week than leave it behind me.' '?Well and good.' said the professor. 'Now tkat he's shot, where do you think his. ghost ought to be by this time ?' 'Faith, I think he ought to be pretty hot by thu,' answered another, ' for I suppose he's gone where I wish King William and all his robbers were, too.' 'To the flaming regions of Styx and Acherson,' said the professor, interrupting him. 'No, he's nearer home. Ho, jolly drummer, where are you i' ' I'm here,' answered a voice from the drum, at the Bound of which the auditors, horrified and amazed, started back, drew their daggers, and with scared brows held their bright blades aloft as if ex pecting the attack of some unseen but terrible foe. ' Dhar Dhia,' exclaimed Shane of the Rock at last, ' but it is the ghost of the first man that spoke ?o us from the castle after the Sassenache came ?y there.' J'fYes! oi ham that mon,' answered the ghost of the Yorkshire drummer ; 'but damn your eyes you wild Hoirish dog, what have you to say agaiast me!' ' I have to say,' answered Shane, advancing a pace and holding his gleaming skian forward in his hand, while at the same time the perspiration began to stream down his pale contracted brows, ' I have to say that if I had you outside on the lawn I'd plant this in your heart, dhar dhia, but I would if you were the devil himself.' ' Very well,' answered the voice, ' Oill show myself to all o' you to-night, and then Oi'H see whot you can do, damn your eyes.' ' Stop !' said the professor from his corner, as the gigantic Shane was about to answer defiantly, ' Don't aggravate him. Are you comfortable?' continued he, turning again towards the drum. ' Oi ham not,' answered the voice. 'This place is so confined that I can scarcely stir. Besides, I am burning, burning — oh,' and there seemed to proceed a sound as of struggling from the inside of the drum. 'If oi had a good stoup o' Yorkshire ale,' continued the voice after a pause of agony, ' and a round o' beef, Oi might feel comfortable, thof my moi brain is boiling in moi skull cap, and moi voitals are burning, burning — oh, may the devil reward the woild Hoirishman that sent me here.' ' It was I who sent you there,' exclaimed Shane of the Rock, running desperately towards the drum with his dagger, ' and now I'll pay you, ghost or devil, whichever you are— for your curse,' and with that he sent his weapon, with a furious lunge, through the body of the drum. A wild, demoniac shriek followed that echoed horribly through the vaulted hall, and the affrighted and superstitious auditry, at the sound, rushed pell mell through the doorway and out into the lawn. At this juncture Redmond arrived upon the spot, and laughed heartily when the professor of Leger demain told him what had occurred. The result of it all was, however, that notwithstanding the ex planations of Redmond and the professor, not a man of the garrison would sleep that night in the same room with the enchanted drum. After sending back the men that had come across the river to witness the performance of John Merry man Dempsey, Redmond, having no particular duty on hand, strolled away through the country in order to indulge alone in a few hours/ quiet contemplation on his true love, Sarah Gordon. With the light heart and elastic spirits of youth he proceeded onward, conjuring up as he went along the image of Sarah Gordon, and surrounding it with all those bright tints and lovely colours that only belong to the imaginations of the young and hope ful. The evening sun bathed the landscape in a flood of warm and dreamy radiance, the slight summer, breeze scarcely waved the golden flowers on the flat* meadow lands, the tinkling rills sang through their mossy runnels, and the birds warbled their lays from brake and wildwood tree. As leaving the river shore Redmond began un consciously to ascend a tract of country wild and uncultivated, but dotted here aud there with pic turesque clumps of birch, oak, and mountain-ash — and many a fairy hawthorn. There was no house in sight on either side of the path he was now pur suing, but as he rounded a precipitous blufi a long, sloping valley opened before him, at the upper ex tremity of which he perceived a small hamlet. To his left lay a narrow shelve of green wood be tween two shallow glens. Crossing the glen next to him he proceeded with a slow, meditative pace along the sward in the direction of the other side of the valley. Like the lovely tree that grew upon his path, one side of which Eeemed to glisten in the slanting sun light while the other rested in deep shadow, the mind of Redmond had also two aspects, one gilded over by dreams of glory and love, the other in which the image of his lost father ever sat, surrounded by shadows of woe and gloom, and beckoning to him to march on sternly for vengeance on the unknown murderer. One or the other of these aspects was alternately predominant in his mind, but now as he walked abstractedly a,cross the sloping green sward the bright one was in the ascendant; So absorbed was he in the thought that he was loved by Sarah Gor don that he never noticed himself approaching the low but abrupt edge of the other glen until his foot caught in a huge briar which lay stretched like a green serpent on the grass parallel to the edge. He stumbled forward endeavouring to recover himself, but it was too late, for after falling face forward and then performing a kind of somersault down the sloping edge he was precipitated feet downwards upon what he thought at the instant was a delight fully-inclined bank of green grass. But he was wondrously mistaken, when like a victorious bomb shell piercing the roof of some unfortunate house he shot right through the midst of that green bank and landed on his feec beneath, upon the smooth, clean floor of a little chamber. Again he stumbled and tried to recover his balance, but fell forward again towards the corner of the chamber and was there received into the em braces of its only occupant, an ancient and wrinkled crone who, if the truth must be told, had her arms stretched out, not to encircle the form of her aerial and unexpected visitant, but to protect herself from the rush he was involuntarily making against her. When both had recovered themselves the hag looked upon the loving missile before her with a pair of very searching and sinister eyes. She wore a large blueish grey mantle and was clad in the red 3tufi gown and petticoat worn by the peasant wo man of the time. She was evidently equipping herself for a jour ney, for alight ashen staff lay beside her against the wall, near which also rested a small bundle upon a low straw boss or seat. ' Welcome, Redmond of Rathkern,' said she in Irish after she had carefully examined her visitor from head to foot. ' This is a nice trick you have played me.' ' Faith, good woman,' answered Redmond laugh ing, ' it seems as if the fairies had a hand in it. If they had, they cannot be very friendly towards me, for they went near breaking my neck. But how do | you know my name ?' ' Perhaps themselves had a hand in it,' returned the old woman, ' and it is wrong to laugh at them, for they may be nearer than you think round us. But regarding your name, sure all the country knows it by this. Isn't it you that vanquished the Sassenachs in the old Castle beyond — aye, and van quished people worse than those fresh strangers at Ford Garrie.' 'Truly,' said Redmond, 'you seem to be well acquainted with my actions. May I ask who are you t' 'I'm only a poor wandering herbwoman,' an swered she, 'but the green leaf of the plant and the painted blossom and the mysterious root, they all give me power of them. Yes, the Darone Sheea are my companions. When I walk over the green hillside they play around ma, and when I wander by Lias and Forth they talk to me or play upon their sweet instruments to gladden my lonely heart, for I am always gentle with them and never ask them to go too far or do too much for me. They tell me secrets that I may lock up in my heart for ever or disclose when the hour comes.' 'Iwish,' said Redmond again, 'that I could get them to tell me a secret that I am trying to find out.' ?'Is it murder or love?' asked the fairy woman. 'It is murder,' answered Redmond, startled in spite of himself at the question of the strange old woman. ' It should be both,' exclaimed she, while her eyes peered sharply into those of Redmond. 'What!' exclaimed Redmond, ' I know my fate with regard to one, but he whose bloody hand has left me fatherless is yet unknown to me.' 'You know not,' resumed the fairywoman, ' what may happen in an hour, or rather what has happened. Branch of drooping tree,' continued she, taking up her staff and bundle and drawing her cloak over her head, ' there is woe behind you and blood before you. Too soon you will learn that love brings sorrow in his train and that the man you now vainly seek is too strong and crafty for you to cope with,' and she moved towards the door of the little hut which was built against the side of the glen. ' Stay,' said Redmond, laying his hand upon her shoulder. ' You perhaps are she whom I seek. If you are, you must and will tell me who shot my father.' 'I have nothing to say to you,' answered the old woman. 'What do I know about-yoiXr father, ex cept what you are now in your wild mood after tell ing me. Go back to your Castle,' continued she, ' and fight for King James like a man. It will give you enough to do for many a month to come,' and she drew herself away and walked out of the but. (To be continued.J 