? " (cgpybig&t.;) IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. OHAPTEB XXIV.—Continued. IV AH 9EZIEB. Barrlifteda haU-finiihtd litter from under • sheet of blotting piper. It wai »hj letter he bad been to engroued In when startled bj Bdward's Toloe. As the Utter glanced at it he raw that it wai addrciied to hie mother, and contained a lull aoooont ot the ttagie death of her eon. " Another day and you woald hare been too late to itop that," Barr Mid, in • bulky voice. " It wonld hire kUled her. Think God I *u in time." "In one bonr X can go borne with yon, if .rou can to wait. II not, yon know when ma home I*. I hare eereral letter* trom borne (or yon," Barr Mid. "Oh, I oan wait for an hour, 1 assure yon. I bare been well cebooled in waiting lately," smiled the young man. Barr, however, did not pnt bim to the ordeal ol waiting even the hour, (or in halt th»t time they were speeding in the Eeeendon train towards the former's home. " Tbey think yon are np aloft," whispered Barr, as they neared the house; 11 1 must go first and let them know the truth, or they trill perhaps object to my bringing • ghost borne with me." In a lew minutes became to the gate with Mrs. Barr at his side and beokoaed Trenoweth np. Mrs. Barr's greeting was a oordial one, for she looked upon him as ons really risen from the dead. Before he was allowed to shut himself up with his letters, bis host insisted upon bis having lunch, and, that over, he made Lastily for fais room and opsned bis budget of letters. lie took them according to the dates on the envelopes, and thus lie had a consecutive history of events in St. Columb's Cove. The letters from Ines were of an a£ectionate character, but the later dated ones were mostly written by his mother. The last one be bad to open was very voluminous, and he found that it was dated from 8t. Columb's Cove, on the 6th ol September, 1871, and from his mother. It was as follows :— ' My dearest Son,— " It is only a sense—a very strict sense •-ot my maternal duty to you which impels me to send you the information contained herein. Knowing me as you do, you can well believe me when I say that I would rather be in my grave than be tbus forced to inflict the pain which I know this will give you. " Not to keep yon in suspense, I may as well tell you at once that Inei bas proved niifaitbfnl to you (oh, that I should lire to have to eay it 1)" Trenoweth pnt down the letter at this juncture aud stared vacantly at the wall in Xiort of bim. Tue news was so sudden that it fell upon him like a thunderbolt. " Inez unfaithful I" He had never aven reckoned on the poisib'lity of suob an ending to bis love dream. The awakening was a rude one. For twenty minutes be thus sat, aud then, llowly lifting the fatal letter, be began to read again. " It is as well that yon should know the whole story that it is my painful task to tell to you, I begged Inez to doso, as it was bcr duty, but she refused. " In the beginning of June two strangers —touriBte—made their appearance at St. Columb's Cove. They were staying near Xintagal and spending the summer along the Cornish coast. On the 4th ot June our friend Edwards drove them over here and, being visitors of some distinction,hs brought tbem to onr house. On learning that-tbey ware trom Australia, I gave the beartiest welcome, for I thought I might possibly learn something of my beloved son in that far-off land. "Inez was at home, of count,and we entertained them for the greater part of the day. They said tbey were what in Australia were called 'squatters' and both Inez and mjBelf were so interested in their descriptions of the region you are now in tnat wo probably prevented tbem seeing many of the points ot interest in the neighborhood. " To remedy this, I asked them to pay another visit, and arranged to gel Pengelly to •ct bs guide for them. "They readily consented to Ibis, and three days subsequently Charles Simpson and John White—for such were the names tbey gave—again visited Si. Oolamb. " I did not notice tbst either of them paid more attention to Inez than might be expected under the circumstances; and, as their general bearing was most gentlemanly and respectful, I had no idea that anything would happen from the visits, "I might say, that on the first visit I told Charles Simpson of the intense interest I felt in Australia through my only obild being there, I further Mid that Ices wis your betrothed. " I did this so that there could fai no possible miiunderetanding; but at the time I had no idea that Inec was likely to prove fickle, "On several other occasionsthstourists paid visits to 8|. flolnmb; but, at there are •o many placet of legendary interest to be •ten, I did not attribute the slightest importance to the visits. "Onseveral occasions, 1 now recollect, Inez was away from home for two or three hours at a Ume; but, as abe was in the babit of visiting the villagers, at you know, 1 could not be expected to connect her absence with the Australian tourists.„ I afterwards leant tbat.at least twice, the went to meet Charles Simpson. "At the end ol two months I began to notice a change in the demeanor of Inez, She teemed diesatisfiea and Irritable In an . uuusnsl degree, and her absences were uoic numerous and mora prolonged than . before. . " I bore with HU1 until one day the truth most unexpectedly revealed to me by old ifeggy Penbaven, who nuned you, and who >iui loved you like a second mother. "The good soul came to me as a soil o accredited messenger of the villager! to lei mi know that all was not rigbt—Inez Jae per was almost daily in the company of one of the visitor* who bad lately driven over to St. Golnmb. "The jealous villagers bad watched the meetings, wbicb took place near the Black Bock, on the road to Tentagal. It was beyond doubt that the pair met as lovers, and the villagers, knowing that I must be igno rant of the action taken by Inca, resolved that I should know. " I can assure you, Edward, that at first I was incredulous, for I could not brinp myself to believe that the child I had reared could act so treacherously. " When the old nurse went away I sst down and pondered deeply over the eummu' nication I bad just received. " Tbe more I thought the more firmly was I convinced that it was my duty, both for your sake and tor bets, to apeak to Inee on the subject. It was six o'clock when she returned,and at the passed me logo to her room 1 thought the seemed somewhat agitated. "Whenshe returned I asked her in the kindest way where she had been. I jost went to see Mother Penbaven,' •he answered. " • Was she at home f' 1 asked. Ob, yes,' replied Inez. "Thisanswer confirmed my worst fears, for I well knew that Ines bad told me a lie. "I went to her, and, taking ber hand in mine, said; ' Do you remember, Ines, when Edward bade you his last good by 1 Do you remember promising to be faithful to bim and tbat only death would part youf' "' People, when ther are young, promise many foolish things which never come to anything,' the answered with • forced laugh. *'' People, young or old, should not break solemn vows without abundant cause,'1 said sharply. '"And have I not abundant cause f' tbe broke ont in a torrent of pusion. 'I have not beard from Edward for mors than a year; and it seems to me I will have to wait until 1 am gray haired if I wait for him to get rich and marry. But I am not going to wail. I am engaged to Charles Simpson, and arrangements are already made tor our marriage at Tintagal to-morrow.' "The suddenness of this revelation gave me a shock. I dropped her bands and wss about to turn silently away, when I remembered my duty to yon. Turning to ber, I •aid: '" Will you do your duty as tar as yon can sad tsll Edward what yon have done f It will spare me a trial.' "'Hoi' she answered, psssionately and decisively. 'I will tell bim nothing,nor bold communication with him. He treats me with neglect and 1 will return it.' " I said no more, for my heart was too full. I went to my room, and when I came down in the morning 1 found a curt note on the table from Ines, telling me that aba had lstt 8t. Columb for ever, as she was to be married tbat day and, with her husband, would immediately take her departure to Australia. "Thus without a kind farewell to myself or tbe villagers, she fled from our midst. She came amongst from wa knew not whence, and shs bas gone from us we know not wbitber. " Uy dear boy, I have now told yon all, and I pray you may be strong and not allow tbis most unfortunate event to blight your life. We are all in God's bands, and He does everything for the best, Ton always htve the blessing ot your affectionate mother, and I pray God yon will soon forget your false love and find a faithful heart to take ber place. When may I expect to ies youf I am veiy lonely now." The letter concluded here, and in his despair Trenoweth crutbed it convultlvely in hie hand. He must bave sat in the room for nearly three hours, when be wacrouied by someone knocking at tbe door. Recollecting that he was a guest, he tried to calm b's agitation, and at onoe opened the door. He was confrontsd by John Barr, who jokingly reminded him that time was flying and suggested tbat be must hare found his correspondence Interesting. In tbe dim light be did not notice the pallid face of his guest, but as he stepped into the passage tbe change in hit featurei was apparent. " What 1 Bad newt! I am sorry for tbat." Trenoweth took him by the arm and led him into the room, handing him tbe letter as he did so. Barr hastily glanced through It, and then, taking Trenoweth's hands in hit own, taids " I don't want to be severe on you, but let me say that, instead of being tbus plunged in grief, you should thank God at having escaped being linked for life to a woman euch as this. She is one not only insensible to true lore but alto to gratitude. Are you going to wreck yoor life for one to unworthy of wy Mcrifice f I will iij no more noWf but think to-night over what I have said. If you do not care to leave your room I will send yon something." Trenoweth did riot care to leave his room, and Barr left him to himtelf to fight out hit own ealvation. Even as Jacob wrestled with the angels, to also did Edward Trenowetb struggle with his passion tbat night; and, ere morning dawned, he bad obtained tbe victory. The guardian angels of good sense and fortitude came to bit> rescue, aud he regis, tered a vow that be would blot the image of Inei Jasper entirely out of his mind for ever. OHAPTEB XXV. When Trenoweth appeared in the break' fast room next morning Mr, and Mis. Bair were surprised to find tbe young man inauch good spirits. As he shook bands with Barr, he whitpered: "I have taken your advioe, my good friend." " Good I Be firm 1" replied Barr. 1 1 You will want tbe day to yourself to -answer your mother's letters and give an account of your long silence," bis host aaid to Edward as be was leaving. " And mind," be added, turning back, " the mail goes to morrow," Trenoweth was anxious to write to his motherand explain ills long silence, and he tent away an unusually long epistle, which it was fated she would never see, ' He touched lightly on the dangers he had gone through, to as not to unduly alarm the good soul at borne, lit- announced liis in tention of returning to Si. Columb'e Cove within a few months, Hisidea was that, if his mother did not .like to leave the old borne, be would remain there also; but, if she would emigrate, be intended coming back and taking np bis permanent resilience in Melbourne or some other part of Australia. The tunny southern land was beginning to charm him, in spite of the trials and dieasters he bad exj- 'ienced. The progressive character of the people end the boundless resources of tbe land con vinced bim that he would do much better in the young country than in old Cornwall The associations at St. Columb could not but be painful to bim, and his resolution was fixed to return provided bis mother was agreeable. The next morning, as he wss glancing over the daily paper before breakfast,a tele gram lrom Xiaunccaton caught bis eye wbioh made bis heart beat faster. It was a simple announcement that valu able deposits of tin ore bad been discovered in the north-west of Tssmania, not far from Emu Bay and in close proximity to Mount Uischoff. A slight description of the locality lol lowed, and as he read Trenoweth knew tbat it was tnthe vicinity of tbe place where be andbiemates had found favorableindicalione of staniferous areas after leaving the Three Hummocks Island. His resolution was Instantly taken. "Doyou know if there is a bost going to Circular Head, Emu Bay, or any of the north-west ports of Tasmania to-day1" he asked of Barr, " I will soon tell you. But wbat do you want to know for ?" replied bis host. "If there is I em going there at once. Bead this." Barr took tbe paper with some surprise and read the telegram carefully. Then be said: "I thought you bad had enough of this prospecting work for a time. - The west coast of Tasmania is not a pleasant place, though not quito so bad as central Australia. You can get plenty of water, at any rate; but tbe food is scanty, and the forest and sorub are awful." "I have been to tbis locality, as I told you, and I am sure tbat a vast deposit of tin exists there. In fact, my intention was to go to tbe plaoe in a few days and further prospect it; but you see there is no time to be lost if I want to make any thing," Edward answered. "Besides," be went on, "there is eure io be a rusb to the place, and there is little fear of anything bad happening to " Yes, I dare say you are right," returned Barr, who had been closely examining some papers. "I find tbe only boat leaving for Tasmania to-day goes to Xiaunceston; but you can join a service tbere wbicb will take you to Emu Bay, or you can get overland to BischoS. The boat sails in two hours from now, to that not a single moment is to be lost. The preparations which Trenoweth had to make were few, for Bart told him he would Bend a cable message to his agsnt in Launceston to buy the necessary outfit and also secure a berth in the coastal steamer. Bidding Mrs. Barr a hasty adieu, Edward and his friend went into tbe city, and two boui* later the former was steaming down the turbid Yarra on bis way to Launceston. Early next morning be was at the Tamar settlement; but, early as it was. Ban's local agsnt was awaiting bim. Tbe latter knew bim through his former visit, and,having heard of his reputed deatb, was a good deal surprised to see Trenoweth, for he thought Barr—which would be moat unusual with him—had made a mistake in the name he sent. I was undsr the impression," Fraser said, as he cordially greeted Trenoweth, ' tbat I would never meet you again except in the kingdom of shades. It seemed almost csrtain that you must have perished in that confounded place." " Well, here I am at any rata I and with much more experience than when I last saw you," said Edward. "Yes; I believe tbat." The boat to Emu Bay did not leave until noon. Fraser bad already engaged a passaga on it for Trenowetb, and tbe necessary articles were obtained and put on board. A* Edward was walking up the (trest in a somewhat abstracted frame of mind, he was surprised to hear a sweet voice—at least it seemed sweet to him—call: " Mr. Trenoweth." Turning, be found bimsslf confronted by Miss Byan, of Cape Barren Island. Sbe looked even more surprised than he did, as she said : I was almost doubtful tbat it cauld be you, but I was determined to make cer tain, I bave been watching you for fire minutes. Yon know, Mr. Trenowetb, we heard such—such very bad news." " I am most delighted to meet you. Miss Byan. How are your father and mother and all on tbe island f" volubly enquired Bdward,as his face lighted op with real and unfeigned pleasure. " Thoy are all well," the girl answered ; but we beard such bad tidings of yourself and party. Of course, we took a great inte rest in your expedition, and we watched the papers for information, knowing where yon intended going. Six months ago we read a dreadfnl account of what bad happened to you; but I am so glad to find that it was a mistake." " So far as I am concerned, it was a mistake ; but, I ain sorry to tell you, that I must believe my good -mates, Grey and the brothers Morton, perished in the wilderness." Neither ot them spoke for a minute or two, when Miss Byan said: " Are you going to stop here for long, Mr. Trenowetb!" " I tail in an hour for Emu Bay, and from thence I am going to Mount Bisoboff. You •ee I am still in quest of fortune." Tbe girl looked greatly dieappointed,uehe taid: "I suppose you will not be able to visit us again at tbe island t It is suoh an out ot-tha-way place." "I hope that in a few months I will bave time to see you. I will certainly lake tbe first opportunity." Beeing Fraser approaching, tbe conversation was brought to a close, and Trenoweth went down with his friend to the vessel. Boon after, the boat lifted her anchor and went down the stream, and in tbe evening Emu Bay was reached. Considering the importance of the find— or, rather, considering the importance which Edward attached to it—be was surprised to sse the little stir It made. In Launoeaton no one was apparently aware of the discovery, and even at Emu Bay the few inhabitants took very little notice if U.—Tt it Continued. XT V 17 