A SOUTH SEA TRAGEDY. ? . ? ^ ? HORRIBLE TALE OF BUTCHERY. The steamer Moresby arrived in Sydney on Tuesday morning, after a cruise through British New Guinea and New Britain. The Moresby has brought news regarding the Sea Ghost; massacre and punishment of the ringleader. The Sea Ghost, a 16 ton cutter, was re* cently chartered for. tha island trade. She was in charga of Captain Kolshorn, and the other members of her crew consisted of half a dozen natives recruited in Bismark Archi pelago. The cuttar sailed under the German tricolor, and on leaving har headquarters made for the German Solomon Islands. It was at one of these islands called Buka that the Sea Ghost made hir first call, and she had hardly reached an anchorage before there was an attack on the crew by the shore natives. The natives, as usual, put off from the shore in canoes, but in his anxiety to Keep tne vessel dear or dangerous reeta the captain had not noticed that they ivero swarming on board the cutter. Captain Kolshorn was descending the rigging when the attack was made. It was a complete surprise for him, and, being unarmed, he had no possible chance of defending himself. He fell mortally wounded on the deck, his body, so the story goes, being horribly butchered. Four of the native crew made a desperate fight, hut odds were considerably acrainst them, und they were soon overcome. The other two natives were taken prisoners, but they by some means or other managed to escape. Meanwhile the vessel had been run ashore, and having been looted of every thing of value she was subsequently de stroyed. The captain's body had been thrown overboard, and tho remains of four native Beamen were taken to the village for a cannibalistic least. The rpport reached New Britain in due course, und a punitive expedition, in charge of Judge Schneo, visited the scene, and suc ceeded in capturing the native who was a ringleader in the attack on tho nnfortunate crew of the cutter. Ho was duly tried at Herbortshohe before Judge Schnee. and con demned to bo hanged. The execution was expected to take j-kca shortly after the Moresby loft for Sydney. A man named Genet has died at Christ church (N.Z.) through eating tinned fish. The Chief Commissioner for Rtiilwa5'B says that ii has been definitely decided to convert the steam train system of Sydney into an electric system as soon as the George-sfreet line is tested. 