THE CURSE OF MUNGI. By Herbert C. Macilwaine, in Chambers' Journal. CHAPTEE II.— Continued. It was the body of a young man who wasf [uietly sleeping in the doorway of Mnngi. . The red about his neck was owing to tbe color that was stamped upon an enormous cotton handkerchief that lay loosely across hi* throat. Hannah lifted it gently ; and, letting it hang from her fingers, she looked down at the unconscious figure, that half covered, as it lay, a faint, black, ragged stain upon tbe boards beneath it.' It waB believed in this neighborhood, witb the devoutness of credulity that is lavished only upon the things that are not, tbat on certain nights between moonrise and morning the uneasy spirit of Baynton was to be seen drawing water from the creek and toiling in a cold, ineffectual fury to wip9 out that dim stain. Hannah re membered at once tbe restless ghost and the wailing cry that had come to her from this B'eeper on the blood-stained floor, and leached out trembling fingers to awake him. As the stooped the sleeper's head rolled, and again that curious sound came from between his lips. Hearing it thus at clise quarters, the girl withdrew her hand, and sitting down very softly beside the sleeping man, Bhe devoted herself to keep ing off the flies from his arms and face with the gigantic cotten handkerchief, while now and then deep, noiseless laughter welled up in her throat. It was a long-drawn ' Damn I' with a falling, mild inflection to it which entirely robbed it of all offentaveness to the girl's ears, that bad been uttered hy the sleeper, and had moved Hannah to sit down beside him with her fearB for the hideous disturb ance of his slumbers suddenly withdrawn. He was clean-shaven and short-haired, and his long, lean, shapely body and limbs wero hidden in a bulgy, unwrinkled broad checked Hansel shirt, and milk-white mole skin trousers fresh from the store. The clothing, in its extravagant newness, pro claimed aloud to Hannah precisely what it was put on to bide. She knew- tbis for a city-bred Englishman who had somehow broken down hopelessly in his first new chum endeavour to psss himself off, to himself, as tbe tried bush-hand; and it seemed possible that, from the borders of dreamland, bo was railing in a gentlemanly way at some humiliation that had befallen him. The spasms of laughter in Hannah's throat died down, giving place to a slower, deeper movement as her eyes wandered over tbe stranger's faoe and neck, so very crimson where the sun had touched them, so fine and fresh-looking elsewhere, and over his sinewy, long-fingered hands that lay at his side with their soft palms upper most, and showing a1 big blister where the bridle had chafed the left forefinger. Hav ing chased away the flies, she sank her chin in the palm of her hand tbat held the stranger's handkerchief, and with closed lips broke softly into a new and unpre meditated melody as she looked acroes the deserted paddock. She turned her head presently, so that cheek and temple was supported in her hand, to find the stranger, who had not moved, looking dreamily at her face. She returned his look without moving, during a pause that seemed to her not measurable - by tim*. ' Please go on,' he said. 'Go on where?' sho asked in her big chest-notes, and soothingly, in the manner of a nurse to a patient. 'Home1?' ' No no, no ; go on sineing.' ' But I wasn't singiug.' 'Ob, I say, I may look like a bushman' — Hannah moaned slightly — ' but if you weren't humming a sort of pot-pouiri — - though I bate the word — of Warnm — Schumann's, you know, with a dash of Chopin at hia dreamiest thrown in — may I — may I never tell the difference between mBJ -r and minor any more.' Hannah remembered the scorching1 after noon sun, and concluded it had set his mind wandering ; but bIic was a born tender ot the sick, and Bhe kept her calm ness unstirred except by pity. ' Perhaps you're right,' she said submissively. She had received the impression, nevertheless, that his remarks had been compounded of a somewhat delirious misture in which she had detected the name of a distant town ship called Taroom, a babble of foreign tongues, and a hint of cookery recipes. He drew in his straightened leg, wincing and groaning slightly as he did so, and sat up clasping hia slim fingers about hisknecp, and bringing big long, nervous, sun-branded face within a foot of her own. V Well,' he said deferentially but firmly, ' I do claim to know a little about these things ! and when I get my piano in here'— he rolled his head comprehensively backward to wards the long-forsaken rooms, find Hannah pitied him from her soul — ' I hope you'll let ma show what I do.' . To big-hearted Hannah that clioched the matter. This poor soul needed her care ; and whore that was needed she gave of it-, putting away all thought of it, full measure. 'Indeed, I will that, when the piano comes,' she said ; and with a deit move ment she put her hands about his neck and knotted the wonderful handkerchief round his throat. The young man looked down amazed at the long, cool hands at his neck, and as the girl's breath at the same time spread fresh and warm over his face, his own hands rose up as if to lay hold of hers. Before he had touched them, however, he looked into her eyes, and as he did so his fingers quietly settled themselves oat again on the floor behind him, supporting him where he sat. Hannah gently pressed the knotted hand kerchief into his place at his throat, and folding her fingers in her lap, proceeded to take pitying charge of him. 'Tell me,' she said, 'where do you come from ?' ' Dundoor,' he answered, his voice flat with wonder. She was sure now that his wits were sun muddled. ' Dear, dear,' she said, with an all- enfolding sympathy in her eyes, ' from ten miles away. Look there. And Where's your swag ?' ' My what ?' ' You're new come out, 1 can see; and you're on the wallaby, I expect. Where have you left your drum?' (a roll of blanket called a swag). He throttled a shout of delighted laughter, . and answered with deep solemnity : ' It is my first season ', you are quite right there. But I'm not after big game. As for the dram, I never rose above fiddle and piano in the executive branches of the art.' She sounded a melodious ' Ah !' above her bewilderment at his wanderings. But she persevered. ' Come,' she said, with a shade of peremptoriness, ' look at the long shadows of the timber ; it's near sundown ; I hear the Jackasses. Where are your blankets ?' She tried to gather her steady eyebrows into a frown. ' I have none,' he said abjectedly. ' As for the donkey — ' ' Maybe they're nearer than you think,' she cut in, now firmly set in her benevo lent despotism. ' And your tucker, and billy, and things ?' ' For such esoentials I have to rely for the present upon financially invoking the hospitality of Dunmoor caravansaries.' ' And 'where do you expect to camp to night?' ' The words ' My rest a log' occurred to me with peculiar force.' ' Nay.' She put an arm round his neck and patted him softly between the shoulders. He looked suddenly frail and tired, she thought, and her eyes dimmed in response to a dewiness in his. She caught one of bis hands and stood ud. ' Listen to me,' she said firmly, and shook the hand with a tender decisiveness. 'For ever and ever, if you like,' he said dreamily, leaning his hand contentedly against the doorpOBt. ? 'Do you remember bow you left Dun door?' ' Ob, perfectly. Half the town turned out to see me off — I don't know why un less it was that I tried to get up on the light-hand side of the horse, and failed signally.' 'The horse V 'Yes. A thing the color of weak treacle, the bally brute !' 'A yellow bay, maybe,' she corrected, gently ; ' and bawley, not bally.' 'Oh!' ' And where is he now ?' 'Well, judging from his pace during the last sight I had of him — he looked upside down, by the way — I should say he'B about fifty miles off, unless somebody's stopped him.' 'Fifty m ? ? Upside down?' she said1, slowly. ' Of course .that's only a rough state ment. And I was standing on my head at the time, you see.' ' He slung you 1 Where ?' ' Slung ? Oh, ay. Here at the back door. Yes. He seemed to smell some thing queer about this place ; and I got out along his neck — it was rash of me, I admit — to Bee what it was, and to reason with him, if possible, when he r— well, he seemed to dissolve from beneath me in the manner of an earthquake, and 1 — to be quite frank, after that inverted impression of him, I don't seem to remember much till — till you came.' She had knelt down beside him, u Dear, d-e-a-r,' she murmured again, and laid a hand on his knee. ' Now, why didn't you tell me that at first ? Are you burt, poor lad 1' 'I— a — didn't seem to wan i to hurry the interview. And I'm not hurt, onlv stiff. I'm sure ; yes, quite certain.' He dwelt upon the last; words, stroking his knee for emphasis. ' Well, we'll see,' she said, taking final charge of the situation. ' Dundoor's ten, and my home'? only five miles. You're coming with me.' His readiness forsook him, and he stam mered something inaudible, to which he paid no heed. 'It's likely enough,' she said, get&g; up and fixing at her hat and fe&te; fbY Che journey, 'that you've heard of me meDtfn door. Maybe you know my name f' He looked elaborately puzz'ed. '2£ja- sibly I do.' He gaz-d profoundly up at her, than brightened. ' To be suro ; it's Juuo.' She was coiling up a long, loose strand of hair that had become half-unfastened and had two hairpins between her perfect teeth. She looked down at him and shook her head. He watched her nimble fingers intently. ' Of course not. It's Diana ' ' There,' she said triumphantly, pat ting the hair into its place. ' I kDew you'd heard it. That's very near. It's Hannah.' ' To be sure, it's Hannah.' ' Now, Hannah — what ?' ' Hannah — Han-nah ' ? ' Hannah M' M( '* ? ' Of course, Hannah M'Joy.' 'No.' ' Hannah M'Peace.' 'Hannah M'Lo' ? . He coughed. ' Hannah M'Sum.' 'Or the next thing — HanDah M'Cann. You couldn't be long in Dundoor without hearing of Donald M'Cann, of Orannocb Now, we're ready. Gpme along.' She held out her hand to help him to rise. He appeared to be smitten with a sudden weariness and pain, and neglecting the hand, he dragged himself to his feet by clinging to the doorpost, groaning a little. 'The poor body,' she moaned. ' Are you that sore? Here ;' and she passed a strong, soft arm about him. ' Ob, I can bear the weight. of you,' as he leant away from her and hobbled towards the verandah-edge. ' I am only stiff from lying down. I was — ah — ! — thinking that perhaps your — your ? ' ' My what ?' ' The — owner of Crannock — might be surprised if I came — uninvited— — ' ' Is it my father ? Donald M'Cann ?' and stalwart Hannah braced her arm against the weight that suddenly descended upon it. ' Ah ! you'll have heard he's a hard man, maybe. He's no' that hard. And if he's the master of Crannocb, why, I'm — I'm Hannah M'Cann.' And jumping down herself, she fairly lifted the slim Btranger off the high verandah and set him on the ground beside her. The grey woke oat of a dose and nickered to his mistross as she camo slowly towards him, supporting the young man. 'You'll have to ride sidesaddle,' she said, with the reins looped on the grey's neck, and holding the stirrup. ' Up with you. I'll lead him.1' The stranger drew back alertly, con sidering how he had leant upon Han nah just now. ' Oh no, please. And leave you to walk ?' Hannah had already her doubtp as to what extent, if any, his intelligence was impaired by the sun; but, as nursa and doctor, Bhe felt that she was still supreme. ' Come,' she said, ' here beside ine ; ' and he went. ' Pat your hand on the mane, by mine, and face the horse. That's it. Lift your foot — no — no,' she gave her deep-bosomed laugh and showed her mag nificent teeth — ' the other one. Now, on — three — jump.' And the injured man found himself in the saddle, clutching wildly at the horns. She settled him there, and led off the obedient grey. The twilight h»d fallen suddenly bbout them, still and warm, softening the harsh ness of the arid earth and the naked stiff ness of the trfles. The young man looked amazedly round and behind him as he was led away. The empty house seemed swallowed by its own over-reaching woods, and he fixed his eyes on the girl's back as she swung vigorously along the dim road, going level with^tbe horse's head. CHAPTER III. Given a young man, mainly of yeoman Btock, portionless, and born by some freak of a meddlesome Providence to a heritage merely of bodily sloth, commercial inca pacity, and a spiritual fervour of restless ness that unite together to raise in him a curious longing called artistic ambition ; and let this vain activity pitch him head foremost into a place called London, which t\e discovers is for him, at the start of what he fatuously calls his career, a mere pande monium and place of torture. L^t him ripen there, or rot, whichever it is, for many months in a sour fourth floor attic, tasting the bitterness of solitude at broad noon amid the tumultuous throbbing of that inner chamber of the world's heart known as Fleet-street, and finding that the same thoroughfare at half-past two on a Novem ber morning, when the fog has chilled the marrow in him, and there is only one policeman in sight, is thronged with bril liant, impalpable, friendly presences — his ideas. Then let him run home, and sit above blank sheets of paper, oblivious of meal-hours, till the dim twilight closes round him. . And let him, while thus vaguely pursuing his folly, be told one day by the doctor in a dim and vast consulting room, while the ponderous furniture seems to waliz solemnly round and round him, that those wheezinga in his chest, and other mutterings of a rebellious econ omy, if left unatilled by fresh air and wholesome living, mean — the doctor forecasts the consequences as gently as may be, but with unmi3takablo clear ness. And let/ the young man go dizzily out, and home, pawing for support at mirage-like house fronts ani railings, and hungering for the unattainable in the form of sunlight clear of city smoke and a house-free horizon, and sleep like death with a passion of heart-hunger beside which the physical craving of the castaway is mere satiety. And let thereupon the fickle Providence, through its chosen instruments of death, a letter, a lawyer, and the rights of property, ones more take this man up by neck and heels and pitch him- half round the world along the road of his desires. Given all that with Hannah M'Cann — ample in ignorance, mute as the stars concerning spiritual things, with the dppths in her unstirred — by appointment of the same inscrutable Agency, to meet him, th^ heir of curse-ridden Mungi, at the end of his journey, and sing him into wakefulness with the song of her silence; and- you have, flung together from the ends of the earth, the two poles of mis understanding. You have them, too, in a setting most suitable for the working out of a very tragedy of misconception ; putting forth in the dark, on a dusty five-mile bush track, with a murder-haunted ruin at one end of it, and a Scotchman, nursing his bitter wrath against the unknown stranger, at the other. Donald M'Cann once more sat at his hot pinatable. It was dark and late, and the doora and windows gaped as before ; the night was choking hot, and the laden air thrilled to the strident chirping of a multi tude of locusts. Thoughts of the drought upon his lands; the rage that burned in him when he sought for spiritual comfort and for resignation ; fear of the big daughter that stood before him a little while ago like a mild, accusing angel ; his quenchless hatred of the possessor of God-forsaken Mungi ; and the aching hunger that all the while was in his ears, listening for the sound of the hoof- beats of his daughter's horse ; these and the like uncomfortable musing had flogged the old squatter till he sat and clutched his head, because a fear had laid hold upon him of the thingB his hands might do and the words his tongue might utter if he set them free. H« heard the steady fluppflupp of a horse's feet in the powdery earth, and ran out, securing not glarJ, somehow, that his daughter had come safe home again. Hannah, walking level with the horse's shoulder, with her hand upon his neck, was leading, or being led by, the grey, and dimly to be seen there sat a man riding woman-fashion in the woman's saddle. She stopped the horse five paces from the verandah, where M'Cann stood tilted curiously forward, with his enormous hands hanging loosbly at his sides. ' Who is this man V he said ; and at the sound of his voice Hannah went, not towards him, but nearer to the stranger. 'I — I forgot to ask his name — we — I we were talking of other things, father ; but he's a stranger, and he's hurt, and I \ brought him here for rest and food.' There 1 was a fluttering in her voice that was new to Donald M'Cann, and as he heard it the evil things that bad threatened him in the dark entered into full possessBion of him. ' Ah !' he snarled ; ' then I'll ask the gentleman that rides a-horseback while my / daughter walks to repair the omeession and tell rae what he'a called.' ' Certainly,' the stranger said coldly and quietly. ' I'll answer the remark about riding and walking when there are ' no ladies present, Mr. M'Cann. My name [s Baynfcon.' Hannah stood away a step from the . horse; M'Cann laid hold of a verandah post with both Lands on a level with bis face. The man who called himself Baynr ton looked from one to the other as if B.upefiedr ' Come away, Hannah ; come away,' M'Cann said in a dry half- whisper. ' And you— you, Baynton, accursed of God, get away from before my face leBt the Lord make me the instrument of His wrath towards you.' The harsh song of the locusts filled up the pause that fell upon the three people, not one of whom could see in the starlit, Bweltering dimness what was in the other's face. M'Cann, with his hands still clutch ing the post, glared at his enemy. Although, when it sounded alone, the continuous brassy whirring of the locusts seemed deafeniug, like the sustained clashing of cymbals, yet the cringing of the sadddle as Biynton drew himself sharply up, and even the sound of the gitf's bands as they fell limp against her skirts, struck out as clearly against the uneasy buzzing of the insects as chalk-marks on a blackboard. The kind little grey horse champed sleepily on his bit and prepared to dose pending the removal of his saddle. ' Father,' said th9 girl, ashamed, ' tho man's hurt and hungry. You'li never refu^o hita ? ' 'There's neither bite nor bed beneath my roof for the spoilers of my land and herrds.' M'Cann's assiduous study of certain por tions of the Scriptures, added to a native and cultured talent for an archaic and orthodox style of abuse of his enemies, rendered him, there could be no doubt about it, a dangerous opponent in acri monious debate. Unfortunately for him self, though, at this supreme moment, with, everything in his favor — standing armed upon his own battlements, as it were, before a helpless rival, and with a twenty years' rage biting like scalding acid on bis tongue — he was encountering, for the first time in his life, more than his match. The stranger rose joyously to the occa sion. He took off his huge brandnew sombrero with a politness which at that time and place had something tragic in it, and turning to Hannah, said very deferen tially : ' May I ask you to retire just a moment, Mies M'Cann, while I settle a little matter of business with your father before I take my leave ?' ' No, no,' she said, sobbing or laughing, it was hard to tell which ; then coming suddenly close to him, she whispered quickly up to him ! ' Do what you must, but I'll not leave you. Lad, I'm frightened for you, somehow.' Baynton nodded, and dropping his airy manner, he addressed himself clearly and cuttingly to tho squatter: ' Donald M'Cann j\ I am your neighbor. I and mine never did you ill ; I'm hungry, tjred, and sore, and I ask you for your hospitality.' I ' And I,' said the old man, with angry I hardness, ' refuse it to you and yonrs for I evermore, and' I bid you get out of my I sight. Ay, and that quicklv,' he added I ferociously, waving his arm in the direc- I tion of Mungi. I ' I'm goinp,' said tho straDger coolly, I presently. ' But I warn you, M'Cann,' I he said strrnly, ' that if you send me away I hungry, the blight th«t you — you, do you I hrar ?'' — he pointed a long finger at the old j man's chest — 'brought down upon the I house at Mungi shall descend upon your I head ; and the God that you have blasphemed against all your days shall visit you with the cruelty that you have meted out to others, and leave you at tho I last naked and alone.' j Hannah, trembling and bewildered, put ? I up her hands. M'Oann laid hold of tho I post again. This assault np^n him, with I his own wenpocs, coming swiftly out of the I heat and loneliness of the night, and while I he was already curiously wrought upon by I his solitary brooding in tho dark house, I overwhelmed him utterly. His breathing I came hard nnd sluggishly as he stared at - I the stranger. . , I ' Now,' said Baynton, q-iietly, ' am I to I go?' I 'Ay,' M'Oann answered, like ono ro* I poating a formula j ' you are to go,' ? I 'No,' Hannah said, and caught Bayn* ton's wiiat in both bands ; ' no, no !' The voices came out tenso, clear-drawn, and echolcss against the thin, distressing t am alt of the Joeusts. .M'Cann tightened his grip* on the wooden post ag be watched her and heard the break in her deep voice. ' Come he-ere, Hannah,' he Baid, bat meanleesly ; and Hannah did not move. . 'It strikes me, M'Cann,' the stranger said gently, looking into Hannah's up turned face, ' that the house of Crannooh is already ' beginning to fall about your ears. Just think for a moment. Have you a friend in the world ? No. You had 8 wife as good as gold, and you set your heel upon her heart. You have a daughter whose shoe-strings you are not fit to unloose, and she has left your home for ever, except you relent, to live in the honse called Mungi ; and the curses you laid upon that house are- coming home to roost on your own roof- tree.' He looked up. The verandah was empty, for early in this last deliberate discourse of Baynton'a, M'Cann had gone quietly on his stockinged feet inside the house. The breath hissed between his shut teeth, and his eyes even in the darkness of the house — the night, unnoticed by them all, had closed down gradually in deeper and deeper blackness — shone fall and strangeiy. M'Cann, who moved like a man walking in his sleep, took down an old, well-kept revolver from the wall and raised the ham , mar noiselessly. Then, standing well back in the room, be took a steady aim at the man up on the grey horse, as he stooped . above Hannah. To the eye of the bush man in the housp, trained to the night ? watching of cattle, the group outside was excellently clear. M'Oiun, who from 8 galloping horse could kill a scrub bull in full career, saw even a i\int but sufficing glint oast along the barrel from the new chum's white moleskins. He felt the fine Set trigger with the 'finger of a marksman. As Baynton looked up he saw nothing but empty darkn«es in the doorway ; nnri why it was that Hannah suddenly dragg'd him from the saddle and set bins on the ground, while she drew herself up to her ?'-full height, though shaking in every n-rvo, between him and the house, neithr of them to this day can tell. It was before Hannah had ur cere- moniously dragged Baynton to the ground that M'Cann, with his eye along the barrel of the revolver, heard a sound like thefall y -ing of a. grain of seed here and there on the .iron overhead, and - the noises spread quickly till the whole roof was whispering . sweetly to the fall of a steady rain. The old squatter heaved a big breath, and looked up and then about him . curiously. He brought the revolver close to bis eyes and felt it girgerly in the dark. Perceiving that the hammer was raised, he lowered it carefully ; and ss he hung the weapon up again in its place he ?r muttered to himself a warniDg, grateful, , comprehensive ' H-m — h-m.' Then he .swent ouc upon the vercndah, and crossing it, stepped down and stood with arms akimbo, looking up so that the rain fell upon his face. He wheeled suddenly on the other two, standing five paces off. 'The rain,1' he said fervently, like a man praying. ' Losh ! The r-r-ain, Hannah !' he said blithely, 'yer saddle, lass-;' and as Hannah did not move, he came .over and took off the saddle and bridle from the grey himself. The two others made room for him silently. M'Cann set down the saddle against the house and came forwardto the edge of the verandah. ' Coma ben,' he said hos pitably; 'come ben oot o' the wat.' And the two came slowly, with hanging -headp, into shelter. 'The two runs,' M'Cunn continued, ns though it was a thing he bad been insist ing upon for years, 'of Crannoch an' Mungi joined to one another will mak' the finest cattle station in the deestrict. They will that. Hannah, we might have a light, an' a bit of supper for yourself and ? — and Mr. Baynton.' When the light was brought the two men— both of whom, since the sound of the. rain had broken in upon their con versation, seemed as it dazed and drunken with fatigue — looked long at one another from beneath bent eyebrows ; then, moved by a common impulse, they shook hands without a word. M'Carin threw his open hands opart as if making1 the stranger free of his house and all that was in it, saying1, ' I'll go ro my bed; my eyos are heavy. He shuffled awny, but pulled up by the door, with his eyes upon the revolver hanging- on the wall, then moved on, shaking his head $lowly between uplifted hands, and saying devoutly to himself, ' Lorrd, Lorrd; the rain; the rr-a-in.' / ' ' ''-\ The Providence that seemed to lay the snares of misunderstanding so thick about the feet' of the man and woman who met on the blood-stained threshold of Mungi from such wide-sundered worlds of experi ence must after all have been busy with other work, to other ends. Baynton woke up from a dreamless sleep of the kind he had thought was nowhere for him on the living side of death, to fiod himself in thick darkness, but at peace, stretched on the verandah of the Crannoch homestead. The rain still sang its long hush on the iron and fell in chattering runnels from the grooves upon the ground below; and woven among the snnnds there was a woman's voice siDgirjg a lullaby. Baynton reached up and held a hand that lay on his temple. ' Have I slept long, Hannah V ' 'Not long, I think. I do not know.'' ' And have you sat there all the time — awake and singing V ! ' I have beon her?, awake, I thir k. Was I singing ?' ' Are you sorry, Hannah ! It was sud den and strange. And the weather before the rain came 1' She tugged at her hand, but he drew it down to his neck. ' Was 1 toe — too violent to your father V ' You did right. But how did you Ie«rn it all.' 'All what?' ' About his hardnese, and my mother, and — and me.' ' When I told you of.it first, you said you weren't singing to yourself, Hannah V - ' I didn't know it.' 'And you thought I was crezy. Come now.' ? Sha smuggled her arm against his neck. 'There,' he said. . ' V, was all like tne singing, all that vou told me between Mungi and here. You dilo't know.' ' And I ilidu't ask your name.' . 'But except for thar, and the othei unimportant detail that I was the heir ol Mungi you seemed to find out all the rest about me, diln't you, Hannah?' ' Ay. Id's wonderful.' 'It is. And we'll look fur more wonders likp, and find them.' The tops of the ragged trees that crowned the ridge beyond lha creek were showing black again a cool gnyness. ' What is that light?' Baynton asked. 'It is tha dawn,' said Hannah. 