Y.W.C.A. ANNUAL MEETING. The annual tea and public meetings in connection with the Young Women's Christian Association were heJd in the Victoria Hall on Thursday evening. The Hall was decorated with floral wealth, almond hiossoms and ferns predominating. Both gatherings were numerously attended, especially the public meeting. An attractive recital on the organ was given bv ilr. L. W. Yernm. Mr. \Y. Herbert Bhiiiipps presided, and was accompanied on the platform by Lady Tennyson, Mr. F. Chapple, B.A., B.Sc., President of the Y.M.C.A., Lady Way, Lady Bonython, and office-bearers of the Y.W.C.A. "Onward, Christian Soldiers," was sung by the assemblv, and after prayer by the kev. Dr. Paton, Mr. J. J. Viigo sang "Father Eternal" with much impressiveness. The Chairman said thev had met to commemorate the fifteenth anniversary, of the Association, and at the end of fifteen years they found it stronger and more active. There had been much to encourage and cheer all engaged m this good work." It showed that the institution was not the outcome of a p-agsiilg sentiment or of a transitory enthusiasm, but. a work of God, and therefore it had survived and expanded year by year. They heard a great deal of the Young Men's Christian Association, and thai organiza-iion was exerting a. powerful influence upon the world, but the \ .C.A. was, he feared, cimiparativelv little known, and not because its sphere was less important, but that, in the very nature of things, die modesty -and unobtrusiveness which they »o highly valued in the tex, kept it more in tue background. To that, rather than to a-iiv lack of responsiveness in the liberal public of South Australia, must be attributed the shortness of the list, of subscribers. Tile ideal of the Association was io assist vouug women to interpret in daily lite what was meant bj" Christianity. (Cheers.) It recognised that religion was onlv of value when it moulded the daily life and gave a high motive to evi-ry action, and it sought to awakeu a lofty conception of duty in those whose environment, had not, perhaps, been a help to thcm--posabIy tlie reverse. With that object, it had establirihed at once a club and a home, with the social life and safeguards of each. The ladies of the committee and •tlie a.l»:e Secretary, Miss Mayers, were always ready to act, the mother and the sym pathetic friend and adviser. Brightness and lun were provided in singing, music, and games; culture was -provided in elocution, a suitable library, and addresses; exercise was given in eiubswinging and musical drill; domestic training was provided in cooking, fancy work, and dressmaking; and T religious instruction in Bible classes and Gospel addresses. There w-as a registry office, to assist those who were Eeeknig to erbutin employment, and accommodation for any who w«re wanting a temporary A home. The younger frirls were not forgotten, lor there was a separate branch, called "Our Girls' Institute," to interest, train, and help the juniors. The present mut&er; at membecs .and. .a* .sociates was 170, including 16 members engaged in foreign missions. The membership of the Girls' Institute, ages twelve m eighteen, was nearly 00, and of the Ouni.j: Girls' Institute 36. Among other brancli. s of work were the systematic and periodic:; 1 visitation of city workrooms in which huudreds of girls .and women were euiployeJ. The Y.W.C.A. visitors were granted" admission during the dinner hour, and eiilior read or sang to the employes, coliec-ted and hanked their , savings, distributed pure literature among them, and encouraged them to avail themselves of the advantages ottered by the Association. (Cheers ) There was an increasingly useful employment agenev by means of which suitable situations had been procured for many gir!; and tromen. Tlie Home offered board and lodging at moderate terms to young people in business, visitors from the country, and girls awaiting situations. In addition to this it often afforded a temporal}' home to those in real need. Several such ca-jas had been helped during the present year, and within the last few weeks four homeless, respectable giris, unable to pay, had been received till able to find employment. Work undertaken by members, in addition i» that directly among young women, included flower mission and evangelist^ meetings at the Adelaide Hospital, vir-it ing at the Destitute Asylum, cottage meetings, 'and work at the City Mission and at' the Gospel services at the Theatia Royal, and they supported one of their own members as a missionary representative in the foreign field. Was it possible to conceive anything more complete, and did not such aa institution deserve the heartiest support of all who had any svmpathy in their nature? Think of the hundreds of young women who came into the city with the noble resolve to siipnort themselves or their relatives, and who thus cut themselvesc,ft' from tbe sheltering influences of home, or it might be whose homes did not gi ve the h«?ip that their higher instincts craved, and who in this busy city life, with its confinement and long hours of labour, specially needed relaxation, rest, and inspiration. They must and would have the relief, and if it was not furnished bv such an institution as this, it might be that the stress and strain and the monotony of the occupation might prove too strong for those lofty instincts which were natural to women, and they might be led into associations which could only spoil and mar the precious flowers. To women had been entrusted in an especial degree the refineof humanity; to them was given the train- . . ^ ™ ent > Punty, graciousness, sympathy, and the^ religious instincts and spiritual insight ing of the future generation. Could they Chink af any other institution in Adelaide so well designed to meet thrte varied needs of their toiling sisters as the Y.W.C.A., or so worthy of their enthusiastic support? The work was sadly impaired through lack of suitable accommodation, and in commemoration of the great services rendered by that most beloved and devoted worker, the late-.Lady Colton, it was decided to create a fund to pay for. the erection of a memorial building specially designed to meet the growing wants of the Association. Just a year ago the committee met for the first ime after Lady Colton's death, and at that meeting the proposal was made that lier memory should be perpetuated by the accomplishment of one of her dearest wishes that the Adelaide Y.W.C.A. should be established in a building of its own. The amount then to the credit of the Building und in the Savings Bank was £245 17s. 3d. Through the efforts put forth during this veay the amount had been raised to £1,138 5s. (Cheers.) Arrangements had een made for the purchase of a site in Hindmarsh-square west (near Grenfelltreet), for £1,140. and the land would ome into the possession of the Y.W.C.Ar n ten weeks from August 1. An effort was o be made to raise the £2,000 still needed or the building. It was proposed that the ew building should contain a commodious ail for concerts, social evenings, &c.;, a eading and rest room for members, and a. arge rccm for a girls' institute. It was deirable that this room should be fitted up s a gymnasium, and also that it, should ommunicate Vith a good-sized kitchen to dmit of its being used for cooking classes. t-was intended to make cooking classes nd domestic training in" all its branches a pecial feature of the work when the new; building was secured. The committee of .the "Queens Home pf Domestic Instruction" had agreed to hand over their funds for the use of the Y.W.C.A. on this condition. (Cheers.) - The building would also contain classrooms, Secretary's office, and accommodation fesr boarders. He hoped they would all interest tbemsdves warmly in the good work, and show their practical sympathy by subscribing or collecting towards the new building. (Cheers.) Mr. C. H. Goode offered Lady Tennyson a very cordial welcome on behalf of the' Association. Miss Thomas recited "The legend beautifol." and was loudly applauded. The Rev. J. G. Raws, in an inspiring address, said the Association admirably met the necessities of the hour in providing a place where girls iu lodgings could meet with other girls, and have the best form of recreation and a Christian atmosphere. Jt ought to be of great benefit to girls who had not congenial homes. Let them give the Association their full sympathy, and a home worthy of the splendid work it was doing. Miss Galbraith sang sweetly and effectively "In a chimney corner." The Bev. E. T. Cox, who is eloquent, philosophical, and humorous, delivered an address on "The Home, and the Perils which Beset it." His theme was the internal enemies which assailed the home and character. One enemy was a too low ideal of duty. "We might," he said, "get ridof a good many external things. We might throw over half our Acts of Parliament, pnd no one would ever suspect that we had had them, for the effect they had been upon our personal character." There was ] too much talk about environment, and that vas apt to lessen personal responsibility "God had given every one the duty of fighting his and her own temptations. Any one with the right conception of duty could face any number of enemies and not impair the life within. < One of the contributory | ccuses to the evils of life was that people became far too sentimental at an early age. There were certain things which were the better Tor the keeping. A peril which was, perhaps, more noticeable among the young men was that many did not come home while they could stay out. (Laughter.) The home should not be a piace for mere board and Jodgiug, but a sacred place where the highest ideals were found. While lie did not believe in a selfish isolation, he thought a great deal of amusemeut and. recreation was sought for away from the home, instead of in it. (Applause.) The ideals of marriage were too often lost sight of. . ..The Y.M.C.A. Quartette sang "God is love" with feeling and precision. Then Miss Best impressively recited "The railway signal." The Row W. G. Marsh delivered a powerful address, in which he appealed to the young women to live consecrated lives by the power of the Holy Ghost. A collection was made on behalf of Lady Colton memorial, and the singing of the doxologv closed a very enthusiastic and eventful meeting. 