WITH THE fiEEBUNGS STILL. Thei Council kept on with the sliding pro cess last night, and reached a plane from which ascent at any future time will be difficult. The determination seemed to be to arrive at a position unmistakably hostile to the Federal cause, as It' now. stands, and con temptuous of. the conventions and the con- ference by which that, position has. been reached. Was .lt' with ' a desire , to Intensify bitterness, with a; view ; to. Impugn offensively the truthfulness and the honour, of the Pre mier of Queensland, that Mr. kuter brought forward his Queensland motion? We must imagine so, "or otherwise -fall back on an as sumption of disgraceful; Ignorance. Mr. Kater either knew that 'Queensland,' by her Premier, stood pledged to . follow the lead this colony gave, and chose to -brand that pledge as unworthy of acceptance, or he spolte and: acted in such Ignorance.as to' constitute utter disability for Important legislative work. But It mattered none to lhe Council. Why not take Mr. Kater's motion? Nothing mattered much, after Mr. Ftlchei's minimum had been accepted, for that in Itself is the Insulting breach of faith which all Australia outBlde the Geebung ring regards as Intolerable. There can' be no other slightest step to-; wards progress till that minimum clause has been lopped (giff. XI was the sneaked-ln ' .stipulation which barred the will of -all the t majorities In all the colonies 'at the' last re ferendum, and It- i.a-.HL,. row W tanta- mount to a reassertion of all that lias been- most offensive in Geebung tactics. Its re appearance ought to challenge the attention of the observant and thoughtful democracy of the colony, upon whose vote In a near future the issue must mainly be. decided. Their attention, Indeed, needs to be concen trated Just now on the whole, curse, of : the Council's action, and, to some extent,, on the peculiar personalities from whom that action proceeds. They are; asked' now, and by the morning paper, which claims v'iiry : loudly to voice llielr -cause,. to place themselves under' i the leadership of the Council; .to accept the honourable members there, whom hitherto they have been taught to despise, . as - cham pions of a 'popular cause, There .are. no others whom they may trust. The Assembly could not muster a representative dozen against any clause In the Amended Bill, and of the nine, the five, and the two making up the minority lit division there certainly Is not one whom the. "Dally Telegraph" would ac cept as a leader., Utterly out of sympathy then with tile popular House Is tlie con- cluston, and forced, of necessity, to 'get to the other place, . and to find there good counsel, leadership, and command. ' It. is nothing less than these that the Democracy of . the colony is asked to take froni the Council, and. may It hot be well just now to point out a few of the difficulties to be overcome before that position can be reasonably afecepted. There Is, first, of all, the renunciation of old; democratic faith Involved In the surrender of- the Commons for, the Lords, and then, comes the stupendous task which :the understanding eafi the, faith necessary to tlie acceptance of Upper House leadership Involve. The difficulty of reconciling Dr. MacLau- rin's unification ideas with Mr. Pileher's paroJ chial Geebung attitude might be got- over: It c('uld be approaehed, at least, with respect; ana the sturdy, if narrow-minded, Antl-Fede- ' ration of such men as Mr. C. G. Heydon, Mr. Biown, and even Captain Charles, is com prehensible. But how is any.< progress pos sible when democracy brings itself face- to with those other members who, it Is always to be remembered, make up the large majority? In 'what consternation must they revolt when recognising the actualities of the tasks set them?- For they include, amongst, other things, the discovery of bowels of com passion in Dr. B.owker, yearning solejy for "the masses"; single desire on the part of .the Hon. John Macintosh, for the workers, who will suiter under the blight. of nation hood:, a lov.e that passes all understanding for the misguided workers In the mind of Mr.' Pllcher; and the Hon. John Lucas fully pre pared to say his nuno. dim! t lis when the 'liqwdies of tha't place shall present to the world a Federal bantling of their own con ception. . It is time 'that the people grasped the- true' meaning,' the real significance, the actual mo tive of It all. For in : very truth the' soul of Federation is as far apart from It as Is the spirit of a genuine philanthropy. It Is for democrats, Federalists, workers to look beneath the surface here. They may well believe that— . . " ' "Time's avenging liand,v ' Shall sweep such foes like weeds from out the land." -. They may say with full confidence that Aus tralians ten years hence, looking hack on this ghastly fin de slecle obstruction, will class it amongst the meanest manifestations with which a dying time gave up the ghost; but. If they are men, true to their order, their country, and the obligation which rests von. them now plainly as any duty of manhood,-, they will Shake away delusions, they will put from them all- Inducements of the mean thrift and contemptible .selfishness of a con- : stricted parochialism, and make haste to ac complish their own destiny, and prepare the national birthright of their children. Arid if- they . will voice such intent, theri it .needs ; must strengthen the Premier's hands in the .work which now lies before him, and in which, .while he acknowledges every ounce of consti- tutiorial obligation, he will also do .well to; rough-edge the constitutional . sword. . It will be hiB business next week to clear , the way, the;, people's way, ; the democratic way, Australia's way, and every loyal Australian will do well to Step iri close behind him;' 