(1 HAMLST' 1 By the Port Melbourne Excel sior Club The questien has lately been raised, as to whether tbe higher drama has not, practically, ceased to be acceptable to tbe common taste in this part of the world, and, for the matter of that, in most other parts of the great English- speaking realm, and, in confirmation of this assumption, it has been pointed out that, so far as the stage' m this colony at least is concernea, the actors who play, and the managers who conduct, are not comparable with those who represented tbe theatrical pro fession thirty years ago. It has followed, therefore, that the study of the poetic dramatists has come to be tbe exception and not tbe rule, and that actors meriting the title of great are, if not extinct, be coming so. Uonsequeiltiy, vmen ii, wm announced that a society, known as tbe Excelsior Club, was going to present 'Hamlet' at Port Melbourne, tbe announcement wa6 received with some measure of incredulousness. Because Port Melbourne, rightly or wrongly, has been considered the last place in the metropolitan area where the performance of such a drama was likely to be attempted. Out of Port Melbourne itself, .it is safe to say the existence of such a society was unknown, and, probably in the district itself, there are many persons who had never heard of it. It was_ very,., natucally j asked -therefore, ^o';.a^^eijM^ ;i^ra feuutUaiion— who | how has it come to pass that they have found nleasure in devoting, 'themselves to I Shakspeare, and other illustrious uramalic poets, in preference to regaling their minds upon vacuous stories and still more vacuous conversation ? Without pausing to reply to these interrogatories, it has simply to be stated that the Excelsior Club lias so devoted itself ;. that it possesses a hall, furnished with a con venient stage where plays of a high class can be produced, and that, on Tuesday night last, the tragedy of ' Hamlet ' was presented in a most creditable manner. It is the custom, as most people know, to sneer at amateur acting, and to regard amateur actors as misguided young per sons whose ambition to distinguish them selves on the boards deserve only ridicnlc. But tke performance of this sublime play on Tuesday night effectually refuted such an assumption, and if there were in the audience any who came to scoff, they remained to approve. As a matter of course, the merit of the company was not uniform, but there was such a manifest indication of careful, intelligent, painstak ing, and conscientious study, that to any unprejudiced person the feeling evoked could not have been -other than that of satisfaction tliat, amid the declared dark ness of higb dramatic decadence, there was some bright light in Port Melbourne to encourage the hope that the gloom was not universal, and need not be permanent. Taking the representatives of the characters on this occasion singly, and beginning, of course, with tbe gentleman who sustained the leading part, it is cer tain that even in the principal theatres of Melbourne, there have been Hamlets, from time to time, whose merit was not equal to that of Mr. Charles Dillon. ? He bad manifestly studied it with a reverent desire to understand its true meaning, and there were many evidences in his treat ment of it, which showed how successful he had-ifeen in his analysis. There was no attempt at tours deforce, no excess in delivery, and yet no lack of proper emphasis. It was an honest endeavour to present the character as a living thing, and not as a piece of conventional-, stage arti fice. It was a representation from'Krhich any student of Sbakspeare might; learn something, for while perfectly ji&ttaial;, it exhibited successfully; the psychic pecu larities which, as need hardly b§ said, - have made the character one of tlie.iinost interesting of psychological problems. It was not without faults, but these were few enough to be un remembered. ? The next of the company in merit was the Polonius of Mr. McGilton, who made the old courtier a scholarly gentleman and not, as is sometimes done, a foolish old buffoon. Mr. Charles Doe lacked only a little more emphasis to render Horatio a worthy ; friend of tbe Prince. The ghost of Mr. j Charles Mayne was a little too robustious j for a disembodied spirit, but was other- j wise not unworthy of commendation, j The King of Mr, Geo. O'Toole was tall ] enough to reach well nigb up to the flies, J and if his voice had been equal to hisheight, ! his regal qualifications would have been more complete. The player-king _ was well supplied with voice, but not quite so well furnished with vOGal distinctness. M'isb Maggie Garnett will play Ophelia better when- she has acquired more self possession. Miss Maiy Ryan made a handsome Queen, but she will have to rid herself of a terribly stagey voice and manner before she can fulfil other require ments. For the rest, it is only their due to credit them with excellent intentions, and if they were not all quite at their ease, probably practice will enable them selves in future to appear to better advantage. . The scenery, appointment, and dresses, were in the main meritorious, and the orchestra, if at times a little too fortissimo, was more than passably: c|pable._ Alto= gether the Port Melbourne Excelsior Club may be congratulated «n this their repre sentation of a Shakespearian play, and they will probably not belong before they essay another in the long list of the Master's works. 