HUW S1SJVT1MENT MADE A NATION. THE GREECE OF TO-DAY CREATED OF PA6T PHANTOMS. Row tbs Shades of tha Past Have Called (he Present lot* Being—Aa Unprecedented Vipariaaast-Valqaa Attempt to licjuvenata Laatuasc, The Greek nation of to-day Is a fact crv&Ud; by a tradition—an iHrgrepslve fact because it is the product of a splendid tradition, says David Turner iu The rtilladelphla 1'iesa. IL is said that when the Persian host s>ent by Xerxes to sack the Bhnne at Delphi mounted to the atuck gigantic spectres of ancient heroes rose in the little hsiid ol defenders, and the dead fought bc*ide the living to itpcl the foea of iht-ir oountry. Tbese phantom warriors still fight for Greece in all her batt les ; and it Is no exosgerai ion to say that this army of ghosts is more effective for her protection than all the costly armament that she has lm~ povcrlehod herself to maintain. It Is simple truth that here the shades of the past have called the present into being. Not that Grceoe herself Is a ghostshe Is intensely alive. But ohe affords a unique example of a nation lilted from its ft-avc by the magtc ot a sentiment alter a Reemlng death aiumb'T of many centum*. It has often appeared lha: or all r^ujor.s sentimental reasons are the strongest, but history can sc.irsrr-ly show another instance such as tliis. Nowhere else. Indeed have such conditions existed. The rase of Italy prnbably ton;e.~ nearest; yet Italy, llmvever depresred, could never be called dead ; and ltome, through all her vicisHitudus has never wholly lust her greatness or ceased to be a seat at power. But Athens bad practically become a barren site. In the earlier decades of the present century there remained only ruins and a wretched hamlet of barely throe hundred huts. For something like a thousand years Greece had been a little more than a memory, her territory almost unvisflted, her natlpna] Identity extinguished—thougti her history and literature were eageiljf studied in all the universities oc Europe. To this widespread reverence for a past which her own people had in part forgotten—for they were under the blUrht of ignorance and oppression— Bike chiefly owes her restoration to a place among the nations. In 1871 fhe revolted against Turkish tyranny. Atrocities like those recently p rpetrated in Armenia followed, and in 182S Ibrahim Pa^ha overran Peloponn"sus with an army of Egyptian slave* driven to battle under the lash. In t»e ordinary course of events, despite some gallant fighting, the rebellion would soon have beea stamped out in blood and punished by a yet more cruel bondage. But the sympathies of all Kir lope had been aroused ; the name ol the Hellas was potent throughout the civilized world. r>ca<i poets and burled orators were ple&ling; for her, and the living took up the strain ; Byion not only lifted up his voice, but laid down his life. Finally sentiment triumphed over policy. The oaine slow-moving "powers" in whose teeth she has lately cast her defiance, at last brought I heir cannon to bear In her defence and interposed to secure her independence. Never bad the shades of her heroes woo a move signal victory. Their Influence has been dominant In Greek affairs ever since. That alone has made Athens the capital of the new Hellas; apart from sentiment it is not the natural metropolis of the oountry. But the ruins which crnwo the Acropolis have raised about them a beautiful cdty which will ever be the Meoca ot students and the "Bye of Greece." Some have disputed the claim of this people to their herltasf, and deny that they are true descendants of the Greeks OC old. Of course, their blood is not pure—the blood of no nation remains unadulterated through the varied fortunes of a period of 2000 years ; but I believe that the people of Greece today are quite as truly Greek as Ihe English, for example, are Angln-Saxon. Tet. who would dare controvert the claim of the great "Anglo-Saxon race" to their boasted title ? it Is their birthright, and is not vitiated by the fact that their blood has been largely mingled with that of the Dane, the Norman, the Frenohsnan and the Celt. Neither does a considerable mixture of Albanian, Slavonian and Wallachlan stock void the birthright of the modern Greek; and if this pretension were as false as tt is just, it would still be well to countenance and encourage It •When we consider that the fervent patriotism and national pride to which tt has given rise have enabled a downtrodden race ot serfs to become a spirited, progreosive, self-respecting people, it certainly seems worthy of all recommendation. These classic ghoeta have done a noble work. Perhaps the most remarkable fact about the Greece of to-day Is the survival of its ancient language. Not tbat it la unchanged—but the wonder Is that there Is so little change—and with -eater familiarity the marvel grows, Sew words, of course, have entered, and the grammar has suffered such modifications aa ane seen in all modern tongues ; but when once you have surnounted the barrier raised by our arbitrary and artificial method of pronunciation, yon perceive that there Is quite as much Attic In t-Ve speech of Athens as Saxon in the speech of London. Hie modern Athenian can read the Iliad with much less study than the Londoner can read the Beowulf, that so-called "Anglo-Saxon epic"—and the implied comparison Is calculated to make one bow his head in sham- ; while the Athenian can read the Greek New Testament at least as rend'lv as an Englishman can read Wycl'fCe'g' translation of the same—and, again, oh! what a difference I It to true that the Greek language has suffered much less from the l"nc degradation of Its users: but In like manner English, as everybody Itnows became so Impoverished after the Norman conquest that It was scarcely more than a ploughman's dialect. TMs defect was ultimately supported bv the liberal Importation of foreign teims Tlha Greeks have Bet about the lash In a different way; they are bending all tiS'lr energies to a restoration—as complete as "existing conditions permit —of their ancient language. In fact, one of the most extraordinary experiments ever attempted Is now going on hi Greece—nothing less than the resurrection of the dead—in the matter of language. Can It succeed T So far as the writer Is aware, every such undertaking in the past has mat with failure; language, ft was found, could no more be mode to order than a tree oould be constructed by chemical process In a laboratory. But it is unsafe to predict This age Is like no other that the world has seen. New agencies are at work. The miracles of the past are the commonplaces of the present Far.t chases close on the heels of fiction, and even outstrips It. Jaded with novelties, we are forgetting how to wonder. The new nirr-ncy now at worlr 'n Greek experiment Is popular etacatloa Such an engine has never been available for such a purpose before: Tbe Government, with admirable enterprise, has filled the land with •efaaala —free schools, much like our own—end In them the youth of Greece are tAUghti as far as it is fouijd practicable, the rejuvenated language. By this mean* and by the dally press—another tttm and powerful factor—muah has already been accomplished. Whatever may M the outcome the experiment wlh ha Mtafaed «<tb th. crsalaat toUccA 