THE BETRAYAL OF JOHN POBDHAM NOW FIRST PUBLISHW By B, L. FARJEON, Author of "No. 119, Great Porter Square," "Grlf," "The March of Fate," "For the Defence," "Aaron the Jew," &c.; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XXXIV. .— PAUL GODFREY, PRIVATE DETECTIVE, CONTINUES HIS NARRATIVE. Punctually at eight o'clock the following morning Wheeler presented himself, and under the seal of secrecy' I gave him a fair inslght into the Mystery. He was greatly ex cited, and said if I succeeded In bringing the truth to light I tvas a made man. I was be ginning to think so myself, but I did not un derrate the difficulties with which I had .to contend. I seemed to he pulled In so many ways at once, and to have so many thlnas to look after, that I saw the danger of wustlng my time- upon matters of no Importance and allowing the leading strings to slip away from me. I was glad, therefore, to obtain the services of a man upon whom I could rely, find as I deemed it imperatively necessary that I should remain In London I explained to Wheeler my desire that Louis's body should be exhumed nnd identified, and asked him if he thought he could mauage it. He was con fident he could; ho had friends among the Liverpool police who would do all in their power for him; he laughed at the suggestion of the difficulties that might present them- , selves, and declared he would carry out -his mission even if he had to dig up the body himself in the dead of night. Knowing ' Wheeler. tOwbe a bit of a bulldog, nnd daring .as well as tenacious, I was more than satis fied with his assurances. \ "You will have- a surgeon with you," I said, "whose evidence will be conclusive as to the scar on the,; forehead. I understand .the bqne was penetrated. Everything must be done quickly, and above1 all the affair must be kept- out of .the- newspapers." I laid special emphasis on this, because I did not Intend that the game should be taken out of my hands. Wo settled upon an address In Liverpool to which I could write or wire any further, instructions that might be neces sary, and he went off in high spirits to catch V»e ten o'clock train. Before proceeding to my office. I paid a visit to my dram-drinking Jriend who. had been cast off by Madame Loubert. His name, which she had renounced, was Whybrow. I passed her shop on the Way, having no fenr that I would be recognised, and 'taking par ticular care not to rub my chin with the ! middle finger of my right hand. I saw. Ma dame Loubert behind the counter, and caught j a glimpse of that confounded green curtain. 1 It is curious how one thing suggests another. The moment my eyes fell upon the curtain an ' idea suggested itself which set me laughing, j find whicli proved to be perhaps tiie most im portant Btep in the elucidation of the Mys- .| tery. I will not mention It, in this place, but I determined to act upon It later on if I con sidered It advisable. Clover as Madame I Loubert was I hoped to show, that I was (me j too many for her. ' ; . Mr. Whybrow was in bed, pjntng for liquor.- I sent outofor a quartern of 'gin— that being the cheapest tipple— and under its Influence, and fortified by my saying that I thought I should be able to bring Madame. Loubert to book in his interests, he became communica tive. I learned that she had two friends who visited her from time to time, and with whom he was not allowed to strike up ail acquain tance. One. of- these was . 11 man, the other a woman. I paid close attention to his de scription of the man, whom he suspected had supplanted him in her affections. This man was tall and dark; but he had no beard or whiskers. I thought of Wheeler's words, "they may have been false," and I left Mr. Whybrow with the conviction that.it was the ; man who had followed- me from Soho. If that were so I had alarmed him by my re- ' Terence to Louis's mother, and' lie had' sig nalled to Madame Loubert to give her warn ing that I might be a spy; his beard and whiskers being false was another point in my favour. I had sufficient confidence to Intro duce myself in my own proper person to that lady and make a trifling purchase. She served me politely, but there was trouble in her face, which rather pleased roe than other wise. I was pleased, too, that she betrayed no recognition of me, and" did not connect me I with the man who had paid her a visit the , night before. Leaving her, I wefit on to John Fordham, ! who was-.stlil under remand, and likely to ' remain so for sbme time yet, for the police i had not -progressed in their inquiries, and : Fordham had made no recantation of the ac- . cusation he had brought against himself. 1 Cheering him with the news that I was ga- ; therlng valuable information, (of which I did : not give him the particulars) I obtained from him a description of Maxwell's personal ap pearance., Tali and dark, wearing neither beard nor .whiskers. .. That settled It. Max well was the man who was stationed behind the green curtain, who had shadowed me to my lodglngsk and who was so frightened by Fordham's public confession of the murder that, for his own safety's sake, he went about now in a disguise. : Good. Then on to my office, where Mrs. Barlow was waiting to supply me with a description of the birth marks of her missing son by which be could be Identified. These have al ready been recorded, and heed no further mention here. Needless to say, I did not in form Mrs. Barlow that I had already ob tained a clue to -the career of her son since she last saw or heard from him. I made short work of the business In my office, which required attention. So ab sorbed. was1 1 in this mysterious Murder Mys tery that I could not think seriously of any other subject, ' My advertisement for Philip Barlow had thus early unearthed three men of that name, whom I found in my office upon my arrival there. I confronted them with Mrs. Barlow, and they were immediately dis missed, much to their dissatisfaction. My second advertisement, inquiring for Morgan, wasdespatched to the newspaper offices, and I left with my clerk a memorandum of the age and birthday of Mrs. Barlow's son, which were to be the first questions put to ail ap plicants of either name who presented them selves. Their answers not tallying with my memorandum, they were to be sent to the rightabout. By these means a great deal of unnecessary trouble was avoided. At a quarter to twelve I sallied forth to keep my appointment with Jack, having first effected the requisite alteration in rny ap pearance. My own clerk was startled wher I emerged from my private room In the char acter of a costermonger, and was driven to say It was "the bc3t thing I had ever dur.e in the way of disguise." He was not far from the truth; I am always most successful wheiv I depict the manners of the lower class. Jack nimseiL was miien in wnen 1 sioucneu up to him and engaged him :n conversation, uml it whs not until I spoke .In iny proper voice that lie recognised mo. "Well. I'm darned!" was his admiring ex clamation. "Guv'nor. you ought to go on the stage." It was a genuine compliment, and I felt that I had achieved something great. If I don't make a fortune as a private inquiry agent I will go to the music halls and sing coster songs. "Well, Jack," said I, "do you still believe (In your ghost?" "I'll take my oath on It," he replied. Then we went boldly forth, on /the road to Finchley. First, however, in pursuance of the idea which set me laughing earlier that morning when I passed Madame Loubert's shop, I turned the donkey's head in the di rection of Soho. which was not much out of our way. I had the temerity to enter lier- shop with a couple of fine ferns, which I of fered at so low a price that she was tempted to purchase them, hut not before she had baited me down twopence a pot,-, The price I she paid was elghtpeneei A shrewd woman at a bargain, this Madame Loubert. Laughing in my sleeve I rejoined Jack, and- we pursued our journey In search of Louis's ghost. It did "not appear, and though I kept a sharp look out 1 saw nothing of Maxwell. :The only satisfaction I obtained was that the route taken . by . Jack was the same by which Wheeler had tracked, the tall dark man who had been concealed behind the green curtain in Madame Loubert's shop. I re turned home late at night, and completely tired out. A coBtcrmonger's life is not an' easy one; he truly earns bis livelihood by tho sweat of his brow. %. telegram from Wheeler Ihy on my table: 1 "All goeB well. The body will be exhumed to night." My opinion of him was justified; he was not the man. to lot the grass grow under his feet. Nothing more could be done till I received his report. On the following morn ing I received another telegram from him: "Will be with you at four this afternoon." Not a word as to the result of the examina tion; but he certainly had loBt no time. . So impatient was I as tho hour approached that I could not keep indoors, but walked up ond down the street, to hail him the moment he appeared. A few. minutes past four o'clock his cub rattled up to the door, and out he jumped. ' "I am a little behind time," he said, as ho paid the cabman, 'and I could see that he was excited: "Those confounded trains— they are always late." ' "You have news," I said. "Rather queer news," he replied. "Let 'us go In and talk."/ " ' - ' i He followed -me to my room, the door of which he locked. "Give me a bite first,"' he said, "and a drink; anil then- you shall -hear.: something startling." .' I curbed my impatience while he ate and drank. .... ' - . .. . "That has' done me good." he said: "I wun' almost famished. Before I: commence,; God« frey, I want to. ask whether you deceived tne" " ', " . : ; '"In 'what way?" . ; "In this. You told me tliat a man of the' name of Louis Fordham was murderefl, and. you described a certain mark by which liis: body could be identified." "Yes." ' "The mark was a scar on his forehead,, caused by a wound ' Inflicted .upon him (by a; gardening tool. It penetrated to the bone.j ; you said, nnd he would carry the scar to his; grave. If I misunderstand you, let me; .know." , "You did not misunderstand me. The scar- is as I described., I have evidence, that -it. turned blood-red' whenever he wna excited. I have not misled you in' the slightest par- tlcular." "1 am glad to hear it. His half-brother,' John Fordlmm, who gave himself VP for the murder " . . .. "Of which we know him to be innocent," I interrupted. "That Is not the point I am coming to,"' sold "Wheeler. "He gave himself up for mur der. and he Is positive he left the dead body of Louis in the Rye-street house when he left It on the morning of that terniflc snow storm." , \ "Ho is quite positive." . "He recognised the body as that of Louis by tho scar on the forehead?" "Quite correct." "Then all I can say 4s that there is another- mystery to be unravelled. Now for what I did. I wont down to Liverpool, determined to see this matter through, and not to waste a moment over it. I may fairly claim that not a moment has been wasted." "Undoubtedly. I could not have dofie it, more expeditiously myself." "I pass over," he continued, "the prelimi nary steps I took to effect my object; The police assisted me, and an order from a ma gistrate armed me with the necessary au thority. Accompanied by two of the force and by a surgeon who knew what he was about, the grave was dug up at eleven o'clock last eight, and the coffin taken to the surgeon's. house. There an examination of the body was made. The upper portion of the skull was perfect. Neither during the man's life time, nor after his death, had the slightest injury been inflicted on a single bone in it. "Impossible!" I cried. "Here Js the surgeon's report. It leads to but one conclusion. If such an injury as you described to me was inflicted . upon Louis Fordham, the body that w.as buried is not his, but another man's." ' I gazed at Wheeler open-mouthed. Here was another mystery, Indeed, if what he stat ed was true. "You must have dug up the wrong grave," I said, when I recovered from my astonish ment. "It occurred to me that it might be so," he said, "and I had it looked into. No- mistake has been made. The body the surgeon ex amined was that of the man who had been murdered in Rye-street. Make up your mind to that, or you will be thrown straight off the scent. The ,man we , dug up was . mur dered; his face had been smashed ,in, but as I have said, the upper part of the skull was uninjured. What do you mako-of it?". What could I.make of it except that both John Fordham and Jack were labouring un der some monstrous delusion-?'. But to .es tablish that hypothesis the conclusion must be drawn that these two men were in collus- sion, and that an impossible story had been invented for some hidden purpose. Now, ex cept during the struggle on the night of -the murder, when Jack had dashed out of the house into the arms of John Fordham, who was under the impression that a murderous attack was made upon him, the men had never met, and each declared that he had not seen the face of the other: How, then, could they have Invented such a story? I dismissed the Idea as Impossible. While I pondered over this fresh mystery Wheeler sat quietly look ing at me and fingering the surgeon's re-, port, which I had not taken from him. Pre sently I found my voice. "Were there any other marks oa the body, by which it might be identified?" "O, yes," Wheeler replied, "two. On the left side, just above the hip, is a small- growth of bone, which In lifetime might have been mistaken -for a mole; andvthe bones of the toe next to the big toe on the right foot are com pletely' bent under." ; I listened in silent amazement. These were, the markB upon the body of Philip Barlow,' alias Morgan, Here, then, was the key to'; the Mystery — here, to a certain extent, was an; explanation of the ghost of Louis that Jack; saw in Finchley, For if only one body was found in Rye Street, and only one body was! burled (of which there was proof positive), it was that of Maxwell's' associate and con federate, Morgan, and Louis Fordham must: be alive. It was not Louis's ghost that Jack; saw, it was Louis himself, and the reason why Philip Barlow -had not come forward to claim the legacy left to him by his uncle was Baus-- factorlly explained. I declare, my breath was almost taken away. 1 " nut now naa tins suustitution or homes been effected? Everything seemed to hang upon an answer to this question. It must; be answered, and answered soon, and now; without delay must I put into execution the idea that crossed my mind when I caught; sight of the green curtain on the morning Ot tilia very day. If any person could assist me that person was Madame Loubert. ' In as few words as possible I explained to Wheeler the position of affairs and my plan of action, In the carrying out of which his assistance was necessary. He followed me with lively interest, and in a few minutes we were on our way to Soho. I entered the shop aione, Wheeler keeping watch in -the street. I stood at the counter while Madame Loubert served a customer, and then she turned- to me. "What do you require, monsieur,?" . 1 "A little information, madame." "Well, monsieur?" "In private, madame," I said, 'unless you, wish all the world to know." She gathered from my tone that I had not; come as a friend, and She was instantly on! lier guard. "What is It, monsieur, that I should hot wish- all the world to know?" ; "I advise that we speak in private," I re- , nllc/1. "If I r-refuse, monsieur?" j "You will take the consequences, and wei will converse before your customers." "Ah," she said, playing a devil's tattoo on I the counter with her fingers. "If I mistake not i you were one of my. customers this morning, : monsieur.' I had the pleasure of. servlnfe, you." . - , ', "I had also the pleasure of serving .you this! morning, madame."- : "So!" , . , ' \- 1 assumed the voice of the costermonger, j and enquired if she wished to buy any more . ferns. She caught her breath, and. cried, "It was you?" , ! "It was I, madame. It waB also I, madame, ' who purchased of you last night and gave you ; a reference." "A reference, monsieur?" "A reference, madame — to Mrs. Fordham, Louis's mother, and stepmother to Johh Fordham, now In prison for murder.',' "You are clever, monsieur — very clever." I smiled. "What is your John Fordham to me? And what are you?" ; . "I have the honour , to be a detective. In; that capacity beliold ine here." I' thought' this rather dramatic and Frenchified, and I bad the pleasure of Beeing her turn white to the lips; "A- comrade is on watch outside," I continued. She slipped from the counter to the door, and peering cautiously about, saw Wheeler, who, I being by her side, gave me a nod of recognition. "Are you satisfied, madame?" I asked, when she had taken her place again behind the counter. "There" is protection for women , in this country," she said. "Are you employed by the Government?" ; "Fortunately for you I am not. You will, perhaps, understand when I say I am a pri- vate detective. If a Government official were n ,hy Place It would be with a warrant." A warrant, monsieur?" "A warrant, madame— for your arrest. Shall we converse here or In your private room?" She moved towards the green cur- , tain. "A moment," I said. "Last night, when I had the pleasure of purchasing some of your, very excellent provisions; ; and hapr pened to mention that I was recommended by Mrs. Fordham, you had a visitor in that room, who gave you a signal. Ib the gentle man there now?" VT'liere Is no. gentleman in the room," she said, throwing open the door. "How know you there was one?" , "I shall surprise you, madame, with the ex tent of my knowledge. In order that we may not be interrupted we will turn the key in the shop door." .. "You aro not afraid?" she aslted, and there was a look in her eyes resembling that of a cat who. Is about to spring. "Oh, no,, madame," I replied, following her to the inner room, "the English are not afraid of the French." "Nor the French of the English,/' she hissed. "You. are a brave nation," I said, with a polite bow,, "so are we. I. propose, in your Interests, an alliance." '.'Not in vour- own. monsieur?" ; "Not in my own, madame. I am merely an agent, and am not in any danger. You are a principal." / "A principal! What Is that?" "Your knowledge of our language, Madame Loubert,' Is almost perfect; one might take you for a native, you speak English so fluent: ly. -But at your wish I will explain what I mean by my uso of the word. It Is that of a man or a woman who, without actually com mitting a crime, alds-ln Its perpetration." |"I defy you to prove' that I knew of it," she cried. (to be continued.) ! 