8HADDECK LIGHT. BY MSS MAY AGNES Fi&W.; Uthor of The Star of De Vere,” "Wed;'Yet KoWife,- “Lord Rory.” .<A Woman* - - 'Hand*” “A Wonderful .Woman.”;"' ~ “Norlne,” &c;„ &0\. : , ' PART IL V CHAPTER XIII.—(Continued.) . : ! ■flark rnGm1S n°i'wlilskers'or beard, a heavy a!of shades his mouth! contour , ‘ ! f°nceal fine, determined obstinate IT th° Slmpely’ well-rounded is ™n ( ‘r- A ;nan whose reputation •not rSntly t0 be trined with: a man ” t,°° Qn'chly or easily accused; a w °"'s how to defend his own fionor and good name, or the mouth and him ’ t!lOSO dark> determined eyes belie Dr Yanderhoit goes, and the ser vants are examined. Have any of them ^VHran^S Orsuspici°us characters Jurk “that'the**:an(i then it comes -out TMe W e'b°y has‘ Johnny- the sta . boy, appears, looking frightened and irresolute. He stammers a gSf d“f a” GotatrhhhaS t0 S3y is not easiIy sot at’ sevenat' h°"’ever> lt amounts to this— saw ! ™ e mornin° of the death he house in tn COmi"S °Ut of the summer house in the grounds, and hurrving awav Ko' ajSnhe ST5' Did he know tlle man? Johnny does not know him, but— •otr rLcn!okene! than hef°re—he breaks askance at Colonel Ffrench. butS m! J°hnny says- ^th a Then there was a thrill, and a hard •drawn breath, and a sensation through ■S it CoTo’ 1,ke‘ And ^ the midst isf ™ ? ,Ffrench rises, as calm as he rLit*t0 be when he ’ends his men to •trmi1 °ttCSt °f the lisht but’ Perhaps a trifle^more pale. ' “The lad is quite right," he says. “I left morai^al"nOUSe ab°Ut S6Ven on that You are not obliged. Colonel Ffrench” On? the C°r°ner, nervousiv. but Colonel Ffrench goes quietly on; . “I had been here about ten the preced ing mg.it. Private business, concerning only- myself and Miss Martinez, brought rae. It was not necessary to disturb Mrs jr anshawe by- my presence, so I did not see her. I remained conversing with Miss Martinez over half an hour. Then I left It was raining heavily, and blowing a -gale; I did net care about facing the two mile walk to St. Ann’s in the teeth of the •storm, and knowing the place well, I went to the summer-house. I sat there for some hours, but the storm did not abate, and finally I fell asleep. I left as soon as I woke, about seven, and so missed the first, train to New Tnrk, which I intend ed to take.” There is silence—extremely awkward silence. Dr. Hunter, the coroner, has never felt so embarrassed and nonplussed in his life. It has an ugly look, a devil lsh ugly look, he thinks, for the colonel. What the deuce made him stav in the summer house? Confound the 'summer house, and confound Johnny’s prying oy es. He gives that youngster, a savage glance that makes hint quake. There is not much more to be'done. The WhoIe thing is hasty- and: informal, the jury: feel tiS 'uncomfortable as the coroner, and about noon a verdict in “accordance with the-facts” is returned. Mrs Fanshawe has died of heart disease,’ induced by the-shock of the robbery, committed, bv ■ or Persons unknown. ’ * The detectives- down from New '’Fork look at one another and grin. Men ex-, change looks and shrug their shoulders, coroner and jury look unspeakablv re lieved, and depart with stolid faces. Thev have done their duty, now let .the detec tives find out the robber if they can. The throng disperses, and Colonel Ffrench follows, amazingly erect and upright •cool and unflinching for a suspected ■criminal. V . That evening brings_Mr Dane Fan •shawe. pale, breathless, horror-stricken. Yera looks at him in honest surprise, as she sees the grief, the real regret in’his face, and softens to him ever so little. After all. perhaps, some men cannot help being half fool, half knave—it seems born with them—and he has reason to.be sorry for he has killed the goose that laid the golden eggs. Vera cannot refrain from telling him so. All that will not bring her back,” she says, witli a touch of scorn. “If vo’u had been, here it need never have happened. I^say it is your doing as much as the bur “But. good Heaven! Vera, how could i tell?” He is so pale, so piteous, so tremu lous, as he says it. that she relents. “1 •aid.not think—how could anyone evei think—it would .come to this?’ “She showed me your telegram!” Vera ■ exclaims, here eyes flashing. “From firsl to last, Dane Fanshawd, you have acted towards her like a brute, and, oh, my poor little X>ot, she was fond of you!” He lays his face on the mantelshell With a groan. He is actually crying tin .weak, poor creature; but it is more thar iFera, than anyone would have given hiir ■credit for. ’ ,‘‘I would-give my life, so hear me Hea\en, he says, “to bring her back.” Perhaps-at the moment he means it She. sighs drearily, and lays her tirec bead down upon the coffin. Bring, her back!” she repeats, witl •a sob; “bring her back! Oh, Dora, nr dear, my dear!” . She has not wept much, but som< subtle chord is touched every now anc •then, and a rain of tears follows Shi cries, now silently and long. “My dea Tittle love! my dear little love!” she re pealts, over and over. Never once hai one unkind or harsh word fallen fron Dora’s lips to her. Dora has loved her carecl for her, made sacrifices for her and in Dora’s dying hour,- in her despe rate death struggle, she was not then -to save, or help. ' Richard Ffrench comes, and she lift, tno streaming eyes for one moment ii appeal to his face. ”lou are all I have—do not leave me!” ^bat glance says, if he could but read it. He takes his place near her in silence, liut a silence that is full of sympathy, and that soothes her. It Is good to have trim here—it is a comfort, a protection, something to cling to her in her great and sudden shipwreck. The funeral is to be next day, and the concourse will be unprecedented. The Svhole country side means to turn out in sombre force. Friends come down from the city—no such funeral lias ever taken place in St. Ann’s. Many persons pass In and out of the room of death. Vera is there constantly worn and wan to a • degree. Once, as she sits at her dreary ■and solitary post, a" small, common looking man comes up to her, and ■makes an awkward bow. “Ask pardon, miss,” he says, in an apologetic, guarded undertone. “I’m Daggit.” tVera stares blankly. “paggit, miss," repeats the small man, In a whisper, “of the detective force— private. Employed by your sister— •partly—lately deceased. Down here on my own hook in this unpleasant busi ness. Would you mind telling me, miss, iwho that nice-looking, lady-like young -gentleman is?” ; He points straight at Dane Fanshawe. Him, miss, with the ■ wips——ask paiu* ..don, the. handkerchief—up -to'-his- face ,He’s her husband(. ,ainit he,'miss i ** “Yes,” she-’ says,! mechanically;'' ^it’' is Mr; Fanshawe.” Mr Daggit’s light eyes' seem to bore two holesthrough ,_Mr Fanshaweis’an atomy on the spot. " 1. .1J ‘frhanky,• miss.; Yes, • Y.'knoyred it -tvas, ;Not on good terms, was they, miss—him j and the deceased • party.?. . Speak - up, miSs,.-.-if. you ■ please. Eve-; tackled this job on . my own hook; and mean to see daylight.” . - • “No, not on good .terms,” answers Vera, still half-bewildered : as - to his drift. • • “Hard-up, wasn’t he, miss? Running after a,play-actor—ask pardon for nam ing. her. They’re expensive, that lot— uncommon! Deceased party—ask par don, lady—wouldn’t pay- his debts? Hem-m!” : Mr Daggit bores another hoie through Mr- Fanshawe, and passes his.hand mus ingly over his mouth. ..• . .. “Was in Philadelphia at -the : time, wasn’t he?” . ...... . “in Philadelphia.” “Only saw it in the ‘Herald’ by chanc —rpm start that, for-, a ; man!. Th Coroner’s got the:.hair?’’ he says, s abruptly, ;that Vera stares at him ono \- ‘i5'es,”. siio says., wonderingly. . The light eyes are on'iff Dane Fan' shawe’s Dundreary whiskers, as i counting every separate hair. “Hum-m!” he muses again. “An that, tall gent, with the broad shoulder and his head up, is he heir?—him, a suspect?” , “I don’t know what you. mean.’’ Ver says, shrinking from him in sudden ter ror. “I don’t know who you are.” “Ask pardon, miss, for troubling you ■Won’t ask any more questions. I’m Daggit, miss, as your sister employed to look up that precious husband of hers an& that singing hussy—ask pardon And I have iooked him up, and I mea to keep on looking him up, and see day light, if I’m shot for it!” ■ That is the' last of Mr Daggit. Vera sees him no more, and forgets him in moment. For the metallic case enclose the rosewood coffin—she is taking he last look at the dead face, her last ids of the dead lips, the last farewell of th sister she loves. This side of eternitjj they will meet no more. “Oh, my love! my love!” sh cries out, wildly, struck with sud den horror and panic. Some one comes at that frightened, helpless cry, and puts his arms about her before them all, and holds her. "Vera, my own love,” says a.voice she knows -well. “Vera, my' dear, my dear!” And she clings to him and hides her face on his shoulder, quavering all over while the coffin is screwed down, and the dead woman taken away.* In these sublimated moments we forget our selves and the world outside of us, ’ bu never for long. He lets her go, consign ing her to the care of Harriet, who look on! tearful, but approving, and goe with the rest: And Mrs Grundy does no say much—considering she has know, him so long, and been always attachet to him, and the occasion, and every thing. And he is a splendid fellow, th ladies declare, in an irrelevant burst. Ot the whole', some of them would not min • it themselves. ■' They lay Theodora Eightwood Fan shawe in the Charlton : vault, wher' John and Robert Charlton already lie and leave her. She is dead and buried The interest centres in Colonel Ffrench now. Things look badly for him—very badly. Murmurs are rising, swelling growing louder. He is the heir, th only one to benefit by her death. H was there that- night—no - one know wny, he spent-it in -the grounds, by his owjn showing. . He and Mrs Fanshawe were not good friends—it looks badly. If he was poor man he would not be let off scot free in this way; he would -not be a large with the cloud of robbery an« sudden death updn him. • The rumo grows louder and more threatening, an' reaches Charlton. It reaches Harriet and Harriet carries it to Vera_ The en wifi be that Colonel Ffrench, before a wejek, will lie in prison. Two days have passed since the fun eral ; it is the afternoon of the third. Colonel Ffrench sits in his mom alone at the St. Ann’s Hotel. No pub lie! demonstration has yet been made but no one sees the gathering storm more clearly than he. He is strongl; suspected, he cannot clear himself; be fore another day a warrant may be ou for his arrest; he may be lodged in th town gaol. The first shock is over, and he;has braced himself to face his fate— to meet the blow. What must be, must be-j—he is a fatalist, more or less—if it is written, it is written. Of course, he will do what he. can, but the prospect looks gloomy. He must resign his com mission, inform his friends, put. his af fairs in order, leave Charlton Place, in the care of the lawyers and of Vera, and fight for-what is dearer-to him than life —his honor. Will Vera believe him guilty? That thought is . the hardest to:bear of all. r. • ..... It is a gusty, overcast evening, almost the last of the month. ' A. fire bums in thfe grate, the last yellow glimmer of the frosty autumn sunshine steals in an]d lights his writing-table. He is bus. ily writing letters, making most of th dying daylight, when there is a tap a the door. : yCome in,” he says, without lookin up’. . - Some one comes in, and stands silent some of the hotel peoDle, of course. j'What is .it?” he asks, without turn ing round. There is a rustle of woman’s garments Hfe turns quickly; a long, black, veiled figure stands before him—a: ghost in crape and bombazine. But, despite the heavy crape veil, he knows her. . 1‘Vera!” he says, and rises in vast amaze. She throws back her veil and lays hold of the table, as if she needed sup port. She is paler than he has ever seen her—pale to the lips—and her eyes shrink and fall before his. “Sit down,” he says, and places a chair; “how ill you look! You are not fit to stand.” She stands, however, and makes a motion to speak. She is greatly, strongly agitated, that fte can see. Once, twice, she essays before the words will come. “I have heard—that you are—suspect ed of—of what has been done. I have come to say that—that I am sorry.” It is with the utmost difficulty she says this much. Some inward feeling moves her profoundly. But his whol face lights. “Thank Heaven!” he says; “it is like you. You do not believe it—you wil not believe it. Say that!” “I do not—I will not—I never can.” f‘Thank Heaven!” he says, deeply moved. “It is like you—it is like you. I do not care half so much now. I am innocent, Vera; need I say it? When I left you I went straight .to the sum mer-house—£ was.nearer you there than elsewhere. It was for the last time, ' and I stayed. Believe . me guiltless, ' and it will matter little who believes me guilty. Men have suffered unjustly before—I can bear it as well as they.” She makes a second effort, .greater than the first. He' wonders what it is she is going to say. “I want to tell you—I have come to tell you—that if"—a. pause—"that if the an ribundement of' our'marriage will-’lieip you; ;I Trill -announce It:" ^1—I will stay with you—I wiihhe your/wife.’* ‘ The lastvword is. a.positiye.gasp.,. ..Np words can" tell ’the effort it. costs her tb. say this.-She turns from him as she doe", say it. and /walks, suddenly .to. one. of the windows.' It is riot, alone, the offer itself, hard as it is to 1nake7-ri.tr is./the construction he may 'put upon it. .As •the sister of the' "rich'Mrs Farishawe" only a week ago, she rejected with scorn and pride the offer of being his .wife. As the impoverished sister of the. dead Mrs Fanshawe, she comes to him.— the heir—and renews the offer herself. How hard she has fbuhd. it to come—to say this—only Vera’s proud and sensitive heart can ever know. Let him mis understand if he. wili—it is all a mis-, understanding^ from first to last. ! She will make it if she dies in the effort, to say the words. , But ,he ‘does not mis understand, he is unutterably, touched— moved to the very depths of his soul. “What shall. I say?”, he answers,' brokenly. “I cannot thank you; I have no words. It is like you—I say that again—to come to me in the darkest hour of ray life, and offer me the sacri fice of yours. But I cannot accept it The name I give you must be. a clean one, the hand I offer free from all sus picion of.crime. I would, indeed, be a I dastard if I accepted'your heroism to. help myself.” T would’not/dccept it if it could help me—but it. cannot. Noth-1 ing now'but the discovery of the real criminal can do that. ’ For all the world I would not have it known that you are my wife now—the wife of a suspected thief. No, Vera, I love you with all my heart—a hundredfold better in this hour than ever before. And for that very love's sake I say no. ’. If the day eve comes when I stand clear and free, I will come to you then, and”—— But she turns from the window as hastily as she has turned to it, and pulls her veil once more over her face. "Say no more!” she exclaims. “Let me go. It is so warm here — I am faint” -— The words die away; but she rallies in a moment and pushes aside the hand he holds out. “I am better—let ■ Something in her strained, unnatural tone checks the words he would speak. He goes down with her to the door, where Johnny and the phaeton wait. He helps her in, but she seems t shrink from his touch. “Good-bye,” she says. “Drive fast,. Johnny; it is nearly dark,” “Not good-bye,” he answers, cheerily; "good, night. I will see you early to morrow. I have much to say.” “Drive fast, Johnny,’,’ is her sole re-. pJy. ... . ' " ,. ... She shivers and draws her wrap closer about her. How dark it grows, how windy it is, how deathly chill! . He stands in the doorway until, she is out of sight, then slowly and thought fully returns to his work with a new, glad hope stirring within him that all his gloomy prospects cannot darken And Vera is driven rapidly home through the gusty gloaming, and ascends to her room. How . still the | house is—how empty, how lonely!. Howj empty is the whole world! Every, one seems to have died with Dot—life has j cpme to an end. . .It is like a tomb like the vault where they have, laid her,! these echoing, unoccupied rooms. Is it a sin to wish she were dead, too? What in all the weary world is there, left ■ to live for? She is -tired out, her head aches—or is it her heart? • She feels numb and stricken, lost,-forsaken, and; full of pain. “Oh, me! oh, me!” ,she says,, pitifully, and lays her.folded arms down on the i table, and her face upon them, with a long, sobbing sigh. . -- • . •.. The .wind' cries - like a bansheer about the gables, ,thb; .trees- rattle, stripped bleak arms;. the, night.falls cold and starless. . .. • j And still Verb..lies there long-after the 1 last light has. faded, her head on her arms, as if she never, cared to lift it 