THE TREVARRONS. CHAPTER V. -. MifiB-Trevarron did. not call oh , Helen the next day. A note came from her, saying sho was suffering from a bad headache, and could not leave the house. Miss Robinson, anxious as she was to see her pupil, felt rather pleased. She did not wish Harold to see Miss Trevarron again before she left for PariB. Never doubt ing for a moment that Margaret would marry Sir Francis Down, and confident that her brother admired her too much for his own peace, she was anxious to keep them apart. She was planning a little scheme, too, the success of which depended wholly on Harold's forgetting Miss Trevarron. A young visitor had come to stay with them — a pretty, clover, Scotch girl, who was studying at the Royal Academy of Music, and was doing brilliantly there. Helen had decided that she would make tho very sort of wife Harold wanted, and lost no oppor tunity of throwing them together. Harold, as in duty bound, was vory attentive to Miss MoDiarmid ; and they soon became great friends. Miss Robinson looked on at their frank intorconrse, and hoped that all was coming right. But she dared not speak to Harold about it ; and her mother laughed at her when she said that she thought he admired MisB McDiarmid. On Christmas Eve they went out for a walk together to get some holly and ivy. Miss Robinson's ankle was still weak, and she sat down on a fallen tree by the road Bido while the others went on a little way. Presently she saw Miss Treva.rron's pony car riage coming toward' her. Miss Trevarron was driving and she was alone. 'She stopped at once wnen sno saw neien. ' I have been wanting to see you so much,' she said. ' But my head has been so bad. I could have learned no German, I am afraid.' ' You are looking vory pale still.' ' I am much better. I am going to meet my father.** Shall I drive you into Cramp ton ?' ' No ; I am waiting for Harold and Miss McDiarmid. Did you meet them?' ' Yes, some distance back ; they were busy getting holly. It made mo realize that Christmas was near. Is that young .lady staying with you ?' 'Yes; she is 'very agreeable nnd very clever too. 'I am hoping Harold will fall in lovo with her. She would bo such a dear little wife for' him !' ' You terrible matchmaker ! But she is very pretty. : and I thought Mr. Robinson looked as if ho thought so too. I must go on or I Hhall miss the train. A merry Christmas, Robin !' Miss Trevnrron drove off. When she reached tho station sho did not leave her ponies but waited outside. She was trembling so th»t she could scarcely hold tho reins, and felt sure that she could not stand. Sho was afraid' of hor father. Ho had always been vory cold and stern to her, and ho had boen tho only person who had over been very angry with hor. Hor aunt had Bcoldcd her, and said bitter things to her ; but they had none of them sunk very deep. But her father's fits of passion wero something terrible to witness ; and Margaret had twice in her life boon the . object of his rage. . The memory made her' heart sick within hor ns she waited. Tho temptation came to her with new strongth to choose what was pleasant and ensy, and ploaso her fathor by consenting to Iub wishes. Ho would bo so dolightod, so good and kind to hor ; nnd Margaret longed passionately for kindness. Sho saw tho train enter tho station, and tried to summon all hor courngo ; but her face was deathly pale whon hor father_camo out to tho station and approaohod her.' Ho took hor hand and kissed her. The striking HkonesB botwoon father nnd daughter could bo easily seen as he stood by tho carriage. Ho sprang in and took tho reins from hor hand. . ' Put your little fingers in your coat, Maggie ; thoy are frozen,' They drove off at a rattling paco up tho bleak hill-sido toward Trovarron. ' And how is Aunt Mamwanng r ' Just as usual, papa.' 11 And Trimmors — poor Trimmers ? Aud poor Maggie,: too ? Novor mind, littlo woman, w» must talco Aunt Mainwaring to Paris for a wook or two, to ploaso Mrs. Gruhdy, you know ; but, aftor that, you noodhnvo no -more of hor society than you wibIi for. It doesn't act like a tonio j ono can soo that. What pale chocks you have, my littlo girl !' ' I have not been well latoly,' ' No wondor, in this hole ! It's apity ouo is troubled with ancostora ; it limits one's choice of residence so it ono does one's duty to ono's family. But I am going to loavo that to yon, now, Maggio. I am going to renlly enjoy my lifo for tho first time. How good it is to havo a doar littlo daughtor to tako ono's caros off ono's shoulders 1' ' I want to do my duty, papa,' said Mar garot, looking at tho ponios toBsiug hoads. ' That's my littlo girl I By jovo, Margwrot,. what a beauty you aro !' — turning on his. soiit to look at hor. 'Palo ohookn bocomo you. You havo improved wonderfully. You must mako up your mind to an oxciting tirao in Parjs, Sir Francis will lmvo to koop a Bhnrp look-out on his. proporty.' '' If you mean mo, I am not his proporty ! said Margaret, indignantly. ?' Aren't you'P Wall, you must soltlo that with him. A man gonorally thinks his wifo hit) most precious possession. Oomo, now, Margaret' — sooing bIio was about to spoak — ' I am tirod, ond I havo had much to harass mo to-day ; so, if you havo any heroics ready, plcaso postpone thoini I want my dinner in poaoo. Havq you Boon much of the Mnllosons inlolyP' And he talked of indifierent topics until they reached the hall ; but there was a dark look on his face, as he helped Margaret out, that made his daughter shrink from him. He was very gay at dinner, however ; told them many stories of life in Paris . that were at once innocent and amusing ; and Margaret grew more at ease. When dessert was laid on the table, he ponred her out a glass of wine, I'pminding her of how she had always come down to dessert when a child in the nnrsery and school-room, and had sat by his side and ho had poured out her wine. ' Here is your glass of wine, then, Maggie % the same wine you used to have. Now drink it up, my little girl, and run away. I want to talk to your Aunt Mainwaring.' Margarot drank a little of the wine, then put her glass back on the table. Her father's words had brought back the memories of her childhood when her mother sat where Miss Mainwaring sat now, and life was very sweet. Her dark eyes were full of tears as she rose to go. Her father opened the door for her. He stopped her as she passed him, and laid his hand on her head. ' You are going to be a good daughter to me, Maggie, aren't you ?' he asked* ' I will do what I can, papa,' she answered. ' You can do everything, my dear.' Ho closed tho door, and Margaret went up to her own room. Sho threw on her cloak and went out on to the gravelled walk before tho house. It was a calm, clear night, and the sky was bright with stars. She walked up and down, trying to get strength to carry out ner aetermination. The choice was made at last. Margaret's love had saved her ; it made her see for the first time quite clearly what sort of tiling she was about to do. But it had done more for her ; it had softened and deepened her whole nature, and, strauge to say, it had made it more difficult for her to opposo her father. Before, the temptation had been a selfish one — tho riches, tho position she would have as Lady Down. Now she almost felt as if she ought to do what her father wished so much out of Ipity for him. Bad as he was, he was her father. Ought sho not to sacrifice herself for him ? And it made this temptation more subtle that her love was not returned. Sho had given it unasked, and precious as it was, it mnst bo hidden away in her life from all knowledge but hor own. A picture of the littlo drawing-room at tho Robinsons' — tho pretty girl she had seen with Harold that afternoon sitting on tho sofa, and Harold standing on the hearth-rag looking down at hor and talking to her, so bright, bo home like a* scene, and she shut out from it all. Margaret felt that sho could not stay on that secluded path ; the sight of tho sea would perhaps ease her aching heart. Sho opened the littlo gate in tho firs and walked out on to the cliff, followed by her faithful collie, Rover, There sho stood listening to the low beat of tho surf on tho rock3 far bolow. Hero and there on tho water tho light of a few ships glimmered. It was vory still, and tho girl felt lonely. Sho thought of Harold, of his strong, calm face, of his grave, steadfast oyos. No one could feel lonely with him near, and she longed for his presence. She clasped her hands over hor heart tb. still its beating, and, with his name on her hps? sho turned and saw him standing a fow&pacos;* from her. Dark ns it was, she kriewV'minf but she made no movement. Sho stood -staT for ono wild moment, thinking that this was a vision her thoughts had called up. But ho came close to her nnd spoke: 'I was not sure it was you until you turned. I thought it must be whon Rover ran up to mo ; but I was not suro.' 'You startled mo,' she said, still trembling. 'J I ought to havo spoken to you. But I ' could not believe it was you; I never dreamed of seoing you hero.' „ '.'Of course not. Why should you? And I jonght to go back.' ' ' You aro shivering !' ho said, anxiously, drawing hor cloak around hor. Ho noticed that she wore hor white dinner dross, and had only a silk handkerchief tied over hor dark hair. ''' It is not with cold,' sho answered. 'It is not at all cold — it is like May, Tho fact is, Mr. Robinson, I thought you woro a ghost.' 'I feel I ought to. explain my presonco hero,' ho said. ' But I could not resist tho tomptation of getting up on tho cliffs to- night. I know of old how beautiful it is. Just look at those distant lights. Is it not boautiful ?' ' Aro you alono?' ' Quito alono. You do not think Noll~ would caro for such a walk ?' ' It is vory strange to soo you horo,' said Margaret, trying to regain hor composure. ' I havo como out horo vory ofton, and I novor saw any ono before.' 'Howl havo frightened you! I wish I had gone away before you had soon mo. You stood so still there! I have boon watching you, wondering whon you would turn round. ' I could havo gone away quito easily, and you would novor have known I was near.' '' I am glad you did not,' answered Mar garot — 'it would havo boon vory uufriondly.' ' I could not go without knowing whether it was you or not. But shall I go now ? Would you rather bo alono ? Toll mo to go.' ' Stay a moment — I must go m almost directly ; but I want to speak to you.' Ho was standing oloso to her ;. ho couldk hoar hor breath coming and going, and soe tho hoaviug of hor breast. Ho looked doAvn at hor ; ho could boo tho dark light of hor oyeB as thoy gazod over- tho sea. Sho was silent for a ' moment, and tho solemn boat of.;tho waves sounded far bolow, It was a mpinbnt each oE them romomborod all thoir aftor livos.. Novor did oithor of thorn stand bosido the soashoro and, hoar tho wash of tho wavoB without tho thought of that night whon thoy stood together on tho cliffs in tho wintor star light. Harold spoko first. ' Toll mo,' ho said, ' aro you going to marry Sir Francis Down]?' Sho did not hesitate. Sho turned to him. ' ' No, I nm not.' Sho saw him start j sho folt rathor than saw tho flush that passoil over his face. ' Ts that your final decision i' Aro you quito suro ? Aro you counting tho oosfc ? I know whut you aro giving np, you boo. I know that you aro choosing a lifo of hard work and poor living.' ' Do you think I caro so much for riches ,P I do caro for disoboying my fathor. But! cannot do this for him, Ho bus no right to ask it,' ' Ho' has not, indood,' 'I will toll you,' sho said. 'I. did care a groat doal for money— -wo hnvo always wuntod it j but I soo thoro nro buttor thtugs to live for. It is better to bo poor, and work hard, and bo true, than to bo rich ahd false.' ' Your father will bo vory angry with you.' ' I am Bitro ho will bo. 1 cannot holp it.' ' And your aunt, bIio will bo angry too.' ' Naturally. I must bear it as best I can.' ' And you are willing to- come down among us workers ? It is not an easy life, remember. It is hard and unlovely, a good deal of it.' ' I know. Why do you think me so weak ? I am not weak ;' I am not, indeed !TI ' But I see the hardships more clearly than you do. The Iffe that I must live, for instance, is a rough ono compared with what you have known. I shall never be able to live in a fine house or keep many servants. Could you be content with snch a life as that?' ' I am going to be a teacher,' sho replied ; ' that will be hard enough. But servants-and fine houses are not necessary to my happiness, though you seem to think so.' ' Would you marry a man who could not give them to you ?' The tears rushed to her eyes. She turned from him and walked a few steps towards the gate. But a voice stopped her. ''Margaret !' She turned, and in a moment he was at he? side. ' My darling, would you marry me ?' He bent toward hor, and took her hands. ' Tell me. Will you marry mo ? WiTl you bo my wite?' She looked at him-,, her eyes shining with tears. ' You- told me you did not love me,' sho said, in a low voice. 'I thought you were engaged to be married. I tried to believe that I did not love you. But I loved you from the first moment we met I love you so dearly that I believe you must love me. Tell me that you do !' But he did not need to hear her whispered words to know that sho loved him. He knew it when he looked into her face as he drew it down upon his breast. 'My darling!' he whispered, as he held her fast with his strong arm, and softly brushed the dark hair from her brow. ' My own Margaret, I never hoped to win you ! I can hardly believe that you will not suddenly vanish, and I shall find it a^ vision of tho night ! I was thinking of you as I came across the cliffs — when do 1 not think of'you ? — and suddenly I saw you.' ' I was feeling so lonely,- so afraid ; I thought I should never soe you again.' 'You are not afraid now ?' ' No, I am not afraid. Yon will speak to papa soon, won't' youP Let it bo vory soon.' ' I will seo him to-morrow afternoon if he will let me. Don't bo troubled, darling. He will bo angry, of course — how could he holp it? But if you are true to me, that is all I care for. He cannot part us ; you are of age, I know,' ' I was'. twenty-one last August. ? ' All you havo to do is to bo brave for a littlo time, my dai'linjj, He must let you havo your own way, and you do not deserve 'his anger. Ho has no right to claim obedience, ou such a point as your marriage;' ' You will come to-morrow, afternoon ?' 'Yes. I must take yon back now. Just como to the cliff ono moment and ; let 'us look, at the sea again. I think it was what tile sea said that made me dfn'ing enough to tell you that I loved you.'. , . :-? ''What did the sea say ?' sho asked. ' That yon Joved mo.' 'th'ey'st6odafc'tu'o'6dgb of the 'clifF and heard' the low beat of tho wave on the rocks. ' Yes, and now I know it is true,' he an swered, as he bout and kissed .her. Then ho took her hor back to the gato, aud Margaret hastened in. No one had' missed her. Tho window of tho school room was still open, and tho firo was smouldering' low. She sat down- on tho hearth rug-, and' laid hor head on Rovor's back. '? Oh, Rovor,' sho whisperped, ' I am so happy ! I was so miserable whon I went out, and now I am bo happy ?' (To be continued'.) 