SKKTC1ÍER. ON THE TRAXL OF A GHOST. There has been published thia week a book ander the title oi ' The Alleged Haunting of B-House,' which should oause no Utile stir in psyohioal and spiritualist oirclee. lt is edited by the Marquis of Bute and Miss Goodrich Freer-the 'Miss X' who figured prominently in the controversy two years ago. ' B-House '-for obvious reasons its real name and that of its proprietor are not given by Lord Bute, but it is well known to be Baileahiu House in Perthshire -having the bad reputation of being haunted, was taken on lease by the Marquis, and Colonel Taylor, a wall-known Spiri tualist, put in possession to investigate mat tete with the aid of Miss Freer and other Roman Oatholio friends. They all kept diaries, whioh recorded their ghostly expéri ences, and this book tells the whole story. It is a capital book for the holidays. It oarries on every page the elements of never ending wonder, speculation, and scepticism, to make things lively on rainy days at the coast or in the country. We make some characteristic selections : WHBN LOBS mm B2ABD OP XT. It was in 1892 that Lord Bute first heard of the haunting of B-House in Perth shire. Here is an extract from his journal : -August 7. In afternoon with Father H-and Lord Dumfries to Falkland. He gives a long account of tba physical dis turban oe« at B - ; noises between his bed and the ceiling, like continuous explosions of petards, so that be could not bear himself speak. Father H-said he bad spoken of the matter to Mr S-(the proprietor), who expressed an idea that tba distar banoal might be caused by his unole, the late Major S-, who waa trying co attract attention in order that prayers might be offered for the repose of his soul. TUB RUSTLESS MAJOS B-. Major B-- was born in 1806, retired from tho Indian army with the raak of major in I860, and died in 1876. His two brothers died unmarried, and of bis six sis ters three married and a fourth, Isabella, entered a nunnery, and there professed the name of 'Frances Helen.' She died in 1680. The Major bequeathed B-- to the repre sentatives of his married sister Mary, and on his death was euooeeded by her second son John, who was a Roman Catholic. The Major was a believer iu spirit return, and many witnesses have attested that be fre quently spoke of bis own return after death, tie waa fond of dogs, and he frequently in timated his intention of entering the body of a particular black spaniel whioh be pos sessed ; but after his neath all bis dogs, in cluding the spaniel, were shot, in order to render any suob action on his part im possible. Spiner BAP FOE MAJOB'S ßnooxssoE. John S-, bis successor, went to London in 18SS on family business, and was there ran over by a cab and killed. Lord Bute, in his journal, under date January 17th, 1897, says-*1 hear that the morning the laie S-of B-left boma for the lost time, spirits came and rapped to bim in bis room, aoabtleBs to warn bim, so that death was owing to the cruel superstition which had prevented bim allowing them to be comm ii ni pated with.' Lord Bute's Infor mant seems to have been the Bev. Sir David Hunter Blair, now Father Blair of Fort Augustus Monastery. The son, Captain (3-, at onoe let the house and the shoot ings to Colonel Taylor as the nominal but Lord Bute as the real tenant ; and then the inn began. YOUNO LADT AJCD TBB SPOOKS. Mrs G. writes :-' A young lady of by no means timid disposition, and possessed ot great preseuoe of mind, bas often beard the swing door pushed open and footsteps oom ing along tbs corridor, pausing at the door. The footsteps abe had also beard going round her bed. Many visitors have bad the same experiences, and many have heard the wild unearthly shriek whioh bas rung through the house at midnight.' las CLOCK STBUOK Ora. Mrs G. give*, her own experiences :-' The first night all was still, but the following night a succession of thundering knocks oawe from the end of the passage. Half an honr afterwards my husband beard a piero ing shriek. The next night we beard single Knocks at different doors. The last night of our visit, I beard the olook strike one, and immediately lt oeased six violent blows shook our own door on its binges, followed by deep groans. A mau with bronsed com plexion and bent figure has been sean by two friends of mine. They both describe bim as having come through the door, and passing through the room in whioh they were, about three in the morning.' ÜVn.n. io an. Mn» Mise Fieer'a journal of her experiences is very good reading :-The maids tell me tney heard the sonnie of continuous reading aloud, which afterwards became quite familiar. The sound was always that welt known to Roman Oatholios, as that of a priest saying hie offioe.' We decided to walk in the avenue, it iras quite dark, bot the BUOW gleamed so white that we could j see our way to the plantation. In a few minutes 1 stopped. Against the snow I saw a light blaofc figure-a woman moving I slowly up the glen. Sae stopped and turned and looked at me. When ehe oame ander I tho tree she disappeared. Hie others SJW nothing.' In a letter to Lord Bute ander February 25, 1896, Hus Freer describes this figure with some detail :-* These figures do not appear before 6.30 at earliest. They appear co be outlined by threads of light, li. is only when the face appears in profile that one osa desatibe the twvaref, aaa this i I ii somewhat prevented by tin nnn'e rell. j . Iihbel appeera to ms to be slight and ol [ fair height. Her huir is dark, and there ii an intensity of gase whioh Ia rare in light' coloured eyee., lx>ra Bate identifiée the nan aa probably Mira Isabella S-, thé favourite sister of Major 8--, «ho be came a nan in 1860 and died tn 18t)0. THU Doa ASS ran STOCK. ' February 18-1 bad an expérience this morning whioh should be recorded. I was writing. I felt a distinct genda posh against my ahair. I thought it was the dog, bat he wes not titer*. I went on writing, when oame another decided posh against myself whioh moved me on my chair. I looked backward, the room was empty. When Mn W- oame in she called my attention to the dog, who was geeing intently from the hetrthng at the place where I had expected to ase aim. * ISHBXL' AMS 1 MAMET.' 'I saw the nun again, and an older woman ia grey, who talked earnestly with her, she answering at intervals. My com panions heard the voices, bat did not see the ngaree. The older woman afterwards became familiar, and the name of 4 Marget' was given to her half in fan, and simply because this was one of the two names given by the * Ouija' board-need by Spiritual. Uta-in hypnotic writing, as 'Isobel* waa also"1 given several times when her name was asked.' 'February IS-I saw 'Isabel' and ' Marget' in the old spot across the ¡born, ' Iehbel' was on her kbees in the attitude of weeping, ? Marget' apparently reasoning with her in a load voioe. £ could not hear what was (aid fer the noise of the bom. MISB M- said, ' I saw nothing bat I heard a low talking.' ' The editors in a foot-note say :-The non : to whom waa given the name of ' Iehbel.' This subject has been already disatuued, and ' the suggestion thrown ont that the phant asm was an erroneous mental piotare of the late Kev Mother Francos Helen, evolved {ron the imagination of a half-educated person who had never aeen the lady in question, and knew little about her. This figure was seen many times by Hiss Fraser and Miss Langton, twioe by the Ber Mr Q,-,' and probably by Madame Boisseaux. who unhappily died suddenly before the editors had au opportunity of asking ber -for exaot information. There were also earlier witnesses. She was never saan else where than in the glen, except once by Miss Langton, and on the one oooasion when a Bishop was saying Mass in the boase, and Miss Freer saw her outside the window jost after the elevation of the chalice, lt was stated, however, by two separate witnesses, that a figure, probably the same, had been seen inside the house on at least one occasion, when, some years before Colonel Taylor's tenanoy, Mrs S- was keeping her room, and a maid who was bringing up a tray met the figure on the stairs, and experienced suoh a s ¡art that she dropped the tray. The lay-woman dressed in grey to whom was given the came of1 Marget,' and who was sometimes seen in the oompany ol ' Ishbel,' usually as though upbraiding or reproving her. She was aeen by Miss Freer and Miss Langton, and her voioe in con versation with ' Ishbel' was heard not only by them, but by Mr 0- and Miss Moore, Mr ' Q.,' and Miss ' Duff.' «BB ICAH WITH niB T.fMT. 'February 21.-Again this morning we heard noises of pattering in the next room. The dog got np and sat apparently watching something invisible to us, turning his head slowly as if folio »ring the movements of some person or thing across the room from east to west. Oaring the night Miss Moore keerd footsteps crossing the room, as of an «ld invalid man snuffling in slippers.' Miss H-, another visitor, also beard the steps of au old man with a most peculiar limp. BB TASSB rSX VUSXN1SBS I* BAOT. Lord Bute, in a private letter on April 20 to a distinguished ecolesiaatio, says :-' We spent 48 hours at B--. On the way I was shown the enoloeur* in the oburohyard wherein lie, in unmarked graves,'the late Major S-, bis housekeeper, «nd his Indian servant. I would nave gone and prayed there, but the place seemed to me too public The house is bright and cheerful, As her ladyship and myself did not wish to be troubled at night, we took room in the wing which the late Major S-had built in order to save his ohildren from the 'haunting,' and we slept their quite com fortable. After 6 p.m. I went to the plaoe near the burn where the apparition often appeared. I read alend the * vespers ' for the dead, but no phenomenon appeared, nor had I any sensation. About 7.30 I want to room No. 6 and read aloud the first ' Noo turn of the dirge ; ' there was nothing to be seen or heard, but I felt a strong sensation that persouB were listening. (Tbe words, in uttering whioh Lord Bute waa thus affected, were-'Begem oui omnia vivant venire ad oremus,' an invitation whioh bs meant to include all intelligent beings). During the night slept well, Saw and beard nothing. Next day visited haunted burn; saw nothing. At 10 o'clock, is room D, read the third 'Kooturn,' made slips of pronunciation and felt the presence ef others very strongly, and thal it was hostile or evil, ai though they were kept at aims length. A disagreeab'e sensation continued until I threw some holy water on my bed before getting into it, when it sud denly disappeared.' Tra Lut BAKU. Miss Freer, in a letter to Lord Bute, in describing the departure of a visitor-Mdme Boisseaux-says-' While waiting for the oarriage she touched my arm and pointed to the window, where I perceived the figure of 'Ishbel,' and 'Marget' seemed to hover in tile background. After Mame's departure the Bishop blessed the house from top to bottom. He sprinkled rooms 1, 3, and 8 with holy water. He and the priests had hardly gone when there was a loud bang on a little table. The Bishop and prieits re turned and tho ceremony was repeated, after whioh the bang occurred, but moah more faintly. This bang waa the last phenomenon of an abnormal kind during this tenancy.' SHALLOW AMS IXFUBBKT IKPOSTUKE. As a suggestive pendant, it is worth re calling the treaohant article of the 'Times' writer, in «hieb, be denounced the whole affair as a great impostura. Here is an extraot :-* Lord Bute's oonfidenoe has been grossly abased by some one. It was re presented to him that he was taking the most haunted bouse in Scotland-a house with an established reputation fer mys terious, if not supernatural disturbances. I What be bas got is a house with no reputa ; tion whatever of that kind, with no history, with nothing germane to his purpose beyond a aloud of hsinloss rumours produoed during the last 12 mouths. Who is responsible for this imposture it is not my business to inquire, but that it is aa impostare cf tba most shallow and impudent kind there can be no manner of doubt. The whole thing has been fudged up in London.' 