CORNER COfiriENTS. Tlmt the Wcstralian Select Com mittee on 'the Federal Bill who want Mr. Coghlau's services linvo adminis tered a nasty jur to Mr. Reid. That there Ih more than Exhibition business in the French Minister's visit to the Czar. That his Excellency evidently has an eye for [pretty -women. Thnt excellent entertainment for readers, those in the country particu larly, will be provided by 'The Ar row's' new £5 competition. . / That It is about time tlio 'self-sup- porting' Jam 'Ueforhmtory nt Brush, Farm was abdllshed. ? It is certainly quite urinecessnryj . '?? Thnt the ringing of, church -bells on Sunday is a-1 great annoyance to some1 . people. , ? . . . Tlmt'Earl Beauchiimp could have se cured a faster yacht. That ttio: Speaker of tho Assembly Is not exercising, the discretion' expected from an experienced occupant of tho . Chair. That ..the qunllty of the football ox hibitcd-.ln the last two English matches was very Indifferent. That the selection of the Australian fifteen to meet the English footballers to-day is not satisfactory— three of the greatest forwards in New South Walcu have been passed by. Still, the for wards are good; the bncks not so, on recent form. . That Captain Joe Darling might have, permitted Trumper to continue batting n little longer hint Saturday, until tho 321 by \V. Ij. Murdoch had been eclipsed. That tho Hon. II. 0. Dangar, when . lecturing trainers on tho enormity or attending pony meetings, felt hlmselt in a difficult position, but bore up bravely. That damages are likely to be claim ed for an accident owing to the dange rous condition of the Itandwlck-road. That ripping up and putting down ?wood blocks In George-street seems to be a permanent industry. That, according to recent law court Tordictfl, it 1b bad business not to pay Land and Income 'Sax on the duo date. That tho Hornsby 'busliranglng' cneo reads like a queer affair, and, aa usual, baflles tho police. That tho now electric tramcars will be appreciated, if tho sample carv Is to be taken as a pattern. ,.,!.....,. That some of tho unemployed might .with advantage be employod on Go vernment roadu in tho outlying su bnrba, which are In an impaomible con dition. . ,, ;.\\.:;!i;;iv£p^'- ' . That Mi*. Dacoy's hflmor. In thrown tiway, upon Mr. Cook, «,%VM'«l'Ui«';jV That tho boot way of preventing pub lication of Parliamentary language) and acencfl ifl to avoid their occurrence. A horde of unscrupulous caterpillars Is said to be ravaging the settlers' crops around- Gunnedah. It Is satis factory, however, to ' learn on the authority of the Government Entomo logist, that these colored aliens are fat from well, and will probably perish in their sin. 'Verily tho way of tranflgrco Bors Jb hard. ; . In tho statuary group at tho Now Markets, tlto dlty of Sydney '1b aooo clatcd with tlip Bymboln of justice and wisdom. Rather a satire on tho Muni cipal Council of Sydney ! Mayor Harris ought to write a minute about it, or ask the Town Clerk for an explana tion. In the Melbourne Divorce Court the other day, where quite a number or ftiffhlouablo females had come express ly to hear the spicy details of a divorce case, tlio judge wan inconsiderate enough to remark that thcro wcro rooms* In tho precincts of tho court whoro modest women could retire. . NfcedleBfl to «ny, they wero not talcing any retirement at the time, and tho judge no doubt began to realise that, ? at all eventB, he was a very bad judge of modest -women. * * * What were those earthquakes (which' are. popularly supposed to be just now unusually active) about that one of them did not swallow tlio presump tuous Town Clerk, lli'Ht for giving tho Mayor of tlio City advice, and, seeoiul ly, having the temerity to acknowledge It in the presence of the entire City Council. When an opportunity like this offers for a well-regulated earthquake, and it falls to rise to the ? occasion, the natural question is what is the a e of earthquakes, anyhow ? * * ♦ A correspondent of the., daily paper* s lius Juul.woko up to the fact tliat-.tliu ' =?] year 11)00 Is not leap, year, though, nc- '$ cording to the usual rule, It ought, to - l ? be, ko he has Issued a warning to t»u .; , calendar makers 'lent they ;. Corget,',^ S- and give ? us a -day more' limn jliw ' ;. '*_' usual' allowance. I'robably tho people ,;'. moat interested In ? the circumstance .?: will foe those who have given pro.' notes ''_ ? ^ coming due on February -1), lOUO, ana ;- * who will naturally entertain uousciou-;. ? tious 'doubts as to Avhetlier they ought to pay them. Doubtless the Transit UunuutaHion are wise in refusing' to allow the Vwau access to their ofUulal i'ojturls. Thcsu things ought .to be. kopt secret, other- ? wise the public got to know too much, ? and there is eveu a danger that the ? Commissioners may be slmmed into do ing something (sensible, which, oL' ? - course, would be contrary to all prece dent. By all means keep It dark. Tho spirits of just niggers made per fect at a charge of half-a-crown a head for visitors seem entitled to a mensuvb of sympathy when an unbelieving visi tor rudely tears off the feathers .ami . rixlugs of the, ghost, and discloses the features of the entcrprlKing medium, who runs the show. Sydney i)(M-i)l-- Will be inclined to regard this nu \ another instance. oC history rcpeatliiK - . lf&elf;, though' there Ih no Jiicnlioiioi' . ' any .shrinkage of the medium's uuder BtantlingH so m to cause hi'r stockingft ; to drop off. In this instance It was tho : temper of the lady which gof loose, .; judging by the fact that ulie hit. out i viciously at the presumptuous unbe liever. It won't be safe for elthei spooks or spectators nt future kmuiomj unless they are carefully kept from contact by a barbed wire fence. * * * Some of the jurors engaged at the Ses sions seem to havo got to like tliolr job so much that they began to regard it as a permanent billot, and were in no hurry to go until the judge gave them a gentle hint that it was time to give another lot of jurors a fair show. Per haps, after all, It would be an improve ment If jurors who were just getting their hands In were allowed to put through tho rest of the business, and, come to think of It, thcro does not seem any more reason why there i should be a fresh crowd of jurymen.' for each case than for getting a new judge. ' m * * Tho Primate appears to take all Borts of care to 'keep dnrlc on the weather bow' when there is any lighting on. «t . « * L ' ' . If tho Speaker lo to be allowed to tinker with 'Hansard,' it would bu , better to have no such publication; 0 * ? . ? ? The request for a loan of Mr. Cogh lan for Weotralln does not bode favor- ; ; ably for tho coming in of that colony, '? 