A new ground for divorce. According to a message from Albany, New York, a woman who has begun an action for divorce from her husband claims that the ghost of her husband's first wife infests the house and makes her miserable. It appears at nights and frightens her so that she is unable to sleep. It comes near to her and indulges in paroxysms of weeping, and occasionally it smashes the furniture. The petitioner's assertions were at first laughed at, but she persisted in them, and upon being medically examined she was declared sane. A peculiar dispute arose recently in a cricket match between Brighouse and Heek mondwike. A fieldsman belonging to the latter side caught one of the Brighouse batsmen right on the boundary, but fell over the boundary line with the ball in his hand. The Brighouse captain claimed that his man was not out, as the match was not completed within the boundary. Neither umpire would give a decision, and eventually the batsman was allowed to continue bis innings. It is said that in a county match between Notts and Gloucester, Dr. W. G. Grace once argued for an hour and a half with a Notts player over a similar point in dispute. The Paris correspondent of "M.A.P-" tells a pathetic little story of the fears with which the wife of President Loubet regarded her husband's elevation to the head of the State. A lady, a friend of la Presidente they have known each other from girlhood went to tiie Elysee to congratulate Madame Loubet. One of the President's children plucked her by the gown and said, " Don't say anything to mamma about papa's be- coming President, it makes her cry so." Madame Loubet, I may add, was not singu- lar in thus regretting the consummation of her husband's ambitious. While M. Felix Faure's election was goipg on Madame Faure and Mdlle. Lucy Faure were kneeling before "Our Lady's Altar" in the Made- leine, burning waxen tapers before the shrine, praying for the rejection of Felix Faure. Is not this a pathetic picture, in the light of after events ? "Trying Dead Men."-Mr. H. Bider Haggard, in "Longman's Magazine," com- menting on a clergyman's refusal to read the burial service over a man whose life he chose to describe as "notoriously immoral," asks tiie question, " Ought not the deceased to have bad a fair trial?" To try such cases tiie andient Egyptians had a special court. But here there are no advocates, and no jury; the clergyman, apparently, is both accuser and judge. Were the clergyman's verdict given against a living man unjustly " one can imagine no injury that would en- title him to heavier damages. . . Yetti» case of the living mau is better than that of tiie dead, for the one can bring an action and the other cannot." r Interesting for papa ! Mah Soo, a woman of Kabine Village, Mandalay, recently gave birth to a son having two faces, two sets of eyes, two mouths, two noses, but only two \ ears. The monstrosity only lived 20 ¿oura. 