IInLIVIN Oa F o r 4 LnotM 01Aot. 'i LorDoN, July 20, 7.10 p.m. t The Australian Eleven, after their exer tions in the test match. found themselves B opposed to-day by a strong combination t under the name of an Eleven of England. The match was one of the late arrangements, and took place on the pretty little ground at the Crystal Palace, which is now the head. quarters of the newly formed London County Cricket Club. The Englirh team bad been got tip by Dr W. G. Grace, who ie now the" boss" of the London County Club, and consisted of the followin2 playere: W. G. Grace (London), F. H. B. Champain (Gloucestershire), R. E. Foster (Worcester shire), T. L. Taylor (Cambridge University), G. E. Winter (Cambridge University), E. Arnold (Worcestershire), Alec Hearne (Kent), Wm Quaife (Warwickshire), C. 0. H. Sewell (Gloucestershire), L. C. Braund (Surrey), F. Martin (Kentl. The Australians had Hill, Jones, and Worrall outstanding, and their team there fore consisted of :-J. Darling, F. A. Iredale, S. E. Gregory, M. A. Noble, J. J. Kelly, V. Trumper, W. P. Howell, C. McLeod, H. rrumble, F. Laver, A. B? Johns. Hill is now completely recovered, but it was judged., advisable to reserve him for the Surrey return match, which bhgins on MIonday next, Jones and lWo.rall are also resting, with a view to the tame important engagement. The weather this morning was brilliantly fine, and as the wicket was hard and good Grace, who beat Darling in the toss, promptly sent his opponents into the field, and deputed Champain and Quaife to open the English innings. For the Australians Johns kept wickets to give Kelly a rest, and the bowling was entrusted at the start to Noble and Howell. The pair put on 2) runes, and then the Oxford captain, who had just got into doubl figures, was clean bowlel by Noble. Hearne came in ntxt and the total had been exactly doubled, when Quaife fell to towell for 18. Braund then joined Hearne, and a partner ship was commenced that lasted nearly all the rest of the day. Both batsmen estab. lished an absolute mastery over all the Aus tralian bowling, and put up a record for their association such as has not been ap proached this tour, and has rarely been equalled in the now long list of matches be tween English and Australi n teams. At the outset Braund scored faster than his partner, and when the bell rang for lunch out of the120 scored each of the bats. men in had 40 to his credit. The bawling was changed several times, but no difference in the attack made any difference to the two batsmen. After lunch Hearne opened out, and when 50 runs had been added to the total his score stood at 72, Braund's 55. Not long after the 200 was hoisted amid great cheer in from the onlookers, and at 218 the two scores had again drawn close together, Hearne being 89 and Braund 81. Approaching their centuries both men played somewhat more carefully, the Bent player slackening down the more of the two. The result was that Braund reached the coveted three figures first amid tremendous cheering, which was renewed a littlela'teron whenBearne also ran past the 100. Nearly 50 runs more were added before the end of the partnership came, and then Braund, who had compiled 125, was bowled by Howell. The association had Put on just %bout 250 runs. Arnold followed, but was soon bowled by Howell for 6. Foster gave moretrouble, and had 26 tohis credit when he was caught by Johns at the wickets off McLeod. The English captain than came in and with Hearne played out time, his score standing at 6 and tearne's at 147. The great score of 358 had been compiled for the loss of five wickets only. The feature of the Innings was, of course, the batting of Hearne and Braund. Both men played magnificent crigket, and all through their long partnership not a chance could be urged against either. The Austra lian bowling without Jones suffered from lack ot variety, and the absence of theirS, t bowler was severely felt. Noble, HowJll, Trumble, Laver, Gregory and McLeod were all tried several times over, but all to no purpose. The two batsmen had all the bowhng fairly collared as it has never been yet this trip, and appeared to do with it exactly what they liked. Although there was nothing that could be called sensational about the rate of scoring, the batting of both men was of the brilliant order, and in Braund's 125 there were 19 boundary strokes. LoNDON, July 21, 2 p.m. In gloriose weather, of which, how ever, no very large number of spectators took advantage, the Australians began the second day's play of, their match against Grace's Eleven on the London County Cricket Ground. On the first day the Englishmen had put up the large score of 358 for the loss of five wickets, Hearne and Grace being the not-out men with 147 and 6 respec tively. The wicket was playing Fast and true, but Howell and Trumble, who started the Australian bowling, were in better form than on .the previous day.tud runs come but slowly from the outset. Still the t ,tal mounted up, and 40 rune, ihad b.eu added before a separatibn wuse effected, and Hearne's magnificent in nings of 168 came ,to an end through a oatch of Tremble oofjiseow4 bowling a . The, Kent professional had been at t the wickets for five "hours for his runs, r and during the whole of,that time had c never given the ghost of a chance. I Without scoring really fast at any time Hearne had shown plenty of batting ( power, and in his long score-the highest yet scored against the Australians this I trip, by the way-were included 26 boundary strokes. After Hearne's departure the end of ( the innings was reached without any I great augmentation of the total. Sewell l joined Grace, and by a stroke for 2 brought up the fourth century, this being the third time during the present tour that 400 hlis been made either for or against the Australians. This, how ever, was Sewell's only effort, as he was immediately afterwards out to an easy batch by Howell in the slips off Trumble. Grace was directly afterwards bowled by Noble for .25, and then Taylor by some free hitting put up 20 and carried out his bat, while Winter and Martin stonewalled for 6 and 1 respectively, before both fell victims to catches off Noble's bowling. The last of the English wickets fell just before lunch -time, the innings closing for 431. LONDON, July 21, 7 p.m. Laver and Iredale were the first pair to appear for. Australia on the re sumption of the game after lunch, and they were opposed by the bawling of Winter and Martin. Only 15. runs had been made when Laver fell to the latter bowler for 8. Trumper followed, and at once started to score, playing-with great ease and confidence. By this time also Iredale, after opening carefully, had begun to play with greater freedom, and runs came at a fair pace. The half-century was hoisted, and then" a change of bowling was tried; Grace going on in place of Martin. The change came off all right, Grace having Truimper, who had theis scored 25, quite at sea to a slow leg break and 'bowling: him clean. The total at this stage was 67, and Ire dale's individual score was 80. Gregory came in, and a., fairly long stand was made that resulted in the addition of over 70 runs. By dashing play Gregory put on 48, an innings in which his punishing powers and the great versatility of his strokes were seen to their best advantage. He fell to a catch at cover point by Champain off Foster.. Darling came in next and quickly hit up 22, while. Iredale was doing little more than acting on the defensive. The Australian captain' was then out to a fine catch at point, which Grace effected off Winter's bowling. Noble came in a few minutes before the call of time, an4 carried his bat out for a single. When stumps were drawn -the total, was 189 for the loss of four" wickets. .Iredale carried out his bat for 76, the outcome of correct but rather slow cricket. LoNDoN, July 22, 7 p.m. Some slight showers of rain fell last night, but the weather was again fine and clear when the match, 'in which very little - interest was now taken, was re sumed this morning. The wicket was slightly soft and rather inclined to favor the bowlers. - With. Iredale and Noble in the batting was o' the slow and defensive order, but if .the runs did not come with sensational rapidity they" came at any rate with commendable steadiness. The second century pre sently came in view;, and after a decent interval of further play Iredale, amid great applause from the not very numer ous spectators, completed hIis first cen tury this tour. The partnership lasted till just prior to lunch, when after it had added 80 runs Noble was tempted out by a curly slow from Winter, missed it, and was smartly stumped by Taylor. Noble had made 35 in capital style. Kelly' followed, and when the bell Srang for lunch he had scored 5, Iredale was 115, and the total stood at 270. A very little play was required after lunch to bring the innings to a close. Quaife and Winter took up the attack, i end bowled so well,lhe former especi ally, that they dismissed the next five wickets for an addition of only 31 runs. Before Ircda'e had improved his score he was captured by Wiantcr in the slips refdale's 11"5 was the result of sound |defensive cricket, but the chief point about it was that it' was over 100; For the rest it was a patient compilation, made without much brilliance, and certainly in nothing like Iredale's best batting form. Trumble and McLeod, the former not out, made 14 apiece, but Howell and Johns each fell to Qnaife for nil, and the innings closed for a total of 801. Quaife, who was not on for long, captured four wickets for an average of, 7 runs apiece, while Winter, who took three for 62, was on the longest of any of the English bowlers. Being in a minority pf 130 the Aus tralians had to follow on, a draw being, of cnrte, an asimost absolute certainty. The Colonial s could not win,and by simply stonewalling for the rest of the. after noon they could easily stave off defeat. They therefore adopted those tactics, and at the end of an afternoon's tedious and uninteresting play had lost three wickets for 113 runs. All the three wickets fell to Grace, McLeod and Gregory being left as the not out men. Thl match ended in a draw largely in favor of Grace's Eleven, the Australians with seven 'wickets to fall being still 17 runs behind their opponents' first innings total. The following are the scores: GRAOR'S ELEVEN, First Innin es P. IT. B. Champain, b Noble ... ... 10 W. Quaife, b Howell ... ... ... 18 A. Hearne, e and b Trumble ... ... 168 L.C. Braund. b Bovell ... ... ... 125 E. Arnold, b Howell ... ... ... 6 R. E. Foster, c Johns, b licLeod ... 26 W. G. Grace, b Noble ..... ... 25 C. 0. H. Sewell, c Howell, b Trumble... 2 T. I.. Taylor, not out ...... ... 20 0, E. Winter, c McLeod, b Noble ... 6 T. Martin, c Darling, b Noble ... 1 Sundries ... ... ... ... 24 Total ......... ..... 431 Bowling Analysis, Noble, four wickets for 59 runs Howell, three for 128 Trumble,.two for 104 McLeod, one for 41. AUSTR ALIA. First Innings. F. Laver, b Martin . .... .. 8 F. A, Ired'ale. c Winter, b Quaifse ... 115 V. Trumper, b Grace ... ... _... 25 8\. E. E.regory. c Champain, b Foster ... 48 J. Darling, e Glace, b Winter ... ... 22 M. A. Noble, at Taylor, b Winter ... 8 J. JT. Kelly, c and 1I Winter ... 8 H. Trumble, not out ... ... . 14 C. McLeod, b Quaife ... ... ... .1. W. P. Howell, b Quaife ... ...... A. E. Johns, b Quaife ... ... Sundries ... .. ....... 12 Total .. ... ..... 801 Bowling Analystes. W. Quaife, four wicket for 28 runs G. E. Winter, three for 62 B. H. Foster, one for 29 _ W. . Grace, one for 30 F. Martin, one for 42. Second Innings. F. Laver, lbw, b Grace ... ... 29 B. Trumble, c Fewell, b Grace ... ... ii W. P. Howell, e Champain, b Giace ... 4 0\. McLeod, not out ... . 82 8\. B. Gregory, not out ...... ... 29 Sundries ... ... ...... 8 Three wickets ... ... .. 118 Bowling Analysis. W. . .Gr'ce, three wicketsfor 29 runs. 