?? - ~ . Extraordinary Credulity ? * ? NEW SECT IN AMEBICA. Mountebanks appealing to the credulity of the ignorant in the name of religion are always with us. This year the most suc cessful and notorious of these. is a man who calls himself the Rev Frank W. Sandford, who has organised an associa ? ation to which he has given the name of the Holy Ghost and Us Society, and which has just held a session of eight days on a hill in the State of Maine. Sandford appeared on this hill three years ago, with a spade in his hands, and began to dig, aayingthat he had been commanded by! God to erect a temple there, and revolu tionise the religions of the world. His seal was infectious, and those who came to scoff remained to assist. More than two hundred men from the adjacent farm ing districts joined him in the work .without pay. Every .day he prayed for ? ? Jtnoney, and soon it began to roll in, for the deluded agriculturists sold their farms, Una gave mm me proceeds, uuu. uumnuu tions came from others. One farmer sold .all he' had, except a herd of hogs. These he killed, and buried, because Sandford re ?'' garded them as unclean animals/ and would not receive the value of them in cash. -With the contributions of the last three years Sandford has erected a ?'Temple, of Truth,' consisting of four buildings) enclosing a court, and has ex pended more than 100,000 dol. on them. At the beginning of the recent convention horemarksd that 20,000dol. was needed. He prayed for that sum, und immediately afterwards exhibited the money, asserting that it had been sent te- him froni the Al mighty. The society noW.'ifls about £,000 members. Sandford baptised raoDy^new. comers during the convention, plunging them into a river, while his followers on' the banks shouted, 'Hallelujah !' In his public addresses he predicts that England and America will soon unite to subdue the whole world with fire and sword. At the close of the convention he sailed for Eng land, promising to bring back a largo snni of money. Probably he will return, for there is much moro money to be drawn from the credulous for tho support of his projects. The society's property was loft in charge of loyal assistants, or con 