PUBLISHanr avan TUESDAT AND FERIDAY. 261th Fear. TUESDAY, MAY 2, 1899. In the "Horsham Times" of this morning there are stated and discussed two interesting proposals of taxation, that of a internal duty on flour sub mitted by by Mr. W. Thomas, of Willenabrina, and that of a tax on surplus wealth, for which Mr. Thomas Dowling, M.L.C., has made himself peculiarly respon sible. The space at disposal in this column will not permit of more than such a reference to the two proposi tions as will help to secure for them the attention and consideration they deserve. -Mr. Thomas will have with him for two thirds of his letter pretty well everyone who reads it. Almost all will agree that the agriculturist living under a so called protective tariff hias very much the worst of the fiscal bar gain, whilst all who know anything of the matter at all are appreciative of the fact that the Victorian duty on wheat is a delusion and a snare, be cause in nine out of every ten years it is inoperative, because it affords no protection except in the odd year when, unhappily, the wheat harvest has been so poor t'at the colony has perforce to suspend the export of breadstuffs. But when, all too briefly, Mr. Thomas goes on to suggest a remedy for the injustice under which he and those of his class undoubtedly labor he gets on to very debatable ground indeid, around which will probably be found common to few of those who are most with him in appreci ation of the injustice to agriculturists of a fiscal system all the cost of which they bear and none of the advantages of which they share. It would not be fair. with the small amount of data he has so far given us to discuss Mr. Thoma' proposal on what merits it may have. These, no doubt, later on he will expound by a fuller statiment of his proposal, and by a detailed recommendation of it. For the pre sent it: is sufficient to say that the proposal of a tax on such a food staple as flour is one that is naturallyl so unpalatable that to secure its al acceptance the arguments in its sup port must be singularly cogent and a powerful. For our own part, ardently as we desire to improve the position of a farmers, we are not prepared to ac- f quiesce in any proposition of relief that b seeks to increase the price of the food r that is primarily necessary to all-a p tax that would fall most severely, most cruelly, upon the.poorest of the 6 poor. That the flour tax would really assist the farmer at all' is, of course, a point at issue. "Subject to what Mr. Thomas has yet to urge in its behalf, d we would say that the duty would be a powerless to advantage the farmer; or w that, at least, it could do for him noth ing than cannot be done much more I simply, much less unpopularly and much.. Jess objectionably by other means.' The more excellent way for the' farmer is, we are convinced, to strive persistently for larger I trade freedom, and through it, and by other means, for such a cheapening of production as will make his industry profitable at even bedrock values for natural produce. The second propositicn, that of the d tax on surplus wealth, is singularly I attractive and, on the surface at least, singularly sound. It is unnecessary to add here anything to Mr. Dowling's. powerful advocacy and eloquent and I pursuasive recommendation of this impost. Thus it is that what small space is at disposal is devoted, not indeed to a responsible criticism of i the proposition, but to the sug gestion of a difficulty that pre sents itself What would ap pear to be-the fatal objection to Mr. Dowling's proposal is" that the tax he suggests would not produce anything like what he anticipates from it, with the result that it would have either to be considerably increased from the mo dest half-penny in the pound of proposi tion or be supplemented by other direct levies, in either of which cases the peculiar recommendation it has, sup posing Mr. Dowling's estimate of re sult to be reliable, disappears. Mr. Dowling, making a liberal deduction from the figures of the Government Statist, estimates the realised wealth of the colony at-£400,000,000, his tax of a half penny in the pound on which would, of course, produce £833,330. But is this £400,000,000 available for taxation under Mr. Dowling's scheme, which would-and hire is its recom mendatory justice-take toll only of actual surplus wealth,ascertained after all liabilities have been deducted from all assets I Are there no liabilities against that magnificent asset of £400,000,000 1 Mr. Dowling would get over the difficulty by saying that what are one man's liabilities are, or will be, another's assets, and that automatically the sum of assets and liabilities balances and the taxable total is obtained. This is excellent in theory. But is it so that in practice the liabilities of one set of men in the community are the assets of some other set of men 1 We venture to say that quite the contrary is the case. To 'consider only one factor in the position, flow many of the men whose possessions go to make up the £400,000,000 worth of property have to put against it heavy 'indebtedness outside the colonies> in .the other states, in Great Britain 'and else where 4 At least these indebted nesses, must he deducted' before the full, taxable.total is got at. "Is is not so, that the public and private bar rbwings of the colony-the private borrowings at least-must be placed as a. liability against the magnificent taxable asset to operation upon which Mr. Dowling would lead the Trea surer I Other olbjections suggest them selves, but we forebear to urge them until this all important point, one cer tainly not of detail but of principle, has been cleared up. For the rest while no fiscal changes can,by commdon consent, be made pending the con summation of Australian union--Mr. Dowling's scheme of fiscal reform is so attractive and has so much in its re commendation as to make it command the consideration of all amongst who are appreciative of the clumsiness of our present system of taxation, with its many inequalities and anomalies. TheaHouse of Commons has still under con sideration Sir Howard Vincent's proposition that from the proposed increased wine duties Colonial wines shall be exempt. The Chan cellor of the Exchequer is engaged in weighing the arguments placed before him by the recent deputation of Agents-General. To these he has various rejoindera. But, as we are regret fully compelled to admit, he is almost un answerable, when hae insists on the unreason of Victoria and South Australia, the colonies of great duties, objecting to the very small im post he proposes to enact. What satisfactory answer cad be made to Mr. Michael Hicks Beach when he asks: Even if the principle of differential duties were accepted by the Im perial Government, why should it be extended to colonics levying highly protective tariffs on British manufactures ? No satisfactory answer is possible. Therefore, is it wise or dignified for the colonies to continue the agitation in op position to the duties? As to freetrade New South Wales, Sir Michael, replying to Mr. Thomas Curras, member for North Sligo, but a native of the colony, declares that so little wine from the Mother State is imported into Great Britain, that it would not for the sake of the amount of duty involved, about £450 be worth while to alter a settled fiscal policy. .To the mceetiug of the committee of manage ment of the Horsham and Wimmera District Agricultural and Pastoral Society on Friday, Mr.Brake, M.P., wrote, intimatingthat he had introduced to the Commissioner of Customs a deputation asking for a reduction of the pilot age rates charged at the port of Melbourne, and he would keep the matter of securing this reduction well in mind. Tlhe society's com munication urging that compensation should be granted to owners of herds destroyed be cause infected with tuberculosis had reached him, and he would have the same read when a deputation to arge the concession waited upon the Minister of Agriculture on the following Wednesday. On the motion of the President, Mr.RF.Fi.neham,thethanksofthe societywere tendered to'Mr. Brakefor the active interest he evinced in all it brought under his notice. The Commissioner of Customs wrote to the society asking that it should state in what respects it coiaidered the pilotage dues excessive, taking into consideration the distances vessels enter ing and leaving Port Phihp Bay had to be piloted. No action was taken upn this com munication. It will be learnt with much regret that Mr. J. H. Pound, assistant secretary to the Western'Wimmera Water Trust, is confined to his room with a severe attack of asthma and bronchitis. On Sunday night be was very seriously ill, and his medical attendant, Dr. Ritchie, is of opinion that his condlition is still inerious. SAn Amateur Chrysanthemuum and Horti cultural Show, in aid of the funds of the B??e Christian Church, will be held in the Me chanics' Hall to- moarmwafternoona'nd evening. There will also 'be musical and elocutionary competition. Entries will be received, up to seven o'clock to-night, by Mr. D. M. Baird, and at the Mechanics' Institute by the secre tary, Mr. J. C. Drmce, between 7 p.m. and 10 pJmn. Urginw for the Surplus Wealth Tax that it would make possible the nationalisation of I charitable relief, Mr. Thou Dowling, at Hoc sham on Saturday, said that some of the hospitals in Melbourne were in a dreadful p state-a state that any civilized country should be ashamed of. Walking last winter n through one leading institution he drew the attention of the nurse in charge to ibe I fact that it was bitterly cold, and asked her why there was no fire in the ward. She I replied that the institution could not afford to provide fires. Inasmuch as there are only 72 applicants for B 62 blocks the special mallee board to be held at Horsham, in the Court House, by Mr. Morkham, Secretary for Lands, to-morrow, is likely to be over early. Under the circum- 9 stances Mr. Markham will hear on Wednes; day the cases of any persons sumnioned to show cause against forfeiture on Thursday, who may be in Horsham on Wednesday. The town clerk is in receipt of Mr. William Dodd's resignation of his seat in the Horsham Borovgh Council. There hive been several heavy showers during the past few days. The registered rainfall at Horsham for last month was 142 points, which fell in seven days. The country continues to look splendid. There is in the home of Mrs. Hyland, Davis street, Horsham, a curiosity in the shape of a bright little girl, 10 years of age, born with her heart, liver and lungs in reverse to the norma positions. She suffers so greatly from heart disease, that it is thought she cannot live any length of time. Shortly before the 10 o'clock on Saturday night a fire broke out, in a bedroom, at the house, on the Dimboola road, owned and occu pied by Mr. A. A. Bolwell. Mr and Mrs. Bolwell and family were absent at the time of the outbreak, but fortu-. nately Mr. Bolwell returned home almost immediately afterwards, to find the bedroom in a blaze. There was water at hand, and Mr. Bolwell, assisted by Mr. H. W. Searle, who is a neighbour, by Herculean labors, got the fire under way, but not before it had done, in the room in which itbroke out and one adjoining, damage to the amount of between £20 and £25. The alarm bell at the brigade station was rung by Mr. Fred Wright, and the brigade were on the scene with commendable promptitude. Thanks to the good work of Messrs. Bolwell and Searle their services were not required. The fire appeared to have had its origin in the clothes of the bed. About seven o'clock in the evening Mrs. Bolwell was in the room with a candle. The mischief may have been done then. But as to this it is impossible to speak with even proximate certainty. The home' was insured for £200, and the furniture etc. for £124, both in the United Insurance Company, for which Messrs. Elliott and Hargreaves are the Horsham agents. His many friends will regret to learn that Mr. J. T. Baker, of Jung Jung, who is 73 years of age, is seriously ill with inflammation of the lungs. He is under the care of Dr. White, of Horsham. August Grandell, a young lad employed at Kenny's Union Hotel, met with a nasty acci dent on Sunday evening. The boy was, it ap pears, driving a number of cows, and when in Hamilton street, at the rear of the Criterion Hotel, the horse stumbled and fell heavily on its rider, breaking his left arm just below the elbow. The injured limb was set by Dr. Ritchie, to whose surgery the youth was taken. The staff of the local Post and Telegraph Office met last evening for the purpose of making a presentation to Mr. H. W. Searle, who has been promoted from the Postal De partment to a clerical position in the local Sub Treasury. The souvenir, which took the form of a pair of silver serviette rings of handsome design, was handed to Mr. Searle by Mr. M. J. Dunne, the senior operator, who, on behalf of the staff, congratulated the recipient on the advancement he had thus made in the Civil Service, and spoke of the plea sure his old fellow employEs felt at knowing that he was not to be removed from the town. Mr. Searle feelingly acknowledged the present and thekindly feelings exhibited by his former fellow employks. Miss Qeeesie Letts, about 16 years of age, daughter of Mr. George Letts, not feeling well, left the service at the Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening sometime before its con clusion. She had got as far only as the State School corner when she fell down in a fit. In this,she remained, lying on the foothpath,until the congregation came out, when she was ap prehended and taken home. She was very ill all night, but was much better yesterday. A little boy, five years old, son of Mr. and and Mrs. Dumergue, of Horsham, died on Sunday morning, from diphthi;ric croup. The child had been ill since the previous Wednes day,:but received no medical attention until Sunday when, a few minutes before its death, and, of course, quite too late to do anything for'it, Dr. White was called. Under the circumstances he refused to give a certificate of death. The certificate required for burial was subsequently given by Mr.C. Curran, J.P. The last act in the Horsham tragedy was played'on Saturday afternoon when Messrs. Young Bros. sold, by public auction, the ef fects of Dan Young, the murdered Chinese. These, including the horse and waggon, stolen by the man Alfred Ford, realised £30 8s. Mr. J. A. Davis, having spent 42 years without a break in Victoria,18 of them in Hor sham, is about to take.a trip to Europe, the Holy Land and England, upon which he will leave in the course of a few days. He will tour the Continent, visit Egypt and the Holy Land, and spend several weeks in Bath, the beauty town of the West of England, of which heis a native. It was because of his intention to make this trip, which circumstances have some what delayed, that Mr. Davis some time since, to the great regret of his corlstituents, resigned his snat in the Horsham Borourgh Council. He Sproposes to be absent from Horsham about seven months, and his many friends will wish him an enjoyable holiday and a safe return to the town. Mr. Hugh Claude Pennefather has been appointed wool expert and valuer to the Union Mortgage and Agency Company of Australia Lifrited. Mr. Pennefather has until recently held asimilar position with the Australasian SMortgage and Agency Company Limited. Mr. George Letts, who sometime since underwent an operation for Bright's disease of the bladder, which gave him much temporary relief, is now again, his friends will regret to learn, so ill that his condition is deemed critical. The anniversary services of the Horsham Presbyterian Church will be conducted on Sunday next by the Rev. W.' nL. Mackie, of Warracknabeal, morning and evening. At each service there will be special music by the church choir. The anniversary will be further celebrated by aconcert and coffee supper on the following Tuesday evening. The Horsham Football Club announce a smoke night concert for Friday evening next, in the Mechanics' Hall. A good programme of music has been arranged, including a comic song competition. Mr. B. T. Pearse will pre side. A Horsham business man has brought under ournotice the following suggestive circular he has received from a Melbourne house with which he does business. Not a little wealth must be destroyed by the common practice of burning or burying horses that die or are killed :--We would draw your special atten tion to quotations for horse hides, as it does not appear to be generally known that they possess market value worth considoration. We estimate that there should be some 40,000 marketed each year in Victoria, worth roughly say £15,000; but we carnnot find that one-tenth of this number reach the market. We have orders for almost unlimited quantities, and feel sure that if the country residents knew their value, that we should receive greatly in creased supplies. At the Horsham Police Court on Friday, Mr. Rowan, P.M. made the following orders, both complaintsobeing undefended :-Mrs. Cather ine Rushbrook v.'Charles Edward DeWolfe Heard, £4 3s Gd, hire of buggies and horses, with 15s (d costs; Mr. Power for the com plainant Young Bros. v. H. M. Bond, £9 I 10d due on a promissory note, with £16s costos Mr. Power for the complainant. Slnce Friday two additional cases of diph. theria, one from the torwn and one from the country, and an additional ase of typhoid, from the town, have been admitted to the Horsham District Hospital An additional case ofdiphtheria is also being privately treated in the town. It has been decided to have Univereity Ea teneion lectures at Ararat this winter. A very old colonist ad district resident has passed away in the person of Mr. Denis Brett, th who died, from dysentry, early on Saturday K morning at his residence, McLachlan Street, H after an illness of about six week duration. It was known that he was seriously ill, but it tr was not thought by his friends until late on S. Friday night, when Dr. Ritchie gave up all B hope, that his end was so near. The Rev. or Joseph O'Brien, P.P., was with the deceased Is gentleman until within a hour of his death,and w administered to him the last sacraments of the fe Catholic Church, of which he was an attached bi and most devout member. Mr. Brett was greatly esteemed for his amiability and high c character, and will be regretted by a large circle of friends. He leaves behind a widow and four sons, all unmarried, and four daughters, one of whom, Mrs. W. E. McDonald, of Horsham, is married. The funeral, which was very largely attended, took place on Sunday afternoon, the interment p being made at the Horsham Cemetery. d Messrs. Andrew McDonald, H. P. Green, Patrick Walsh, C. I. Turner, P. Carey, and W. E. Phelan acted as pall-bearers, and the Rev. Father O'Brien officiated at the grave. Mr. Denis Brett was born at Carlow, County Carlow, Ireland, in 1830, and was therefore 69 years of age at the time of his death. He landed tn Melbourne 45 years ago, and for five years worked at variousdiggings in the colony. f Some 40 years since he settled at Stawell, where he, and Mr. Joseph Emmerton, his mate, sank ,tlrough rock and cement, with a windlass, a shaft 500 feet deep, probably the deepest shaft in the colony so sunk. In Stawell, where he married his wife, then Miss Mary Byrne, he built in Patrick Street, and became the proprietor of what was at first a general store, but which he afterwards con- J. verted into the Royal Oak Hotel, of which for I many years he was the proprietor and licensee. Twenty two years ago he left Stawell for Coromby, where he was engaged in agri cultural pursuits for 14 years. Eight years since he came to Horsham and took the Crown Hotel, of which he was the licensee up to within a few weeks of his death. A meeting of the directorate of the Wim- f mers Fruit Supply and Preserving Company was held on Friday afternoon. The business 1 was purely routine. The Minister of Education has intimated,by circular, his intention to hold an Arbor Day in connection with the schools in the Horshanl district on the 21st June, and he asks for the co-operation of the teachers in carrying out the work. Head teachers are required to advise the Minister whether or not the school groundis fenced; the number of trees necessary to plant the ground; the nearest railway station at which the trees could be delivered and what arrangements can be made for their conveyance from the station to the school; whether trees have previously been planted in the school reserve, and if so with what result. A special meetingof the Ladies' Benevolent Society was held in the Mechanics'Institute on Saturday, when there were present Mes dames Turner, Cross, Gray, Stafford, Druce, Johnstone, Peart, May, Rasmussen, Millar, Moon and MissBennett. Arrangements were made to supply warm clothing to four old people who were in urgent need. It was unanimously resolved to request the Horsham Mohawk Minstrel Club to withdraw the society's name from their advertisement, tickets, Sc., they not having authority for its use. At the Horsham district hospital on Friday, Dr. Ritchie, medical officer, successfully operated, for a painful affection of the blad der, upon an :old man named Gazner. Dr. White gave chloroform. \- At the Fire Brigade Hall this evening, Mr. R. Hamilton, principal of the Horsham College, will lecture on A Nicht wi' Burns. The meeting will be open to ladies and the public generally is cordially invited. The lecturer and his subject should attract a large audience. At Blackheath on Thursday next, May 4th, a field trial of the Quaker Seed Drill will be held at the farm of Mr. Joseph Wills, com mencing at 1 p.m. Messrs. May & Millar are the local agents. Henry Schiermann, farmer, Minyip, reports (through the " Police Gazette ") stolen at Mooralla, near Cavendish, betwveon the 20th December last and the 10th inst., 18 crossbred sheep, mixed ages and sexes, branded S with black on back, slit off ear, notch near ear. Charles Finkemer. farmer, Minyip, reports stolen at Mooralla, near Cavendish, between the 20th December last and the 10th inst. 12 merino sheep, mixed sexes and ages, branded CF in black on rump, top off of off ear, slit in near ear. Lambing has commenced'at the Longerenong station, and a per centage of fully 90 is ex pected. A special lot of a hundred ewes, kept separately, have returned a hundred per cent. The manager, Mr. Dalton, who has had a long Wimmera experience, does not remember an autumn so favorable to sheep owners as the present. .Mr. James Holden, of Walta Wella, on mustering last week found himself 150 sheep short. The police have what is apparently a case of sheep stealing in hand. The " Man in the Corner" writing in the "West Wimmera Mail says:-At the con clusion of the Presbyterian anniversary the 1 worthy chairman (the Rev. T. Gray) remarked that he thought the conduct of the audience was " as godd as that of an Horsham audience.' Mr..A. I. Hill would not let the statement go unchallenged, and in proposing a vote of thanks to the chairman drew attention to his remark and deemed it uncalled for. He thought a Natimuk audience was ' a jolly sight better" than a dHorsham audience, and his opinion was freely supported all round. I can only set down the chairman's utterance to the tea, for Sthe conduct of the "gods" of a Horsham audience is notorious. During the past few years I have attended the' Newobury-Spada, 1 isk Jubllee and other entertainments there, Sand the uproar at times was so bad as to cause a some of the artists to curtail their perform ances. A Natimuk audience has never yet in sulted a performer. Wednesday and Thursday, the 3rd and 4th May,have been gazetted public holidays in the Sshire of Glenielg, tihe occasion of the Casterton Races. Parliament has been further prorogued until the 6th prox.- It will probably not meet until the end of June. A "Ghost" has been walking in the Ararat SBotanical gardens lately. One lad who saw it has since been so ill from the scare as to be un able to loave his bed. The remains of the late Mr. Carl W. J. Wehl were interred inthe S'iawell cemetery. on Thursday. The funeral cortege was one of the largest that has been seen in the town. The coffin was covered with wreaths of beauti ful white flowers. The Rev. E. A. Radeliff, Church of England minister, officiated at the grave. On Wednesday last Messrs. Kimberley, H. Monument, F. Scheele, F. Bradshaw and G. Turnbull caught a large dog fox on the Walmer run, close to Horsham. Last week a black snake five feet'and a half long was encountered and killed on the Walmer run. In the opinion of the Kowree Shire health oificer, Dr. Hlalahan, the recent typhoid out break at Neuarpur, was caused by contamina tion of the local water suply. The creek, a chain of water holes, running by the house in which most of the cases occurred, drained an area of country on which are several resi ences in which there has been typhoid. I Cressard's Kyabram Hotel, consisting of 20 rooms, insured for £2000, was destroyed by, Sfire, early on Saturday moraning. The occu pants escaped with only their nightclothen. Mr. James Green, butcher, of Yarrowongsa, who about three weeks sRthce was seriously in jured by a cleaver thrown at him by hisson SAlfred died on Friday. The son has been com mitted for trial for murder, the iury adding that he had received great provocation. Miss M. Hastie has been appointed a De puty Electoral Registrar for the Nhill Division of the" Lowan Electorate, in place of Miss A. Murphy resigned; and Mr. G. Russell, acting Registrar of Births and Deaths, vice Miss A. L M.Beavis, resigned. The Karkarooc Shire Council proposes to purchase, for £250, its present rented build Sings, at Hopetoun; and to increase the salary of thesecretary by £50ayear. Or. Laaelles has been elected to represent the shire on the Wimamera United Water Works Trust, The Kowree Shire Council has agred, the motion of Cr. T. Grace, seconded by Cr. Knight, to procure evidence in support of the Hopetoun route for the Miildra railway line The many friends she has all over the d trict will learn with regret of the death ofoi S. J. Bradley, daughter of Mr. and M[lrJd Bradley, of the Victoria Hotel, Nhill, whic occurred from typhoid fever on Friday. The lamented young lady, who was 25 years of was getting on exceedingly well, when she sa fered a relapse that had a fatal result Hai body will be taken to Adelaide for burial This week a trial railway survey will be commenced simultaneously from both end, from Hopetoun to Wentworth. The line will be run from Hopetoun through Wathe Yallum, via Kulkyne, on to Mildura and Wentworth. A party of surveyors has run a blazed line from Wentworth to that place, the work occupying five weeks. Every three miles the country was inspected for a distance of 10 miles each side of the line. Com. Thos. Grace, of Goroke, has been unanimously appointed chairman of the Fsw. ree Shire Water Works Trust. Mr. Harrisn0 has been appointed treasurer to the trust, in succession to Mr. John English, who has re signed. ON THE FoUrm PAGE of thisiss(ue wlbe found reports of the Kowree Shire Conunil and Waterworks Trust and Social Notes. On Saturday, May 13, at their Horsia yards, Messrs. Young Bros. will a special se of stock, including six stallions. Also on the same day the well improved farm of Mr. E. W. Watters, in the parish of Lowan, cano taiinng 422 acres. Particulars of both sal appear in our auction columns. Messrs. Young Bros., Moon & Sinclair, Jones & McCann, McCabe & Hodder, and Broadbent Bros. & Co. advertise that they have chemical and other manures for sale. Mr. F. Dennis,of Young's Irrigation Colony, intimates in another column that he is po pared to prune orchards and small gardens. Tenders for works at the Goroke show yards are advertised. Lands available are advertised. The Wimmera Shire Council invites tenden for road work, and estimate they will pay ppr tion of the Irrigation Trust rate on all rates paid before September 30th ; also that a list of defaulters is ndw in the hands of the solicitor for recovery of rates. MIr. Shanasy, dentist, will visit Horsham and maybe consulted at the Royal :lotelron Tuesday next, 9th May. Parcels are at the Horsham railway station for W. J. Doyle, R. G. Fincham, Devli, Mirs. Clarke, Miss Blundell, P. Stevens, A. Hocking, Lucks Sing, Rev. Mallalieu, H. Bell, J. W. Davis, C. Young, W. Sack, R Cossar. Accounts are awaiting payment at the Horsham Sub-Treasury for W. Giles, R Sisson, A. F. Weight, J. E. Billingham, A Sprigg, J. Sprigg. There are now 17 typhoid cases in t Warracknabeal hospital. Of 53 typhoid use treated in the institution since 30th June, ISi only two have proved fatal. Police Trooper Kroon, some time since trano ferred from Nhill to Tatura, is again seriouay ill. Some sensation was caused on the departin of the Penguin for Tasmania on Friday, by the appearance on the wharf of a girl, the men tral figure in a recent sensational inquest, to bid farewell to a medical friend, also unples santly connected with the case. Queen Victoria, at present staying inthe south of France, on Friday opened a bridrest Nice, which, as a compliment to the notiu and Her Majesty, was named the Victodh bridge. An extraordinary series of crimes has bee brought to light at Breslau, one of the larget cities en Germany. A man named Hermann has been placed on his trial charged with bar. ing murdered his wife and hidden her body in his cellar, and with having poisoned hosll childten in their infancy. He is also accused of having committed other murders. The strike of coal miners which lately took place at Charlerio and Mons, in Belgium, is spreading. Eight days ago 22,000 men had ceased work, demanding an increase of 20 per cent. in their wages. Now the number of strikers is 48,000. The Russian Government have decided to adopt the Gregorian Calendar as from the tb 3 ginning of the year 1900. The English Farmers' Association have bee fined the sum of £40 on the charge of offeri. for sale colonial mutton, under the naut d Welsh mutton, by which means they he been deceiving the public. The Public Service Board has found that the charge preferred against Dr. Watkin, Medical Supermintendent of the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, of assaulting the matron, Mrs. Irwin, and displaying want of proper tact and temper in carrying out his duties, has been proved, and has recommended the reduction of his salary from £850 to £820 a year. DMrs. Irwin ha been found guilty of insubordination and inos Slence to Dr. Watkin, and it it recommended that she be retired, but retain her pension rights. John Wren, tote proprietor and John Cul. SIlen, law clerk, were on Friday acquitted of conspiring to commit subornation of perjury. Mt r. Justice Hood, summing up, reflected very adversely on the conduct of the detectives can cerned in the case, especially upon the asb surdity of their coaching witnesses in their evidence. The verdict was received with strong demonstration of pleasure in court. MIr. Zox, M.P., chairman; Drs. Embling and Maloney, members, and Mr. Robertson, secretary of the Habitual Drunkards Inquiry Board, had a narrow escape at. Drysdde on Friday. They were driving down a steepYl when the horses swerved into an embankment and upset the trap. Dr. Maloney was thrown off the box, escaping with slight injuries to hbi arm and knees. -Mr. Zox received a rathe severe shaking and was stunned for a shoe I time. The rest got off without serious injury. B On Friday afternoon the funeral of the li Mr. George Reynold Rippon, proprietr of the oHamilton "Spectator." took place. The fonl tributes were received from all parts of the district, and the attendance was very large. Several public bodies and the lodge of Free Smasons, headed by the town band, walked in front of the hearse. The staff of the "Speete Sto" followed after the mourning coaches t The trial of Frank Ward for the murder of r larke Singh, a Sikh hawker, at MfountMary, W.A., was concluded on Friday. The Chid SJustice summed up against the aenused,t the jury, after an adjournment of tiers i quarters of an hour, brought in a verdidL not guilty, on the ground of insanity stalt that they considered VWard was not fitto atlarge. The Chief Justice ordered thatWil should be kept in gaol during the Governors pleasure. Alfred laIorey, a lad 16 years of age, vw Friday, by lIr. Judge Hood, sentenced ts' month's imprisonment with hard labor and to beonce whipped, privately, 10 strokes, withs n birch, for criminally assaulting a littleoilt Hawthorn. He made piteous ap pealsfr nmercy, od was resmoved from the maur?o. insensibility. A petition for almii?tP tion of the sentence is in course of signatnre 