'BEYOND THE VAAL,' • * i A Story of thtf Transvaal "War. (Eights Reserved.) Walter D. White ] CHAPTER Vlf. Barbara Refuses an Offer of Marriage. Fooling just a littlo overheated and fatigued with her walk through the charm ing gardens in the vicinity of ' Heidolberg,' Barbara had thrown herself upon a ruBtio seat at the baBe of a towering oak, through whose veiling foliage she could, as tho light snmmer breezo stirrud the myriad leaves into life and activity, faintly perceive the rugged outlines of the groat mountain, standing, sentinel like, keeping watoh and ward over tho beautiful groves at his feot. She was half sitting, half lying, tho attitude displaying to the fullest advantage . hor rounded form and the graco of hor splondid figure. Her bat was at hor feot—, alio had taken it off for greater coolness— j and the soft zephyrs playfully lifted the ravon trosBeB which fell in undulating waves from her shapely head to hor waist. Hor boautiful oyes of richest hazel, peeping out through tho parted curtains of ourling lashes, were apparently fixed upon somo far-away objeot; the lovely face was a trifle palor than UBUal. Saving for the rising and falling of tho rounded breasts beneath tho neatly-fitting summer costume of spot less white, or an occasional movement of, tbo oyos, she might have been lifeleBB—so, quiot and still waa this South African boauty. This particular seat, beneath tbe thickly-spreading branches of tiio old oak, was much favorod by Barbara, who nearly , always repaired thither when in a thoughtful framo of mind, or when desirous of reading her favorite, Longfellow, without fear of , boing disturbed. jj She was medicating deeply now. Hor 3 thoughts were far away across the heated j Natalian plains, and beyond them again to 3 tbo other side of the rugged passes of tbe ] mighty Drakensberg. Barbara- was reflect- j ing upon tho oondition of affairs in tbe ] Transvaal, tho country of hor birth, and j tbo intense excitement prevailing through-' out that land. From what she had learnod j on her way down to 'Heidelberg,' she felt i certain that war would eventuates between tbo Boers and the English. Yos, war might oast its dread shadow over tho land at any hour. ' What a dreadful thing it is,' she solilo- ' qnised, 1 tlidt men, created by the sarao Father, should strive against and fight with each other. What does it really signify who holds the Transvaal ? God's sun shines out day after day for all His creaturos ; His rain falls on all, refreshing and revivifying tbe broad earth and man and beast alike ; the j land is tho common heritage of all men. Then why do they fight—why do they kill each other ? Boer and Englishman prny to tbo same God ; they dio tho common death ; they will possibly meot iu the great Here after! • Why. not be friends, joining hand in band with eaoTr other in a bond of brother hood and peace ? Life is so brief; all our pleasures so fleeting, so evanescent, bo shadowy—our pains so real and terrible. Why do men pray for peaco and carry the sword in their hands?' Why, indoed ! And then, as was niatural in tho circumstances, her thoughts reverted to the handsome young English officer with nhnm she had danoed at the ball in Capetown nigh twelvo months ago. He was now in the Transvaal; she had heard he wns at tached to the staff of Sir Owen Linyon. If tho expected war broke our he would bo right in the midst of it. What if ho should be killed ? The thought Beemed to ohoke tbe life out of hor. 1 Did she really care for him—didvshe love him ?' was.the queation sho asked herself, as she idlyb&pped; the dead loaves lying in a heap at her feet. Often had sho put this question to herself of late. Looking, as it were, into the innermost reoeBses of ber heart, she repeated the momentuods ques tion again—• Can I, do I really lovo this man ?' Swiftly the answer camo as the hot southern blood mounted to her cheeks, stirring her whole being with a s'rango feeling of happiness she never remembered to have experionced before. ' L'>ve him!— yes, eliojdid love him—for him she would cheerfully yield up life with all its hopes and joys—sho would willingly dio for Neville Savage.' Then she grow paler as the tantalising thought occurred to her. 'Does hocaro for me?' Possibly hfo did, just a little bit. The crimson tide surged haok again, reddening the beautiful face, as she remembered the warm pressure of the band and the soft eloquence of the eyes Which looked into hers beneath the flashing lights at the carnival many moons ago. On subsequent occasions, too, when they had met, he had been so kind, bo thoughtful, so ohivalrous in his bearing towards her, and thon she had heard from a lady friend who was about to marry one of the officers of tho — th, that «Lieutenant Savage had not forgotten the belle of the labt ball.' Ho was so handsome, so manly, so dis tinguished, and such a gentlemen. No wonder some of the Boers disliked the Englishmen. They were as far removed by nature from tho British officers she had met as was the sneaking jaokalfrom the lordly lion—the monaroh of the African solitudes. No, she would never wed a Boor. Bottor death than puoh a fato Tho.ipoving shadow of a man falling athwart the pathway in front of her startled Barbara from her reverie. Hastily turning hor head, to hor compete and utter astonishment she behold the bvil-looking visage of Rendrik Steinbaoh, who, following literally the advice offered by old Oronjie, had come to pr&ss; his suit in person and learn his fate from the lips of Barbara herself. Never dreaming that • anyone would disturb hor in her resting plaoo, she had not noticed the approaoh of the Boer, until with his stealthy, tiger- like step, ho was at hor side.' 'Dear Lord, how lovely ehe looks, Jmutfcerod Hendrik to himself as ho stood , gazing at her. ' Fine day, Miss Barbara,' he said, raising his hat in a clumsy manner. Barbara took no notice of his proffered hand. She felt the touch of this man would pollute hor; she had been thinking of Neville Savage and here was this rude unmanly Boor thrusting his unwelcome presence upon her. Why had he crossed her path? What did he' want with hor? Sho would have turned her back upon him, but for fear of offending tho man. Having an instinotivo dread of the Boer, Bhe had latterly avoided him whenever it was possible to do so. Barbara had no desire to quarrel with Hendrik—she was too light hearted and sunny a disposition to quarrel with anyone unless forced to do so—knowing him to bo a dangerous character when aroused; and besides he possessed great influence on the other side of tho Yaal. If war took place, ' All by yourself, eh ?' queried the Boer. ' Yes,' replied Barbara, affeoting to take no notice of his steadfast and sinister gaze. With a woman's quick intuition and ready insight she had divined the Boer's mission in soeking this interview with her He had sought her out to ask her to become his I wife. She felt certain of this; Aunt Anna had said he intended to speak with her I upon the subject directly a fitting op I portunity offered. Well he could say what j he liked—she would never give her hand in marriage to a Boer. Wore he President of thejmuoh talked of South African Bepublio Bhe would refuse to marry Heiidrik Stein bach—the man she knew to be a traitor, a coward, and a murderer. ' Miss Barbara,' he began, 1 coming down on the "Dankeld"I wanted to say some thing to you but you did not give me a ghost of a ohanae ; I saw Oom Croojie a little wbiie ago and asked him to let you be my wife—.!' Barbara started violently, and her oheeks flashed just -a little as she listened to the Boer; but, checking the angry words that rose to her lips and controlling her temper by a great effort, she permitted him to pro ceed without interruption. ' Yon know,' the Boer continued, ' it is said woman was created for man and man for woman, and once when attending Naacbtmaal near Lydenborg, I herd the predikant say " whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder." Now we are not exaotly joined together, but— ' While he was speaking Barbara had risen from, her peat and gathered' her dress together as if meditating a precipitate flight in order to plaoe herself ont of reaoh of the insulting remarks of this man. ' I won't keep you long,' be said, notioing her movement, bear me out; I am rich and powerful and well liked by everybody. Why don't yon like me, Barbara—I have always loved you. I want you—I have always wanted yoa ever sinoe I first saw you in Bloemfontein.' She was standing ereot now, her obeeks flushed with anger and excitement. The blood was leaping in her veins—a wave of florco indignation swept over her, the feel ing natural to a pure woman when con fronting and opposing baseness and mean ness in whatever shape or form. Barbara felt humiliated and ashamed. Why had this man dared to obtrude his hateful presence upon her, to offend her sonse of hearing with his lying tale of love for her, when gleaming in his eyes was visible tho baleful fire of passion. His wife, indeed! The wife of Hendrik Steinbach—No, a thousand timos no! How proud, how queenly, how superbly beautiful she looked as she stood there bathed in the rich gold of the morning sunlight, her hair streaming atiown her white neck and parting over her rounded shoulders. For a brief space as she faced the Boer he felt almost afraid of her. He knew Barbara had a strong will, a proud masterful spirit, and a temper, when thoroughly roused ; but he scarcely expeoted to find her in this mood. But he liked a woman with a spirit; he could not endure a meek-hearted oreature. As he gazed at her his mad passion again took possession of his whole nature. His mind was made up—he would marry this magnificent woman—he would gain her hand, if he could not gain , her heart, even if he had to wade through rivers of blood to obtain her. She was worth winning. What a splendid wife she would make him and how siie would aid him in his ambitious designs, if only he could prevail upon her to accept him. ' Well, what do you say, Barbara,' he demanded. ' I want a wife—will you marry me V And then, thinking to humour her, he continued j ' Don't answer hurriedly; take time; I enn wait a little—only a little though,' he added, reflectively. ' When you and T are married you will forget all about the rooibaatjie. the Englishman who was sneaking around after you while you were in Capetown' Verily it is the last Btraw that breaks thB oamel's baok! Ere the words were out of his mouth Hendrik preoeived be bad gone too far. A look of fierce hatred and nnoontrollable anger passed over Barbara's face as she tarned on the Boer, and for the moment he was fearful lest she should spring upon him. Proud, passionate, and defiant sho made a magnificent picture as, smarting under the words, whioh had ont her like the stripes from a sjambok of rbinooeros hide, she faced the ill-bred ruffian who had so grossly inBnlted ber. Tho Dutchman waB completely dumb founded by tho suddenness of the cbango in her demeanour. Orost-fallon and thoroughly abashed, ne drew back a little. ' Hendrik Steinbach,' Bho said, oilmiug horsolf by a groat effort, ' why have you Bought mo out to insult mo and to insult a gentleman who is my friend ? Why have you thrust your hateful prosenoe upon me ? So far I havo toleratod your oompany at " The Eraal " and in other plaoes simply beoause I did not wish to hurt your feelings. Henoefortb I desiro you to understand that your prosonco will bo rogardod by mo as an insult. As for tbo gentleman yon havo referred to, ho is woll able to defend himself. Only a oar liko you would allude 1 to ao absent man in the manner you did, Go—I loiafcbe and abhor yoa. As for your insulting offnr of marriage I Boom it as I aoorn the man who has made it. Marry yoa, indeed, u Boer, a so-called " patriot," , a traitor, and a mnrderer 1' ] A deadly pallor overspread the Boer's | face. He was unable to reply to Barbara's fierce attaok ; almost instinotively bis hand sought his belt, attached to which was the. keen-bladed hunting knife he invariably oarried about with him. ' What did this girl know,' he asked himself, 1 who had told her he had Bhot the woman he had called wife for the brief space of one year.' i Recovering from his fright, he laughed . loudly and defiantly. j Barbara had notioed the movement of his band as he grasped the handle of the knife. | Her eyes flashed a look of supreme oon- ' tempt at the Boer, as she proceeded : ' Yes, 1 I know all about you and your career. Had you kept aloof from me your secret would have remained buried in my breasfc^-you see I know everything; all about the Boer girl—old Van Hight's daughter—whom you shot in oold blood near Lydenburg, some four years ago. Marry you—marry a oowardly murderer! No, I would sooner plunge a dagger into my heart then bear, your, name I' ' By God,' exclaimed the Boer, in a voice hoarse with rage and fear, ' you shall repent having uttered that lie. Takd that state ment back or I'll choke you outright. Listen, Barbara,' he went on, seizing her roughly by the wrist, ' whether you like it' or not I will have you for my wife. I have sworn it—you shall be mine,' he hissed. i 'Never, you coward,' replied the girl,, wrenching her arm from his grasp and stepping back a pace or two. ' Daro to touch me again and I will bury this in your .dastardly heart.' As she uttered tho words, ohe drew a small daggar from her bosom and lifted it ready to strike. The Boer paused. A coward at heart, he dared not advance, as he knew Barbara, would keep her word. How he hated her at that moment. Her outspoken courageous exposure of the man had humbled and crushed tho bullying, swaggering nature of, the ' terror of the veldt.' He spoke again, this time in softer tones. ' Look here, Barbara, it is true what you Bay. I did shoot that woman—she made me mad. She put a devil into mo and I put a bullet into her and buried hor out on' the veldt. No one knows where ehe lies. You are driving mo mad, Barbara. I love you and you throw aside my love ; but have you I will, sooner or later, and then I'll tame your pretty spirit. The war is nearly upon us and when once we run up our flag in Pretoria we will shoot all the English and the rooibaatjie Savage, too, and then what will you do? You will marry me then, Barbara ?' he queried, in a mocking. tone. • You coward, to threaten * the life of a man who has never harmed you. Mr Savage ' ' Ah, you love him, do you; I know it now; but my day will come and then I'll Btrip him of his fine feathers and give his body to the vultures. You can save him if you like; but you ' - • ' Leave me, you villain, or I shall do you. some injury,' saidJBarbara. ' Oh that Mr Savage were here.' 'Ourae the rooibaatjie,' ejaoulated the Boer, now almost choking with rage, and advancing upon her. (To bb Continued.) 