OUR PARIS LETTER. Fbom Ouk Own Cokbispondent. ... BLbjs, April 29. - The Dreyfus Case. Now tliat nil the evidence Riven Before the ' 'Appeal Court on the Dreyfus affair is pub lished or well known, there should bono more -delay in pronouncing the vcrdiot. The "fatiguo is very general over ' the whole Einatter. There is no distinct' current of opinion formed about tho plot -or mystery, as compared with some -.months ago, all is now relatively calm. The .most stalwart adversaries of Droyfns have he- tome inoculated with doubt, and that, is a riair preparation towards fair play nnd conver sion. Tlio evidence of the Marquis ds . Galliffet is ranked, as the' ' best given- brief, soldier-like, straight, and to. bo expected from' an officer and a gentleman. General Saussier saw no palpable proofs of tho misconduot of Droyfns, so would have nothing to do with the engineering of the charge. -Foreign Minister Hanotaux likowiso refused 'to be canght in tbo plans of tbo schemers. ' He would not undertake to accuso any . sovereign of writing a treasonable letter to Dreyfus on the mere assertion of a salaried S' wpy who continued to conceal-liis identity. All through the unhappy business the ( enemies of Dreyfus huso their belief in his I- guilt . upon inferences and suppositions, there are drawn from documents l whose . authenticity is difficult to accept -off hand, and that in addition admit <: of an opposite interpretation. But all these conjectural conclusions emanate from : documents apparently fabricated to moot | inextricable situations ; thoy did not figure f in tho indictment against Droyfns ; only tho r forged hordorcau was there utilised ns the r -damning dooument. -Tlio friends) of justice I simply demand that that broken down process !. take place again' on the evidence then laid f before the accused, and that no seoret papers be i - shown to his judges behind his hack. If I acquitted or convicted, when fairly heard in ; open court, tho pnblio will bow to the verdict. I If it be decided to arraign him, weighty i facts must bo adducod' and the mountains of ; infcrences-niado to vanish like ghosts at cock- crow. Captain Cuionzt. I Captain Cuignot only figures in the Drey- I /fus imbroglio in the latter days of its history — that of u'fow mouths ago. He was an or- i dinary professional employee at tho War : Office. But he had a sharp pair of eyes and i a logical turn of mind. When M. Cavnignao ; was nominated Minister of War, ho set Cap- I tain Cuignet to put all tho documents cou- 1 uceted with tho Dreyfus agitation in i methodical order. Wliilo so occupied lie was i astonished to find notable contradictions in : . "tho matter of Colonel Henry's conclusive ; proofs of tlio trouson of Dreyfus, uud utrango differences in the quality of paper, t He communicated . his finds directly to H, L Cavoignao, who would not hesitate to sacri- S lice bis father if guilty of a misdemeanour. After studying tlio material proofs, hosum- moned Colonel Henry to his bureau, where two generals were presout, and the result was Herny confessed ho had f orgod tho documents, deceived tho War Office, and bamboozled the Chamber of Doputics. Ho was immediately . arrested, imprisoned in the fortress of Mont. I 'Valorion, and next morning ho was found I dead, und his throat gashed. That tragic \ scene gave a shako to public opinion. Tlio forged documents were of a character far abovo Henry's intellectual powor. Who inspired him ? Who was- at his elbow? was demanded on all sides. Then followed quickly tho placing of Colonel du Pnty on the retired ) list by War Minister Cnvaignnc, his own cousin. Tho ovidonce of Captain Cuignot -throws, an olcotric light on this stago of tho i plot. It was, according to this evidence. ' Colonel du Paty who prepared, executed, and" i handed in tho foijAirira' to . his croiiture, 1 Colonel Henry. E«? Paty was the '.'veiled lady," tlio "Blanche," and "Speranza"oftho telegrams intended to ruin Colonel Ficquart, ; the author of the concoctod telegrams from . the Gerrann and Italian embassies, and no doubt of the " bordereau " and some very . ugly forged memoranda. Tho trend of ' opinion is to accept the captain's explanc- . tion. Ho is satisfied, but does not produce ; the tangible proofs, of tho culpuhility of i Dreyfus. That is not tho question at issue, | but was ho justly tried, and according to law? And why wore alleged compromising documents revealed to the five judges of the . court-martial when they retired to consider ; their verdict, and withhold from Dreyfus nnd : his counsel? Thut is tho pivot point of the horrible illegality. Ono can never conclude ! iu advance what dooisiou a public body may come to ; but this is to bo said, that tho 'con- , I duot of tho Court of Appeal has boon a model -of eorreotnoss, ; The Peace C'ongbbss. "As tho poriod for holding tlio Peace Con- r gresB approaches opinion follows tho move- ! meiit froni curiosity. But 110 headway is i being made in tho matter of confidence in any i practical issues. Franco has no heart in tho I millennium not of her ally. -The Mayor of i St. Petersburg is visiting Paris. Indeed, r when Russia tins any sohemo 011 the stocks i she manages to havo some illustrious citizen just in the niok of timo in tho city of light. I The Municipal Council gave their municipal ) visitor a municipal lunch, but the populace \- displayed uo gusli. The conference at tho Hague promises, not to opon with smiling ; prospeots. The German delegate from Munich is openly hostile to the conference, and Turkey i has signified her intention to movo in ; lino with Germany. All .will depend upon what programme the Czar will hand in for I Russia, and what guarantees ho will give that his Ministers will libido by such a programme. Tho Socialists will hold their International Congress simultaneously with that of tho Powers. They will vote tho abolition of all armies and navies item. con. That is thoir \- short out and propaganda for peace. No 0110 but wishes the tormiuiition of armaments more or less bloated; but sentiment has nothing to do iu tho mutter. Practical nnd decisive opinion says to tho Czar, "l'roduco your sohemo." Then tho world will bo ublo to judgo. Fine words butter no parsnips ; could not a uhook bo put on tho high fiilntiu r.bout. immunity and pence ? Sydney Smith confessed tliut ut ono time he was so onrageil at beiug culled a philanthropist that lie re solved to kill n hilby to dissipate tho charge. M. Saiidou. "Whenever M. Sardou brings out a new plav ho always heralds its coming with nips of information to the papers. At tlio same time ho will submit to an interview, but it must he limited to tho linos lie lays down, nnd : it will include a section or a slico of his life hitherto uuknowu. It is thus that we loam that his ancestors belonged to - a tribe wliioli : ctune from Provonoe and settled on the borders -of the Mediterranean, nonr Cannes. Tho : principal occupation of tho tribe was to ' light among themselves und to practise i the vendetta. Tho villago consisted of i ono street, which ut night was chained and 1 barred at each end. His grandfather saw tho i young Goncral Napoleon aviso in tho village, and who knowing ono of tho inluibitnnts conversed with him for n long time, while his i army of all ranks and conditionsof men, ill-fed, : ill- clothed, and ill-armed, dofiled past. "Do I yon know why I havo inurohedmy army thus I bofore ine ? If I marched at thoir head, the i-men would holt ,back into France lihe : rabbits." His futlior was 111 class in tho ' village school, tho master was giving his ; lesson in arithmetic on u blnokboavd, baok to ' the class. Tlio hoys saw from the schoolroom window a bearskin oup pass by, then another and another ; at last a general oame in . viow, Cambrouuo — all iu gold and plume3 ; I by this tho boys lind tukou oif their ) wooden shoes, stole out, nnd followed the soldiers ; lutor tho schoolmaster, on turning i round, fouiid that ho had no pupils. Surdou's ! father was a toaohor of bookkeeping and : aritlimotio, and oamo to Paris in 1831, the ' yeur of tho dramatist's birth. Thore \ was nothing ovontful in Surdou's in- funoy, beyond trundling his hoop, . committing Moliore's plays to memory, ; and stealing over tho piilissndo into tho deserted garden nnd grounds of Bonu- miirolmis, to outoli butterflies. This was in . tlio dreary roign of the Bastille. Tho father having, got into difficulties, returned to . Cannes; but Victoriou Surdou remained iu . Paris; ho ivus destitute of everything— all his ', goods und chattels were limited to tho Bounty ' ' : clothing on his buck. He rented for 1 frano per week, a cookloft ' lumber-room, with the right to use any of < /. tbo old sticks; ho lived on fried potutoes.uud . 7 a bottlo of water wiis his bovcruge. Tlio . street- he lived iu was that iu which the hor- rible old morgue was situated, sloping down to the Seine. Occasionally, for qhango pf nit, ho was allowed to cat his fried potatoes in tho window of -the- soller, and passed long hours writing plays ; lie never for n moment lost confidence iu .his! succeeding ns'a dramatist. Ho had occasional jobs ; copying plays for tho Odeon Theatre; as a library olerk, a toaclier of arithmetic,, und a professor of languages. It was in . .teaching' that he surpassed. Pactolus arrived in the form of an ongugemout to tench a young .Egyptian, Skander Bey, western civilisation three times a week, at 6 francs per ... lesson. His father was Colonel Selves, commander of Ibraihom Pacha's cavalry, who had become' Mussulman - to. escape the risk of being assassinated by his men. Sardou estimutcd Sltandcr us tlio pcurl of his pedagogic career. On the inauguration of the Suez Canal, Sardou begged his friend, Edmon'd About, to make some inquiries at Cairo about liis former pupil, Skander ; he did so ; Skander hud becom'o the type of tho most fossilised Mussulman, uud About precipitately decamped) thanking all the Egyptian gods nud goddesses from the period of trie shepherd kiugs, thut he hud escaped being bastinudoed.. 'Ever since Sardou takes no interest in tlio Egyptian question. Foreign Journalism. Quito an epidemic lias sot in for. starting now English journals "for" Paris. Thu shoots arc printed in London and innde up of stereotyped matter, mora or less connected witli Franco. These ventures have only the. life of the roso. There is no room for any English or American journal in this-oity. Tho " long felt want" has becnlongsiipplie'd. nnd thore are no ndvcrtisomcnts to pick up. The New York Jleriild aud Me Matin, both jmblished here, luivo n special .wive, to . aindon, with liberty, according to contract, to tap the news of the Timis before its being given to tho public, und in timo for their editions hero. Also, a Loudon daily pupor can bo sent to Paris for l.Jd. or 2 J d . , und received at 7 o'clock iu tho evening. . . Invasion of. England. No importance is attuchcd to tho skit in the Petit Journal of a now plautoinviulc England. Tho French do not dream of any invasion, ns reprisals might precipitate tlio adventure. Instead of wasting timo over such non sense, why not labour to oxeoute a good commercial treaty with porfidiouB . Albion ? Russia is looking ut her intorests from that standpoint, und if she could be relied upon, thut solution would be more valuable tliim u congress to whittle down bloated urinaments; Mad.uik Calve. Mudnino Calve, tho operatic singer, declares thut in ordering licr tomb iu advance she has no intention of anticipating the natural dute of her death. She is said to ho suffering from melancholia. In any case tho sepulchral monument will bo sliowu at tlio 1900 exhi bition. That is something. Why not Surah Bernhardt lend her pro-prepared cedar coffin to keep tho tomb company ? Miscellaneous. The polios havo not yet dropped on tho false nun who engaged 20 young aud pretty girls in tbo region of Ccttc, to accept her offer of securing employment. The girls embarked on a special boat in waiting for a fow hours' yachting, but the boat sailed away for good. A person has been condemned to eight months' iinprisoninoiit, a fine of 60 francs, and the bill-posting of the sentenco over tlio city, for selling "potted bare, partridges, ducks, and woodcocks," which were composed of horseflesh. The article waa admirably niadu up, and sbowv, und was even pro nounced excellent, by " good judges." A liiz.y law student cnguged a solicitor's clerk to personate hint, to pass his examina tion at the Faculty of Law. Tlio examiners were shocked at bis ignorance, nnd tlio secre tary at. his " boldness " ut bis alleged ago— 20\. Tho trick was then discovered. 