AN AUSTRALIAN AUTHORESS. THE LIFE AND CAREER OF MISS ETHEL TURNER. (BY A 'SUNDAY TIMES', SPECIAL.) In a beautiful cottage on the heights of Balmoral, surrounded by a veritable forest, with the song birds whistling their sweet melodies and the bracing and uncontami- nated breezes from the blue Pacific, rustling through the trees, lives Miss Ethel Turner, the Australian authoress whose works have earned her a world-wide reputation. Though Australia claims the lady as its own, it is Yorkshire (England) which has the honor of being her birthplace, for it was there in 1872— or 26 years ago— that she was born, her father being a well known manufacturer and distinguished scholar, while her mother was also fond of writing. When but a little dot of eight her pa rents came to Sydney and little Ethel was despatched to the Girls' High School. Where, in addition to distinguishing her self as a very bright pupil, she practically commenced her literary career. Though since that time she has gained consider able popularity for the work she has written, to quote Byron, and as she checr-. fully admits. — 'Much blank verse and blanker prose, And more of both than anyone knows,'' for at the age of 13 she wrote a three volume novel! But a good idea of her un published work may be gathered from the introduction to her latest book. "The Camp at Wandinong,' which she has dcdicated to her sister Lillian, and in which she writes:—. _ 'It seems but yesterday when you were 15— I not far behind— and one of us was suddenly seized with a desire to write something, and immediately the other was seized with the same overwhelming desire. Had we not all our little lives done every thing together, and cared for nothing the other could not share? We used to lock the bedroom door, and write at the old marble washstand that was so generously roomy; no housewifery has ever been able since to take those inkstains from its sur face. Do you remember the characters we conjured up? Our heroes with their proud black eyes and their invaluable habit of grinding their heels into the gravel in moments of annoyance? My heroines who had brown starry, heavily-lashed eyes, and were always attired in clinging cream dresses, with one crimson rosebud nestling in their regal coronets of hair? Yours, who had dreamy violet orbs, wore robes of dead white silk on every possible and impossible occasion, and were always drawing their slim, willowy figures up to their full height and gazing at their persecutors in noble indignation? Oh, the paper we wasted, and the lessons we left undone that ought to have been done! Oh, the candles that burnt to their last breath and used to flicker and go out near midnight, just when the whispered reading of closely written pages reached the most thrilling point! You were never satisfied with your stories unless you could work in a murder, and your most harmless people used to kill each other for entirely insufficient reasons; I was never happy unless my favorite character or characters died on beautiful death beds to slow music. Do you remem- ber that story I wrote where, when I scribbled 'Finis' (we scorned the word end'), there was no one left alive but the old faithful servant — I mean retainer?' While at school Miss Turner edited 'The Iris.' a journal to which all the pupils wrote short stories for prizes, and sub sequently Miss Ethel and her sister Lillian conjointly edited 'The Parthenon,' a little journal which was brightly written, and ran for three years. But it was after leaving school that Miss Turner became fairly launched upon her literary career by writing short stories for a number of journals, until in 1894 she wrote her first book, 'The Seven Little Australians.' That one effort immediately established her name. The manuscript was read by the Australian representative of Messrs. Ward, Lock and Bowden, and no sooner had he glanced at a couple of pages than he came to the conclusion that he was perusing the work of a writer of great ability. Following this, 'The Story of a Baby' and 'The Family at Misrule' were written — practically together — and appeared the following year. The young authoress was not greatly infatuated with the latter, and when she had written twen ty chapters she attempted to burn it, but was fortunately dissuaded from her in tention and finished it, though much against her will. Each year since then Miss Turner has averaged one book, those which have so far been published being 'The Little Lar rikin,' 'Miss Bobby,' and 'The Camp at Wandinong,' the last-mentioned of which only came to hand a few weeks ago. Miss Turner, like most other writers, only works when she is in the humour. Then she works very rapidly but only for four or five hours a day, mostly in the morning. She considers it altogether im possible for a writer to work any longer and do good work. For weeks, and some times months at a stretch, she does not lift her pen. Her characters are chiefly drawn from the imagination, though occasionally she introduces studies from life. First she pic tures the characters in her mind's eye, and then she carries them about with her until finally she feels they are real people. Miss Turner always has her work well in ad vance, and she ascribes her regularity to the fact that she received a good start with her first book. The success which has attended her books may easily be imagined when it is stated that already 100,000 of them have been sold. 'The Seven Little Australians' has reached its seventh edition (about 30,000), while 'The Little Larrikin' is al ready in its fourth. Several of them have been translated into foreign languages, including the German, Dutch, Danish, and Swedish, while several of her short stories have been translated into French. Another proof of the young lady's suc cess and popularity was afforded recent ly, when the 'Gentlewoman' selected a writer from each of the colonies- -Canada, India, Australia, &c.; to contribute a story for its Imperial Christmas Number. Miss Ethel Turner being chosen to represent this colony. Her story; 'The Black Ghost,' was illustrated by Mr. B. A. Minn, while Mr. Percy F. Spence. and Mr. Arthur Streeton also had illustrations in the same issue. Of all her works, Miss Turner prefers 'The Little Larrikin,' though why she does not know, except perhaps that she gave it the greatest amount of time, care, and thought, and became passionately fond of the little larrikin himself before she had finished. Her next year's novel, 'Three Little Maids,' was posted to London a week ago, and in it she will tell the story of her first book. The succeeding year's novel is al ready in her head, but at the present it has not crystallised, as the lady is exceedingly busy on short story work for the English magazines. Miss Turner married Mr. Curlewis, B.A., L.L.B., a local barrister, whose great great grandfather, Edward Smith Hall, was editor of the 'Monitor,' one of the earliest daily papers published in this colony. She has a pretty daughter, ten months old, named Ethel Jean. Will the public be introduced to the little one in a future book by her gifted mother? We shall see. 