Hope the Hermit. CHAPTER XXI7. BlOOLLBOTIOIB OF MlOH ABt. DbBWBKT. I remembered with a pang thit probably tbt next time they ranp a peal it would be for her marriage with the Uoder-Slieriff, whtoh they told me bad been fixed'' for next month : it almost eoemed b,b if she read my thoughts, for suddenly » burning bluib rote in ber obeek, and her eyes grew bright, as if with nnibed tears. 'The 'belli ring booiaie of King William's Tlotory in the Battle of the Boyne.' I replied, ' and baoanse King Jamei has deserted the Irish as he deierted the EnRlisb, and ia by this time no doubt Bafely in Franoo. The sows has ' been long 'in- reaching us, for the battle, they a»y, was foqgbt on the firat of this month ; we are ?lwaja tomewbat behind the time in theie parti.' . 'Theoyoo tbink tbe oountry ia oat of dan ger ? ' she aiked, with anxioui eyei. ' Yei, people leem to think that a battle to deoisire muat end the war in Ireland, and the Frenoh King will soaroely stand by auoh a poltroon aa King James. Truly, he teemi to think only of himself 1 How ia Father Noel'a knee ? ' ? Itatlll diiablea him,' she aaid. ' Will yon not borne and tee him, he will want to hear thenewi.' ' Bat I w-i not minded to itay longer than I need-inber company, which bad' no good effeot on me, whilst the prospeot of telling news whioh must be nnwelooma to one of Father Noel's way. of thinking did not attraot me. I1 made a harried exaase, and wishing her ? Good day,' rowed off to St. Herbert's Isle. I wondered that- ehe did not hiaten into tbe honaa to carry tbe news to ber grandfather; perbapa ahe felt that it would be unpleasant to bear him newi whioh could hardly fall to pain any Roman Oatholio. At any rate, she ?tood there on the shore, now and then throwing a bit of bread to ber swans, but always) with her eyes following my boat. I watobed her till I oonld distinguish nothing but ber blaok dresa against the green of the trees in the baok-ground; and a bright gleam where the sanshine fell upon her hair. All the time, through the aohing of my heart, there waa an odd consciousness of haling lived through this before, not only this slow separation— this parting long drawn ont— from Andrey, but also the passionate inward appeal against a fate whioh seemed alwaya to be against me. Than, suddenly, as I glanoed towards Lowdore, it all came back to me. I was once more a little child sobbing on the grass, and Audrsy'i boat had become a mere speok in tbe distanoe. ' Snogglesj ! ' I bad oried, ' Waa it wrong of me to be picked np under a bush ? ' And dear old Zinogle bad allowed me to bury my faoe in his rough ooal and had said that I need feel no shame, and that hope was to be my guiding , star. Well/juit now there did . not ieem much lets to hope for— only, in faot,- to hope ? that I might live through this evil time -bravely, not bitterly, and prove myself not wholly unworthy of the friendship of Mistress Denhanii Thinking of her thus, I resolrsd to go nothing that evening, and hailing' two of ths children who stood by the landing-place on St. Herbert's Isle, bade them run and ask Diokp&'a wife for Bome treaole. Then we all three rowud-aeroM -to 'the woods on the eastern shore of Derwenlwater, about opposite ? tbe little islet ol Bamnsholme,. and having prepared the tree trunks aooording to Mia tress Denham's direotions, returned bome to get ready saoh things as , would.. ba wanted that night,: a dark .lantern, a wallet and. sun- dryiiilittle boxes for i tbe mot ha 'I hoped to oaptnre.' The home on Herbert's Isle waa but-small, and now that Some of.tba.Isel^servants were' sick with the small-pox we lived very quietly, thera being on the island only myself and my two pupili, Diokon and his wife, who 'lived always in tbe island house, taking charge ol it and waiting upon us. It must have been about ten o'olook that I bade Dickon good night, telling him that I hoped to return from my mothing expedition in. aboot an -hour's time, and carrying with me the key of ' tho honse-door, although, indeed, it was , scarce likely that any shonld try to enter daring my absenoe. Tbe night waa oloudy, though' being still early in July it waa not so dark but that one oonld see the outlines of the mountains and make out easily enough ths place where we had' landed in the afternoon. Any sort of hunt is not without pleasure to a mm, and I confess to having iorgotten everything else in the eager pursuit of my treaoie-lured victims, which truly enough were on the tree trunks as Mistress Denham had aaid, when the sound of steps and voioes close by made me start violently. 'Tut, 4ut, man,' said one of the voioes, 1 'twas nowt but thy fancy.' 1 Nay, 'twss the bogle,' aaid the other, and I atonoe reoognised tbe- voice of Mounsej tbe miller of Lowdore. ' Hullo, Moumey !' I oried, willing to re lieve tbe maa'a abje'ot terror. ' ''Tie not the Borrowdale bogle.' 'Tis I, Michael Derwent. What art you doing , here at this time of night?' 'WBy, sir, I'm main glad to see you,' gasped. the miller.- ' Me and Matt Burkett oi Millbeok have been set by (be TJnder Sheriff to fiod ont the trnth of thin Borrow dale Bogle that had been seen by maDy of late./ Mr: Brownrigg be will get to tbe bottom of it he says, and if so be it be one of the lads dressed up just to scare the women folk he says he'll have him set in tbo itooks, My gude wife haa been ill ever since ? tbe niftbt she taw the bogle by Btrrow Grill.' ' Oh I' I beard it bad been soeo,' ? I said, laughing. ' And Tim Qriiedale saw it firBt of allj I understand. Who else has come across it V ' Well, sir, there be Nanny tbe dairymaid at Aahness Farm. 8ho has boon soared nearly ont of her senses, for waking at dawn ?nd going down to aae to some sickly obioken she was nnriing up, she saw tbe bogle mak ing as though it would drown itself in the book, but eonldpa drown, beiDg only a spirit. Then it wrnng its bands very sorrowfully, and before sbe'oonld : stir for fright it had disappeared in Athnoia woods. Whereat Naany .fell a-icreeohing like an owl, and frigb.len.ed the whole houiehold.' 1 Mr. Brownrigg/said Mat Barkett, a dour lobking mar-f who .spoke now for tbe first time, ' pnts little faith in ghosts' and bogles, and thinks more likely 'tis some worthless loon, a thieving Scott, or a highwaymai Biitaftet all,- air, it may hare been yourself if I might mak* bold to ask what you are doing .? ' . 'I am catching moths,1 I said,- showing them one. They stared ' at- me s'6 ; ineredu- lon'aly that I fanoied they thought me mad. ' Bat this is tbe first night I have been out I axplained ; ' so the ghost has still to be accounted for.' ' 'Tis blawin1 up for rain,' said Monnaey. ? Coom to the mill Mat Burkett, and, shelter awhile'. Nowt oan pass by the' mill, be it bogle or body, without my seeing it from the window of my wife's kitohen.' ? Good- night, sir,' said Burkett, still eyeing me suspiciously, as I added another moth to my oolleotion. '' ' Qdod-night,1 1 said. ' Good lack to you in your bogle hunt,' ' Alas 1 had I but known what would follow; those were tbe laBt words that would hav4 Crossed' my lips. The two men tramped off in the direotion of Lowdore, and by tbe time tbeir steps had died away in tbe distance, I had my boxes full, and was about to ! go back to the boat wben' something made me glanoe along the mule traok wbiob led to Keswiok. My heart began to throb painfully, for gliding swiftly towards me I saw the Borrowdale Bogle! My lantern bad gone out, but by this time1 my eyes had grown so aooustomed to tbd midsummer twilight tbat I oould clearly1 make out tbe details of tbe cavalier dress1 which Mounaey bad desorlbed to us io the1 Market-eqnare on tbe previous Saturday.' Tbe wind, whioh was blowing strongly from1 the Bouth-west, blew baok the folds of the5 short oloak it was wearing and revealed the wbits shirt beneath and tbe long, thin hands,* wbiob. seemed to grip fast bold of a cord' slung over its shoulder, as though tbe bogle! carried some burden. Tbero was somethingl so eerie in tbe noiseless way in which it' steadily approached me that I would have* given worlds to turn and rush down to my! beat. I am ashamed to say that it cost me a' hard struggle to move forward and meet this1 uncanny creature, however I did move slowly! np to tbe path, and almost immediately the' gjioat stood stook-Btill. At this my oourage rose a little. v 'If it tries to escape I will pursue it,' I thought to myself, ' and if it oomes on, why it must surely cross the plank bridge. I stand here on the bank and see it faoe to face.' , ? . .? There had, during the last two or three days, been much rain; and' the little beok whioh flows down betwixt Walla crag and Falcon orag had beoome a torrent. It oamo roaring, and tumbling over its stony . bed, while' tbe wind moaned among the trees and heavy drops of rain began to fall. ; Still tho ghost stood motionless, and still I kept guard by the bridge until I began to wish it would oome on and end the tension of this waiting. At last it slowly glided towards mr-, and I candidly own tbat my knees began to knock together ; if only the mill bad been nearer I should have called to Barkett and Mounsey merely for the comfort of their fleshly pre senoe. For alone in ? desolate bit of oountry lato at night, a ghost is not oompanionable. The oroature, too, as it approached me more nearly, raised one of its long, bony handB »nd poioted a ghostly finger into my direotion, U whioh, I know nob wby, a cold shudder ran through me, and again the impulse to make for tbe boat was well-nigh irresistible. After all what, was to be gained by facing this Borrowdtle Bogle? It waa Henry Brownrigg wbo wanted to fathom the mystery. Wby should I put myself to all this disoomfort wben the Under-Sheriff was the last man in the world I cared to obligo? To be oontinned. 