Eastern District Notes- Bv " Castlemae." Two Masses were celebrated by Father Gibney on Whit Sunday. At the second Mass he made reference to the demise of Father Long, expressing regret at this great loss to the limited staff of the clergy in this colony and the community gener ally. Mass would be offered for repose of his soul, and the late Father O'Shea on Monday at 9 a.m. He preached a short sermon on the subject of the descent of the Holy Ghost. s His Lordship, Dr. Gibney, was a visitor at the York presbytery for a few days on his return journey from Albany last week. We shall soon have the month of June or the month of the Sacred Heart here again. The towns of York and Newcastle have kept up the society for many years. Yet as older residents pass away it would seem as if the persevering spirit were with them. The society is one which will al ways command a good practical religious spirit in any community, and therefore it should never be allowed to collapse or grow cold even. A Sunday parade of the York volunteers took place on Sunday. They are cited to appear in the gay city of Perth on Her Majesty's Birthday. On Sunday evening Father Gibney an nounced a requiem Mass to be celebrated during the week for repose of the soul of the late Miss Bella Stack, as well as others whose anniversary days of death were occuning. At Newcastle, in connection with the local Mechanics' Institute, a mock parlia ment has been foi'med to initiate a system of debating. Moreover, an agitation is in process seeking to remedy the Newcastle train service. The Nuptials of Mr. Edward Taylor and Miss B. Grace was celebrated in St. Patrick's Church, York, recently, by Rev. . F. Griffin. The death of Mr. Byrne, brother of Mr. Pat Byrne, of Quellington, occurred last J.CUU XJJf A llO) VA VUUiUAWVl AC4K3U month and the remains were interred in the York Catholic Cemetery. R.I.P. In sporting circles the Eastern Districts Football Association is reorganising, and a late report states that the York branch intends to flourish again under colour of the " im-mortal orange." The Beverley Races are over. As usual gatherings in, and from the country side, were on the ground. At the time I write much anxiety is felt at the settled aspect of the weather, yet who can tell what a single day or even an hour may bring forth. A sort of innovation is proposed by an obscure personage, who considers that a Government Inspector of Nuisances for the eastern portion should be appointed. The civic authorities are too slow and indifferr ent to the want of sanitary precaution and improvement. The death of Mr. Agernon Steere is an nounced from Newcastle. The deceased was a member of a very old and influential PnmilTT r% f A TiV Tipp-Spava. "Rsn.. What a conflict appears in the prices of baker's bread in three townships — New castle, 3Ad. ; Northam, 2id. ; York, 3d. Comment is needless. Sympathy is expressed in these eastern parts at the bereavement of His Lordship, Dr. Gibney, and Father Gibney, of York, sustained by the loss of their sister,- Mrs. O'Rourke, in Perth. R.I.P. Drs. Johnston and Davis have left York, the former for good and the latter for pleasure. Dr. Davis is succeeded by Dr. Darbysbire, during his visit to Europe. Many others are taking a change. I 