A SYDNEY LETTE]3. THE FIGHT FOR THE CAPITAL. HOW MR. BARTON SPURS MR. REID. A. PADDINGTON -COMEDY. MORE ABOUT THE TANK-STRBAM. THE NEW TRAMVWAY SYSTEM. A HINT TO NEWCASTLB. THE HAWKER PEST I?N THE SUBURBS. WHI-AT SHOULD WE EAT TO Dil SAYHO? SYDNEY, 'hursday. Where do you want the capital ? Appar ently every man who can write a pasable newspaper letter imagines that this ques tion is addressed to himself. Christmas card day is nothing to it-the letters pour into the Sydney editor's office from Bath urst, Goolburn, Coenma, Albury, and "Co° Flat," generally urglleg tle claims of tlhe writer's little birthplace, with an o.rnest ness that speaks volumes for the patriotism of the average Australian. Among all those letters, some of which the nowspoper pub lishes. one looks in vain for a nontribution from Newcastle, which is either too busy to indulge in local statistics, or too modest to lift its sturdy head among the claioor ous orowd from elsewhere. And yet it It recognlsed by every thoughtful person here thtat if Sydney is to he Itarred, and tise Fe dceral capital is to remalin in New South Wales, thie place with the highest clanlms is your own beautiful city, on the banks of the Hunter" As was noted by your contri butor "Falcon" the other day, Newcastle is already thie Federal city in regard to its trade, since, being the seuthern coal pro ducer, it does. and long has done, business with every port on tile contialent, anld alo witlls the colonies outside it. Moreover, ct is the most cosmtopolitan plioos in Austra lia, and because of its pieculiar staple in dustry is better known In America and a?ne other cosntries than any other Paciie port, except Sydney. In addition to this, it is the most central city between the capitals of the contributing colonies: thIat is, accept ilg Adelaide at the O etodi and BIrisbane at the other, it is thie most accessible and conventient place for tile Federnl capital in Australia. Tile claims of nathurst, Cooma, Albutry. and Coulburn, to the privilog-, wllich have been so inldustriously circulated, are merely the claims of selltimeat: as com piared with the great coal contre on the tiunter, any or all of ttem are dwarfed, both in regard to popilatioon nd Import | | : , , A good nlany people who do not bhellove in Mr. Barton, ask what he has done since he was elected to Parllament, and became the Opposition leader. Well, the answer is simpli--ho hlan done wllhat ho could in a solnmewhat irresponsible position by act, word, and pen, while, most important of all, his more presence as a possible dis placer of the Premier has ated on that gentlenmal as a merciless spur of encour agenent. Everyone who renembhers tile circmnstances of the deposal of the late Sir Henry Parkos as leader of the freetrade paitS i11 Sydney also remembers how, in order to obtain the position, Mr. George IHolston Reid turned his Federal coat at a sitting-coming ill as tihe most rabbi anti-Federalist in Australia, and rising. when the question of his candldaturo was being debated, to intimate his conversion ito the ideal Australian poliocy. Th're was sufigiont indication in that single act to show that Mr. Reid would do anything rather than tolorate a rival; and so, just as the fact that Sir IiHenry's magnificent personality as a Federal leader induced himi to embrace that plank in his ipolicy, he now, because of the preaenoe at his elbow of Sir Henry's sucaessor, works tooth and nail to facilitate the intended union. We have had the Paddinoton tragedy, and also the Paddington comedy. The chlaraeters in the latter weore a mob of schtool shildron, aided and abetted by their parents and other adult relations to make bad blood in a court of law. The case was heard at the Paddington Police Court by Mr. -Isaacs, S.M., and e.naisted in Charles A. H. Redgravos--who, as Chambeor Maglstrato at the Contral Police Court, should have known better-- suing Gordon Pirle onta charge of naeautlng his seon. From what could be learned from a per feet Babel of witnesses, many of themo children, of six and seven years of age, it appeared thalt yolng Master Redgrave, whose father thought him a paragon of all tle virtues, had been inl the habit of mak lag love to a nleighlbour's fruit trees, and t(at young lalster Pl'rio, and all the other young masters, were eitler rivals or aiders (and participants inll thile unrighteous traffic. Thle case was that onl a certaill day a raid wans made on a Ilear tree, and at its con clusionll a boyish dispuite arose, possibly in regard to the division of the spoils, and Archlie Pli'lo and Leslie Redgrave cname to blows, the formler slucceeding in "punching his adversary about the head." For this tile father of tile lad who was whipped was Indiscreet enough to Irtng on a llmmons,' which. at the repleated suggestion of the piresiding Magistrate, was ultimatoly with drawn, after the time of the Court lhad been wasted to the extent of twelve hours. His Worship, in dismissing the case, referred to the childlishness of maknlg childish quarrels a reason for lawsuits, anmid said if manlly more infants were bIroughlt before lim lie wouldl consider the advlbaldeneps of plancilg over tile police cells the sign : "Childleln ill 01s0 not admitted." Rtleference was previously made in your journal to the Tank-otream whlich meanders ill the dark somewher beolow Pitt-street, from Park-street to tlhe waters of Circulno Quay. Well, the excavations now being made for Messrs. Lassetter and Company'o new buildings have rovealed a couplo of lhose wells, which, it was explained at the lime, Goveroor Phillip had built on the banks of the streamr for the accommodstloo of the wrives of the soldiers. Tile wells, which are large ones, anod Imay, for the mat ter of that, have had aon Independent source of supply, were found to be built of hand made bricks, of couslderable size, and-very great evenness, aund ol the brink two lpumls were discovered, which, because they were weood ones, wore anaexod for exhlibl Lioe. From wehat hle rn learn, "Chrono" iluderstalnds that the wood pump preceded tle preseut Iron one from the time of nlltiquity till within the present century, ald were freely used in Australina In tliohe early days, because of the lack of the better article. It must have beel a strange sight. thle banbs of the Tank-stream, in the days when thoSy wore in vogue amlnng the house lwives of Philllp's soldier-a purlntlg water coeurse from Park-street to Ciroular Quay. a hundred or more women, perhaps, pump Ing and washloing or hanglng out the clothese of the settlemenet, and the primiltive town chip laid out arouod them, the cradle of future Australian greatneos. The tight hold of the Prqmler on the .tt150.000 voted by Parliament for a com prehenslve electrie tram system, and pre viously referred to, has now been relaxed, and the work of replacing tihe hideous steam motors will ble gone on with at oiice. With such a sum of inoney at their disposal the Coimlssloners expect to partly relay a number of the princlpal lines, and to pro vide a complete roliltg stock of first-elass quality. The steam motors and their noces slary belongings will bie witldrawu as work irogresses, ndl as they are too valuable to bie brokenl up for old iron, It is probable thint an effort will be muade to dispose of th:em to some city with a superfluity of pol;ulatiol. Probably not a few of them will le seent up your way, an of course you Ilavo the steanm tram, acld leilg patlalt as Job. grumble not ol anoy occasiol. Per Ihaps, holwever, the fact that the detestable otenlm mlotor ihas been conldemned in Syd ey aund that there is .150,000 with which to condemn it, may whlil up your flagging community to demand that the new and superior system by extended to Newcastle. A late prominent member of the Assenmbly. used to.say that if you didn't-ask for things you would never got them; In fact, his plan was to be constantly asking for everything, and as a rule he got a consider able quantity* to keep his month shut and his vote in the right place when wanted. If it finds that thle steam tram is objee tionnlie, and that the electric tram would be an improvemenet then Newcastle should put its spoke in before the plans are com pleted for the disposal of all the money in hand. The housewives are raising a tired, plain tive voice against the house to house hawker. Not the so-called Astatlc, male or female, hut the porsistelt "push" sln who travels, two to a street, in a cart bear ing tile legend, "John Jones, dealer." This particular variety of housetlold pest has worn tie small suburban housewife to thb bone. ie calls at breakfast time, he callo at dinner time, and he calls in time for ten, and during all the hoursoand minutes that speed bietween them, and he calls with a loud and persistent voice, and terrorising eye, and tents in pairs for a reason that will be eeplaited. Two of these unworthies having purechased a cheap crate ,of vege tables will place it in a light spring cart, drawn by a horse so very light the wonder is it doesn't spring into eternity, and "hawk'" a suburb, door to door, when the only inhabitants at home are the wives of thie iLreatdwlinners. Thie cry of "fresh cab bages" precele a bang at the froht door, and at the same moment the hawkter's oon federate slips round to the back and listens till the weary woman has been driven from hier work in the klctiches to answer the knock. Then, as the chief vagabond en gages her in conversation with his foot be tween tile door and tile sash of the frame the other one slips into the house and an nexes whatever he sees and can, at random. The cry of tile victims of these insolent cowards, who number hiundcreds in Sydney, is. heard in the land per medium of the newspaper, and tile dull magisterial intel lect only takes in thie miserable Asiatle who, even when he is insolent, only lunts in single file, and therefore can be dealt with. The war of "diet" eontinues with un abated vigour, and the doctors responsible, who would consider It "infra dig" to give a newspaper a two-lnch advertisement, fill w'hole columns getting their anmens into the pollic mind, in tlhe hope, perhaps, of get ting their medicines into the public body. The question of whether we eat too much meat or devour too much fruit has been added to by the supplementary one--what meat should we eat when we do eat meat, and the samein regard to fruit? One hu mourist writes on the matter by inquiring if it is advisable to eat grapes with their skins on, seeds and all. or to go to tile tau talising labour of peeling them and taking the stones out: and another persons, who tries to be funny and canlnot, asks if tile codlin-moth is a delicacy that should be taken with salt or vinegar. Whloh reminds the writer that although opinions may dif fer as to tile honeioial results to bIe derived from eating a great dleal of fruit, there can be only oe iIn regard to thie detestable fas hion o sprinktling orehardts with pioisounuous washles. A friend of his was almost kiilled the other day by eating nectarines that had been sprayed with something or other con taining a poison injurious to human beings. For two days lie was unatble to ihold his head up; and finally becoming Insensible ihe was takent to a doctor, who diagnosed his ease as stated. His life for a weekl hung in the balance, but eventually pulling through he was able ten days later to resume hIis duties at his ofice, a hollow-checked ghost of whalt le was before he left it. The doctor who attended himin said that some orchard ists are now spriniling their fruit with a ioisonous solution, and that this induces colic if it does not lead to somethintg worse. CHRONO. 