DIayfield, South Yarra. " ^ Thursday, February 9. MY Dbau MABIE. Polo is continuing brightly on its summer course. Matches have been played at Geelong, Colac, and Camperdown during the past month, and the advent of the polo visitors has been the signal for liberal entertaining at the recognised centres of the fashionable sport. Here in town, though interest is sustained in polo, the matches are attended only by the fair ones immediately concerned in the ?personnel of the players, and a few veteran sports like Mr. John Madden and Mr. Cumming. Yet, it is one of the 2X1081 exciting and interesting games that ever man and horse took part in, and what is far more attractive to the feminine mind, polo-players are the finest set of men-in a physical and social sense-that figure in the ranks of our Beau Brummells. Look at our Melbourne players-Mr. Jim Osborne, Mr. Ned Fitz gerald, Mr. Gordon Lyon, Mr. Bert, Miller, Mr. Whittingham, Mr. Roy Greene, Mr. Lempriere, Mr. Agister Clarke-and those coming on like Mr. VVrixon and other well set-up players. At any rate, the matches played on'the Moonee Valley course are always a pleasant social gathering of the best-known people in Melbourne, the Polo Club providing after noon tea. The frequent change of ponies gives players a chance to mingle with the fair visitors on the course, have their mounts admired, and answer the numerous interrogations that assail them on all Bides as to the various points of the play. On Friday afternoon, last a merrier crowd than usual assembled to witness the match between Camperdown and Melbourne at Moonee Valley, Lady Brassoy drove out in a mail phaeton, accompanied by Mr Cecil, A.D.C. and her vivacious little daughter. Lord Nevill rode alongside on his chestnut hunter. Mias Irene Miller (whose brother played in the Melbourne team) drove out in a smart dogcart.. Mias lirush was with Mrs. Murray, of Camperdown, Mrs. Johnstone, the wife of one of the most enthusiastic polo players in the club, rode a fliie steed, and made a trim figure in a well-cut fawn ooat and ridiug-skirt. A felt boxer, would probably have looked better than a gem sailor perched on her golden head. 1c was strange taste, too, that prompted Lady Clarke to wear a gem sailor when riding, On the other hand, Miss Mary Clarke always appeared in a silk hat. All the girls on this occasion wore light summer frocks. M ids Grey, one of the pretty daughters of the oculist, looked the personi fication of daintiness in a befrilled floral muslin and a rustic hat covered with roses. Miss Miller wore a simple whitRcostume with aroae-pink hat. MiasB ush looked well (she it, always brimming over with fun),in a white muslin gown, very innooently buttoned up the buck, and sub c ff with an emerald green velvet , . ^ low-brimmed hat swarming with great iiockling rod roses suited her to perfection. Lady lirassey looked elegant (when does she not ^ in a navy blue driving costume, and a I'ronoliy hat in which throe or four, shades of pink unci bine were .blended with a very chie « Hoot. The Hun. Helen dressed in the simplest of white jnushn frocks, grew tired of playing leap-frog with >»r spaniel, aud begged Lord Novill for a mount, n a few m mute a that amiable ynlant had the Hon. ulon astride his liorse in front/ of him; and from .tut coign of vantage the little daughter of the overnor watched the exciting play on the course. The game was fast and furious from the start, and the Melbourne players Bhaped well, though their captain rallied them on playing too lady-like a game. The rival team was represented by four splendid players, their boisterous leader- Mr. Andrew Chirnside-giving them a stimulating and encouiaging whoop every now and then, that made them gird up their loins and risk their necks, or their- ponies', occasionally to secure a goal. Mr. Fitzgerald did the greatest amount of barracking and protesting on the Melbourne side, but he played splendidly, better in face than he has recently done in these matches. Mr. Koy Greene is as wild and warm a player as the redoubtable Captain Haig, but is seldom heard yelling or even vociferating on the course, though his loose figure and bare head present the most conspicuous and picturesque fea ture of the scene ; a swarthy skin, and a close crop ot black curly hair gives one the impression that Indian climeshave tinged hisskin and lent their fire to that most hot- headed of players, Mr. Koy Greene, During an interval, the visitors were entertained ' with afternoon tea. The players though hot, dusty, .and seemingly fagged after the fray, were energetic in their hospitable attentions, and took all the banter that was hurled at them with excellent good humour. "When play was resumed, the scoring board showed that the black and white hoop jackets of the Camperdown team were leading by one goal and several behinds. Though the red jackets rallied up and put forth their best efforts, and rode full tile every time, yet the game closed with a win for the visitors. One player -a tall handsome fellow with bright blue eyes and a deep diuiple in his chin sure indications, says a learned phrenologist, of susceptibility to feminine charms-was at the close of the game almost embraced after the manner of the American hero, by two pretty dark-eyed Mel bourne girls. Polo hao savei us from a dull and uninteresting week, and the second match played yesterday -Wednesday-at Moonee Valley was witnes^d, by a larger and brighter crowd than . usual. Perhaps the sporting visitors who were following the fortunes of the Co'ac player* (pitted in this mrtch against our Melbourne team) added an additional liveliness to the gathering. The oppressive state of the weather counted for very little, either among the players or the onlookers, and except that most of the girls appeared without gloves or. collars, and ad journed twice (by the invitation of the club mem bers) far afternoon tea, one would think that mild sunshine and a balmy breeze were combining to render the day pleasant for the fair spectators who wore sitting in the broiling sun. The Colac team are a magnificent set of players, the Messrs. .Robert son (3) and Everard Brown reminding me in the playing course of a charge of calvary while keeping up the furious pace with an abandon and agility that Bpoke eloquently for the endurance of these country players and the mettle of their fiery little ponies. The excitement from start to finish was , at fever heat, although from the outset it was evident that the Melbourne team had not a ghost of a show. One goal was secured early in the day, and after that twelve fell to the Oolac team, who have proved the best we have yet seen on the,course. Except Mr. Everard Brown, the visiting players were youthful, and surprised the spectators with the brilliancy of their Mtrokes. 'Mr K. Brown led the fray, and played with a dash and dtiring that evoked consi derable applause from the spectators. Yet all the girls who flourished the, red colours of the Mel bourne team had faith in their 'men, and applauded their, occasional good. play. At the iuter.val, the exhausted players aoted as hosts, and , with their faced teething with perspiration and begrimed with dust, uanded round iced drinks with more grace, if less agility, than the waiters. Mr and Mrs Mars Buckley, who , had? out in an open Prince Alfred ca^b,.., were^uc* oompanied by Miss Buakley and" J^'is^/Bro^ri&b;, both girls wearing white inu.sliu drgSptes; iss. Miller who drove a younger siator ouljsiak dogcart, bIBO wore white-a bright Japanese confiaQtlpn-rty^jh a floral hat of white and pink., Miss I^a^enl£m§, Miss Florence Stanbndge, (tlie Goeiong^hmressjp (Mrs Johnston, wife ot' the handsome . oaptain^ftltss Ogilivie, (daughter ol' the sea-captain), and seyeivtlr other girls wore white muslin gowns, and picture hatv Mrs Lorimer, as usual, threw convention '"to" ttve winds, and drove out iu a small dog- ca,rb, accom panied by hor little daughter-the groom having au onsy tiuiu and a good, loolc-oub from the hack. Dr. N'-iyea who rode out on lus hunter, was as faultlessly dressed as over, and yponfc most of his time (it nppBiirod) congratulating Mi^s Miller on her fifthly unnouncod engagement) to that well known and popular sport, Mr. CJ. Kiiusoll. In fact this engagement has been the principal topic ox conversation at the two recent polo matches, as the Miller and the Hussell families are both intimately identified with the club, and the announcement of the engagement has been a Benbational one. Mr. J. Osborne again umpired the home team, and Air. Kobertson-one of the great Colac clan-the visitors. During an interval, the two captains' had a few strokes that let the onlookers into the Beuret uf their prowess on the polo field. It was long after six o'clock, when the game concluded, and the last bright gathering of the present Beason was brought to an end by "afternoon tea" on the comfortable verandahs and lawn in front of the weighing room. To ensure.the coolness and shade of tne verandah, the thoughtful hosts had seen to its enclosure by tarpaulin, and in fact in so many ways rendered the day pleasant for the fair spectators who . travel over sucn a distance to witness the matches, that the polo club is now voted the- most hospitable and gemal dispensers of social honors going. The principal topic of conversation in the circles of Society this week is the engagement of Miss Irene Miller to Mr. l&usseil.; Both tamiiiea are best known to the world of sport, and have produced champions in the Golf and Polo field, besides being the bead and branch of the Melbourne Hunt Cluo. -No meet ing has ever been held without some of the Miller and Kussell families distinguisaing themselves in full cry after the hounds. In fact a hunt meeting would lose half its charm to old riders were the two families not represented. , Miss Miller is a tall, fair girl, with a litne figure, and a long firm face, which bears a strong resemblance to the straight well-mar ked features of Miss Queenie Calvert. Her style of dress is smart, and her girlish manner tull of brightness and vivacity. Of Mr. Xiussell clubmen speak in the highest terms, and cney are good judges of moat of the qualities (often tested in the ban camaraderie of cluo life) that are the highest exponents of manliness and, honour. In appear ance Mr liussell is short, inclined to be stouc, well -up in'- the thirties, aud ut quiet manners and ap pearance. He is an inveterate sportsman, and about the best known figure in the hunting field. Miss Lucy Winter, the handsome and intellectual daughter ot Mr. a. V. Winter, editor of the Mel bourne Herald, is to be married shortly to Mr. Dodds. Mrs. Frank Wilson and her three daughters, styled by the Perth newspapers the " Transplanted Jttoses," arrived this week from Western Australia by the Barbarossa. The three young ladies are to have their education completed at the Presbyterian Ladies'College, Melbourne, This week, Dromana is scintillating with the presenoe of the Governor, Lady Brassey, and party who are spending a visit of some days in the' quiet little fishing village. This of »U places yet visited by Lord and Lady Brassey, will prove a perfect rest-the best spell His JbJxueliency has enjoyed this season. Macrons in one popular seaside resort, who had to fight an epidemic oi measles over 'their children's cots, now complain of the exorbitant bills sent in by the local medicos. Two guineas a visit ran into an awful amount, while drugs and tonics, whion have to be almost daily replenished and supplied from Melbourne, add their increment to the formidable bill. So many visits had to be made by the doctor, who was often at his wit'd ends to supply a sedative during the time the sufferer and the anxious mother were waiting for the medicines. The measles, with other ailments incident- to the seaside, and the doctor's bills were a few of the miseries endured by families who migrated across the bay for a summer holiday jaunt this damp season. There ib something in the saying, of Max O'Bell, that if " he were to be born again, he would wish to be born a rich Amerioan widow"; for widows, whatever they are, enjoy the monopoly of attention .and the honours of the day-no matter what kind of a day it is. At Lome, at Sorrenco, and at Queens chile this year a widow looms large among the luminaries of the the place,'and each has figured in a, '.ro'mance,' the denoument of which has not yet peached us. Xa Sorrento there were two widows, till (£ne took it into her pretty head to get married, aucT then, as the nursery, rhyme aays| " There was ohe" to rule the .ropst. Grass widows wore as plentiful as field periwinkles at the seaside. , A husband in the West is the sign of the times! If you want to look really cool and chic, "Marie, . wear a white piquo skirt, a colored silk or oambrio blouse, finished with a narrow black velvet waist belt .furnished with small steel buckles, dress your hair above the nape of the neck, uud wear at a proper angle, a Trelawny or Gardner's Daughter hat trimmed in the flab fashion. There is positively nothing , nicer you could turn; out in if you would look really smart and simple. Mr. end Mrs. Norman Armytage are once more \- after their period _of mourning- making their appearance at social ''gatherings. Mrs. Armyta'ge does not look her beat in black. . The rich'colours and the magnificent clothes which the handsome matron usually wears contribute to set off to more advautage this brown-bairod beaufy. . Now that.our radiant brunette and fashion leader--Lady Clarke has flown from these parts, Mrs. Norman Armytage will take her place in the rank of society beauties and queens of fashion. Mr. and Mrs. JAoburt JBrough and Miss, Temple occupied the stage box at the Princess on the last memorable night of the Geisha. The liberal sprink ling of grey in that dear brown head of Mrs; Brough makes one serious and sad to observe the signs., of the silver-age in the favourite whom we love and esteem.' Jttul a letunrkable vitality and verve of.tem perament discount the grey hairs, and render Mts. JJrough as juvenile asrany actress of a comedy com pany when she elects to grace the board*. Dotted here, there,arid everywhere over the Princess on Saturday-the opening night of the Broughs in The Adventures of Lady Ursula-were the members of the Geishx company. Miss Dorothy Vane and Miss Perry applauded from the boxes, and Mr. Paull, Mr. Kenningham, Miss Musgrove, and ever BO many others from the circle and the stalls. This entente eordiale shown by one company of actors to another, is one of the fairest characteristics of the traditional generosity of the profession. Half of the theatre-goers in Melbourne turned out on Monday to see the last of the Geisha Company take their departure from the Spencer-street station. The au'-revoir wreath was largely in evidence, and those who are familiar with the catchy snatches of the opera, recognized and enjoyed the floral emblems of parrots, monkeys on a stick, and Jap sunshades that tilled the arms of the fair principals. The " old boys" of the Church of England Gram mar School turned out in swagger style on Saturday afternoon last, when the formal reception of the new headmaster-Mr. G. E. Blanch-took place. Dr. C. Ityan, one of the oldest of the " boys," acted as host, and everywhere about were faces whose features bore a great resemblance to the rows and rows of the students' portraits adorning the walls of the college. Some of these old " boys '' had their wives and sons (present students) and daughters with them, and the boys of the present generation sauntered round in frock coats and tall hats-those who have graduated into the ranks of Society. The assemblage was representative of the ecclesiastical and scholastic professions, and here and there a speotacled don rubbed shoulders with a gaitered bishop. The reception took place on the lawn, to the accompaniment of music, and the introductions were effected by Dr. 3$yan,. The scene was a gay one. Small tents dotted over the lawn, and adjacent to them small tea-tables with groups of chairs around them 5 and at 4' o'clook, when the crowd spread themselves about these, the garden-party was in full swing-for after noon tea renders the social butterflies as cordial and merry as wine maketh glad the heart of man. Mr. blanch, the now head-master, was surrounded all day by relays of the latest guest-comers, and the youthful figure of the Principal with the chubby face and head of innocent curly lookB, was the wonder of all. There -were grave old Wiseacres, like Mr. Syme; who looked at the pleasant young face, and hoped that the cherubim charms were a proof of the silken-glove-and-iron-hand disci plinarian. Undergr>»duatea naturally warmed to this' genial, round-faoed gentleman, and?.seorefcly congratulated their boys' friends at the college. As for the present students, goodness ltnowB how they regarded the new master as they were over the flelda, engaged in an exciting cricket match, with their Bisters and girl friends looking on in gushing approbation. At half-past four the guests were conducted into the music hall, where a concert was given, Mrs. Palmer, Dr. and Mrs. Schlesenger, 'Mr. Connelley, Mrs. P. Jolley, and Miss Archer con tributing' some delightful numbers. Perfect liberty was given the visitors to inspect every part of the college, and they wandered about, led by the old boys into the old familiar haunts, where the black board, the desk, and the arrow still sticking in the ceiling-(shot there by the latest mischievous elf) - recalled .' the days of long ago." Mr. Coldham, whom the old boys remember as one of the'laziest and pluckiest members of " The Old Brigade," took a delight in recalling many a school story, that sur passed for naivete and drollery many of the plumB of the " bad boy's diary." It waB an auspicious gather ing, and a merry one. The fact of it assembling in the grounds in vacation time being probably the reason of the go-as-you-please element that pre vailed, so little in harmony with the rigorous dignity of college curriculum, Mrs. Blanch, the wife of the new head master of the Church of England Grammar School, is a refined, gentle-faced matron, who gives one the idea that she has passed most of her life in the cloistered paths of a rectory. Although the South Yarra tragedy is dormant at present, interest is revived by the excitement of some people who have been anxiously endeavouring to discover the name of the gentleman ivho is just as anxious that they should fail in their endeavour. But at last that interesting gentleman has been "spotted," and in the clubs and professional circles, the fact of his being a well-known solicitor, good looking, popular, and middle-aged, has caused a considerable flutter. The reason of its being kept out of the inquest proceedings is due to the fact, so say the quidnuncs, that the gentleman threatened to c'aim the whole of the reward offered by the government if his name comes out, and the threat seems so far to have had its effect. v Another gruesome item in connection with the tragedy is the rumor that an enterprising publican of Swanston-street has opened negotiations with the interesting female pubberke to engage her as a bar maid at the conclusion of the sensational case. What a roaring business he will do ! Sixty-four ladies have enrolled themselves as students of the School of Horticulture, Burnley, in response to the official announcement by the Minister of Agriculture that Mr. C. Luffman would inuagurate a class for the gratuitous instruction of ladies desiring to learn the art of ''gardening iri all Us branches," I am induced to tune the iingling lyre at this bald fact. Here's the grandest' occupation Jj'or the women of tlio laud ; An enchanting reoroation, - An accomplishment to hand. , Or, if practically given, With, a mind for grosser gnin By (lie " Hlghts of Women" drlvou To enaroaah on man's domain She will learn a business purely, .With a profit,-by-aud-bye, And snoh knowledge us may surely Eaiso Bolf-oonlideuoo sky-high, "Willi a spado and fork and trowol, She will delve the onrtli and plant Till hoc horny hands and brow will Cry costhetios are extant. Sho will dnily jot lior gleaning1? - On the ways of graft and grub; : Bo iustruoted iu the tnomiugs . Of the garden growtli und shrub. In a gown of galaten, , And a bonn<t, all in blno, Trim and neat, bIib will (the rto.ali !) ^ Gird her loins and Lmoltle to. ? ' ? v Yes, sho'll drive the plough' boforo lier. Graft and disinfect the trees, Till tho worship of great Flor/i . Seuds " rehouinatioa " to her leuoos . And. tho oodliit moth pursuou her In tho nightmare of hor woes, \- 1 And tho routed mon abuse her For her mud.be>pittarod olothos; And. she's dubbed an iutorlopor, And hev work la set at naught, And. the gnrd'nor turns a toper "When to her hiB trade is tauclit. Yours affectionately, STHXJLA. 