CHAPTER, w! • hi . ' Tieed,' repeated Jightly. ' Oh ! no.' I am'iieverSireif—^>bjsir cally, that is; mentally I am hardly ever anything else.' She and Francis Lynne were stand the drawing-room x>f Lady Hamilton^ \- town house, *:■ 'i ** The wedding was very n|ar~,4iow; being .fixed for the next dajp Sjut 'oifi, and this was Pearl's lastappearaiice ft public before the ceremony. ,. . ? <■* ,, It was one of Lady Hamilton's * evening?,' and dancing was" "going on in a d es oltory ■ fasti ion inside ; Pearl had pot sat .down foran, instant all night, as usual being besieged, with eager partners, all clamoring for notice, wjifl«^*he was^popBesaed witli^ feverof mttesn Mtriiem*ht, which found relief in incessaiit movement. Two months back she had given Francis Lynne the answer he desired, ar,d he had hurried on the wedding as much as possible, Jflpging inexpressibly for the time to come when Pearl would be bis in very truth. Somehow his sl ort wooing was not eatisfactory ; he felt the shadow of something between—a cold constraint, 'which his utmost efforts failed to re move. , Pearl neither encouraged nor re pulsed him. She seemed as utterly indifferent as if carved out of stone. She held him at a distance as effec tually as if there were a locked door between them. If Colonel Vane had not persistently assured him that Pearl had accepted him gladly of her own free will, he would almost have thought it had been under compulsion. He might even have doubted the colonel's word if it had not been con firmed by Lady Mary who, distressed J one day at the cold, haughty expres sion on her daughter's face as she brusquely declined a diamond necklet he offered her, took an opportunity of aRsoring him that Pi arl meant nothing —she was shy and reserved by nature, and, no doubt, feared lest he should think his great wealth hod in anyway influenced her in accepting him. 'I assure you," her ladyship said, eagerly, ' Pearl refused many excellent offers before slie ever met you. She haB always declared that nothing should induce her to marry unless she loved the man, and I know that she was a changed girl in every way after that visit to Lady Hamilton.' So, in spite of his doubts, he was fain to believe what they told him, and, jeabus of everyone and everthing near her, only longed for the wedding-day to dawn. j Francis had the satisfaction of knowing that his fiancee was as cold to all other men as to hinself. If ever, she had been guiliy of fuob a weakness1, she had put her folly from her. He noticed also that, in spite of her ap parent carelessness, she was anxious not to offend him. Once or twice, when her tone or manner hurt him,' and he drew back as if annoyed, her face turr.ed absolutely ghastly wiili regret, she hurriedly re traced her words, ?ho gave the promise he desired, anything, everything to j prevent a rupture; ! Her obstinacy, her pretty wilfulness seemed gone,-or asleep, and he missed it, and cftimes wished it back. j NO one outside the parlies most concerned was so p'eased at ttie affair as Lady Hamilton. She was charmed at the realisation of her wishes, that her two favorite young friends should marry each other, and they found it impossible "to" resist her desire for them to fepend the laBt evening but one before the. wedding at her house. A shade- fell across .Francis's face even as be entered the room, for the | first person to greet them was Jack i Treherne —; thinner, more haggard, sadder looking than ever. j With no desire to play the eaves dropper, he could not help hearing the hurried greeting. ' Pearl! I heard you were to be J here tc-night. I came on purpose to see and speak to you once more be fore——" Then they.drifted away, and Francis murmured: ' Poor beggar.ijf'p hard on Urn. I. wonder, if he«tndI had changed p'acfs,. fhioh,she would .have choten 1 He' rich, I p^or,jtyid his regiment to leave England on .our. wedding day. No •' j I don't grudge him this last look at; 'toy darling.' But in his heart he knew he was jealous of this other's love, and as the «vemng s<wore»«L'Kay, and Jack - and Pearl danced again and again with one. another, he cot^Jd: not help trying to keep them apart. ' You4must be tired to death,' he. said? drawing ber ont of the heated room for a moment, 'and I have seen next to i&lliMig; ifttyouall night.' -'Tired V Pearl had replied, with a curious catch in her voice. 'Oh, no. 1 am rover, tiredphydcally—mentally, I am barifij^fver anything else.' ' How^rt-tty she-was, he-thought, ae he gazed with paafioua'e admiration at the proud'clear cut, face, with the- ex qnisiie eyes, tonight) almost black with excitement, yet with a curious wistful ness in their depths that puzzled him not a little. Would the time ever come he wondered, when all lingering constraint would pass between them, when Bhe would voluntarily nestle in his a ms, kiss him, tell him she loved him, and find her happiness in being loved t A sudden impulse came across him to find out then — that minute— whether she teally cared for him or not: to take lier in his arms, and force her to put by for ever her mask of in difference, to kiss her shyness away, and make her confess her love. The silence between them was not unusual, but each Beemed lost in thought. Then, after a -pause, the girl uttered a cuiioub eort of cry, half a sigh, half a groan, and, with a sudden movement, pressed her head against the face of a marble statue which stood at her side. The curtains parted, and Billy Slow combe entered, and glanced at Francis in RtirnriKP. ' Alone, are you 1' he said; • I thought Miss Vane was with you, and I did not like ' • You were right; Miss Vane is here,' he replied, quickly, and Billy uttered a slight cry of surprise as he saw her. ' By Jove! for the moment I thought you were part of the statue ; you are almost as pale, and, being dressed in white and -so fair, - the mistake was quite a natural one. Do you know that once upon n time Francis used to ca'll you the 1 statue ' because ' ' Thanks for the reminder,' she said, dryly ; ' I had not forgotten, nor the conversation I so unfortunately over heard.' ' By Jove, no,' said Billy, with a laugh. 1 When Lynne vowed he was proof against the charms of the charmer, charmed she never so wisely, and I made an ass of myself as usual, and you brought him to his kneeB in half the time I allowed him, and now,' with a faint sigh, ' I am to be best man at the wedding—sacrifice myself, so to speak, on friendship's shrine.' | Pearl laughed in a curious fashion. It was of her arranging. She had ex pressly requested that Billy should officiate as best man, and after many protests on his part that he should break down, kill Lynne, or suffocate from suppressed feelings, be had con flpnf.pfl 1 This is hardly an agreeable topic,' said Francis, flushing scarlet with annoyance. ' Why revive it now 1 We have not much reason to be proud of ourselves on that occabion. I con clude you want to speak to me as you have sought me out ?' ' Yes,' replied Billy; ' it's about ' ' My dance,' said Jack Treherne, appearing at the opening, and Fearl took his arm and left without a word. ' He's taking it badly,' said Billy, tactlessly, jerking his head after the last speaker,- 'looks like a ghost. Good thing he's off to India so soon, isn't it?' Francis turned pale witb annoyance. ' Realty,' be said, in a hard cold tone | of contempt, 11 fail to see how it affects me at all—he is not the only roan who lost his heart to Miss Vane—nor ia it anyone's fault that she found herself unable to care' for him. Unless you can fiad something more agreeable, and of greater importance to talk aboat I'll leave you to enjoy your own inane remarks.' Billy shot a crafty questioning glance at his companion. ' Jealous, by Jove!' he thought 'I'd better shut up. Love is blind, and it's b simple Providence to all parties con cerned that-Treherne was ordered off to Jericho. Xijnne would choke the life out of- him' if be knew what I know, but—silence is golden.' \- With which pliilosbpbical remark that sapient young man proceeded to detail the object which had really made I him «ek 'out faia friend, and they went into it together. ■ 