Popular Superstitions. ; '? Sevoral years ago tho inmates of a small, rospootablo dwolling-hoiise in Philadelphia discovered upon tho whitewashed wall of on# of the rooms tlio likeness of a human face/ which faded and' rotui-nod again. ' Tho neigh bours came in to viow tho wonder. Other .foods ' appbarod and vanished; Crowds ;tlir'oiigod tho houso and Btroot, and aocbunt# of the mystery wore printed in 1 the daily ' papers. - . . : It was to no purpose that scientific irion in sisted that the figuros woro caused by mouldy growths whipli carao and 'went' with thci , dampnoss, and that the .likeness 'to the human: .face was imaginary. ' The ' house ' was pro- 1 nouncod by tho publio' to bo liauhtod, and tha ' owner was unable to find a tenant for it for years. : ! ? 1 ?? ., ? About tho same timo another mystory camo' to light in one of the mountain countios of Pennsylvania, and ' commanded publio att'oix- - tion. It was a pane of glass in tho windbw' of a farmhouse, in which appeared tho faco ofi ' d ^vqmari looking out. » ? Sho oould bo Been .only by a person standing' ontsido at a oortain anglo. At first it was declared to bo tho ghost of a former ownor^'i but whon the public took hold of tho matter it was decided that baolr spectator saw tn different ghost, that of tho doad friend for whom ho carod most. Many visitors mado pilgrim ages to lnspbot this .defective pano of glass. 'Nor is it only tlio ignorant who are moved? by thoso ehoap mystorios. ! Ono of iho most statoly mansions in Borkoloy Square, in-, London, Btood' vacant ifor a long timo bccausft'; it was said to bo haiintod by gliOBts, who ap poarod ono at a timej night aftor night, in '«*, attio window, with a singlo candle burning f dimly beside' thom. ? , . ? ?; ; ?' It wns explained that the .house had been' ' left in' the, caro of a avazy butlor, who ohosa thus to exhibit tho family portraits, one after another, to the publio ; but- in ? spito ? of this explanation, tho mansion oould find no touant, ovon amoug tho oducatod class who oboupiod thohouBos of itB grado.' , - , , * n Many of us, are suporstitious and alert t-» find mystories in unluoky numbors, in spillocj salt'or hauntod housoB. ..Thore is..: a 'mystery*!' bohmd onoh tree or stbno.6i». bit of matter— - tho powor. and wisdom of tho Unknown ;? but1' woj do not look for that,' . ..jAJMIH ' tlBOAti' KIND . OF .HOYi ' ' Woro thoro any marks ? about him bjf whioh ho could be dosoribod P' askod.tho d(& Motive. . , . , ? ' Yes,' bagorly ropliod tho fathor of tha runaway boy ; ' liis trousers, woro noarly worn through at tho knoos, and lio had in ono ofi his poakbts, as I hoard my wifo, say a day or' two ago, a knifo with a broken blado, a pistol cartridgo that had boon fired off, a match, Bo,mo of tho whools of an old wdtoh, a loathop shoestring,, a broken! key, a bunch of twine, two or tliroo. whito pobblos, a piooo of .load. Bomo handbills frpm;tho last bioyolo 'show, » stump of a load ponoil, and a bit of reel ehallc.' , ,, , ? - 'dm'tioo!-';^°^°''V°v'^rr0'^6 raomorft11^ : distinguishing marks.'' ,, , ' 