GRUESOME TALES. (By COOYAL.) %—A NIGHT AMONG THE CADAVERS. Bomo years ago I was employed for several months as clerk in the ofllce of a large city cemetery. One of my first duties was to go through the records (which had been very badly kept), with a view of straightening up the books in anticipation of an enquiry into tho management. Whilst bo engaged, I discovered a number of serious mis takes In connection with tlio Interment nnfrfna finri (nfrirmnrl flin j^iinorlnfnn. dent thereof, It was agreed that these could only bo rectified by various dislnterments and re-burials, and an opportunity was shortly taken to effect this disagreeable work as quietly and expeditiously as possible. Not long after this, ono Summer evening, I remained in the ofllce work Ing at the plan of a now section which waB shortly to be opened. Tho heat was oppressive, and I sat with the of fice door wide open. I felt tired and sleepy, and nt last found myself nodding over my work. Presently I was aroused by a loud roar of thunder, followed by a blinding Cash of lightning and tho heavy patter of nilu on the roof of tho building. Looking out of the open window I was rather ntartled to see a peculiar haze emerging from behind the dark pines and junipers, such a light as I had never scon before. It was like a long, broad ray of shaded electric light —shining steady at first, and, as I gazed inteitdy, it seemed In motion; and be fore I could ask myself what it meant tho room was full of It, forming a mass oi* pale-blue phosphorescent light. And, ns I strained my eyeballs, I perceived that tlu- mass was made up of several Individual columns of bluish, electrical looking light, each of which rapidly assumed shape, and form. I rubbed my eyes so as to make sure that I was awake; and, as I did so, one of the ghostly shapes stood out from Its fel lows, and raised a bony hand mena cingly. It was a. skeleton enveloped in tho vaporous form of a woman— just as she would have been in life. The skeleton appeared solid matter, but its envelope was misty and semi-transparent. It was simply light, and through It I could see the open doorway. The ghost —or whatever It was— was that of an aged woman, with very severe features —a luird mother-lu-hiw, I should say, when In the land of the living. The thing advanced, until I felt the bony baud touch me, and It was cold as ice. 'Young man,' tlic phantom said, se verely, 'I've an account to settle with you. Don't speak. You'ro doomed 1 What do you mean by moving me out of my lawful bed— grave, I should say ?' 'My dour madam— If I may so ad dress you, and please put mo right If I am wrong— do not. blame me. I am but the humble servant of other men, whose behests I must obey.' 'Fudge !' snarled this most uncom promising spectre. 'It was all right before you came here. You are a new broom, and want to pose as a reformer —that's what you want to do— and wo wont stand It !' 'Hear, hear, hear !' from a chorus of ghofltly voices. There must have been a round dozen of them— of all sizes and all ages. I felt no alarm now that we were at close quarters, funky as 1 had been when I first saw their filing shadows marching up the pathway* to the olilce. It was the expectancy— the dread of something evil— that made my hair rise; but tho fact of a cadaver having a voice dispelled all feeling of fear. In truth, I felt perfectly cool and selfpos sessed. Thus I unswered the nnclcnt female spectre: 'But, my dear madam— and I may also say misses and masters— this, cemetery (place of sleep, don't you see, hence your interview), is run on certain business principles. Your friends pur chased certain lots of ground, In which you were not laid, but somebody els'j was. Hence serious mistakes— unwit- tingly, of course— for your friends ' would come up on Sunduys and plaut flowers not on their .own ground, but on top of some 'dear departed' not.tliclr own. It was through my humble b-V. Btrmncntnllty that this blunder was discovered, and subsequently rectified.' ?:.'' , 'Then you needn't have found it out; wo wore nil very comfortable, and now — spenklug for myself,' said the an cient one, 'I shall never rest comfort able ngain. That we were to rest In peace until the Day of Judgment ia now ouly an illusion— living or dead there's no such thing as peace. , And tho language them gruvc-diggers used Was simply awful— Knocking ! and it's u crying shame that such low persons should bo permitted to handle, the cof fin's of decent, respectable people. I wish your trustees would ouly cohio up here some night when we are in public meeting assembled, we'd let 'em know what goes ouThere— boozing and putting people in wrong graves and shifting 'em agaiu. Why, It's sacrilege, that's what It Is.' And again there* were 'Hear, hears !' from muffled voices. ... Others of the shadowy crew then spoke, to much the same purpose; and , then receded from the table to make, way for a most sinister-looking cada ver, and I confess he gave me quite! a shock, for tho skull hung down on ono shoulder, and tlio face, ns shown by tlfe misty envelope, was black, while a bright red gush in the throat revealed the ruptured aesophagus. It was the cadaver of a murderer; in life he had murdered a fellow-prisoner, and his body had been removed to a grave op posite his victim; and In less than a week his executioner was Interred alongside of him, for, having bungled the job, he lost the billet, and soon drank himself to death. 'Why did you go and stick me along side that galoot that 1 bashed with u tomahawk V He won't lot mo rest neither night nor day; and as there'n only a foot of mullock between us, I can hear him, nag, nag, nagging all tlio time. Then, as If I wasn't uncomfort able enough, you goes and puts (hat wlilte-Hveved bungler, as hadn't nerve enough to do the job properly, and put mo io a lot of pain, right: up agin me, too; and ho's worse nor t'other fuller, for he cries and moans, snivels and curses, and prays onlJl H'h slckonJn' to hear him. It's an Infernal shame that a man can't be left alone arter lie's done his stretch.' (To bo Continued.) 