The Man in The Mask ; on,' A Desperate Stratagem. Told by an Ex DsreortvB. : During (oar months "Tbo Man in the Mask" was a celebrity in Wincliff and around tbo place for several miles. Ho was also a myet Jiy. His existence oouid not bo doubted evon by thoso who had not soon him, btoauss the stories told of his oQoasional appearances wero so clear and circumstantial as to bo ab solutely convincing. ThoBC who had seen him remembered tho meeting with pain. His intorviows with tbo fow ucraons ho bad chosen to favor with bis attention were usually short, sharp and al&rmiogly; earnest. He demanded all tho money, tbo watch, and any other artieles of value whioh the person wbom ho oonlronted chanced to have in his possession, and tho demand was.followad by surrender. Ttie terriblo alternative was in- timated by tbo barrel of a revolver firmly held, and presented full in the faoe of the person whoeo goods woro required. The men who h&d; met " The Man in the MaBk," and continuod their way muoh poorer in ooneequonae, could not describe him. His face was completely covered by a dark grey mask. They could only seo ho was a big fellow, with a hunoh on his bsok, mounted on a powerful horse, and that bin voice was deep and gruff. Tho people in Winolif! did not know any man who answered to that im perfect description. His appearance bad not been mado at any plaoo more than five miles distant from Wincliff, yet to everybody in and around tho placo the daring robber was a myatery. In no instance had the mysterious Man in tho Mask found it necessary to inflict bodily injury in order to eccuro tho booty he sought. But the faot that he was a robber who re vived tho praatices of tho highwayman of old was sufficiently disquieting It might be sorao chivalrous sentiment that led him to spate tho persons and tbo pockots of men whose &U; was but a little. He appeared only to tboBo who wore xoputod rioh, and extorted from fear tbo gold ho could not gain by more lawful and honest means. Ila wsb, there fore, very naturally set down in tho minds of all law-respecting pereons as a miscreant whose suppression became an imperative duty. The performance of tho duty devolved on me, and I set myself resolutely to tho task of penetrating tho mystery that shrouded the Man in tho Mask. Ono evening in February a gentleman named Welhom was driving towards Win- oliff. His vehicle was a light gig, in which he frequently travelled long distances, and displayed all the good points of tho horse that happened to be under his control. A hobby ( f his youth, which did not appear to lose any of its strength though his ago was in tho fifties, was to drivo a good horso, and his ample means enabled him to indulge that expensive taste in all seasons. Mr. Wolham wos driving towards Wlnoliff, intendng to patronise its well known hostelry, tho lioobuck Inn, for tho night, and to drivo over tho twenty-two miles of road that Iny between Wincliff and London on tha follow ing morning. The night had fallen suddenly. The sky was olouded, end the horso was pursuing his way at a moderate pace when less than Ave miles from tho intended halting- place. The traveller was anticipating the light, warmth, and animal comfort for man and beast that wero tn bo. found st the inn, when an event occurred that gave a very different tono and oharacter to his thoughts. Mr. Welham was appronohing a point whero a wide, grassy lano opened on the high road. When near that point, a mounted man suddenly emerged from tbo lano and reined up his horse in tho centre of the road as if to bar his progress. Mr. Welham peered into the rider's face as he approached him. It would he moro exact to say he looked inquir ingly at that portion of tbo man between breast and hat, but failed to discover a faco. 11 Stop 1" was shouted in a muffled voice. The stranger's arm was extended, and n shining revolver was plainly eoen firmly grasped in liis hand, tho rauzzlo of which looked like a round, dull, blaok'eyo, staring menaoingly into Mr, Wclbam's face. In ao ioBtaut tho gontleman realised that be was in tbo presence of tho redoubtable Man in the Mask. "Why should I stop? Who sro yon to give such an order?' exelaimodMr, Welham, at the same time, however, pulling up his horse as its head nearly touoh'cd that of the animal on which the masked man was mounted. "Stop to save your life, if you think it worth saving. If your horse moves a yard I'll stop him with a bullet, and then have moro ready for you. Try mo, if yon like. Yon see, I hold your lifo In my bands ; but I don't want your lifo it I can get your money without it. Iam desperate, and 1 can't waste time. Do what I ask, and you may go on without any hurt; refuse, and the next in stant you will bo a dead man, and I will take what I want." It was a deep, hoarse, but terribly earnest voioo that oame from behind tho mask. The words wero not spoken in a- way that gave any hint of agitation or hussion. The voice was probably disguised, out it w&b; so evenly emitted that the boater could not doubt the speaker meant to do Ell bs said— even to murder — rather than permit bis violim to evade or frustrate him. " What do you w&nt; ?" Mr. Welham said, reoognising tho nocessity for coming to terms with his assailant. " Money, and everything I may turn into money. Quiok 1 Your purse, >©ur watch, your jewels. Lay them . In my hand—all. Drop the reins. If you attempt to escape or to resist you will force me to murder. Quick I — and hewarot" . The Man in tbo Mask walked his horse to tho aido of the gig, keoplng Mr. Welham eo- vefed with the revolver until the muzzle of tho weapon nearly Joucbed his ear, .The gentleman instautly d'oided that ho mm>t submit to tho robbery ds the least of two evils between which be was compelled to chooFC. Tho property demanded was placed in tho robber's. left hand. Ho transferred it to a pocket in.tbo side of tbo long dark clodkhc wore, which eompletely covered him-from the oars to tho knee. " You have robbed me ot everyttnng," Mr. Welham eaidi hoping tho Mao in the Meek' .would aooept that intimation that his busi ness waS oomploted and permit tho-vlotlm to pursue bis way. "Hot yet, Yoa hare a book,' or o&bb;, that, may bo filled with valuable papers." 14 Only a few letters and papers relating to business." _ 14 1 want none o! them. But bring out. your book and opeu every scrap of tho paper boforo mo. Do not try to oboat me, mind." 44 Cheat repeated Mr, Wdham, particu larly emphasising tbo word. Ho produced his pookot book, however, and proceeded to open esoh paper it oon< tained, s6 that the robber, in she light afforded by the gig-lamp, could discover its oharacter. From an inner pocket ot tho book the masked man directed him to draw folded pspers, which proved to be threo tea- pound notes. It is hardly necessary tcTadd that the robber immediately caused them to bo placed in hie hand. Ho dircotcd Mr. Welb&m; to seouro his other papers. When that was done ho forced him to turn his horco and drivo baek along tha road bo h&d; traversed.' .Wtttq he had driven about a mile, ho might return; but if ho attempted to follow the Mask, the aonieqaences would be fatal, Half an hour after his unpleasant adven ture on tbo road, Mr. Welham arrived at tho Roebuck, in Wincliff. His first care was for bis boreb; whioh wbb decidedly weary after an unusually long day's journoy. When ho had seen the animal convoyed to tho stable, he ontered the inn, was supplied with a draught ot brandy and water, and askod tbo ne&rost; way to the polioo station. " The polioo station, sir I I hope none of tho men about oar place have boon unoivil? Mr. Hilvard would deal with any incivility pretty sharply, if thcro's a complaint to ba made about any ono in tho Roebuck," said a man, who appeared to be tho aotual manager ot tbo establishment, and second in authority to Mr. Hilyard only, who was the landlord of . tha inn. . " Ho, no ; I've nothing to say agaiuBt any body at tho inn ; but I havo business ot tuo station, Is Mr. Hilyard at homo ?'' " Yes, sir. He was here a fow minutes ago. Shall I ring for him?" " Do, please." Tho manager summoned Mr. Hilyard, who made his appearance after a few seconds. His orisp, fair hair, open countenance, and generally well-fed oppearonco, told of good health, good livinp, and good spirits, andoonvoyod a decidedly pleasing impres sion. "I west a word with you, landlord," said Mr. Welham. "At your service, sir. -Will you step in here?" said tbo obliging Boniface, opcniog a door of stained glass, which admitted to a little room that was used as an office, and was also the "governor's" private room downstairs. Mr. Welham stepped in, and immediately told Mr, Hilyard of bie encounter with the Man io tho Maek. Tho landlord was sorry and indignant at the same time, "I've tried all I oan to flad outlhe fellow, and I believe the doteotivs office in London is looking after him, but it doesn't seem to bo a bit of ubo. Ho comes and he goes like a ghost. He's robbed six or seven gentlemen In a few months, but nobody seems ablo to guets where be comes from, nor whoro ho goos to. He's a roal puzzle, sir." " Well, ho bos a hundred pounds of mine in moocy aud goods just now. I thought it best to tell you, because you may put other gentlemen on tbeir guard. I must' give iuformation at tho police oflice, Where is it ?" "Only a few minutes' walk. I'll scud a man to show you." . . . 44 Yes ; I've lost too muoh timo already." Tho l&odlord; opened-his door and spoke to his manager." 41 Gall Drown at onoe. The Mask is out to-night, it seems. This gentleman was robbed a few miles from here, and wants 'to lodgo iuformation. Brown mu&tgowithhim; to the station." Brown was soon in attendanoo. The rob. bery was reported in the elation, tbo stolen property dosoribed, and once more tha local authorities were roused to exert their powerB for tbo c&pturo; of tho Man in tho Mask. It happened that the discovery of tho rob ber, wha committed his depredations in a style so muoh Uko that of highwayen cf tbo Dick Turpln era, was nearer tbau even the gentleman who had Buffered could have hoped. A couple of hours after Mr. Welbam's return from the police station he was in tbo smoke-room of tlio inn, when the' manager approached him. "Mr. Hilyard wishes to speak "to you, if you can spare a minute," ho BBtd. 44 1 can spare ten minutes if Mr. Hilyard. has anytbiug particular to soy." 44 Ho will see you in his private roota, It you plcaee. He says the matter is import ant." Mr. Welham went to the little room be fore described, and wob much struck by the serious expression of the landlord's faco, 44 You will forgive me, I'm sure, when you know why I disturbed you. A man from tho station has been here. He tells me soma money has been Btolcn, and that tho sov ereigns have a peculiar mark. If any sov- ereigns with that mark comes into my hands I am to abk tho person who offers it whore ho got it, so that it aiay bo traced back to the thief. Was thero a mark of any kindon the gold you havo lost 7" 44 Yes; thero were six sovereigns io my puree, and a small -w, with a fino lino before and after it, wero scratched under the head of cacb," Mr. Welham replied. 4lTb&t; is the tnstk tho poficeman 'da. scribed. I seo now it was your monoy he meant. But a thing that troubles me mora than I oan tell is that I gave a sovereign in obango, with just such a mark, not more than a quarter of an hour before 1 heard of it." " That is%astomsbing I Are you euro tbo mark was exaotly liko mine?" <rYos. 1 cannot bo quite positive aboot. the lines, bat X remember the u> distinctly, and I believe tbero was a IittU scratch before and after the letter, just as it ihe« wero intended to shut it in, liko." 44 Preoisely." 44 1 noticed it when my man gave .. .j me. I had sent him out iu the afternoon to oo!- lect a few small accounts, and ho didn't oomo baek until after you arrived. . Then ho was drunk. Ho had got 'only one pound eovon from one of pry austomerp, and when he paid it in T seat him off to bed. That marked soveroign was the one ho paid me, and I looked at It closely, at the time. 1 matt get rid of him.". I must see him at onae, sir. As your man gave -yon one Fovereign bearing- my mark ho may have more. He- may be the 'masked, robber himself, or' he - must know where he oan be found. I insut on the man's beiog quottioned and s.earohed I" Mr. Welham exolaimed, excitedly. "Ik is only natural: that yoa should, sir, end I am willing to aid you In every way. But, you see, it would be little less then ruin to mo if a suepicion.got out that a highway robbtr was one of my servants, and slept in thia'honee.. Wo must ba able to provo it.. Thcu I flh&U; help you to punish him, and that will remove all suspicion from. the. house."- V But while wo aro talking herp the man may escape, lor Heaven's bake drop words and coma to- action?'' Mr. Welbamex- alfiimed \:-.v . 14 He. was too-far gono In liquor tu mako any attompt to escape before some aim- in- the, morning.. I will eeod - a lino to the ela tion asking for two tsen to bo rent luri directly, or you may send tbo ooto. When the men arc heru, wo will go to bis room and va'icn him. Perhaps the signs ot pouoemcn will help us to get the real truth from him,", s&id; tho landlord. 14 Very likely. But there is no time to bo lost Give me paper, and I wfil write." The papor wae laid on the table, and Mr. Welham wrote a few words requesting tbo presenoeof responsible officers at tho Rob- buok Inn. Another Uno intimstod that a due to the identity of the masked robber had been found. A few minutes lator a sergeant in plain- olothoe and a eonfatabloin uniform wcro in the Roebuck. Mr. Hilyard told tho Borgcant about tho marked sovereign ho had received, and gave the name of the man to whom he had given it. Tho latter lived about three milos away. Then tho four wont to the little bnok room over an outhouBo where tho BUBpcctod man-of-all-work slept. Tho entry of the whole party did not awake tho sleeper. 44 Scaroh first," suggested Mr. Wolham; at tho same timo seizing a short coat of thick dark serge that had been en- ' 'y thrown on a chair, Tho landlord seized a vest y on the floor -and thrQBt his fingers in the pockets, finding only a sixpence nnd thico pennies, whioh he at once returned. 41 There is nothing hero but aplpe, tob&oao;, and dirt," whispered Mr, Welham, after examining every pocket ho could find in the ooat, 44 There's money hero, I think," said the sergoant in plain olothes, speaking in sup pressed tcnes. Ho bad carefully lifted a pair of trousers that lay upon tho bed, nnd had drawn from ono of the'pookets a little paoket wrapped in a piece of newspaper. Oa opening this pcokoc it was tujnd to aout∈ fivo sovereigns, Mr. Welham and the plainclothes man lookt-dat them closely, and the marks were plainly discernible uuder tho head of eaob. Tho aoins wero refolded in tho piper, and returned to tho trousers pocket. Then the eorgeaut sclzod the simper by tho uliouldtr and ehook him roughly. He awoke and sprang up. to a filling posture in tbo bed,- when the constable in uniform stepped for ward ready to grapple with tbo man should bo resort to violenco,. 44 Why— 1 spy — what's tho matf or ? What do you all want?" the man ejaculated, as ho beo&mo; thoroughly awake, and looked from one to another iu couforion. "Your matter wants io ask yon a question. ' But be ostclul what yon ssy. 1 mutt take notice of every word," said, the sergeaut. " But wlint's it all about? I'll answer any ' qnestion Mr. -Hilyard wants to ask mo. What is it?!' 44 1 want to know what kind of money Mr. Benson gave you thlsafternoon whoa be paid his acoount?" % . 41 You want to-know that ? I think you ought to know whon I gave it to you. It was a sovereign, two two-shilliu? pieces,: half a crown, an a shillin'. Ho said I. might keep the sixpence over for n glass, ah' I did." "Diifyou givo mo tbo sovereign you got from Mr. Benson? Yoa wero out all the afternoon, you know, and. you came here drunk." 14 No, eir— not drunk. It takes: a lot to make me what I call drunk. I'd had a lew drinks, I know, 'caueo I'd been about a bit; but I knew what I was doinV' 44 1 ask— did you giro me the sovereign you got from Mr. Benson?'' - 44 Do you mean to say I didn't ? I'll swear I did." . 44 Had you any other sovereigns ?" . "No;. I don't havo mauy sovereigns about mo, except wbeo I'm paid a few. for you." 44 Tho sovereign you gave me was marked." 44 X didn't mark it." < But you have other sovereigns in yonr pooket with the same .'mark on. How or where did you get them ?"-' 44 Sovereigns iu my pooket? How do yeu know what's in my .pocket? You needn't trouble about my pockets, Mr. Hilyard, If there was twenty sovereigns in my pookets none of 'om'ud be yours." . "I'm sure they're not mine; and thero's reason to think , thoy should not be yours. Sergeant Lyncu searohed and found them there." "Searehcd.1 Found them I" he exclaimed, bie effrontery giving place to alarm. - ' Yes ;" T must take you into custody on suspicion. of having stolen the money. This gentleman has been robbed, and I have found part of tho stolen property in your pooket. You must oome with mo." Protestations of innoconoe wero loud, vehement, and frenzied, but they gould not alter facts, and they wero -unavailing,; Jako Hiscough was conveyed to the police station. Tho members of the local force were jubilant at the thought that tho loog-dre'aded Man in tbo Mask had been oepturcd and incarcerated In Wincliff, the central poiot around which ha h&d; moved and _ committed his. various orimes. " v A few minutos after Mr. Welham bad re ported his loss to tho police authorities in Wincliff, nows of the robbery wae wired to tho headquarters of the doteotivo depart ment in London. As soou as I appeared. in the oflice next morning tho q&sq; was given into ruy hand?. . I was invested with power to do all I might thick necessary to bring the offender to justice, and I started at onco to oomtnenoe my investigation of a case in whioh I felt more than ordinary professional Interest. I arrived in Wincliff before tbo. prisoner bad been taken before the magistrate, and it. was there I learned nearly all tho particulars 1 havo mentioned. In the first place, I was carious to see tho man who bad booomo a criminal celebrity. .My first view of him was obtained through the grating in the door of the cell In which ho w&b; confined. Thero was nothing in his appearance to correspond with my precon ceived notion of a desperate highwayman. But ws know how deceptive and misleading appearance frequently are. The spirit of & devil mav be sometimes masked undar thn outward seeming of a person of moro than ordinary virtue. I epoko to Jake Hiscough, and he replied to me with tho air of a man whom' tho discovery of his crime had utterly confounded. I oould not gain from him anything moro than repeated assuranoo of his innocenco. Whon I said tho sovereigns in his pooket told a differont tale, he merely Baid: " I know nothing about them sovereigns. The devil must have put them thero. I never did. - 1 hadn't even a ablUiu' the last timo I remember feolin' for monoy, an1 how fivo pound oamo to be in my pooket I don't know I believe there's some dodge in the wbolo sffdir that I can't understand.' Tho gentleman that was robbed or hergeant Lynes knows more about it than I do. I nover robbed anybody in a mask or out of a mask, an' I wasn't ridin' about tho road after dark neither. I oan, tell every place I was in, an I swear 1 never eaw that money before I saw it in the eergednt'e band, if awearin' will do mo any good. 44 Sweariog will not save yon from bring oommitted'for trial, or, at least, remanded. l!cl help you if I could.,. If you ban (ell me where you were; and if others can provo you were not neat tho, placo whehXho gentleman was robbed, that will show that you can't have'rbbbed him. A man oan't be in. too places at one time, aveu if ho baB a fast borea to lido." ; ; \- VI wiiFo't ou tlio book of a horso ail jss- teid't;'.4 .A citiooa without -proof Are no di fenos aji n -. strung ividelice; Tnu flnd'ttg -of the . ui .bg/ jft your pocket will r»quiio a lot uf ex- pi. iouui.M . . - . ' Ao'l oan't cxplainnotblngabaotlbRt. Tdoti't know how it oamo thoie, an! I don l s know how long it;was thiio ;. in faot; as I said before, T: don't knuw bhy thing 'abuut The priraner'naiucd R fpw'pereone wlth - ; wbom.hi 'a J hn hSd.bVou aln-ut tbo time nt . wlriob'tlie ro ibiiy MrunWiuuiittt-d. ; Iuiade. notes of the nsiutaaLd places ho mentioned, - iutendlog to test the accuracy of bis state . mente by personal -inqoiry. Mr, Welham oould nut sot off on his drivo to Loudon so - early as ho had intended that morning. lie. appeared in the oourt whin the prisoner wae brought up on tbo charge of having Rommittcd robbery from thspeison . on the Q it cu's highway. He asecrlud ttai the fivo sovereigns found in tho prisoner's pooket wero part uf the money ol which he . had been deprived under threat ot death , . . but, ao tbo robber was masked, and as ho an- peaiid to bo humpbacked, ho could not say whether tho priBoucr was tbo man. M r. Hilyard told his story, whioh was olosr and circumstantial. Ho had sent to tbo gentleman to whom hegavo »ho sovereign in ahange, bat had not yot heard from him. Tbo landlord's statement left lltllo doubt as to tbo prisoner's guilt, Sergeant Lynes do posed to finding tho monoy. The prisoner, when questioned, said ho was not near the sceno of the orimo when the robbery was committed. Ho oould provo that by calling witnesses, and ho would swear ho did sot know anything about the money found in his pocket. After bearing all, the magis trate agreed to remand the prisoner for three days, during which tha most searching it quiry should be made. Soon ns iho prisoner was removed from tho dook, I arranged with tho polioo authori ties (or nn immediate ami rigorous search of tho ruom be had ricpt in at the Roebuck Inn. Without appearing to take a prominitit part in (be business, I acoompauicd tho toarobers .. nr.d superintended tbeir proceedings. Mr. lltlyaru afforded ua facility to virit the pieces in whichlho prisoner was principally . employed ; but a very (borough search failed to (iiicovcr any other particle of the stolen -property, or any- article ot attiro corre- -poudiog to the description Mr. Welbsmbad given. While in tho yard of the Inn 'I asked the ostler whether Jake Hiecough had taken oat a horse tho preceding evening, and learned that he had not. Mr. Hilyard had ridden out for about an hour in the tvening to call on a gentleman who lived a few miles away, " but ho handed tho horse to the ostler again aboutbalf an hour after dark. I then wont in search of tbo personB whoso names I bad jotted down. I spoke about. the trial and tbo charge, end what I learned from Jaku's friends ' corroborated what hs had told me. "loan swear, an eo oan others, Jako nevor left the Grey Gooso from about half- past three till nearly six o'oiook. We were ployin' quoits till it got dark, on' then we turned into the par!or an' played dominoes till Jake went home. He wos a bit 'freBb, but hot more eo than I was. Ho might 'ave called somewhoro else on the way— I dar'say ho wouldn't pass the Nelson without eallin in for a glass — but it was a long time aftor dark when he left me. He's not a likely sort to bo taken for the Man i' the Mask." Before night I had learned enough to satisfy me that Jake could not have com mittcd the robbery. But how waB the presence of the coins in his pooket to bo accounted for ? And how did it happen that only tho marked monoy sbo'uia ba found in his possession, while thirty poands .in notes, a gold watoh and ohaio, and two diamond rings had ntterly disap peared. I thought over oil I bad learned long and earnestly. I put the differont litllo items of knowledge together, qb it is my habit to do, and tried to get a certain clear idea out of &U.; Before i elopt that night, I was fully certain of two things. One was that Jake Hisoough was not tho robber, though soma of the booty was found in his pooket s tho - otber wan that Jake had met tbo real Man in tho Mask, and I oould find him. ' As early aB possible next morning, I waited on a magistrate, and sent word that I wanted a fow words on important business. He gave me an interview at once. £ told him my busineBt in Winoliff, and then laid before him tho theory I had formed tho night before. I eonnot do- ecribo bis astonishment as I proceeded, and I believo bo thought as I did al . lost. I went from bis houso with a search warrant in my pocket. Then I went to tho polioo ofllco to completo arrangements' for tho step I intended to take. Tbo . landlord of the Itoebuok Inn was partaking of his rather late breakfast when I, two police sergeants, and four men ontorod bis hottelry on serious business. His ruddy complexion faded to an ashy paleness when I tpld him I held a warrant empowering mo to search his house for stolon goods. Recovering from tbo stun ning- effect ot tho intelligence, bo made a step toward mo as if ho would kill me, but two of the men following instructions pre viously given, stepped before him. "Wo have to do onr doty, Mr. Hil yard, and I hopo you'll not make it mora unpleasant. Wo must se&rob; your rooms oven if .wo havo to overcome opposi tion." 44 Gaged I— caught I Six men to. ooel" he hissed, glaring at the moo ho re. garded as enemies with an expression of tao.o that was wholly suggestive of -mar- der. "i'U go op with yon," ho added, suddenly, as if speaking on somo impulse, "No, sir. You would not assist ub. I will leavo three men here to prevent you from following us," said the sergeant-afcor which announcement 'Mr. Hilyard sank, seemingly powerless, in a ohalr. Our progress was no longer impeded. Wo wont to Mr. Hilyard's bedroom, and In a small box on the dressing table found tho gold wateb, the diamond rings, and the notes whioh Mr. Welham had lost. In another box, fastened with a padlock, wo found a tightly-folded parcel, which, on being opened, was found to contain some of tno properties used in the "make-up"' of tho Man in tha Mask. Thero was tha long, dark'cloak, with a bundle of glass- olotbs sewn on tho inside between the shoulders to simulate a hump whon worn. Within that was a dark hat of soft felt, to tho inner edgo of tho rim of whioh and oxtending half around it, w&e; firmly tacked a pieco of Etiff pasteboard, with two round perforations about two-thirds of its length from the bottom, it was dark drab in color, and that was the mask whioh had so long shielded tho robber from rsoog. nition. Attest of Mr. Hilyard immediately fol lowed theao discoveries. At his subsequent trial bo confessed that ho had placed tho marked money iu Jako niecuugh's pocket while ho ehpt. Soon as he roturnod after tho robbery no had given ono of tbo etolsu sovereigns to a gentleman in ohange. H« afterwards leniutd that tho gold was marked and (carid it might bo traced to him To - turn Buepiaiou from himself ho invented ths scheme wo have dcecribod. But cunning and unscrupulous wrong did not prevent tht judge from oondcmniLg to penal servitude fo- ten years the onco mjeterioua 44 Man in tii» Mask." BHsnlrTi " IIiiii mis 