SOUTH AFRICA. THE BOER WAR. OPERATIONS IN NATAL POSITION AT LADY SMITH. BOMBARDMENT RESUMED. thE of THE ARMOURED TRAIN FROM A ESTCOURT. BOERS SCARED FROM COLENSO. PRESIDENT KRUGER'S ATTITUDE. PLACIDLY SMOKING HIS PIPE. v SOUTH AFRICAN LIGHT HORSE REGIMENT FORMING. "~~~"" v RELIEF OF COLONEL BADEN-POWELL. BRITISH REINFORCEMENTS ARRIVING AT THE CAPE. SIEGE TRAIN FOR PRETORIA BEING PREPARED. SPEECH BY LORD WOLSELEY. k SECOND ARMY CORPS DE MOBILISED IF NECESSARY. (By Cable Message.) 2s -7 l . - OPERATIONS IN NATAL. LONDON, November 6. News is to hand from Natal that the armoured train, conveying a detachment of the Dublin Fusiliers, which left Est- court for Colenso and Pieter, a station some little distance to the north of Colenso, with a view to repairing the railway line between those places, where it was destroyed by the enemy has scared the Boers away from Colenso, and the Fusiliers have re entered the fort there. Colonel Wylie, who with a British force has for some time been protecting a the railway bridge over the Tugela River, near Colenso, has secured four waggon-loads of the enemy's shell? and provisions. _ A POSITION AT LADYSMITH. LONDON, November 9. It is feared General White requires ammunition for the quick-firing guns of the naval contingent, which have done such effective work at Ladysmith. It is, however, hourly expected that the railway line between Ladysmith and Colenso will be reopened, when fresh supplies will be immediately forwarded. THE BOMBARDMENT RESUMED. LONDON, November 10. Latest news from Natal states that the bombardment of Ladysmith has been resumed by the Boers. RELIEF OF BADEN-POWELL. LONDON, November 9. Information is to hand that Colonel Plumer's force is advancing from Rhodesia to the relief of Colonel Baden Powell at Mafeking, on the western frontier of the Transvaal. SOUTH AFRICAN LIGHT HORSE. LONDON, November 9. A regiment of South African Light Horse, 1000 strong, is being formed at Capetown. The regiment includes a number of Outlanders from the Transvaal. L ! ' PRESIDENT KRUGER UNMOVED. LONDON. November 9. News from Pretoria states that President Kruger is quite unmoved in the face of the arrival there of trainloads of Boers who have been wounded in the recent engagements with the British troops. He declares that the cause is in the Lord's hands, and he continues to smoke his pipe placidly. ARRIVAL OF REINFORCEMENTS. LONDON, November 10. The steamer Roslin Castle, conveying Major-General Hildyard, lately commanding the 3rd Brigade at Alder- shot, and 1100 British troops, has arrived at Capetown, and was ordered to proceed at once to Durban, the port of Natal. SIEGE TRAIN FOR PRETORIA". LONDON. November 10. A large siege train of artillery is now being mobilised at Woolwich, and is to be sent to South Africa for the purpose of shelling the fortifications of Pretoria when the final attack on that place is made by the British troops. THE DUTCH IN CAPE COLONY. LONDON, November 10. Latest news from South Africa indicates that the responsive attitude of the Dutch population to Cape Colony is hampering the invasion of the colony by the Boers, who crossed the frontier some days ago. IMPORTANT SPEECH BY LORD WOLSELEY. LONDON. November 16. Speaking at the Guildhall banquet last night, Field-Marshal Lord Wolseley, Commander-in-Chief of the British army, referred to the situation in South Africa, and expressed regret that he had been unable to accept a tithe of the offers of assistance that had been made by the militia and Volunteers in Great Britain, and also by the colonies. He stated that it was intended to immediately mobilise a fresh division of troops, and a second army corps would be mobilised if necessary. i ATTITUDE OF THE GERMAN ¿ EMPEROR. LONDON, November 6. The Emperor William of Germany has issued a notification that no Prussian officers are going to South Africa, and that everything is being done to prevent ex-officers of the German army from participating in the present conflict. DUTIES ON FOODSTUFFS AT THE CAPE. LONDON, November 10. Reports from Capetown states that a strong agitation has been started there for the removal of the present import duties on foodstuffs. S iA NEWCASTLE MAN IN THE WAR. Captain Cross, chairman of the local Marine Board, has received from his son, Mr. Edwin Cross, the following letter, from Maritzburg, Natal, dated 2nd October (says the Newcastle " Herald"). The statement that the Imperial Light Horse would be in) the thicket the light has been amply borne out by the cablegrams received during the past fortifient : " My dear father's wrote you last from Johannesburg, saying I was leaving for this place to join the Imperial Light Horse. I have been fortunate enough to pass Al in all the necessary requirements namely, riding, shooting, drilling, and the doctor. The squadron is composed mostly of young fellows from the Rand, with a good sprinkling of old campaigners. We are 500 strong, and are fully . equipped-Martini-Enfleld rifles). The horses are very good, and in splendid condition. The kit is a god and service- able outlay The uniform, khaki tunics, with riding pants and parties' and large helmet. We are in camp now on the showground here. Everything is comfortable, and we are in fairly good trim, considering the short time we have been here. We gallant 500 make quite a stir in Maritzburg. Things are bad on the border to-day, and we expect to be sent to the front in two days. All the Volunteers have been ordered up, as things are too serious to wait for the regulars. We are to be employed as scouts for the main column, so, therefore, will be in the thick of it, and have the most dan generous work to do. It is a treat to see the ' Tommy Atkins's' going through; they are all fit, and spoiling for a fight.' ' Majuba' will be the battle cry. I have no more time to write, as Lights out' is being sounded. Expect to hear from me again ; going right through with credit, so with success to us, and your son Edwin, alias Trooper Cross, No. 2 Troop,' B. Squadron, Imperial Light Horse, Natal. There are lots of Australians amongst us, and we are showing them a few wrinkles with the horses." CHARACTER SKETCHES OF SOME OF AT THE BOER LEADERS. Mr. Lecky's appreciation of President Kruger, at the opening meeting of the College Historical Society in the University of Dublin, three years ago, is (says the " St. James's Gazette") of Interest at the present moment. He said of the President of the Transvaal Republic :-" I can speak of him with some personal knowledge. He had been more than once in my house, and I have come in contact with several men who have known him well. In many respects he resembles strikingly the stern Puritan warrior of the Commonwealth-a strong, stubborn man, with Indomitable courage and resolution., with very little tinge of cultivation, bute with a rare natural shrewdness in judging men and events he impresses all we come in contact with him with the extraordinary force of his nature. He is the fathwo'f-nd'-less than seventeen children. He belongs to a sect called the Hoppers, which is., derived from the Dutch word for an extinguisher, because they are desirous, of extinguishing all novelties since the Synod of Dort. Ardently religious, he is said to believe as strongly as Wesley in a direct personal inspiration guiding him in his acts. He is a great hunter of the most savage wild beasts. One finger Is wasting on one of his hands ; it was broken In hunting expedition, and it is a characteristic trait that he then and there amputated it himself. In a semi-final position, and with even more than regal power, he lives the life of a peasant, and although, I believe, an essentially just, wise, and strong man, he has all his countrymen's dread of an immigration of an alien element, and all their dislike and suspicion of an Industrial and mining community." Of the pressure of family influence in public life there is far too much (says a correspondent of the "Pall Mall Gazette"). The President, in particular, has been a most unblushing practitioner of nepotism. His relations lill many of the most important posts Piet Grobler, a grandson, a man of some energy, but of no real education, occupies the' important post of Under Secretary of Stated and exercises no small influence in high politics. Another grandson, Piet Kruger, was appointed over the heads of many senior men to the place of Master of the High Court, though possessed of no legal training or experience whatever. One of Kruger's younger sons, a notorious wastrel also destitute of education and official experience, is in control of the Secret Service Fund, which has on one occasion at least amounted to £120,000 in a single year. Another grandson, Hans Malan, is Chief Inspector of Repels, and yet another is in command of the fort at Johannesburg. The husband of one of his granddaughters Is ' Assistant State Attorney. The list might be greatly extended if notice were taken of remoter family connections. The " Daily Mail" 'adds some character sketches of the chief Boer leaders. Of General Piet Joubert it says : " Long- headed, shrewd, cold, and calculating, he is also by its means a typical Door. He has paid two or three visits to England, and perhaps -is one of the three or four in the toner Government circles in Pretoria who realises what war with England would mean. Still, he in no way lacks physical courage ; she has shown that time and again. He is essentially a. time server, a trimmer", a sltter-on-tihe-fence. When he contested the Presidential election against Kruger -no one took his candidature very seriously, he was so obviously put up as a vote-spltltter to Ensure. Kruger's return. tHIs ireMgltvus tenets are not ob- trusive, and he has never been found out in any very bad financial transactions. As a general in the field the Is cool and clever, and a thoroughly expert exponent of Boer fighting tactics, which are mainly of the ' shipping' order. He has now gone to the Natal 'border at Volksrust ; the next best Book Commander, Cronje, of Doornkop same, being -on the 'Marloo frontier, to wards Mafeking." Commandant Joubert's adjutant-general is a' German named Adolph S eh tel. Some thirty years' ago (says the " Daily Graphic") 'Hair Daniel, then a youth of about 20, was a lieutenant of Prussian hussars. He quitted the German service to emigrate to South Aflflloa, arriving in the land of gold and diamonds without a penny. . He first found era<Qloyimldnt with a German colonist in 'Natal as a transport rider, and in this capacity travelled over the best? part of South AWoa. He then married a daughter of a German missionary, and entered the Transvaal State service. The Government sent them, on a mission to the Zulu chief IMralaulu, whose chief Indians used councillor The, became. This was his period of Boer intrigues to evade the frontier WmltatlonS of the London Convention. Acting under Instructions from Pretoria, Schiel persuaded Dinizulu to send him on a mission to Berlin, where he vainly tried to persuade Prince Bismarck to intervene in the, affairs of Zululand. Happily the promptitude of the British Government defeated. this intrigue, and Schiel returned to the Transvaal. He was appointed Native 'Connniesl'onor far the Northern Ptrc -since. Here he devoted himself to pacifying the natives, and at the same time acquired a fine farm, which he named Rosita eh. -Soh'ipl'g next post was that of Chief Parisons Inspector of the Transvaal. Later on-!h'0'received the appointment of Captain of Artillery, and was sent to Berlin to perfect himself to gunnery tactics, a story "arfl'llM'y, and d'raAV up plane for the forts and fortresses now dotted about the Re- public. After 'the Jameson raid Herr Schick found his hands full in completing it'll armaments of the Transvaal. The Johannesburg fort was built under his direct supervision, and the was its first commandant. He is now General Jou Ebert's ttacMcal "ghost," and it is understood that the present. Boer plans of campaign have been chiefly drawn up for him. He is assisted by a staff of German ex- officers land a corps of German Uitlanders. 