The Woman's World. All the reasonings of a man arc not worth one senti mentof a woman."—Voltaire. Disguise our bondage as we will, 'tis woman, woman rules us still.—Moore. Curiosities of Marriage. Of all subjects, marriage is perhaps the | most generally interesting—except to! the married. Here is a catalogue of curiosities in matrimony: Probably the briefest courtship on record was that of John Bate and Mary Ann Bass, who were married in August, 1819, in a small town in Hew York State, after an acquaintance of one hour. A poet of the period thus immortalised the event:— Is this not angling well, I ask, Such tender bait to take ? He caught in one short hour a Bass ; The Base, though caught the Bate. On the other hand, long-extended courtships are by no means uncommon. A conspicuous one was that between Captain Thomas Baxter, of Quincey, and Miss Whitmore, who were united in Bridgewater in 1788. The bride groom was seventy- six years old, and the bride fifty-Seven. Their wedding brought to a successful issue a pro tracted and tedious courtship of forty eight years, which they both sustained with uncommon fortitude. Coming down to our own times, the year 1892 is noteworthy for perhaps the most expeditious marriage eere mony ever performed. It occurred in the States. The contracting parties wished to catch a particular boat, so a justice made them husband and wife in a carriage while the horses were be ing rapidly driven to the wharf. A minister refused' to unite the couple, and only ten minutes remained before the departure of the steamer ; and even in that brief space a justice was found and the knot was tied. The happy pair caught the boat. Marriages in queer places are but the natural outcome of this novelty loving age. In 1897 a wedding was gone through in a den of lions, when the bride and bridegroom, the clergyman, and as many of the brides maids as could find room, entered the den, and the entire ceremony was gone through. There were two lions ia the the cage, but they appeared too amazed to show ferocity. During the Chicago World's Fair a marriage took place on the Ferris Wheel, at a height of 250ft. above the ground. Another couple chose the in side of the head of a huge figure at the Goddess of Liberty in the Hew York harbour for the marriage. Very quaint too, was the idea of a bridegroom who I chose a spot jn a cemetery, close to the RMP his first~wi^aTTlre^^ene-ef his second marriage ceremony. Wed dings have been solemnised in balloons, and in coal mines,'by telephone, and on the pronograpb, in show win dows, and on house- roofs - in fact, in all sorts of places have twos been made ones, not excepting death-beds. In connection with death-bed mar riages, here is a remarkable incident. Some years ago a young Hungarian military officer was requested to pay a visit to a rich widow of sixty, who, the doctors said, was on the point of death. The soldier went, and the lady said that if he married her all her wealth would be his. Thinking the chance too great to be thrown away, he agreed, and they were married. Then a re markable thing happened; the sup posed dying woman picked up her health again, and lived for another twenty years, eventually going hence in 1890. It is a truly sad story, as the young man's life was ruined by his unhappy marriage. The chaplain of a country gaol once married a convict. The clergyman was a widower with quite a retinue of children. This exceptional union would not have been known but for the fact that the wife neglected to re port on her ticket-of-leave, and the officials of the Penal Department com plained accordingly. In consequence of this the chaplain was appointed to another prison. Many unexpected things have hap pened at weddings, but " it is rare in deed that one hears of a bride becom ing insane immediately after the cere mony. Such a case, however, occurred at Stuttgart. The couple was return ing home from the registry office, when suddenly the bride sprang from the carriage and ran to her mother house, where she threw herself on the floor screaming that ghosts were following her. The unfortunate lady had gone raving mad, and was taken to a lunatic asylum. In 1892, at Christchurcb, Hew Zea land, a woman minus arms was mar ried, the ring being placed on the fourth toe of the left foot. Such an event has occurred before. In the marriage register of the church of St. James, Bury, St. Edmunds, is this sin gular record:— 1832, Hovember 5, Christopher Hernson, Charity Morrell. Charity Morrell being entirely without arms the ring was placed upon the fourth toe of her right foot, and she wrote her name in the register with her right foot. —Daily Mail. Only one death from smallpox oc curred in London last year. In 1893 there were 3516 cases and 190 deaths. 