The Portland Millions. THE UNDERGROUND DUKE. The late Duke of Portland wa3 essentially a man of mystery. He was known to the world as the under ground duke. The range of Welbeck Abbey, standing in its park ten miles square not far from Nottingham, was not. enough for him, and he bur rowed beneath it and built chambers, and hall?, and passages, amid which he flitted like a ghost. He was unapproach nUln f\T Vll O Trill r\ :tt_i CT 1 ci « + -?/-»*-- A ny»^o cWed not speak to him. His food was placed on a table at which he was not ssen to sit, left there, and he emerged from his hiding place and ate it up. He roamed his subterranean picture gallery alone and feasted his sense of the artistic on splendid pictures, whose beauties he never shared in company with ano^ier. He sat in some hidden nook and watched his horses being exercised on a tan track a quarter or a mile in length. He had a ballroom', too beneath the sod, but he never joined the dancers who responded to the music that rose to the vaulted roof. When he went to Scotland, to Ayrshire or to Caithness, to visit his estates, he travel led alone. He kept no company of- any sort. The grounds were closed to the people when he was there. Bv this veto Troon was condemned to a standstill existence through many years, and had to be content as best it could to ste its sister towns grow into fashionable watering places while it remained a dull seaside town prosaically shipping its coals to Ireland and to parts abroad. He was in the world, yet not of it ; a lone, melancholy misanthrope, who could not bear to be known of his fellows, or even seen by them — and all, it is sam, uetauae iw was sminen ui sume incurable skin disease, with which no medical skill could cope, and which nothing could be done to alleviate. The owner of vast estates, and rich to the extent of some £300,000 a year, he lacked the happiness possessed by the humblest laborer on his lands. It he could not endure being looked at, neither could he find satisfaction in playing tho Good Samaritan behind the scenes ; and when he died he departed, like the old Israelitish King, without being desired. But if there be any truth in the story which appears to form the basis of the Druce claim to the Portland title and estates, his Grace had another side to his character, and one not less remark able than that of the ducal millionaire misanthrope. He was at once the nobleman and the commoner ; the un derground Dnke and an everyday man of business and of the world ; a solitary wanderer in the subterranean grottoes nf Wfilhpf.lr A hhsv a.r\d a. mpiv-hnrit of tho city of London ; a celibate and a married man. He was, the Druse story asks us to believe, a dual person ality ; and exceeding the bounds of fiction, he is alleged to have died as the commoner, and the merchant, and the bunedict, and the father of a flegitimate son who should have inherited his rank and titles and estates, and to have lived on as the celibate Duke. His remains, as plain Mr Druce, were, it is said, in terred in Highgate Cemetery in 1864, wKile he himself, as his Grace of Port land, lived on till 1879. The Di nee coffin, it is alleged, is empty, and there are witnesses -ready it js affirmed to swear they saw ' Old Mr Druce ' years arter his so-called funeral in ilighgate, and that they actually ' chaffed )l him about his funeral Such is the sort of story that formed the groundwork to the claim now being put forward by Mrs Druce on behalf of her son. So sati- fied is Mrs Druce that she can can make her case good that she has confidently predicted that her son Sydney will be Duke of Portland by Christmas ! It is pretty safe to say that he will be nothing of the sort. Whether he will ever be a Duke at all, indeed, must be regarded as in the furthest degree problematical. i^rs Druce, however, is well hacked finan cially, her agents have made careful in quiry into the bona fides of her claim, and there is every chance of a cause celebre. In the whole circumstances, and in view of the remarkable character of the whole business, a detailed state ment of the case cannot fail to be in teresting as well as informing to our readers. Mrs Druce s maiden name was Anna Maria Butler. Her father was steward to the Earl of Pembroke, and that nobleman, acting as one of her guardians, on the death of her father, sent her from Ireland, where her early voirc TOj-jrfl or\i3-nf- -fri 1^ n rvl o n A P/-vi» ]-i.,n education. At college she was a co studeit with Frances, the sister of her future husband, and it was through the close friendship she formed with this young lady that she, fir^t met Mr Waller Druce. He wa1? the son of Mi Thomas Charles Druce. of Baker-street Bazaar and Hslcombe House, Mill Hill, Hendon, and Mr Druce, junior, had no reason to believe that he was other than he seemed. The young couple lived happily enough together after their marriage. Their circumstances were good, and ihpy enjoyed life in the or dinary fashion until the death of the husband in 1880. Mrs Druce was then Jert with two children, and she had a hard enough struggle.' to make ends meet. She took to residence in board ing houses, and eked out. a rather Bohemian but in every way honor able existence until, early this ymr, she announced to an astonished world, and to an amazed and in credulous London society, that her son Sydney was none other than the heir to the dukedom and wealth of Pottland, and that Thomas Charles Druce, or the Baker-street Bazaar, the lad's grandfather, was h.deed, also, in Jekyll and Byde fashion, the under ground Duke, the recluse of Welbeck Abbey. Diuce, otherwise the then Marquis of Ticbfiv-ld, married according to the claimant, Annie May, an illegitimate daughter of the fifth Earl of Berkeley. Lord G°orge Bentinck, his brother, was a rival with him for the hand of the fair Anriies, and the father , of the two young men favored his suit, i He treated the Marquis, when he re monstrated, with scuru and contempt, and referred in very gross terms to the skin disease from which he suffered. In 1848 Lord George Beiitiuck was l'ouud dead at Welbeek Abbey. The cause of death was said to be disease of. the heart. There is a dire suggestion that there was another cause. ' From that tim^,' aecord icg to Mrs Druce, ' my husband's father suffered the keenest reiuor&e; ami J the most abj ct fear. Nearly always in a state of terror, he took various courses for liis protection, and, adopting the name of Thomas Charles Druce, trans ferred to h mself, as Druce, imuieme property from himself as Duke if Port land. You kno'it? quite well,' she con- ' tinues, ''th« manner in which he under mined Welbdk Abbey wiih sub terranean apartments ; he did pre cisely the same thm§ with Baker street Bazaar, his desire in ec.eh case ueing inat ne rnigut nave always ready a place of refuge. But realising the risk of exposure to which he was subj- cting himself by his double exist ence, he determined to end his life as Druce, and with that purpose caused a coffin to be buried with his supposed remains.' PtTTTTK'C: TWO INft TWO TCUZ W.T Ht?.R I Pursued stili further by the terrors of an outraged conse'ence, the , claimant goes on to aver Druce changed bis name and took that of Banner. As Harrner he feigned madness, and was confined for ts year in a private refuge under the care of Dr Forbes Winslow, who was thoioughly satisfied thai the lunacy was genuine, who treated him as he thought th« cuse needed, and who discharged him in due t.imo pnvorl IVfro Tempo's Vim-hanr! Walter. Thomas Druce, wa? not, it should be said, the only child born to the couple. There w»s another son and daughter ; but these, according to the claimant, were born out of wedlock, and therefore they cannot rank as legitimate or as having any claim on the title or estates. By what means, it must be asked here, had Mrs Druc« made th« discovery that her father in-law had been none other than the Duke of Portland 1 Her husband had always declared his belief that he was a nobleman in disguise, and Mrs Druce was not quite satisfied that she and her children had obtained all that was their due out of the Druce property. She therefore kept on searching among the records at Hendon, and it was while thus engaged that she came across a reference to some copyhold land that had belonged to her father-in-law. Tracing it further back she found that it had not belonged to a Dr-ce but to the Duke of Portland. If trans ferred to Druce it must have been by the Duke ot Fortland ; and putting two and two together, the claimant came to the conclusion that Thomas Charles Druce and the Duke of Portland were one and th« same individual. If that were so, then it must be, Mrs Druce j argued, that Thomas Charles Druce had not really died in 1864. He had only lived as Drnce, and because it suited him to die as Druce. As the Duke of Portland he had lived till 1879. . PLAYISG FOR A GREAT STAKE. Given these things as true, the funeral of 1864 must have been bogus. The coffin couid not really have con tained a corpse, and the whole thing must have been a fsree. The witness to the Drace death, was Herbert May, the illegitimate son of Thomas Charles Druce. Beyond this Mrs Druce could nofc finl proof of actual death. The death certificate register at Someset House slifi nvors in bear no doctor's name. There was beyond any doubt a coffin and a funeral. It cost over £10' for the funeral, the vault, and the cemetery fees, but if what the claimant avers be true, the whole thing was a gioss fraud and a de ception. But more than this, it is averred that Mr Druce was seen by different people nvive and well long after his '?' death and burial.' Dr For bes Window, who knew him as ' Farmer ' when ostensibly he was out of his mind, is one of those ; and a lady who knew him well tcstifie? to' having seen him two years, and again 12 years, after his death. On the first occasion she. spok« to him about dying. .He' was v- rv ftnsrrv, and wished to hefir no more iibout.it. ,-;On the latter occasion he looked much; older, »ncJ complained of being unwell. Ms P race's present claim'is to have the coffin in the Highgate Cemetery openei. If what she says be true, there is lead in it, but no remains of a human body. For some months she has been trying to obtain the necessary power to obtain a resurrection of t!ie 'body.' From the Bishop of London she went to the Chanct-llor of the Diocpse, and he gave permission to have tho vault opaied. This permis sion the Court of Queen's Bench annulled. Then the applicat'on came before Sir Charles Jeune, who decided in Mrs Druce's favor. From Sir Charles Jeune an appeal was taken to the Master of the Rolls, and again Mrs Druce obtained a verdict in her favor. ' MYSTERIOUS VEILED LADY.' .Li* in u.kj ujcuufi lununs even yeis uow ever, that the coffin will be opened. The law peimits other opportunities for delay, and these will doubtless be availed of ; but Mrs Druee has so far had the best of it, and she is - not the sort of woman to sit down and fold her hands in the face of the enemy. She is play ing1 for a great stake for her boy — a dukedom, wealth in houses and lands, the heirdom of many traditions and historic associations, and there is no reason to doubt that in due time she will succeed in having the case thrashed out on its merits. We may add that at the last f-itting of the Court a lady wit ness appeared deeply veiled. Wifch the consent of the Court she was publicly addressed ^s ' Mrs Hamilton,' though admittedly that was not her real name. She swore that she had conversed with Mr T. C. Druce— who is alleged to have ( been the Duke of Portland and perhaps also some other person — again and again after he was supposed to be buried, it has since been stated that I the mysterious ' Mrs Hamilton ' was the . Do-vagar Duchess of Abercorn, and Mrs | Druce herself has given some color to t.hp rnmnr hv Kfcnt.i nor that tViA witnpos signed her depositions in that name. However, the most unequivocal denial is given to the statement by the Earl of Monntedgeenmb, son-in-law of the Duc hess, and there can be no doubt that Mrs Druce is mistaken All the same it is certain that ' Mrs Hamilton ' was someone whose name would have caused a sensation, and that she is a lady of most aristocratic pedisree. The first guess has been a bad shot, but there are sure to be more. 