THE TESTIMONY OF ESTHER SANDYS. BY ROMA WHITE. CHAPTER XII. And what of Esther ? How had it come about that Joniah had had no word from the . woman he had married two years ago in the church at Lancaster ? This is what had happened after her recognition of her first husband, and Burely pity can excuse her for her silence. After the storm Bhe had slumbered uneasily into the morning, and when Bhe awoke, Humphrey, fully dressed, was Btanding look ing down upon her. She stretched out her hand to him, but did not speak. This was, just then, the effect of physical exhaustion. The intense shock which she had received had loft her in a condition of nervous lassi tude in which mind and brain shrank mechanically from any furthei taxation of their powers. ' Are you better ?' Humphrey asked her, still with some anxiety. ' I am quite well,' she answered, calmly. She would have Bpoken then, if she could, but she was incapable of the effort. ' Do you know that everything is packed, and that apost-chaiBeis waiting down below, and that, as soon as you are dressed and have had some breakfast, we must be off ?' he asked, smiling kindly at her, relieved by her quietness, which appeared U him that of re covered strength. ' Is it so late 1' she inquired, mechani cally. ' You were up late laBt night, you know. Ah I here is Janet to help'you.' He left the room as Janet entered it, and Esther greeted the woman with her new dull calm. She dressed in silence and passed into the next room. Humphrey awaited her at the breakfast-table, and . urged her to make a substantial ineal. She sat down, and poured out his tea, and lietened to his conversa tion. By-and-bye she realised thai he was telling her about the wreck. All on board iiad been lost but the man she had seen upon the bench the night before ; and he was ensconced in tho best bedroom, slightly de hriouB.and quite prostrate after the exposure. ' Will he die? ' asktd Esther. ' They hope to pull him through,' re joined Humphrey. ' No one knowB his name. However, I've left some money with the landlord for him. ' ' He hurried her a little after thiB, for tho post-chaise had been some time waiting. When she was inside it, rumbling away from the scone of the tempoBt and of that terrible night, she pressed her forehead against the -padded cushions, and tried to think. The identity of Josiah Phizacklea had not been discovered: she endeavoured to be lieve that Bhe might have been mistaken, though at the bottom of her heart she was convinced she had made no error in her recognition. She turned it all over and over in her weary brain. Then the apathy des cended upon her again, and she sank into a hopeless qnietude,and allowed events to take their course. Esther was only brought home to suffer a . sharp attack of illnesB, which everybody put down to the nervous shock she bad received on the night of the storm. The true nature of that shock was still concealed; though, as each day passed by, she expected the revela tion to come from Little Tarnside. Josiah must inevitably have returned there, and he was not likely to maintaiu silence on the Bubjectof the wedding. Mr. Eglin, were he still Vicar, would hear of it, and would, of course, communicate with Humphrey. She bogan to listen apprehensively for the Bound of .tlie bull which the postman carried on his rounds: and the Bight of a letter carrier on horse-back made her shiver all over . with nervous terror. Gut, us the days and weeks passed by without bringing tlie -dreaded news from ' Little Tarnside, this mental attitude began to., change. She commenced to wonder whether Josiah had ever gone back again; or whether, if he had returned, he had not perhaps believed himself to have* no claim upon her. When this thought came, like a ray of hope, she , ceased to lie motionless, with closed eyes and trembling hps, upon the couch in the oak pannelled room; and began to move fitfully, and rather restlessly; hither . and thither in tho Priory. She waB waking .,up to a realisation of the possibility of escape; and, with fresh consciousness, she better comprehended the entire position. Her own connection with Little Tarnside ,was oompletely Bevered. Tim kept up no correspondence in those days of rare letter writing; and tho situation of the Priory was, to tlie inhabitants of Furness, a meaningless looality somewhere in a remote South. If Josinh Phizacklea had. as on consideration sho found possible, maintained Bilence con cerning that ceremony at Lancaster.Bhe need never reveal to Humphrey that she hud seen her first husband on the night of the storm at Chase Heyes. . , The temptation was strong; and, as each day passed, it increased the impossibility of tolling Humphrey what Bhe knew. But the fight was too much for her strength. She fell ill again, and, when her son was born, I hero was a pitiful struggle between life and death. The physician who attended her heard the : faint delirious accents, but took little note of them ; and Humphrey wai seldom allowed in the sick room. Then, as ske grew stronger Bho bccame quiet again. Tie doctor, per ceiving that this slight young thing had more power of self-control than would bo credited to her by a carcless observer, hKd told her, quietly and firmly, that if she excited or dis tressed hersolf, her ohild would be a sufferer. Tho warning was sufficient for Esther. . She put away her trouble, with a resolution and calm that aBConished even herself at times. She determined to think out themuKer, and tn see what must WS done, wlion tlie was fully recovered, but no sooner. It w;s, however, (luring hor convalescence that slu developed the habit of lying, in her quiit moments,' with firmly clenched hands;' besraying un consciously that she held . her mmtal activi ties in a similarly inflexible custody. p Humphrey was very happy a this period | of Ilia life. A new tenderness, lid awakened ( in him for his wife, und he reoiced in the t , possession of hiB Bon, who, he tested, would £ become -more like u human fcingasitime 1 advanced. Lady Sandys was jubilant; but | . Esther, with quick instinct, reoTsed that nny ?j ilfection her grandmother miibt have once J felt.for herself had been transjrred.to hpr '^''tfS'b'yr ; In truth, her tiny ladyship had neyer 'loved Esther for her own penBonality, but for iter surname. The .baby now.uBiirped all the cumni-H of itB great-grandmother's heart*. i.for.itioontainea ita niiauto porson, a moro iiOondenBed.tesBence ;of the uiood of all the Sandys. She always asserted that it poB-. ' sessed the family eyes, though the hazel orbs, of the Jupps stared and, bjiuked solemnly at tho firelight from the cradle by, the mother's bed. Lady Sandys wont buck to Hurst Hall soon. 1 , after Esther had, taken, her ordinary place in . | ho Priory. Her lost wards to- the young ...mother contained -an injunction, always to lot tho baby wear flannel next to its skin. As Bhe drove away in the family cliaiso, how ever, she shook her head with a dainty airy motion, as if Bhe nrould not answer for any consequences that might en3ue as a rcBult of her departure. And when she reached her own home she sat down 'and penned a long letter to her grand-daughter, containing in stuctions which Bhe had omitted to specify during her visit. Esther laughed with somo renewal of her old merriment over tho document. She read it sitting under the elm trees, Bhaded from the hot July sunshine, with her baby on her lap. Then she put it away, and Bat looking down into the tiny pink face against her bosom. She was not aware that Bhe made a picture, but a pair of eyes fixed upon hor as their owner advanced, found her pleasing to their regard, and veiled their usual bold glances with an expression of admiration and senti ment. Then FitzRoy Sandys came up to the elm-trees, and bowed low before her. 'Mr. fitzRoy Sandys! When did you come? ' she exclaimed with a certain quaint ness that he found pleasing now he could trace in her tones no accent of the peasant. ' Five minutes ago, precisely. I have come te beg Humphrey's hospitality — aud your own.' He had not seen her since her mar riago, and his eyes travelled slowly up and dawn her figure and over her face and hair, as if to appreciate every detail of the change. ' We shall be pleased to enter tain you,' Esther answered, with the little dignified air, Bhe sometimes wore now. ' If you would be good enough to ring the bell at the front-door, Janet will come for the baby and 1 will find Humphrey.' ' Let me take baby. It is— ah— quite a new toy, iB it not ?' said FitzRoy, with im perturbable gravity. Esther flushed a little, and hugged her baby nervously. She resented this tone he alwayB took with her, which was tinged with tho protective familiarity t.hut a young man might use to a child. ' Are you afraid that I shall break it ?' he continued, in the same fashion, sitting down beside her on the garden seat. ' i assure you I will carry it with the greatest circumspection. I will not even prick it with a pin to see if the sawdUBt will come out.' ' I do not care for such jokes, Mr. Fitz Roy Sandys,' said Esther suddenly, turning to him with gravity, and pressing her baby's j face againBt her shoulder that FitzRoy might not catch so much aB a glimpse of it. ' Be kind enough to do as 1 asked you.' | He rose then immediately, bowed his head j and went acroBB the lawn to the door. As he went he smiled to himself. ] ' My little lady has improved since her j marriaee.' he thought. ' Ablo to hold her | own now. I shall enjoy my visit here, ? evidently.' Janet came ont in answer to the bell, and took the little warm white bundle away into | tho house. Then Esther rose with a touch of . langour, folded her light shawl about her shoulders, and led FitzRoy round to the side ' entrance which would admit them opposite j the door of the library. He went in to announce himself to Humphrey ; and Bhe left i him, to give her orders to the servants, j When she returned to her seat under the elm- j trees her husband and guest joined her. She listened to their desultory talk, scarcely tak ing in itB import, so sad were her mnsiugs. , They were speaking of Jonathan Gibson. ' He is getting worse- Michael told . me the other day that he is always taking the keys of tho Church, aud lockiug himself in there. Michael has taken him and his daughter to livn with him. But the daughter i has found work in one of the printing- mills , further up the valley.' I ' It is where Tim is,' broke in .Esther. ' Saranna lodges there with an old woman, j and only comes home for Sundays.' j ' Ah ?' said Fitzroy carelessly. ' Ah ?'' j Humphrey glanced at him, but he ap peared unconscious, and toBsed a rosebud at the peacock. | ' They say,' went on Esther, ' that the poor old man is much worse Binco his daugli:. ter left him. He has made himself an en tire suit of -that queer red velvet he has al ways been fond of wearing, and he preaches iu it, every night, at the Elm Tree Corner, in the village.' ' Oh, I heard something of that,' said FitzRoy. ' I believe he ia foretelling the end of all tho Sandys, and says that shortly a great disaster is to burst upon us.' Esther shivered, and shrank up to her hus band. Humphrey looked vexed. ' I wish I could fiud soma way to stop him,' he Baid. ' It i3 a nuiBance.' The talk ceased there, and presently the xlr03sing- bell rang. After dinner FitzRoy dawdled in the garden till the summer night closed in; and then told Humphrey he should take a walk. It was too hot to go to bed at all in Buch weather, he added, as he set off towards the village. It waa Saturday night, and the lights were in rather later than usual ; but FiuRoy soon left their radiance behind, and strode up the hill in the direction of Michael Gibsjn, the sexton'B cottage, which stood a little way out of GloBford. He was at some distance from it when a sound of pattering footsteps broke through his own heavier tread. An approaching figure was unrecognisable i utile darkness, but, as it advanced,- FitzRoy gave a little cough. The slight form that loomed before him appeared to hesitate, then stood still, and spoke his name in a low voice. ' Is it you, sir ?' I-might say is it you, Saranna ?' ,His toneB were hushed, but they sounded amused and pleased. Ho put out his hand, and drew the girl to him with a. familiar caressing gesture. ' So you : knew , I . was in Glosford, Saranna ?' ' Yep, sir.' 'There, is no need to start away from me, or to, try to peer through the darknoss in that manner. .Nobody ia on this lonely road.'-- ' I dursn't be seen wi' you, sir. Please let ine go. 1 ' 'Not yet. Do you know, I was so anxious to see you that I cams to Glosford on pqrpose.' ''j ' Please, please, let me go, Bir.' The girl was half crying, submitting to his caressos, but starting nervously at every rustling , leaf. FitzRoy, however, only laughed, and drew her nearer to him. 'Come up on to the nioors with me, Saranna.' , She. drew, away from him. again ; and, as he pulled her back, something heavy in her apron pocket swung against,, him, giving out a jingling sound in the darknesB. ?. ' Haveypu got the teaspoons . in, your pocket, Saranna '?' he uskeii idly, insisting on drawing her closely to.his side. ' No, sir! It's t' Church keys. Uncle leaves -them wi' me when he goes out o' nights.' ' The Church keys ! Come, I hove a capi tal idea. You shall let us into the'Churuh, and we. y»ill,h#ve a talK ,in the belfry. We shallbe quite safe front interruption there, anil you. won't keep, jumping about and dis locating that little neck of yours every time that a leaf stiru.' ? ' Indeed, , indeod I , dursn't,, sir,' mur mured. Saranna, considerably scandalised at such a sacrilegious idea. ' Of course you dare. Run along ami wait for mo in tho porch. You aren't afraid of ghosts in the graveyard, aro you ?' ' 1 dursn't,' repeatd Saranna, but leBS de cidedly than before. FitzRoy smiled to him self in tho darkness. A few more kissoB, a few more whispered cajoling words, and the weak vain girl succumbed. Sho wont swiftly away towards tho gravevyard, while FitzRoy sought the Church from a slightly different direction. Glosford Church stood between the village aud tho Priory, and a wide green lay level on its North side. The tombstoneB were barely distinguishable ou this mooulight night, and FitzRoy knocked against several as he made a short out across the graveyard. Saranna, trembling u little, nnaitod him among the black shadows of tho porch. She was less oxcited than frightened, but FitzRoy re garded the whole adventure as a very accept able. piece of amusement. Ho took the key from the girl's quivering lingers, and sought for the keyhole in the darkness. They dared not make much sound, and Saranna shook all over as the heavy door creaked on its hinges, Once inBide the Church, however, she felt leas alarmed; especially when FitzRoy closed and locked the door again, that they might be entirely secure from interruption. ' It's very wicked, iBn't it ?' murmured Saranna, as they felt thsir way cautiously up the centre aisle, where the Btrewn rushes rustled under their feet. 'Wicked? Nonsense I What is there wicked about it ?' ' Only — ttaeer are angels an' devils i' churches, I thought.' ' Do you think the devil will spring out of the chancel and run away with us ?' ' I don't know — I'm rather feared, Bir.' ' I will take care of you, Saranna. What's this ?' As his hand, travelling over the par tition of a big square pew, came in contact with a wreath of tinselly paper. ' They're t' wreaths for Ellen o' Lucas's sir. tloo died last Saturday, an' th 'Church war all hung wi' them for her.' ' What aie they made of? ' ' O' whjte paper roses, mostly. They allayi hang 'em up for an unwed lass.' ' Hum,' said FitzRoy, as he pushed aBide the rustling papers, ' real flowers would look much nicer. There I have man aged to open that heavy door, Saranna. Come in and sit down.' Ho drew the unwilling girl into the big un comfortable pew, and then sat down by her side upon the bench that wub fixed gainst tlio partition. ' Yes, I came for the sole purpose of see ing you, Saranna. I did not know how to contrive to let you hear I was in Glosford.' ' t soon heard o' it. sir.' ' Well, when am I going to see you again, oow that I have managed to get hold of you? ' ' I don't know. sir. I'm afraid o' father.' ' He need not know anything about it.' ' I think one or two fowk do know i't' village, sir.' ' Nonsense — what's that? ' FitzRoy's voice, which had been amused and caressing, suddenly sharpened, Saranna would have eried out, but, with some instinct of her lack of control, he placed his hand swiftly upon her mouth. A ray of light j was travelling across the chancel, widen ing very moment, as the little north-east door was swung noiselessly open upon its hinges. ' Stoop down,' whispered FitjRoy, ' and keep still.' Saranna obeyed him, trembling so violently that he feared every moment she would ciy ] out. He also crouched back against the side of tho pew, but watched the opening door i with intentness. In another minute they both perceived that the intruder was Jona- ! than Gibson himself. He eame noiselessly j into the chancel, a swinging lantern in his j hand, the rays of which fell round him in a | circle of yellow light, and brought out . touches of snowy whiteness from his beaid, , and shone glassily upon the balls of his eyes. When Saranna saw the stern impressive illuminated face of her father, and watched his tall Bhadowy form move slowly forward not teu yards from where she crouched with FitzRoy in the pew, she went nearer to fainting than ever she had gone in her life. FitzRoy, however, remained observant and calm. The spice of danger to Saranna and himself in this adventure excited him pleasantly; and he even Bihiled a little at the thought of the predicament in which they were placed. Jonathan Gibson, however, did not ap proach the body of the Church. He stepped cautiously across the chancel, his lantern sending travelling yellow gleams across the knobs and Burfaces of the shadowed choir. Then lie placed the light upon the ground, fumbled in his pocket for a bunch of keys which lie presently brought forth, and in serted one of their number into the low iron bound door that led into Ihe vaults. Tho key turned with u grating sound, the door swung open, and Jonathan took up his lantern again, and disappeared into the narrow dark opening. They heard his cau tious footsteps on the stairs; and FitzRoy released his admonitory clasp of Saranna's arm. ' Where halt he gone ?' he whiBperod curiouBly. ' I cannot tell, sir.' ' Have you time to get out before he comes back ?' ' I think I might venture, -sir.' ' Then be quick. I believe he is down in the vault.' The sound of Jonathan's footsteps had quite died away, and there was time for Sar anna to escape before hor father returned into the church. Fitz-ltoy pushed open the door of the pew, and hurried her down the rush-suewn aisle. When they reached the door they paused to listen, but no sound broke the stillness of the Church.' With a little fumbling FitzRoy once more dis covered the kevhole. turned the heavv kev with a muttered oath at the giating noise it made, and stepped quickly with Saranna in to the cool dark air of tho night. ' There, take the key and'run home as quickly as you can.' he whispered; ' I will go another way.' Saranna needed no second bidding; she hurried down the road as fust as her trembl- i ing liinbs, would bear her, quite forgetting that they had made no appointment fur a fu ture meeting. FitaRoy, loft in the porch, gave a relieved sigh, then laughed Bilcntly to himself. The footsteps of the' girl had not died away beforo he, too, issued from the shelter, of the Church, moved swiftly round the north side of the graveyard — where the tomsbtones were scanty and the nettle pro; fuse— and tried the handle of the small eastern door, through which Jonathan had himself passed into the chancel. The old man had neglected the precaution of locking it behind him, and it yielded easily to FitzRoy's push. . In two minutos moro he had followed Jonathan Giboon down the nar row dark. stairs that led into the vault below the church, his shoes making little or no sound upon the dunty boards. Now that Saranna had escaped in safety, FitzRoy was prepared to onjoy his unexpected adventure to the full. The vault below Glosford Church had once been the family burial-place of the Sandys. None of the present generation, however, wero laid beside the rotting bones of their forefathers. FitzRoy had never been into the vault before, and he shivered as its damp i air encircled him. A feeble yellow patch of light shone ; at the .far end, and in this little illumination ho perceived the bent shadowy form of Jonathan GibBon. All else in the vault waB aB black as a cavern and as impenetrable as a moonless midnight. FitzRoy Sandys was no coward, and he was determined to Bee tho meaning of this business. He crept cautiously and. noise-- lessly towards the light, ; any rustlings he may have made inaudible on account of cer tain sounds which proceeded from the neigh bourhood of Jonathan Gibson ; tearing, rip ping, Bounds, suggestive of stuff dragged for cibly from some adhesive mbBtance. When lie was within a few steps of Jonathan, Fitz Roy paused instinctively, for ho Baw.at once what manner of work it was upon which the old sexton. was occupied. Jonathan ? bent . over a wide wooden coffin, the , lid of . which, had been broken .open and shifted slightly to one side. The inner coffin of soldered lead was distinctly visible, but it was not with the boneB of the dead that Jonathan hud any concern. The outer coffin, of line oak, nras lined throughvut with a covering of crimson velvet; und this velvet the old sexton hurriedly tore and ripped from the sides, dropping the pieces into an open wallet which lay upon tho ground beside him. The secret of Jonathan's costume had been discovered ut last. FitzRoy SandyB waited only for a few moments, as soon aB he saw and comprehended the old man's midnight business in tho vaultB of tho Churoh. lie had no wish to quarrel with Jonathan to night, nor to betray his presence to the old man. He crept back along the vault as he had como, the sexton remaining too intent upon his work to hear him, In two or three minutes FitzRoy had left the Church and stood in the graveyard outside. There, it must- be confessed, ho sat upon a tombstone, and laujiied silently, until tho tears ran down his cheeks with his suppressed mirth. ' Good cousin Humphrey! ' he murmured to himself, 'good cousin Humphrey! I shall have an interesting adventure to relate to you in tho morning.' (To be continued.) 