¡ NEWS ANJJ NOTES. In a Pennsylvania marriage the othoi day the bride was 100 yoais old and the groom tvv o years older Both wore wealthy ïho lady, a cousin of Abraham Lincoln, has 11 cliildten of a foi nu i maiuago still living Queen Victoria iccpivod a curious ptescnl the othoi day, a bit of the wooden post to winch Sir Rudolf Slutin was chained when a ctplivo at Omdui in in It was presented by Su Ruldolf himself, who was Her Majesty's guest Princess Victoria of Wales an anges Howers beautitully, and usually pre pans the dinner tube decorations at Sundungliam It i» Princess Victoria, also, who frequently makes up the buttonholes so much wotn by tho Prince of Wales So many cattle aie killed by light nmg while standing near wiro fences that it has boen proposed to diminish the d mger by means of ground vvnos, which would conduct tim dectncity duringa thunduitonn fiom tho fence w11 ps into the en th Siamese women enttust their children to the euro of elephants, which ate care ful npvpr to hui b the httlo creatuies , and, it danger threatens, the sagacious animal will cutl the child gently up in his trunk, and swm¿ it up outof hauu's way upon its own broad back fepejking at Now buijy the otliei day, tho Bishop of Oxfotd,Dr Stubbs, had some dcjnessinfj things to say about tho increado ot clerical povoitj He said that tho means of providing for life insui anee and for tho education of their childien vveie becoming gieutlj mote íestiictcd among tho cleigy A rotnoikablo marriage is íoported to have just taken place at Galena, Kansas Tho bride was Mis Maiy Douglas, aged 102, and the hndegioom James Moi g in, iged 70 Mis Douglas was boi n m Tennessee in 1717, and has been mat tied three times bho is a spi tghtly old lady in excellent health Tho bheiman umbrolla/jdeviocd for the Pans Exposition of 1900 as a uval of the Gi eat Wheel, consists of a gigantic steel sti ucture 350ft high, built on the pnuciplo of an umbrella To the steel beams which act as ribs aro fastened 10 cats, cauying 350 passengi is, and, as the umbrella is opened by hydraulic piessuro the cats aie earned up AVhon the top is leached the umbrella will revolve, Thospiead of tho ribs will be 250ft A fanner, exceedinglyiwell to do, was the warden at his own church. A strange parson who had preached was dumbfounded vvhon in his vestry ho saw tho warden select and pocket the largest coin. " What are you about ? " ho gasped. The warden smiled. " I have led the collection in this church for a dozen years with this half-crown," ho remarked, " and I am nob going to part with it." In South America there exists a kind of fish which may be described as a freshwater locust. The creatures are not more than 4in. . or Oin. long, but their dauger lies in their enormous numbers and insatiable voracity. They. aro. veritable blood- hounds that fairly fill the waters and attack all copiers an droves and swarms. If any foreign object diops into the stream it is at once surrounded by thousands, and if alive it is reduced to a skeleton in a marvellously short time. Horses in wading a stream have been so terrorised by the attacks of these unseen foes that they have fallen over, and hoi-so . and rider havo been drowned. Shakespeare seems to stand in need of revision to suit the times, particu- larly in regurd-to tho-fttfniliar -tofor onco to The whining schoolboy, with his satchel And shining morning fuce, creeping like snail Unwillingly to school. A South London Board schoolmaster lately, passing along one of the back streets to school, heard a lad's cries proceeding from a house known to him as the home of one of his boys. When I the school assembled he noticed that tho lad was present, but with a tell- tale redness of the eyes. "Tommy," said the' master, "I heard an awful noise when I passed your house this morning." " Yessir," roplied. the lad ; "ib.vvasine. Muvyor was givia' mea hidin' eos' I wanted to como to school, an' she didn't want me to." Eighty-four years ago the Battle of Waterloo was fought. There are two, and only two, survivors of those who attended the famous ball the night before the battle. They are Lady LouisajTighe, born in 1803, and Lady Sophia Georgina Cecil, born 180Ö. They aro tho daughters of the Duchess of Piichmond who gave the ball, and who was the mother of seven sons and seven daughters. The two survivors are the aunts of the present Duke of llicli mond, who is 82 years of age. Tlio Paris correspondent of " M.A.P." tells a pathetic little story of the fears with which the wife of Presi- dent Loubet regarded her husband's elevation to the head of the States. A lady, a friend of la Presidente-they have known each other from girlhood -went to the Elysée to congratulate Madame Loubet. Ono of the Presi- dent's children plucked her by the gown, and said :-"Don't say anything to mamma about papa's becoming Pre- sident, it makes her cry so." Madame Loubet, I may add, was not .singular in thus regretting the consummation of hor husband's ambitions. While M. Felix Faure's election was going on Madame Faure and Mile. Lucie Fauro wcio kneeling before "Our Lady's Altar" in tho Madeleine, burning waxen tapers beforo the shrine, praying for the rejection of Felix Faure. Is not this a pathetic picture in the light of all after events? Ab a ball duung last season, in Dublin, the well known and charming hostess, wishing to got a partnet toi one of hoi guests, asked a gentleman if she might introduce him to tho young lady. ' Oh, yes, ' he drawled at fectedl), "trot her out" This was ovei heard by the intended pai tnei, who was Irish in wit as well as beauty, and an intimate friend of the hostess So, when the youth was mtioduced to her she bowed, calmly suiveyed lum fiom hpad to foot, and then quietly said, " Thank you, now trot him back, please ' " That is a veiy ni etty and charactoi istic little stoiy or Rosa Bonheur She had very few physical advantages fiom nature , but she had one, and she knew it Mi Goodall, R A, who in the early days of his caieot painted a portrait of Rosa Bonheur, recalls that, before he commonced to woik, sho said ' Mi Goodall, you must put m my boots, foi I hav e a small foot " So the boots weie painted, and the great paiutei's pude in hei little loot satisbed At Aberystwyth a wedding was solemnised lately in which all the parties concerned bore the name of Jones The bridegroom was Richard Jones, and the bride was Elizabeth Jane Jones. The witnesses were John Robert Jones and Annie Jones. The minister was the Rev. R. E. Jones, and the regis- trar the Rev. William Jones. Ianthe Arnot ican Museum of Natural History is a famous akeletou of an oxtinctammiil called the "xihenacodus," ¿«.covered ni Wyoming, and behoved by geologists to represent tho eaihest foi m of the hoi»c The animal was about as large as a sheep, ralhei slender, with a long tail, and live toos on each foot, but three of the toes did nearly all the woik It is essential to hei well-being that woman should have a pet or hobby of some description, and women of brains aro not exempt from this chaiactor istic. Among her many pets, Í Marie Corelli numbers ono of thoso very old-fashioned creatures, a tor- toise, whose correct ago no man knowoth. Tortoises are very ugly creatures, wo know, and Miss Corelli will not have anything that is wanting in beauty about her, if she can help it. Sho has" had tho back of this'lucky tortoise studded with diamonds, emeralds, rubies, sapphires, and other precious stones. This has considerably enhanced it< value, therefore a thin gold chain has been added. Of course, the setting of the stones cost the, tortoise nob a second of pain. To see the creature slowly moving about, with its own peculiar gait, is a distinctly quaint siglit. When Colonel Hector Macdonald, C.B., who has been_ appointed to com- mand thoSirhind district ia IucHa, takes over the charge, ho will have in his command tho !)2nd Highlanders, his old regiment. Lieut.-Colonel Dick Cunningham, V.O., who is now in com- mand of the 02nd Highlanders, and who will, therefore, bo under General Macdonald, was un ollicer in this regi- ment when General Macdonald was a sergeant, and so also was Lieut.-Colonel Cooke- Collis, now in command of the 31th Bengal pioneers, which regiment will also be in General Macdonalds command. Seldom, if ever, in the history of the British army has time so | quickly reversed the position of officer and sergeant. Speaking at the meeting of tho S.P.C.A., Bishop Julius pub forth a suggestion for educating the people in the way of driving horses. Ile had ridden, ho said, behind good drivers, who would not intentionally hurt their horses, but from igtioi ance did so, and ho thought that ab times something might appear in the newspapers on such a subject. The fact was that many of our drivers, both male and female, took to driving by luck. They were never taught, and had not the faintest ghost of a notion how to do it, and the horses suffered accordingly. A few instructions in the way he had suggested would have great value indeed. The success of wireless telegraphy and the remarkable capabilities of the Hertz rays have led a French electrical .siivanu, Dr. Lo Bon (states a Dakiel message from Paris) to turn his atten- tion to the possibility of applying this force to modern warfare. The result is tile startling announcement that he hopes shortly to perfect an apparatus by winch, seated comfortably at home, several miles inland, iie would be able to project a current capable of anni- hilating a fleet hovering off the coast. The oxplosion would bo occasioned by tlie shower of sparks resulting from the contact between the projected current and the electric wires on board tho ship, which shower would be so intense as to immediately ignite the powder und shell I on board. The Primo Minister, according to Mr. Lucy, in the Juno Strand, rarely bakes notes as a preliminary to taking part in a debate. A sentence that strikes Lord Salisbury is burnt in upon his memory. When the proper moment comes ho quotes it withoutlapñng into paraphrase. A colleague of the Premier's tells Mr. Lucy he once spoke to him admiringly of this wonderful gift. Lord Salisbury explained that ho adopted the habit from necessity rather than from choice. He felt hopelessly hampered with written notes, often finding difficulty in reading. them. Feeling the necessity of mastering the preciso turns of particular phrases as they dropped from the lips of a debater, he gives himself up to the task, ana rarely^ finds himself at fault. The* Home Magazine "gives an esbi mate of the money lost on the turf throughout the world during each year. The amount is placed at 50,000,000, of which £10,000,000 is lost on English racecourses, and, strange to say, about £20,000,000 ou Australian courses. The balance is chiefly dis- tributed between France, tho United States, and our own colonies. The £30,000,000 sovereigns thus lost and won yearly would pavo a racecourse 2,GQ0 yards long (the length of the Derby course) and a little over 11 yards wido-wide enough, in fact, for eight horses, at close quarters, to race ou it abreast. To uso the words of the Prince of Wales on a memorable occasion : " After my mother, the Baroness Burdett-Coutts (now 84 years of age) is tho most remarkable woman in Eng- land." Her fortune, 13 tons of English sovereigns (£1,800,000), cunio to her quite unexpectedly when 23 years of age, from her grandfather, Coutts, the banker, who married an accomplished actress. For tho last GO years the Baroness . has been dispensing her wealth quite unostentatiously, but with the lavishuess of an Indian nabob. The workmen who go in advance of the Czar whenever he travels form a squad of six mechanics. Two are locksmiths, bwo carpenbers, and two masons. All aro married men, born in tho Czar's service, and absolutely de- voted to their Sovereign. Their busi- ness is to examine the walls, ilooring, chimneys, locks, and furniture of the apartments which the Czar is to occupy. Tho chimneys, in particular, engnge their atteution, for every iluo leading to a room in which the Czar is to sleep or eat has to be grated and barred at the top or the bottom. Mr. "Pete" Hughes, who is well known to all playgoeis in Now Zea- land, has received a very handsome presenb fiom the members of tho "Sign of the Cross" Company. This took the shape of a solid silver cabinet for holding cigars and cigarettes, bear- ing a suitable inscription. Mr. Hughes is ab present in Brisbauo with the Firm's Opera Company. The Government of the Congo Free Slate, with tho object of preventing the threatened destruction of the india rubber trees in that country, has. pro- mulgated a decree by which it is provided that for every ton of rubber yielded annually there shall bo plauted not less than 150 trees.. Fifteen clergymen in New Bruns- wick, N.J., have informed the people of that city that they discoun- tenance Sunday funerals, nob only because -of the unnecessary and un- called for strain upon them as clergy- men, but because of the amount of Sunday labour required of labouring men who need rest. Though certain members of the other Colonial Legislatures may not be in keeping with greater lights, they com- pare well with the sort who represent the West Australian goldfields. One of thom was in his pre-Parliament days a battler for drinks at the pubs. Ho could sing a song, and daily made his rounds of tho hotels and sang ditties in the hope that some chord of tender music might awaken a sympathetic chord in the anatomy of those at the bar, and draw an invitation of " Will you join us ?" One day ho got up as a labour candidate. He had a big voice and plenty of cheek, and promised to right the wrongs of tho Forrest Government, and the working mon, young and innocent, sent him in as their representative. There he is now, and will remain until his four years have expired, when it is thought a now electorate with 50 people or so will be gazetted, and Mr.-will be jockeyed into it. He rarely goes to the fields now, and has not boen ablo to get a word in edge- ways at any meoting here for years. In fact, he has just proved about the worst enemy the working men have in Parliament. Says Science SiJ'tinos :-" We saw recently a curious-looking match, coloured rod about an inch from the omi, which does nob light Wo lit it, and allowed ib to burn, but observed thab when the Hamo n iched the red mark on the m itch it died away and went out, leaving the seeker aftei light with an inch of ted wood in his flutters Hie matches aro ml« tided as i blessing for tho people who light a niateh and continue to talk about tho 'Peace Conferonco' or 'Dreyfus' until they burn then (ingeis Therefoto some mighty genius invented this piepara tion, which lefuses to bum When the fire teaches the danger line it goes out The new matches are, we behove, to be stvled 'The Drunkaid s Tnend ' " Mr Alf rid Harmsworth will loso nothing eitliei with tho ti ade or the public by his piomptitudo in stopping the Sunday Daily Mad Amllustrated penn'oitli on featuiday is to take its place, and that everybody will buy Hie edi tot says -" We hav o decided to publuh early each Saturday morning foi dehveiy it the reader desiros if, with the oidinary odition of the Satur day's Dtuhi Mail- commencing with Juno 17, the Illa\tia(td Mad, a com ple^e picton ii record of tin week We believe that this development, involv- ing us it does the eutne suspension of all Sunday publishing or othei Sunday labour m connection with our 30urnal, is a wiso concession to the religious and other opposition whieh has oeen aroused on the seven day newspaper question " ^___^___^ 