THEY WALK 5 HE NIGHT.) THE GIANT GHOST OF BENTON. ' I Tlie numberlo?s superstitions which besot) humanity 111 tho past are almost none, and with rapid stridos the world becomes daily more mattor of fact. Still, it continues to aee gliOBts and to believe in them. Its habit ; nowadays is to want to put its hands on things, to know by touch as well as sight that the things aro there before it bolieves, but nevertheless ghosts move hero and there in the thrones, and intelligent peoplo aro convinced that they are actually super natural visitors. A case in point is the Bonton ghost, which is attracting much uttention. A farmor named John \V. French and his wife wore the first to seo the apparition, : Thoy liva in the country near Benton, and ; wnre driving home ono night from a neigh hour's. The road passed an old church, moss covered and surrounded by a grave- | yard, ovorgtown with slitubbery'and tilled 1 with tho bones of hundreds who once tilled the soil in tho locality. Ton years ago an ! aged man who lived alono not far from the old church and visited the graveyard almost ! daily to pray over the resting place of some 1 relative, was foully murdered for the store , of gold he was supposed to have hidden ! about his hermit abode. The robbers and murderers escaped justice, and the luckless | greybeard was buried in the graveyard : where ho spent so much time. Just as j French and his wife drow within sight of the white headstones in the churchyard the horses reared back on their haunches and snorted in terror. French was alarmed. and, suspecting highwaymen hud been scouted by the horses he rouchcd for a gun, ! bub before his hand touched it he was : startled by a scream from his wiffl. Clutch- j ing his Mm, she pointed straight aneatl and j gasped : " Look, John. Look ! " j Far down tho road, just beside the glim mering monuments of the old graveyard, he sww an apparition. It was that of a man ; with a long white beard sweeping ovor his breast. flie figure appeared to be eight feet in height, and in one hand it carried a club, such as the brains of the old man had : been beaten out with ten years before. ; Slowiv raising one arm, the ghost with a j majesLie sweep beckoned French to come ' on. He was too startled to do anything i except try to restrain the prancing horses, ' which were straining at the harness in at- | tempts to break away and run. A cold sweat started out all over the body of the farme r as he realised that he was at last | looking at a ghoat, and then the sound of | his wife's voice came to him, begging him ; to return the wav they had come and escape ■ she doom which seemed impending. French was still too much scared and excited to control the horses, and as he gazed stead fastly at the fearful white object in the j road it slowly began to move toward them, I The club was now raised to its shoulder, aa a soldier carries a rifle, and it seemed to move forward without touching the ground, like a winged thing. Then the farmer recovered his faculties. Whirling his team around, he lashed the horses into a run and set out for the house of the friend he had just left. When they j arrived there, both the man and hia wife I • were almost fainting from fright. The next man to see the ghost was Mil tori Moon. Ho had the reputation for being not only a man of intelligence, but one without fear. Hi.« experience was much tho same as that of the Frenches, and it brought about several investigations by parties of people. In each case ohey saw and wore convinced of the actual presence of tho ghost without being able to discover any satisfactory explanation. An intoie3ting American gho3b is that which is said to dwell in the Forbes manor house atBath-on-the-Rudson, near Albany. One night about thirty vears aso the manor house was the blazing ncono of a social gathering )nst what oubof the ordinary happened that night nobody in Bath knows. But something did happen, lor everybody in Bath nays so. At any rate, ib was a gala night, but the ne*t morning all the servants excepting four faithful ones, who hod been ' with the family for many years, were dis chaiged, and shortly a/tor breakfast all the j members of the family loft the manor house in carriages. No pood-byes wore said, i Behind them thoy left thoir beautiful home as :t had been tho da.v before. On the I mantels and dressers wore the pictures of i friendo ; in the bureaus and lockers and I clicsts were their clothes ; on the desks their | letters and paperB. Trinkets lay on the j tables forgotten. The doors were locked, j the curtains pulled down, and the house j closed for all lime. ] A man in black is said to walk that house i every night, mumbling and moaning as ho | pusses up and down the broad stairway, j Snores of people assert chat they have heard I him, auda feweay that they have seen him. ! Ono of the latter describes him as follows : j llis hair was long and curly and parted 011 | the side, his oyes were bright, his features ! clearly cut, and his face pain He was j smooth shavon, and woro a high standing ' collar and a black bow and stock. Ho was ! in evening dress and woro no joweilery ox- i cept a gold fob. For a moment bo ceased j mumbling, and then began moaning and . walked away. He p^sed tho door, walk- | ing toward the stairway. The ghost hunter ! tiptoed to the door and watched him ascend the stairway till he was halt-way to the top, j when he stopped as though lie had encoun- I tered another person, flo raised his hands ^appealingly, and fell backward with a ! shriek that rang throughout the house and 1 answered by tho echoes. His head struck a marble step, and thinking he had . been injured the watcher rushed to tho | spot. He saw nothing. '.•'ho history of this trhost- is tightly lockod ' with tl>9 family, who now live in the old ' J?crbe« nituision, Now York. Paul Simeon : Forbes purohaoed tho manor house in 18£i0 from the Vjii Rensselaer?, with POO ucres of , lund. He paid 93,0110 dollars for :t, which was considerably less than tho cost of the house,llie land being pructically thrown in. The manor house is now tho property of a Boston man, Nathaniel Stone. The ancient housos of England have ul ways been favourite haunts of ghosts. Sussex, which, of all the English counties, has retained its old characteristics tho most, has a good many ghosts who aro still realities in tho eyes of the rustics of that little visited district, which was onco the centre of England's iron industry. There is the headless man of St. Leonard's forest, known us Squirt) I'uulott. who jumps upon the crupper of a horseman onloring tho foresb und remains (hero until clear of it. |Thero is tho drummer of Huretuionccuux. Black doge, u iavuurito shape assumed by ghosts all over England, haunt all dark lanes nnd lono byroads, and under many n I lequeetered wooden bri-Juo a woman ma\ be seen spinning, while on the old cattle road between Kington, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as tho Drovo way, a goblin may bo seen on any dark, wild I night incessantly spinning charcoal. Norfolk is another county which teems with i;hoHts. There is a pile, lone-haired I woman who runs shrieking amonit the pits on Aylraerton Heuth. There is a great black " shuck dag "—tho word " shuok " is said to mean the devil—which has a blazing eye in I he centre of hie forehead, and has a brothor at Pool C'uutlo, in the Islo of Man. the spirit of a murdered prisoner. Then yo'uig Lord Ducre.who was murdored in 1565 by his guardian, Sir Kichard Ful morston, who arranged that a rocking home on which tho boy eat should fall, still prances about on a headless rocking-horse. Anne Bolcyn still rides down tho urenue of Blicklini; Park orico a year in u hearse liko coach, drawn by four headless horses and driven by st headless drivur, with tier head in her lap, and her father,Sir ThomiiB, does tho sumo thing. At CaiBtor Castle there in another co»ch and headless team, and yet another near Great Melton. This last rises from a pool overy midday and midnight and, with its load of four headless dripping white robod ladies, pussos slowly round the field and sinks af^ain, and tradi tion says that at l llia spot tun^ ago u bridal parby wero upset into this pool and never seen aj;uin. 