Frightening Children. Nothing can be worse for a child than to be frightened. The effect of the scare it is slow to recover from. It remains sometimes until maturity, as is shown by many instances of morbid sensitiveness and excessive nervousness. Not infrequently fear is employed as a means of discipline. Children are controlled by being made to believe that something terrible will happen to them, and punished by being shut up in dark rooms or by being put in places they stand in dread of. No one without vivid memory of his childhood can comprehend how entirely cruel such things are. We have often heard grown persons tell of the suffering they have endured, as children ; under like circumstances, and recount the irreparable injury which they are sure they then received. No parent, no nurse, capable of alarming the young is fitted for her position. Children, as near as possible, should be trained, not to know the sense of fear, which, above* everything else, is to be feared in their education, early and late, Some interesting facts dealing with the fears of children have been collected by a wellknown professor. He found that 1,701 children were afraid of 6,456 things. The leading fears were lightning and thunder, reptiles, itrangers, the dark, death, domestic animals, water, ghosts, insects, rats and mice, and high words. Some of the fears were the resuits of personal experiences; that is, in a district where a great wind had wrought a havoc the children were afraid of it. In other cases the analysis showed by what means parents had worked upon the imagination of their children. In one district sixteen poor little ones were dreading the end of the world. The most gratifying fact of all was that not one child had been frightened into obedience or good conduct by the fear of the devil. A century or two ago that fear would have led all the rest. The pleasing inference is that parents now dwell upon affection and love to insure the goodness of their children, instead of terrorizing them with Satan's wrath. 