Sermon. Head Stone of tlie Corner. Br the Late Rev. C. H. Spuegeon. The stono'which the builders refused'is bc I come the head atone of the corner. This is the Lord's doioff j it is raarrellous in our eyes. This is the day which the Lord hath made: we will rejoice and be clad in it. Save cow, I beseech Thee, O Lord. O Lord, I beseech Thee, send now prosperity.—Psalm cxviii. 22*25. This psalm is applicable to Christ, and to Him it is referred in the Hew Testament several times; but probably from the human point of view it was at first intended to cele brate the victory of some chosen man of God who, despite his Divine election, had been re jected by his countrymen. Providence con ducted him to success, and he magnified the Lord for it. 1\. First, we have Christ rejected—"the stone which the builders refused." The Lord Jesus came into this world at the fulness of time, when the* Messiah was expected by those devout men who waited for salvation in Israel. He came born of parents descended from that royal house from which Messiah was pro phesied as coming, and He was born in the very city which fiad been pointed out by seers of old. All details of His life in His early days corresponded with prophetic intimations, and answered to the signs which the Lord had appointed. There was nothing in which. He did not exactly fit the symbols of the sane-! tuary and the personal types of history; every•! thing which could speak cried with one voice, Behold the Lamb of God!" He was clearly placed before the Jewish people as the stone which God would lay in Zion as the foundation of their hopes, but they per sistently refused Him. It was not from want of evidence, for John come prophesying con cerning Him, and He was but the last of a long list of prophets who had all pointed to Him as the Anointed of the Lord; and yet Israel rejected Him. His own miracles and teaching' were more than sufficient evidence of His mission, but Israel would none of Him. He was a stone evidently of God's quarrying His extraordinary birth marked Him out as differing from all the rest of mankind; His surpassing excellence and moral beauty declared Him to be destined to the highest position. His person displayed the marvellous love and wisdom of God; and with half an eye, if tliey had willed to see it, the Jews might have per ceived that He was anointed to be the corner stone of the spiritual temple; but yet tbey refused Him. He came unto His own, and His own received Him not." He came to those who had the oracles, hut in this thing they set at nought the oracle; He came to those who had the law and the prophets, but they were deaf to all holy testimony and disowned Him. Alas for the blindness of men's hearts! Oh, that they could have seen through their night of unbelief, and have been like Jacob, who, with a stone for a pillow, had a wondrous vision of heavenly hosts and a new revelation. Oar Lord's rejection was rendered the more remarkable and the more sorrowful because He was rejected by the builders, or leaders, of the nation. " The stone which the builders refused." It was not alone the mob of Jerusalem that rejected Christ, but the rulers led the way. True, the many cried, " Crucify Him! " but not till they were bribed by the priests, the clergy of the day, by the Sadducees, or sceptical men of science, and by the Pharisees, or ritualistic professors. These were they who sit in Moses' seat, in whom the people had confidence, and by their machinations the people were led to reject the corner-stone which the Lord Himself had laid. Thus the Ever-blessed was chased out of the world by the pride which scorns all excellence except its own. Nor was it pride alone, for that mother sin was sur rounded with all other evils. They wanted to devour widows' houses in secret, and he exposed them; they wanted to go on saying their long prayers and yet to persecute the righteous, and He unmasked them. Certain of them wanted to be freethinkers and yet to be thought orthodox, aud He denounced them as hypocrites; they denied the essential principles of revelation, but He came forth from the Father to bear witness of God, and therefore they utterly abhorred Him. Their sin, as it could not associate with His holiness, raised a clamour against Him, and with cunning and ma lice they denounced, condemned, and utterly rejected the stone which God had ap pointed to be the foundation and corner-stone of His new Jerusalem. Ah, my brethren, you know what came of it. They threw that chosen stone away, and when they had removed it away from their Babel-building they thonght their troubles at an end, when, indeed, they had just begun. That stone was removed out of the way, and yet they stumbled upon it to their own destruction. How broken were they at the awful siege of Jerusalem, when they and their city perished! Now, also, that stone has bc-en lifted up into heaven by the mighty power of God, and in the fulness of time it will descend upon these foolish builders with terrible effect; for upon whomsoever it shgll fall, it will grind him to powder. Even while that stone was here they fell upon it and were broken ; fant when He comes a second time He will fall upon them, and woe unto them in that day ! Let us not be among the company of the rejecters ; let us not consort with those who cast doubts upon the Gospel of Jesus. 2\. Secondly, we have Ohrist exalted. "The stono which the builders refused is become the head stone of the corner"—that is to say, at this moment Christ has the chief place of honour in tbo building of God. He is the head stone, for He is higher than the kings of the earth. He is higher than all the opposing powers of wisdom or of superstition, and He is the Head over all things to His church. Glory be to His name ! In the midst of His people He is above all and over all. "Wo worship Him with rapture. He is King of kings and Lord of lords, "for by Him were all things created that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether; they be thrones, or dominions, or principali ties, or powers ; all thimrs were croated by Him, and for Him." There is none like Him among the sons of mcti; in ail things He has the pre-eminence. He that was crucified is now enthroned ; He that lay in the grave now reigneth in glory. Nor is He alone eminent for His position of honour, but for His surpassing usefulness. Ho is the head stone of the corner, that stone which joins two walls together, and is the bond of the building. Jew and Gentile are now one in Christ Jesus. It is true He is a stone in Israel's wall, but He is also a stone in the Gentiles' wall; in Hira is neither Jew nor Gentile distinctively, for they are both there inclusively. He hath made" both one. The Pharisees would havo it that the wall should finish-within the line of Judah'srace, but not so thought oar Master. His heart went forth to the* other sheep which He had that were not yet of the fold. This made them wrathful, hut their wrath did not prevent His accomplishing His design, and now He is the bond of the building, hold ing Jew and Gentile in firm unity. This precious corner-stone binds God and man together in wondrous amity, for He is both in one. He joins earth and heaven together, for He participates in each. He joins time and eternity together, for He was a Man of few years, and yet He is the Ancient of Days. Wondrous corner-stone! Thou dost bind all of us together who are in Thee, that by love of Thee we are builded together for a temple of the Holy Ghost. Thou art the perfect bond, the eternal holdfast, the Divine ocment which holds the universe in one. Is it not written, " By Him all things consist" ? Our Lord Jesus Christ, then, is brought up from all rejection and shame to which His enemies pat Him to be by usefulness and by honour the grandest personage upon the face of the earth; and all this none the less, hut all the more, because He was rejected. Ho lost nothing by His enemies. They scourged His back, but they did not rob Him of that imperial purple which now adorns Him; they crowned Him with thorns, but those thorns have increased the brilliance of His diadem of light; they pierced His hands, and thereby prepared them to sway an irresistible sceptre of love over men's hearts; thoy nailed His feet, bnt those feet stand firm for ever upon the throne of sovereignly; thov crucified Him, but His crucifixion led" Him to His greater honour, since He therein finished the work which was given Him to do' and now also God hath highly exalted Him, and given Him a name which is above every name. As it has been, 60 is it, and so shall it be: man's oppo sition to the Gospel will not interfere with it one single whit, but tbe eternal purposes of Jehovah shall be fulfilled. Our adversaries may mine and undermine, they may openly oppose and secretly assail, but upon this rock, oven upon Christ, shall the troth and the Church for ever rest, and no harm shall come to them. The Lord will lift the stone which the builders refused, and make it to be come the head stone of the corner, therefore let us not fail nor be discouraged. Already our text has been fulfilled. Our Lord Christ was dead and buried, but His foes were desperately afraid that He would rise 'again, and so they rolled a stone to the tomb's mouth and sealed it ; but He rose for all that, and became the firstfruits of them that slept, the head stone of the resurrection. His resurrection utterly defeated those who reckoned upon destroying His power. What could they do against One whom death itself could not silence? When His resurrection attested His mission, what could they say against Him ? Nor was this all, for to add to His honour He was received up into heaven. Beyond the eternal hills he rose, the gates of heaven opening at His coming; and amidst the acclama tion of angels and redeemed spirits He ascended to the highest place that heaven affords. What a change from Gabbatha and all the maltreatment of the pavement, to the sea of glass mingled with tire, and to the seat of Infinite Majesty I Jesus has gone from the bar to the throne, and there He sitteth in majesty. His adver saries may grind their teetli at Him, bnt the King is set upon tho holy hill of Zion beyond their wrath. " Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing ? " Jesus is King, and none can challenge His sovereignity. At Pentecost, too, this was fulfilled : for when His disciples were inspired by the Holy Ghost, aud began to speak with tongues of fire, all Jerusalem rang with the wonder, and then again the despised and rejected stone was made the head stone of the corner. Very speedily throughout the known world the testimony of His name was made to sound forth, till His Word had gone forth as far as the sun's utmost track, and all nations beheld the light thereof. Then tho gods of the heathen tottered, and colossal systems of idolatry were ground to powder. Glory be nnto thee, 0 Christ! Thou didst triumph gloriously in those first ages of Thy Church ! That triumph is proceeding still. It .will be consummated by-and-by. What confusion will' take hold upon tho hearts of His adversaries when He shall be revealed ! He is hidden now, and His people with Him, but the day draweth nigh wnen Ho shall come a second time to be admired in all them that believe. What astonishment will then take hold upon those who refused His righteous claims! Thcu will they know, that this is the Lord's doing, though it will be terrible in their eyes. 3\. The exaltation of the rejected Christ commences a new era. Tor what saith the twenty-fourth verse? "This is the day. which the Lord hath made ; we will rejoice and be glad in it." "Wo dato from our Lord's | resurrection, oven as the Jews of old counted I from tho night wherein they went out off Egvpt. What is this day which the Lord j bath made ? X reply first, it is tho day of tho Gospel. Through our Lord's exaltation, pardon for tho guilty is freely preaohed among all nations, and whosoever befioveth in Him hath everlasting life. Now is Christ exalted qq high to givo repentance unto Israel and remission of sins ;*now is He in tho throno of power, that Ho may be able to save to tho uttermost"them that como unto God by Him. Let us rejoice and bo glad in Him. How can we rejoice and be glad in Him except by believing in Him ? Come, let us believe tho Gospel, tho Gospel of the once rejected hat now exalted Saviour; let us put our trust in Him, and then let us sing for joy of heart because we havo a royal Saviour, au exalted Saviour, an almighty Saviour, in whose hands our souls are safo. 