HE--SOLO IT. 'lam afraid that I once spoiled a. good book agent," said the head member of a book agency. "We had gotten out an expensive religious book, and had advertised for acenis to handle it ^ "Among the numerous applicants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked him If he thought he could sell books, and he said that he reckoned he could. " "Very well,' said I. Til see "what you can do. Take this book, and consider that I am your intended victim. The price of the book runs from 2 dols. to 4 dols., but you must always endeavor to sell the highest priced book, although it is no disgrace if you only succeed in sealing the cheaper kind. If you succeed in selling me a hook I will hire you. Now go ahead.* 'He took the book, fumWed it awkwardly, and then stammered: Te don't wanter buy a book do ye. mister?" T smilingly answered that I did not " "Better "buy one," said he, Til sell it to ye pretty cheap.* "" 'Get out of here!* ! yelled, pretending to be mad. "Don't you see that sign, "Book Agents Not Wanted?*;. * " Til yet ye hev one fer < dols., nilstei; seein* it's ye,' said he, taking off his coat and throwing it on the floor. " 1 am afraid * I began. ; . " 'Four dollars, mister, an* cheap, at the price," he added, as he rolled up his shirt sleeves. "I didn't like the looks.of all these warlike proceedings, and declared the test off- But he refused, and gave me three ihlnutes to 'dig up' the price of the hook. „ "While t was trylng to make the fellow understand that the joke had "gone" far enough he Jumped at me. *1 didn't stand the ghost of a show with the. husky Touth, and I soon found myseSf on .the floor, with , the would-ba book agent Eittjngiipon mc, saying" something about li book he would sell me powerful cheap.' •' To save;-my1ife I reluctantly consent- . ea to'ialce jbne of the 2 doL kind. BSs tald he -wasTsorry, trat he only sold the 4 Art. Idnd. ' " "He" allowed me to get one hand loose, and I produced 4 dols„ whereupon he released me; .and wanted to know how soon he <^iuld go to work. * ' • "Tkcpt iny word, and 'hired him. sent him as far West'as I could, and then dlsr /ihatiged him by-wire." 