I BREAKING IN A BOOK AGENT. ' I am afraid that I once spoiled a good book agent,' ssid the head member of a book agenoy. ' We had got out an expenaive religious book and had ad vertised for agents to handle it. 'Among1 the numerous applicants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked'him ifhe thought he could sell books, and he said that he reckoned he could.' ? Vols' w)ell,' said I, ' I'llsee what you can do. Take this book and consider that I sm your 'intended victim. The price of the book runs, from Sdols. to 4dbls:, but you mttsl- always endeavour to sell the highest-priced edition, although it is no disgrace if you only succeed in selling the cheaper kind. U you succeed in selling me a book I will hire you. Now, go ahead. ' He took the, book, fumbled it very awkwardly., and then stammered : ' Yer don't wahter buy a book, do yer, mister?' I smilingly answered' that 1 did' not. 'Belter buy tone,' said he; 'I'll sell it ier fir pretty cnbap.* . ' Getout of here!' I yelled, pretending to be &ad.; 'BSli't yoQ tSe 'iliat sign, ' BookAgents not WanielJ' ' ' I'll letyer hevone Uridols., mister, seein' it's ye,' said he, taking off his coat and throwing it on the floor.' ' I'lii ^fraid- — -' L bt£ah. 'Four dollars, mister, an'.cheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled Up his shirt sleeves. I didn't like the looks of all thete' warlike proceedings, ^atid 'dSclared the test off. But he refused and gave me three tmhutes to 'dig up' the price of. .the book. While' I was tryinglo mske the fellow understand that the joke had' gone 'far enough he jumped it me. 1 didn't' stand the ghost of a show with the husky youthi and I soon found myself tin the floor, with the would^e' book1 agfant sitting upon me, saying something «ibout a book he would sell me Vuowerfully cheap.' To save' my life I relunotantly con sented to take one of the 2dol; kind. He said he was sorry, but he only sold M«i i He allowed me to get one hand loose, and I produced 4dols., whereupon he released me, and- wanted to khow how Soon he could get to work. I -kept my word and hired him, sent him as far west as I could, and then discharged him by wire. 