THE INSTILS Eg^XSmON. The attendance at the Institute Art and Industrial Exhibition on Saturday was nntia< factory, bat the continued oold and wot weather has a bad effect, baoauae many are Erevented by it from viaiting the exhibition, ia Monday the attendance was poor, ljaat night the Smart Dramatic Company, by arrangement with the trueteei, played in the b«U. »nd a large Dumber attended for the doable purpose of seeing the exhibits and the entertainment. The performance began at half past 8 o'oloob with a little drawing-room oieole on the Btage. Mr. and Mra, Stuart, Mr. St. Olair, and Baby Stuart, a very young performer, took part, eang a number of gongs, and told amusing stories, Mrs. Stuart, who ia a olever vooaliat, with a very pleasing voice. Bang " Ben Bolt " and " Kate O'Shea " ia a taking manner, and was recalled £or both, and applauded to the eoho on the repetitions, Mr. Stuart sang "Sweetheart May," a uew aoag here, in a sympathetic style, for which he was warmly encored. Baby Stuart delighted the children present and their elders alao by the way in whioh it oomported itself, and the piquant manner in whioh it aang " Little whacky-whack." a oomlo little ditiy that took immensely, The demand for a re-ap pearanoe was imperative, and Baby ooopliod with the wish by repeating a verae of the song. Mr. St. Olair gave a very oomio aong "Uoola Ben'e big ais," in a very eomio way, and when the audienoe recovered from their laughter they asked in no uncertain way for ita repitltion, and were gratified. Thia waa followed by a darkey faroe, whioh kept the audienoe in roars of laughter throughout ita oontinu anoo. Mr, Stuart, Mr. St, Olair, and another member of the Company, who waa aheeted ea a ghost, played in it, Certain it ia that with the exhibition and the entertainment an audienoe never enjoyed BO good a ahiliing's worth aa those who were in the hall laat night did. Mr. Stnart announoed that he would give entertain, menta with complete changes of programme every evening until the exhibition oloaea. Fresh exhibits oontinue to be sent in. Among the most noticeable put in since Friday are a beautifully workod pjllow cushion by Mrs. J. R. Moore; an oil painting, "Sunset on the Port river," exhibited by Mr. J. R, Moore 5 and a prettily worked cushion in point-lace anci crochet work quilt, sent in by Miaa MoNamee. On Saturday and Monday the door regaipks were £7 14a. Qd, Sinoe the opening of the exhibition to Monday evening the refreshments prodnoed £9 Oa. fid. The gramophone and aalea receipts have not yet been made up. 