HON. HENRY COPELAND. I On Snturday evening anolher (jioat audi- I chce assembled in tho Protestant Hall to I hear the Hon. Henry Copelaud expound bin I views ou the great question of tho day. I Tho meeting had been previously adver- I tised for tho nltcrnoon, but thero was such I a small ? attendance at 3 o'clock that Mr. 1 Copcland put it to tho meotiug whether he urnnlrl ttn nn nr nnt. A lnl'L'O maioritV I having voted for tho latter alternutivo, tho ineeting was adjourned till 7.30. At tlio hour appointed, the hull was well filled by an audieuco of nioro than 300- nnd tbtso had the bcuefib and education of listening' ! to a concise, lucid and interestiug address. ,. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. H. QnirK,. and there wcro also on the plutforin Mossrs. York, Anrons, Hegarty, Tait, Mossonger, McGratb, McLeod and VVilkine. There wero besides numbers of prorniuenfc towuB men scattered throughout the audience. In introducing tho speaker, Mr. Quirk apologised for tTio unavoidable absence of tho Mayor. Ho would not trespass nn the timo of tho meeting by any .lengthy «? :narks. He would simply introduce) Nr. Copcland as ono who had played an inipor- (, tanb and honorable part iu political affnirs 3 for many years, and had boon distinguished for the honorable and able part he had ...., takou in tho federal campaign. He had come hero for tho purposo of putting niB ideas boforo the meetinj; on this allimpor tant quostion. . He hoped Hint a good hear* . ing would bo given by supporiors and oppo? nonts alike. Ho had much plensuro » iutroducing Mr. Copeland. PRBLIJIINAKY BEMABKS. . ,? Mr. Copoland ou rising to speak, rocenvou a very cordial recoption. Ho said that in coming hero ho had boen actuated by a desire to clear away somo of tho cobwebs that had boon woven round tbo prosentbili, by the bittor aud unscrupulous opposition to tho measure. He would liko a. quint hoaring, and would bo glad to answor ques tions at tho end, and. ho had vory litUO'- . ? ' dbnbt thittfc lib would bo ablo to throw li»hfc ?..?/. on any matter that was troubliug any of fcbo ' audience. Hq was proparcd to admit this1 was a Tery moraonfcouB subject, affecting ns it did this and all the other colonies for all. time to come. He thought it very strange . that New South Wales should always have been tho most reluctant partner, considering it was she tliat had always tnkon tho initiative in all steps to secure nnion. Ha remembered tho time when Sir Alexandra Stuart, some 16 years, ago, had gone- over to Melbourne, after Sir Henry Parkes- had .. madb tho suggestion, to confer with the other premiers as to some means to bo adopted for purposes of federating on matters affeot ing the individual interests of Ibe separate colonies. Since then, as they all knew, many conferences had been held. That in 1891 was represented by 4A of the ablestmeninAnstralia,including some of the most fervently democratic statesmen — such as Sir George Grey, and others — who had taken part in framing the federal proposal of 1891. Was it not singular that we dis played so little confidence in the work of oar great men p Surely the product of men of judgment and ability should bo respected. Who were. they to get to do the work, if they would not trnst their foremost men ? . Perhaps they had better .call for tenders for a suitable constitution, or get it 'made in Germany.' - THE 1897r8 CONFR.REJJCE. The efforts of the '91 Conference having . :.' bqen nullified, the whole .question was al '-lowed -o sleep for a little; time. Butfedera ?;? fti6n was too great and too mighty a snbjeot ( to bo killed by neglect. They would re ? member that the agitation was re-started, and fonnd such nnmistakeable support throughout tho country, that an dlection was authorized by Parliament, of ten men to represent this colony in a conference with ten men from each of the other states. The election was held on the broadest and most liberal .plan, and resultod in the selection of a body of liberal and devoted men — and he believed they were ton of the best that could possibly be chosen. As a result of their labors, a second bill was drawn up, and sub mitted, as they all knew, to a ioferendum of the people on tho 3rd Juno of last year, It was carried by a good majority here, but by the subterfuge of opponents of federation j by putting in a clause reqniring 80,000 affirmative votes, the bill could not bo carried into law. Bnt if they looked at the figures : polled throughbnt tho country they would find that un immense voto had been cast in favor of union. The maioritv 'for all the colonies was no less than 111,251. This would give them ah idea of the sincority of BO-called democrats, who wore always call ing for a referendum, and yet when they got the un niistakoablo voice of the people thoy refused to act upou it. Why oven in Now South Wnles there had been a majority of 5.367, and this notwithstanding the lies that had been scattered throughout the country. One paper alono had toM enough lies to sink a thousand ships. ' ?. THE PREMIERS' CONFERENCE. Then, as tlioy all knew, a conference had been held amongst tho various Premiers' to to devise fri-sli neans to re-open tho whole question. Now he was no admirer of Mr. Reid, but. ho was prepared to admit that that Kliilcsiniui had 'done good work, and should iccoivc his duo for it. . Ho spoke as a man of large political experience*, extend v-infit over -more time than'uny other politician in the House to-day, oxcepting perhaps one man. And he could honeBtly tell them that the Premiers had materially improved the bill CONFIDENCE IN PUBLIC MEN. ? Now the question 'arose, whoso advice shonld the people of this country take — that of the men they had elected, or that of the men who hid been loft at tho bottom of tho poll? Let thero take this view : When the election for dolegates was held thero was no hindrance whatever to a free and nntram moled vote. What did they find ? Messrs. Abbott, Barton, Brnnker, Oarruthors, R. E. O'Connor, Reid, Seei Bruce Smith, Walker and Wiso had received 671,122 votes, whereas opponents of the bill to-day, in the \- persons of Messrs. Eager, Griffiths, Haynes, L. Heydon, Holman, Hughes, McGowan, Noiton, Schey and Watadn, had. between them received only 163,879 votes-rthns recording a majority fot the- billitcs of 507,243. Ho 'asked his hearers, to place thoir confidence in theso men to-day, as they had dono a litllo over a year ago, und ropu diato the odvico ot those men whom they had rejected. OBJECTIONS TO TUB MEASURE. Ho had no grounds of complaint against any reasonable objection that might bo taken against this or any bill. But ho would point out that it would bo impossible to framo any measure thnt would altogether disarm the captious. Let them take tho land question, for instance, as a sample of what com plaints were made. Notwith standing tho efforts made to mako lliis measure perfect, (hero wore any amount of objectors, lie was quite suie that no bill could bo drawn up to ploase everybody. If they would go back to the time of the etrugglo for a constitution in the United States, they would fiu-J there wore ruori then . .° H?d taken a similar stand to the oppo sitionists of to-day in New. South Wales. If they would get the speeches delivered then, over 100 years ago, they would fiud thorn almost word for word with tho objec tions that, aro now being takon in this, country. To como nearer home, lot him re coil 1854, at which time nona of tbeso colonies hud any definod' constitution, and thoy would find that there was any amount of opposition to tho efforts of William C. Wentworth and other patriots of that day. lnero wero potations largely signed, and sent to the Homo Government, and all j sorts of evil were predicted to result from sjjch a stop. But they had the result— no (l..I had como to the people. Poople to-day Bu.dthit wo could not butter our position, with tho Legislative Council and all thrown I jn- 1 his \vaa sboor nonsense, aa oxporiouco taught Ihotn that wherever a body of Brit isliers was bunded together they would draw up a constitution and do well.- But tins did not preclude them fiom doing Dotter, And he bolievod that.tLe coustitu ion as now proposed was as broad, as noeral, and as democratic as tho mind of man could devise. Any defects could be re medied ; and ho fdt suro that if any clause wore fpnnd unworkable it would ba im mediately altered. Tho gentlemen whom I ineyhad elected had drnwfi up a ronstitu tjon they might be proud of. T. - lid had | wo exporience of the successfu. „ r..iug of VTa m ,SvVtzerland' Ullited 'States, I Canada, and other couutries, and he believed thoy had made a vast improvement, on all. In all thc80 countiies federation had worked so well that ho would liko to see an American, or a Canadian, or any other tcsident of a united country aslccd to give up tho glorious conditions he lived under. Why tho people of these countries valued their constitution, and would give their lives up rather than loso it. .OUIl POSITION TO-DAY., What did we see to-day.T-six different parliaments engaged every year in passing. 30 to 35 different., laws and different gct.s each Ifc could ; bo taken thut'-160 new laws we.ro brought into operation in the several colonies every yeai. Now if nny question aroso affecting tho interests of all, they found ifc impossible to got any similar laws passed. Say the Premiers meet, and adopt a common policy, they have to comeback to thoir individual parliaments, which immediately pick the measure to pieces. Did it not appeal to their intelli gence that instead of six different parlia ments *it would be better to have only ono to do tho work for all ? Would it not be in evory way moi'o economical, and more fruit ful in lesults, to have ouo body of men only to legislate on 'matters affecting each and every state alike? This is really the fundamental reason for bringing about union. These colonies, aro possessed of enormous territories, t.lie resources of which they even now do not clcarly:i'calizo. Thoy wero liko little boys going to school, who thought only from day to day and. did not look iuto tho future that was boforo them. Evory week there were 1000 more mouths to feed, a thousand more people to clothe, and a thousand more people to provide for in Aus tralia. Think of tho enormous increase when the population was eight or ten mil lions — as it soon would be. Think of the enormous territory that was lying ready for development. What a glorious prospect thero was before them as . a nation, in con tradistinction to the' petty existence before them as divided and antagonistic states. Jnst let them consider for one moment tho enormous resources that were at their dis posal. Placo tho map of Europo and Aus tralia side by side, and they would find they could put England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales into the map of Australia, and then have to send out a search party to find them. Then add Sweden, Norway, Donmark, and Germany, and thoy would find thatscarcely a corner of Australia was filled up; Thon add Belgium, Holland, and (Austria with ita immense territory of 263,000 square miles, then Franco, then Spain, and Portugal, and' Italy— place all these . cogother and they would only fill half tlio map of Australia. This would give them an ideaof our immense territory and our untold prospcots. Whore ever there- was good country, there was bound to be a largo population, and Austra lia would meet all tho demands of an im mensely increased number of peoph. In the various uations ho had just quoted there wero approximately 250,000,000 people, and just as sure as the sun iiscs. thero will some day be as large a number here. Therefore ifc was very desirable that we. should immediately make up our minds to no longor romain divided states, but wold ourselves into one groat and homogeuous natioL. (xlpplause.) Referring back to Queensland — heconldtell tlyom that that, colony possessed an area equal to the combined areas of Germany,' Bolgium, Holland,, Spain, France,- and Portugal .witTi thoir added populations of 121,000,000. The.magnitude of the prospect tbat was opened out by. this fact, should prove how desirablo it was that wo take action while we are young, so as to prepare for the great futuro that was most certainly Jofore us. INTERCOLONIAL FREETRADE. Ho.wouhJ refer to another matter now, and that was tho great bouofits certain to acoruo to us. by the casting down of tho abominable barriers that now existed bo tween ono colony and anothorv Ho reforrod to what he termed the atrocious and oppro brious epithets that had been hurled at Victoria by statesmen of this colony, and stated it as his belief they wero all induced by tho tariff war that Victoria, othor colonies had carried on against each other: He would quote for example, the stook tax, -which bad borne very hardly upon our farmers and graziers on tho border. He had no hesita tion in saying that Now South !Wale3 would never bavehad a protective tariff established, had it not been for the action of the other colouies in blocking her cxpoits. Ho objected to these intercolonial barriers be cause they mado sister colonies into foreigners instead of neighbors and brothers. Ho wanted to seo absolute freedom of trado throughout tho continent. THE 'StCKET CONFERENCE' SNEER. He would refer to tho attempt that was being mado to frighten poople from voting straight by tho iiisidious cry of' 'Recret con ference.' He stigmatized this disreputable dodge as not only a ve.ry discreditable one, but as an exceedingly lame and weak at tempt to frighten people. Was it not known by ovcryoue that every bill was considered in Bocrot boforo it saw tho light of day ? iJid thoy not know that every bill that was sub mitted to Parliament was first of all con sidered in secret by tho Cabinet? Was it not a fact that tlio great Peace Confoicnco was to-dny holding its deliberations in secret at The Hnguo ? They all know that in matters of this kind no representative of tlio proas was allowed near tho door. Thocon forence iu South Africa also had been held with closed doors. Therefore tho statement that our 'Premiers should not havo mot in privato was puro, palpable, and puerile non sense. Tho clear object of such a statement was wilfully to mislead and dupe the people. STATES REPRESENTATION. Now he would liko to say a word as to tho equal representation of afcah-s in the Senate. As they all knew, in tho ropreBcn tative house tho representation was accord ing to population/and in this house all tho real legislation would bo effected. As fur as he was concerned, he had to admit that wjion . equal representation was mooted, fcwo or three years ago, he hud felt firmly antagonistic towards it ; but his 'friends bad iudncod Him to study tlio question, with the result that ho had como to the 'conclusion that no other scheme would, meet tho cxigoncios qi the occasion. Ho saw that the consent, of the other states could never bo obtained to unite' without tho adoption of this principle. 'Now when ho camo to study the question iu all its. bearings, be found -that by the teachings of history it would be impossible to ignore tho claims of the smaller statos for their duo recognition in any union that might bo entered into. They would romombor that iu electing their tou dolegates to tho last convention they hid admitted - tho ~ justice of tin- -y.-t.-m, because (In si ten gcutk-iHuj) lintl mut. with an equal number fio'ni cneli individual' state. Again thoy wore told ''that --no man .in Tasmania was as good as eight' in Nmy South Wales. Even if this w'uro tiuc, they, only hnd to look to other confederations to. seo how much greater iho disparity ? was. America had drawn up a const it uiiutr 113 years ago, and states rocpghition'wiis fully;' provided for-, yet thero' was'every indication that Americans' would resist 'any' 'n: torn pt.s to .interfere, with 'the principle. To conviiico people that equal tstato reproaoiilationwould work safely, ho would show t.lmt the rlia-' parities between West 'Austrhii.ii sind TasA mania, and New South Wales was far greater in other' countries. Lot them tako the four large states of America— -New York,. Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Illinois, with populations respectively of; 5,082,871, 4,282,891, 3,198,062, and 3,077,871, as against JDeleware, Colorado, Novudn, and Oregon, with populations of 146,608, 194,327, 62,266, and 174,768 respectively. Here they found that each of theso states, had two senators each. Again New York had a population of 6,000,000, and Ver mont 330,000, yet each had two senators alike. In Switzerland— Berne with '? 536,00.0 people had also two senators and:-UrF with 17,200 had-.'- 1 ho «amo numbers . li'i Germany ono senator represented Prussia with 1,800,000 people, and one senator re presented the smaller duchies with 00,000 — here was the spectacle of 'ono man being ori; the. s'amb voting level as 36 others.. Iu:. Argentina, agaiu, Buenos Ayres. with' 850,000 people bad two senators in common with Uruguay with 90,000 people. And; instances could bo multiplied to show that this principle must be conceded, if. federa tion were to bo considered a question within the sphere of practical politics.. Under our proposed constitution the figures would bo— Representative*, itantitura. To till. Nr«w Soutu Wulea 26 0 32 Victoria ... ... 23 0 - 29 Queensland ... 10 . .- 6 16 South Australia ... 7 -'...',. 0 13 Taeraaniu... .... 5 ; ti ? 11' West Australia ... ' 5 . : 6 11 . Totals ... ; 7jG - :: V 36 112 As an ubsoluto majority would decide nil knotty questions, it could bo seen at n gluneo that w,o had no ;cause for alarm, jib iu nny of these matters Ne vy Sou t h. .Wales'- could rsiise a ..voice that would be heard aiid.TeBj-octJ:d.'. ' '- . THE COST OF FEDERATION. - Now lie would. come ro tlio prob.iblo coat of federation. Ho would say at tho outlet that he vvas-ijo^i'.ivciy. distressed ut ilio amount of ignoratico displnycd in. this all important matter. Why' ho. bad actunlly niet. peopie who wore under the impreBsioit tint, tho tax- gatherer wou|d go round from door to dq'jr and c-jllcot 22/6— or whatevor the amount might be — from every man, woman, arid child living, in that house. Of course it was needless for him to say that such an idea was ridiculous. Whatever revenue was raised would bo obtained through the cus toms liousoi Now it might bo possible to fiud, even in this iindienco, a 31 nu who drank a glass of whisky or beer occasionally. O id it ever occur to that gentleman that he was thereby contributing thrcepouco to tho revenue? There w.asaduty of 14/-a gallon on whisky, so every gallon of whisky consumed retarued 14/- to the Treasury. A duty of 3d per gallon -\vas on loc«l beer., .and. 6d per. gallon on' English beer. So: they cbnld 'see how easily, lie would not say pleasantly, a contribution was made to -the revenue; Again, ho supposed .he could find sohio gentleman who smoked tobocco. He hiin self owned up to this crime — he indulged in lib in the course of about three weclrs. Now as thero was also a duf.y on tobacco ho found that ho contributed £2 12s a year to wards the ruvcn no. Oi her gentli-inen smukod more or less, but ho supposed that might bo taken as a fair average ' So, you see,' said Mr. Copeland, 'Mhut is the way you pay your taxution.' Now under federation new duties would have to bo imposed. Tho financial exports say £6,000,000 a year will do, Dr. McLaurin will not be contented with loss than £8,000,000. Thoy would find that under Dibbs' regime, the taxation was £2 8s 2d per head. Calculating oh this basis' a tariff of £9,100,000. wouldlw raised. : Thus; if only £6,000,000 was required there would boa much smaller rate por head of popula tion. Tho probable exponso for the luniijv tcnanco of tho new . yovoriimpii't, ' cto., wiia' put. down ut tlio Adelaide coiifcrnico nl £239 12s 5-1— .wliiuli prcm.Icd for £60,875 tiiurgiu to niei't ;ill po.'-.siblo coiitingi'iicicH. But lit! tock '(?xfuptidii to tl-o inclur-itui iu this amount of -£52,540 ?ycuily' intt-rest (in uew buiMinga to bo eruuted. In tin; li-ni place, Louause they would mt bo built f--i fivoor six ytsira, ami in ihemxt hobelieveil thero were many wuy« in which t-i povido fur this expensi*. l('or example— tho hiuuoy n quirud could be easily bon owed ut 3 per cent, iu I he first plain;. In tlio next I he bill pioviilitl for 64,000 iici-fs being net as'uioiiH a FudL-ral State.; now. only an iiicoii.^idtii'ublc portion of this would bo required for the erection of federal building?,. etc.; so that u largo hrcaof land woul.l be availablo for li'iiHin^ purpose*; If this land were leased — aihl there would bo a grout doniativi for it— not only would the interest bo met, but saving would .bo' effected. Thcroforo if he took off this amount of £52,540, atid reduced 'the linw' cxpcudiluru to s»y £200,000, yearly the extra lux would como to only 13d per head por annum, or one faithi'ijj per week, as, when the population doubled itsolf, as it was bouud to within t-weuty years, tho tax would bo 6^d per year for . euish iudividuul. But if he allowed tho £52,540, and oven added another £100,000 as a margin, ho found that the taxation would thon only amount to 2s 2d per head per aunuiu. THE CAPITAL. ' In any case, if this money wero spent, they knew it must bo Bpent in Now South. Wales.- This was a 'great -reason why Vic toria and Quoenslaud should at least havo a voice in tho finul fixing of tho capital, even thosgh it wero in New South Wales. We bore objected to 'Melbourne*,, and ,it was natural that Victorians should object to Sydney. A.s far aa fixing on Sydney went, ho was not sorry to see that it was not prac ticable. As to tbe statement of Mr. Want that 'Fedoration sonnded tho' death-kiiell of Sydney,1' he thoughtvit should nbt receive a moment's consideration. Did not Sydney livo on Bathurst, GoulbUrn, Wellington, Orango, and other inland towns ?? Just blot theso out and soo what would becorno of Sydney thon ! Personally ho ?honght that Goulburn or thereabouts would be selected. ? . ? . TO THBFAtiJIEUS. He know that our farmers -'had long suffered under the iniquitous barriers that had beou erected agaiuBt them Now was 1 lii-if . -'|i|niitiinity to tlnow down -tlicsd ii)i|icdi.ni-tits. (0 tho fr.co sale of produce,, as f.e,il( rn.tiou mount a free market throughout Austral in. Now ho would ask th'cm to look .?tt^tlio figures disclosing the state of 'our ?intVuioloriial trade during 1896-7 8. Ho wo'ulij quote tho following 'figures : — ? ,)7(f ,f.-*,'LMr0HTS'0F-PllODnCR FOB 1896. -....,' .jj. Total Imports. Other Colonies. . Fnrpicn. .'EloAc.,/ ,.'.'.£538,460 £203,840 - £332.0-20 ;\71ipat ,..;'. 550,205 ', 68 357 ' .400,818: Q.its'.' '... ... 105,056 12,016 93,040 Miji^e ' ,.. 15,015 0,474 8,571 .'Burlpy ... 9,112 4.73L 4.3SI IJiiyACIiiilT 238,840 219,275 19,571 Totatjes ... 190,30-1 180.727 ? 9,577 Totals . £1,654,931 . £695,420 ' £959,511 . Exports to fedoral colonies, notwitbetunding their intercolonial duties, £405,433. Balanco .iu tapir favb'r, free of duty, £289,937. ' Imports of tame produce for 1897— from other colonies, £469,639 ; from foreign, £885,825; total, .£1,355,464. . Exports of similar produce to federal colonies, £720,718. Balanca in our favor, in spite of duties,. £251,079.) Imports of same produeo for 1898— from other colonies, £656,668 ; from foreign, £517,823 ;rtotn1, £1,074,491.' Exports of snrao produce to federnl' coloni9?,£519,052. Balance against u«, £37,616. .-. '.Totals' of imports of ?.same' produce for 1896-7-8 — from Mother colonies; £1,721,727 j from forcipn, £2,36^59; grnnj. total, £4,034,880. Doduct oi ports1 of j?|milor produoo during -tlie three yoarafrom federal' colonies, £1,015,203. Balance against us, £76,474,.' -ii' ??????..?'?'.'.?? . , :? -'JlreyoYouldBee frooi'ilioaeilgures'tliat'Ne^rSouih VVii)(^;ljaddonp well, doapilo the; houvy duties that her ptoducta had to undergo; What .yvoul3 bo ber /u'uce&stvvhonitlio; barriers wore thrown down ? Why with her alniostHi^liniiteil 'resources sho would bo able-'td- swjoep 'i'tli^gs. baforo her. His object in quoting tho abovo figures .was to show them that we hud reoipro -ity 'with f Ito 'other colonies, but not they with us.^ I'lio fttrmor9,of tho other ;culouie8 are all (yrott'cfcd against us, but thuy citu slump their, pro duce iuto iu without encountering any opposition. ll(ul.wo'not ric.-h soil und boundless area in which lo grow nil llu-so things wo now import? Instead we preferred to employ the formers of the other eolouiea to tht' extent cf £4,000,000 |-ur year. Ueaskoil the funner* if it diil not pny lliein better to 'Bell their produco at Bithurst or- Dubbo, if tliero wero sulBci cut demniid in thoao places, but at tho present timr if tlu-v sent it to Sydney there were thousands of truck ;louds from tho other .colonies waiting there: beforo-them uX 'Redfcrn for distribution beforo theirs could 'bo touched. Think of their farmers and grazier* on the.,border, who had to .'pay. 2s a head on slu-pp-itnd IOi on a pig to get them over the border. ? Uinlt'i- r'uilei-utioii they, would havo a fee market for ' crrrylhing. Again our wheat, was taxed by puj neislibeirs' toilio eitent of Gil to9J;.iouV.'fldii£to tlie^ liino of'i2. ' : ,.; ?? : ';-'- ''\ ?'''''''??*? ' ?''.'? \' FEDBIIATI^G TJIE KAIUvArS. ., , Kef erring to iho matter of fedcrutiug the railways, ilr. Copolund said there win a great deal of opposi tion to Iho billbeoausathid was. nut provided for. The Daily Telegraph hud strongly ixlri«cd that the riiilwnys shoiild.be tiiken'over, and if 'this hud born i ouu no doubt they would have had this paper with them. Ifc personally would fight ' tooth nnd nail' against auy such suggestion. Ho thought it would bo miidnces for ua to eurronder such a ruluablo asset. One ept-of epininUsioners could not possibly control the .entire railways of the colouies. Our land re quired pur .ruilwayB td dovclop it, and as we wero rcluining (ho former it would bo worse than foolish to part wi' h tho latter. Let them look at these-Ugures : ? ' '' . Bail way a.' Unsold Miloav Grown Lands., Nirw South Wales '2776 ... 153,000,00}/ yictoria... '...-..,.. ,. 3U3- .-. ... .. 32,000,000 Q.ife'cuslaud ... ... 2G30 .... .413,000,000 South Australia ... 1889 ... 1,504,000.000 Wojjt Australia . ... 1450 ;., 1,515,050,000 Tasniuuia. . ... .... 493 ... ?; .12,000^000 Aorcugo unsold pur head 115, 27, 8J2,':1553, 3808, und 70 respectively. Why lire might as woll'fedorate oiirroads.ns therai|ways were quite as neceasnry as the rod'ils fcdeyt'lop our land. Aguin they could not expect. West Australia to share its 1,015,000,000 acres with 'Victoria's 32,000.000— sul-Ii a proposition .was manifestly unfair. . ' . ? ? TUE LATE KEFKBENDUM. ? Ae to a national referendum, the following figures would show of what littlo avail a direct appcul to the people bad keen. At the vote on 3rd Juno last the figures wero : — ? , Yes. No. Majority. New South Wales ... 71,555 66,228 5,367 Victoria, ?{,,.. ...110,520 22,099 7,841 Sout|i'oMis,tr.5ilia ,.: ... 35,784 17,311 18,473. .TaXninnK^^j.,,. ... . .H/,706 .2,716 v; 8,990 '? 'T. v.-;^-' - 219,605 108,354 111.251 Dcspito the rnajorily of 111.251 the bill had not been passed, as thoy all knew. This great majority hud- ? Ueeft'fiirtlier' added to a mouth or two ago in South Ausliraliu, whore tho Amended Bill has boen 8ubii|ilU'd3ll.6 the electorates with tfio ' following l-i'Hiills:— ,- .?.-?' ? ? ? ?-..- ' ? Yi'f. No. Majority. 65,610 17,160 48,450 ;?.:.???; r---: THE DHADBON CIiAUSE. , : Tht-y heard 6ri every hand sinister rpports that the other colouies wero only combining with us to loot us. As fur ns that went ho would like to show, them that wo wero not in'.euch a ?4Oiidi-rful-,pVsitiou uftcr all. Duriug tho past seven yi-iirs welru-i:borrdwcd £10,000,000, andjiul used iinot her £14,000,000 fi-oin the salo of Urown laud?. Within tlit) same space of:'..1iint- Victoria liad use;l £4,000,000 and £2,500,000 respectively; This wpuld show that wo hud not been living nearly so economic ally as ouRiJicighbpr, arid perhaps tho present n.'P|-caraiu-o of our prp'SpBrity was unduly inflated, .yicloriivjlia^lin recqut years eurriei out her public 'fork's from reVcnuo'received, and wus uow porfo.-lly «olycii», A»i to- tho .'Braddo'n Biofc ' as pyopjo culled it, ho WlfliM liko to day that ho . eaw notluiiR Utijpct'ibnaSlo'bj it whatever. . It was simply one of Ilii-sb ' bogeya 'that iutcrcstod - politicians attempted to Ifrightem :thp..-peoplo?.?witli j it was a regulur 'cliurebyor* ghost.'1 '; Wiibn tho original 13 stutes ? of A morioa decided to federate they ' decided that ench «Uoul(i: collect its own ircvonuo, and pay over t'orlhin .proDqrtional ainountsto tho Fedoral Go vcrniricnf, ,. gowover, it was fouud thatdftera timo. tln-se states got into arrears, and when oallod upuri to pay up werol unablo to do so. Now our legisla tow,' boarihg tliis iu mind, eaid it would never da to allow each of . pur statos . to oolloot for thumsolves and then hand over thoir sharos, becauso if ono of them should got behind it would havo to romo to the Fcderoi Treasurer and say, 'I cannot pay tho banker.' The .treasurer would of courso have to make tho amount up somo how and would r,h en come down on the othor colonies. So they wisoly decided that instead of six treasurers collecting the Vovcnuo,- they would havo only one, and 'this one would collect for all, and return to each its fair quota. 'Xli.e JBraddon clause would mako oaoh state treasurer careful, and they would bo bound to keep down.-expendituro'eo as to make both ends ntpct.. The otlier;itat^^aw: that Now South Wales -was recklessly1 ea'fro'g up her lanil revonue, so they paid 'lot us lwve.thia clause in black aud white' so that each stato muy bo mado caroful. Under its pr.i visions if 'tlio Fedoral Treasurer raised say. £10,000,000 'ho would have to rotnrn £7,500,000 to tho various n'tatp's to bo distributed pro'rata;. That was the wholo sum and aubstance of tho olauso ' surely thoro was nothing to be frightonod of in it. ' CoNOLrsios Now ho would nob dotain them any longer. Ho tanked thorn for tUo patient andjavorablo rooop. tion they hud. qivrn him, and hoped that his speech hnd had tho effect of clearing up some knotty points .thnt'ipiglilt,-bc troubling a fewof the audio;-ofl.' 'Mr. Copolnud concluded n powerful peroration by ap peuling to tlio electors of Wellington to record their votes, on the 201 h Juno,, in favor of Australian nationhood. Ifc moved (hat this Bill provides a frcoand democratic constitution, which sliould bo nccoptci by tho 2peopl_o .of this colony (loud ap pluuee). '-'Ou a'vbto' being taken, a perfect forest -of Im'nds was held up in the aOhinativo, whilst ^tliorb -«a- not ono aguinsr. Tho result was received with loud cheering, followed by hearty cheers for Feder ated Australia. Mr. tfogarty moved a yoto of thanks to Mr. Gopo'and for his very ablo and instructivo address. Mr. Mi'I.co ' *? i- ?!!-! .1. TTo was suro that that the address would tin io a highly educative effect on the people of Welliugtou. - The rote wna carried with hearty, acclamation/ Mr. Copoland responded id'a few words, and con-, eluded by moving a vote of; thanks to tho chair; ..'' 