. i SUMMARY. " Native troops from tho Congo district are to b< drafted by tho British Government to 'the Bahr el-Ghazai district. < At an international rifle meeting at Tho Hague, Switzerland, was first, -f ranco secona, aau emu Britain seventh and last. The match Australian. Eleven against Leicester had to bo postponed yesterday, on account ot the rain. i M. "Waldeclc-Rousseau has been again aeted by the French President to form a Ministry. The British press regards as satisfactory the agreement on tho Samoan question.- arrived at by the High Commission, It is suggested that tho Samoani agreement might bo made more complete by direct negotia tions between tho Powers concerned. Tho Now Zealand Government steamer Tuta- nekal sailed yesterday for Samoa with despatches from tho Imperial Government. A body ot British' marines has forced the Fili pinos at- Somar Island to release two English prisoners, Tho Melbourne "Age," in an article yesterday, deals with "tho cool assumption that Sydney possesses tho ghost of a preferential right to! tho Federal Parliament." Mr. Ileid's pretensions to tho Federal Premier ship are ridiculed by tho Melbourne "Ago." Tho "Age," while admitting "radical errors" and "blots" in tho proposed Federal Constitution, condemns as petulant any agitation now to remedy them. Tho result ot the Referendum was discussed by tlie Cabinet yesterday; since, so far, three colonics have not accepted the measure, nothing definite was done. In the West Australian Parliament there are said to be 1G in favor ot aud 25 against tho Secret Conference BUI. Tho majority for tho Secret Conference BUI yesterday was 24,573. Tho Chief Justice yesterday commented on the shocking prevalence of illegal operations in this community. Tho "abominable advertisements" in some newspapers are blamed by Sir Frederick Darley for tho prevalence of illegal operations. At tho Water Polico Court yesterday Gilbert- Probyn Smith was committed for trial charged with a criminal libel on John Norton, M.P. John Norton wont Into the box at tho Water Police Court yesterday and denied seriatim the charges made- against him by Gilbert Smith. Julius Flatau, clerk, was yesterday committed % for trial charged with being concerned in cir> ) culatlng a criminal libel on John Nortou. Colonel Pitt, Messrs. F. H. Fraser and H. Gourlay have been added to tho Netv Zealand Legislative Council., The New Zealand Parliament was opened yc& terday. Tho Governor's Speech referred to Itu continued prosperity of tho colony. An Improvement in tho colony's defences wai announced in the New Zealand Governor's SpdeoK -to Parliament. A revision of tho tariff was hinted at by tho New Zealand Governor yesterday, and several labor measures wero announced. The Cabinet met yesterday and decided not to make an appointment to tho vacant Attorney- Generalship until next week. It Is probable that tho portfolios of Cabinet members will bo re-arranged. On the Sydney Stock Excliango yesterday there was a fairly good business. Bank shares were firmer; raining shares steady. Principal Moulton, of Newington College, hai had the degree of E.D. conferred upon him bj the Victorian University, Canada. Tho proposed Grenfell- Wyolong railway wai further considered by the Public Works Commit tee- yesterday. Tho Minister for Agriculture has under, con sideration a bill dealing with vegetable diseases. ..Business was small In tho produco markets . yesterday and values weakened. The mining boom at Inverell continues and local syndicates are sending out prospectors even week. During next week Mr. Brough will revlvi "Niobo" and "Dandy Dick," at tho Theatrt Royal. An order lor tho examination of witnesses in England was made yesterday in the case, Howel! v. Camden Exploration Co. Mr. Justice Cohen yesterday, in tho case Henry v. Poole held that an inspector of nulsancei had power, in tho pursuit of his duty, to break th« surface' of private ground. Reports from tho country yesterday told of fur ther useful rains. Mr. Wraggo forecasts for New South Wales snow over tho highlands. A writ of attachment was issued yesterday in the bankruptcy case, estate ot Edward Hayes Symonds. A decree nisi was granted yesterday In the case, Synie v. Syme. Tho divorce case, Hiddleston v. Hlddlcston, yesterday was hung up for six months to enable evidence to be obtained in West Australia. In tho Brisbane Supremo Court yesterday Mrs. Eva C. Sharpo commenced an action against Basil C. Worley, insuranco company manager, for alleged defamation, claiming £5000. Tho Queensland Government has issued a cir cular letter to civit servants warning thorn against any attempt to securo advantages by political Influence. A publican of Windeyer, near Mudgee, hai just taken out her 50th iiceuso, probably a record for tho colony. " Shearing commenced at Nocoleeho Station, Wanaaring, on Juno«l3. Harry Smith, caretaker at tho Wantabadgery woolshod, cut Ills throat on Tuesday because tho Secret Conference Bill passed. An inquest was held yesterday on tlio body of JJr. Fox, who committed sulcido tho previous day. Tho West Australian Premier yesterday prom ised a deputation to improvo tho harbor ol Bunbury. So far this year tho West Australian gold mines have paid £1,000,000 in dividends. A petition Is to bo presented to the New Zealand House of Representatives praying for tho re moval of Judge Edwards on the ground of bias. Tho Victorian Full Court yesterday decided that tho City Coroner had power to commit Mrs. Dillon for refusal to reveal tho paternity ot the baby O'Callaghan. Splhndld rains aro reported from South Austra lia. Tho Inquiry was resumed yesterday at Brisbane Into tho Woolloongnbba murder, when ovidonel clearing Bonnor of suspicion was given. Tliero is likely to ho trouble in Melbourne Hos pital over a rulo that patients should pay some thing towards tho cost of their treatment. Tho Victorian Commission on cool storago pre sented its report yesterday. Edward Smith secured £250 and Jano Smith £909. damages from tlio Railway Commissioners yester day for Injuries sustained by the latter iu a tram accident. . A number of persons were punished at the Newtown Court yesterday Cor creating a disturb ance at a Federal meeting. Tho English football team will play to-day the flrst of tho test matches against Australia. Tlie shaft ot the Sydney coal mine ts now down 1000ft. It Is not expected to reach coal until at a depth of 3000ft. The president of the Water and Sowcrngo Board . yesterday promised that the hoard would consldci tho question ot charging for water Used In hotel horse-troughs. Mr. Hogue during tlio coming sessions intends to bring in a hill to deal with juvenile offenders. In tho London metal markets, copper, iron, and silver are higher; tin Is lower. Tho London sugar market Is depressed, and tho European wheat markets are declining. The Wesleyan Centenary Fund now amounts to £25,500. Tho Railway Commissioners returned to-day from a visit of inspection of the Western Hue. Sir Joseph Abbott, It Is generaly believed, will resign tho Speakership, and Mr. M'Court will bo the Government nominee for tho offlce. The barque Empreza has discovered four cast away New Caledonian tleket-of- leave men on Lellelsour Islaud. The men had been there nine months. . Thero Is no prospect ot a settlement of tho western collieries' strike. ICIrkpatrlck, overseer on Dunlop station, Bourke, has boon found dead In tho bush, Floods nro reported from Victoria. Tho import markets were netlvo In distributing circles yesLerclay, and prices generally, showed increased firmness. 