A GHOST IN A HOSPITAL. AN EXTRAORDINARY STORY. Greatidlflicultyihas recently been experi enced lw getting, nurses to take night "duty in the hospital"ntfhclied ;to'.Greenw-lch Col lege, 'bwl'n'g. to.hljeinpe'turnnl visitations of a phantom huree; in; the 'wards and' corridors. .About n dozen-hUrses.liijBuccessibn have ten dered tlic'lr rcslgnattons);: after staying from two to six weeks,' until the seuse of the place being haunted Completely , unstrung their nerves, renderlngjtthem' unfit for the duty of tending the sick. ' One of these nurses, who Is liow llviiig.at home; gave the following account to "Lloyd's" representa tive of her experience was about mid night, and I was sittlngiln the. centre of the room, expecting every iiibnieiit to have a cup of tea brought- to me. A; nurse, lis It seemed to mi', entered tbe :robjji a few steps, aud . then went back lig'nln: Without speaking. <1 could not lihderstandiwhttt It-meant," and ran aloiig the passage lafferlhe'r., There was. no body to bo'seeii, and I" "jyns so, puzzled that I could -hardly- , summon. courage to return to nirt:pb!it'.:vjs'o:.featai'as4>rbught;to'-mothat: night, and In the tmornlng everyone denied . having come' Into the ward during tbe night. Then I learned that ':several nurses' had loft the Institution scared by the same appari tion tlmt I- had, seen. - It was Impossible, fur me to take duty another night." The report speedily got nhrond thnt tho college was' haunted,, and local spiritualists, of whom there are many lu the royal suburb, turned their- attention to the solution of the mystery. It was then found that tin old dwelling Immediately behind the college was quite a rendezvous of ghosts— unaccountable noises terrified 'the occupants nightly, with sundry violent accompaniments, such its orna ments falling from the shelves, and a book case being dislodged from the wall. The spiri tualists nrrnngedrto: hold a seance, nnd hired ;it-mcdiani :froin iKenslngton. An actress, who was. playing' Trilby In a touring com-, pany, 'nlsoicaiiieifor an object lesson in liyp- inotlsm. ; There -.were.- five ladles and four gentlemen, Including a clergyman, who solem- rnlsed thei proceedings with prayer. Presently the, medium, became entranced, nnd the spirit w-h|cli possessed .him directed that all the company should descend to the basemont. The sequel was very extraordinary. Every body promptly fell into a trance, and an in voluntary' free fight ensued, the Indies scrat ching each other's faces and tearing out each other's hair. For several of the com pany thnt was thelr'last spiritualistic enter tainment, and the clergyman declines to speak of the affray. 'What relation exists be tween these ' obstreperous spirits and the phantom nurse Is, of course, not known; though very lately other mediums have been requisitioned from Brighton nnd other places by the. more persistent and courageous, of the spiritualists; "Lloyd's" representative was informed' by one of them — not the spirits, hut the spiritualists— thnt the mediums all concurred that there was money under the floor of- the house. . So far, however, the boards have not been taken up to put that statement to the test. ' . .... . 