A VETERAN OF THE STAGE, CIIAT WITH MR. J. F. CATHCART. What a host, of stage memories are awakened by the announcement that that sterling aetor of the old school, Mr. J. F. Cathcart, will shortly celebrate his retire ment from the stage by a well earned bene fit. The present generation of playgoers only know Mr. Cathcart as one of the most versatile of Australian Thespians, who lias been seen witli credit in a vast range of drama, from the delicate irony of Sheridan and the playful fancy of Goldsmith to the tempestuous passion of Lear and Othello. But almost before Melbourne was known, nnd tlie naked savage was stiff pursuing tlie kangaroo of Emerald Hill, Mr. Cathcart was acquiring a reputation for himself on tlie English stage. The venerable actor bears the weight of his 71 years with sur prising activity. Notwithstanding that mem bers of the dramatic professions perforce defy the laws of health by turning night into day, they are often remarkably healthy and long lived. Mr. Cathcart has become a little deaf with advancing years, but all his other faculties are perfect; his voice has lost none of its resonance, and his step is as light to-day as it was 20 years ago. "I was practically born upon the stage," said the veteran in a chat with a- representative of "The Age" the other day. "My father, James Cathcart, travelled what was known as the Hampshire circuit. In those days travelling companies were prac tically unknown. A manager would get together a troupe, and he would work a few towns that were contiguous. The company would spend a month or two in eacli place, playing a round of stock pieces, usually oi what is known as 'legitimate drama.' I was born at Gosport, in Hampshire, on 30th December, 1828, and was christened James Faucit, the second name being derived from my godfathers, brothers of Miss Helen Faucit, who afterwards enjoyed consider able celebrity as the wife of Sir Theodore Martin. My father was a very popular aetor, especially in Scotland, which he frequently visited after he left the Hampshire circuit. When Anderson, the Wizard of the North, as he was called, staged Julius Caesar, at Drury-lane, James Cathcart, senior, was the Cassius of the production, and ho frequently played in London theatres. My stater, Fanny Cathcart, also took to the stage, and coining to Australia with G. V. Brooke in 1855 was for 20 years or more a great favorite with the colonial public." \- Mr. Cathcart made his first appearance on the stage in 1S31, when he was only 3 years old, as the child of Cora, in the old play of Pizarro. Readers of Thackeray will remember that Cora was one of the charac ters in _ which the luxuriaut charms of Miss l'olheriiigay caught the fancy of the sus ceptible Pendennis in tho little theatre at Chatteris. The. youthful Cathcart had liis first speaking part when he was 6 years of age, in a play called The Hunter, of the Alps, in which his father appeared; and whenever there was a child's part in the dramas staged, James Catheart's boy was usually cast for- it. In time he became call boy and prompter, and subsequently took a regular place m the company, appear ing in stock roles, and obtaining that tho rough grounding in the business of the thea tre winch was the apprenticeship of an ac tor GO years ago. Mr. Cathcart states that in his younger days he constantly played six different pieces a week, and was sup posed to bo letter perfect in all of them.' What, lie asks, would the dramatic artist of to-day think of having to sustain a different Sliakspearian part every night in the week? "One night at tlie Theatre Royal, Glasgow, in 18-12," says Mr. Cathcart, "the pro gramme for the evening comprised Hamlet, then a duet and a dance, a -musical trifle called Mischief Making, more dancing, and finally Sheridan Knowles's William Tell, in wlich I played Albert and my father the title part. Wc used to begin at 7 o'clock at the Glasgow Theatre Royal, and the cur tain would not be rung down until lialf- pnst 12, anil often not until 1 o'clock. The public sat it nil. through, and enjoyed it, whereas now if a performance goes much beyond two hours and a half the audience gets up impatiently and goes away. I was engaged for nine months once in Glasgow, and in all that time I seldom got more than three hours' sleep. We played an extra ordinary number of pieces, ana it was study, study all the time; hardly a moment of leisure being allowed the hard worked com pany. I'll tell you an amusing story of my Glasgow experience. Sheridan Knowles used to come -down as a star, anil plav in his own drama of William Tell; anil one -year I was his Albert. Knowles had: the gift of "blarneying" beyond any man I ever knew. After. the piece had ended, prin ting nie on the head, the dramatist said to my father: — "This bhoy of yours, Mr. Cath cart — isn't he a jewel. The foinest Albert 1 ever saw. Sure, he's the makings of a great , career, and you ought to be proud of him." The following year, when Sheri dan Knowles came again, the manager thought I bad groivn too big to play Albert,, and my sister went . on in my place. Knowles was in an ecstacy of appreciation. "Your daughter, Mr. Cathcart— how beau tifully Bhc plays that blioy; she does it even bettiior than last year." After that we used to take Mr. Knowles's judgments as com: ing from his heart, rather than from his liend. "Ip 1850 I joined Charles Kenn, the great est tragedian of his day, and for 18 yeu'rs was a member of liis company, spending with it some of the happiest days of my life. It was a valuable experience to net with Mr. and Mrs. Kean, and the excellent peo ple they had with thein, for they played the entire limit of what is known as the legiti mate drama, nnd in the last bine yen'rs of my engagement I appeared in all the second parts of the Kean repertoire. ' When Kean was in London he occupied the Princess Theatre in Oxford-street, and once, when I played Malcolm to Kean's Macbeth, the famous Judge Talfourd, who wrote the critique of the performance for the 'Morn ing Post,' said of me, 'Mr. Cnthcart spoke the beautiful language of Malcolm with a purity and sweetness which no English actor in our time has excelled.' Between 1850 and 1859 I played with Mr. and Mrs. Chavles Kean, at Windsor Castle, before the Queen and the Prince Consort, no less than 10 times. Here are the cuttings from the 'Court Circular,' with the various castes; and you will see that even before that dis tinguished audience I was entrusted with important parts. In 1863, I cainc witli the ICeans to Australia, and was here for nine months. Kean played at the llaymarket Theutre in Melbourne, and Barry Sullivan was then at the Theatre Royal. Our inanager was seen in all his favorite parts, and it was Barry Sullivan's practice to an ticipate him in everything. If we an nounced Hamlet for Saturday, Sullivan would play it on the Friday; if lvean adver tised The Gamester for Monday, Sullivan would do it on the Saturday. The rivalry excited the greatest public interest, and both tragedians had large audiences. In 1864 Mr. and Mrs. Kean left Sydney for San Francisco, and I went with them, Mr. George Coppin being of the company. The passage to California occupied no fewer than 84 days in the sailing vessel Fanny Smale, and we all thought we would never see land again. Kean appeared through the large cities of America, and in I860 returned to England, occupying his old theatre in Ox ford-street once more. Charles Kean made his last appearance nt Liverpool in ISGo, and died in London in the same year, his death severing a connection that I can always look back upon with the greatest satisfac tion. My next engagement was with Barry Sullivan for a period of seven years, during which I travelled England and America, playing in all the pieces with which his name was associated. I played Richmond to Barry Sullivan's Richard III. in 1875 at the opening -of Baldwin's Theatre in San Francisco, a building which you will re member was burnt down not long since. In 1877 I was back in America again, and re turned to England in 1878. For many years pay sister Fanny bad been urging me to come to Australia, and, yielding to her soli citations, I arrived here in April, 1879. My first engagement was with Messrs. Coppin, Honnings and Greville, at the Theatre Royal, when I played Richard III. The Australian public is familiar -with my his tory since. I have played with Mr. George Rignold in all the pricipal Australian cen tres; with Messrs. Williamson and Mus- grove; with Messrs. Brough and Boucicault, nnd Mr. Charles Holloway, touching the entire gamut of human emotion from rol- UCKing iarcc ana sunning iragcuy to uie blood and thunder of sensational melo drama. What was my favorite part? I think I liked Sir Peter Teazle better than anything else, and my friends were pleased to "say that they liked me best in Sheridan's masterpiece; but I have played everything in the legitimate line, and felt equally at home in Sir Lucius O'Trigger or as the Ghost of Hamlet's father. Sly last engage ment was with Sir. Harry Rickards as Lord Rentoul in The Little Minister Company, and there does not appear to be any fur ther scope for the old style of acting in which my earlier triumphs were achieved. 1 have hail only 13 weeks' employment dur ing the last two years, and simple as my wants are it is quite impossible to live on such meagre reward. It is not for me to decry the modern stage, which now proposes to do. me so much kindness. Old men live in the past, arid for them there are no davs like the davs of their youth. But I shall be pardoned for saying that the public is riot thrilled by the acting of to-day as it was 50 years ago. The expression 'the pit roso at him' was literally true. You would see people carried away by the feeling of the scene, the passion and the energy of tho performer, rising with gasping breath, drinking in every word of the fierce decla mation or tlie pathetic outburst, and sub siding in sobs, or breaking into enthusiastic cheers as the scene closed. Now people re gard dramatic representations with the pla cidity of a panorama. There is' no energy of action or vigor of utterance. Much of the force of the dialogue is smothered, and, indeed, in tlie conversational style of stago discourse a great deal of what transpires ia never henrd. The advice given to me in. my young days was to 'speak up,' and tho best advice I can give the young actors of to-ilay is to remember that a little boy nt the back of the gallery has paid sixpence, not to see a dumb show, but to hear the words, and it is the duty of the actor, not to shout or rant, but by distinctness of in tonation to make himself heard." , Mi\ C'nthcart's benefit will take place nt the Princess's Theatre on Thursday, 30th November, and hh a capital progrnmmo is- announced for the' occasion the old actor should . have a bumper house. 