Pegging Claims for Posterity. Sin, — OptioianB tell us the human eyes are nob ' \ \ even pairs,1 one being much , stronger than the other. Shdemakers tell us our feet are not evenly matched. - Chiropodists go so far as to say we 1 cannot raise a well matched pair, of the ex- . creaences cplled corns. This accounts for the lopided view we take of things, and .the many false steDs we take. If we lift the scalpel knife ; . and examine.the brain-pan we shall find gluttony - - and Belf-preseryation dominating forces. _ If we ?-?/;,? explore the tympanum a glance shows its bus ceptility to external sound. Can we then won der, 'neath the din of battle in the name of Em J lire-making, that the majority take a peculiarly opsided view of the situation.. As a natural , structure Father Fagan iB presumedly noexcep tion to the general order of 'humanity. ,Henco- his dislike to the Boer, and his moral support to Empire-making (otherwise national robbery) ,? . , may be accounted for as altove; As to hiB idea of pegging out claims for_ posterity, has the Boer no posterity to maintain a foothold for, or ? does Futher Fagan look upon British aa the only posterity! Personally I never allow , the troubles qf posterity to crowd into my short and . toilsome existence. As, however, civilised pro- , gress -recognises the future, we must discuss the matter from such o basis. To begin with, we cannot justify Empire making — or extending the Empire by conquest— by tho ghost of honesty, humanity, or Christianity. Empire making' is a civilised term applied to. the natural brute order— a state in which the stronger believes the ; rest of things were made for its especial benefit. This state sees 110 difference in destroying knott' grass or red-weed and the aborigines of a newly discovered territory. When Father Fagan sup ports . the. principle of Empire- making as ex pounded by him, lie acknowledges civilisation — ' but spieiitiffo .brutality, I by no means wish to federate spirituahand mundane matters, yet we cannot teadli Christian humanity and brutul con quest from the same platform. If Father'Fagan supposes Britain holds a PROViDENTiAL mandate ? to wipe'/iitit or subdue the rest of tho world's peoples, ? he is certainly justified in the viewB expounded. This popular and educated gentle Imun is well aware that , l-efore to-day many supirosed tiiey were the chbaen to rule the world. Just then, however, in reaching too far the vital internal cords gave way, and those nations col- ' ? lapsed. . Rhodes' system of swuinping Boer rule by immigration is the more humafie. The end is, however, the same, and the method is decep tion. If we are to adopt ^he methods inherent in all animal aud plant life, why not give it us in the rough ?? what need is there for a civilised / ' veneer, or why teach a Christian doctrine, if we are but the puppets of brutal creation ? If we must obey tne brutal instincts -ve are powerless to establish inward purity. Love of a fellow being is an imposture if the laws of Nature com pel ys to rob or shoot him down. The latter, according to your report, is the doctrine sup ported by Father Fagan. Excluding Christianity or creed from the subject, I am satisfied it is the civilisation which honors wealth and admits an exchange or loan profit on the currency ' that iB responsible for the present, if not all, the wars. National extension by conquest is 'national piracy. The present war is a butchery such as would shame the crew of a Chinese junk. There should, however, be little sympathy for sol diers of any king or queen.' Such men sell - their lives to their respective sovereigns. I11 ' 1 fighting they are but fulfilling tho duties of a compact. It is the man that leaves his farm or daily toil in defence of his country that com mands our sympathy, or at least the sympathy of honesty and justice. Will Father Fagan at- . tempt to justify the Cromwellian war ip Ireland? . Yet the people of that island were then more primitive 111 their habits than iR the Boer to^day. Then why justify Chamberlain's African raid on the Boer ? Men jusiify doings and things be cause their faculties, vision, and hearing are lop-, sided. They look upon the favorable side of a picture, and enthuse. The humility, suffering, . and misery depicted on the other side never reaches their vision or strikes the membrane of their brutal Jack-ass ears. If we are to puraue brutal conquest, let us do so, but not in the name of humanity. And let us begin by destroying the degenerated, sickly, immoral masses that in fest our own citiefa. They are eucumbrances in our way. TheI3oer or the now riddled Khalifa^ blocks our way also. From a British view, and . from (apparently) Father Fagan's view, such - races are hut the human lizards especially created to feed its more resourceful ophidian species. ,, Its inhiynan methods of development . will rot . the British main trunk. If the , prin- ciple of might is right obtains iii this our foreign diplomacy, that same principle is assuredly 'working within our own limits. Britain, like Persia of old; will burst its own bingy in its anxiety to hall mark the earth and subdue its peoples. Or like ancient Rome, will Bwill and rot in excesses, the result of its brutal, if natural, policy of Empire- making. — Yours, &c.;, ? JAIRHS. The Weather. — In the early part of tho' . week thunderstorm followed thunderstorm nightly, with the utmost regularity, and the reports of Heaven's artillery on these occasions was something to be remembered, but this disturbance of the elements has given place to cleur, bright weather, hot enough in all con science, but still not oppressive, and as we go to press, there seems a reasonable prospect of some fine days eventuating. ' The soaking rains diiring the late storms were welcome to. many farmers, but the latter are now crying, ' Hold, enough.' Painful Case. — Before Mr. E. Jones, P.M. atTainworth, a deaf und dumb girl, unable to read or. write or make use of the deaf and dumb iflphabet, . proceeded against the re puted father of her child. Defendant denied paternitj', and the ca3e was adjourned with the view of a. settlement being arrived at. Miserable Criticism. — 'S.C.,' Sydney ; writer for the Clareuce Examiner , who has in aud out of season maligned Mr. G. ' H. Reid, now descends to the depths of telling his read ers that Mr. Reid dines at a nine-penny Syd ney restaurant. A nine-penny feed would : y hardly gratify the hungry crowd ? 'S.C.'- ?, barracks for. Mr. Imeson, late of Bega, was brought iu to Casino. Hospital on Monday, with a smashed leg. His condition is critical. ilie shallow slate of- the .North Arn^ is 1 causing some trouble to Richmond shipping, and if something is not soon done in . tiie way of dredging the oceun-going boats will not be able to navigate the stream, or rather 'drain.' This is further evidence of the advisability of extending the railway from Lismore to Coraki. — Clarence Advocate. A- horse bolted with a sulky at Lismore on Tuesday, and running into a fence in Wood lark-utreet, broke its neck. Eighty passengors by the Nineveh, inclnd i ng * twa Lancers, are still quarantined, and ' will not be released till 23rd instant. The re main'dot'Of the 'Lancers landed quietly early \v lust Sunday morning, A few comrades as sembled at the Parramutta Barracks gave the new arrivals a hearty welcome. Mr. O'Sullivan says tliuta design had been - brought undor his notice for building a bridge between North and South Heiid. The height of the centre of 'this structure above high water mark would only be about half-a-mile. , The 'licence of the Halfway Hotel, Wood' bum-Chatsworth road, has been transferred from George Hay ward to Jacob Erkkila. * Mrs. Pearson, wife of Mr. W. Pearson, of Greenridge, is suffering from a severe illness, . and was last week in Casino under the care of Dr. Rutherford. The Daily Telegraph has turned a remark able somersault. While Mr. Reid was in power it said never a word iu adverse criticism of his financial methods. Last week, how ever, it vigorously condemned Reid's finunc- . ing and — more remarkable still — advised Lyno / to impose customs duties to wipe, out the deficit. , Mrs. Craig, wife of Mr. Nicholas Craig, o{ - Jerrara Park, died last. week. The deceased ? ? '? lady wus 'one of tho eurly pioueers of Kiama„ and had reached a gre'it uge. For supply of .ironwork for bridge nt ' Tubulam, the tender of Pope, Maher, anil \ Co., Sydney, £1857, haB been accepted. A Cliinamun named Ah Joe, who died nt Bourke, iii' his will directed that a band should precede the hearse, and his wish was complied with, a sum of money being set aside for paying ; the band. Eat, drink, and be merry. Eatnur Christ mas Groceries, drink our Christmas Tea's mid Coffees, und it will make your ChristiiMia v merry when you find how cheap wo sell them. 1 ~ '' Nesditt, M'Master & Co., Lismore (only). 