The Hosnital Concert. . A GREAT SUCCESS. Xhe concert in aid of the Bathurst Hospital in the School of Arts' Hall last evening was a pronounced success, the hall being well filled, especially the circle. The takings approximated £80, the expenses in ourred being something like £8 ; the oredit balance, therefore, is £22, and with the Government subsidy will be augmented to -C-ld. 'Phia amnnttf. arlAart tr» TTrtoMifnl Qim. day's takings, £41, and the Government subsidy thereupon, £82, makes a total of £126 — a really splendid Christmas box for our admirable Institution. The very high est praise is due to those gentlemen who have actively interested themselves in the financial welfare of the Hospital, and tho Hospital Committee, no doubt, will, when opportunity presents itself, aooord them a very cordial vote of thanks. Advert ing to the success of the concert from a musical point of view the name of Mr. T. H. Massey, the talented organist of All Saints' Cathedral, under whose immediate supervision it was carried out, must be specially mentioned, inasmuch as the pro gramme he presented was one the excellence of which it would be difnoult to surpass. The various items were well rendered and well received. During an interval in the entertainment Alderman A. B. James thanked Mr. Massey very heartily for the kindness he had shown on behalf of the Hospital in organising the concert, which all, he felt sure, had greatly appreciated. The programme was opened by the or chestra playing 'The Bronze Horse' (Auber). It consisted of the following musioians : — First violins, Misses Apps and Godfrey, Messrs. W. G. Smith, A, L. Dowse, E. Devison; second violins, Misses. G. Seage, Doyle, and Waddell, Messrs. Liberty, Toole, Hordern ; viola, Master Bert Devison ; contra bass, Mr. F. Fuller ; 'cello, Mr. 'W. Doyle ; oboe, Mr. W. Dry den ;? bassoon, Mr. W. H. Nay lor ; olarionet, Mr. Lupp ; flute, Mr. W. Kirkman; cornets, Messrs. 0. Toovey, Maddy ; horn, Mr. R. Thomas ; euphonium, Mr. C. Lupp ; oymbals, Mr. Godfrey ; drum, Mr. F. Martin ; trombone, Mr. J. Weal. Miss Tilly Taylor rendered ' For the Sake of the Fast ' (Mattei) in rather good voice, the audience seemingly being pleased with the number. Mr. C. Lupp's euphonium solo, 'Gipsy's Warning' (Hartman) was well played and duly appreciated. Miss Maud Hewson, who was accorded a good reception, very sweetly rendered ' Joyous Life,' an emphatio enoore being demanded, when she added 'Listening,' (Packer.) Mr. H. Henlen's contribution of ' Across the far blue hills, Marie,' a difficult song, was well rendered. In order to vary the 'pro- gramme, an operetta, ' My Undo the Ghost,' was enaoted. The prinoipal cha racters were sustained by Miss Maud Ellis (' Mrs. Susan Pennefather ' — the ghost's niece), and Mr. J. Maodonald (' Jack Waters ' — the niece's sweetheart.) Thepieo'e Maodonald sustaining their parts admirably. Following the operetta, Miss Jean Love (a visitor from the Metropolis), a young lady possessing a good soprano voice, with a capital range, rendered Masoheroni's ' Memories Divine' so well that she was recalled, when she repeated the last stanza. The first part of the programme was terminated by the orohestra very sweetly playing ' Pizzioata from Sylvia,' (Delibes). The second part was opened by the orohestra delightfully rendering Schubert's 'Rosa- munde.' Miss Gertie Seage, the mezzo soprano who annexed the gold modal at the recent Eisteddfod, sang Donnezetti's ' My Dearest Fernando' in excellent voice, a deoided encore being insisted upon, the vocalist repeated the concluding verse. Another selection by the orohestra 'The Rustio Dance' (Vandervell), which was ap preoiated, and then Miss Hewson gave the famous song ' Only a Penny.' It was per missible to, throw coins on the stage whilst the song was being rendered, and at times quite a hail of pennies rattled over the foot lights, thesingerstoopingnowand then topiok them up, the songbeing continued thewhile. The song being finished the singer was enthusiastically applauded with the result that she hod again to make her appearance and . repeat portion of the song. When counted it was found that the collective value of the coins (pennies principally, and other coins, including one florin) amounted to a few pence under 15s, whioh, of course, will go to the institution. Another short operetta ' The Blind Beggars,' in whioh Mr. 0. V. Naylor (' Mr. Zaohariah Morgan'), Mr. J. Fish ('Mr. Buffies'), took part, afforded a pleasurable diversion in tho programme, and the efforts of the aotors were very much- appreciated by the audience. The song 'Idle Words' (Adams) rendered by Miss Love was well received, tho pro gramme being brought to a oloso by the orohestra playing Wagner's 'Tannhauser Maroh.' Mr. F. Ohoffins mode an effioient. stage manager. The accompanists were Messrs. T. H. Massey and W. H. Naylor. 