CHAPTER'III. snowy mysteries and giving finishing tonrhes toiler hair. The door opened ana Dolores entered. She moved with n languid step, und her face was pallid and anxious. "You lock awful!" exclaimed Cynthia, with sisterly candour. " I can't think what's come over you! For goodness' sake, child, try and put off that melancholy Ophelia busi ness for once. IJeiliy. people will begin to fon. You'ro just like a ghost. I notice yon. declare I'd make you rouge if I "had any. I've heard geranium petals d-p as well; but it's not the season for thctn. Try a rough towel." Dolores made no reply. She did indeed look ill. Her face had lost its youthful roundness end grown sharp pnd thin. Dark circles shadowed her eves ana intensified the dusky length of lushes.. Iler step was slow and languid, and her lips never smiled. She seemed to move and act and speak by mechanical instinct. The verve and spring of life had pono from her. "No letter vetV" obseived Cynthia, in quiringly. " Well, after all, he's not been gone so very long. You'll have to adopt mv philosophy, deer. * If he do not write to me, what caro I ltow nico ho bo !* Not that Cyril was ever '^nice* in mv opinion. He thought too much of hiuisolf. A conceited man never makes a satisfactory lover. Now my poor old dear is rather too fond of bring ing himself to my notice. Sco there!" She pointed to the flowers, and then took up a trinket box from the dressing-table. ^ •" fThis—to my Anthea,'" she read, and opening it showed the sparkle of a diamond ciralct.'wljich was speedily transferred to a slender finger. "Pretty, isn't it? That's the third ring ho lias given me. I suppose tkb fourth will be the one." " Alias Tatton has excelled herself," said Cynthia presently, in approval of her own appearance, "Taste and tho 'Lady's Pic torial' can do wonder3 even in a country village. These gowns have quito atowr. mado touch about them, I assure you. I've not studied Mrs. Ferrers'a frocks for nothing. I hope vour bodice will fit, Dolly ? Usee is >r Vo " "" " barely comfortable; but you wunt singing room. Goodness! there's Auut Sarah calling and you're not dressed. What a nuisance punctual people are." J "I'll take this into my room," exclaimed Dolores, hurriedly. "She'll only fuss and detain me. "Keep her here for goodness* sake. Show her your rime—anything." She seized her bodice and flrd. A quarter of an hour later the two girls wora iu tho drawing-room of the vicarage, undergoing the criticism of father and aunt. Cynthia was radiant. 3Ier loveiy colouring was all the more brilliant in contrast to her colourless nttire. Dolores, too, had no lack of roses to complain of. but the flush on her checks was too feverishly brhliaut to last, and her eyes bed a wild strained look that spoke of zn?ntal tension. The vicar regarded, them with admiring interest, their aunt villi a due appreciation of the dressmaker's skill us an adjunct of youth and beauty. Her father's eyes rested on Dolly's face with a dawning expression of wonder, and their gaze growing inoro intent, noted some change in that face that gave him r momen tary pang; it brought out tho likeness to that dead wifo so strongly. But why should the child look ill, and what had brought that hunted, half-terrified look into her soft eyes r Those eyed which had always seemed to fore shudow sorrow even in childhood. Ero he could frame his troubled thoughts into words she had thrown her cloak over her shoulders and turned away on pretence of finding her music. Ifcr hands shook, she felt cold and sick. Tho names and titles of the •ongs swum hazily before her eyes. She wondered liow she would ever get through the evening with this new* sense of terror weighing upon her heart. "When she stood on the platform and gazed down on the familiar faces it seemed to her that they rlt woro a look of curiosity, or question." The blood mounted to Iter brow, the beating of her heart was quick and painful. Hor eyes fell on tho flowers she ncld in lier hand, and their snowy purity seemed to meek her agonised thoughts. As one fu a.dream she heard the uccom-j paniment to her Bong, and knew the bar that gave the signal for the voice. With a rush of emotion she began, M The stars shine on hi* pathway, ' The trees fcend back tL^ir leaves, To guide him to the uieadow. ^ " \- Among tli'? golden sheaves.", . . ^ 1 The passionate words, the hurst of joy that proclaimed the '* waiting" over, scut a thrill through tho listeners. It reoracnl as if the singer's very fuuItvus in tho music, its long ings tied abandonment and delight, for it was her own lore and longing that the sang, and memory carried her hack to hours when she had waited for a fact full and trembled with ecstasy in her lovers embrace. Then hope aropo and whispered that as it bad been so it ehould bo again. Her eyes wore like stare, and men looking at her thought that riie song too well of love for one to whom love wa3 an unknown guest. But they recalled her again and ugain, for no voice there was liko hers, and the joy and beauty nnd pathos of it left strange memories bohiud. She wag succeeded by Sir. LiUlecrapp, whose performance afforded intense amuse ment to all and snndry, and tried his fianwo'r nerves and patience to n degree that the diamond circlet scarcely rendered passive. However, he was so well satisfied with him self that comment was superfluous. Certainly nono was made. Dolores hud to sing once more, and this time selected tbo old ballad of " Robin Gray." There were few dry eyea in the little hall vvheu she had finished, and her own were wet aa she left the platform. Mrs. Ferrers greeted her with enthusiasm. I wonder you don't go into the profession," she said. 14 With a year's training your voico admirable. You'd create a furor< would be admirable. You'd create a furore in London." 44 Nonsense! Don't try to,turn the child's I head," exclaimed Mr. Lifliccrapp. He didr particularly desire his future wife's sister to adopt a public profession. He had the curious middie-clas3 prejudice against art. It was not a thing by which fortunes were rapidly mado; and therefore cf small account, com mercially considered. Besides^ this chit of a child had created quite a sensation where his efforts had only met with polite toleration. It argued badly for country tastes. To Dolores herself tho whole evening was an ordeal from wh&h; she was longing to escape. She refused Mrs. Ferrers* s invitation to return to supper with the rest of the con cert party. She declared her head ached, she was tired, she must go home, and persuasions were useless. When she was alone in her own room, she threw off her pretty frock,, with a sudden dis regard of everything but' relief. Then she sat down at the little tab'e in her window, and wrote a letter. It was not lung, and as she wrote it all the girlish beauty of her face seemed to harden and grow cold and fierce and determined. "When she had sealed and addressed it she blew out her light and sat for long by the open window, gazing cut at the starlit garden. 44 If I could only stop thought until I get his answer'" she cried to herself. "I cannot bear this silence and suspense. I feel as ir I should go mad. Has he allered? Has he forgotten? Oh! if he has, what will become of rae.'t She sank down on her knees, her head pillowed against tlxe hard window sear, alone with the night and desolation. The tloor handle was softly turned. Some one looked in. "Are you asleep, Dolly r" said a voice. Tho gitl lifted her head and struggled tc lier feet. 44 Wbv, good gracious roe, I thought you 'ere in Led. Don't tell me you've been mop ing in the dark all this time. Hon* silly you are ! And wc had such h good time at the hull. "Why wouldn't yon come V* 441 didn't want to," said the girl, dully. 11 Didn't want tu? But why? Surely i was better than sitting up here alone fretting yourself ill. Why," touching her suddenly, "you'io as cold as death. Keally, Dolly, you want a good shaking 1 I shall tell father about you. You dor nothing but sulk and raopo: it's getting unbearable." " What did vou come in for? To tell roe this V "No. I just came iu to *ay ?he day has been fixed. •-I'm going-to be' laurried the end of nest mouth. Torn declares he won't wait any longer, and Mrs. Ferrer* and I were talking about tho bridesmaids' dresses. I'll only have two, aud a page .to hold up my train. That pretty boy of Mrs. D'Arey's will do. She's promised hira. He has been at lots of weddings, and can be trusted. There's very little time, bat it's no use thinking of a grand wedding here. Now what colours do yuu say? Yv'hilu and pmk is pretty, anjl suits the season toe; and you always look well in pink." A little uncertain laugh broke from Dolores. Do I ? Will, it's all one to me; have what colour you wish." If a girl cannot take an interest in ; wedding, and her own sister's, too, there must be something radically wrong abotit he*" 44What do you mean?" cried Dolores, sharply, her face growing suddenly white. 44 Just what I say. You don't show the least interest or sympathy; and it's very hard, considering llow we've been brought up together nud had everything in common." " Except our sympathies," said Do!oresl coldly. "They were always at variance, to the best of my "recollection." Annas for you marriage, what do you expect me to say? I know you dou'r care a rap 'for this man. Yon are marrying solely for money and pasifion. You can't expect to be happy. He is vi' ~ and common and old." 44 Thank you: that will do. I might have guessed the sort of things you would say." She turned away with the dignity of wounded feelings. Tho moonlight, flooding tho room, showed the two white pirh>.i ii'iires o:io seated on the bed with iv:s;km , bauds and lowered eyes, tho other erect and scornful and offended. As her hand was on tho door Dolores spoke. •<&iv; Koml-oiirht, don't let nspsrt oud friend*" It won't l»o for fo very long <nat wo slwil tc t-Jijethcr. Aud wu're 113 inotb.er, to wish us godspeed on cor life's journey, or counsel us by the way." ••No." ?4iid Cynthia, suddenly melting. 14 And I've made my choice and you've imidd yours. There's no need to quarrel because they're go different. We never did think alike about anything." She came back to the qniet figure. They kissed each other silently in the moonlight. The tears that were wet on Dolores's cheek were no tribute of her own fears or her own acliintr heart as ehe turned away from the ♦dosed door. 