A Droughty Day. (Written for the "Town and Country Journal.') (By K. Langioh Parker.) That's where the fires of hell burn through, Out at the back o' Bourke. So truthfully sings Will Ogilvie, the Drover Poet, who knows his backblocks so well. In a draught those fires burn almost ceaseless- ly, the only respites being between the' sinking away of a deep-red sun behind the grey coolabahs;, and bedtime, and between dawn and the resurrec- ' tiOn of that deep-red sun. In the evening, as we sit in our cane chairs away from the house and its heat, with the dreary desolation of the . country veiled from our sight, and the witchery of the moonlight beautifying everything, or under the brilliant starlight of th» southern skies, we begin to think, as we cool down to .normal heat, that even á droughty. summer holds compensa- tions, or would dor so if only the old residents .would refrain from knowing just such a season in the forties, fifties, or sixties, as tho case may be-which, of course, was followed by the dry, frosty winter-old residents always croak. ; However, in spite of such croakings, we feel quite Emersonian as we go to bed; but our minds are soon disabused of the law of compensation idea. The heat overdoes the part altogether. The sheets are as hot as if just ironed, the air as still as in Hades. A silence crueller (than death, Xjaid fiattera an ititi« ¡fateful ajlr; She îiolûa ino ¡hope; she flgtuts for breaiüh, The tD&nd; of Dumb Despair! That abolit expresses our feelings during a night with the thermometer varying little from 90. To speak for myself, after tossing about and visiting the bushman's boon, or water-bag, seve- ral times,, I fell into a troubled' sleep, to awaken: early as tired as when I went to bed, and reluct 'antly I have to call the maids. ,. -1 know they must have tossed about just as I tossed about, and feel as limp as I feel; butrif the house;be not attended to' and shut up before. the sun vis "oyer ther tree- tops it wlilbe like an oven all day;- - i->t. .".'>....' ^Hayihi called .the maids, in the thinnest of sum .-mër- dressing-göwhs,^i--get~my:-own"d attended to. By that time I hear the sun heralds laughing,. surely in derision-that burning globe! Gou-gou-gour-gah, Gou-gou-gour-gah! gurgles out their laughter, veritably breaking the silence of the dawn. No Moslem turns to the East with greater faith than I to the North-east, the rainy quarter of the old residents, to see if haply the drowning of the drought-fiend is at hand. But hope is again deferred, the sky ls cloud- less, a deèp^ terra cottá colored sun pierces its ?way through a grey veil of heat haze already sug- gestive of mirage and mystery. This terra cotta ball changes as it mounts, above the tree-tops into a globe of molten brass, with rays so pene- trative as to sear in time your face with bush wrinkles, and turn your skin into basil. ?The jackasses have gone, the.crows have comè; and are cawing lustily over the victims "of the drought, plucking out, in their fiendish cruelty, the eyes of the poor sheep even before they are dead. Disappointed at the cloudless sky, I creep back to my bed, glad to get under' the mosquito ? nets away from the flies, already buzzing like a swarm of bees. I do not think I go to sleep, but still I get quite a start when a voice beside my bed says "What for do Missis longa tea, no mllgin?'*' "Walt till the cowl is milked, Barah, no hurry." We have long since been reduced to one cow. "That peller Millembri too much bogged." The last cow is bogged. I refuse tea, but get up, and take in water already quite warm. By midday it will simply steam out of tho pipes, making a cool bath an impossibility. - At breakfast we make the same old sickly joke that a sheep was killed the night before, so that we have chops-knowing full well they have been a sheep station's chief dish at breakfast since sheep stations were. These chops might be goat or kangaroo-rat, so tough and skinny they are After breakfast comes the inspection' of the lar- der, a time of horror, being a mixture of bad meat and a bad-tempered cook; but it has to be faced, for "drought or no drought peopl- must eat. v. In the time of tough mutton the mincing-machine is a tower of strength, and in time of bad meat you have to fall:back on tinned things. After a drought the sight of a sardine tin is enough, to 'give, a bush housekeeper arr attack of the blues. The meat question settled, the vegetables have to be inspected.' Lettuce^refustes * to heart, the cabbage are as grey as the coolabahs, and the rooted vegetables - are as stringy as kurrajong bark. Silver beet is about the best of a poor lot to choose from. ' ¡> The grapes are over, and-the melons almost done. ' \ . I groan as I go through the inspection.' The. cook- brings a saucepan, and the- gardener' comes . in and gives notice. He says he has no heart in the garden, and there is ¡plenty "of work to; be hadV scrub-cutting for the starving, stock.- . " i I-decide to : go down'and have; a look at the garden, and see if it-be worth while keeping it-, on.' - ???!??: - ' I; sigh past the tomato beds, out of which I had' visioned a supply of sauce to .'be made, but there ; they : lie scalded to death, on ) to the French bean*; beds, dried out of recognition; evenithe herbs : mere sticks; ,a row or so of silver beet and a few miserable-stinted cabbages are all that is left. The water is so low and the bank so steep ¿ that the gardener had evidently,-with a view to>> scrub cutting, been shirking lately, knowing the ' . boss was out early and home late. : As I; looked at the muddy waterhole, called! river on the map, I realised that after all it would have been only a question of a few weeks: later. I wondered how on earth white clothe» were in the immediate future to be evolved ort washing days through the medium of that muddy, slime. I feel the weights of domesticity piling up, and like the daughters of Babylon, I could! have" sat down by that stream and wept. But instead of indulging the luxury of idle tears, I go and see that Pet, the bogged cow, is - hauled out, and finding she is still alive, I have some scrub cut down for her, which Bhe ate> hungrily. -Poor Pet; she is just like a toy cow -a frame covered with hide. The crows gave a disappointed chorus of caws« when Pet escaped them, thea went with renewed! energy to work on the sheep, with which the waterhole was lined. The boundary rider: would be round presently to pull them out and skin them. As I walked home, I saw both kangaroo and emu straggling in to water, too weak to trouble to get out of my way. The earth seemed a huge scene of suffering, even the trees-those strange Australian trees, with no under side to their leaves-drooped in a dejected way. "The heat of the grassless ground burnt through my boots, and I stumbled over the deep fissures in the black soil, which looked as if it would take feet instead of inches of rain to satis- fy their thirst. '.' After luncheon I searched for a less hot spot on. which to spend the afternoon. The iron roof ' was crackling, and the earth seemed smoking forth moired heat waves, that made my eyes ache to look. at. .The thermometer in the coolest room registered just over 112deg. I took a book I had not- read more than twice; but how was I to read" in those melting moments-drip; drip, drip- ped on to the/page»? So good .for you,-people say; but/like so much else that is good for you, how unpleasant. Cer- tainly this world ls a school for saints, but full of refractory scholars. * . Down went . the book! Who can read In a shower bath? . . I would make. a study of Baratt. Her shades of .black-brown and brown-black ar^'rïâscinatlng. Out with my watercolors. But the paints are no sooner on the brush than they are dry. I tried :to sew. My needle Just stuck in my work. Easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a needle to go through work in this weather. I strummed, but even the piano ' felt sticky; and drip, drip, again came the heat drops. * In despair, I-threw myself down on the bare linoleum between the big open fireplace and the door, where there might be just the ghost of a draught. I dosed off until Barah-my dusky beauty-appeared with tea, and the news that one ' bf myxoid favorite buggy horses was dying, almost at' the iront door. "Why, life is death here now," I said. " ?. . . "Gnahwo-yes," said Barah, in her sad native \yoicet with the _ shadowed Eastern, look in her "eyes, as if she understood and sympathised. Dr. Johnson's records re tea drinking sank into insignificance beside mine. Many cups will not quench thirst in the bush-it is only a question of being more or less thirsty. Being less thirsty? I went out to see about old Wooller, the dying horse.. Poor old fellow! many a weary mile he had. dragged over many a dreary plain. " He knew me when I spoke to him. He even made an in effectual effort to rise, but fell back, and looked pleadingly at me, as much as to say: "Let me die in peace. Don't worry me. I can't get up." I gathered some handfuls of green stuff from round the garden taps, and gave it to him. He ate it, but still lay where he had fallen. When the men came home they tried to get him up, but he was too weak; he gave agonising groans, stretched, struggled, and died, and I trust now is "at feed by improbable streams knee deep in improbable grass," such as Kendall's bullock-driver used to dream of. It is hard to think annihilation is the end of arduous lives of unrewarded toil. The boss came home in time to order that a carthorse should be hitched to old Wooller, and his body dragged away to be burnt. It makes it doubly sad, the old favorite horses dying, that so often they struggle home for the final scene, as if having a last hope that they will there be saved. The boss has been on a tour round the run, and /tells a dismal story of drought, despair, and ' death. The weaners are practically non est; the grown sheep weak to staggering point; no chance of ' saving » lambs. The big stock doomed ; the water had every where but-in the artesian bore paddocks, and those are bare of grass. The scrub of edible kinds is raifdly disappearing, and rain seemingly as far off as ever. The boss says the man up Mungindi way is about right who said that he had now a breed of sheep that? had never seen grass, and was on the lookout for one that had never seen water. He'd cross the two, and breed a stock suitable to the western district. As we sat. outside in the evening I heard a frog croaking amongst my flower pots. "Rain, rain, rain," I say. But the disheartened boss says, "That frog doesn't know what rain is; he's croaking, 'Ruin, ruin, ruin!' " - : 