SP08TMS NOTES. BY "CASPIAN." Thc V.A.T.C. .June meeting, which was held lost Saturday at Cnulncld, proved highly inter esting. It shed considerable light on the ap proaching Grand National meeting through the achievements of several of the candidates. I11 fact, en paper form, the two great events, the Grand National Hurdle and Steeplechase, are reduced to almost certainties. However, wc have all seen these "paper certainties" before, and some, perhaps, know to their sorrow how thev failed to fulfil expectations. Souii's performance 011 Saturday in the Too- lawbool Hurdle Itnce was liistiuctly meritori ous. Ho started an equal favorite with Don John, and whilst the latter was never rta'ly prominent, Messrs J. C. and E. Alan-fold's liorse won in handsome style from Borderer and Ingergoodbie. There was in mistake about Soult's" victory. It simply suggested his being able, if equally as well at Flerumgton, to win the V.R.C. Grand National Race easily. On Saturday he carried 12st 41b. cr 221b. more than lie will be asked to carry in the V.R.C. race. However, oue must not forget Uiat cn Saturday the son of Wellington and Little Louie ran a mile short of what he will be asked to cover at Flemlngton. It is the last half-mile in three that tests the stamina of most hurdlo horses, and unless real grit they rail. Mr A. Miller sent out Borderer, r.o doubt, v/it'u a view of testing the strength of the. opposition, r-.ud if the Mill Park stable have one much better than Saturday's representative then a m 6t interest ing race will take place between Soult and the selected of the "all while" livery. Emperor, a stylish- looking Gippsland-brcd youngster, by Eumarrah from Eugenie, the dam of the celebrated Archie, was installed first favorite on Saturday for the Ninook Two- Year-Did Race. However,, he failed to run up to expectations, but he should show b?tter form i:i his next essay over a metropolitan course. Mr A. Miller's Eland, a -elding by Maivolio, from, .the galloway Adelaide, .by Nordenfeldt, won cleverly from Chillagoe. The latter ap peared to interfere with the winner in tlio home stretch, and the stewards asked Pearson for an explanation. This was tendered, and the- stewards requested him to be more careful in future. Gunbar on this occasion finished behind Chiliagce. However, bis owner cubscqucntiy bad the pleasure of a great victory in Hie Steeplechase. Battle ltoyal displayed some pace in this race, and I fsncy Atbara will dn better. Mr R. S. Talbrt, who is one of the beet sports in Tcsmoula. lies managed to keep his colore, claret and Eton blo» slctves, wc.il in evidence of iato. Marie Corelll, a nutty little daughter cf Carbine, who has latterly struck a winning vein, won the V.A/r.C. Cambria Plate on Sat urday. Sbe was ridSe i by Burn, and was turn ed out with Teddy Power's bear, polish. Flcatcr, by h's victory in the Wanda Steeple chase, must have dcu'oi.v eonipsutated Mr A. W. Beaxlcy for the dcLat of Gunbar in the opening event of the afternoon at Cauifield. Although thc field comprised several Grand National Steeplechase candidates, backers ap peared somewhat ehy about making a s:rong tip. However. Souii's victory bioughl Lis stable companion. Doondiab. into prominence, whilst a fair following was behind Floater, on the strength e-f a trial with Ingcegoodbic a few morning a before nt M< n'one. Ouyen lcpre- scnted Mil! Paik, and was well backed: and the New South Wales representative, Ditto, found support oior.g with the W.slora District mare Mistletoe. As thc race was run, and that was a solid, good pac?, nothing else, at the finish, had a ghost of a chance with lin e', who has not been seen under silk since last August. He then pulled up lame in the V.A.T.C. Grand National Steeplechase. Ditto and Dooi-.diah mavaged to finish behind Mr Bexeley's ancient lcisper. but it would have taken something to bring them together on Sr-turday. Last year Floater won this same race: then proooede.1 to Fle-mingto:i in the following July, where he captured thc rich V.R.C. Grand 3'eeplechRse. Will history re peat itself on this: occasion? It certainly ln->ks like it. Floater carried 13.4 or ilb mora than he is asked to carry over Flemlngton, and unless Mr Miller has something to make thc Skipper gelding gallop lie will in all proba bility repeat last year's performance. This is certain — that none of Saturday's opposition have n chance In the V.R.C. Graud National Sif-eplor-hase with Floater, bar the fall. Billow once more showed what a useful liorse he is b7 starting favorite on Saturday in the V.A.T.C. Richmond Handicap, and winning easily from The Undine. This son of Atlantic and Ticklo goes to India in a few days, and few more useful have ever left our shores. He was ridden by W. Burn, who had previously steered Msrle Corelii. V<4gr?r;.a has been rather a disappointing go. ding for Air Jas. Patterson. However, the son of Blue Beil was in a more generous bu rner than is his wont on Saturlay. Atiutc-r rode him an exemplary race in the Cambria Purse, wliicn ho just won from the Ba I la rat gelding Co'&c;, and the well-backed Locli Pyne. Mine ral, who started an equal first favorite witli Loch Fine, was not in the first half dozen. Tills race provides 11 -/other instance of the un- re.iabllity cf home trials. Lady Gardenia, a stable companion to Vospcrus was thought the better of the two on home form, and was ac cordingly backed, but she never- -got within a distance of the winner. Ills Excellency Lord Brassey and Lady Bras- sey were present at thc V.A.T.C. meeting on baturday. The weather was certalnlv not of an enjoyable character for fashion; still there 8 Sod crowd within the stand enclosure. _I- lemlngton trained horses had quit? an in nings nt Cauifield on Saturday, winning three out of the six races. Two fell to horses trained privately, and one to a Alordiulloc trained horse. With one exception—Billow— backers of the fiiet favorites at Can. field went to the wall every time, so that pciiciliers must have had a good time. ,tba winter meeting of the Rosehil! (N.S.n.) Racing Club, hc-id on Saturday, the ancient wnakawntc-a won the principal event, other equine nnclent in Honor Bright scoured the \\\elter Mile. Wliukawatea has been a bui limit sprinter in his time, and appears to possess all his old dash of foot. Honor Bright who is owned by Mr A. l-'oy. was bred bv the late Sir Jno. Bales, at Diiokcnfkld, N.S.W. and was fonleu in lt>:S, making hiiu next Aug ust 12 years old; whilst Vhakawatca is a year younger, having been foaled In New Zealand In 1SS9. Djin Djin was favorite, but the gallo way appears to have run oue of her indifferent races. R'Elis offieiaied as starter at the \ A. t.C. races on .Saturday, in the absence of Mr Godtroy Watson. The latter was officiat ing at the S.A.J.C. Winter Meeting. J. Williams, t ru lner of Ainpier, who was fa- vcrile for the Cambria Flare at Cauifield, 011 Sat urcay , was fined L2 for tile late arrival uf tliei iiorse at the post. The wcll-uiiou 11 stud a.nd racehorse Tyreon- licll, owned by Mr i-\ O'Donncll, of Goorcc, was recently killed by colliding with a cow on the Miners' Racecourse, Baiiarat, while be!ng exorcised. A good-looking tjirvc-year-nfil brother to The Brewer has urrived at Jtandwiek, New South Wales. It is rumored that the Queensland crack, Dundouald, is displaying signs of soreness, and may not come herb for our spring meeting. This is a pity, as most lovers cf a good liorse would like to have f,-n the Brisbane Cup win ner tried wft'n the southern cracks. Eiridsford, the grey gelding, Is now trained at Cauifield by W. Doug1, as. A race meeting was he-id in Varrnamboo) on last .New Year's Day which provoked the cri ticism of Terang people, v.-ho considered their annual meeting was being interfered with. A ballot of members of the Wnrruaiubool Racing Club was taken last week to decide whether or not the Now Year's Day meeting should be held in future, and the majority declared against its continuance. At a meeting of the Maryborough and Carls- brook Amateur T. Club on June 22, thc resig nation of the secretary (Mr J. V. Clearv) was accepted with regret, and Mr D. Williams was appointed in his place. The dale for the win ter meeting was fixed for W- dnesday, 2Sth July. A progiaininc was adopted, and Mr G. More- croft appointed handicappcr. The success of Scaton Dehivel as a sire in New Zealand has brought the sua of Melton into much prominence. The result i3 that he will b? given greater opportunities iu the Sylv'.a Park stud, and will be nvaiia.blo for about a dozen mares outside at a fee of 3d guineas. Thc V.R.C. committee have called upon a member of tlie club to resign his membership, tho reason given being that he allowed ano ther person to use a ticket of admission to the Fleiningtou racecourse issued to lilin. A. meeting of the executive committee of the Northern District Racing Association will take place at thc Ilotei Mctropoie, Melbourne, on Monday, 10th July, at half-past 10 :i. 111., when consideration will be, given to tlio l'oi lowing subjects;— Rules aud regulations, the group system, collection of fcc3, the supervision aud control of trotting. Loyalty, by St. George (brother to Chester), from Fair Nell, has been sold for export to India. Starfish, a horse that recently ran iu Mr Evc-rard Brown's colors at tho late OaJtlands Hunt Club Races, was found injured in his box on the night cf tho 22nd June. IBs cn«c was pronounced liopelc-ss by Mr \V. Allan, who shot the ton of Sword5sh. Owners and trainers of trotting horses arc re minded by Mr J. Wood, socrptary of tlio Vic toria Driving Club, that entries cloie on Fri day, 7th of July, at 10 p.m. In tho trot far Maiden thrce-ycar-oids.Mr Jno. Robertson sup plements the club stakes with a handsome- tro phy for thc winner, W. Dolaney, who lately tried his riding in England, arrived in Syduey on the 23rd June, from England. The Sydney galloway Rosy Morn, which used to run in Mr J. Flanagan's colors, is dead. During thc coming season the successful sire Sunrise, who has hitherto been located at Sil ver Bines, near Vagga, will be removed to a more conveniently situated locality In the neighborhood of Albury. Mr Thos. W. Moule, the secretary of the V.A.T.C., announces that the recent meeting proved a financial success. The racehorses Manoa, Forester, Nyro, and Cyrus arrivefi at Tumut, N.6.W., on Saturday night. They arc located at Fiemingtor-. Dirk Hammerhand, by bis dual victory In thc S.A.J.C. events on Monday, has incurred a Clb. penalty for the Melbourne Cup, aud 31b. for the Cauifield Gup. J. W. Carey has lodged on appeal with the V.R.C. authorities against the decision of the Moonee Valley stewards in disqualifying him and the hurdle racer Springhavcn ou Thurs day last. Thc appeal Iu the Legs-Nllus case bos been withdrawn. ScratchingB have already commenced in thc Cups, the first to go out being Symmetry, from thc Cauifield event. Although Soult appears to possess 6uch a mortgage over the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race, there arc others who evidently think they have a chance. On Monday, no fewer than thirty-five accepted, whilst iu the Grand Steeplechase, despite Floater's recent victory at Caulfieid, twenty-five have accepted. Tlier are chances in jumping races, and many owners of likely horsee engaged In thc V.R.C. events are evidently convinced of thc fact. ( Mr Sutton has received a good entry for the half-dozen races which arc run at Williama- tewn on Saturday. From the publisher, Mr J. J. Miller, I am in receipt of that very useful sporting work, entitled. "Miller's Sporting Pamphlet," for R99. It has been issued almost simultaneously with thc advent of the Cup handicaps, and camcs at a very opportune time. As usual, it contains, amongst other items, thc names of the horses engaged 111 botli Cups, their trainers, mid all performances of each horse to date. Beau Brumuiell, who is engaged in thn V.R.C Grand National Hurdle Race at lOst 9!b, won the Maribyrnoug Hurdle Race on Wednes day, beating another candidate in Mart Avis. Tli" .winner is going and lookiug particularly well at present, and should run forward at r.'eintcgtcn. Mort Avis comes from Baiiarat, with, a fair reputation. Belting over the V. R.C. Grand National Meeting is almost at a standstill. Ti.e recent success ot Soult at Caulfieid has paralysed speculation. However, a change may route over affair:; in a few days, for it is evident other horses possess a chance. A move on the. pari of the Baiiarat division, or by the Mill - Park stable, would open up speculation. 