Before "Gambling Was Made Illegal. Everybody knows that the! Gambling Act of 1845 put an endto actions at law with respect to wagers. It was, however, many years previous to the Act becoming law that the gréât case of Gilbert against Sykes arose. The Gilbert in this affair (writes a correspondent of the "Staudard") was the Rev. B. Gilbert, and the Sykes-was Sir Mark Sykes,.'who.loved his little wager as Avell as most people. The Rev. Mr. Gilbert, also, was not above accepting a sporting offer.1. Matters fell out in this wise. The Rev. Mr. Gilbert was dining with Sir Mark, when the talk was of Bonaparte,^, and " the risks of his adventurous . life, and Sir Mark offered to lay a guinea for every day Bona- parte should' live, against a hundred guineas down. This was ,in 1809, when, the Emperor was campaigning against Austria.. The Kev. Mr. .Gil- bert, calculating that- Napoleon had only to . live for fourteen weeks and two. days for him to get His money back, accepted the wager, and clinched . it on his return home by sending Sir Mark a hun- dred guineas. Unfortunately for Sir Mark, the «conqueror of Wagram had no notion of giving up the ghost, or anything else, at the early age of 40. , So Sir Mark punctually paid to the Rev. Mr. Gil- bert a guinea a day for-nearly three years. Then he struck, and refused to pay. any more. The Rev. Mr. Gilbert went to law. :'Sir Mark's lawyer ar- . gued that the agreement, was illegal, inasmuch as it gave the Rev. Mr. Gilbert an interest in prolonging the life of an enemy of the State. i.There was, indeed, a great display of ingenuity and wit on both sides. The end of it was that the clergyman lost his case, and so Sir Mark got out . of his Avager for a thousand guineas or so. What is said to be the smallest watch in the world has been on exhibition in a shop window in \ Berlin. It is the latest triumph in the art ol watch-making-that art that has made such a won-, derful progress within the past decade. The Lil- liputian timepiece was made in Geneva. Its di- ameter is less than half an inch; its thickness ls little more than a tenth of an Inch. Tho entire works of the tiny watch comprise ninety-five in- dividual pieces. After having been wound up with the diminutive key, the watch will ,run for twenty-eight hours. The most delicate tools and. measuring instruments were made specially for its construction. , The preliminary work-in the making of the watch was very expensive, and th» selling price is £250. v , 