The. Ghosts, of Ballechiu. The letters in the 7vni.es about a year ago con cerning ghostly phenomena in thebenutiful mansion ofBnllcchin, Perthshire, have now been followed by a book on the subject, entitled, " The Alleged Haunting of B House," edited by A. Goodrich Freer (Miss X) and the Marquis of Bute. Tt seems that soon after Miss Freer's arrival at Bnllechinslie had the fol'owing experience: — Against the snow I saw a slight black figure, a woman, moving slowly up the glen. She stopped nnd turned and looked at me. Siie was dressed as a duii. Her face looked pale. I saw her hands in the folds of her habit. Theu she moved on, as it seemed, on a slope too steep for wnlkiDg. When she came under the tree she disappeared — perhaps because there was no snow to show her outline. Beyond the tree she reappeared, where there was a white background, close by the burn. Theu I saw her uo more. This was not the only woman who was Been. There waB another in grey, nnd an old man, and even a dog. Lord Bute seems to have taken part in the investigations, but be was not particularly successful. To an eminent ecclesiastic whom ha had kept informod of his proceedings ho wrote <— 2 Soon after 6 p.m. I wont to the place near the burn where nppnritions have so often appeared. I read aloud the vespers for the dead, but uo phe nomenon nppenred, nr.r had I any sensation. About 7.30 I went to a room which 1 call A. and road the first Nocturn of the dirge ; there was nothiDg to be seen or heard, but 1 felt some physical incon venience in beginning, like an cmpediment in speech and I had a very strong sensation that there were persons listening. One of his lordship's mauls was more fortunate. She " saw the bust of a woman with short hnir, as though sitting at the foot of her bed." On other occasions Lord Bute resumed bis incantations, but with no better luck than before : — Soon after I read the third Nocturn in A. Mads, slips of pronunciation, and felt the presence of others vsry strongly, nnd that it wns hostile or evil as though they were kept at arn/s length ; a dis- agtceable sensation continued till 1 threw some holy water on my .bed before getting into it, when it sud denly disappeared. Next morning I said Laud in A. I hnd no difficulty in utterance ; the sense of other presences was not strong, and I bad no feeling of hostility (on their part), but rather of their hav ing to put up with a slight nuisance which would soou be over. Finally a bishop nnd priests visited Ballecluu, said Mass, and sprinkled the rooms with holy water At first this made no difference, as loud Bangs were heard on a table. The bishop and priests persisted, there was another bang, but morejaiutly than before and " this bang was tho last phenomenon of an ab normal kind during the tenancy.'' 