THINGS POLITICAL Where Is the Labor Party's dis cipline? Here Is what the chosen plebiskyte candidate for the Cook, Mr Horan, says of theeditor of the labor paper In that electorate :~-"To him I say, take my advscet, you hocus pocus nincompoop;, and sling the gum-pot and scissors. Don't bei trying to pass your self off as editor of the "Beacon-* be cause you haven't brains enough to sell mousetraps to Chinkies. Bah ! the man who would be afraid of your op position would die at the. sight of a deserted ghost in a graveyard, and would never be elected to even an hon orary position in a Joss-house." John M. Cross and the editor of a Labor paper-down South are at logger heads, and in good round English John M., in a letter written about a y«ar ago, and now published, calls his op ponent an ignorant, bumptious, self -seeking, dirty-minded, bullying, w mongering scoundrel." And this three months before the election. By the time the candidates are making their final speeches we will require asbestos coated paper on which to print Labor's opinion of Labor. In a letter written to a friend (said friend has now "turned dog," and pub lishes the letter), about a year ago Mr Cross* M.L.A., says:-4I tried again to get G. B. Locke and others on J.P. list; no good, my day will come." We thought Labor members never log rolled, especially in J.'s.P. It will be interesting to note whether "G. R. Locke" is among the most recent cre ations. The "Cooktown Independent" says: -"Of what use would Riddel or Horan be to the district ? nobody in any of the departments would know or recog nise them, and they could exercise no influence in the House or with a Min ister. Hie present Ministry, although not by any means perfect is at least reasonably respectable and has tried to do its best for reform and progress ; with a little "trimming out" which will probably be effected after the el ection, thie Cabinet may be made a really workable and effective one." "Reasonably Respectable" ! ! What will Dicksen say at being damned with this faint alliterative praise. Wallace Nelson, who has been joc keyed out of a chance to fight Curtis st iSoeirhampton, bitterly exclaims : "Why, the Labor party refuses to ac cept a Labor candidate unless he has been for at least one year the member of a Labor organisation. But it ap years Itfwy are perfectly willing to ac cept life. Curtis as an Oppositionist Without imposing any such condi tion. When Labor opposes men like Cross, and practically accepts "was trels" like Curtis, people may well ask: "Does the Labor party really be lieve any longer in Labor principles?" Some of the Labor party are denounc ing Kidston for the arrangement not to oppose Curtis, and assert he is afraid that if two Labor men went to the poll, that Nelson would beat him. There is a strong local feeling (says the "CitrnsPast") in favor of Mr -J. P. Hoolan, Whose straight out and clever advocacy of the Chillagoe and George town line, has won for him many warm friends in this electorate, who will be pleaded to see him returned as mem ber for Cairns. We are in a position t6 state that Mr Lisener has relin quished all idea of standing for this electorate. Mr Hoolan has been com municated with and asked if in the event of a requisition being forwarded him will he stand for Cairns. Owing to Mr Hoolan being at Clermont and the wire to him being addressed to Brisbane, no reply has yet been re ceived from Mm, * x ' 