R/|iss fauliqe of New York By ST. GEO. RATHBONE. A CHAPTER XXIII. f THE silADGW OF THE CUCHILLO. Just . !nbyv. the ex-horse-tnme|j seems , to fiht under a disadvantage. - He has been wounded in the baotle outside arid does not possess his usual strength.. while the bulbfighter is rendered fierce £tnd dangerous by the fury that con trols' him. These two, locked in each ' ofhVr's/arms, stagger about the rO'im, but the fact is very patent that Dick will rrjeht His ; Waiter'oo .unless he is, able ;'to hrii'ig - to bear .one of the wrestling tricks learned during his cow boy da\s. This does not con-titute.all tho dra-. matic scene. . Stretqhed upon iblte fliipr is Senor.; XiOpt-z, with the' blood oozing from a wound in the breast. The pistol that did. the .awfiul work is not three feet away from bis hand. It belongs to- Barcelona, and the Mexican has, by some terrible accidbnb khiit his em ployer just as the m?m the bullet Vitas intended . for leaped upbu him. Bending over the fallen Mexican are two female forms, one being an old . woman, the other a young girl, whose face and figure betray the beautiful Juanita. Where they have come from is a„ mystery ; but perhaps, '.knowing something of the ipissioti of the sehor, they have entered the vlibuse looking him ftitniA nfltpp mnlivA ibav Avl "lull N/'. OMW a. W - w have stirred Juanita fp 'aciibn, t-oriie? deep feei ng o t the heart, for she is a girl of singular impalseV,- Colonel Bob's gaze does not stop here; he looks for something beyond. Dora — where is the only and delight ful Dora? A. cry reaches his ear in a voice he knows, and turning his head. Bob see3 a siht that causes a br ad grin '-to spread over hi s face--a -.signt that is certainly hUindrbus (Einbugh V caue a hearty laugh, although serious for on'e poor individual. Dora is there, very much there. Sh". 'holds in her hand a revolver, which, this same. Colonel Boh g-ive'ber recent-; ly, wi h wh ch to defend herself. D ra has. taken, a few lessons with, this wea pon, but she is woefully at sea. roai cl- ing its tjse, una ai'floug'i sue swings, u around in a truly dramatic style, 'she has neglected to draw back the ham mer. 4 Crouching before her is the little entomologist, who dodfes his hekd in great altrm every time that -weapon comes, in line with, his eyes, all the while keeping up a jargon of- beseech ing exclamations, calling upon ail the gods to witness tiie fervency of his d— voti n, and at.on beggitig the adorable, the charming Dora not to murder h m in cold blood, he whose only fault is in ) loving. her not wisely, hut too well. Quite a strangei scerip, taken all in alltragedy and- comedy '-oombijhd. ColoheT'Biib hardly k no wX w het her to laugh or look serious. He ses that his comrade is in rather a bad predica- ment, and maKes one.scep cow.aru neip- ing him, when, he hears Dick, say : Stand back, Bob ; I want to.inah- age, this, chap alone if. I can. Stand bqick, old fellow.'' Though loth to do so, because he sees Dick hardly in condition to eugag in such a desperate business, Bob stands and watches. The two men struggle with ,the; powt-r of giants, atid Barcelona,. seeing a companion near by, ready to give his antagonist assistance if necessary, real- izes how despera'e his case is Suddenly he tvyists himself free from the grasp of, his eueniy. At<, thej motheiit Bob chances to be Watching1 Dora, from whom it is indeed hatd to keep his eyes, since all the world moves and has. its. beini', according tp his way of thinking, about her fair figure. A scream thrills Bob. He turns his head just in time to see a figure flash before him, and realises thialt; 'it. is jfcfre , maid of Mexico — lovely Juanita. He ' V ses her spring between Barcelona and; Dick Denver just in time to rf-ceive in- i hqr; bosom the murderous| cuchillo that' is launched forward, intended for the Xmericah. 1 A cry of horror Viqgs (jut— even the bull-hgh'er attpears half stupefied at I what'iie htas done — at the persistency J with |yhich'"fate steps in between him self aind 'Dick Denver. f " The stricken :gii 1 staggers and fails across the lorm of the Mexican. Then a human figure fiies at the bull fighter like a crazy thing. Jt ;is Dick, who has. been iXfre than ever aroused bv the sighD'of Juanita sent bleeding and dyin» to the; floor at the .hands of this fellow — Dick, .who nuw assaults him with irrt s stible power, who dazes the Mexican by the brilliancy of his ac- I jcions, ana presently crusnea aim io nw floor with s verai s edge hammer blows that render fhe hnmiliuted and doompd athlete aim ist senseless. Bob .is on hand by this / time, and. proceeds to clap some steel bracelfcts -oft tiie w' ists'bf the hull fighter, sp/that he wil I not bp able to do further dam age. Heaven bknows he -has already done, too much.in. bis reckless fashion. " One figure Colonel Bob has not not iced before ; it is that of Miss Pauline, who has been standing just beyond a 'table She how -darts, forward, and when Dick turns after so quickly dis posing of Barcelona, he discovers her bending over the fallen girl, epdeav-' puring, wicii .'trembling,/ hands, .koq sfatitich the flow of blood. . «i ttt - _ t_ _ i i. '/jji il. mr ' was — -ne — ixuru s toe nxexiuau girl- gasps. 1 " 'Dick;? . N'o, ho ; you saved him, , dearest Juanita." ".Por/you, ( I ought to hate. vyou, Paul ine ".Westerly, for y oti have stolen' what I thought belonged to. me, but I cannot d i it. Wh-re I would hate, -I j love; I know not why,-' gasps the stricken girl. . ' - Dick reaches her side ; upon his face is the deepest concern, but Juanita smiles. " It is just as well. I could never have lived and. ben/happy,' ktiowing 3'ou loved, her. Now I have saved you fer your Pauline. I gave my life ; 'twas all I had. This is fate.' It was my destiny to suffer." The fierceness of- .her disposition seeins to have utterly van shed, "just as a .quiet often rests upon nature after vtli<( storm has doiie its worst and quite exhausted its powers. A groan is heard but it do' s' not proceed fiom the dying girl. Senor Lopez Ktrugii e8 to raise himself, arid manages to ttain a position whre he can leok upon the- f .ce of his child. , .His lips triove, and they hear Him utter 'sthinge word1- . It is the decree of fate ! She saves hfth Tbr the other. Come closer, you against, whom JVL muel. Lop z has fought so bitterly, come, to my side, and hear the news I would- tell you.'" Dibk turns upon ' him. Pauline is ; already there, and C iloo«l Bob, having r coolly tossed the little. p-ofessor into a corner- under the' table, where he' sprawls and groans and utters all the jiiw-breaking words his scientific lexi con contains, while begging for mercy, j finds .a place near by where ho can, hear what is said. The old Mexican's strength is fast. I leaving him, arid it is only a question of time when tie must yield up th" ghost. He realiz e this "Himself, and musters all his powers to aid him. Ptifiliiio ofcurlv Kofnro T irlio T would hear vou eay you forgive rne. The fieice desire to see my f «mily re' gaiti its old-time pres ige must be my only excuse lor d.irig whait I yh'ave dune. With the El Dorado in my hands I could have stirred up a'l Mex ico, and perhaps placed myself in the ;chair. the/usurper Diaz ho'ds I aih 'proiid, bul; when death hovers near, all pride, is levelled. I beg; that you will f'orgiyeiF-it is easier to do so, because all ifijr plans have proven; failures." ( Tp be Continued. ) 