IN SPITE OF ALL. CHAPTER IV. 1 What's what ¥ asked the cook. ' It's a ghost! I'm Mire it's a ghost t A figure dressed all in black—a woman. I.eaw her face as she passed, while (is death, and her eyes blazing like fire, as she looked in. It was something cruel!' stammered the girl. ' * You,re silly,' cook said, summarily. « You'd best go back to the town, for you're not fit for the country with your ghostes,' and the cook got . up from her chair and went t6 the win dow. Afternoon was waning into twilight, and she saw nothing* * There's nobody- about,' she said,, drawing the curtain and lighting the lamp. ' It's your fancy. Last night you nearly scared us to death with your screams, and it was only the old j gander on the wall, and now you're trying it on again. You'd better go back to the town—you're not fit for the country,' she repeated. ' I shall that J I'm sure something's going to happen. I'm that timid,' and she began to cry. 'Have some tea,' the cook said, more kindly. J Have a bit more ham or a bit of cake,' said Maria, and the girl sipped from her saucer until her sobs quiet ened a little. ' It's wonderful what a change from town to country does to a person's nerves,' said Handel Jinks, and he began soma interesting stories, and soon had them all laughing, until, with a start the cook jumped up. \- ' It's near six o'clock 1 I'll have to hnrry, or dinner*!!! be late, and there'll be the old gentleman to pay,' she said. ' Mister, you've made the time fairly fly.' ' And I've enjoyed myself too, ma'am, thank you,' and Handel Jinks left the kitchen, and went to the breakfast-room to finish his tuning. It seemed dreadfully quiet to him after the chatter in the kitchen, and the one small lamp Maria had lighted on the centre table only served to make the place look more gloomy, but, with a shrug of his shoulders, he com menced his tuning. ' I'll have more light. Ill light those candles, for I can't see,' be said, after a time. 1 And, besides. It'll be more cheerful,' and feeling in his pockets for his match-box he lighted the candles on the side-board. 'There, that's better,' he said ' I've a good mind to light those, too,' going to a small silver candelabra that stood on a little table near a partially opened door. He lighted all the candles, and then, filled with curiosity, or impelled by Fate, looked round the door into the other room. « Good Lord 1 Is he—is he ill f he said, in a startled tone, for a man was lying limply half on the floor and half on the sofa. ' Are you ill, sir, are yon ill!' and he advanced towards him, his heart beating wildly with a half-unconscious dread as he did so. There was no answer, but an awful silence, and he touched the ice-cold hand, and then, with a shout of terror, rushed back cut of the room and into the passage. The woman servants met htm «t the kitchen door, their faces ghastly with fear. 'What is it? What is itf they gasped. ' There's a dead man in there,' he answered, with his teeth chattering, for the icy cold fingers had set his nerves in a quiver. ' Let me go and see who it is,' said the cook,'bravely. * Yon mustn't go, you mustn't go,' the other two shrieked^ « 'Mot goi I'm not.afeslred ofadead man. Come with me, or am I to ' go adoaeT' | Severally, and accompanied by Han del Jinks, si# march? d down the pas sage, the other two following in trem bling fear. ' I've seen death tcooft to le scared,) she said to Jinks. • I've never found a man dead bp fore,' he answered, bis teeth still chat tering as they entered the room. ■It's Mr. Laurie—he'll have had a fit,' said the ccok, as the light from the . candelabra fell on the huddled up form. She touched him, and then turned a startled face up to them. I ' He's key cold, he's quite dead, she said. The-hotseiuaid gave a shrill a peal. I •Oh,Jhere's blood—there's blood! Look—-look at him! Oh, I knew something awful 'Id happen .They was always^a-carrying on so. Oh, dear; it's tnnrder—it's murder!' • Shut your mouth,' said the eook, angrily;' and you, Alice, go and tell Mrs. Laurie—or stay here, and I'll go.' ' No, no, I'll go,' stud Alice, edging away to return in a few minutes. • She isn't in the house, and I can't find her nowhere. It's she as I saw pass the window. I swear—it was her—I felt it—' ' Keep your feelings to yourself, you idiot, unless you want locking up for what you are saying,' said the cook. • Help me to lift him,' she turned to Jinks. ' Nay, we'd better leave Lim as he is until the police see him, and the doc tor,' he answered* * They'd better be sent for.' ' Oh, dear, oh dear,' and the cook. wrong her hands; 'coachman's gone to the Horse Show, and Jim's ill a-bed with rheumatism 1' • Do you think I could,' began Jinks. ' You step hero with cook, Mr. Jinks,' eaid Maria, sensibly, 1 and I'll go to the village. You'll come with me 1' to tne other girl who was sobbing with fear. • I—I dursn'b, ob, I dursn'l P Alice answered. < Whether yon dare or not, you'll come. I'm not a-going by myself, so be sharp,' Maria said, decidedly, and in a few minutes1 they had departed, running the better part of the way. It was dark and they could scarcely see the road, and Alice, half wild with fright, suddenly screamed shrilly, and Maria shrieked in sympathy. • Whatever is the matter, ?' asked a man's vgice, and Harold Vanburgh came towards them. ' I thought it was a ghost,, wailed Alice. • A very substantial one,' Harold answered, laughingly ' Who are you t I don't know your voice,'said Maria. 'We want help.' I'm lodging at the Cliff,' he an swered. ' My name's Vanburgh.' «You're at Derwent's J Oh, wlil you tell them to go for the doctor, while I go on to Bramford for the police.' ' The police V he ejacnlated. «Yes, Mr. Laurie's dead—murdered, I think, and we're going for help ,sir.' ' Mr. Laurie dead ? Murdered V . < Yes, and Mrs. Laurie's a-missinp,' said Alice, with a spiteful sniff. 1 Hold your tongue, it's too quick,' said Maria, angrily. ' Mr. Laurie dead, and Mrs, Laurie missing !' repeated Harold, slowly. Then M argaret Laurie's face with its tragic look came before bis eyes, and for a moment his heart felt as if it would stop, atf cruel was the icy clasp horror had set upon it. 