GRAFTON TUESDAYS AMD SATURDAYS. TUESDAY, MAY 9TH, 1899. FEDERATION AND NORTHERN DISTRICTS. Now or never is the word, so far as the Commonwealth Bill is concerned. As Mr. BABW said at the Town Hall meeting in Sydney, "We must bave finality ; we cannot go on for ever holding ' conferences and conventions ;'it is impossible for us to go on." This utterance is an effective reply to the argument of the anti-Billltes that as the Federal scheme haB been improved at every conference or convention that has been held since the original Convention, it is, there- fore, reasonable to conclude that if another convention were held the Commonwealth Bill would be made more perfect than it is at present ; consequently the measure should be rejected so as to prepare the way for getting a more satisfactory Bill. This exceedingly plausible argument is not presented in the interests of Federation ; but for the purpose of destroying that great cause. The methods of the people who use it resemble those of the high-class assassins in the middle ages, who killed their victims by deadly poison, artfully concealed' in attractive substances. It they were to appear aa straight-out enemies of Federation, they know they would get. hardly any following, and therefore they pose as enthusiastic friends of the principle, but opponents of the instrument, by which it is proposed to bring the principle into opera- tion. - And they, -apparently, believe that the masses of the electors are as simple as barracouta or trout, which fish, as everybody knows, are captured by baits that resemble their natural'food; but which are only artificial contrivances intended to deceive. Once, when he was in a particularly cynical mood, CARLYLE declared, in his ex-cathedra manner, that the ? British nation consisted chiefly of fools; and possibly, if he were still alive, he would make the same remark concerning the Australian people.- It is certain, at any rate, that by some, of the anti-Bill orators the people of New South Wales are appealed to in- the belief that the majority of them were, behind the ..door when common ? sense. was distributed amongst the present generation. ? Perhaps the orators will be confounded on Referen- dum Day by the electors giving practical proof that they haye the ability to detect sophisms relating to Federation,- however ingeniously they may be concealed in plausible statements. It is practically now or never ; if the . Commonwealth Bill ÍB rejected on the'20th of June, many years will elapse before Federation is again made a live question. What interest have the people.? residing in the North Coast districts in this important subject? As a matter.of course, they will regard it from a selfish point of view ; nearly everybody does, who gives any attention to the subject at all. Altruism, or the good of the other fellow, has not ' much 'place in modern politics. In chosinga candidate to sib in the Legislative Assembly, the electors do so on the understanding that he will, first of all, look after the interests of their district ; they expect that he will make it his business to see that their district will receive fair play in con- nection with the public expenditure on roads and bridges and other necessary works. The late Sir HENRY PARKBS always professed ¡contempt for politics of this kind-; but'for all that, it is the kind the majority of British people believe in. ? Up to a certain point they may be, and often are, sentimentalista; but they never permit sentiment in politics to carry them so far as to take burdens upon themselves for the purpose of lightening the burdens of their neighbours. If it could be proved that the effect, of Federation would be to give a mighty impetus to trade in Sydney and Newcastle, but to produce com- mercial depression on the Clarence, it may be assumed that the electors of the Clarence would vote against the Common wealth Bill almost to a man '; and who will say that they would be wrong.in, so doing? In.private affairs most of. us are influenced by self interest ; and in public affairs the same force is in constant operation. Thousands of the Sydney people are opposing the Federal Bill solely because . the Premiers'' conference agreed that the Federal capital should nob be in the metropolis of New South Wales. To them this provision means loss of trade to Sydney, and hence their hostility. . If their premises were sound, perhaps their conclusion would be easily defensible. It is absolutely certain ' that .If Federation is accomplished under the Bill now'before the people, the taxes on the people, will be increased. It is quite useless to attempt to shut one's eyes to that fact, for the fact exists whether it is admitted ' or denied. There will be, because there must be, a CuBtoms tariff equal to .16 per cent, ad valorem on all imports ; and whilst imported sugar Is taxed, it is probable that locally produced Bugar will also be taxed. -' Nothing is to be gained by ignoring or, denying these certainties and probabilities ; it is far better, because more honest, to meet them with frank acknowledgement. Now, does the. Federal scheme offer any compensation for these disadvantages ? If it did not, there Would be only one course for the electors in the Northern' districts to take as men who had any regard for-their own Interests, and . that would, be to vote against the Commonwealth BUI. But the scheme does provide compensation. It gives more than.it takes away. It provides for Intercolonial Freetrade. That alone will be worth considerably more to the producer on the Clarence than-five times the amount of additional taxation he will have to pay, even if the taxation should be at the rata of 22s Od per head, as falsely asserted by the anti-Federalists; and even if manufactured goods should not become cheaper as the result of the establishment of a large number of additional manufactories. ' When there is danger of a glut of maize in Sydney, the surplus can be sent to Melbourne or Adelaide free of duty ; and this will mean that in all the principal markets maize will be at least 3d a bushel higher than it would be if Inter col onlal duties existed. Three pence a bushel ¡B equivalent to 15s an acre or thereabouts, and the farmer who has 20 acres of maize will be benefltted by Federation to the extent of £15 in connection with his crop-a most satisfactory return for the increased taxation he will have to pay. The argument applies to other agricultural products besides maize. The effect described is not mere guesswork, or an effort of , the imagination ; it is an inference from-the experience of [ tue Cana- dian farmers, whose1 circumstances have greatly improved since the establishment of Federation in, their .country. And what benefits the producers must necessarily also benefit the distributors and wage-earners, for the more money that is earned by the producers the more there is to distribute amongst the other classes. That is one of the axioms of political economy, and it is such an obvious truth that no sensible tuan ever thinks of challenging it. So, the con- clusion is that the electors in the Northern districts should accept the Commonwealth Bill. About such questions as the capital, the control of the rivers that flow into Victoria and South Australia, majority rule, and the powers of the-Senate, they need not concern themselves, for it is exceed- ingly improbable that any. of the questions will be productive of inter-State friction. As represented by the anti-Billites, they are simply hollowed pumpkins with candles inside, displayed for the purpose of frighten- ing the people, on the supposition that the latter' are fools. Although the belief in spooks is pretty widespread, yet'nobody should be so silly as to allow his nerves to be shaken by the spooks that have been exhibited, by the enemies of Federation. Several of them are, indeed, very ancient ghosts, for they were made to appear in the orthodox manner during the Federation fights both in the United States and Canada. The Federation Bill will be carried ; and the inhabitants of the Northern districts should decide that so far as they are concerned it will be carried by a big majority. 