BABBLE.. ■ > Federal billets• loom Large, and it is' interesting' to witness the .'tactics of sortie people -who, v£ant te get there. A Very' innocent bread- and-bqtter miss kind» of' par finds1 its - tf^ay into the Register to this ejfe ct1 Sir Richard Baker, President pf^the /Legislative Council, who was Vice-President and Chairman of Committees of the final Convention which shaped the Common wealth Bill, has received from the Premier- of Queensland an apprecia tive repiyi" <fcc., &c.;, ike. A, little further down the same column ,'a correspondent writes' discounting the w;prk of the five Premiers in the Con vention, and extolling the labors of Mr. Barton, Sir John Downer, and ' the Vice-President and Chairman of Committees, S^r Richard Baker.' Curious coincidence, isn't it ? * : * i * Notwithstanding all which, it will oome as a shock to the blind followers of . Mrs. Register to hear than Sir Richard Baker was not Vice-President of the Convention. Further, that the *-Vice-Presidency' of the Convention is a mythical invention of the. writer of the ' puff'pars quoted, since there was never any each position, and as there was no such position, Sir Richard Baker couldn't have filled it. But it is like a lot of things that are not true -—it sounds well. It confers prestige on Sir Riehard Baker, raises his dignity, and advertises him well for the Federal elections—but it wont wash for all that. Demos is not se unsophisticated and so filmy-eyed as a often supposed—he can see through is hole in a political ladder, and if ho doesn't know the mysterious 1 corres pondent ' when be meets him in the street, he has an idea that he is very closely related to the gentleman who wrote the paragraph. * * * . Two men couldn't have fallen unin tentionally into the' same error—that is apparent. It might be possible that under the stress of potent influences one unfortunate newspaper man might declare that London is the capital of the United States, but Quiz cannot believe that another man would come along and corroborate his view. * * # What ate the real facts upon which this fictitious dignity is based I Mr. Bdmund Barton, on April 23, 1897, in the Convention that met in Sydney, moved—«That in the case, of the absence of the president an Acting President $hailt>e^ appointed.' That is aiii;, /;.:y And so far as Quiz is able to ascer tain, the Acting-President sat for five consecutive minutes! v In that -com prehensive period 'the real hard work of the Convention/ according to the mysteriou^ correspondent, 'twas carried out by Mr. B*r;o,u, Mr. O'Connor, Sir John Downer, and Sir Richard Baker, Vice-President, Ac.' It must have been during that time, for that wag the only occasion on w hich Sir Richard • w ^ ^ "*V Baker sat in the Presidential chair; To be precise in the matter Quiz has hunted up Jhe date, hour, and minute of that thrilling episode in the history of the great movement. On Wednesday, Majy 5, 1897, between 10.30 and 10.3£> a.m. Mr. Kingston vacated the Presidential chair and Sir Richard filled it with his knightly form ! And that is the grand record of patriotic work for which some sycophants confer on him two years later a title which he never wore and to which he has no more right than the Parliamentary messenger who brought in telegrams and dusted the President's chair in the mornings, and filled sundry other offices. Some more parochial truckling ! In the 1 Hansard' records of the Sydney and Melbourne sittings no mention is made of any such functionary as even the (Acting-President' in the list of offices. In the Adelaide 'Hansard' Sir Richard Baker's name appears as 4 Acting-President,' as if he had done the work and the real President, C. C. Kingston, was but a figurehead. * * * Quiz had once a hearty disbelief in ghosts, but he is now -convinced that apparitions do sometimes visit this scene of woe. A form arrayed in fearful and wonderful apparel, truly a sight for men and and angels, stalked along King William Street a few evenings ago, with eyes in a fine frenzy rolling, and a generally un tamed appearance that suggested either lunacy or poetry, or both. A closer investigation disclosed that it was neither—-only a festive Mason returning from the ball. Now, Quiz wants to know what cloakrooms are provided at the Town Hall for if these ghastly figures are to parade the streets. A 4 Spring-heeled Jack ' scare often arises from such absurd displays. The glorious rains put country visitors to the Show in great heart, ^and some of them seemed full of spirits. This was particularly notice able on the part of one cocky who with the aid of another was learning to ride a bike in King William Street < late oq Friday evening. They had no i light, and whether it was that the ] steering gear was defective or the said J spirits had control of the machine, i they were having a rollicking time, their comical wobbling causing much amusement, passing vehicles and passengers having hair-breadth escapes. M* * * Dear Quiz—Have you ever noticed that directly a young miss can repeat a couple of line3 with her eyes shut she immediately invades the concert programme. Some are good, but most are bad—bad not only in style, bat in selection, as for instance last week a young lady at a seaside resort picked out a ' pome' with a fearfully sugges tive title. Her friends being there in number the inevitable encore super vened, and to accentuate matters she calmly proceeded to dilate on ' Is Marriage a Failure.1 Surely this young person has at least some friends who can advise her on the above items.— Suburban. * * * With reference to the above Quiz has been there, but has got over his weepy days. All the same, he is reminded of the incongruity of titles when he remembers a recitation de livered at the Stockade less than a year ago, the burden of which ran ' Faces we never forget.' As the good young man got this load off his chest the assembled 4 audience' treated him to a variety of faces—some he will never forget. ♦ * * But for an announcement in the dailies that the eldest son of the Premier had broken his arm while practising gymnastics at) St. Peter's College, Adelaide folk would probably have never heard of a similar accident attending Mr. Bayley, second master at Prince Alfred College. Quiz be lieves in healthy rivalry between scholastic institutions, but when it comes to breaking arms he feels that there he must draw the line. Besides, is it wise to thus advertise these extras. * * * Quiz does not like meddling with the loathsome subject of abortion. It does not make the most agreeable table topic in the world, but the music has to be faced, however discordant} the theme. One day the morning advertising sheet discloses a pious Sunday-schobl Sa perintendent's sorb of report which sets out to be the annual statement of Colonel Madley, who glories in the decrease of crimes. Now what does that inclusive term crime mean ? Certainly there may have have beep a slight falling off in petty larcenies and the .festive drunk may have abated his festivity (strictly as a result of the drought), hat the Sunday 'twjp up ' school still floorisheth like the-green bay tree on .most of our park lauds, the Adelaide; Racecourse for preference.' 'Also, what 13, known technically as abortion appears to have been brought to a hue ®rb in these degenerate days, when Police Commissioners brag of the decrease in crime! * * 1 i .. . f ' ' It is understood, that the Police De partment includes a* criminal investi gation branch, but if the fact were not continually re-iterated through the columns of a press, which is 'badly off for news, the pnblic would lose sight of it altogether. Daring the past year tragedy after tragedy has harrowed the reading public with sickening details of detestable practices which are still rampant in a city teeming with Christian Endeavorers. Not that Quiz wants to pose as superior to the Christian Endeavorer, but only to wake up the Church, the police, and the people to the enormities which proceed Unchecked in their midst. * * * Parson to Col. 'Bob' Ingersoll— ' I understand that if you had been the Creator you would bave arranged things differently. What changes would you have made V Ingersoll—cWall, I would ha' made health catching instead of disease, and would have visited the virtues of the mothers instead of the sins of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation.' 