THE FEDERAL POSITION. Some Severe Comments. . ' ? ,r - A Yietorian Point of ! Tho "Age" on Pf-Iday last has a strong. 'at-: tlcle. In which It expresses In characteflqtlc fashion its opinion on the manner In which the Federal victory has been received" by some of the other side, and goes on to talk" about the future developments after Federa tion is an accomplished fact. " It is not very wonderful that the hys- terical people of Sydnoy who opposed the Commonwealth Bill and found themselvea in a minority should at first refuse to ho comforted. Having livod ou a campaign of slander against their fellow-countrymen, they find themselves and their libols alike discredited by tho hulk of tho people to whom they appealed. It may he admitted that tho situation is not of tho ploasantest, because it is so pv shingly suggostive.of having been 'fou wit.' But your truo< artist ought to kit etter than to get mad and-tkroaton tohiv.,,. things, as tho ' Daily Telegraph' door when it tells us that the 80,000 people who voted against the Bill will now carry the war into the Federal Farliamont, and stonewall all progress, un til they get under tho Constitution tho amendments thoy nought to have put into the Bill. This is a mere exhibition of tem per, It is not perhaps unnatural ; it may not he a crime, hut it is a bluudor. Anglo- Saxonspridethemsclves, rightly or wrongly that they know how to bo good losors. Thoy have no sympathy with pooplo of tho kid ney who go into evory contest determined on achieving a win, a tie or a wrangle. : " The Federal battlo in Sydney has been fought, and fought to a finish, ap far as the Commonwealth Bill is concerned. AU'tho real defects in it, and thoy are many, as well as scores f .maginary ones, have been elaborated before the peuplo as reasons why they should not accept it. Tho people at large heard all, and determined that the ob jections against the Bill do not outweiglr its merits. And they were right. What is still more to the purpose, thoy had a perfect right so to docide, oven though in the minds of. others their judgment was mistaken. And we will say further, and with a punctuated meaning as a protest against this monacq of a Federal stonewall, that no one who grasps the elementary principles of Democracy would dream of denying the legitimacy of the Sovereign voice of the people when, spoken unequivocally at the ballot- box. "The cool assumption that Sydney .vpos1- sessos the ghost of a preferential right ;ln a Federal Parliament is one that will assured,- ly need and receive firm, calm and temperate suppression. VVe ure glad to recognise the truth that these offensive airs are not put on by. the people at large. When in the seven ties the advance of Victoria in wealth, popu lation and intellectual and political progress had left the mother colony a belated comniUr . nlty, Sir John Roherston thought that hq had more than half redeemed the prestige . of his. colony hy calling- Victoria a 'cabbage gar den." Twenty years later Sir Henry Purkes, In the same arrogant vein,1 proposed to j change the name of New Squth Wales into 'Australia.' Following on the same jlmes,- we have Mr. -Reld asserting Sydney's right ," to be the Federal capital, and telling lils audt- er.ees- that- he holds a sort of prescriptive claim to be the first. Premier of the new Commonwealth.' There is neither reason nor" pr ecedent to justify him. All the States' en- ' ter this union on equal terms, and no Ausr trallan statesman is entitled to a hair's- ' breadth of precedence over any other! '.save ' that which the- confidence of the electors, re poses In him. . ' 0, .'A "We are told that our troubles are only, just beginning. ' This we are quite prepared ; t'o believe.' Indeed, to people who: are able: to discern what lies' half an Inch In advance. of their noses, this ought to have been patent from the moment when the Convention closed Its labours so prematurely. We know qplte well that It was a radical error to make .'the Slate Hnances absolutely dependent on a Fe deral vote, and io leave the debts and. rail ways an open question. But these omissions, though they will require much time and thought to 'remedial '-action, are not : irre parable errors. Tl-.ey can be, and they 'will be,, provided for, though they will test all our best Federal statesmanship. / "Fciremost among them Is equal ytate.re- presehtation. Nobody who knows -what is the meaning of an equal franchise will seek, to defend A principle which invests a.Tas- manian elector .with ten times the \;otlng power that a Victorian possesses. It. Ja' a blcit oh the Federal Bill, and it is a wrong which should never have been there. But we decline to believe that it Is so serious a defect that we ought to delay Federation until it is removed. At the same, time there cannot be the smallest objection to making it a question of constitutional reform when the time ar rives for Eueh mntters to be debated. The Liberals of Victoria, who accept the Com monwealth Bill because Its merits outweigh its defects, are no more blind to the latter than are the Irreeoncllables of New South Wales. '.'To threaten us that the 80,000 'Noes of. Neiw South Wales are going to form them selves Into a kind of Cave of Adullam, be cause they cannot coerce the majority, would be Inexcusable wore it not so plainly an out burst of Impotent petulance— the want of that philosophic temperament which can sus tain temporary defeat without loss of dignity. It Is not In tho least true to say that there can be no genuine Federal Union under the Commonwealth Bill. It is correct to say that the union will be mi unscientific one. while 'State rights' remalnva perpetual source of friction In the machinery, and the debts and the' railways are left in the position of Ma homet's coffin;- but all these things are what patriotism will seek to remedy, not to rail at as defects wlilob make It absolutely un workable. Tho attitude of this colony Is a striking contrast. Victoria has maintained a dignified reticence, while her neighbours were pelting hc-r with contumely. She will, however, have her turn to speak, end her orators mnv do worse than make It clear at once that they enter the coming union with out conceding a scintilla of her just qlalms." . This article was partially quoted by the "Dally Teiegraph" on Saturday, but not thoso first paragraphs in black type, which are rather important In relation to the remainder. 