THE ELECTORAL BILL. SECOND READING. EXTENSION OF THE HARE SYSTEM TO COUNTRY DISTRICTS. The ATTORNEY OLVER YL moved the second reading of the Electoral Bill for 1899 saying that list year an Act was passed to continue the Linton at Bil! until September of the present year, but it was necessary in some way or another to place an Elector ii Act pi rm intently on the Statute book lime had been it general feeling that a realistic 1 bution of seats should take place. The population of the colony had been enormous i ing for some years past, especially on the West Coast, with the result that that portion of the colony that at one time in no representation in Parliament was become ing an important factor in thcLegMatuie (of Tasmania. They had on the West Coast a population of 20,000 people, with over 4,000 electors on the roll, and it was time that they should have proper representation in the Legislature. There was the system that had worked so successfully at the last election. Mr. HARTNOLL : Successfully of The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : Yes ; but that was a matter of detail that could be discussed in committee. In the mean- time it seemed to him desirable that the county should be divided into electorates, with a proviso in the bill that if at any time an alteration was desired in the matter of representation, owing to a large number of electors leaving one district for another, the change could be effected without recourse to an Act of Parliament. Mr. McWILLIAMS : increase the number without a bill ? 2 The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : Yes, without a bill, instead of tinkering with the Constitution Act. There should be a permanent Act on the Statute - book which would not require altering, and the Electoral Act should not be turning out, as was the case with the present one. He knew that a great deal of interest was being taken in the matter, and there was a great diversity of opinion as to whether the plan was a workable one, and to the interests of the colony or not. They must have an Electoral Act. The PREMIER : Yes, if we are to have a Parliament. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: There was no occasion to throw- out the measure, whatever they might do with the bill. There need not be -one page of the bill altered, whether they housings electorates or otherwise. The bill provided for whole constituencies in Hobart, Launceston, and for five other constituencies. If it should be the will of the House that there should be single electorates In Tasmania, he hoped that country members would allow the city members to say whether they would have the Hare System or not. People on the Westcott liked the Hare system, and if the plan was not accepted by the House, they could allow Hobart, Launceston, and the West Coast to be worked under the Hare system. Mr. HARTNOLL : Let us have one uniform working of the Electoral Act. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : We want what is right and just. Members must not think that because they did not agree to that suggestion that they should vote against the Bill going into committee. When in committee they could test the matter. In making the provision to which he had already referred, the Government had regard to the population in the electorates. Four members were provided in the western division because the population was estimated at 2,000. Mr. MULCAHY: They are entitled to five. The ATTORNEY - GENERAL The question for consideration was, were they going to keep the number of members in the House at 38, having regard to the fact that federation was near at hand I If they took the electoral roll as a basis, there were 4,091 electors in the western division and ¡H,n.'i0 in the colony. The quota for each district was 909, therefore the West Coast division was not entitled to five members, and Hobart was not entitled to six. It would be an act of temerity on his part, however, to take away from Hobart the representation that had been enjoyed for years past. A part of the Waratah constituency would go into the Western division. The North - Western division had 7,090 electors on the roll, and that would give almost eight members, but they only got seven. Mr. STAFFORD BIRD: Your figures do not correspond with the ones published in the newspapers. The ATTORNEY - GENERAL The figures for Waratahs were taken from the electoral roll, regardless of the fact that Waratah included part of Burnie, and that altered the totals. The Waratah district was purely a mining one, and claimed that for years past it had been un- represented, i In the North-West district the electors were entitled to almost eight members, but; rather than disturb the power that had been in Hobart for a great number of years they thought it was better to let them' remain as they were. The North-East division was entitled to 6-9 members, nearly seven. The East division was not entitled to four members, but were represented at the present time by six members. It was contemplated to put them on a proper basis, that while in area their land was extensive, the population was limited, and the electors on the roll was very limited. They were not entitled to four, yet the Government proposed to give them four members, and two would he taken away and transferred to the West Coast, which required the balance of power. By splitting the island into large electorates they were not making any invidious distinction by striking out any of the old electorates. No one could say they had knocked out Richmond or Brighton - Mr. DOBSON : You are always knock- ing are out. (Laughter.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said with reference to the South division they were entitled, according to the number of electors on the roll, to a little over six members and Launceston to exactly four. When they came to Hobart, they were entitled, on the basis of population, to 84, nearly six, and Launceston on the same basis, to 40. On the West Coast, on the basis of population, they were entitled to five members, and by the oils to four and a-half. There had never been a census taken on the West Coast, and it was not known exactly what the population was. In another year or so the census would be taken, and they would know exactly what the population was and, again, in a district like Montagu they all knew that a number of electors were wages men, who had not the same interests probably us the electors in wiping like Hobart with property qualifications. They could not give absolutely fair repre-. sentation to the West-Coast, because they did not know exactly what the population was. When the bill was put in operation the Governor-in-Council might i reduce the number of members assigned to-day- district where the number, of electors upon I being divided by the number of members assigned to such district was below the quota required for a member in proportion to the electors of the whole colony, and increase the number of members where the number of electors was greater. They required to adopt some such system, so that they: should be no tinkering with the Electoral Act in future. In the bill it provided menus for elasticity, but the clause he had referred to stated that in no case should the total number of Assembly members be increased beyond the number provided by law." It would be much better than having to come to the House every year, and had been in vogue for years in other colonies and worked quite well. Mr. DOBSON : Do you contend that a man who has a little home and goes to the West Coast to work is a West Coaster? The ATTORNEY" - GENERAL replied that he could put his name on the West \ Coast roll a I earning income and we see- and his property) qualification would KO to another district. Ifaiiian had property I i in Hobin t and went to the West Coast he I could get on the West Coast roll just as Air Dobson practising as a solicitor was with out any property qualification might apply to have his name on the roll as a Itgilpnetitionei and then be able to go toiSevi Noifolkund vote for property he held in "that district There was not much new in the act The line system was simply c died on with a little alteration wlthioguidtotl eeountijdistilets Section shot the bill was new It had anyway s seemed crossly and in that alabounngiiiiin should be required to send in his chum every veil to have his name cm oiled (Hear hear) When that lunn wilson the West Coast miles away from a town twist very great inconvenience to have to go in and Rev tile documents necess try to make his claim and occurred to the Govern- mont it would be a wise plan to it once his name was on the roll it should remain there M in} people would say ' How are )oiiRoni(,to purge the rolls? and that in course of time they would become so big that not nine tenths of the people would be there Provision was made for purging the rolls by striking out the music of a man who had not expressed his vote at the last election and his name would be kept on until he had pi I in my flesh claim Mr FOWLER U ought to apply all round Mr Mr I CAIIY It applies to everyone in New Zealand The VriORM *i-Gr\TI RAL replied that there was quite a different system as to qualification in New Zealand There they had -universal suffrage but here There were different guides of qualification and it was not practicable He was one of those who supported Mr McWilliams when he endeavoured to obtain manhood suffrage though he deprecated the time chosen When he wanted to build a house he put one brick on top of another he did not attempt to throw the house together in a heap because if he did the storm would soon blow it down. The storming this case was the Legislative Council It was provIded in this bill that once a man's name was placed on the toll it should remain there for ever Then time was prov felon for the removal of v others; of i ora one place to another If am in for it in c removed from Brighton to the West Coast he was to go v c notice to the Registrar on the "IA West Coast who would communicate with the Registrar at Brighton Three sections provided for the purging of the tolls If an elector did not vote in the election his name was removed before the next election Then also the Registrar of Deaths would furnish a list of persons over 21 years who died during the year so that the n ones of voters among them might be removed from the toll in South Australia there was what was called a supplementary roll The principal roll was printed only once in 10 years -when the census was taken We published our polls every vein But in South Australia they had in different suffrage Mon over, any person could get his name on the roll by applying The supplementary roll was made up at any time It was not printed, but was kept in the Registrar's office till the election and was then printed if there was time The parliamentary draughts man had prepared some clauses to meet Mr Mc\\\ Williams s views Clauses 115 12) prov vided for absent voters It was a great at dship if a v voter had to go away from home immediately before an election may be unable to vote Provision was made in this bill for the case of people going 15 BULLS from home The distance could however be reduced in committee The mode of voting by post was prescribed The postmaster-would witness the signature of the v over to the blank paper and the signature was torn off before it was placed in the ballot box so no one knew how the elector voted Three sections up plied to the large district in the country, was here the H ne System of voting would be used Mr Mulcahy had referred in the press to an alleged interview which a representative of the Age had with him in Melbourne. He now produced the Age of November 29 last in which the interview was reported and read it to the House. He was there represented as condemning the Hare system but he w as never inter viewed in his life upon the subject Had he been interview ed he would have said he had opposed the Hare system, but he was in favour of it with the alterations made in it and was a convert to the whole system He had a recollection of a conversation upon the subject taking place over a glass of wine (Laughter ) Afterwards at a convivial meeting he was asked You got the H ire system 1 He replied * Yes and in reply to further questions said he believed there had been a good number of informal votes and some people did not like the system but he was not asked for and never give his own opinion as to it There would be under this bill a more simplified mode of vi oil mg the system in the country districts and the results would be made known more quick 16 To his mind the Hare system was worthy of consideration an 1 adoption The clauses referring to it had been supervised by Professor Jethro Brow n and Mr R M Johnston and they thoroughly ip provides them Those experts admitted that the Charl Hare system used in the two cities at the last general election was in theory preferable but that as a matter of practice there was considerable difference between the two In the case of an electoral district in which more than one candidate was to be elected as at Hobin t and Launceston and only one polling place the returning officer would himself supervise the returns whilst for country districts the ones twos and threes would be telegraphed to him. He claimed that the introduction of the the system was a most democratic measure and by far the fairest to the people as i vi hole Its open unionism Tasmania were being watched by the whole world Professor Brown had recently made the subject prominent in England by writing on it to the press and pene heals and be as well as Mr R B Johnston were receiving very many in quiet- about it from all parts of Europe and America Victoria had lately taken the matter up and the principle had been recognised in the VictonaiiLegislatuie while good we rivers were t taking the matter up in South Australia for it was felt everywhere that it meant the proper representation of minorities Mr. MULCAHY Of the whole people. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : Exactly. Or the combination of minorities It gave electors the' fullest choice in selecting their men, while it was truly democratic in principle. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BIRD said the view was expressed on Friday evening that the Attorney General should move the second reading his evening, and then that some other business should be proceeded with but there seemed to be no other bill ready to take up, and they must go on vi suit debating this bill. It introduced a very important piece of electoral reform for the country districts. The Attorney-General had shown some of the advantages of the Hare system, and he would himself allow at once that he believed it would give the best possible representation in any Parliament, providing as it did for the representation of min- orities and for the representation of sections of large districts holding peculiar views. He favoured the Hare system, and certainly the time might come when it would be advisable that it should be extended throughout the colony. At the present time he thought it inadvisable to abolish that system in its application to Hobart and Launceston. The time would come when it would be applied to all the colony. If the system was a good one, and they wished it to be applied to the colony, it would be undesirable to take away from the people such an object lesson as the general election would afford If the Hare system prevailed in Hobart and Launceston. Mr. McWILLIAMS : If they want it. Mr. BIRD: Yes. If It was desirable that the whole colony should adopt the system the people should receive as much experience of the matter' as possible. Mr. HOGGINS : Why should we be ex- perimented on In the cities? Mr. HARTNOLL : If you cut off one fox's tail! cut off the whole lot. Mr. BIRD): If there be anything good in the system that had been tried in Hobart and Launceston, which he did not think worked satisfactorily, there could be no harm in conducting, the next election in the same way. Personally, he would not have any objection to it being applied to the Franklin district, and perhaps other members would not object to it being applied to their districts, but it was a matter that affected the whole colony and not members alone. The electors should not be altogether ignored, and whether or not it was retained for Hobart and Launceston it was most desirable that the people in the other electorates should be fully instructed in connection with the proposed change. There was little time in which to prepare the scheme and make the necessary arrangements to carry it out at the next election. The Electoral Bill must be passed into law at such a date that the Royal assent could be secured to it by September, as a general election must take place not later than January next. In view of the fact that there had not yet been an opportunity for individual members to go through the bill and understand its provisions, and seek to secure knowledge of the electors' opinions in regard to the advisability of having the system applied in the country districts, it should not be forced on the colony at present. In that respect it might be looked upon as premature. The people I of Tasmania were now being roused to wakefulness. and would watch the Hare , System at Hobart and Launceston with a more interest than formerly. Still, the time for its introduction throughout the colony was inopportune. Federation was at for oil and they should not make a sweeping change 1 The PREMIER That makes it a opportune Mr BIRD When federation was brought about it ought to have the effect of reducing the number of members of I Put li mu lit j The PRI MIEll This bill helps to reduce them Mr. BIRD It seemed to him they were running before they were ready they should rather wait and see what changes feder tion would render desirable than imagine what would be a canned That would be acting more wisely and they could then adopt any changes that were necessary to bring them into line with the federal institution. The PREMIER If the present single electorates were to be left how well I it be possible to provide tine J more members for the West Coast 1 Mr. BIRD 1 either by increasing the number of members in the House or le distributing the seats and give certain districts that now had more members than they were entitled to less representation It would be wiser to tout since the present system for another year or two than force one on the people that they were not prepared for With regin 1 to the measure itself why did the Government not arrange that the system should apply to both 1 Houses of Parliament llieievviisito intention manifested in the bill to take the Legislative Council election under the Hino system but to continue under the single electorate system Vv by was tins so? If the Hare system was noticed that it should be applied to the colony at large, why was it not also regarded as good enough for the elections in connection with the eggs after Councils Then again why should there be is districts provided in the bill for electing the Council and only seven for the Asse nobly ? What was good for one should be good for the other If the Government were so certain that the Hare system was good for the Assembly elections for the whole colony why should the same system not be applied to the election of internal erstothe other Chamber the colony should have been changed into inadequate districts than had been done not some with six members others with seven and some with foul It would have been as easy to have had six districts returning six tremble is each for the Assembly When he saw the (sea graphical position of the districts in the plan he felt sure that It would have Um as easy to make the boundaries dividing the colony equal six memebers from each Jtsttiet being returned to the House of Assembly and three from each to the Legislative Council IheAUoinej General I had pointed out to them by his Hautes which differed somewhat from the published plans which they had before them that there was something like an appeal ination in the number of electors were to be allowed to be provided with one member The figures placed before them III the newspapers, in connection with the plans went to show that with regard to Ave districts there had been 11 very unfair division Those five districts were Launceston the N W the N P ti« II and S divisions in which there was a proportion ranging ft 6in 869 to 9oz electors returning one member In these districts the lowest number of electors returning a member was Sol) and the highest. was (Lil, and it was, upon the same moderately close approximation to proportions in all the districts-one might have said it was reasonably fair, but there was a very great disproportion with regard to numbers when they looked at Hobart and the Western division He had been ton j v cited to some extent by the figures given that night by the Attorney General so far as they affected the Western division He had learned that the published statements were somewhat incorrect The figures on the plans showed that while Hobart had one number for every 770 electors the Western division would have one only for I IW How far those figures were altered by the corrections of the Attorney-General be had not been able to ascertain but it was perfectly clear that under the present proposals Hobart was receiving a larger share of representation in proportion to the number of the electors than all the other districts and also a very much larger share than the Western division which had a still less proportion in the number of members than any other part of the colony. The basis of elect and reform was to give equal representation to an equal number of electors Mr MULCAHY And population Mr. BIRD said it seemed to him that with Hu growing population on the West Coast and the probability that it would grow very much more they were entitled to consideration with regard to giving an additional member (clear, heat 1 To make the divisions fan on the plans before them Hobart should have received one less member than was pt oposed that was five instead of six and that Waratah should bin c li id iii e instead of tom ; so without increasing the number of members in the whole colony there would have been a more equal division of representa- turn than under the present bill IheAriORNEYGrNERAL You are satisfied now that the Western district is will represented with its four members at Mt BIRD did not think there ought to be less than five to represent the Western division The MINISTER OF LANDS A large number of the electors could vote for other places A very large number belong to other parts of the colony as a matter of fact Mr. BIRD said they could only deal M 1th \ the proposals its they were placed before them Hobart was to have one member forever 77 electors authored smoother district with less than bW They ought, if making any alteration at all le til and make it as far as possible and also should not attempt to institute any such an portant i range such as was proposed for their electoral system until an opportunity had been given the people who would be affected by it to consider the ni after fully and express their opinions with respect to the proposed changes There were a number of details in connection with the bill which it would be less fit to deal with now than in committee but he thought he had said enough from his point of view to show that he con shiel ed the time inopportune to make in attempt to establish the Hare system of election for the whole of the colony and that the measure as proposed had not that equality and completeness abontitw Inch such a iiicasuieought toll one While he thought the time was moppor time he did not w ish to take any action than which would have the effect of what was commonly called killing the bill He recognised that they must have some bill passed that there ought to he no time lost in getting some satisfactory measure ' through, and, therefore, he should not think of moving that the bill I lead that day six months. But he did think some opportunity should be given members to express the opinion whether the proposal vvassatisfactorj-oropportune, whether they ought to carry the bill through, changing their electoral system at the present juncture, before the people had the opportunity of concluding whether they were favourable to its acceptance or not. Just as each member desired time to consider the bill, so he desired that his constituents should have the same opportunity. It would be better to retain their present system in regard to the country and suburban I electorates than to rush into a change like that which the people might not be prepared to receive. He did not know whether he could do better than test the feeling of the House by moving as an amendment, - "That the Government policy of electoral reform. is embodied in the LU total Bill now before the House, is inopportune, and unsatisfactory, and that in the opinion of this House that bill should be withdrawn, and one substituted for it which will provide for the continuance of single electorates in suburban and country districts." Mr LEWIS: We do not want 200 sections when one section will do Mr. BIRD said a great deal in that bill must be embodied in the new Act, and he had wished in his remarks, and wished also In his amendment, to express the opinion that all that might be termed policy in regard to electoral reform was embodied In certain clauses relating to the the system, and that the bill ought to be withdrawn in order to substitute another for the continuance of the present system, of some system of single electorates as applied to all the country districts. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: It can be done in committee. Mr. BIRD thought they should in the House and not in committee decide whether they were going to have the Hare system applied to the whole colony or refer it to some future time, when they would have fuller information before them, and beby a better position to say whether they desired her not. Mr. LEWIS seconded the amendment. The PREMIER said the Government had brought down certain proposals in Which representation throughout the island would be equalised, and by which, also, the representation on the West Coast would be increased, as it certainly ought to be increased, without adding to the number of members generally. That poor I posal we hear Mr. Eli a had moved, sought 1 to destroy appin on us) without such consideration as would be given to it Inn lengthy discussion, and that should be- glad to it in committee, the wholcfabiicof the bar) excepting the ltgistratlontliiusi s, without any serious discussion at all. Now Sir. Bud, in the course of his remarks, had said some surprising things One was that the colony would be better if divided into six equal electoral districts. Now he defied any man, the Government Statistician, of any geographer that ever existed, to make such a dry Union of Tas mania as would give six equal parts. Would Mr. Bhd look at the map and say how he was going to get six pints unless he was going to give equal territory to the six without any regard whatever to the number of people? Mr BIRD An equal number of electors In the six districts is all I ask for the PREMIER He supposed no one would dispute the fact that there was a most st turns di put it in tim at length of the repre- station in different districts He took West Devon which he himself had the honour to represent There were there 1,712 electors on the toll But in Cressy Campbell Town Glamorgan and Richmond combined there vine only TO more electors those four elector tiles had an aggregate number of 1702 on the toll which meant as a matter of fact, that every elector in West Devon bid four times the political power of any elector nialltheothertour dis trict which he had named Mr Bird said 1 the thing was inoppor little because federation was close and because the number of members if we got federation would have to be reduced Will that seemed to him a reason why the bill was opportune -why we should arrange our electoral system Besides gil lug due representation to the West Coast was should also fitly e such a distribution of districts that a initonititle ally we should reduce the main ' his of members in the aggregate Mr HAIUNOLc We me having the semaphore busiest ss now (Laughter ). The PREMIER yes but not a diseased our (More laughter ) Mr. Bird had advocated w Ith a fur amount of force the principle of the Hare system The only doubt be hinted at was that it might involve the representation of factions But who were they that they should say the in my class who were electors and taxpayers were a fiction because they did not agree with other people? (Hear, hear ) W he should say that any man who was strong enough to be returned) the first vote should not be returned and that the minority who elected him should not be represented ' Mr BIRD I did not say they should not be said that other people might think it undesirable The PREMIER had gathered that Mr. Bird would not be entirely in agreement with those who made the objection those minorities were not five lions but bodies of the people-electors duly entitled to representation Mr Stafford Bird denied that the electors should be considered He did not think that in this matter he did desire it Mr BIRD I do desire it Hit PRI MILK Who could say for one moment that this system was not one that did in the very highest degree give consideration to the electors? Mr Bird stud they should go about among the electors and consult them But what were members there for Were they represent Ititi ves charged with the duty of representatives, of preachers who were to go about my ing to imbue the electors with certain principles, and teach them the lime system? Mr. BIRD Do you never consult them on new questions ? the PREMIER would consult the people on every) question that could be put by the referendum but not necessarily to be guided by the answer to see if those they represented could move in the same groove with them. But this was not a Knut that could be explained in a few words to the electors There were a great many politically educated who if they went about teaching the Hare system, I would be only the blind leading the blind Mr BIRD Then, you want to force M> acting upon the people that they do not under stand? The PREMIER wanted to give them the fullest power and leave them to exercise it Then, Mr Bird asked why the Hare system should be adopted for the House of Assembly and not for the Legislative Council? Because the Government wanted to go step by step At present the proposal was for themselves the members of that House but if the Government said what should be the system for the other House they should make a difficulty for themselves and this Chamber If federation was probably close upon them, that was all the more reason for them to proceed on the lines of this bill because these were the lines followed in the federal elections They) were not going to the existence of one man one vote but they were going in that direction by giving the electors in fuller measure of power, and doing something towards Mining single votes by equiihslngthe value of volts There was as much that was democratic in milling votes of equal value as by limiting the number Everything pointed to the under stability) of fasted) casting this bill aside as something unworthy of the fullest consideration in stead of taking it into committee It contained a system of registration which he hoped to see adopted to the full extent For some years he had pressed on this system of registration and again and again pointed out the injustice done to the electors b) making wage earners come time if He time to be regis tired and rather than have the present pernicious system continued he was quite ready to say that cv erybod), we hear r qualified b) land or wages should register himself by application Because of the interest he took in this matter, because of the great results he saw to follow It, he hoped the House would give this measure a fall healing said that members would bear in mind that it was incumbent on them if we were to have a fair representation in the colony to give the West Coast four members It this was to be done some additional seats had to be got, the) must make some distribution which would give two more members to the West Coast while they got them from somewhere else That alone would be a sufficient justification for the bill which effected the it unions other good things It might seem a blemish that while Hobart had six members the West Coast, which His entitled to live but only four But taking the number of electors and rciiieiiibeinig that in the case of Hobart the population was fixed, while Unit of the Vi West Coast was to some extent migratory and winds up to some extent of electors who were qualified to vote elsewhere us well the proposal in augment seemed full Mt BIKU alien there won't be one man one vote The PRI MILR Under our present pernicious system there was plural voting but the bill reduced the evil because cattle were only seven electorates from end to end of the colony and much as man could not is needs some bad news votes He could only have seven and for his part he had no objection to his having only one One word more is to the disposal tioiiutciejirfscntutioii of Hobart and the West Coast It might be reasonable to expect that Hobart with its men using prosperity.) would increase in population so as to entitle it full) to the representation given it Although it was not a strong point with him still it was with some when it was advanced that Hobin I by reason of its wealth, and the huge amount of taxation that it paid to the public treasury, was to that extent entitled to be represented somewhat-If only a fraction - in excess of what it was numerically entitled in the present number of electors At present he would not say any more, not feeling equal to do so, but he trusted that with the bill before them they' would give the bill the fullest discussion in. committee, did not lame their mouths shut by a move which would at once cast the thing aside, and paying the Government no hope of elucidating the principles being fought for. Every Hung I but could be done by the amendment could be done fully and hatted by the House in committee e. They could alter the cltetoniU s, revert to single electorates, in initiating the Hare system in part or in whole, or not at all, in committee, and he hoped that course would be adopted instead of for tuning a catch motion, which would shut the mouths of those who argued in favour of reform Mr. LEWIS said the Premier seemed to think that a full discussion intlf- Ilouseon this fell j' important measure was shutting their mouths Who, every member<ould speak fully on this second leading on the attent long proposed to be introduced by the Government. The committee table was not the proper place to make the necessary amendments in the bill. (Hear, hear.) They did not want to throw the bill out, but the Opposition cert linly urged that the Attorney- General should take it back, bringing it In afresh with alterations, which certainly must be made (Hear, hear.) The bill contained 227 sections, nine tenths of which consisted of existing law, and it was not necessity for so are enacting them. One of 20 sections would be quite sufficient for all that was proposed to be done. If the whole or the present electoral law w is to be dealt with the reasonably expected many improvements in it which the bill did not provide for. The question of polling places, he noticed, was left untouched. He (Mr. Lewis) and others associated with him had striven hard to scatter the law that an elector might vote at, any polling place within" his electoral dlstilct-(cheers)-Instead of having togo 5 to n miles to vote. (Hear, hear.) The families had waxed eloquent as to begin tuition, but what about the pippins tion of the rolls I (Clieprs.) Tioiii November 21 to April 19 those rolls had been in course of preparation, and for what reason no one could say. the tail, hear.) There were some 20 sections dealing with appeals from the courts of revision to the Supreme Court, but there were very few indeed of such appi als '11" franchise was so simple that every facility should be provided for an elector gets tugun the rails quit it), and to have the tolls speedily made out (Ghosts) It seemed even that the next go near' cler tion must, under this bill, be fought on the evils that might be made by November 21 (Hear, hear.) It seemed ridiculous that is months before the general election a man should have to be on the roll in order to vote I Were they (the men hers) to be expected to revise and after the bill as it must be, at the table of the House? (Hear, hear.) If the Attorney-General was in earnest over this measure, why had he not brought in a proper bill, or why should he not take this, one back, and amend it, as the amendment that had been proposed asked him to do. As it stood the bill revived all the anomalies existing at the present time. (Hear, hear.) Willie by (Mr. Lewis) would not favour any reduction of the franchise, he would go as far as this-that if it became a question of reducing the franchise, and as an alternative restricting the right of a voter who was qualified to vote from exercising it at any polling place in his district, he would go for the latter. (Hear, hear.) There were but three iiiiieiidtneiits in the bill, namely, I lie registration of the wages qualification, absent voters, and the introduction of the house system to the whole of the colony. Those three alterations in the electoral law might have been made in a bill of 20 clauses. (Hear, hear.) So the bill had better be withdrawn and re introduced in a more complete form. The House was asked to declare In this bill, in connection with the Hare system, in favour of a division of the colony into seven large districts, with an unequal number of members In each. Howjiverc the rolls to be made upon that plan in time for the general election ? (Cheers.) He found no provision for that I The ATTORNEY - GENERAL: A separate bill will come in. Mr. LEWIS : Then this bill, If it becomes law, will have to be amended during this present session. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: There will be a separate bill introduced when the Royal assent to this one is obtained, providing for certain things to take place. Mr. LEWIS found that there was, in other words, to be an amending bill in this I very same session. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : No ; not an amending bill. ' Mr. LEWIS: Yes, providing for the rolls to be made upon the system introduced in this measure. (Hear, hear.) Was it prudent in the present moment to alter the whole of the electoral system (Cheers) and divide the colony as the Government proposed? ("No" and hear, hear.) The Premier had said that federa-, tion was approaching ; but they could not expect it to be brought about before? out next general election. (Hear, hear.) So it would be wiser to continue the present electoral system over the forthcoming general election, for there would soon to great issues to be fought out, including the question of curtailment of expenditure and a reduction in the number of members of both Houses. Those were the questions that would be fought out, and would it not be better to have the reduction in the number of members made at that time which must come about after federation '( Was it not better to have It fought out at that time rather than upset the minds of the people at the present The ATTORN NEY-GENERAL What about the West Coast? Mr. LEWIS : He thought that the West Coast was well represented at present. They did not know what the population was r some said it was 2000, and some put it at 30,000. They heard all kinds of state nipiits,but.surelyiiiostof those who had been any length of time in the colony, If they had not a vote in the West Coast had one for another district. If the provision of voting by post was introduced into the bill those persons would be able to vote. After federation came about, and it was necessary to reduce the number of members of both Houses, several members would leave the chamber and seek to secure a position, in the Federal Parliament. Those places would then be vacant, and It would be much easier to redistribute the seats at that time. It would cause heart-burning to wipe out four of the existing electorates. He believed that the time was inopportune for discussing the question, and that the time would he more opportune after the next general election, when the people had thoroughly considered the matter. He did not agree with the Premier that the people, should not be consulted on the matter, that avoleshould be taken without the electors knowing what it was about. It was not his wish to go to his own constituents and take their orders, but it would be only fair and right to the electors that an opportunity should be given them to understand the subject and realise that their interests were being seriously discussed. He did not agree with the Prciutcrnnd the Minister of Lands, that it would be better and more fitting that the blllshouldbctakcuuitocomniittee and redrafted for the Attorney-General. (Hear, hear.) They had done enough of that already. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: I only want you to fix the boundaries. Mr. LEWIS : li was more than fixing the boundaries, and it was not right that members should be called upon to redraft the bill. The Attorney-General should take it back and bring up a modern measure' that the House could adopt or reject. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MULCAHY moved the adjourn- ment of the debate until the next day at 4 o'clock. The motion was agreed to. ADJOURNMENT. Allots pm. The House adjourned until 4 o'clock next day. 