A BEAUTIFUL PRAYER. The "Catholic Twines" of 3rd March •says :—A correspondent writes—The following prayer, which has never before been in print, was composed by five, assistant. Bishop-elect of Westmtester, and offered by him to Alurigliiy God aun'id the ruins of General -G^mon's palace in Khartoum on the occasion of a special memorial service on 4th September last year. It is paid to have touched the iron heart of the Sirdar so that tears were seen in his eyes, and at his request copies of it were made and distributed to all the officers present The present copy is from that of a lady, the wife of one of the favoured officers :—" O Almighty God ! by Whose Providence are all things which come linto the jives of men, whether of suffering whir-h Thou pemWtest. or of joy and gladness which Thou gLVest. look do!wn, we lieseeeh Thee, with eyes of pity and compassion on this land, so loved by that heroic soul whose memory we* honour before Thee this day. Give back to it days of peace: send to it rulers animated by his spirit of lustier- and righteousness • strengthen them in the might, of Thy power, that < hey may labour in making perfect the work to which he devoted, and for w hi eh he gave, his life. Grant lo us Thy servants that we may copy his virtues of self-sacrifice and fortitude, so t(hat when Thou callest we may each be able to answer. ' I have fought the good fight'—a blessing which we humbly ask in the Name of the Father, the Son. and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The "British Australasian" writes'.-y, " The friends and admirers of Mr. J. F. Hogari, M.P., read with surprise and concern. In the ' Westminster. Gazette,' the other day, that lie had entered for this year's Parliamentary Steeplechase. They were not aware that he had added hunting' and the negotiating of stiff fences to his numerous accomplishments. Their mipds were much relieved next day at learning that Mr. Logan, not'Mr. Hogan, was the M.P. who was going; to risk his neck. The intelligent comp. had 'got mixed in hie capitals." 