BROADBRIM'S GREATER NEW YORK LETTES. I ahalJ never forget tbe remark of an English "Globs Trotter," who visited oar country many years 113-0 duriuor t<ie v,-11d Bxcit.-inent of aFrfisIdential canvass. The ^ three days. B^nds of the lt!ad of 80133 anions froz? *srd to «ard, and fre Preeinet in the "*rd- 2J*ey voted early and they nntW^?' 1? V101"6 t}Jan one State and TOteHfeSTon ha.f J**n deeidftd feytf>e ,of Thtt?s and Thieves whose legiti S® komewould have been the Peniten tiary or State's Prison. " Vr friend looked on in amaze ment, although he had seen some pretty ^ttfIOIISJil1 his own e°untry, but *£r tt ^ Y°« d comPare wi«' elections in Tf" Vnite^ States, and when it catne to candidates of crime the beh^T a thomand ""lies ^on'fc JOB nominate for your Ind hT^Z^ of «*ablisfaed character T «°wL W!f tbe En^man's X£d «i? * my,lear sir>the American would not stand a ghost of el'S S,,lbei"e,'l<St"i" -."""?IT the Srite t wh;v hy tbe Ty- to !Tn.a made note on the very dirty ^JLeLl **& 8hirt- He »r»t£ ' ^ nominating incumbents for -IC ,offieee- generally select the onl^tCrlrni-,2 f- Alift; of crime being the onty passport to great political success/' *, wonder the Englishman thought as he did; the evidence that he had was not oaere hearsay or vagus report. Tt was not ®ne report of the enemies of the United orates. It was Americans speaking of Americans. It was Demociats speaking of Detnocra/tg18 and Republicans speaking of About five or six years ago the entire land was seized with a sudden spasm of virtue which boded ill for the d land his disciples-if he kept failing away his time here and seekiug whom he may devour. A committee was appointed to investigate the various departments of our city government, and it necessary to tarn them inside out or upside down. Money was not wanting for the investigation. for, where State aid failed, the capital of private citizens, who wanted a pure and honest Government, came to the front and tided the committee safely through what deemed to be a long period of financial disaster. What follows was suggested by previous lines of thought. Every eight or ten years our Goody Goodies are moved by a cyclonic hurricane cf righteousness and "start a cru sade of virtue. In the hope that some day the whole world might be as good as them selves. A reform party was started; it swept through the State as a monsoon sweeps the Indian Seas. The Iiexow Com mittee sat several months, and expended thousands of dollars and succeeded in send ing a police captaiu to State's Prison for accepting a basket of peaches for his Sun day dinner; in fact, it was stated at the trial, as he was passing along the sidewalk late on Saturday afternoon, a fruit mer chant, who had the sidewalk crowded with his peach basket-?, sang out <0 tlx- captain ns he passed through the market.--"Cap, I will send you a basket or peaches." He did send them, and the captain and Ins family ate them for Sunday dinner. It was a dear basket of peaches for the'eap tain; he lost his place for the time and went to State's Prison; but I see he is back on the force again, a bright and shin ing example of committee investigation. Mr. Goff, the prosecuting attorney for the _ committee, succeeded in getting ® nine fat berth for his service? as Keeorder of the City of Now York, wi h a salary of $17,000 per annum-not to men tion a feu.- unconsidered trifles worth at least $5,000 more. So eminent was the services of the retooners that except those whose officers could not be t&uched; but were almost a life tenure, the moraine after the next election there was not one of the grand reformers left politically aiive. an3 now the wicked Tammany officers are trying to find out where all the money went. One reformer, who held his place ! by a short tenure is said to have walked ! off with $111,000 in his pouch, for which ' no work was done, and now the people I who seldom pray are saying: «. Save us oh, save us from reform." ' The agony has ceased, and the Rev. Dr. is now a fnU-fledged priest and now acknowledges the rubric as the source ot ISpiseopal light and instruction. If the matter was not of such serion§ import, ?[hich now threatens a serious division in the Episcopal Church, it would only be a subject entitled to derisive laughter .Oon tbe hurried away hy the beattn« of "u^f a?d,_ tl?e sl"'uts of a® ignorant multitude, but place tbe simple fact before yourself and give it the consideration it is entitled to Bishop Potter belongs to a race of Episcopal priests. TFhererer it is known it is held in the highest honor and reverence; a man of blameless life a-d of the broadest charity to ail the human race m the government of his life; no faction so great as to lead or drive him and no fniction of a fiaction so poor or weak but that at all times they can command liis charity and love. To show the character ot the mail who a little country parson talks of impeaching. In the lowest portion of the New York slums, where sin blooms and blossoms all the year, the summer's heat cannot destroy it, the winter's blast cannot drive it from its stronghold; it is there always, and it was here that Bishop Potter established a mission house. It was a place of severe toil and small reward. The good he did never reached the ears of the multitude; a few of them knew of his life of sacrifice, but they rendered little aid to help him. The summer's heat was at its height sometimes during his sermons to lliese unkempt crowds. He talked to the multitude of green fields, blooming orchards, and running brooks; they lived in the days of the pro phets who left us the beautiful story of Canaan with its abundance of honey and milk. But these things were not for him while here, and so he returned to his work, sick and weaTy, living only on the hope of the better times to come. One day Bishop Potter, clad like an ordinaiy traveller, appeared at the mission house. He looked into the tired face of the humble priest and bade him depart for his summer outing. Knowing well that hotels, railroad accommodation, and other like things are not to be bad for nothing, he presented him with a nice little sum of money as a reward for faithful and honest service. There was the great Bishop of New York with his own beautiful home not far away, filling the p'aee of the rector during his two weeks' absence. Hi never ventured near hi i own home, but dedicated his entire service to that humble church. Two -weeks passed rapidly away, two weeks of blessed employment which made the heart of the bishop glad in the perfor mance of his holy task. His work will be an object lesson for years to come, a br ght and shining example of what a priest of Christ ought to he. Dr. Huntington of Grace Church is another of whom the Episcopal Church may well feel proud. For years he has been regarded as one of the pillars of the Episcopal Church in New York, and these two worthy Christians are the men whom Dr. Glendenning talks of impeaching and driving from the priesthood. It is fortu nate for Episcopacy that there are so few Glendennings, and we feel secure that the Episcopal Church is safe in the govern ment and love of men like Bishop Potter and Dr. Huntington, and would recommend to Dr. Glendenning a season of humiliation and prayer, sackcloth, and ashes. Not in my memory since the death of President Garfield have T seen a single life create such a profound sensation at part ing as did that of Eos well P. Flo"ver. late Governor of New York, a man who once represented the State in Congress, and was knows on Wall-street among the money changers and a member of that guild whose financial transactions are known throughout the world. He was known as a man, the rule of whose life had been unex ceptional and unqualified honesty. His word on change was held ns good as the bond of an ordinary capitalist; a man of broad views "and tireless industry, who enjoyed the love and respect of all who knew him and those wLo knew him longest loved and honored him best The shock of his death was peculiar He was a man of sturdy mould, temperate and careful, and while associated in busi ness relations with many of the largest undertakings of his time he seemed men tally and physically qualified to bear and carry any reasonable amount of strain. He was looked upon by those who knew him best as a man who had many years of active life in s'ore for him, and only a. few moments before the summons of the death angel be was in conversation on one of the most gigantic undertakings of his time, an enterprise which was looking toward the most intimate an I closer connection of the different parts of t he Greater New York. The project in its iullners would call for a sum not much shoit of a thousand mi'lions, and yet so eager were capitalists to invest in this great enterprise that twice the sum needed could be had if required. In this connection it mi-rht be well to mention a point referred to in my last letter, and that was the sudden popularity of the steel trust involving a capital of five hundred and fifty millions. These two givat- trusts called for a sum of nearly one thousand five hundred millions of dolhsrs. The very thought of it is appalling. Whatever enterprise Mr. Plover was connected with he always figured as a leader. Those* associated with him would insist upon placing him in the front, having the greatest reliance in his honesty and judgment. His honesty was never questioned; his judgment was almost unerring. The most remarkable thing in this connection is that, notwitstandmg his association with so many gigantic enter prises, many men almost iutimately con nected with him hardly suspected the extent of his undertakings. For a man exposed as he was in public life, he was never boastful or self-aseertent. He was singularly modest, often giving to others the honor of his successes, which were almost entirely his own. His political con nection was honorable in every respect, and on leaving his great office he carried with hi n to private life the love and respect of both politio-Jil | ai l ies. A4 the last Nati< nal Demofiratic Conven tio 1 1<<* K'f inr-d to have an idea that pos sibly bis party uiight be looking for a com promise candidate. Peveral times it looked as though his ambition would be gratified, as he sat, like u patriarch, with Mrs. Firmer hy liis side, and the remainder of his f-iunly around him, ho waited tor the eail which never cauie. The fact u\is thnt Nfv. York had the previous president, and Mi:jt he had incurred the displeasure of the D '?l'lviatie partv l»v ht^ inflexible honesty, wi:3.-!: would not yic!ii to ti5«»ii- demands. 'ilsf; brave, ruler, the honest citizen, the faithful husband, the loving father, has hpen called away. We trill Is»y his manly form iu the earth ip, the city of t!i« dead, where the spring flowers blrwm sweet emblems of him who said " I am the resur rection and the lite" The earthly form is gone, but the sweet savor of an. honest life remains immortal. And bo we leave him alone with God- Farewell. 