NOVEL. The fonder- Witch By m, c-, mcolelland, CHAPTER VII.— (Continued.) 'Did you do anything to help him?' sho questioned. A sudden forlornneBS settled like a oloud on the older woman's laoe. She seemed aloof and isolated. 1'har was a box in ther house, and I fnllAil. if. aiiMi mnii.rucrfl unrl unp,.u<t ITir'u weskit over 'out, fur a oradlo,' she said, humbly. ' Fine- tugs is healthy to sleep ou. I 'lows to cook up a pjssel of vittles wbenst I gits homo and ootid my olo mun dowu wuli 'em. I aiu t uo nuss luy.oli, being nervy and 'feurd to'huudlo doctor's trnok. Ill git word about, too, so thor child kin bo keored for.' Ruth held baok words nearly spoken, and substituted others. In tho background of the old woman's ltfo was a tragedy, iu which a mistake tn the giving of moaimno luut resalled fatally to ouo sbo loved. This con fession of ii.oupactty was uu indirect aliusiou to it, atid the first that Ruth had over hoard her rnuko. A swift ooa. pussion filled her, and sho hastened to assume tho responsibility too groat for theso other hands. 1 You did Wli'oly tu munttou this mattor to me,' she said, goutly. ' Wo are much nearer to hollow than tho othor neighbors, and tho house is on our land. I'll go over myself and see about the child. Mummy can toll me what to do. 8ho knows ull about babies. I wish she oould go with m«, but she's bed ridden with rheumatism. C m you get word to the doctor, do you think ? I must take Tony with me to ourry some bedding unit other things which mu- 1 bo needed.' To bo euro sue could, Mrs Wheat declared. Indeed, a visit to tho i'uzawoila waa part of her day's programme. Mrs Tezewoll wished to have a rag osrpet tuuue tor her upper hull, and had givou tho job to Mrs Wheat, who was the bust carpi t- weaver in tho county. A oonsuitution about raga and dye stuffs was necessary : so tho old woman oould kill two birds with ono stouo. 1 I'll start the word round 'bout'n Kit likowise,' she affirmed, as she donned the" yefiow suu-bounot and rose to depart. 'You'll git help atoro sundown. Maudy Turner's priuie nuss, and I'll step by to soo her. May bo sho'll ourno for the night — bar, or Sarah Carter, l'lil namo it to both. Good-day, Miss Ruth. I 'owed Kit could wvuuk VM puling uoii iiuui litiru mat, oeing as thev-all played 'long of your all, and fit long of you.ull too ' Vvhtn tier foot was fairly in the path, the old woman delayed hor g iug to give Ruth another item ol news, overlooked iu stresB oi greater matter : ' 'T was uainod at tho sto' yeatiddy that thar war company at rszewell's;' not ther Now Torn gal, uother. aiiu've been thar some timo, and liable to stay, being satisfied 'long ot we-all s vittles. T.iia here's a man. Come yestiddy by train. Jim Bryant seed him, and 'lowed he war straight and insty. I uin t hearu whether bo fetched a- ohist or oomo in a bundle. Jim studied out 'twas ther New York gal's beuu.' CHAPTER Vlir. True to her promise, Ruth set out about her preparations at speed. While tho neglu boy Tsuy eaodled the horses stib interviewed mammy us to things required for a sick infant, and got them together. At the old womun's suggeatiun, too, she investigated an old ohest of drawers in her mother's room, and selected from tho hoard of half-Worn but sentimentally preserved baby -linen such articles as might bo needful. Alter its loug, uiuu- Landed journey, the little one's sauuury condition was finely to be deplorable bno pauked up also a buitia of milk, white sugar, and a few heavier provisions lor Kit s sustenanoe, addiug at' the last a few odd bus ot crockery. ' That pour oreutucu has come back to bars walls and naught else,' she mused, while making her ooiieotton. ' Any odda and euds the Uenirys may have left vagrant negroes have snapped up long ago, of course. I'll take a fryuig-puu oud a ooffee-pot, too, as well as a ooupie of comforts. For the rest of the neoessaries Kit must levy on other , neighbors until ho oun make defiuite arrbngemente. The ride through the woods was enjoy able, for tho atmosphere was bracing tram the liuht frost ot the Drevious ntoht,. m.H 'redolent with rich autumn odors. Wild 'grape-vines netted the roadside, heavy wiili aoid blaok clusters; ilie pursimmun- trees showed a thick studding of tawny fruit upon every bare twig, and iu sheltered nooks and low places oupnurbiu blossomed, lilao and white and scarlet love-viuo tangled glor iously, and belated ' black oyed Susans' made sunset . putubua ot color. Beside the. pathway meandered a brisk mountain brook, sione'-kbt, ailU"Jfringed on' its witn wild gentian and feme, witu a ioitier top -growth of dogwood, sassafras, and- water-poplar shoots, amidst tbinkots of spioowood and , marsh willows. Ovorhoud gray equirrols j leaped nimbly among tho branohos, and I deftly popped nuts into knot-holes and I erannias, g/iruoriug tho wood hurvest with thrift. Along the pathway ahond a rabbit loped slowly, and Rath put hor.horso into a run for flip, plousuro of Booing tho oroatura mend bis p>|co to lopg leaps, and thon dart sideways into tho bushes, whoro his brown fur mado "him indistinguishable from the fallen loaves ns lio.tquattod in form, with his ootton- tail hidden. . When Ruth entered the olearing in whioh the oabin Btoud, the sun had passed the meridian and tho light-rays woro slanted to an angle whioh brought out the soft grays and browns of tho old logs, tho red of the oldy ohinking, and tho mellow duskiness of the shingles, with dofinito ' shnrpnoss. A light line of smoko roso from tho chimney and lay in aerial spirals against a back ground of forost. Rath dismounted at tho rough poroh, bidding Tony hitoh the horses and bring in the baskot and bedding. Despite Mrs Wheat's preparations, tho intorior of tho oabin chiliad hor by ite pervasive atmosphere of desolation. The door of tho shed-mom, at tho baok, huug forlornly open, giviug a oon tinuui ion of tho dirt and barrannoes whioh Roomed to intensify it. Through tho door-Way and the uasatisfaotory small - panod window the light entered hardly, and iu oroos ourreats, The unsightliuoBS of the plaoe wan inoreasod bv a papering of news paper illustrations all ovor one sido, largely thraddod, and hanging with the grimy, pasiod sido outmost. Those unsavory deoorations tho breeze toyed with, Bhaking them about, oud producing with thorn a olever imitation of tho souilling and soratoh- ing of rats. Tho only point of redemption in tho soono were tho hearth, whioh had been swept clean with a pine bough, and the fireplace, wherein was a low blaze, surmounting bright omkors. On ono sido of tho henrth was a rough benoh, formerly nsed as a support for the 1 boo gums,' und beside it tlie box aonvortod by Mrs Wheat into a bed for the ohild. As tho door darkened with the entering guest, Kir. Gentry rose and faood it. He wns a short, thick sot man, and stood awkwardly by reason of the wooden pin whioh supplied the plaoo of his left leg, gone from the knee down. His faoo was oaro- woru and rugged, with an obstinate mouth, and a look of hopoleflsncss in his oyos whioh required but littlo to turn it into desperation. ' YVith luck against him Boomed written all over tho man. Ho had a child's nursing Dottie in ms nana, and the brim of his Ehabby wool hat was flattened sgainst tho ernwn, so as to leave sight unimpeded. Ruth aomo forward at onoe, with extended hand and pleasant words of greeting. ' Mrs iVhoat told mo about your getting homo last ' night and finding no one,' she -xpliiihod, 1 and also that the baby was siok. I onoio over to see if I oould help you.' Tnero w as in her tone and manuor no hint, of puironugo, only straightforward kindness as irom ono human being to another. Tho hard lines about the man's mouth rolaxed a little, uud the glonm iu his eyes lifted. ' I'm ubloeged to you,' ho replied, simply ; ' and ther ohile needs women-folks' hearing badly. Ho air fevered some, and hev been fur a weok. He's done quit relishing his vittles. ' i'wur a bard liok finding all my flitted. I ' He paused abruptly, and gvzsd straight away, over hor head. it wad all hard, evory bit of it,' assented Ruth, uontly. 'Mrs Wheat told me, and I'm sorrier than I can toll yoa. We played tcgobhur, you know ' j it was a womanly touoh, and made just I differenoe between pity audeympathy. The rough follow had fiaeness enough to appre ciate it. His lips twitohed and bis eyes moistened. He made no response in words, but he lot her tuko the obild's bottle from hi.-, bund uud assume undisputed authority. ' Perhaps the milk is sour,' she suggested. 1 That muy bo the reason he won't take it. Havo you tuBted it ?' ' Nuw'm,' tho father admittod. ' I p'mtly do despise Bwoot milk myself, so I never thought about sampling his'h.' Ruth oiuilod superior and emptied the ooutonts of tho boctlo behind the fire. It waa of the gravest impurtanoe, she assured him, that iutanta' food should bo pure and frosfi. Thou she despatched hipi to the spring for water and turned to the ohild. It was ourled, like a kitten, on its father's vest in the box of arnmatio pine-tags, and covered with a oheokod Bhswl whioh Ruth recognized as belonging to Mrs Wheat. It was miserably puny, with purple veins showiug under its pallid skin, and groat, dark shadows under its eyes. Its little frame npcmed to Ruth nothiug but a skeleton ; its lunula woro like birds' olaws, audits olothing was miff, unoomfortable, and malodorona. But lor the need of more praotioal compass ion, Ruth oould have wopc over it. Even tu her uupraotised eyes the stress of the little one appeared extreme, and she -umiuoned I'ony and despatched him at onoe tor Dr Tszewell, bidding him follow should the dootor bo froui home. It would not do now to trust to Mrs Wheat, she deoided. The old woman was on foot, and, besides, woula probably loiter and gossip by the wayside. Ruth found a battered tin. basin and an empty tomato oun, both water tight, in the ekud room, and, oat of sheer womanly revolt at the littlo one's appearanos, did the best thing possible for him — that is, uaministereu a not Data ana a ohange of raimuut. Don't you think be looks better ?' she inquired of Kit, who had withdrawn to the woud pile during the ablutions. 1 1 dunao,' the man answered, with buoolio bluntness. 'He's a sight oloaner, and hotter by that m'loh. 'To me, he don't avor nothing 'cept a fresh -hatohed oatbird. He don't hardly ape hnman.' Whioh was so absolnte a verity that it made Ruth winoo. The ohild refused his food fretfally, wailmg in a piteous undortone. After a while he dropped into a doze, whioh gradually deepened to stupor ; his pulse became small, quiok, and irregular; he coughed a littlo, feebly and spasmodically, uud hiB skin seemed almost to sear Ruth's oool hand when she touohed it. Time paesod, and her anxiety deepened. She glanced aorosa at the ohild's father, whn avuided hor eye and slouohed forward with ins elbows on his knees and hia face set hard. He understood that whioh W8R passing c. rough her mind by its reflox on his own. Pain quickens even ordinary intelligence to auuteuesB. About three o'olook oame the weloome olattcr ot hoofs, und Gentry rose awkwardly uui hurried out to meet the dootor. Ruih fuoed the door expeotuntly, her head lifted. The suu had rounded the oorner of the house, and its beams slanted through the soiled window- panes, touohing the woman's hair, and slipping downward to rost on ths oruw ot the babe on her knee. Through the door- way entered a stranger — a tali, square shouldered man, with hazel i-yoo under long lashes, and a heavy brown beard- — — — CHAPTER IX. Ruth's look proclaimed her disappoint ment. Medioal aid was. so sorely wanted A quiver passed over her faoe. The stranger ouihM forward and reassured her. ' Dr Tazewell was from home when the messenger arrived,' ho explained. 'The uaso seemed uruent. so I took the libsrtv nf coming in h's steiid. Mrs Tazewell advised it. She'd been talking with an old woman who was exoited about this ohild. Yon can .rust me. I am a dootor.' In hor reliof, Ruth . smiled up at him eurdiaUy. it was good of you to come,' she said. Taia buby seems very ill.' Sue made room on the benoh beside her, and tho physioian sat down and bent over the uhiid ou her lap. ' fHow long has he been comatose ?' in- . quired, after a rapid examination. ' Two hours oortainly,' sho responded. ' Soon nftor I got horo — about" half- past twolvo — ho bogtiu fretting, a fooblo, ruisor- ablo wail. Ho was dirty nud uuaomfortublo, ; so I took off Ills olothing and gauio him a hot bath. Was that wrong ?' ' No ; the host thing poosiblo, if you'd only gono furthor and givon liim somo whiskey and milk. Havo yon a oup and spoon oonvoniont, and u littlo milk P' Ruth indicated tho baBkot ou tho other sido of tho hearth. Tho dootor holped him self doftly, mixod a mild-toddy with a portion of tho contonts of hiB own pookot- flaak, and adminiBtored a spoonful or two to tho pntiont. Thon ho arrangod tho box more comfortably, with ono of Ruth's quilts, and took tho ohiid from hor. 1 Loavo him thoro for a whilo,' lio directed. ' It is bottor for him than boing bold. Now, what did yon do with that olothing f ' Ruth pointed out a dingy littlo heap behind tho benoh on whioh sho was seatod, and watohod this mastorfal stranger a triflo curiously whilo ho fished tho thinga out with a bit of kindling-wood and tossed thorn into the fire. Ho soomod to hor oven moro diroot and foroofnl than is usual with bis oraft. ' Ik tho disease oontagious ?' sho iuquired. ' Nut at all," ho answered. ' It is gastric fever. But there is no telling what infeotiou tho ohild has been exposed to. Mrs Tazj- woll gave mo to understand that the mother is dead and that tho fathor oarriod the baby from Gaorgia in his arms. Is that so ?' Ruth bowod assent, and thon gave him tho story, briofly, in outline. The priuoipa aotor iu it was busy with tho dootor's horse, whioh had boon riddon at spood, but ho might onter at any moment. Tho pathos of it atruok hor anew. ' Thoso pcoplo havo boon aonncoted with us for yoars, and havo lived on our land,' she voluntoored, in explanation of hor own own intrusion into tho affaic. This' man's father was my fathor's overseer, and wo ohildrou playod togethor. It grieved mo dreadfully to hear of tho trouble. He had no money, and it was tho only way open to koop hia promise to his dead wife. Did you notioe that he is oripplod P Then think of his getting hore last night to find an empty house and a oold hearthstone. Was it not hard?' Hor eyos fillod as sho spoke : she had, for the instant, lost sight of tho faot that he was a stranger, and lifted her glance to him as frankly and unoonsoionsly as a ohild might have done. The dootor returned her gaze for half a seoond, and thon looked away. A tender- nuturod woman, he deoided. and one whoBO heart was prone to pnll the wool over tho eyes of her reason. And, man- liko, he admired hor for it, feeling more drawn to her' than to any woman he had mot tor yoars. It is never the woman with uo nonsense about hor who gets the firmest hold upon men. ' Tne oxporieuoe was protty rough,' he admitted. ' But tho fellow would have shown more tenderness by less preoipitatiou. The ohild was too young.' Ruth was instantly on the defensive. He oonld not know,' she deolared. ' An ignorant man, with no experienoo with babies. His thought was of his promise and of his wife's wish. According to his light, he did hi- best.' ' Illogioal and partisan,' thought the dootor ; ' a thorough woman. I would not be surprised if she has baokwoods prejadioes in favor of domestio duties, the supremely of man, and a hereafter of rowarde and punishments. Abont half a dozen yeara of individualism and dominanoo of the ego, this sort of thing is refreshing. I Aloud he made no aomment, for Kit Gentry stumped iu with an armful of wood , for the fire, and was promptly pounood on by the medioal man and put through a oross- examination as to the ohild's previous aonditionB and symptoms. In the oeurse of tho talk it transpired that Kit, in his home ward progress, had passed through two infected regions ' one, a town in oentral Georgia where yellow fever had been pre valent, and another, in North Oarolina, whore there had been sovoral burials from small- pox. If the follow had set out on a germ- quest, it did not seem, to ono of his hearers, aB though fuller or moro varied opportunities would have been nocessary. And the faot that, aoooiding to his own account, Kit had ' oomo a-iamping through, like a snake hunted hop-frog,' tho moment he beoome aware of the presence of diseaso in a looality, did not, in the medioal mind, render tho situation innocuous. To the dootor, for the nonce, tho fragipathetio mountaineer was degraded into a peram bulating germ. distributor; He chewed tho end of liis monstaohe as he listened, and before Kit, in recital, had hopped safely away from the seoond infeotiou, he was busy emptying his pooketB of the bottles of bismuth, oalomel, and other possibly needed drugs, with whioh Mrs Tazewell had loaded him, in eoaroh of the prayer and disinfectants with whioh he had provided himself. Rath watched him with interest. Her ohief knowledge of antisoptios was derived from Dr Tazewell's diatribes against that whioh he was pleased to designate as the idiotio superfluity' of Professor Lister's theory. When ho had diluted his oarbolio aoid to his mind, the dootor advanosd upon Ru'h with tho preoislon and foroe of a oonqaoring army. ' Be so good as to stand in the light, young lady,' he ordered, ' while I diainfeot you ;' whioh he proceeded to do, syBtem- utioally, and from the throat down. ' It is the ounoe of prevenliin,' quoth he, ' and yon held the baby in yonr lap, of oourse, while yon ohanged him, and very possibly 'handled his olothing afterwards.' He oiroled around her at short range, and Ruth lift- d her eyes to him with a laugh in them. His head was a trifle onward, and his eyeB intent on hie work, for he was direoting tho fall of the atomized drag on her bosom and shoulders. Something in his position, the sweep of his lushes, the beauty of hie forehead, or the mutinous fall of a slightly grayed look of hair aoross it, touohed, in a shawdy way, a well-nigh intangible asBooiation. It was as though the ghost of a forgottou harmony of the faintest suggestion of a onoo- liked perfume had been reflexed from the infinite upon tho woman's spiritual senses. The passing was instantaneous, a wind olown shiver of mist, but it modified the expression of tho eyos uplifted to the physician's grave faoe, and also invested that faoe with an interest other than the situation oalled for — an interest utterly removed from that esoferio afflatus whioh humanity, for want of a finer definition, calls sexual attraction. Unoonsoione of that whioh had happened, the dootor's gaze followed tho movements W aiwuxu) nuiuu uiuuiuiotQU kUU flUbkla and bulb with aoouBtomed touches. W hen the job had been completed to his satis faction, his oonntonanoe became illumined with shameloss self-approbation. (To bo continued.) 