Itapisf!# bTOM-TOSSED. CHAPTER XXII. a'HE MEK AUK KKLKASKD. ' What have you there?' said I. 'Nothing, Jess, nothing,' he an swered, letting fall his hand. ''?Why not tell me V I exclaimed. ' Is it a pistol V ' ' Yes,' he replied with a little hesi tation ; and a darkness came into his face as ho said, ' Thank God, Quill went forward when I told him. ^ In another minute I must have shot him.' ' Oh, Richard,' cried I, clasping my hands, 'for God's sake donotcarry such a horrible temptation to your passions about with you. ' Hush !' he exclaimed, looking in the direction in which the carpenter stood steoring. I am one of twelve, and I know my men. Say no more about it, J essie ;' and he spoke so sternly that the protest I was about to repeat died away on my lips. I had guessed by the manner in which he clapped his breast, when he bade the ' crew go forward, that he had a pistol there ; yes I was not so certainly con vinced but that the confirmation of my suspicion affected me like a violent blow bringing home with unbearable emphasis the character of our peril, bjr giving me to see how lie had prepared himself for it. His glancc happened to fall upon his sextant, they lay upon_ tho skylight. He instantly took it up and said, ' I must go below to work out these sights. They had utterly passed from my mind. Stay 011 deck, Jess, till I return, and should the steward or cook approach the fore- scuttle — that little hatch there just before the windlass — call to me though tho skylight.' So speaking, ho left me, just going to tho binnacle, and saying something to the carpenter, and looking up as he spoke, as though re ferring to the quantity of canvas on the bark and then narrowjy scanning the horizon to judge of the weather, and also to see if there was any vessel in sight. It seemed strange indeed to me to be walking tho deck as if in command; ii ? ° il... ? ? i„. ior mis was wie leeuug rcsaonsibility to keep watch that my husband had put upon mc. ^ 1 knew what he feared was that the cook or the stewurd might in his absence sneak forward and liberate the men ; who, should they be let loose in this way, were vary likely to be hurried into ex tremities by their rage at having been battened down in the small forecastle nml tli rj'n fou cd with hunccr and thirst if they did not return to their duty. Accordingly, I kept my eyes closely fixed on that part of the vessel ; but all the time I was wondering how long this unhappy and dangerous business j was to last, whether and good would come of my going to the men, and en deavouring to make peace, and, above all, how we should manage, far out as we were in the Atlantic, and without a man to trust to, even among the the four who had not directly mutined \- — i e. the mates, steward, and cook — if the continued* obstinate in their re fusal to work the vessel. My imagination, always most active when I was least thankful for its sug gestions, painted that darksome in terior forward for me, and, although I do not know what sort of appearance the inside of the forecastle presented, I could easily figure a sort of gloomy cave, dimly lighted by an oil lamp, the whole made resonant by the wash and hollow thunder of the bow wave, as it roared from the cutwater, and picture the faces of the crew, pallid as ghosts, in the siekly light, as the men sat upon their eliests and conferred upon what was best to be done now that they were imprisoned, and there was no chance of obtaining provisions, unless thev turned to. It was a strange imagination to come into my head ; but. the mere thought of the crew would inspire it when my mind went to them from the beautiful, sun- bright, breezy picture of the bark, aud the glorious expanse of curling, sparkling, yeasty sea. Presently, turning my head I no ticed Mr. Short standing squarely at the wheel, and steering with a dogged faec. Little as I relished addressing him after his manner when I had be fore accosted him, I fancied that something might come of an exchange or worus witn we iouow ; ana as I could command the forecastle as well as from tho wheel as from the sky light, I walked aft. ' This is a very unhappy business, Mr. Short,' said I. 'What is the cause of the men mutinying in this manner 1' ' You heard their answers to tho eap'n, mum,' lie replied. ' They say there aren't enough good hands among 'em.' ' lint is that really the case, or is it a mere pretence to give my husband and Mr. Heron and yourself trouble?' T He turned his eyes slowly upon me as much as to say, ' don't bracket us with your husband ; that's a kind of sop that won't do here,' and exclaimed, ' some of the men aren't up to much. The ship must bo worked, if wc don't want to be drowned, an' it's.hincon venient enough to me, mum. Here am T fetched oil' my dinner at'ore I'd taken three biles at it. T was about to oiler to hold tho wheel while he went for his dinner ; but instantly thought, No ! if heoft'ers ! to release the men. T shall be unable lo leave the wheel to (?all my htisb.'ind. | So I said, ' Shall I tell the steward to | bring your dinner here ! ' j ' Thank yo, mum, I can wait,' he answered gruffly. 'I suppose thl- re'll be aru./9Jsfc.o' this job presen^K-^iuidr ? then 'sdmebody'll relieve me.' 'Did you ever hear of a crew mu tinying so early on a voyage as our men have ? ' I asked. 'Ay,' he roplied, 'scores of times. Why, pretty nigh every day ye may hoar of crews refusing to man the ! windlass, and- that means that they mutiny afore they begin the voyage.' ' But not without some grievance — something to justify them in refusing to 2o to sea 1' 'Oh, if they think themselves short handed, they'll mutiny fast enough,' he answered, with an unpleasant grin. ' A good many sailors 'ud reckon our men very patient for waitin' so long aforo they came aft with their troubles.' ' I have heard of mutinies, but was never in one before,' said I ; ' but if I thought the men — even in stories about mutinies— mad, what must I think of the reality when I see this vessel as good as deserted left to tho mercy of the weather, with all the crew confined in the forecastle, bound to perish if the bark should founder, and yet, apparently valuing their lives so lightly, that in order to bring us all into danger they have to invent a grievance ? ' (lTO-,,11 4.1, „ 4.1 ? 1 ? 4- !' i,„ on, U1MU9 inittK juu suj, nv ic sponded insolently ; ' but I, who'm no more than a fo'ksle hand, though I'm stjded second mate and carpenter, and who knows more about the life forrards than ever you can, am not going to call the men liars right off 'cause they come aft and makes a statement. I'm not with them, and I'm not against 'em. I've got nothing to do with it. But if, as you say, they're willing to lose their lives than do the ship's work, don't ye think folks ashore would take that to signify that their grievance must ha' been pretty real to make 'em agreeable to go to the bottom sooner than let them in authority have their own way ? ' If this, thought I, is a specimen of the logic this sea-lawyer uses in his conversation with the men, small won der that the}' mutiny ; and, as the meaning behind his reply grew clearer to me, I felt more than even porsuaded that much, if not all, the present mis chief was owing to the mates, who, finding the crew willing, as, unhappily, most merchant seamen are, to hunt about for grievances, had quietly stirred them up in their mutinous and menacing posture. I was now startled by the noise of heavy thumping forward. It lasted several moments, and when it ceased the cook came out of his galley, and, looking my way, roared out that he was so-and- so'd if he didn't believe the men were suffocating. The knocking was repeated, and I ran to tho sky light and called Richard. He eame on deck at once ; but had no need to ask what was the matter, for on his head omerging from the companion he heard the knocking plainly. « Al, i» i,„ ti' ? ? ? ing to their senses, are they. Mr. Heron,' he cried, putting his head down the companion, ' come on deck, and bring the handcuffs you'll find on the table in my cabin with, you.' The mate arrived very promptly, holding the handcuffs. ' Now,' continued Richard, taking the handcuffs from him, and looking at him sternly, 'am I to reckon upon your support ?' 'Certainly,' answered Heron who .was very pale ; and I was not surprised that he should be so, for there was something of real desperation in my husband's manner, such as might easily have persuaded the cowardly unprin cipled fellow before him that any hesi tation now might cost him his life. ' Then follow me,' said Richard, and strode hurriedly forward the mate going after him, and making, I thought with his narrow shoulders and long shore clothes, bnt a poor figure beside mv husband. ? AVlien thev reached th« forecastle, Richard stooped over the hatch, without touching it, and called out, ' Below there ! have you had en ough of this 1 Are you tired I was to far off to catch the answer, or even to hear the faintest murmur of it ; but a reply was made for Richard called out again, 'I have more pati ence than you ? I can beat you at this game ! Are you willing to turn to ? If so, say so, and I'll let you out. If not stop where you are — for we're bound +--- Slinrra Tmrnn unrl w,-'ll and if you can do without air and water and provisions till wo get thero, good — you shall have your way.' Here the men answered again, on which my husband said, 'Very well ; I'll open the scuttle, but Isaac Quill must come up first. If any man offers to follow without my leave I'll shoot him. I'll put a bullet through his head tho moment it appears. So mind yourselves !' And there was a ring in his voice that could have left them in do doubt of his determination. He then opened the top of the scuttle ; but when Quill stepped forth my hus band with a quick movement closed the hatch again, and before Quill could gain his sight, blinded as lie was by coming from the darkness into the streaming sunshine, the handcuffs was put on him and lie was standing like a felon. All this I could plainly see 'from where I stood. My heart beat violent lv. I never knew what was rm in--- in happen next ; what dreadful tragedy might spring from Richard's despara tion on the one hand and the men's undisciplined passions on the other. My husband now said something to the mate, who, taking Quill by the shirt-sleeve, came along the deck with him. Heron's lips moved as t'liev aj-- proachcd, as] though he spoke in a t'ery soft voice to Quill ; probably hi; said something to eycourage him, or to excuse himself for taking the part he was now playing. [To be continued |. 