Multum In Parvo In England the number of women em ployed as printers inofeases with every year ; but they are still more numerous in America , where about 8000 women are emnloved in printing offices. In London there aro about 200 women compositors. Out of a total of about 7,000,000 adult men in tho United Kingdom from which trade unionists are recruited, only about 1,490,000 belong to the unions, and of 1,000,000 .women — excluding domestic ser vants and all women not employed in ' factories and workshops — 119,775 are trade . unionists. I have sometimes thought when looking on a church full of children there is nothing more beautiful' in the sight of God. A beautiful garden of roses, lilies, and lovely flowers is sweet and beautiful to the eye. But in the sight of God, not tho most beautiful garden fashioned by the hand of _ man, not oven Paradise, not even tho Garden of Eden with all its glory .and beauty of flower and fruits, was so bright and glorious as aro tho souls of little, children in whom the Holy Ghost dwells. Such a scene is sweeter and brighter in the siarht of God than any garden man over formed. — Cardinal Manning. Some interesting figures havo boon pub lished as to tho various salaries that are paid to Canadian statesmen, from which it ap pears that Dominion Ministers havo salaries of £1,400 per annum, except tho Premier, who gets an extra £200. The senators aro appointed for life by the Crown. Thoy are eighty-one in number, and are paid Sessional allowances and railway fares. The House of Commons consists of 213 members, elected for five yoars, and each member receives £200 as a Sessional allowance, with travelling ex penses to and from Ottawa ; but he forfeits £1 12s for every day's absenco beyond a cer tain limit fixed for each Session. Ministers of the Ontario Government receive a salary of £800, except tho Premier, who gets £1,400, and members are paid £120 each Session. There was recently an article published in the Revue des Deux Mondes seriously outlining a fresh scheme for tho invasion 'of Great Britain. It proposes that 1500 steam pin naces be built and collected in canals and rivers leading to the French coast, that each - be armed with Two quick-firing guns," and that they convey an army of 170,000 men and 500 cannon, with the necessary ammu nition, stores, etc. The cost of construction is estimated at 150,000,000 francs, and the pinnaces are to be provided witli torpedo- boat attacks. Tho writer of tho article says that there would be no difficulty in getting the boats across, pointing out that Napoleon had a more difficult task at "Wagram, where he crossed the Danube in the face of tho Austrian army. The English coast defences are classed as being a negligible quantity, and tho. operation is looked upon by the writer as being merely a matter of a few hours. Three divisions of 14,500 men each are to be landed in Ireland, and the Irish are to be armed with old Gras rifles. The English- papers " poph-pooh " the scheme, but the French papers discuss it as being a perfectly sound proposition; : ' The use of oxygen as a means of; buttress ing up the tottoring.life, which was so sue- . . cessful in tho case of Mr. . Kipling, is by po means. new, to medical men, who .frequently ; ' omploy it in cases of pneumonia. It is not generally known, however, that there is an". : institution in London wliero oxygon gas is » applied to the treatment of all kinds of wounds. Tho inventor of the sysfcom is Dr.. . George Stoker, an Irishman. The origjn of the " new cure" appears to bo from obsorva- - tions made by tho doctor when Stafford House Commissioner in the Zulu War. Tho Zulus ctirried their wounded to the hilltops and, without using any kind of .surgical dressing, left , them exposed to the pure moun tain air, with a result quite wonderful in the way of healing. Dr. Stoker reasoned that what was so good for savages might be equally . beneficial to civilised beimrs. The treatment ' has been in practice for moro than two years at the Oxygen Home, in Fftzroy Square. The patients lio in bed, with the affected part enclosed in a box-like structure, into Avhich a constant steam of oxygen gas, more or less diluted, is passed. The results are said to be highly satisfactory. " Wooniora " in the Australasian vory. truly remarks that reverence for parents is not ono of the weaknesses of the Australian native. " In loading hay," lie says, " it is always tho father who stands on the ground and forks it up whilst the son sits on the load and spreads it. The father and mother get up and milk the cows, and the boy drives tho cart to tho factory. This is but natural. It's no use keeping parents at all unless they arc going to be useful. The Chinese are the greatest respecters of parents in the world, and what is the result of it ? Seo what a nice moss tho system has landed them in. Tho following may be taken as a sample of tho go-ahead Australian style. A party had come by coach to tho terminus, and there was another trap to meet them and take them on to their des tination, a drive of about fourteen miles. Tho party was larger than hud been expected, and when they were packed in thero'wasnoroom for the mother of the young fellow who drove. She stood on the road, and he calmly drovo off. ' Stop ! Stop !' cried one, ' you are leaving your mother.' ' Oh, she'll be all right,' was the calm reply. 1 She can get home with the rabbit cart.' There was noth ing Chinese about that. This is ft white man's country." 