VAGARIES':'- OF CUPID. Of all subjects marriage is perhaps the most generally interesting— except- to tlie married.. The following, from, the London "ilanv Mail," is a catalogue, of curiosities in matrimony:—; . Probably the briefest courtship on record was that of J olin Pate •" and "Mary Ann Bass, who were married in August, 1819,-in a small town in New York State, after an acquaintanceship of one hour. A poet of the period thus immor talised the event:— Is tliis not angling well, I ask, , . Such tender bait to take? He caught in one. short hour a Bass, ■ ■ The Bass, though, caught the Bate. . On the other hand, long-extended court ships are by no means uncommon. A con spicuous one was that between Captain .Thomas ■ Baxter, of Quince.v, and Miss Whitmore, who -were united at Bridge water in 1783. The bridegroom" was 66 years- old, and the bride 57. -Their wed ding brought to a successful issue a pro tracted and tedious courtship of 48 years, which they both sustained with uncommon fortitude. Coming down to our own times, the year 1892 is noteworthy for, perhaps, the most expeditious marriage ceremony ever per formed. It occurred in the States. The contracting parties desired to catch a par ticular boat, so a justice made them hus band and. wife in a carriage while the horses were being rapidly driven to. the wharf.. A minister refused to -unite the couple, and only ten minutes remained before the departure of the steamer; but even in that-brief space a justice "was found and the loiot was Ted. The happy pair caught. the boat. . ' Marriages in queer places are but the natural outcome of this novelty-loving age. In 1897 a wedding, was.gone through in a den of lions,-when, the bride and.bride groom, the clergyman, and .as many of the bridesmaids as could find room, "entered the den, and the entire ceremony was" gone through. There were two lions in the cage, but they appeared too amazed to show fero city. - .- •- > ' During the Chicago World's Fair a mar riage took place on the Ferris wheel, at a height of 250 ft. above' the ground.' Another couple chose the inside of the head of the huge.figure of the Goddess of Liberty in New York Harbor for their marriage. Very quaint, too, was the idea of tlie bridegroom who chose a spot in a cemetery close to the grave of his first wife as the scene for his second marriage ceremony. Weddings have been solemnised in bal loons, and in coal mines, by telephone, and on the phonograph, in show windows, and on kouserroofs; in fact,, in all sorts of places have twos heen made ones, not excepting death-beds. In connection with death-bed marriages here is a remarkable incident. Some, years ago a young Hungarian military officer was requested to pay a visit to. a rich widow of sixty, who, the doctors said, was on the" point of death. The soldier went and the lady said that if he married her all her wealth would be his. Thinking the chance too great to be thrown away, he agreed, and they were married. Then a remark able, thing happened; .the supposed dying woman picked up her health again, and lived for another twenty years, eventually going hence in 1890. It is a truly sad story, as . the young man's life was ruined by his unhappy marriage. • The chaplain "of a county gaol once mar ried a. convict. The clergyman was a widower with quite a retinue of children. This exceptional union would not have been known ""but for the fact that the_ wife neglected to report' herself on her tieket of-leave, and the officials of the Penal De partment complained accordingly. In- con sequence of this the chaplain was appointed to another prison. ' - . ' ' Many unexpected things have happened at weddings, but it is rare indeed that" one hears of a bride becoming insane imme diately after the ceremony. _ Sueh a case, however, occurred at a marriage in Stutt gart." 1 The couple were returning home from the registry office' when suddenly the bride sprang from the carriage and ran to her mother's house, where she threw her self on the floor screaming that ghosts were following her. The unfortunate lady had gone raving, mad, and was taken to a lunatic asylum. In 1892/at Ckristchurch, New- Zealand, a woman minus arms was married, the ring being placed on the fourth toe of her left foot. - Such an event has occurred be fore.'- In-the' marriage register- of the church of St.-James,-Bury St. Edmunds, is this singular record :^-1832, November -5, Christopher Nemson, -. Charity Morrell. Charity Morrell being entirely without arms the ring was placed upon the fourth toe of her right foot, and she wrote her name in this register with her right foot. 