The Secret of Monks wood Waste. CHAPTER 1.— (Continued.) With tho last word the door openod, and Lieutenant Cyril PagetTrovanion, of tho — th Hussars, stood before his brother knights. Younger than oven those youthful warriors — barely nineteen — but towering above the tallest of them bv a full head, and superb in his fresh young manhood. Tall, strong, black-brpwed, with tho darkly handsome face of the handsome, hot-blooded Trovanions — -flashing black eyes, and tho magnificent pro portions of a muscular Apollo. As ho entered the bell tinkled, tho lights flashed up, tho curtain rose, tho orchestra crashed out, and Miss Rose Adair, tho goddess of the evening, bounded lightly on tho stage. A thunder of applause greeted tho appear ance of their favourite — her last appearance, as they know. A slender little croature — a more fairy sprite, with luminous dark eyes and a wonderful fall of yellow-brown hair. 'With these amber-dripping tresses went a' skin of pearly whiteness, just tinted,, over so faintly, on the oval cheeks with rouge. As Mademoiselle Ninon, tho witching little ffrisette — singing, dancing, coquetting — sho acted con amorc — filled tho house with tumults of applause, and covered herself with bouquets and glory. More than onco the great dark oyes flashed electric glnncos at tho group of young officers — personal friends, all, of Miss Adair — flashed oftenest of all on stalwart Cyril Trovanion, aB ho towered like Saul, the King, above the heads of his fellow-men. Tho vaudeville was over. Singing and smiling to the last, tho lovely Rose sung and smilod herself off tho stage. Tho young officers had flung thoir elaborate bouquets, and Cyril Trevanion, with a smile1 on his handsomo face, had drawn a knot of Russian violets from his button-bole, and threw thorn .last of all. And Roso Adair had lifted tho violetB, aB sho vanished, with one parting flash of her oyo at tho donor — one parting, electric smilo. , .. / ' Oh, my prophetic soul I' growled Ensign Stanley, 'what did I tell you, fellows? j say; Trevanion, the talk of tho club is that you aro going to make a wife of Rose and a noodle of yoursolf. Why, tho beggar's gone !' ' And very lucky for you that ho has. Trovanion's a dead shot, and not tho man to be patiently stigmatized as a noodlo. He's gono to drive to Brompton with Miss Adair. Vm vidis ! Lot us cro. vou follows. We shall boo the lovely Roso no moro.' Tho last speaker was quite right. Lieu tonant Trovanion was driving swiftly aloag to Miss Adair's Brompton cottage, while tho youthful officers wero seeking their clubs. The little actress, mufllcd in furred wraps, for tho October night was black and bitter, cuddled comfortably beside .hiu, as ono well used to being there. 'And you really go to-morrow, Roso P' ? ' I really, do, Lioutonant; Trovanion — back to dear Paris— charming Paris. Ono can not onduro your horrible English climato f oroyer, and besides — ' Sho broke off; . - .-? ? ' ,x.' ?.; ' Besides what, Rose P' ' Oh, nothing !' with a littlo laugh—' only ono will rogrot mo hbro, and there I Have .niariv frionds.' ?' You haVo many frionds whorovor you go. .But no ono to rogrot you hero, Roso P You know better than that. Don't go.' '♦Don't go I The king wills it I' with a scornful littlo laugh. ' Ishall go to-morrow ?morning, sir, as fast as railway and stoamor can. take mo, , buok to, my beloved Paris, ?whore' tho sky is blue, tho sun shines, tind one has frionds who roally caro. for ono. ?There's a good timo coming. Ponding that good timo — horo wo are at homo, so don't talk.itonBansQ, but bomo in. ' It's nearly mid night, a'ud not proper, I daro.say ; but Mrs/ DobbB, my koopor, is up, and Mrs. DobbB is a Tory dragon of propriety. You shall have ono last littlo Huppor with mo, and then it olmll Jin.- ' Furo theo well, and if forovor,' oto. Oomo.'. . . ,? ; 'Lioutpnanfc' Trovanion needed no socond in vitation. Tho lighted windows of tho littlo I oottago looked very. inviting against tho blaok, Ootobor ..night, and tho coquettish, baokward glances of its youthful mistress moro inviting ^bill;- ^ i. . ??.?? '-.'. ' ,-v-. '? ; Ho fastonbd his cab-horse to tho.gato first, whorotKaV trusty, spbod had many a timo boon fnsfceupd before, nnd folio tvod Miss Adair into tho houso, Sho lod him into a brilliantly tlightod littlo rpomV whore a ooal-firo glowed L 'genially;5- and 'roso-bblourod oui'tainB shut our tho cheorleBB night. ' . v ?-' Under the .ohandolior a supper-table; sot for two.gjiUorod with ; glass .and silver. jFor an ?'?''aotroBB in 'a ' third-rato London thoatro, ' MiflB Roso' Adair .know how. to live. ;' ?' ? ' Sho throw lior furred wraps into tno arms. .o£ a lUtlo plump' old! wbihJin -who cftmojfor-; wand to groot lior, nud omcrgod in a dross of ^bright purplo, triminod with' rich whito fur. ' 1 Over this glowing robe hor amber hair fell maglittoring showor'to ft tiriy wafst. you 1 iaight harp spanned \vith onohand, Atod tho ?groat block oyos had a -streaming light, tlio, 'roBobua mouth danoiug with smiles, and flho; was bo sparklingly bright and .protty that it was a delight ouly'to look at hor. ?? ? 'Ib supiiur quito ready, Mrs. Dobbs P Pray -flay yos,' you old troamiro of housokoopors, for :il 4m ' absolutely famished. Not , romantio, Mr. Trovauion, bufc iruo. You know your docioo, Lioutonaut Trovanion, sit down .and Mco- yourself do%htful,;fortho laatiimo*; 'In nn hour prooiBoly,'1 glnnoiug ooquottiBhly; *i hor wfttob; ' I flbill t*um-:yon 'out..? «? -?? 'Merciless aB usual. Turn mo out to-night, and I will come back to-morrow.' ; ' And find me gone. Will you carve these birds. They look tempting. And I will help myself to a glass of this Maraschino — the water of life. And, my dear Mrs. Dobbs, you may go.' Mrs. DobbB went, and Miss Adair and her guest oat their tete-a-tele supper — their last, as sho took caro to remind him every now and then. And how beautiful she looked, how brilliantly she talked, how gayly sho laughed — silvery little peals, showing pearl white teeth ! How bewitching she was altogether, words wero weak to tell ! Always fascinating, to-night Bhe outdid herself. And whether it was tho beady nature of his bright- little hostess's wines, or the moro delicious intoxication of hor witch eries and loveliness, or both combined, Cyril Trovanion completely lost his head, and almost before he knew it, found himself passionately, and a littlo incoherently, telling her he loved her madly, and begging her to be his wife. Miss Adair only laughed ia hor tinkling way, and shook back hor magnificent, curling hair. ? ??»'. You. don't nyan it, Lieutenant Trovanion. What! tho princo of Mbnkswood and tho lord 'of Trevanion marry a littlo London actress, who never had a grandfather ! Why, the ghosts of all the dead and gone Trevanions would rise, grim and revengeful, out of tho family vaults, to wreak their fury and vengeance on tho head of their degenerate descendants I A Trevanion make a low marriage ! It is past, ono, inon ami! Let us shako hands, and say good-byo !' ' I will never say good-bye until you promisoto bo my wife. Don't laugh at me, Roso. I must marry you. I will marry you ; and all the Trovanions and their pride may go ? ' ?A. littlo whito hand flow up and covered his mouth. ' Don't swoar, please ; I don't like it.. You will laugh ' at your folly to-morrow. Say good-night, and goY' ' Noror without yonr promise, Rose. Rose, I thought you loved me P' ' The protty face drooped against his coat sleeve. ' You know I do,' in a reed-liko whisper. ' Then bo my wife. Instead of going to Prance to-morrow, cokio with mo to Scot land.' ' You roally mean it, Cyril !' ' I shall blow my brains out if you don't. Say you will come, Rose. I lovo you madly. I can't lot you go ! Say you will come !' ' To Scotland ! But a Scotch marriago is no marriago; and, besides, you aro a minor, and cannotjegally contract a marriage nuy- whoro.' 'In Heaven's name ! how.mnny objections will you raise, Rose P' the young man cried, flushed and impetuous. 'If tho Scotch marriago does not suit you, we can easily bo romarried upon our return tp England ; and as for being a minor, there will bo no ono to disputo tho legality of our union. Not. my father— ho never refused me anything yet. Ho is not likely to begin now.' ' Oh, Cyril ! But this is not like anything olso. Men have disinherited only sons for less.': ', ; .:???: ' My father will not. And besides, ho .can not. . Monkswood Priory is entailed— comes to me, with its fertile acres, if. I woro dis inherited torraorrow. I will listen to no moro objections, Roso. You must say yos — you must bo my wife I I lovo you madly ! I j cannot live without you I My beautiful Rose, look up and say, ' Cyril, I love you, and I will go with you to-morrow !' ' Ho bent over hor, his handsome faoo flushed hot rod, his eyes glowing, alight with wine and lovo and excitement. She raised her dainty, drooping head at his bidding, and looked him f till in tho fftco, a glittering brightness in hoi' largo, dark oyes. - . ' I lovo you, Cyril,' sho repoatod, ' and' I will go with you to-morrow. Earth holds no dearer lot for mo than to be your wife. But if you repent, later, remember I have warned you.' . .,.-...-??:.-? ?? I will novor ropentl' ho cried,, wjth a .lover's rapturous kiss, 'Our honeymoon will last until our heads aro groy. In all broad England there is not another such happy man as Cyril Trovanion.' ? . .; ? Sho turned away hor head to conceal a smile — a smilo strangely akin to derision. It was gono like a flash. '? . ' And now I must turn vou out.' sho said,' gayly. ' I havo muohto. dobotwoen this and day-dawni Whothor ono goes to Pranoo, or to Gronta Green, ono must paok up, , It is Hhookingly iato besido. Mrs. Grundy will bo horrified. ????--..? . . : She pushod him playfully to tho door, Tho blaok Ootobor night was blaokor ,and ohillior than over, and tho bleak, wot wind blow damply in their faces.., Miss Adair shivered audibly. .. , 11 1 don t onyy. you your clrivo bact, vsno said ; ' and tho.rnin will overtake you if you don't hurry. Wo aro likely to run away in a ?dolugonio- morrow.' , ? :. ;, . 'Blissful to-morrow I' bxolairaod Cyril' Tirovanion. ,' ' Oomo rain and' lightning arid iempo&t;, so that thoy, bring, ino you, I shall thank thorn. For-tho last. timo, good-byo and ', good-night.' ? ,,; ? . ,,. ? '.'. '? A lovor-like embrace.: then tho vouncr man sprung lightly into, tho night-oab and whirled away. Roso Adair stood in the door-way until ho disappeared, donpito the raw, blowing of , tho, chill morning wind. Iii. tho darkness hor protty faco 'wore a triumphant glow.; . -; ?''I havo obnquored I' sho said, under hor breath.' ' I .willbo Cyril Troyanion's wifo, as I- know from tho, first I would, Poor fool ! And ho thinks I caro for him— a stupid boy 'ofninotbon I I'ho bldl ifo may go now, Mrs.i Cyril Trovanion, of 'Monkswood Hall,,/ may iook'upon tho past as a horrlblo dream, oyor audgonol' . , : ',-? : On tho oloso of. fcho , third dny a post-ohaiBO rattled up to tho door df an1 Aberdoon hotel, and Lieutenant Trovanion handod out' his brido. Tho ' Sootoh miat' hung, olammy over everything, tho sky was of. load, tho coming night was bleak hnd drear1; but tho faoo oil, the young oflippr was brighter that' a' sunset Bky., Was ho not a bridegroom of f our-'and-fcwonty hours'jstrinding, and was_ not this radiant littlo baauty boside him his bridoP .. ^ Thoy will show you to* your room, my darling, ho said. 'I will join you prosoutlyi! Horo is your travolling-bag . , It might Jiold tho crown diamonds by its weight and the oaro you tako of it, Tho sorvant will take it.' ' 1 will take it mysolf.' , Sho turnpd hor , baok: abruptly upon him as BhpBpolco, aud folio wod tho soryant .npBtaira. Sho dismiBsod tho -woman tho momont sho ontorod tho roomy and turned tho key in, tho door. The boxes had been sent up. She knelt down at onco boforo ono of them, un locked and unstrapped it. ' I will conceal it here,' sho said. ' He is not in the least likely to find it, in any case j but it is safer here.' She unfastened her travelling-bag and drew forth the contents ; whoso weight and hor solicitude about it had puzzled Lieutenant Trovanion. ,It contained but one thing — a brightly burnished copper box, securely locked and clasped. Tho littlo bride thrust this box out of sight amongst the garments in the trunk. ? ' ' Safe bind, safe find.' Whilst you are secure I am ' secure. I don't think Cyril Trovanion will over find mo out. The day that brings you to light soes tho last of Rose Trovanion. Roso Trevamon ! A new name, a now alias ! How many I havo borne ! Rose Lemoine, Rose Dawson, Rose Adair; and now — last brightest and best — high-sounding Trevanion ? What will be the next, I wonder, and which among them all will they carve on mv tombstone?' CHAPTER III. \- AT MONKSWOOD. . . ' And it all ends here I My ambitions dreams, my bouudless pjido, my grand aspir ations for him — it all ends here I In the hour when I loved him dearest, I would sooner havo slain him with my own hands than lived to see him fall so low !'. Ho was an old man, yet grandly erect in his sixtieth year ; straight as a Norway pine, broad-shouldered, deep-chested, royal-browed and bright-eyed, as it was in tho nature of tho Trovanions to bo. Ho was General Trovanion of Monkswood Priorv. or MonkBWood Hall. as, it was oftener named, and he hold in his hand an open letter from his only son, Cyril, The'lottor told him of that only son's mar riage — dwelling with lovor-liko rapture on his bride's peerless beauty, her transcendant sweetness and charms. It told- him that sho was the loveliest, tho most innocent, tho purest, tho gentloBt of her sex ; but it also told him tho awful fact there was no withhold ing — that she was an actreBS. ' ' Beautiful and puro as an angel from heaven I'' the old man quoted from tho letter, with a bitter snoor — ' this spotless danscuae, this artless cherub from tho boards of a third-rate London theatrol It used to be our1 boast that tho Trevanion blood nover bred fools or cowards. It has bred both in my son Cyril. Son ! From thiB hour ho is no longer son of raino. Yet ho is not quito a coward, either, or ho would hardly dare to face me horo,' For tho open letter told him that tho writer was coming to ?? Bunrd tha lion in hiBdenl ?- , Thu Douglas in htB hnll.' i And that, within a very fow hours after its receipt, Goneral Trevanion might look for a penitential visit from Iub hoir. ' I will not fotch Roso with mo, father,' tho young man wrote. 'I know what a crime a low marriage is in your oyos. I know bow you will revolt at first from tho idea of an actress. But only wait until you seo hor, my father, in her exquisite beauty and youth, and grace and artlessness, and you will lovo hor almost as doarly as I do.' , \ K Tho old lion read this passage, aloud again, and laughed outright in the bitter, intensity; of his scorn. ? - ,',_ ' I'ool ! idiot I driveler !' ho oried, with passionate contempt, his fio/co black' eyes ablazo. ' I could ourso the hour in which his mother gavo birth to so besotted an imbecile 1 What judgment has fallen on tho Trevauions, ? that tho lastf of their aamo —one of tho proudest and noblest that ever old England boasted — should render himself an object of derision to gods and men P Tho last of- his race did I say? Nay, Sybil is that — and. by tho otornal Hoavon! Sybil shall1 inherit overy shilling I possess,, every , aero , I command. The angelic actress from Drury Ln.no may soar baok to tho oolestial regions she hails from, with tho idiotio spooney of nineteen sho has dupod into, marrying hor, for all she will, over reign in Trovanion. Sybil Letnox shall bo my heireBS, and ho shall not inhorit the price of a ropo to hang himself !' 'He. dashed tho letter fiercely aside, and stnrtisd up, pacing up and down. t Tho grand old faoo was stormy with rtigo; tho fiery dark eyes, that novor lowered their light to friend or foor flashing with impotent passion. Rage, griofi sliame, all distorted the massive ooun tbiiaiioe, and tho sinewy hands clinched until the nails bled tho palms. ' And ho dare come horo ; he daro f ace mo ! I don't know what shall keop mo from shooting him down like a dog !'? ' ; . , : _ Ho strodo up and down the magnifioont | length of tho library, quite alone in bis impotent storms of fury, ... A spaoiouB and, splendid apartment, tho . wainscot linod with books from floor to coiling, busts ot graua oia Greek poots gazing serenely down on the lore ! of ages, and over the marble ohimnoyrptooo a j clock, with Amphy trite guiding a group of fiory sea-horses, in bronze. ; ,, . ' In the deep firo-placo where, for, four hun dred years tho blaze, of , yule had'rison high at , Christmas timo, a sea-coal .firo burned nowi its rod glow flashing fitfully , oh tlio' dark nimolinor anfl wainsootiniz on busts and pio turos, books, and bronzoa, quaint old Indian and Ohiriosp oabinots, and vasos as high as ;, your head.- ? ?'. :' - :; ,',''. ?' -:'?':'}'. '''':'l'..' '.'??? - - : Tho library was lightod by onp vast Tudor window with cu8liionod| seats^-ra window that was a study'in itself,1 an^1 which bvbrlppkod a wide vista of velvet la wn( cool, depths of fragrant fern and under wood; and' waving belts ofbeeoh and elm. '!'' ???:????.??? ? ? | A grand old place this Monkswood Hall— a; monastery onco in the days long gono when there had boon monks and monasteries all over Ensland, boforo tho Royal Bluoboard and hia rod-hairod daughtor oamo to banish, and burn; and behead.. And uudor tho loafy ? aroados of its primeval, forest, of its majestic oaks, and towering elm and copper beboh, the ghostly prior, .who had ruled thoro hut, walkod still, Bombro and awful, with. cowl and gown, ?in tho stormy moonlight, aud still black dead, of night. And some ghostly ourso had fall on on tlio usurping race of the 'bold,, bad'. Trovanions ', for tho legend ran, . that for, manv a . nicht boforo tlio doath of ; tho head' of the. houso, .a solemn boll tolled in thoao windy turrots— an awful boll,' that no mortal oyo might soo— no mortal hands might Tho Prior's Walk lay open to all — a wood land aiBlo, whprotho olms mot 4abova your hoad— whoro the nightingalo sung o' nights, and tho sward waB as omorald velvet— a long ayonue of groon boauty and delight, and a Bh'ort out to' tho Tillage But for all itslove linoBB and oonvouionco, thoro woro fow in all Spe^khavon who oaroa to br»TO tho ghostly hoiTors of the Prior'B Walk at nightfall. A grand and stormy old place this Monkswood — where the strong Trevanions, father and son, had reigned since the days of tho seventh Henry — ono of the show-places of the county. . The short November day was rapidly' darkening down, and the mystic depths of fern looked illimitable, seen from the stately Tudor window. The clock, above which the fair sea-goddess guided her fierce chargers, pointed to half-past four, and, a's tho night drew on, the wind roared moro wildly down tho vasts stacks of chimneys along the vast draughty halls, and around tho numberless gable ends. Goneral Trevanion glanced impatiently at the time-piece as the spectral gloaming came on apace, his massive face settled slowly into a look of iron grimness and determination. ' He must soon bo here,' he muttered, under his breath. ' For nineteen years every desire of his heart has been granted almost before the wish wflR rvrnvAFmorl. TJriw Tin will see how a Trovanion says no.' The libi'ary door was flung wide as the thought crossed his mind. ' Master Cyril, sir,' announced the old gray-haired butler, and noiselessly withdrew. General Trovanion stopped short in his walk, swung round and faced his son. The young man bad advanced eagerly, but with the first look at his father's face, he. halted, hesitated, stopped, and came to a stand-still by tho firo, : The old lion stood — a largo writing-table between them— drawn up to his full kingly height, his hoad thrown back, his proud ,nostrils dilated, his dark eyos flashing. Cyril Trovanion, very pale, but altogether daunt joss, encountered that look unflinchingly. So thoy met — father and son. Tho young man was tho first to speak. (To he continued.) 