" Decidedly Funny." ON matters of general policy we have always shared very largely the opinions expressed by the Daily Telegraph. We have, moreover, endorsed its admiration of Sir Edward Braddon's administrative capacity and legislative tact, and we heartily approve of the Telegraph's ob- jection to the appointment of Mr E. T. Miles, but, notwithstanding this similarity of opinion, we are intensely amused at the " decidedly funny" catechism, to which our contemporary is inclined to subject a section of the House of Assembly. The purported interrogation is founded upon the assumption that a meeting of mem- bers of the Assembly was held in Hobart, at which certain gentlemen who are- with Sir Edward Braddon for hav- ing formed an improper alliance with Mr Miles decided that they would not, on that account, place any difficulties in the way of Ministers. Now, if any such meeting was held (and we have no assur- ance that it was) such a generous resolu- as that stated was a very foolish one to adopt. Our contemporary ought to know that nothing can be decided by any party of men, even by any individual member of the House, until we get an assurance of what the policy of Ministers is to be. While that is shrouded in mystery nothing can be done. If a third party has been formed those who have created it have acted quite within their Constitutional functions, and it is not the right of anyone to ask for their pro- gramme or their policy. Ministers alone are responsible for the enunciation of a policy, members enjoy the privilege of criticising it. But the funniest aspect of this "de- cidely funny " article is the too trans- parent effort to drag in extraneous matter and rubbish from all parts of the island in order to discredit those who dare to criticise the Premier. That the Telegraph has criticised Sir Edward is quite enough ; everyone else apparently ought to be silent. However, we take the liberty of ex- pressing our own opinion ourselves rather than by even such an influential proxy, not only of the recent political double- shuffle but of the means that are evi- dently being taken to evade what ought to be its inevitable consequences. Just look at what these means are! In order to discredit opposition on a Constitutional question Ministerial apoligists do not hesi- tate to use "roads and bridges " tactics for all that they are worth, and with an apparent obliviousness to the fact that these weapons cut both ways, and may be used to the discomfiture of those who in- troduced them into the contest. The Great Western Railway, the Ulverstone Bridge complications, the political ghosts of the saintly Collett and the oft-defeated and the deservedly-defeated M'Call are dragged from their resting places, and it is inferred that the new " third party " is going to be associated with them. Does it not occur to the writer of this " de- cidely funny" article that it is not so very long since Mr Miles sought to secure an absolute monopoly for this same Great Western Company, and that it was only by the cohesion of Sir Edward Braddon's followers that Mr Miles' effort to block Northern Tasmania from railway com- munication with the West was frustrated ? Does it not occur also that there are local grievances in the North as well as the North-West ? If not let us contrast the very different reply given to the members for Hobart recently to that accorded to the members for Launceston, and if any farther "localism" is necessary let us supply a few more facts which may pos- be attributed to the pre-Ministerial influence of Mr Miles, the trusted col- league of the leader he has fought quite recently upon almost every item of public policy. Hitherto the notices for the police rate have been issued from Launceston, thus giving employment to deserving persons ; lately, however, the forms have been sent to Hobart, and made out there. Persons charged with criminal offences (subse- quently acquitted) have at the request of Hobart merchants been brought back to Tasmania at the expense of the State ; persons charged with more serious offences in the North are still kicking their heels up in the adjoining colonies because the Government insists that the persons in- jured shall pay the cost of bringing the offenders back. It is well known that certain Southern traders enjoy privileges that Northerners cannot secure, and it is equally well known that in the matter of police changes, and the attempted centra- lisation of paupers the South has been the main consideration — the sunny South, which has always danced when Miles piped, and hooted Braddonism, when told to do so. To return to this " decidedly funny " article. It states that " it is a remark- able coincidence that reports about the meeting of the supposed third party at Hobart appear in the papers what (?) time Mr M. J. Clarke,M.H.A., is supposed to be down that way." Now, Mr Clarke is quite able to take care of himself, and we only mention his name to illustrate the diligent search which has been made for extraneous matter. That the hon. gentle- man did not attend the meeting, and knows nothing at all about it or its alleged resolution are items of information that at once discount the whole force and dis- close the purpose of this "remarkably funny'' article. But it must not be as- sumed for one moment that the sole right of challenging the Miles impropriety is to be conceded to our contemporary; that is the privilege of Parliament, which alone can give effect to its verdict, and it is by no means certain that those who follow Sir Edward Braddon, and are prepared to do so still upon the original policy of the Cabinet; will humiliate themselves and their constituents by following Mr Miles. Had the Premier consulted his supporters before appointing the member for Glamorgan he would have been told this very candidly. As to our contem- porary's prophesy that the only organised party in the House next session will be the Ministry, we can but hope that the forecast is founded upon more accurate data than that upon which its criticism of the alleged meeting was built up. In conclusion, let us apply to Ministers the catechism the Daily Telegraph puts to the third party :—" What is its pro- gramme?" Presumably it is a political party?" What are its politics? Is its policy that of Sir Edward Braddon or Mr Miles? "Nobody can say . . . be- cause it transacts its business in secret." And just one word in conclusion. Is it true that this hetereogenious Ministerial combination contemplates marshalling the nominee members of the Strahan Marine Board into line again and instructing them how to vote for the election of Master Warden? Is it true that the vacancy which will be created on that board is to be filled by the appointment of an employe of the company which re- cently commanded the services of Mr Miles ? Bah ! the whole subject is un- savory, and the sooner clearly-marked party lines are defined in the Legislature the better it will be for the people of Tas- mania. 