NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny.' The Omrah was a full ship, ; v '• An oval wanted for Goodwood. .The Boers have again "been badly routed. I The Boers have now occupied James town. , T J There has been more fighting at Lady smith. , The stamp duties show an increase of; 1£1>205- • - •<\- t rt,« Lord Kitchener is in pursuit of the llhalifa. General Sir Redvers Buller is now at De Aar. An exciting debate in the City Council yesterday. ' ... The Mayor received a pat on the ba^k ^Colonel'Gordon will be back in Adelaide next week. There- is a subterranean- ghost in ' New South Wales. i A further advance of values prevailed at the wool sales. The Boer-forces in Kimberley now wear Idiaki uniforms. Alderihan Tucker "drew a hornet's nest about his ears." Mr." Wardill, a leading architect of Sydney, is dead. The 1st Life Guards have -been ordered to South Africa. • Splendid sample -of woo] offeredtat the sales on Monday. • Various countries represented by buyers at the wool sales. ' The House will sit late this evening and to-morrow evening. . . . The Gulf of Genoa will reach Port Ade laide oh December 4. Applications for. space in the Century Exhibition pouring in. The working of the Land Act discussed at Petersburg last week. • The Maylands-Lodge case will be taken again on November 27. • Mr. Alexander Forrest has been again j Elected Mayor of Perth. _ "Private detective business objected to in 'the City Corporation. „ , The steamer Adelaide only suffered a slight mishap on Sunday. The British -troops afe marching rapidly to the relief of Kimberley. . On Monday 613 bags of mails were dis charged from the! Omrah. .The New South Wales Lancers have been sent to Naauw Poort. West Australia will soon produce 3,000,000 oz. of gold yearly. j . . Miss Spence spoke with characteristic Iwarmth and. real eloquence. .... Mr. Holder is anxious to bring in the • Graving Dock Bill at once. . ' The visit of the Emperor to'England is Very unpopular in Germanjr. - The boundary dispute between France and China has been settled. . ^ " The last ordinary meeting of the City Council was held on Monday. The exhibition of Australasian pictures is still drawing large attendances. It-is difficult to distinguish the Boers from the English at Kimberley, The war correspondent of tile Morning PoSt" is a prisoner at Pretoria. _ ' There is a big programme to be disposed iof before the close of the session. ■Twenty-six transports witli 27,000 men have now arrived' at Cape Town.' An Anglo-American Australian enter tainment is to be held in Sydney. Several novel cases were before the Vic torian District Court on Monday. , An exciting week for youths and maidens •'of the higher, classes in the schools. Lady Buller and Lady White have asked for Cliristmas gifts for the troops. The intercolonial tennis match was con tinued' in Melbourne on Monday. Only two formal questions on the- Coun cil notice-paper for this'afternoon. The proposed American" hospital ship is ■ being warmly supported in Sydney. British prisoners at Pretoria cqmplain of having to eat inferior tinned meat. Effective voting will engage the attention ,^'of Legislative Councillors this week. Tire Queen "held an inspection of tthe 1st ; Life Guards on Wednesday morning. . There are about 250 candidates, for ex amination by the University officials. The British captured two waggon loads of the enemy's guns and ammunition. The search for the missing schooner Wol verine in New Zealand has been futile. Dr. Eraser,' the victim of the St. Kilda shooting episode, continues to improve. • A petition presented for the release of William Nelson Livesev, of Gladstone. An' interesting cricket match will be played this week on the Adelaide Oval. The German Emperor will spend five days at Windsor and two at Sandringham. A steam-plough is being sent to South Africa for the purpose of cutting trenches. On Monday 19,000 bales, of wool were offered for sale, being the largest this sea son." ( A large proportion of men left Barossa owing to their inability to stand' the work. - A special fund has been instituted for the relief of the families of those who fall , in battle. The German Government have detained 18 guns intended 'for use against the British. A large deputation waited on the Pre-' mier on Monday on the effective voting question. 'A new toddy—the Cycle Pathway Asso ciation—to toe considered toy municipal can didates. It is suggested that Colonel Stuart should toe retained on the permanent mili tary staff. ( The Chief Secretary will ask for leave to-introduce the Glenelg Railway 'Pur chase Bill. Councillor Baker warmly replied to Al derman Tucker's criticism of the special committee. An interesting function will he conduct ed at the Hindmarsh Town Hall on No vember 30. Mr. David Young selected out of appli ... cants for, the position of sanitary inspector for the city. .• More experiments are being made with wireless telegraphy in connection with naval warfare. During the voyage of the Omrah there had constantly been between 900 and 1,000 souls on board. An old man 79 years of age was found drowned in an underground tank at East Brighton,- Victoria. : Mr. Gordon will move for reports from returning-offieei's regarding infringements if the Electoral Code. West Australia is fast approaching the lime when her gold production will rival ,';hat of the Transvaal. . The R.M.S. China will resume her trips iio Australia next year under the command of Captain T. S. Angus. A man escaped from the Bunbury, West Australia, gaol on Sunday, but was cap tured again in the "scrub. The Rev. G. E. Rowe toad to "doss it" in the smoking-room of the Omrah while jour neying from West Australia. The Czar'has dismissed a member of the Russian Privy Council for making insult ing references to the Frendh army. *! After the meeting of the City Council yesterday the hope was exnressed that the Mayor would_.be re-elected without oppo sition. ■ ' A man was passing a house in Bathurst, when he was attracted by an offensive smell, and on entering found the dead body of a man. Mr. Tinker's motion for the withdrawal of the report of the City Council special committee was supported by himself and Councillor Klauer. . A man was discovered in a lake at Bal larat, and when assistance arrived he called out, "Leave me,alone. I want to shuffle off this m'ortal coil." Great consternation has been caused amongst miners ait- Blayr.ey, New South Wales, toy the visitations of a ghost in one of the shafts of a 'copner mine. "Never before in Adelaide has a cata logue of over 10,000 bales been' offered, and the fact that for 3,234 bales greasy, grown by 139 different owners, we obtained 1/ a ■round and over, will show the strength of the market.—Messrs. Elder, Smith, and Co.'s report on Monday's wool sales. 