" Mayfield," South Yarra, Thursday, J tine 1. Mr Dear MARIE, _ THE bunting season opened with particular ticlat at Ranfurlie, on Saturday. All.the horsey people of Melbourne turned out to see the first; throw-oif of the hounds. Half of the spectators- drove, and the other half oame mounted on hunters and riding hacks. His Excellency, the Governor and Lady Brassey with Mrs. Pakenham, Lord Neville, Lord Hindlip and Captain Fielden, all rode out. Lady Brassey who shines at the sport, made a conspicuous figure, in a smart black cloth habit, made with a beaufort shaped coat, and boxer' hat. Mrs. Paken hatn was mounted on a chestnut, and made a trim figure in a navy blue habit and boxer. Blue, black, and green cloth habits were gen oral. One smart rider wore a scarlet vest and open jacket--an effective habit, but one somehow clings to the plainer and more orthodox style.. Miss Ji1. Stanbridge. Miss Miller, Miss Brown, Mrs Johnson, Miss Watson, Miss . Buckley, Miss E, Robertson, Miss Hope and Miss Calvert (who after the hunt, was presented with the brush) followed the hounds and cleared most of the .fences. The sun was shining, the air balmy, and the scene of the red jackets and the dark-habited I^ianas in full cry after the hounds, over a lovely stretch of green country, was one to be remembei'dd. It was at the invitation of Mr and Mrs William Knox that so many sport-loving people had assembled , on the lawn to see the meet, if not to follow the hunt. A splendid luncheon was served in a marquee on the side lawn, and a band discoursed hunting-aird before the master's horn was sounded. It was one of the merriest scenes possible, and the first '.! Tally ho" of the Melbourne Club was so well attended as \- to augur a very fine and full season of followers. The sporting members of society are divided be tween golf and hunting. All. the suburban olubs have been giving Golf teas, and the girls who languished by the sea-side during the Summer, indulging in siestas and sentiment, have now put on their short skirts, their gaiters, Scotch caps and. rubber shoes, and are scouring over hill, and dale with their caddies and golf-sticks. Some of our girls, like Miss Calvert and Miss Guthrie, are devoted equally to the two sports, arid shine at,both. It is, commonly believed that a woman looks her best on horseback and, her worst on the golf-links. But a true sport should not care how she looks,. In fact, when enthusiasm is in the blood, and the ". game i<3 plnved," vanity for once in a way, goes to the .wall. The necessity of a well-coiffeured head was very evident at the Government House Party last Thurs day, when the oompany were seated all through the evening, nnd in lieu of gnvsing at each other's frook-*, were consigned to comparing one another's hearl . dress and coiffure There are some who make hair dressing the first canon of the toilette, and others who give it their last thought, On Thursday night-, rows and rows of dark and fair heads showed little tasto in dressing, and a crude indefinitenwss in con struction. Aocordingto the present Parisian fashion, the hair is worn in rounded coils on top of the head, brought back in uncrimped folds from the brow, leaving very little fringo. Mrs, George Ohirn*idi\ Lady Holled-Smith, besides Lady Brassey and Mrs, Palcenham, are artists in this matter, and havo adept maids who keep themselves ait, oourant of French fashions. There was one Mbulantc at Lady Brassey's "Even ing Party " last week, MiRS Bennett, daughter of Mr. George Bennett, M.L.A., of Rich mond. Like her mother, she is tall, slight, and fair haired. Her debnlanlc gown was of ivory white satin, festooned with lace and chiffon-a very pretty toilette. Pearls were her only ornamentations. Lord Hindlip takes things au Borionw, He carries out the duties of aido do avnp with a religious calm and seriousness I have only seen the ghost of a smile flickering on his boyish face at raro times, and could not by any strotch of imagination picture him indulging in a hearty laugh. In faot, all the lijeroborsof tho Vioe-Begal suite are inolined to take life seriously. None of the gentlemen wear the facetious air and jauntiness that distinguised the Etfrl of Shaftesbury's bearing It is a pity that just now so many good dances are clashing. Recently, on every Thursday and Friday, two good balls have been occurring on the same night, to the detriment of each. Again, the Homeopathic and Crescent (St. Hilda) balls are .fixed for Wednesday; June 28, and to some degree will affect each other. Of course the Hos pital ball is the more fashionable dance, but had the Crescent committee not fixed theirs for the same evening, it would ,be a .far ;more popular one, and vice versa, . The University Ball was the first crush of the season. A thousand, they say, were there. Well, you can imagine that number trying to dance or move around in the Prahran Town Hall. Since the Fancy Dress Ball at Government House, I have never seen a prettier crowd of girls. One wonders where they all came from. There were ever so many strange faces, and they certainly do not belong to, or illumine Trinity Hostel. That evening was full of surprises. First of all-no one had ex pected such an immense crowd-nor such a'smart one. In the second place, past experience of University functions had made us chary of trust ing them with the arrangements of anything so gay as a good dance. These literary and intellectual lights are not the most practical or up-to-date people to run such an affair. The Sporting element of the Cricket Club, under whose auspices the dance was promoted, must have pre vailed, and carried the night-for Friday's dance was one of the most brilliant and jolliest of affairs. The hope is that the University Ball's revival afttfr" a lapse of several years, will be permanent, and made an annual one. It is the only, one great chance Melbourne haB of seeing blue stockings under such happy conditions, and like Oliver Twist with the puhlic charity soup, it "asks for more." To see the priestesses of Apollo and stolid pillars of learning basking in the ball-room, flying round in a polka, or swinging partners in a Kitchen Lancers, was a sight that melted all one's prejudices against the craft that is "sicklied o'er with the pale oast of thought." The Professor of Classics at the Melbourne University, has, in his propagation of lore, and poetry, at length esohewed the ball-room and all, other social gaieties, and is only to be met with at small dinner parties, re-unions of Corinthians (where the Doctor of Letters always comes out hest in a bout of wit) and Occasionally, as a mild diversion, on the golf links. Onoe Professor TuakerlsJtall.tBathetic figure was a familiar one at fashXpn^le; gatherings. Now he burns the midnight oi^..ffod*%8prinkleso salt, in his studio. Rememberi (the cultured cspWi has reaohed the meaao oamykin of ilife by other.:, ways than " primrose path's of^alliant^.'V'. " ^ovv - the hey-dey in the blood is tam&'^t's. hu'mb'I^, ari-^-; waits upon'judgment." f All the nurses in Melbourne seemed to have iT, holiday on Friday night,and gave up bandagingiand^ poulticing to treat the giddy mazes of a waltz at the Oniversity Ball. In faot, there was one square set formed for each of the Lancers of nurses and their brothers of the Lancet at the end of the hall, and it seemed the jolliest set of all. The twin professions do not always fraternise in this happy manner, for the rules at the leading hospitals regarding their position pireolude their ooparaueship. Perhaps, out side of the institution the young things make up for lost time. . - From all accounts, a lady Dootor's life on "a Hospital staff is a severe strain-especially when she is fond of social distractions. One of the fair members of the faculty danced I ill 2 o'clock in the morning at a ball last week. When she reached hf3r hospital qunrters, she had to do 'her rounds in certain wards. She performed this'duty in full ball attire, and was retiring for,her \yell-earned rest, when she was called baclc to operate on a case just brought into the hospital . .With the apron thrown over her dainty sjvbia gown, fan .rt thrown aside, the fair autgooa sebV^ operated skilfully on a mutilated W W N this-after a night's dissipation n.n,r . rhl»k «l when, in the words of Romeo- at a& 1% : "Night's candles are burnt, ouh ".,,i 4 Stands tip-too on tlio miaty inouutailuo^115' . News comes by the mail of the surnnf' t S. Muir, at his final medical examin!!-8ofJlr,|] baiKh, ia April. Dr. did C*'C'>l«« medical course at the Melbourne TTnf .of U« left for Edinburgh last February i .three weeks in which to prepare for the b . 0 but he got through successfully. DP M,,Xam'nat some experience at the London HosnWioC visit Paris during the Exhibition beforerV ."16' Melbourne. etUrHD»to The London papers still dwell on tu n"i. the D'Arcy-Nutting alliance, Mrs Nufcr V'1' mantic history furnishes material' fr,- 3,4, ..journals. Mr. T. P. O'Connor's weekly siinnli! Mcij| interesting data. " She was the dau^htsr rf330®' the Boucicault brothers" it savs "ivli* l' South Australia, was one of the'founders*!?',? great Australian paper, the Melbourne ,1 and having made his pile, returned to En 1 and there died not many years ago. Mrs w is accordingly a niece of Dion and Mrs. Boucicaul r the Hopetoun regime, in Victoria, Mrs. D'Arcy awli sisters were constantly at Government Uouie th great friend being the Hopetoun's kinswoman, guest, the Hon. Violet Willoughby, who is n0*J" Gordon Cumming. In the pioneer davs of n"" lUTi. TV A -/ITT +.V.«» -P"4-l," i! t ? * Wl! land, Mif. D'Arcy and the father of his present«j were warm friends, and the family friendshin hi never waned." Mrs, D'Arthy, as we musthenmy call the former Mrs, Nutting, has taken with h, husband, a beautiful house in Grosvenor Squared residence of Georgina, Countess of Dudley. Anothe paragraph further eulogizes the lady. «j[" D'Arcy," it says, "tall, blonde, slender,distingui3h&! looking, will be a fine hostess; for years:' " popular leader of society in Yictoria." The financial crash that has been the result of a extravagant form of living in the case of a m youthful society couple is the principal subject; conversation at afternoon teas. For two years tt newly married pair carried things off with a hi^ hand, went everywhere, won distinction for dress, their hordes; their theatre parties, and sup. and generally spealring, their pace. Now comes U deluge. Because the pretty and fashionable matroi had cut raostof her old girl-friends, and hor husta was still more oaddish, the regret at their shatters fortune has been confined to their own iratnedh! circle. The affair is talked of everywhere, till the present, the interesting couple put a Im face on the matter, and make out a fresh bill of It for the winter. I*i is nevertheless a dishoattwit ^catastrophe; a question of mortified vanity, and ibittror pxperioncp. A well-known writer's bint i /such straits may furnish a clue to future plai '" Disappointment," he says, "requires change of ai desperation, change of scene." Nous verrons. Miss Florence Stanbridge has broken oil hot< gagement to the young English officer who won ft heiress'young and untried affections shortly ate presentation at the Queen's dfiawingroora last ye There are some Melbourne bachelors highly 1 lighted that the hasty engagement has been pented of, and Miss Stanbridge rendered free again . With her guardian, Mr. and Mrs. Collis, the GoeW heiress has takon up her residence in St, ICildMcai and will entertain largely during the winter r""" The engagement of a pretty Melbourne gitl-s one time of Ballarat-to a Melbourne miliMi officer is finally "off." As the ex-firncee| haste flying round at all the reennt dances, looking MI mischievous and pretty, and the late lover is on 11 a quiet life indoors, it is evident ho wears willow, and is ready to renounce " the worm, flesh, and the devil.' Jptain l'ie]df' Brassey,Band8 has-been attending ftd »nd Lag ag** Wefefe, H h lds him. (public gaiet»"s o ^hows, a marked reserve ; rather alow, , appearance and _ address ^l»^D0r. minced a beau, he admires Mel f DOt too Protn distenG0 and is not likely to lose fkrn?fair butterfly this side of the Mur jieiirv to . 1 Ruokland leaves next week for Eng r' .!0tl! business matters will detain him for ( where bus Hig pretty wife will -remain Wy ^f0 /nrm '0f her grass widowhood at. her hfr's"residence in East Melbourne. r^otidcs is a very devout and exemplary i33 A,^h?l£man Catholic Church. " The, flower a pberoftbe benefit: concert fV0ZPTn*erafterwards laid on the church L y0UH?variou3 other acts of the same kind attest r,T J,r devotion. Miss Gables' father was 1°K member of the Anglican .Church, and ae a Woman Catholic a few years ago, orr ,r de Chanet, whose song " First Love," was L Miss Amy Castles, at her great concert last (. the composer of « la the Cathedral," and. Si other charming songs. This year, the dan «oea Home with his talented, wrfetopro a''Mass" a composition to which he has devoted It Dortion of his time during,the past few years, rnd music is his forte, and already. Herr de Chanet performed in St. Mary.'s Church, North Mel tne, some of his compositions. Syrne has left off his beard and moustache his bachelor days, and starts married life with eanfnce. The clever surgeon has always been a "on of excellence, and a model of industry and jfeasional zeal. People are wondering if there was truth in the statement that a recent illness caused banishment of the beard, or was he really acting the principle that a change of .state exacted a ge of views and habits, and- the beard was sacri ho death of Mrs Henry Madden at her iesidence, outh Yavra; on Sunday, has caused deep regret, large circle of relatives and friends.- Mrs. don was an exceptionally good and sweet in, wrapt up in her husband and children,-and j good all her life long to the poor and suffering, deceased lady was the eldest daughter, of Mr. ileadetson, of St, Kilda, whose family is a very hly esteemed and talented one. A first-class vent education had rendered Mrs. Madden an ac plished member of Society, and an example to iety matrons in her superb womanhood and good She was rather an uncommon figure-tall, always neatly and well dressed. Her hair one of her chaims and was worn in soft shining off her forehead. By her death, six lovely children are loffc motherless, and a husband as very fond parents and sisters are plunged >p grief. ' ? .: cablegram was received last- week to the efEeot Mr. and Mrs. Bowes-Kelly had arrived m lion It is probable that Mrs. Edwin Millar will them on their travels before the end of the In the meantime, she will accompany Mr. and' ' to West Australia on a visit of some ths, '1 hey will leave Melbourne next "week. Yours affeotionafcely, SteliIa. i'siuun .who dan also write good readable icisms is a rarity, and Ballarat has every reason proud of Mrs. Curthoys, onoe pretty Ada th.° Pianist, who has settled in Perth with IWth irSuSnCt 18 wrifcing the', musical' notices for Jrmme Lee, the only " Joe/' has apparently tiona thnf- i ^ London contemporary rinL nf w ^0D®nb had been arranged for her at ibor of in ? on May 30, at which a r tavoribes woro to give their services. 