THE V , Burden of a Secret. By Bbbtha M, OxJ&* Author o£ ' A Heart's Bitterness,' ' In Love's Crucible,' etc. etc. CHAPTER XL, l Natalie Washed a little, and the old ynan continued : - ' ; ? He had batter explain Iiini8e.l- how affairs are progressing, ril'flend him to yoa. Gkiod- dayk's * i ,_ 4 He bustled out, and jln a little while Cyril walked softly into tne room, his face radiant with ple'aBure. '1 * So X can speak to you at last, rvataae/ \- lie said. ' HaVen't you a word f or me, awaethoart?' ; Her face beoame rosy red, and he thought that he had never aean anything so beautiful before. : * Your impudence has not abated one jot, Mr. Hatherly,' she eaid^arising and extending her hand wnioh he rapturous ly kissed. . ♦Mr. Hatherly !' he exclaimed in muoh dismay. ' And I have been paying court to you for four long weeks — in fact, all the time yoa have bsen ill. , I hops that you do not intend throwing me over be cause you are richer than I am.' He placed one arm about her, and was not repulsed. ' ? * You have not said yet that you love me, Natalie,' he whispered. i« And I do trant to devote my whole life to you so much 1 I have worshipped you from the moment I saw you tripping up the stairs upon my first vieit^here. Da you think that there is a ghost of a onance fox me ?' ?Do you think, there is a chance for ' anyone else P' 'she asked, him, sbyly. ' ' , ' No, I do not, sweetheart*' - ' \ * Then you know that I love yoa, Cyril', Natalie said, eoffclv. - i He was happy. ^ *- j ,, ? r* ' ' - '--? '', \- Autumn had tinted the leaves witli ?plashes, of crimBon, aqd th'er golden harvest had been gathered from, the' orchards and fields before Cyril told Lady Natalie the whole ' of the dread story of Pearl Winthrop. They wars sitting in the bright sun shine of a warm September day, on one of the broad piazzas that faced the lawn. Lady Southfield was dozing in the morn ing-room behind thorn,' and Hector, the great bull-mastiff, was crouching at Lady Natalie's feet. So indispensable had he become, that Cyril travelled to and from the Priory with the dog as his companion. His life had been very busy lately, every moment of his time being oooupied be tween the Lakewpod and Wyndhuret es tates. 'I am sure that you ought to go abroad, darling/ he was saying, ? to es cape the sharp winds of November, you are not yet your old self,1 Lady Natalie glanced quickly at him, the light of a great love shining in her golden - eyes. She waa looking very Jovely now. l ? Do you want me to leave you,' she demanded. , ' Oh, Cyril, does it not seem unreal aC times, all ,this happiness — after so muohi that was dark and cold 1' ' Leave me,' tte said tenderly. * No, darling ; I want to go with you. Why should we not be married at once P * I have our business' affairs set in order, and if the associations here are painful Btill, tUere is a beautiful little home awaiting you. Indeed, we might have the wedding at WyndhurBt. I am Bure that Mr. Farley would be delighted.' \- * And his daughters of wh om you have told me P' she laughed, blushing redly. f Cyril, X know that it is useless trying to oppose you|in anything. I 'knew it the 'very first time that I met you. Wil ful man will have his way.' \- Then that is settled I' He embraced her rapturously. 'Let me see — to-day is the 20th of September. How long is my prdbatiou to last?' ? A month — will'that-.do?' whispered Natalie. r i , ' The 20th'of Ootober-^-blessed day 1' he eried, ecstatically ; and Hector look ed on with strong approval. \ ? Sweetheart/ Cyril said presently, *'I have received a letter this moxnln'g frbm Mr. Pembroee. ' He is . getting along famously with his new /book, and there' iB a competition among ,the publish ere to obtain the manusoript. * Shall I road it to you, or— ' ' ' * He held it towards her, but she genii f poshed it away, Baying : ^ * 1 Bead it, please, Cyril.' « My Djsax HathbSiiy' (Cyril read)-: -J-You must not think that I have treat ed you in fl cavalier manner by taking so long a time to reply to your kind leK ter of the 1st. I havo been so busy that every day has seemed too short, with my new Wdrk^ sd muoh time is absorbed in overhauling the endless books in the museum. I have In hand a pact of the advWoe_proofs, and half-a- dozen letters from prominent publishers, who are eager to thrust me into the hands' of the public. 'My first effort appears to have whettqd the popular appetite. I know that yon will be glad to hear this, my dear friend. At last X'bave found my vocation, ,and shall never mount the rostrum again I Sir Algernon JFitz Jamea is helping me greatly by hi,8 influence, and it is solely owing to him that poor Winfield has been pardoned by the Home Seoretaryi I- ant 'Bure 'that he will be faithfulto you as long, as^be olives. You cannot ' think how 'pleased I was that the scandal simmered- down ,so gently, for Lady Natalie's sake* ' It will only be remembered by a few aa a donbtful dream. Much of it is owing to Winfield's nobility in giving himself up when the police arrived., It prevented their offijeioueness in another direction. ' For ydu and dear Lady Natalie I have only the warmest affeotion, and wish yoa both happiness and ever in creasing joys. -o '/./ ' i ' Yours faithfully, - ' '^ v ,t « Thomas PpsamosB.' There were tears in Natalie's eyes when Cyril had ceased reading. ''] *? 'Poor fellow 1' she whimpered, softly. ' I believe 'that there in a great future before him yet, Cyril.' -' ' r* / j * He was almosb wrecked by the pas sion of a hopeless love ';- but now, Natalie £ believe that tie us doubly purifie'd.by the fir's of a great suffering.' ' a. i , 'Fov a brief »^hile there was a happy' silence, until Lady Southfield .wo]^ Vi&h;, a big start that ma,de Hector growl. I'M 'Oh!' she exclaimed; '^1 have1' bean', dreaming such a pleasant dream t Jan' t it ridiculous— sitting here' ands dozing in mid-day? I thought that X heard the' sound of marriage bells,1 ' v ' And so you did, anpfc,' Cyril laughed. ' They floated V towards you, soft and mellow, through the corridors of /'ap- proaching time — ju&t; one month away t ?Really?' lf ' Natalie blushed, rosily, and Lady Soutbfield fluttered forward and sealed the confession with a kiss. THE ENt-. 