CHAPTER in. The Sixth Sexse. 0 MING straight for ward and clasping his hands be hind liis back, Jelly bra ud stood 1 o o k i n g down at me. He did not apolo gise for his intru sion. "I hope you havo elept well," he said, "I also hope that you iind your new rooms cverythingthatcan be de:ircd." " I havo nil that I need," I said somewhat shortly, 11 my granddaughter is also fully satis lied." "I am much pleased to hear that," replied Jcllvbrnnd, still standing before me. "You will forgive me, sir, for saying that I am deeply interested i ; Mies Eugenia—she is a very beautiful young lady,.she lias got an uncommon face, and is possessed of great gifts." " "What do you mean r" "I mean this. She possesses to an extra ordinary degree the sixth sense." " The sixth sense!" I cried,' "now what are you driving ut r" "I will explain all that presently." I closed my lips, and X have no doubt a look of impatieneo crossed them.. The man continued to stand beforo me. "I met Miss Rochester half uu hour ago," he said, after a pause. ' " Indeed !" I replied. "Yes, sho was going out, she told mo nil about it. She is a very confiding young lady." " I have never remarked that in Eugenia," I interrupted. " When I look at her she tells me all I want to know,'£ continued Jellybraud, the ghost of a smile flitting across his bloodless lips. " She told me she was going to ilort lock'a. Last night, too, I had the pleasure of hearing some of her ambitions and wishes. No girl ever desired to lead a more innocent, a purer, and more beautiful life, but Mr. Rochester,"' your granddaughter, must nor work too hard. In youth ono ought not to strain the strength which has got to carry one through a long, a very-long day." "How do you know that the day is very long*," I «tid. His last remark had seemed to chime in with my own thoughts. In reply he looked at mo with great earnestness, and I noticed a peculiar expression in his somewhat shifty yellow eyes. "Sit down," I paid to him, suddenly. Ho drew forward a chair and did as re quested. "It is impossible to consider you a servant, Jelly brand," I said. "~Why do you take that absurd position; it puts us all wrong—it puts the whole house out of gear." " It is my wish," ho answered stiffly, "it*is a subject I decline to discuss." Then he paused, continuing after a moment. "Mr. .Rochester, I must not take up any more of your time. I came hero now to say that the entertainment this evening in the Yellow Drawing-room will be particularly lively. I hope you and Miss Rochester will not fail to be present." "I don't think I shall allow my grand daughter to visit the Yellow Drawing- room if you have that awful Balaliaka played i again," I cried. Ho waved his hand as if to dismiss the subject. "Enough," he said, "if the Balaliaka is played once more in the Yellow Drawing room it will bo ut Miss Eugenia's request, that I can promiso you." "She will never maketbat request," I said with a laugh. I "I shall see you then fo-nigbt, Mr. j Rochester; you and Miss Rochesterp " i " Perhaps," I replied, " that is if I am well enough, but often at night I um tired and worn out." '•But that should not be," said Jellybrand. " Forgive me, my dear sir. there is no reason why you should not enjoy life." "Except that I am old," I retorted. He again gazed at me# with wonderful earnestness, pursing up his lips as he did so. After a long pauso he spoke. " I hare given my closest attention to the subject, the cruel and harrowing subject of old age," ho said. He now brought out his words slowly, and as if each one were weighted with a thought. " Now the ques tion to bo considered is this—why should man grow old ? " I laughed irritably. Tho subject of old age always annoys me, and 03 a rule I turn my back ou it. "You, for instance," said Jellybrand, fixing his eyes on my face, " aro full of ambitions, you have also desires and lougings, you—" "How in the world do you know about me P " I interrupted. " My dear sir. I know you, as I know every other old man -who walks the earth. Your intellect is still iu its prime." "Yee, it is true, my intellect is still in its prime." "But your body is beginning to fail. Now this should not be. That vigorous mind of I vours, those noble desires, should not bo j hampered as they are. You aro encumbered 1 wit*?, a body that is gradually succumbing to certain chemical changes. I ask yon, my { dear sir, why these should not bo arrested." . I "You ask the impossible," I said, startled* by his words. % 441 ask the possible," he replied veiyi irravely. Ho then continued, speaking slowly, as if ho were thinking to himself: •"Yea, I ask the possible," ho repeated. "Life is but ono of the many expressions of force, and just as heat may become trans*" formed into light or movement, so may oae! form of lifo bccoiuo merged into another." 44 X do not understand you," I said. 441*have thought the subject over," he re; plied. 441 have dwelt upon it for years; I and my master before me. I will speak to you; [ more fully about this, Mr. Rochester, whenl"-; have tho pleasure of knowing you better. I;, must not stay any longer this morning. Pray£ do not hesitate to ask for everything you red' quire, iny house is entirely at your servicer Mr. Rochester, I helicve there is a great future before tho aged. Please give your! granddaughter my compliments, and nay R hope to meet you Iwtli iu the Yellow Draw-; ing-room to-night." •£• He left mo and I sat on by the window. "« <4-Wh:tt strange stuff the fellow talks VH was my thought. I got up impatiently aud| took a hook of Emerson's from the littler bookcase which Eugenia had so neatly ur-r ranged. ^ 44 So may one form of life hecomo merge#* into another," I repeated, sighiug gravely. J; Just at that moment light steps were heard* on the stairs, the door burst open, and^ Eugenia looking like a vision of spring, camor>: in. £ 44 Oh, grandad, I met Mr. Holroyd ancb ho insisted on walking with iue as far as|. Mori lock's. We have hud a delightful timer^ and see, oh do sec these flowers." •; She iiad a huge bunch of daffodils and? other spring blossoms in her hands. r 44 Ho would buy them for me." 44 Sly dear child, try to remember that yet?^ know Mr. Holroyd very slightly." i rr 441 don't think I know him slightly av ail," she replied. 441 feel already as if were quite an old friend. Why, ho knowa* ** the Duuvers; Cyril Danvers was ono of hi£ ci greatest friends at college. Cyril is expected^ai to be one of the guests iu the Yellow l)raw4r<3 ing-room to-night; but that, grandfather^.^ is not tuo best of my news. I have got^ such splendid work, and it is all owing that dear Mr. Jellybrand. Ho went Mortlock's early this morning and spoka one of the managers about me. It fieeni».c< that Mr. Jeilybraud wants designs made fmfea a special dinner service, and he particularljfm asked that I should do them. I am to con-F sulc Mr. Jellybrand over the matter, and If-jj, am to bo paid for my labours you cannotr^ gues* how largo a sum ! " -1 44But Eugenia!" & [to BE COXTDfUED NEXT WEEK.] /£hj 