Church Anniversaries. Jireh Baptist Church. Special services celebrating the 37th anni versary of the Jireh Baptist Church were held yesterday, the newly uppoiuted pastor, Rev. E. A. Kirwood, boiug the preacher for. tho day. At the morning service tho sermou was based upon tbe words "Jehovah Jireh," the motto of the church, and was a declaration of the faot and hope of tho Gospel whioh were prefigured in tue sacrifice Abraham, to all intents, made of his son Isaac, und in the substitution of the ram for Isaac. The pas sage of scripture containing tbe text will bo fouud in Genesis xxii. 14. Tho discourse of tbo evoning was based upon 1 Corinthian i. 21-23, and in his opening remarks tho pastor mudo the statement that ou his first view of the ohurch building, the outside presented to him the subject of tho morning service, and when entering the building the words whioli were inscribed on tho end wall eugrossod bis atten tion ; the words were, "Wo preaoh Christ crucified," and upon these words he based the subject of his sormon. His utterances were of tbe old school, and were a proclamation of ruiu by sin, regeneration by tbo Holy Ghost, redemption by Jesus Ohrist, and retribution to tho finally impenitent. Speoial appeal bad been made to tho udhcrents of the ohurch for contributions to u fuud to cover recent ex penses, and a sum total of £30 2s. Gd. resulted. In the afternoon, tho school service was of especial oharuoter ; the late superintendent of the sohool (Mr. J. Q. Earl) and tbo present ocoupaut of tho offioe gavo addresses bearing upon deoimon for Jesus Ohrist and life in his service. Tho anniversary will bo continued to-morrow (Tuesday) by a tea-meeting iu tho Foresters' Hall, Brunswick street, and fol lowed by an after meeting in. the ohurch, Gipps street, whon farewell will be taken of wo urn jjituiur iooy. ti. lungeioraj una a welcome extended to the now pastor, Rov.E, A. Kirwood, and addresses by representatives of other free ohurohes. Christ Ohu&oh;, Milton. Bright festival services wero held at Christ Church, Milton, yesterday, on tbo occasion of tbe dedioation festival.. Largo congregations filled the ohurch at all the services, it boiug necessary to provido extra accommodation at tbe evening service. Tho pulpit, font, and lectern were .prottily decorated with roses, while above the altar massed of beautiful flowers were effectively arranged. The Bishop of Brisbane prcuohed at tbo morning service, taking for his tart tho opening words of tue gospel for the day. The Rev. J. W. Ash ton occupied the pulpit at ovening. Tho hymns and ohants wero well solcoted, and tho duet in the nntliom sung by Messrs. Sampson und Robinson was very pleasing, Tho services will bo continued over noxt - Sunday, and each evening during the week is murked by some social gathering as advertised. 