Among our iSrohangea. Ib does not follow that because a man la a rag and bono gatherer he should be offensive, j but a young man of this description, who, ac cording to his own statement, does not bolieve in the Bible, made an extremely offensive re mark in the Bendigo court on Saturday. He had made application for a collector's license, and on being asked to stand in the witness box and take an oath to opeak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, and then kiss the Book, he said, almost inaudibly, that he did not believe in kissing filth. Having made an affirmation, and the police stating no objeotlon, the required license was granted. The applicant then left the witness box, and had gone but a few yards when Inspector Muiphy ordered him into the box again. The j inspeotor then informed the benoh of the re* mark made use of by Hall. Ho said the Holy Bible was respected by the great majority of the British nation, and nearly all civilised persons. It was an impertinent thing for a man (a rag and bode gatherer) to get into the witness box of one of her Majesty's courts and insult a whole Christi&n; community by making such a reference to their Bibte. He thought that the man should bo compelled to give a i satisfactory explanation of'his conduct. In anBwer to Mr Murphy, Hall stated that ho re* fused to kiss the Book because he did not be lieve in it. Mr Murphy: Well, you could have said so without passing Buoh an offensive remark. Mr Eundell (chairman) : Do you be Hove the Almighty will punish you either In this world or another if you tell a falsehood. Hall: I would be punished in this world. The young man was then allowed to leave the eourt. A great fear of some impending disaster seems to have fallen over Pokin, and numbers of houses now have the words " Speak not of State Affairs" written on slips of red paper posted over the lintels of each household. Something must have very recently happened in the palace at Eho Park whioh the powers that bo desire to keep secret from the world for the present. Another story of the sad Soudan.—Captain Findlay, a splendid young soldiorj was married only four months before he fell in that memor able fight at the Athara river. His wife—quite a girl—is an officer's daughter, and the pair were devoted to each other. By some means* best known to themselves, her people managed to keep from her the news of her loss until after the birth of her baby—a boy—which took place a few weeks ago. The Queen was so much troubled by the story that Bhe has not been ** able to get the poor girl out of her head"—as she puts it, in her motherly way. She wrote her a tender letter, asking that the child might bo called Viotor Alexander, and offering to be his godmother. Since then sho has chosen for him several pretty garments, including a very handsome ohristening cloak. Sarah Bernhardt^ talents, enormous as they are, have hardly kept pace with her extrava* gance, and debts have been the bane of her existence. When money was plentiful she purchased a magnificent property, Saiute Adresse, near Havre, and a house in the "Rue Fortuny, Paris. They were furnished and decorated in tho most lavish manner, but both were sold later. During her colonial tour Bhe spent £800 on green Btone weapons, wood carvings and other Now Zealand curios, and it is impossible to estimate the fortunes whioh have been squandered on her toilettes. An incident similar to that tfhioh ocourred recently at Bendigo is reported from Newport, England, where a man, a( tho close of tho police court business, made a curious applica tion to tho bench. Ho said ho had thrown 2s on the atago at tho looal Lyceum during tho | performance of The Silvor King, and he was I afterwards " chucked out." The man, it seems, had been overcomo by tho distress of Nellie Denver in tho oviotion scene, and threw the money on the stago out of commiseration ; and the attendants, mistaking his intention, turned him out of the theatre. He xiow sought to have tho cash back. Tho magistrate's olerk recommended tiio Applicant to see tho police about the matter. Tho following story is told of Sarah Bern hardt when she was in London last spring :— The great one dropped into a bookseller's shop one morning. "I oold hor quite a pilo of books," said the proprietor/' and showed her every attention, and she seomed pleased. As she was going out she took hold of my pencil tiud asked me something in French, which I didn't understand. Seeing that I failed to catoh her meaning, she looked about on the counters, then, quick as a flash, sho took up a volume of one of the very best sots of Scott, hound in free calf, opened it at the very centre, wrote something quickly, calmly tore out the loaf, handed it to me, smiled, and went out." Tho astounded booksoller looked at the loaf and discovered that Sarah had written a pass for two to hor performance that evening 1 Magnificent, but it was not a cheap ontortain* mcnt for tho bookseller. The reappearance of tho larrikin is a matter of considerable public concern. There aro larrikins and larrikins. Ono type of larrikin, like tho poor, is always with us,^but he is a comparatively mild and law-abiding person, who exhibits his larrikinism sartorially, or in the height of his bootheels, tho set of his hat,' and his idiomatio peculiarities. Tho other is a blatant and brutal animal, congregating in " pushes" andftorrorisingjwholo'streets. Tho later kind is now generally accepted as the truo larrikin; ho is to Melbourne what the rough is to London, or more recently tho " Hooligan," or what tho hoodlum'is toiLiver pool, a criminal type, cruel and cowardly. Originally the larrikin was not of this class; ho was reoklees and profane, and chewed and spat, dressed distinctively, and got into many minor police court cases, but ho was not tho vicious and callous beast whose chief delight is in committing ferocious assaults on harmless oltlzon* for t^o. <Si#ooverable roaeon boyond a tigerish delight in inflicting pain. Sometime# tho MpebV assaults oro accompanied by thofts, bub more often ho tnoroly beats his viotim into a atato of inoonalbility and leaves him, and in so doing has less excuse than tho Anarchist, who at least hao a principlo bohind him, bad as it ia. A little boy lately foil under a tram, tho motor and two cars pausing completely over Mm. On boing extricated, ho was taken to the Sydney Hospital, when it was found he had received no more serious injury than a scratch on hie noso. But this io nothing for Sydney. Whether Sydney ohlldron, like kittens, havo nine livo9 has not yet beon ascertained, but ik is also a well-known fact that a little girl (since become a musieian, wife and mother) was once playing with her brothers at the back of the houee when Bhe foil over a aliff 100ft. high. They mado their trembling way down tho cliff to inapcot the mangled corpse, and found not even her ghost there. The girl on rcaobing tho bottom had simply given herself a shake and run off, with not so much as a twisted ankle to remind her of tho adventure. Gold was struok in a gravo-yard in Woatralia recently, and tho bone-yard ^waa oventually thrown open to the diggers and pegged out elmost instantly. The diggers had to work in olosc juxtaposition'"with the corpBe/iand now and again coffins^were set aside to enable the money»grubbers to get at the waBh. This was at Kanowna, and thore ia a'weirdryorn of a noW'chum digger who found a gold-stoppod tooth in his dish when washing off a prospect, and showed it. all about the place as a speci men. In the rush for /the'spoil fine\feoling does not count for muoh. As it was put by a looal authority: " When we're after the oof we don't lot tho living stand in'our way j why should we let tho dead?" snakes are the Uaib ot the fniuppmoB.— The enakef aro the professional ratcatchers In the Philippine Islands, and every wel!fl regulated household rans*- havo its snakes • Nearly all of the older bungalows in Manila/ a correspondent writes, * ponses* what aro callod houae-anaki s, liugo reptiles generally twelve or fourteon feet long, and as' thick as a fire - ongino hos«», that permanently reside up in in the roof and livo on rata. 'J h«»R0 bi^ creatures are harmle^n, and rarely, if over, leave their abode*. Judging from the noise over my oloth ceiling, a pair of thedo pets find pasturage up above, aud I can hear them whacking around nbout once a week in their chase after rata. Thi-y are gnod though | noisy rat cttcbois ; but since they must needs oat all they catoh, their ofijeienoy seems to be limited to their length of stomach. The only way to get rid of the rats soema to bo to buy moro snakef, and this is simple enough, for yon often soo the natives hawking them around in town, tha boas curled up around bamboo pole?, to which their heads aro tied. America bonBt* of the only lady jockey in the world, if that is anything to be proud of. This feminine rival of tho celebrated Sloan is Mrs W. A. Bagwill, of Oaraon Oity, Nevada, During last season Mrs Bagwill rodo five timrs, and won two racco, and was not once unp'aced. 1 She is 24 years of age. and has boon married for Gve years. She is of medium stature, petite in figure, but well proportioned, and^turns the scale at 7sfc 31b. In the saddle, when ready for a race, Mrs Bagwill wears bifurcated skirts, not so wide and loose as to catch too much wind and thereby impvdo the progress of her horse, Imt fitting neatly. She rides astride, well forward over the horse's shoulders, and with whip, tpurs, and Btendy hand pilots her mount like a veteran.1 