IzADIKW' OOLCJMN ENGLISH LETTER. Soen we shall have to begin to talk aboUt tbose half-yearly blessings so dear to a feminine heart— the sales ; though we -seem only just to have finished disposiiig bf the pnrohases made by us at sue winter sales. I know for a faot that toe means of haying delightfully np-to-date materials will be ready to hand for us, because I have inter viewed certain authorities on the subjeot, aud, therefore, this week I have been setting down various models, wMch will be oonven ient for using the materials wMoh we shall inevitably acquire during these exoiting times, and also for fitting us out well for the holidays, when .it is a duty,- as well' as a pleasure, to attire ourselves in the freshest and daintiest style.possi&le.; And knowing that muslins will be among the artioles which we shall seonre, I want to tell yon of some of the most stylish modes wMoh I saw for the Goodwood race's. ;» .... One of toe most attraotive of those was a large -patterned cerise and wMte muslin, made up over a foundation of -toe same 'brilliant shade. Bather startling, you will say; but though, perhaps, it may sound absurd, I must tell you that the impression it made on me was that there was too mnoh of it to be startling. The whole effeet was good. The skirt boasted two deep flounces, one above the other, and the upper one was headed by four rows of cerise and wMte ribbon, very narrow, and gathered into the usual 1 little ruohe. The under, or lower, flonnoe was only allowed two rows of the trimming, and each was bordered with laoe. : The bodioe had its little peculiarity, as every self-respeoting bodioe muBt have nowadays. Instead of everyone being alike ; in garments of one prevailing out and shade, it is considered good form to have your own distinctiveness, and a. woman who would have the courage aud also the position to sot- the fasMon of carrying her hat by its strings' instead of wearing it on her head, would be hailed by an admiring orowd, delighted at finding sometoing original. Well, you have not forgotten the gathered ribbon of oerise and white with which the skirt -was trimmed. This figured very largely indeed on the bodice in question ; in faot, a deep yoke was formed of many rows of it, and a very pretty effeot it had, quite novri aud out of toe Ordinary.- ; ' And so jeasy,M murmured to myself when I looked at it, thinking of the fripnds of Oua' Hokl who liked to' employ their bleverness in .making things with their own .hands. Bat if yoa would use the idea, mind and get toe stripped ribbon, as it was thiB that gave it ;8uoh agoodeffeot. V - ! f-r-'-'i ! - .. >. There was a beantif ally arranged shoulder drapery of very soft cerise silk mousseline, '.arranged fiehu-wise, and drawn dovrii to the 'left side of the bodice. It fastened with a great bow of brbad ribbon ih.the two eolonrs, wMoh also composed a twisted beltronna the traist; and < this brings me to a little; fact wMoh yon ought to- khbwV';.: Almost every dress boasts some sort of! 'shonlder! 'drapery now; generally of bhiffon, and "this ; 'style of trimm'ng is . not intended only for muslin or silk gowns, but appears also on cloth -and oashmire in the ; most; reckless fasMon/ , - ' - . V- This .idea of inixingnp ' materials In rather a strange way grows in pnbliq> favour.; There was one skirt wMoh !Y '-parrioularly. admired, audi by the way,; toejramour is oorreot that the very, very tighf%kiEt8 are 'on toe wane,- or, rather, the love'of them, I : should say ; the skirts are begiiming to show a faint suggestion of a fold, or a ghost of a .gathering, at the baok,! and-the-foundarion of toe -skirt T am going to desoriba now, being only made this week, had this hopeful' little suggestion. ' ' The foundation was of wMte silk, ivory: wMte, and the muslin (for, of oourse, it -was" muslin) - Was ' of- a delioato faint heliotrope, with violet oornfiowers all over it. ! It had a pointed' front aitd two very itill scalloped flounoes, which were' bound with rich .violet velvet. TMs gave them a solidiiy which is not expeoted of a muslin. This was not all; however ; each flounoe was edged above the velvet -with a - narrow,- batter-eoloured Yalenoiennes laoe, piit; on toe wrong way np. I hope yon understand this. InstiM of - the -lower edge of the lace going! to the lower .edge oftheflousoe, it was reserved. The bodioe had a very full draping of violet- edged ohiffon in many frills, and a annL wtAlai woltror . ffia VnAwali" eared collar. Eaoh sar was Mged with butter-coloured laoe;- It had elbow sleeves of muslin, wlto the frills - of ohiffon. These latter are. troublesome, but the- beauty! of the elbow sleeveia a very'powerful oompensatioh for it, and I am sure we shall not eomplaih. 