SAUCY JESSIE. A MIDNIGHT VISIT. I For aa instant fclie world seemed closing wound Hubert Varriclc. Was this some terrible apparition standing before him — some spectre from tho yawning grave that confronted him p He raised his hands, as though be would ward it off, and fell back with wild, fascinated, staring eyes. ' Gerelda !' ho mntterod again. ' Surely jny eyes deceive mo P' A low, bitter laugh broko from tho white lips upon which ho gazed. ' You will nnd mo human enough, sho cried. ' I repeat that I am here to claim you!' Hubert Varrick fell back heavily against the mantel. It soemed to him, in that ono brief instant, that death itself was stealing oyer him. Ho tried to speak, but tlio words soemed frozen in his throat. Sho camo forward aud caught his trembling hands in hor own. He mado no attempt to unclasp her clutching fingers. ' I am come in the vory nick of timo, it appears. Tho report has readied mo that you are about to wed another. Is that true P Answer me !' ' Heaven holp mo, it is but too truo !' ho returned, in a voice that sounded scarcely ? human. Gerelda flung herself down in an arm-chair opposite him. ' Now that your wife is with you once -again, you aro saved the trouble— just in time, too — of wedding a new ono ;' adding : ' You are not giving me tho welcome which I expected in my husband's home. Turn on the lights and ring for evory ono to come hither !' sho commanded, strotohing out her hands towards tho grateful fire, and throwing back her dark, curly hoad, from which the hood which had enveloped it had fallen back. ' Bid every one gather horo and welcomo me without delay !' Ho shuddered. It seemed to him that ho could never livo through such an ordeal. Five short momonts ago ho was the happiest man on earth, and now, Heaven holp him, ho had fallen to tho vory depths of Hades ! How could ho look up and meet the gaze of Jessie's horrified eyes, if sho came hurrying into that room to find out what all this com motion was about, and saw and understood .what had happonod to him and to her P Tho torture of the thought almost turned his brain. He rose unsteadily, aud staggored to n chair whoro ho had flung his hat and overcoat when he had entered tho room, and Bhaking in ovory limb, donned thom. ' What aro you going to do P' asked Gorolda, suspiciously ; adding : ' You need not attompt to fly from mo and escape me, Hubert Varrick ; you could not do that, though you woro to fly to the othor end of tlio world.' ' I do not intond to do so, Gerelda,' ho answ'ored, wearily. 'I am going to leavo this houso, but I will tako yon with mo. I do not know whoro you liavo boon all tlieso long and woary months. You Bliould have sent for me, when you found yourself saved from the torriblo wreck, in whioh I firmly bolioved you had gone down into a watery grave— ay, you should havo sont for mo, and not havo allowed \- jmo to livo in ignorauco, all those months of tlio truo state of affairs.' 'I wonder you do not ask why I did not . stay away altogether,' sho cried, mockingly, ? 'and leave you to find liappinoss with the girl you liavo fallen in lovo with, and havo beon paying court to, while you bolioved mo scaroly cold iu my grave 1' A doop groan was his only answer ; but down in his heart tho wild thought that lio wished to Heaven sho had stayed away found lodgment for ono brief instant, ' 'I declino to loavo this houso with you, liko a thief in tho night. You shall ring tho boll and awaken tlio household. It iB my . wish.' 'My grief is already as great as I-oan boar,' ho retorted, bitterly. ' Aro you trying v to goad me on to madness P' 'I want to bo brought faoo to faoo with your socond lovo, and to hottr you toll lior, boforo me, that the littlo cvoiit whioli was sot ;clown for to-morrow is now off. It is no hardor for her to bear than it was for mo to corao back only to find preparations going on for your oxpootod murriago with anothor. I want to hurl her down from hor tlirono of happiness, and tram pip upon hor heart, .be ? cauBO she has taken you from mo, Call for hor to bo brought to this room at onco, ' If ? ' you vofuso to ring the bell, I shall.' Again Hubort Varriok criod out. that ho coulcl not bear it j ho ploadod with her to \- leavo tho houso with him; that since Hoavon I 'had brought hor back to him, ho would malto 'tho best. of ib'| all 'that, ??'ho' would ask would bo that sho should oomo quiotly away with him. ' ' , ' This did not suit Gerolda at all ; sho had ; , sot hor hoart upou abusing Jossio Bain to her ??? ?' Jioart's contont,, and she would brook no refusal, Sho sprung hastily for the boll-ropo. : ; i Divining hor objoct, ho caught hor arm, ' Hold, woman !' ho cried ; I command you!' .. . 1 ? .' ? , If ho had not beon so intensely oxoited ho : would havo realized, ovon in that dim light, ? ' ' that thoro was something horribly wr ong about hor 5 that onco moro roason, which had boon ' until so lately olouded, wavoro'd in tho balaiico, ' ? ' Unhaiad me, orl shall soroam I' sho cried, Vnrrijbk placed ono hand hurriedly ovor hor mouth, in his agony hardly hooding what ho waa doing. . ' ' 'For tlio lovo of/'Hoavcn, I beg you to lis , ton to mo!' ho oriod, ' You must— you shall !' ' ? ; . ' ' , 1 Sho sprang backward from him, falling heavily over ono of the chairs aB sho did so. ? 'Thoro wns a dull, heavy thud whioh awakened ? with n start tho Blooping butlor/ on tho floor below. With ono bound he had reached the door that opened upon the lower corridor. Again the sound was repeated, and ho could faintly distinguish tho hoarse tones of his master and another voice. 'Thieves! robbers!' he ejaculated under his breath. His first impulse was to cry aloud, but the next moment it occurred to him that t.he better plan would bo to break upon the mid night intruder unawares, and assist his master in vanquishing him. Tho door was ajar, and in the semi-darkness ho beheld Hubert Varrick, his master, strug gling desperately with some dark, swaying figure. In that self-same instant Varrick 'tripped upon a hassock and fell backward, striking his head. heavily ngainst the marble mantel. Tho faithful butler lost no timo. Quick as a flash he had cleared tho distance between the door-way and that other figure — which attempted to clutch at him iu turn — and raising tho knifo ho had caught up from tho table of the room below, he buried it to tho hilt in tho swaying, writhing form, The next instant it fell heavily at his feet. In that instant a moan, that sounded won derfully liko a woman's, foil upon his horrified ear. Varrick did not rise, though tho terrified butler called upon him vehemently. Ho had tho presence of mind, even in that calamity, to turn on tho gas, and as a flood of light illumined the scono, ho. saw, to bis great horror, that it waB a woman lying at his feet — ay, a woman, into whose body he had plunged that fatal knife ! — while his master lay unconscious but a few foot distant. ' Holp ! I am dying !' gasped tho woman at his feet. Thoso words recalled his scattered senses. Self-preservation is strong within us all. As in a glass, darkly, tho terrified butler, realising what ho had done, saw arrest and prison beforp him, and realised that tho gallows yatvned boforo him in tho near future. Tho thought camo to liim that thoro was .but ono thing to do, and that was to mako his escape. Every moment was precious. His Btrainod ear caught tho sound of a coipmotion on tho floor abovo. Ho know in an instant more, they would find him there with tho toll-talo knife, dripping with blood, in his hand. He flung it from him and made a dash frpm tho room. It was not a moment too soon, for tho opposite door, which led to tho private-stair- way, had barely closed after him oro tho sound of approaching footsteps was plainly heard hurrying quickly toward tho library. In that instant Hubort . Varrick — who had been dazed by his fall, and tho terrible blow on his head caused by striking it against tho mantel — was struggling to a sitting posture. Hubort Varrick had scarcely rogained his f«et oro tho portieres woro flung quickly aside, and his mother and half a dozen sorvants appeared on the tliroshold. A horrible shriek ront tho air as Mrs Var rick's eyes fell upon hor son, who stood boforo hor dishevelled dross aud hair, liis]faco pale as doath, and the figure of a woman but a few feet from him, with a knifo lying besido hor. ' What does it mean P' shriokod Mrs. Var rick. He pointed to tho fallen figure. 'Gerelda has oomo back to torture mo, , mother !'. lis cried. CHAPTER L. A TERKIBLJD ACCUSATION. ' See, it is Gerolda, come back from the dead !' ho criod again, pointing to the figure. By a torriblo effort Gorelda struggled to hor knoos. 'Hear mo, ono and all!' sho cried. ' Listen ; wbilo yet tho strongth is mino, I will proolaim it!' Soo, I am dying— that man, my husband, is my murderor I ? Ho mur dered me to keep mo from touching tho boll rope — to toll you all I was horo !' With this horrible accusation on hor lips, Gorelda sunk back unconscious at tho foot of' Hubert's mother. Who shall picture tho scone that ensued P ' It is false — all falso— so holp mo Heaven !' Hubert' panted. That was all that he could say. . ? The horrified oyos of all the servants woro bont upon him, and he road in thom distrust and griof sad to behold. ? Tho sound of tho commotion within had reached tlio street, and had brought, two of tlio nightwatclimon hurrying to the scono. Thoir loud peal at tho boll brought down a servant, who admitted thom at orioo. In a trice thoy had sprung up tho broad stair-way to tho landing abovo, from whonco tho oxoited voices proooodod, appearing on tho threshold just iu timo to hoar Gorolda's torriblo accusation. Thoy orossod tho room with hurried foot stops, and each laid abandon Hubort Var-' rick'B shoulder. 'You will have to como with us,' thoy said.- ^ ? Mrs. Varriok sprung forward1 and flung herself on her knoos .boforo thom. 'Oh, you must not, you shall not tako him !' she criod ; ' my darling son is innocent!' ' , It was a morcy to Hoavon that unconscious ness camo upon hor in that, moment and tlio dread liapponings of the world woro lost to hor. There was tho'bitterost wailings from tho old Borvarits as the mon of tho law lod Hubert Varrick away. In tho excitement no one hnd remomborod Gorolda; now' tho servants „ mado haste' to quickly raiso her. Sho was carriod to a boudoir aoross tho Iiall, and a dootor sumrnonod without delay. Ho soon arrived} but whon ho bont ovor Gorelda, tlio gravity ,of his faco answered thoir questions bettor than any words oould havo dono. ,l You think thoro is no hope ?' interrogated tho housokoepor. Ho shook his hoad. ? '.'/!£ this poor girl roooyors it will bo littlo short .of a miracle,'/ lio rospondod j ' and. moro than likoly, sho will bo a oripplo for life,' Through all this ' commrition Jessie Bairi slopt on, littlo roalising the trngic ovonts that wero transpiring around hor, No ono thought of awakening hor. V ? Tho suu was shining bright and oloar wlion ' sho opoucd her oyos on tho light tho noxt morning. How strangely still tho houso soemod ! For a moment Jossio was'bowildorod, ' Had it not boon that tho sun lay in a groat bar in tho contro of tlio room' — and it novor roaohod this point until nearly eight in tho morning-^sho would hayo thought that it was vory, vory oarly, ? * ' My woddiug-day !' murmurod tlio girl, slipping from hor couch, and, gazing through the laca-drapod windows on the whi to world without. The sun lighted overy bush and tree as with myriads of sparkling diamonds, and even the crusted walk glittered joyously boneath tho warm, bright, yellow gleam. ?' My wedding day,' said tho girl again. ' how good God is to mako it so beautiful ! Had it been snowing heavily, or dark and gloomy, thero would have been a chill over my heart.' She looked around hastily. Tho accustomed little bunches of roses or violets from Hubert, which wero wont to greet her gaze each morning, sho missed now for tho first timo. She wondored if he could havo forgotten them on this of all other mornings. Jessie leisurely proceeded to drosB herself. She had scarcely put tho finishing touclioB to her toilet ere tho maid appeared. There was something in her appearance that caused Jessie to look at her in wonder. The girl's faco was very white, and Bhe was trembling violently, ' What is tho matter P' asked Jessie, in wonder. ' What has happened to you, my poor girl P Do not feel worried that you were not hero in timo to dress me. I did not ring for you.' ' It isn't that, miss — oh,' it isn't that !' _ » i n . -. « ? ? i_ ? tt r\\\\. ? »__-i siua me girJ, Beginning to cry. uu, wo ye all had such a terrible night of it! They sent me to break it to you, but I — I don't know how to begin; it's all. so dreadful f Promise me, Miss JesBio, that you won't fall down dead at my feet when you hear what I have to tell you.' 'My good girl,' said Jessio, gravely, 'pray calm yourself. Oome in and sit down ; don't stand thero wringing your hands. What is it yoij. havo to say to mo P You act as though you had just encountered a ghost.' ' I have,' sobbed the girl, clutching at tho mantel for support. ' Somo one whom wo all believed dead has risen from tho grave and confronted ub !' 'That is shoor nonsense,' said Jessie, impatiently. ' I thought you had moro sopso than to talk like this ;' and sho laugod a littlo low, musical laugh. ' You wouldn't laugh if you know who it was, ma'am.' Jessio looked at her curiously. ' Who waB it P' she asked, humoring tho ' Master — Hubert's ? — wife — Gerolda !' gasped tho maid. ' A thunderbolt from a clear sky, tho earth sudeonly opening beneath her feet, could not havo startlod Jossio Bain more than those , words. Sho quito believed, the girl had sud denly gone mad. ' It is truo, Miss Jessie,' sobbed the girl. ' It happened last night, at midnight. Sho came horo ; no ono admitted her ; riono of the sorvants know how sho got in. Sho con fronted Mastor Hubert in tho library ; and, oh, thoy had such a bitter, bitter quarrel ! and he — oh, how can I utter tlio Words to toll you what happened ? — he — tried to kill hor,- ho was so sorry that sho camo back ; and sho lies under this roof, not oxpocted to livo ; and — and thoy havo taken him away ; and thoy all say that if sho dies ho will have to go to tho gallows for it !' Jessie Bain stood, white, motionless, rigid. .The words had fallen upon her heart lilcb drops of molten load. Sho did not sliriolc, nor cry out, nor uttor any moan. It Beomed to hor that every drop of blood in her body had turned to' ice in her veins. Tho girl never forgot tho horror that camo into her blue eyes'. ' Sit down, Miss Bain, I beg of you !' Bobbed tho girl. ' Do not look liko that — thoro is doath in your face !' ? Jossio suffered tho maid to lead her to tho noarost chair, and sho sunk down upon it all in a heap. ' Is it truo,' slio whispered, in a voico that sounded like nothing human ; ' tell me that I shall awakou soon and find it all a droam — a horriblo droam !' 'I wish to Heaven it' was ma'am, but it's all too truo. Mrs. Varriok lies on hor couch in her room, nearly dead with tho shook of it. Sho sont.mo to toll you all, and to try to spoalc somo poor words of comfort to you. But I do not know what to say to you — your griof muBt bo so great — and this was to havo beeii your wodfling-day.' ' Hush !' cried Jessio Bain, in an anguished voico. I oannot bear it ; your words ai'o driving mo mad. Leavo me, I pray you ; it is truly tho greatest kindness you could do mo. It would bo a moroy if I — oould dio !' There was puoh a look' upon , lior faco that tho maid was fearful oE leaving her. , ' Do lot mo sit with you, Miss JesBio, sho boseechcd. ' I will keep vory quiet ; I will uttor no word. Only lot mo bo noar you'— to bo within reach— if you should happen to nood mo.' ' No,' said Jossio, wearily ; leavo mo !' Still the maid expostulated, and was loath to go. Sho had soon just suoli a look on tho faco of a woman with whom slid had onoo lived, who had committed suioido whon sho found horsolf alone for tho first timo, after a groat griof had fallen upon lior, -and she was fearful lost the same thing might befall beautiful, haploBS Jossio Bain.^ Sho rosolved, in hor own mind, not to loavo hor by herself, at all hazards, but to remain within oasy oalling distanoo. Quiotly slipping into an adjoiniug room separated only by heavy porliares, tho maid sunk down ou an ottoman, nnd waited breath? losslyfor tho least sound or move. An hour drngged its slow longth , by. Thoro was not tlio slightest sound to bp hoard, from tdo room in whioh slid had so lately loft Jossio Bain. ' Tho hush that porvadod tho placo soomod doathliko in its into'nsity. . ' If, sho had heard tlio sound of weeping, though it woro ovor so violent, it would liavo relieved hor. Sho could not ovon hoar tho sound of broath ing, ' ' Anotlior half liour drifted by. Tho maid oould stand tho susponoo no, longor, Quiotly stealing to tho porliorcB, sho parted thom with a trombling hand, and poorod into tho adjoining boudoir, Ono hnrriod glatioo about, and a cry ot dismay burst from hor lips. The long French window, was opou , Jossio : Bain waB . not thoro I w With hor heart almost in hor mouth, tho girl dashod aoross tho room and up to tho window, Idoking fearfully out and down upon tho white Bnow- drifts on tho ground below., | ' . ? (7.'o be continued,) 