oufsriuETS. T b s annoncoem eoi th a t tbs asp h alt in Liverpool S tre e t bos proved a failure and th at extensive repairs in th at very costly w ork a re about to be undertaken should arouse th e resid ents in tb e outlying streets to aotion. T h a t tb ere baa been serious oause for com plaint in the distribution of tb e public w orks expenditure of tb e Council baa beeu only too apparent, an d tbe latest m uddle in coanection w ith tbe asp halting o f the stre e t named should ju s t about prove to be tbe pro v erb ial last straw . W e wonld like to see a retu rn called for by one of th e alderm en show ing the to tal cost of th e asphalting done in Liverpool and E lizabeth S treets, and also a second re tu rn showing tb e ex* peo d ito reio tb edifferentstreete of the C ity. T hen we im agine some light wonld be th ro w n onth esu b jectu D d er dwonsBi'on, a n d th e result would prove a revelation to many. I t is undeniable th a t w hilst large sum s of m oney are being squandered on oostly experim ental w ork, which in one j notorious c a se at- le a st bss proved a failure, som e of tb e streets in tbe ootlying portions of th e Oity a re in a disgraceful condition— worse i s fact th a n in a s ta te of n atu re. T he streets bave been form ed and tb a t is all — traffic cu te them n p until iu w inter th ey are n o th in g b e tte r than a series o f tnudboles. W h ilst the C orporation is to be com m ended for attem pting to p lace the p rincipal slreete in good order, tb ere should be som ething like a fair recognition of tbe claim s of those living in tb e outlying portions of tb e City. E specially should tb e drains receive atte n tio n — these a re absolutely a m enace to th e public health in certain streats. Now, it should be rem em bered tb a t tb e residents of these streets pay tb eir full share of taxation, a n d it is desirable that settlem ent in these streets should be encouraged. T be land being cheaper, workm en’s cottages and residences of a better description are erected in these streets. In v e ry many ioat&noea; these houses represent th e th r if t of tb e poorer classes—a few pounds bave been saved o u t of th e scanty earning*, husband, w ife, and children all being deprived o f some of tbe few good things tb a t should really b e w ithin th eir reach, and w hen a sufficient sum has thus been scraped togethei then eith er ih ro n g h tb e m edium of a building society o r the moch*abuBed m oneylender—w ho in these days is generally satisfied with a fa ir rate o f interest— the fam ily become possessed of th a t inestim able blessing— a Home. I t is sorely desirable th a t this should be encouraged, ra th e r than see th e w orkers herded together in overcrowded lanes and by-streeta off the main thoroughfares in the h eart of the oity. T he Council should realise these foots, should look a t tb e m atter in all its phases and w ide-reaching infloonces, and, above all, should recognise th a t there is a very general feeling of discontent in som e of tbe outlying portions of the city. This feeling w as p u t to a practical use a t the last m unicipal elections—one canidate a t least securing his Beat on tbe votes of those w ho thus em phasised beir p ro test again st tbe existing un* qual d istrib u tio n , and tb e neglect of one im p o rtant su b u rb --W e st H obart. Now, w e ventu re to say, th a t if the Alderm en will personally v isit some of these o u tlying btreeta, see th e wretched condition of tb e thoroughfares and draioB th a t th e y will pause before expending any larger ecune on as* p h alting streets before the practically unm ade streets are a t leaet made passable in w inter. Tbe reeidente of some o f these street* com plain th a t they n ev er see an A lderm an except* iogon tb e eve of en election, and not uu n ataraily they are beginning to fee! that if tb e Alderm en can do w ithout them fo r tbreo y ears, th a t they in tnrn can do w ith o u t those individual Alder* men fo r the following three years. Tbe question is an im portant and Berioos one, and nnlees th e Council take it n p p rom ptly they m nst not be surprised if th e electors them selves deal w ith the subject in a practical m anner — th ro u g h the ballo t box when th e n ex t M nnioipsl elections take place. Philharmonic S ociety—All members and subscribers »re ssked to attend the annual meeting ou Monday evening at the Town HmU fit 7.46 pju. Alter ike meetifig rehearsal will be held. Ooubt or RxquxsTB.—The following oaaea are set down for bearing, before M r Commissioner Shew, at th e Supreme Gonrthouae, ttaoqoarie street, on Monday morning next, a t 10 o'clock—-Chalmers v. RilietODand another, Hood v. Kirk, Crawford v. Brown. Ix n ’MCTioit of Sxocx.—Every soperinfondeat in the colony bne been appointed an aieiitant inspector of etock under tbe Stock Act. Ohikibb I mmigration. — I t baa been stated tbat the Chinese Immigration Act has baa sot boon brought into operation in Tasman ia to prevent tbe landing of Chinpee imrnigrntitB. Until yosterday the Government were not in a position to more in tbe matter bb the Royal Assent to tbe Aliens Exclusion Bill passed last session, was not received nntii Friday last. The ' Premier has now instructed tbe Inspector f Customs to carry oat the provisions of he statute, so far as it relates to colored liens landing in tbe colony. Found—The old woman Ruth Smith, who was missing from her home in Washington street since the 21st inet. and thereby caused her relatives much alarm, h&B; been discovered in tbe Charitable Institution at New Town. Police Court—There were no esses set down for hearing at the City Police Court this morning. T bs T o u ts L avsllx—Cbarles Lavelle, the youth who a short time ago caused tbe police some trouble and was sentenced to five y e a n in the Training School at New Town, absconded from tbe Institution yestezd«y. He WBsarrpated at his father1 residence in Welimgtoo street late 1*e sight, and has since been taken back to the Training School. Public Wobbb Tenders —The following ublis works tenders have been accepted— toad, Tetanus to Port Arthur, contract 8, H. Q uarrel £41 Is 3d, subject to a redaction of workatrcbedule prices to extent of £8 l e 8d ; road, «Tynyard to Wilkinson' Plains, contract 5, Alexander ai d <3Un £83 4* fid; road. Pine read, branch Blythe, contract 13, Peter PricA, .£130, subject to a reduction prices to extent of £80; road, Cast I Forbes Bay road extension to Crown lands, contract 0, Denis Darcy, £87 J 5» 9d; Melrose Creek to Moon's and oth-re. tract 8, E. Whitcombs, £82 11c Id ; road McHugh's rotd, contract 3, M. McGrail, £110 8s 10d, subject a redaction of work at schedule prices to extent road, Gunn’a Plains road (river r< ute) contract C,E. Wbitcombo, £259 15s 9d ■abject to a reduction of work at e -bedule prices to extent of £58 ; roads, parish Oyster Cove, road to selections of G r* and Direen, contract 42, T. 6. Harding, £23 4« 6d, subject to a reduction of work a t schedule prices to extent of £6 4s 6d ; roads, parish of Paikbam, road to selections • f Crawford ^nd o bere, contract 13, T. Kenton, £88 5s 6d; 8 ateeehool. Sawyer’s Creek, erection of, Lonia HoxJey, £113 ; State echoulund residence, Pateena, additions alterations and repair*, A, G Stokes, £139 10s j State school teacher'* residence, Sheffield, erection of, W. Jeffrey, £295 lOe State school. Queenstown, additions, W. J Andrews, £179. I t is unnecessary to tramp the city search of Bargains t-y coming direct to 41 Murray Street Swift lnd LrvmoeTOP Drapers and Clothiers. O ut Shopping,—Som© amusement w caused in Murray street yesterday by number of L&ecate; from R.fa.S. Britannia, who were ont on a thopping tour, dark skinned strangers wanted to buy a sewing machine, and if thifi article was at all reasonable they were prepared to open up negotiations for the purchase of conple. A well known general dealer M oney street had the very articles the strangers wanted They were not particular about the brand or tbe ctitch, neither was the seller. The difficulty th a t stood tbe way of a quick turnover wae tbe circumstance that the dealer spoke pure T&flma;&its; and the Lsscars a dialect tba 1 knocked pigeon English into a heap. People of all degrees gathered round re witness the transfer of tbe machinos, and the interference of one or two local linguists complicated matters instead of advancing them. At U st tbe dealer got his price, and tbe Liecars tiro machines, with needles and gear strong enough to run a seam round the dews of the abeamer’a trysail. AN ABORIGINAL RELIC.—The following letter has been received by a police officer at Hobart who takes a great interesting in collecting relics, from a resident of Woodbridge:—" Woodbridge, 23rd February. 1890\. Sir,—1 am sending you an old necklace of shells which was made and worn by Queen Flora, a Tasmanian aboriginal. In October, 1854, Flora took these shells off her neck and gave them to Mrs R. Meredith for having done her a kindness. Mrs Meredith still lives at Oyster Cove, and she valued the shells very greatly." It was well known by the residents of Oyster Cove that Mrs Meredith had these shells in her possession, and a letter from her arcompanied them, stating that she had received them from Queen Flora in the year mentioned. The necklace bears an antiquated appearance, and will be greatly prized by the recipient as an important aboriginal relic. ^F ire Enqujby.—An enquiry into tbe circumstances of a fire that occurred at Margate on the 14th inet, whereby two barns containing a quantity of bay and chaff, the property of Mr| J. R. Worsley, were destroyed, was held at Margate yesterday, b^-for* the local coroner, Mr 0. Dixon. Acting-Superintendent Cook and Snb-Inepector Newell represented the police, and after evidence of an exhaustive nature had been taken an open verdict rets rued by the jury. 8wnv and Ltyinqston’s for Drapery and Cloth ng. Every day is bargain da; a t 41 M om y street. A P riest's S lif o f th e T ongue—An «mu«ing blunder was made hy a priest at St John tbe Evangelist's (Catholic), Islington. Having rend a list of the parishioners lying sick, and also tbe nsmes of those recently deceased, for whom the prayers of the congregation were invited, be proceeded to publish the banns ».f marriage between certain couples, Instead, bowerer, of adopting the customary introductory words, he commmeuced, “ And yo«r prayers are also requested for, etc," I t was too much even for the devotion of Catholic worshippers, and an audible titter rose from many members of the congregation. The Expenses oy a Circus.—Few, people who enentsnch an enjoyable three hours at 'Meeers Fitzgerald brothers’ circus, which performed at Devonpnrt on Wednesday night) says the North-WtsUm Advocate) have the faintest idea of what the daily expenses of a mammoth exhibition of this description amount to. Putting aside altogether the heavy initial outlay necessary to establish tbe company, the fact that small army _ of 40 _______ labore____ constantly employed to conduct the transport arrangements alone, and th a t the full company numbers over 70, must be significant fr-m a financial point of view, Providers will also learn with much satisfaction that no less than 88 horses are included in this exhibition. Theee animals of course require feed, and amongst butchers tbe fact th at there are seven cageB of wild animal* of carnivorous incuostioae must be eminently satisfactory Altogether thd expenses of this circus amount to, roughly speaking, over £800' per week. , We give trading stamps, we also give the best valne Id tbe city in Drapery and Clothing. Swift nnd Litikq. tdk. K illid bt a W .ooon.-A tr.reller printer named Chari™ Herder, nged about to Wermambool, wee ,m Wmineedny afternoon b , a eprinir w*glIon, laden with bottle,, p,/eioB orer him In the mornine, et Ter.nB, ho eeked G-orge Murrey (,he driter of th e w n^on) for n ride to Warrnnmbool. which wee S I 0."™ Wh,8V*b™ a™ miles from thie town onn of thB horBBe haoclted up, and " 7 ’2? .“° ^ ? * frMtl 0De, but the letter refused to etert off. Merder jumped down and got them going at a smart trot, and then « n d « n n d to get into the vehicle again by the front step Murray told him ? " * • but “ MdM slipped, and both wheels paesed over him. Death was mstantaneoDB. Murray, who brought the body to jVarrnHmbool, states th at * — n f a ' although oe he „„„ had mhad a a foe dnuke on the rood. L etter, found on him indicate th at he was a resident of Hocbkirch, near Hamilton, and of German I»J»ute*e DonotbamieJad—tho oheanast Draoere and Clothian in Hobart are S v rn r aKD Iim H o m o ii.d lito n ay itiM t v Hoh° * to Whom 'i t is Due —Tbe Mel- Lonrn HeroM of lu e .d a , laat doiling with Fod oration aaj..:—« j t mrpriaiog how quickly the Federal situation on the Sydney mde haB reaolved itself into a sioglo iwue. th a t involved in tbe oft-made dedaration th a t Sydney should be the Federal capital Early in the nineties, when the new, and now likely to prove successful, movement xn favor of Federation was inaugurated in this city, tbe wan who took initiative action was Mr TV. Crooke (now in Tasmania), then a prominent member or the Prahran Branch of the A N.A. And he opened by saying,"Let ne agree at once to Sydney being tbe Fedetal capital, then Federation is sure." Wi h each accuracy did he gnage public feeling north of the Murray. Short of omplete a eutreuder ae that is tbe pact ade by the Premiers, but, let it never be orgot'en, tbe agreement ia ibat tbe capital hall be fount in New South Wales. No other colony is left the ghost of a show of etting it." " J ack the Ripper."—A clergyman who now occupying a North country vicarage eclares that he is the repository of the ecret as to the identity of the author of he Whitechapel murders of 10 'years ago. He says that he received this kuowledgi rofessional confidence, with instructions o publish the fact after 10 years, with euch lterations as might prevent identification. The murderer he avers to be a man of good osition and otherwise unblemished haracter who suffered from epileptic mania, and is long since dead. Tbe gentleman h«s written the true etory and so'ution of t.he terrible perils if '* ripper ** crinjHB. ami t/uhmiited it, to a London daily paper for publication. Tbeonly in'oresting fact concerning the identity of tbe criminal which (he vicar allows to escape is that the man was engaged in rescue work East End am< ngst the claas of women who were b:e victims. Whilst the supposed facte up'in whiffh the story rests constitute a not improbable basis, tbe story itself enrrie • ue little further, since it is avowedly dressed up to prevent identifi :ation, and, io this re pact, it roeembb s the other disclosures which have b-en made. Far cbenper than at any sales. Sw ift and Lsvinqston’b ' Jotbing, it fits well and wears well. 41 Murray street. " A Saint in D istress."—At the Marylebone Police Court on January 10 a happylooking old woman, of 8G years of age, named Catherine Jeffery, appeared before Mr Piowden to answer the triple charge of heing drunk and disorderly and using obscene language. It appeared th at she believed with great violence on the way the p 'lice station, and it required t utmost cffone of two constable* to take her there. Mr Piowden expressed great urprise tbat an old woman, apparently very feeble, should be capable of such violence. " I t w*b like th is/’ explained the accused. " My husband went tounclo’i to get out roy cloak, so that I c uld go to church on Sunday, but he brought out the wrong bundle. (L aughter) Of course, wont to uncle's to put things right, and having had a drop of giD and beer, and having a fashion of talking very loud, the pawnbroker sent out for this gentleman— (p.-inting to a constable)—who cam* ‘ smiling and put his bands on me. Well, after a bit of to-do we left ihe shop, and. _ « jocular sort of way I said, ‘ It ’ud take five of the likes of you to catch me,' and I took to running iny level be-t. (Great laughter.) He ran after me and copt me. Hut as for using bad JaDgusgo—never, never in my life I am more for prayer—(more laughter)—and all day yesterday 1 spent in praying And singing hym ns" Mr Piowden: It i* a very sad thing to eee a gvod woman, a religious ouiau.a saint in disiress. (Laughter.) will b* fined 10?, or seven days. ^ B o p -tjcsin o .—Mr n titles he will commence hop-picking at G/enoraon Wednesday. Mr TV. E. Shoobridge intimates th at bop-picking will start Hushy Park on Tuesday, 7th March. □ train on preceding day of commencem ent of operations H arv est Thanxsoivjnu Service—Tbe auuuHl Harvest Thanksgiving Service will be held in the fllemurisi Church to-morrow evening, when the Rev, G. TV. Sharp will give an address. J ho choir, under the leadership of Mr J. Marsh, will siDg tbe anthem " Fear not, U land" (Sirnp.r) and "Thou crownest the year with Thy goodless’ (Simper). Offerings of truit, 'egotables, wheat, etc,, are solicited, and should be Jeft at Church as early as possible to-dey. E arly Closiku Association.—The Early Closing Association viriiors’ trip to Apsley, which had previously been postjtooed from tbe 15th io s t, on account of the destruction of the Durseehoe Bridge, ^ ill take placo n«xt Wednesday. Fares, Butchers* V ariety Company.—This omp«ay will make its re-Hppearnnce hn Temperance 'Hall on M.-nday in n onge, new danco?, and new jokes. Popuare announced and a bumpi ouf-e should be assured. Tit Ebk —A writ has beeD ieeufd for bo i*lec ion of a member of the Legialati ouncil for South Eak in the room of M tn«s Gibfoo, who ha« resigned. F ederal L eague.—Tho Right Hou. the ri-mier will address a public inset/ upon tbe pn-seot position of Federation the Town HaII on TVednesday next. ■I'heus Cluk Concert—A concert will ven by the Orpheus Club, in aid of tho Rifle Company, at tbe Protestant Hall, on Monday next. hwjMuiNG Carnival.—There will be swimming carnival a t Bandy Bay Bathe < Saturday next. ilors and can guarantee yon the b«i fit 