IN SESSION. The assembling of Parliament yesterday for its special session was characterised by an Unusual and commendable promptitude with the transac tion of the early part of the business. The' need less formalities .that each session hamper work, tho appointment of tho committees, for example, and the notices that havo to be given, might be out down considerably with very decided ad vantage. AVhat was done yesterday in a few minutes showed tills pretty conclusively. As tlie constitution of the committees is a matter of trivial consequence, a matter purely of ar rangement of private business within 1'arllament, It will probably dawii .upon members in the future that tho re-appointment of each session is a useless encumbrance that ought to bo abolished. Moving the Address in Reply fell to Mr. Whld- dou, a gentleman who quivered with nervousness as ho discoursed with quaint enthusiasm on some of tho larger elements of Federation. Mr. Whiddon used to be tremulously indignant when be fought against tho bill before. Now he effaces the ancient criticisms in view of the reduction of tho joint sitting two-thirds to an ab solute mnjority. Mr. Maliony, who was clearer and more forcible and ruoro conclso in his com ments, looked at the subject as ono which lay with the people. And Parliament, ho said, had uo right to stand In tho way ot tho people ex pressing their views on the bill. This subtle allusion aroused tho blttor indignation of Mr. M'Laughlin. It was a reflection on tho At torney-General, be said, "and I want to protect an absent man from insults." Mr. M'Laughlin will oppose tho amended bill all the timo, if his attitude towards it in tho afternoon was any indication. It was not difficult for Mr. Barton to give his unstinted support to the bill. He has given it to all bills having Federation for their object, with little regard to their details. IIo was for tbo bill of 1891. IIo was for tho bill of 1898. Ho ts for the bill of 1899. As he very justly remarked, borrowing tho sentiment from Richo- lieu, ho has stood by Federation through galu and loss, through political glory and disgrace. Ho has not many words to cat, ho has little to repent, bo is confronted by no serious ghosts of old enthusiasms. Thoro are provisions In this bill that ho objects to, or,' rather, provisions that he- should prefer to soo modified. IIo re affirms his hostility to tho Braddon blot, oven with Us specious 10 years' limitation, for the smalt States will be tho controlling Influonoo In finding a substitute. The absolute majdrlty at tho joint sitting ho very correctly recognised to be a constitutional advance, as, no iloubt, it Is. Mr. Barton minimises the danger from non- attondances, though non-attendancos may bo a danger that has not been BUfllclently reckoned with. Tho Opposition leader was prepared, lio said, to urge oven a simple majority. And for tho sottiomont of tho capital ho would have a commission ot experts, men of wide experienco, of great ability, Independent, unprejudiced — If thcro arc enough of these paragons available to select a site by private or public investigation. The financial clauses will do us no harm, because wo shall havo a surplus. Tho harm will be dono to tlio other colonics, who will havo a de ficit. For tlie rest, Mr. Barton was mostly congratu latory of the Government and complimentary to the Premier in particular ou his changed Federal attitude. The Premier himself did not relish tlio second part of the felicitations. The danger had beep in Mr. Barton, ho argued. Mr. Barton had swung into line with public sentiment. Tho dis content with the old bill had warned him that amendments must be accepted if Federation was to bo accomplished, and Mr. Barton was to be an agent iu the event. Mr. Reid's speech was in teresting and important, because it was the first public utterance since the Conference. The sido lights that it threw upon tho negotiations also gave it a special value. For it showed, though in a small degree, tlie steps which led to the ac- ccptanco by tlie Premiers of tlio bill as amended. But Mr. Reid was in tho peculiar position of standing up in strong defence of the Braddon blot, which used to be the subject of fervid denuncia tions when tlie old bill was before tlio country. Ono admission, that although there is power to impose direct taxation under tlio blot, still tho actual result will indubitably bo a heavy Customs tariff, indicated in tbe opinion ,of a number of members that the blot will absolutely destroy frectrade. Tho Premier attaches, naturally enough, tho highest importance to tho reduction of the three- fifths at the joint sitting to an absolute majority. It was the only concession of value obtained at the Conference, and, indeed, was a compromise on tlie demand of New South Wales that tlie volco of tlio States, ou great critical occasions, when the States and tbo people were ill conflict, should not prevail over the voice of tlio people. Mr. Reid's calculations aro that a sufficiently substantial gain has been mado under the amendment. Tlio capi tal was surrendered to New South Wales after difficulties. If It had not been, Air. Reid says, the cnpltal would undoubtedly go to' Victoria. Though Melbourne may. In fact, bo the meeting- place of tho Federal Parliament for "a year or tsvo," tho seat of Government rests in law in New South Wales. Melbourne will be only uomiually so. New South Wales will be constitutionally so. It Is the story over again of the man who was in gaol wlio couldn't be placed there. Tlie site ot tbe capital may not have been' fixed in tho interval, even as a location. But vaguely, Indefinably, it will be the scat of Government because the Con stitution will say that it shall be. The meeting of Parliament ill Melbourne is only a figment, a constitutional fiction. All the same, it will be an irrefutable fact. Tlie administrative departments ennnot v>n ill nnv imntmse« n.urt Mnw Wales, to be removed down to Melbourne, like a weatherboard cottage or a hawker's van, during the Parliamentary session. The idea of the seat of Government being in some undefined part of Now South Wales, while all tlie machinery of Government is being carried on in Melbourne, in quite a waggish thing in the way or a coucllt. If tlio other Premiers were Sydney property- owners, or shopkeepers, they might liave voted for Sydney as tho capital, says Mr. Reid. Sneering allusions to shopkeepers are unsafe as political talk In a constituency like tlie King. The shopkeepers' vote is a factor there more powerful tliau even the publicans'! Mr. Storey submitted an amendment, which ho vigorously supported. The amendment fore shadowed, as a necessity of Federation, a reduc tion in the membership ami pay of the Assembly, tariff concessions to manufacturers, aud the rc-moval of tbe direct taxation. The needs of tho selectors were voiced by several members. It was promised by the Minis ter that selectors should be liberally dealt with, and that if tho concessions exceeded the law nil indemnity would be asked from Parliament. But no legislation would bo introduced this ses sion. It was mentioned hy the Premier that voting on the referendum would bo allowed simply on tho production of nil elector's right. The debate was adjourned until this afternoon. Tho Council was not long in dealing with the Address in Reply. Dr. Cullen was in charge of it, and in a forcible speech he defended the ac tion of the Government. Last year this gentle man was somewhat doubtful as to tlie future of Federation in' tho hands of the present Govern ment, but he uow admitted that his fears had been removed, and ho congratulated the Ministry on the prompt action which was being taken to advance the movement. The point for tlie peoplo of this colony to consider was as to whether the blemishes of tlie bill had been dealt with in such a way that tho risk of trouble and failure was properly guarded against. Ho thought they had now obtained ihe best arrangements they could make, and nny further delay or op position would bo unreasonable. Replying lo ail interjection in regard to the; capital, he ad mitted that there was no power to compel tho Federal Parliament to leavo Melbourne, once it had been established there. Mr. Kctlicl said ho had no hesitation in accepting tho Consti tution with tho amendments agreed to at tho Premiers' Conference. IIo thought people had been raising up bogles, and frightening them selves with 'tlicm over tho bill. ; Dr. MncLaurin and Mr. Pllclier were caustic in their criticism of tho concessions obtained by tho Premier. Tho genial doctor assorted that Mr. Reid had been liko clay in tlio potter's hands with tho other Premiers in Molbournc, and they liad fash ioned him, as personifying the ' wishes of tills colony in regard to tho amendments wanted in the bill, after their own liking. Tho Q.C. was equally severe. He more than hinted that Mr. Reid was an Intellectual pigmy :whcti compared with the Victorians, and ho had not been ablo to gull them in the way ho did tho people here. Tills was rather rough oil tlio peoplo of tills colony, but R served tlio lawyer's purpose. Both these able debaters dealt briefly with the financial scheme and the site of tlie capital. With re gard to the finances, they pointed out 'that it was open to tho Federal Parliament to retain the Braddon blot till tho "crack of doom." The agreement entered into by tho Premiers was' that tlie clause was to be amended after ten years "if Parliament then desires to repual or alter it." It was tho same with regard to the capital. Tho matter was entirely in the hands of tho Federal Parliament. Mr. Pilcher put It tills way: — "New South Wales must first ot all agreo to a place. Suppose we make it Goulburn. Tlnf other colonies will suy, 'Oh, wo don't like Goul burn,' and then some other place will have to ho selected. It will go on in this way, and some timo, pcriiaps, in tho dim future,, when our sons and grandsons have been gathered to tlio turf, tho capital will bo located, not by New South Wales, but by Victoria and tho other colonics." Tho representative of tho Government did not add much to tho debate, and after two or tlirco others had spoken the motion was carried. The address is to bo presented to the Governor this afternoon, at half-past 9 o'clock, and mem bers are requested to meet at 2 o'clock sharp to proceed to Government House. 