AN INDIAN GHOST STORY. [ Ht F. H. Sterine tells a strange story ot what happened to bim when engaged in censos operations in the 'Jungipore aistriot of Bengal. He was spending the night ac the guest of an indigo manufacturer and his wife, both French. ' I was awakened in the dead of night,' says thc writer, 'and sat up, trembUug with the terror tUat comes once or twioe in a lifetime from the approaob of the unknown. A. child's voice came from without. In tones of agony it shrieked 'Mamma! Ajah !' I sprang through the open Freiich window iuto the tl >wer garden. All was still, except the thump of my heart as I listened intently. 1 ' must have been a jackal. I thought ; but hark, again the wail rang out-' Mamma ! Af ah !' This time there was no mistake os to the direction. The sounds came from the indigo vats, an appurtenance of ever) faotory. They are deep masonry cisterns, iu which the green plant ie immersed in order to extract the eoiouxiij,; matter. I ran down the avenue, climbed the party wall separating the row I of vate, and peered into the dark recose" of each. All were empty, save one filled with clear water to serve os a reservior for the garden ; and it (trowed no f-ign of human life. Filled with creeping fear, I turned and walked slowly towards the house over ground on which the feathery foliage of the oaeuarinoe seemed to be photographed by the moonlight. High above then mournful sough there came again the childish screams. I ran back to the vats, and searched each in vain ' S íall I alarm thebouaer' 1 asked myself. The feeling that human interven lion was uielens restrained me, and 1 sought uiy bed, whereon I tossed t'il looroiug sun {nerved the Venetian blinds. It was very ate, according to Anülo Indian ideas, ere I joined my entertainers at breakfast. There was something in my appearance which showed that all had not gone well, for I was pressed with questions as to whether I had slept soundly. I admitted that I had no-, and began to tell the strange episode of the night. Before the denouement was reached my hostess sank from her chair in a | swoon. M. Gilbert, as he ran to her ai- ; tistanoe, oast on me a glance of menace and j reproach I shall never forget With the help of the servants he carried the poor creatore to an adjoining bedroom, leaving mo in mute amazement at the effect of tay plain, unvarnished tale. After ten minutes or so he returned, and striding up to me, said, iu a voice trembling with tory. ' Wellt sir, what am I to underhand by this mys tification ?' ' What on earth do yon mean f ' Ve«, sir, mystification ; .rad permit me to observe that it is in execrable taste.' ito saying M. Gilbert brought hie podgy fist down on the table with a thump that made the hot-water dishes sound a carillon. Shifting my position to a point within reaoh of the carving-knife, in view of active hos tilities, I replied, ' Now, M. dilbert, per» haps you will explain the meaning of euoh language to a truest.' There was something in my manner whioh impressed the unhappy man. He grew calmer, and asked anxiously whether I had really heard the voice in the dead of the night, and whether I did not know the misfortune whioh had wrecked hts life, and was breaking his wife's heart. I assured him, on my word of honour, that I had heard his name for the first time on the previous day. ' Sir,' he replied after a pause, ' oar little boy was drowned a year ago in these vate.' 