WARREN. (From the Herald.) Mr, Joseph Nield inform us that dingoes are getting to be a great nuisance on the Marthaguy, and that they have been seen walking about boldly in the daylight. One was run down and killed by the selectors near with the aid of a couple of dogs. Mr. W. O'Brien, owner of the racehorse Camlet and other performers, was admitted into the Warren Hospital a short time ago, suffering from typhoid fever. He quickly developed dangerous symptoms, and, perforation ensuing, died on Friday last. Deceased is believed to have been a resident of Brewarrina, and was only twenty-eight years of age. A young man named Madden, employed at Wonbobbie, had a narrow escape of losing his life one day last week. While engaged skinning a bullock his knife slipped, and cut an artery in the right temple. Mr. Buckland gave first aid, and managed to keep pressure on the artery until Dr. Wilson arrived. Under his care Madden is improving, but was very weak from loss of blood. Mr. Charlos O'Hara, of the Public School, Warren, has been transferred to the Public School, Bluff River, near Tenterfield. Mr. O'Hara was educated at the Model School, Ballymena, and Marlborough College, Dublin, and entered the service of the Department of Public Instruction in 1893. After passing examinations in 1894 and 1890, he passed for second class in 1897 with exceptionally high marks and received his certificate in 1898, when he passed in geometrical drawing. He is A Queen's Prizeman, and holds first-class certificates in mathematics, magnetism and olectricity, and sound, light, and heat from the Science and Art Department, South Ken- sington, London. He became a member of the Phonetic Society in 1802, and has Sir Isaac Pitman's proficiency certificate in shorthand. One night this week a tired horse, with his bones poking through the skin from drought, walked into Mr. F. Smith's yard and calmly lay down to await results. Mr. Smith interviewed him in the morning, and decided that with a good feed of chaff the ancient might get strength enough to walk away. The horse put it away all right, but the shock of a good feed was too much for it, and he gave up the ghost. Then it cost Mr. Smith many shillings to have him taken way and cremated It came with considerable shock to the majority of the subscribers to the Warren Pastoral and Agricultural Association that the committee had decided upon abandoning the Show for this year, the more especially that some who voted for the step taken were not very long since eloquent in advocating a Show. However, as it was the pastoral element— who havo to provide the bulk of exhibits — who objected to the risk of any failure, the result, although disapointing, must be accepted by the other members of the Association. It would be no use holding a show with the representatives of five of the chief stations of the district holding aloof. Better no show than a failure, and after all, sheep form the head and front of the Warren Show's attractions. But the town people are not disposed to let the chief local holiday of the year go by. That bone of contention, the Challenge Sheep con- test, must be held, so it is said, and a poultry, dog, and juvenile work exhibition will be held, called, for want of a better name, a Carnival, and this, with the Annual Race Meeting, Gun Club's fixture, and other items, will furnish three or four days' amusement and instruution. The project has been entered into with enthusi- . asm, and will undoubtedly prove a success, the more so that the uroflts will Im devoted to that deserving institution, the Warren Hospital, Therefore those who are aggrieved at the loss of the Show can easily devote their energies to the new project. 