COR MUSWELLBROOK LETTER. [From our Reprhbentativb.] A Peculiar Fishino Incident.— One night during the week Mr. B. Doyle of Dartmouth aot a fish ' trap' in the Hunter River, near hiB residence,, and about three mile's from Muswellbrook; ' Upon going to examine the ' trap' after the lapso of dkie time, he found that he needed assistance to lift it, and the required help being promptly forthcoming, closer inspection rovealed tho fact that three very large eels had been caught, the biggCBt of which weighed sixteen pounds, and on opening the fish three good sizod perch were found in its Btomaoh. k -4 ValuabiiE Addition to the Stock op Tnia -'1 District — Toe Red Polled Breed. — Mr. Edward White, of Martindale, has purchased two Red Polled bulls from Mr. Philip Charley, of Belmont, Richmond. ' The, animals aro said to bo very, fino types of tbeir breed, and onb of thom is five or Bix, and the other two years old. Mr. Whi^o intends to cross thom with pure Durham, and they, are the first stook of tho breed that havo boen brought to this district. The Farmers' Demonstration. — A meeting o£ tho coramitteo of tho Farmers' Association waB' held in tho School of Arts on Wednesday afternoon, when there were present — MosBrB. B. Cowan (President), S, Thornton, P. Hoaly, W. Ireland,, and P. MoMahon. It wbb resolved that tho cus tomary banquet be held in connection with the coming yearly celebration, and that the Promier, Mr. Batton, the Attorney-General, tbo Minister of Works, and the Minister of Agriculture bo invited to tbo demonbtration. Official Correspondence — The Highways o£ the Electorate,— Mr. It, G. T). FitzGorald haa beon pointing out to tho authorities of tho Worka Department cbo urgent need of nooeBsary repairs and improvements being mado on tbe Upper Dart brook and Uppor Wybong road, from Buok Creek to Rouchol bridge over Warlands Crook, eto. ; and Meroury readers throughout tho electorate of Robertson, .interested in tho localities mentioned,-, will be pleased to hoar that the matters brought under notico will reccivo prompt official attention. A ICayuoa Giiost. — Tho story writers inform as that all old families havo tho traditional ghost in tbeir history, and not to be conneoted with this alleged phase of ' tho oupornatural is an unerring indication of nowneBB and unimportance. Localities rcBpmblo individuals in ?somo roBpbcts, and tho rogion of romanco must naturally claim moro attention and occupy a higher place in human OBtimntion than a commouplace valo or hill without a record of exciting inqidont or fanoiful legend. Therofore Kayuga — 'Tho Granary' of tho Uppor Huntor — has tho proud distinction of boing nblo to surpnflB in intoroBtb its neighbours, Wybong, Sandy Creole, and Musolo Crook, by having a ghost. The apporation too must bo of a vory highcasto, beoauso according to accounts it ia not bound to any par ticular spot, but shows itself at dlfforont places, and in difforont forme. Ono worthy gontloman in formed mo that ho buw tbo ghost ono night when he was returning homo from Muawollbrook, in tho form of a largo bluclc lion, whioh bounded aorosa tho road in front of him in mid air. The moon was brightly ahining nt a low attituto at tho timu, and fioooy clouda woro passing over hor face, forming a striking background that mado tbo fiercely rampart flguro of tho ghostly black lion ail thd moro conspicuous. I may say hero, iu pausing, that thoro was no Transvaal rumpus nt tho timo referred to or tho vision, from somo quarters might hav& beon viowed us an ominous one. Tho ghost would soom howovor to bo a chivalrbuB spirit, with fino inatinots oo ib has, bb far aa I can ' learn, novor appoarod to tho gontlo Bex in a terrifying aspect. On tho contrary, when Boon by womon it has boon in an exquisitely luminous form— a lovoly light, they say— and therefore noed not: bo dreaded by anyone, but thoughtless man whon out late and ' benightod.' In tho moantimo ifc'mlght bo as woll to, say that loaal members ufter scientific truths and would-bo solvora of Naturo's mysteries will givo tho matter duo oonBldorution. Thii Annual Amateur Flowur Show.— Tho annuul amateur llowor bIiow will be hold in tho Sohool of Arta on TuoBday, October 17th, and further roforenco will bo mado to ib in futuro letters. Tim Weather. — Sinco tho oxpectod ohango whioh oatno as predicted in provious correspondence, tho weather haa been very cold nnd ahowery. Light rain foil at intervals throughput Wednesday night nnd yesterday up to 2 p.m., whon very heavy ahowora doaoundod, and tbo rain ojntinued boavy nnd cold up to ton o'clock, tho night being most wintry, and oenaeional ehoivera falling throughout;. Sprino Bloom. — Owing, apparently to the com paratively cool woathor of tho puBb fortnight spring fiowors aro naid to bo vory backward, rosos and ? othor plants not having yob blonsomod thia year that generally bloom in the middle of Soptombor. A Utile warm woathor nffcor tho prosonc rain is cortain, however, to mako nil troaHUrea of tho garden and tho Hold bloom gorgeounly. Tun Complimentary Entertainment to Mb. E. W, Beaver. — Preparations for thooomplimoutary onturtainmenb it hn» been decided t;- tondor Mr. E.. W. Bjavor in recognition of past Borvicoo (aa already oxpluinod iu tho Jircrcnry( aro now in full swing, tho illusion! conductors, iVIoBnrn. Traoy and McMillan being buoy iu thoir roBpiioblvo parts. Mr* J. P. Gradwoll, ono of tlio honorary aeorotarlos ot tho movoinont, ban beon prevented attending rocont mooting!! owing t- a nevero oold, but in liiB nfjoonco his oolloagno, Mr. C. C. Paul, haa boen doing hin boot to ' hold tho fort' nud boom tbo ' cannon' neoonsary for tho undertaking. Friday morning. 