A Real Ghost Story. ^'??HIRTY years ago, when Australia was \G) not the camping ground it is now, I was a tioopoi in tho mounted police. 1 I had gone out to tho goldficlds, like thousands ol other younger sons, espectiug to make my fortune. After toiling for months in ft worn-out claim, UAbCU JVlltJU*UCU£J 111 W1LLC1 , UiJ ULUUI UUlliuu niuu our pitiful accumulation of gold-dust ; and a piok, cradle, and the clothes I stood in repre sented my worldly all. - . Under these dis tressing circumstances Twas thankful to enlist in the police. The reputation of being protty steady and a good man on a horse were my sole credentials. The pay wns small. I was a long way astray from the pleasant high road which leads to fortune. Work was incessant, and promotion slow. I had' been nearly three years in the force, and was still Trooper Thompson ; and began to fear that as Trooper Thompson I should livo and die, when that well-known tide which interferes so potently in the affairs of man set my way at last I Wo had been out for two days on the track of a party of notorious bushrangers, and re turned empty-banded to our headquarters pretty well done-up. to find, when all stragglers were assembled, that Trooper Martin was missing. Just before dark, his bay mare galloped in, covered with dust and sweat ; but her accoutrements were complete, ana there was not a speck ol blood on saddle or holsters, or anything about her to afford the faintest clue to the fate or whereabouts of her tider. A rigorous search was instituted at sunrise — a search that was repeated for five days ; not a perch of ground was left unexplored within a radius of ten miles, nevertheless this indefati gable quest proved unavailing. ' Look here, Thompson,' our chief said, 1 you havo a fairly good head on your shoulders, use your wits, and find out what has become of our man. If you succeed, I promise you promotion — and mind this, shall expect to hear of Martin, dead or alive, when I return this day week. So be up and doing.' t; * * * Three of the precious days had gone by had flown— and yet no trace of our missing comrade, work, ponder, track as I would. At length it came to the eve of the chief's return, and alas ! I was no nearer1 promotion than when he hftd started, though I had covered miles of country, and lost whole nights of sleep. I was utterly worn out with my fruit less quest that evening, and after a hasty meal threw myself on the cot and slept the sleep of utter exhaustion. I cannot say how long this sieep may mwe iasiea, oui me moon was snm ing full into the window when I was awakened by someone in heavy boots entering my room — a man— who came over and stood at the foot of my bed, and I must confess that I was' a good deal startled when I recognised Martin. 'Hullo!' I shouted, 'whore the dickens have you been? Why did you not report your self?' ??? . ? .'? , ? ? ??-?:;--: ? ?'-??,:? ? - No reply -but Ned Martin was proverbially slow of speech. -. , 'A pretty fright you have given us, and a ' nice search we have had.' I sat up and! stared hard at my comrade, and 'noticed that he looked white and death- like. His eyes, as they met mine, had a strange laclc lustro expression — no doubt the poor chap had been nearly starved in the bush. ' Where have you been ?' I asked. After a pause, he answered in a low, husky .i voice, that sounded as if it were far away— ' Ten miles west — Laffan's Run — shepherd's hut— six yards to rear — six feet deep.' Then he suddenly turned round and made for the door. As I jumped out of bed and hurried after him I noticed by the searching moonlight that there was a great black stain on the back of his coat, just below, the left shoulder. He crossed the kitchen and wont out, I still following him, calling after him to 'wait,' to 'hold hard,' but even as I stood on the threshold be was gone— where ? Gaze as I would, thero was not a soul to be seen, not a living thing — nothing but tho cold weird moonlight, illuminating avast expanse of plain, and a few scraggy blue gum-trees. I closed and bolted tbo door with palsied pre cipitation, and ran ? back to bed, and— yes, truth is best— covered my head up, with the clothes and lay in a cold sweat for what seemed to me days, my heart thumping like a steam-hammer. 'I had seen— a ghost ! . iiuuipuiiGU uv boinu sbiun^tt lnsuguuuii, x crawled timidly out of bed, lit a candle, and wrote down :' Ten miles west ; Laffan's Run, shepherd's hut, sis yards' to rear, six feet deep,' and then orept back between the blankets, where I lay sweltering between fear and indecision. At one moment I resolved to have nothing to do with the vision,' at another, I decided to follow Martin's directions and to stand my ohance; After hours of miserable hesitation I roused the men, but I took no one into my confidence— it was surely another voice than mine which boldly addressed my amazed comrades. v 'Prepare to start for Laffan's run in half an-hour. Take a -spare horse— Martin's mare will do— a piece of rope, a pair of handcuffs, and a couple of spades.' , As a matter of course I was a good deal chaffed, but received all witticisms with in flexible composure. 'You seem very sure of your bird, boss? Did you get the hint by telegram? I suppose Martin is expecting us to breakfast ?'! ? It was barely soven o'clock when we sur rounded the hut, tho hut I had been desired to seek. Laffan's shepherd was a ticket-of -leave, who had been -several years on the station. His name was Henderson. A man with a somowhat villainous expression, an impedi ment in his speoch, and an unusually powerful frame. He was stooping over the fire, en grossed in frying n bit of mutton for his breakfast when I entered, followed by four troopers. ' Hullo !' he stammered, looking , back over his shoulder. ' What's up ? Sheep-stealing or blacks ? What do you want hero ?' ' I want you!' I answered promptly. '^1 arrest you,' producing the handcuffs, 'for the murder of Trooper Martin.' He turned on me fiercely almost ere I had ceased speaking, and dashed the frying- pan in my face. _??.'?'?.. ' Handcuff him,' I said. ' Handouff me,' struggling like a wild beast, 'and for what? Where's your proof ?' lie stuttered. 'I swear I never saw Martin since Christmas. You'll suffer for. this— rot for it^ swing for it,' ho screamed, when the bracelets ?were looked. ? I was going, recklessly and trustfully, on information received from a spirit ; and I felt desperately nervous, as I gave the order for two troopers to hobble horses and fetch spades. Meanwhile, I measured with shaking hands six good yards from the back of tho hut, and desired.the men toset to' work on the ground immediately.' The soil was loose — a suspicious, and, to mo, encouraging sign — nevertheless, the job was by no means an easy one. ' When the men had dug down to a depth of five feet, I shook as if with ague, while each spadeful was thrown up on the grass, and as yet there was no sign. '....- Suddenly, one of the diggers shouted — ' By ? ! there's a body here !' ' And a trooper's boot,' added his comrade excitedly. Thoy now made a frenzied spurt, and pre sently called out with one breath, ' It's Martin !' Then alternately, ' He's been done for — he is dead — this ten days.' I called to the troopers within doors to bring out the prisoner. At first I believe ho struggled violently, but ultimately submitted to be con ducted to where he had interred his victim. He stood motionless, and looked down into the grave ; then he raised his eyes and fastened them on me. 'Blast* you!' he stammered, in a low choked voice. ' How did you know ? Who told you? Not a. soul saw it — not oven the dog. I had an old grudge against that hound there.' 'Mind, I caution you against saying any thing that may be used against you,' I said. ' You had better hold your tongue.' ' Hold my tongue ! And to what good, when I'll have to swing for him ? He said so. Yes, that's his revolver ; I had not tho heart to bury it — it's a beauty. Martin, he came in to light his pipe, and as he stooped over the fire, I stabbed him with a butcher's knife right under the shoulder-blade. It was a mortal wound ; he only said, ' You'll swing for this,' and ' Mother !' Then the blood choked him.' We buried Martin where we had found him, then mounted Henderson on his mare, and brought him handcuffed to the head station. We also fetched away the dog. Our party reached quarters almost simultaneously with the arrival of the chief, and to him I formally made over my prisoner. The chief was delighted at my success, and overwhelmed me with praise ; but although I have hitherto never divulged the truth, I here frankly confess that I owe both praise, pro motion, and all my subsequent notoriety to the reliable information which I received from Trooper Martin'3 Ghost. 