BALLARAT BITS. By T, B. And so the Queen has consented to open the Convalescents' Home at Bristol, founded .in honour of the Jubilee of the sixtieth year of Her Majesty's reign. The Queen, it seems, has made the stipulation that the route of the pro cession,' which is to be a feature of the pro ceedings, shall include the. poorest streets of the ? ? city. I doubt, though; very much whether Her Majesty, will be ushered through the real back ' slums which are much the same in all large English cities, as so graphically depicted by the Earl of Southesk in his 'Jonas Fisher.' Says he—: . ?.:,.?? -.-:?.=:???;, '.- ?:? .??? ????:?: ?? ?? .- 'I-!:: ' Rich people scarce could even guess The wretched life these creatures lead. : ? ; Each house is many stories. high, . . Each room a family contains, And there they breed arid breathe foul air, : Like rats inhabiting the drains ?;'?'. ? ? Though, when one comes to tlaink of it, The rats are far more clean and sweet, . These people never cqmb nor wash, ' Eats trim their fur and keep it neat. Oh dear ! oh dear, the sights one sees I; t ; , , In a close court the other day I saw some lean, large-stomached babes, ' All busy in their childish play. ? ; They dabbled in the thick black slime, '.?: ; .- Stuck fish-heads in and drew them out, Made pies of stuff, much, worse than mud, While, fat blue-bottles buzzed about.' It is notnat.iall likely that; the '.Queen will be brought through such scenes as; these, where all : sorts of diseases, may be picked up from the infec- ; tious surroundings. . What she will ? be brought1' to see will be the shabby genteel houses* where ?'?? the people are always struggling to, keep up appearences and the wolf from the door. .Her Majesty will see the streets lined, with ' banners * and '' mottoes of ' all sorts, while happy , clean, fairly dressed children along the line will sing the National: Anthem until it has almost emitical ; influence. The Queen will pity ' these poorest of the poor ' in her dominions, while proving that pictures of much lower depths of poverty are merely the result of morbid imagination . ! ?? ? ' '.'???? ??;??'*. - ? ??'»;?.--.? * ?: .;..?? . '?' .;??-. There should be no more useful officer iri any ; community than the Inspector -of -Weights- and.'; Measures. But as a rule the inspector is seldom heard of, and 'when we do hear of him, it is generally about a baker?s, loaf, which anyone would -?.'have .: weighed anywhere' -and 'found canting. It does not need a ghost come from the grave or a Government inspector to tell us that a baker's loaf is ah ounce short. We can well afford to give small parcels a rest for a little time, so as: to stir inspectors up to energy. : in heavier goods more difficult to deal with. Nothing is more important to the mass of the people than ' fair do's ' in fuel. But what do we find ? The .poor in only very exceptional cases get the.firewood they pay for ; and as for : coal, well they need not expect to get what, is charged to them, and still if you ask the man who delivers it- 'Was it weighed ?' he will tell' you 'Most certainly I1'- It is comparatively easy to test the wood,, for it can:be stacked, but. few. poor people have the requisites for weighing coal, and so we frequently find the haltVton growing, as the poet says, ' ?' Small by degrees arid miserably less.' The fact is it requires the inspector of Weights ? and Measures to keep his eye on the fuel for : a time. I had an instance this week. A friend of mine had two tons ,(8& feet) of .2ft. wood and half a ton of Newcastle coal delivered to him by' a man with whom he had dealt for. years, and who had got a smart new carter. VV ell, my friend this time saw cause to doubt the quantities, so he stacked and measured the; wood, and found 55 feet as representing the 80 feet; ; Then he got a steelyard and |with some difficulty weighed the coal, which proved to be' lcwt.-2qrs. 7,lbs. short of the half- ton.;; The , labour of proving this was very great. Now why does not the Inspector of Weights and . Measures take this matter in hand and insist' on testing the coal on its way to deli vary ? They* do these things much better, on the Continent, of Europe. Take Demark, for, instance, and in , regard to the milkman , There when ' the inspector,' who is diguised, has good reason to ' test a man, he applies his lactometre' in the street ; and if the milk is not up to the mark, 1 he lets it run, with the consent of the milkman,, . who finds that the safest course. It is not. the loss of the' milk which the milkman feels most, but the having to explain '.-to his customers how ; he happened to be without the milk? that morning. If the. coalman, was- forbidden ' to . deliver coal for a week,' xnonth or ' year, dis honesty would soon be banished out of a trade' ' in which the shivering poor are much interested i,; * . . * ..» . . The annual ball of the Ballarat branch :of the Victorian' 'Locomotive '! :Etiginedr'iyer's'.'and - Firemen's7 Association ' was held1 on Thursday ; night at the Alfred Hall, and proved, as usual, a great success. F. , Pear.ee and W. Evansj (president and secretary respectively , of . the . Melbourne Society) were present. Kailyiray '; Commissioner 'Matheisori sent an apology for ; non-attendance. 'The Enginedrivers1. Ass6'cia-! .: tiqn.is one of the best in. Ballarat, and yet, they,.- are not at. present^ represented on the local- -. Trades and Labour Council. : :, ... ;-; :.\; ?.;?/'*? '. . ':?'?# .-...:; * ???.?? il ? '. .-j-sv The Seath of Busling, who came to this dis-' ? trict to take charge' of buildings1 iri-course; - of erection 'for the Catholic churches! schools;! and monasteries,'. has caused jmuch ,;i regrje.t inj-} Labour circles. He was ^ sfcaunch . Unionist, . and aistr'ong; upholder of the Eight1 Hours priri-f. ciple.- Busling was well kri6wii''iri itheiaetro-;:t polis, and theiBallarat Labour; folk: would-be;' glad of as8ietance:\in the, movement they have initiated on behalf of his widow. , The cloven foot As often- i covered-*' with patent leather. 