Household Recipes. Eggs in Coffee. — An egg mulled in coffee makes u light, and nourishing breakfast for an invalid. Beat the yollr well in a coffeo cup. Stir into it a little milk or cream, and then pour 011 it, stirring all the lime to pre vent curdling, hot coffee .enough to fill tbo cup. hgg.s in Cream Sauco. — Boil six oggs 20 minutes, then stand in cold water. Make a pint of cream sauce. ITavu six slices of toast on a hot dish, cover each ono with a layer of sauce, then the whites of tlio oggs cut in thin strips and over this the yolks of tho eggs rubbed through a sieve. Place in tho oven a feu moments, KDiinldo a little finely cut p&rs-; Ky over the creamed toast, ami serve. Corned Beef . Hash —To one heaping mea sure of meat, chopped' flue, rejecting ovory particle of hone or gristlo, allow two measures of chopped potato and a quarter of a tomiU onion, minced fine. Season with pepper, black or white, as preferred. Pliiee » tea- spoonful of butter in the frying pun, add the hash und moisten with a cupful of beat stock, milk, cream, gravy, or oven boiling water. Tim all togother lightly without making it 44mussy." It may rhtm bo put in a baking dish und cooked in a quick oven until 'brown, or loft in the frying pun until thoroughly heated. Serve by itself, or pur a spoonful on a .simill slice of buttered toast, and crown with a delicately pouohed egg. Chccso Oiuclot. — Allow ono egg to each person, white und yolk beaten separately, and a tonspomiful of milk to each egg. Add wilr und pepper to rnstc. aud a teuspomifn of grated cheese to ouch egg. Put a tablo- spoonful of butter in a smooth frying-pan, und when smoking hot pour in the ingrcdionrs, woll beaten. When tne omelet is well risen and quite firm, slide onto a hot dish and serre atoneo. Good Luncheon Dish.— A good dish ft- luncheon may bo made iu tlvs chafing-dinh. Put a quarter of a pound of thinly slice. dairy chneso in tho outlet pun, with h littk onion juice, a gill of wine, and a tcbL- spoonfnl of butter. Stir uutil molted, tlnr break in six eggs, season with paprika and simmer until the eggs arc sot. stirring occa sionally with a fork. Serve on hot toast and sprinkle with chopped parsley. ' DelioinuH Egg Soup.— Tlio following re cipe for egg soup comes woll recommended : Put a quart of fresh milk and a teaspoonfid ot ouion juice over tho fire in a doublo boiler. Blend together ono tablespoonful of butter und a Hcunt tabloHpoouful of flour; uioiHtou this with u little of the hot niilk huforo stir ring it into the wholo quantity of boiling milk. Season with salt and pepper. Whuti the mixture has boihtd up once, strain into h heated tureen over several well beaten eggs, stirring constantly as you pour to prevent curdling. It litis been considered unlucky to bo married 111 May ever sinco the days of Ovid, und those people who huvo spent- their time in locking up roots' and reasons havs given what the/ consider to be the origin of tho superstition uh fellows: In ancient Rome thore was held in Miiy a festival culled the Lemuria, or Feast of the Lemure, which was a ceremony in honour . of departed souls. It became with the Romans wliat wo should call u bad form " to have matrimonial feasts at the season of a solemn ritual, beug, no doubt, -thought to ho nu insult to tho dead to marry ut such a time. From this.a number of stories grew of tiio revonge mudo by the outraged ghosts upou those who dured to disregard them, and if anything un fortunate hupponed to a couple who had been married in May, > it would, of course, have been put down to retribution. So the tra dition of ill-luck arose, and its influouochus lasted over since, even to our tisao. 