IN FULL By RICHARD MARSH, Author of "l'he Beetle—A Mystery/ "The Crime" and the Criminal," '"The Datchet Diamonds," "Mrs. Musgraveand Her Husband," "The \Yoman with On# Hand," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with tlit author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER V1L—IN THE BOX "This is the second time.'' Recollection returned. He remembered where he was. He was. in a box what was the meaning of the narrow walls, the close ly overhanging root, the _ darKhess, tna sense of oppression. Pollie had lifted him right off Ins feet, had laid him down within the chest, lie recalled so much, and the grotesque consciousness of helplessness which had come to him on finding himself being lifted like a child, and that was all. The rest was vacuum. He repeated to him self, grimly, his own words, "This is the second time." How long had he been 'where he was? What had happened since? All seemed silent. He thought of the journey along the roof, of the entry through the case-, ment, of the appearance of the room as re vealed by the flickering matches. Was he alone in it? Where was Pollie? What had taken place? He felt cold) cramped, word,; hungry, ill—perhaps hungry most of' all. A faint light gleamed through the holes in the sid(e of the box. Was it morning, then? If so, what had transpired during the hours which had intervened? '■ He tried to collect his thoughts, to ar range events in their proper sequence. He had a hazy recollection of the girl telling him that he would have to make his own way out. How, then, did she propose that he should do it? He came into contact with' something, with several things, as he slightly shifted his position. There was a - hammer, a mallet, a sharp-edged instru ment which he took to be a chisel, and a saw. ' So she had put tools into the box with the idea of his using them to further his escape. He had some vague fancy of her having said to him something of the kind. The idea was chimerical. He never had shown to advantage when he had a tool to handle. 'He was one of those men to whom has been denied the capacity of be coming even moderately skilled in any sort of handicraft. Prom the craftsman's point he was a hopeless subject. He told him self that, situated as he was, to expect him to win his way to freedom by the' aid of a hammer and a chisel was sheer absurdity. He had scarcely room to move, barely strength enough to raise the heavy hammer. It was altogether out of his power to put it to an effectual.use. He . might avail himself of it to attract atten tion by striking it,against the sides of the box. But that would be to run the risk, of passing from the fryingpan into the fire. Who might not hear? What un desired auditor, who might be keeping an enquiring eye upon his whereabouts? And, in any case, how should he explain his be ing where he was? - . As he lay and pondered and smiled, even in that very unamusing situation, there came back to him-other of the oc currences which had followed on each other's heels in such ouick succession; Mr. Baynes' visit: the tidings which he had brought of the wealth which had been beoueathed to him by so unexpected a testator. He smiled still more and shud dered. If there are such things as ghosts, and the dead man's spirit was observing him in his present, situation, supposing such _ visitants to be capable of sentient emotion, what, at that moment, must the returned traveller's" feelings, be? ' A man of fortune, not to speak of family, shut up, a helpless prisoner, in a wooden box, like the youthful bride in that absurd old doggerel, "The Mistletoe .Bough!" The thing-Was too ridiculous for serious consideration. Yet, what on' earth was he to do? He must do something—must make some effort to win himself out. To; be found. ■m there, like a rat in a trap, would be the crowning humiliation/ and to stay in there and not be found might be much worse; Picking up the chisel, making a half-turn, he resolved to, at. any rate, test the tool's calibre against the side of; the chest.. " . . As he moved, something so. startled him that he dropped the chisel from his hand. Was it possible that some other living thing was shut up with him, inside the.. chest? In moving he had extended his right leg; the sole of his foot had inad vertedly pressed against something, some thing soft and yielding. Something .which, unless he erred, returned the pressure. The contact filled him with such a degree of horror that for some moments he was bereft of the power of motion. What could it be? A delusion? ■ If not, then • what? , He must have been mistaken. There could be-nothing there. Yet; though he assured himself that this was the case, it was odd how reluctant he was to put this assurance to the proof. Instead of an inclination to reach out with his foot again his inclination was all the other way—to draw it as far no as the dimensions of his prison would allow, On the other hand the suspense was hideous. On such a point it was impossible that he could re main in doubt, and exert himself to gain egress from the box. Even supposing that there was something, it was," probably, a mouse or. a rat.-or perhaps a rabbit. It , was true that it had not felt like either of the three, but what else could it be? After an interval, the/duration of which was only too-perceptible, he! .ventured out with his foot again,, gingerly... He could feel -nothing. : He put out his foot-a-little further.. What was that? He could feel something which, as it seemed to him, was possessed ' of a peculiar quality,' though wherein lay its peculiarity he would have, beeu unable to say. But, this time, it certainly did not return his-pressure. His alarm had been foolish. ,It was probably something else which Pollie had put in with him;-what it was he had forgotten,' if he had ever known. Again he took up the chisel and once more applied its edge to the side of. the box. It was frightful how weak he was. The silly shock he had received'had left his nerves in a state of imcomfortable . tension. He was trembling - all over. Such was his , exhaustion that he could put forth no strength at all; not enough even to make a feint of driving, the tool's cutting edge into the wood.. And the whole time his thoughts ,were at the other end of the box—he did not wish that it should be so, but it was. Presently something else occurred to him, that'there was a peculiar odour in the chest. It spoke volumes as to his con dition to say that he had not noticed it before. His sense of smell was almost' unnaturally keen. That he had been un able, on occasion. to escape from disaerrpp able perfumes had been, for him, one of the most disagreeable characteristics of the vagrant life which'he had led. And there, was a peculiar odour, of that there could be no doubt whatever. Now that it had become perceptible it took his nostrils by storm. It seemed to him that in it there was something ominous, alien; repulsive. In it, too, there was something familiar, an association with an experience which had, to say the least, -been intensely dis agreeable. " - . Was it possible that the thing at the bot tom of the box had been .alive and was J dead, in a state of partial decay? With a sorb of gruesome curiosity he put out his foot to feel again. What could the object be. It seemed to be of a rounded, form—and distinctly soft. The more he pressed, the more it yielded. : It moved! And he moved too! with drawing his feet, so far as he was able, with a kind of spasmodic instinct._ This time there was no mistake, the thing had been certain, the movement definite, dis-* tinct, though even now he felt'that, about: it, there had been ' something un usual, odd. What Could the creature be? As, with whirling brain and palsied limbs, he asked himself the question, he was con- ' seious that his panic fear was scarcely dig nified; and,, with such slight force as still was his; he did his best to play, at least in some degree, the man. . • He might have succeeded had he .had time. He was not in a condition to recover from a shock upon the instant; and, when, the shock-became a continuous; an increas ing one, recovery, even of the most partial kind, was altogether out of the question. The few remaining dregs of his manhood • oozed clean out; there was nothing left to him but his shivering carcase. ; > The creature at the other end of the hox 'was roused'at last; and, being roused, was apparently unwilling any lodger to remain dormant. It kept on moving, though its companion in captivity could neither feel nor hear it; indeed; the perfect stillnesg of its movements was not its least unpleasant feature, v • • ■.. , ;It touched': his boot; -.it was advancing from its end of the box to his. It not only touched his boot, it climbed'on it; with a curious gliding motion which: held him ■ paralysed'with- horror. It advanced .along his "trousered, leg, and .yet he felt it still upon his boot. _ He. knew' what_ it was now; it was a snakeh And., with the knowledge, ho broke into shrmk after shriek,'and writhed and twisted/; almost ■ after the fashion of the reptile at his feet, as if-he squ^i-t, by box. " But, 'after all, his" power to shriek, : like the rest of his: powers, was - smalls audi soon, he was still; perlorce. He lay shaking, as with ague, as pitiable hn object, 'if'Howard Shapeotrs ghost.was there to act: as witness, as that gentleman's eyes bad ever lighted on. The snake, as if startled by its com . pardon's cries, continued, for tlie moment, still, but, so soon as the man ceased, it re sumed its movements. Along the man's body' it glided, with,, seemingly, complete indifference to the fact that itAvas a man's body. The sensation was indescribable; he never forgot it; it was always with him, .afterwards, at the back of his memory, needing but some casual touch to bring it to the front. The thing seemed endless; its weight was no unconsidered trifle; it was, evidently, a monster of its land. Its head reached his; he felt its'breath upon his face; something brushed against his cheek, softly, to and fro, with amazing delicacy of touch; it was the creature's tongue. He knew'enough to be aware, even'in his state.of partial brain paralysis, that the popular notion that a serpent's poison is secreted in its tongue is born of ignorance; but, at any moment, the tongue might be exchanged for the poison fangs, those finely-pointed instruments, which prick, at times, so slightly that a man need not be conscious of their contact until death's upon him. Whether or not'the creature, then, did more than' salute him with its fondling tongue he could not tell. Presently he ceased'to feel its breath upon his cheeks. It * continued its progress, passing down over, his different features and arranging itself, slowly,'methodically, in a series of apparently innumerable coils between his face and the holes in the front of the chest. It had. placed itself directly in his line of vision, so that it obscured, the greater part of the small amount of light which found its way into the box, and there it remained quiet. For some time he continued "in a state of-physical and mental stupor; it was only after a considerable interval that, ven turing to open his eyes, he perceived that the creature had darkened the fight. He realised its propinquity with feelings so in tense as do be almost equivalent to a total absence of sensation. .By degrees ques tions began to shape themselves, vaguely, in his brain. Since it proposed to remain •where it was, what was its purpose? Was it watching him, playing with him like a cat with a mouse, waiting for the mo ment'which suited it best to strike—and to strike home? Or had it relapsed into torpor? He imagined that he could see its eyes wide open, unblinking, glinting at him through the darkness. [To be continued from day to day till • ■ . , finished.} . 