Some English Ghosts. There Is ill any rate one ghost, in Lon don, lor ilio first: Lord Holland is said to walk (he Sir .foslina Room in Hol land I-Tonse with his head in his hand —a very fashionable ghostly proceeding —011 certain nights of (lie .year ; and it is a known fact that there are many houses which never have ibeen let, never are let, and never will Hie let for any length of time 011 account of uncanny traditions associated with them. The people who take these houses are ready enough to stay, but 110 (servants Will stay, and so they are driven elsewhere. No stranger to Kpsom >was ever shown Pit Place /by a native without being tolcl the "Wiclced" Lord Lyttel ton's gliost-stor.v—the white bird which flut tered at his window on the night of 24th Novonilber, 1771), changing into a white-rolied woman, who approached the fool: of his bed, and told 1dm that, he would 'be dead in three days, which ac tually happened. Sussex,.which of all the home counties has retained its old characteristics the most, has a good many ghosts who are still realities in the eyes of the rustics of that little-visited district, which was once the centre of England's iron indus try. There is old Oxenbridge of Brerte Place. There is 1'iie headless'man of St. Leonard's Forest, known as Squire Pan lett, who jumps upon the crupper of a horseman entering the forest, and re mains there until clear of it. There is the Drummer of Hurstmonceaux. Black dogs—a favourite shape assumed by ghosts all over England—haunt all dark lanes and lone by-roads, and under many a sequestered wooden bridge a headless woman may be seen spinning : whilst on the old cattle-road between Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as the Drove Way. a goblin in ay be seen on any dark, wild night, in cessantly spinning charcoal! The same species of " general" ghosts, as they may be called, is recorded by Mr. Rye, the Norfolk topographer, to be strongly developed in his county. There is the pale, long-haired woman, who runs shrieking amongst the pita on Aylmerton Hoatli. There is the great black " Shuck Dog" —the "woi'd "Shuck" said to mean the devil—who at Coltishall Bridge is head less. and at Salhouse has a 'blazing eye in the centre of his iforenead. and who has a brother at Peel Castle in the Tsle of Man. the spirit of a 'murdered pris oner. known as the Mauthe Dog. But the (historical ghosts are more interest ing objects of study. T11 this same coun (y of Norfolk, says Mr. Rye. young Lord Dacre. who was murdered in 1505 by his guardian, Sir Richard Fulmerston, who 'arranged that, a rocking-horse on which the hoy sat should fall, still prances about on a (headless, of course) rocking-horse. Anne Bole.vn still rides down the avenue of Bllckllng Park ouce a year, in a hearse-like coach, drawn by four 'headless horses, and driven by a headless driver, with her head in her lap ; and her father. .Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Caistor Castle there is another coach and headless 'team,' and yet. another near Great: Mel ton. This last rises from a pool every midday and midnight, and with its load of four headless, dripping. Wihite-robed ladles passes slowly round the' flehl and sinks again : and tradition says that at this spot, long ago. a bridal parly were upset into I his pool and never seen again. - Then -there i« the Gray: Lady of Rain ham—not to be confounded with the Brown Lady of Rainham in Durham— wtho represents La(ly.;D6rothy Walpole, forced, it is said, to marry Lord Towns em! in 1713. A finmly believed-'in coach-ghost is that of Tincly Hoiward, daughter and heiress of Sir John Fitz of Fitzford, in Devonshire, about 1000,.who, Mr. Bar ing-GoiiId says, travels nightly from Okehampton Castle, to Fltzford Gate, Tavistock, in a coach of bones, pre ceded by a phantom 'dog. Gabriel 'Craddock is a well-known Es sex ghost. He 'was famous in the mid dle of the last century as '.Terry Lynch Che higih'wayman. who with the pro ceeds of his exploits, built Laipwater Hall, near Leigh, so called because, Hipon the application of the workmen for drin'k,- he bid* them "lap water." He was run to earth in his new house, wounded, and drowned in the pond to which he had directed the thirsty work men's attention, and 'he Is still believed to he seen on wild nights, bandy-legged, and mounted on an earless mare, fleeing from his pursuers as they caime from Shenflelrl. Tngrave. Horndon, Lalndon, and Pitsea. Mannington Hall, the residence of the Walpoles, Earls of Orford, has its ghostly associations. Horatio, second earl, removed all the tombstones of the Scalmers, the former (possessors of the Hall, from Wkfomere Church, and one of the buried ladies Is still believed to walk round the churchyard. To atone for the sacrilege, every Earl of Orford at his burial was driven in his hearse three times round Wiekmere Church before being Anally laid to rest. Very well known is the stile at Little cote, near 'Marlborough, on the old Bath roa-d, wlierat Wild Darrcll. the principal in lite terribly weird tragedy at Littlc coteHall. is still believed to be seen, fol lowed by this howling hounds, as on Mie .day when he met his death here— riding -madly along, reckless in his eon science torture, and confronted by the apparition of a babe burning in a (lame. All the unhappy ladies of history " walk" : Ann of Cloves paces up and down the gallery bearing her na.me in I-Iever Castle : Fair Rosamond walks on tilie river-bank at Gods try w ; Amy Robsart. on the side of Cuinnor ; Mary, Queen of Scots, at Fotheringhay. At Aipethorpe, the Earl of Westmoreland's seat, in 'Northamptonshire. Lady Grace, wife of the first earl, walks in a corri dor, scattering si Ivor pennies as she goes : but tee pennies are air. and woe to liinn who trios to test their solidity— so say, and probably believe, the good folk around. In the romantic North Country these poor dames- abound. There is the Brown Lady Oif Rainham—stately In coif and rich brocade, but eyeless. There is "Silky" of Denton Hall, near Newcastle, in a flowered, long-waisted satin gown and a satin bood. There is (he White Lady of Skipsea Castle ; Lady Derwentwater of Dilston Castle ; the Gray AVoman of Wlllin.gton : Meg of Meldon in a broad bat ; the White Lady Blenklnsop, who still wails over a chest of gold, the cause of all the un 'haippiness of her married life, cum multis aliis. The famous Cauld Lad of ITylton, on the river Weatr, was only "laid" during the last century, but his wail. " I'm cauld ! I'm cauld !" has been sworn to as heard at a much later date ! He was not quite a stock ghost of the silent, gliding type, but was more of a brownie or pixie, working hard lu flu! lcltchen during the night S£ the maids were sluggards—'very much con trary to the usual rnle of Ills lcind. The Gray Man of Rellteter Is another well-known North Country ghost. His original was n wandering minstrel who called at the castle, which is near Ilaltwhislie on the South Tyne, was admitted. and pleased Iho Tilonklnsop owner for a time, until lie got suspicion* that the poor old gray-clad singer was a spy from a neighbour Tmrou with whom he was at feud. The minstrel got wind that he was suspected, and stole uway. Blenlkinsop sent bloodhounds after liini, and lie was torn to pieces. This hap pened in 1470. and the Gray Man is still spoken of in a district by no moans behind the age in refinement, in telligence. and education. ICoi'by Cas tle. near Carlisle, lias been modernised, but in its wainscoted, tapostrfed "Ghost ltomn" the Radiant Boy still walkls. At Ohillingham Castle in Northumber land there was also a Ttndiant Boy, un til Mie skeleton of a boy found in .one of the 'bedroom walls, not very long ago. was buried, 'and then he disappeared ; and at Ooa'tham In Yorkshire, popular tradition speaks of a shining child who vanishes when ipniwued. Apropos of ghostly children, a pretty tradition "Is connected with a certain "West, Country house, to the effect lliat every cold morning is seen on the win dow the scribbling of little fingers, not to be effaced by any amount of miiKr'no — O'liamfters'e Journal." ATiridsert. 