BIJOU THEATRE. Hudson's Surprise .Party. suDmittea tneir new programme before another large and merry audience at the Bijou Theatre on Wednesday evening, when, each member of the company was accorded a hearty"recep tion. The "social gathering," with which the new bill was. initiated, opened with'a lively overture, "Gay Parisienne," which, was succeeded by Mr. H. Townley, ivho met with warm approval for his singing of "Plymouth Sound." Mr. J. Harvey,, in a comic refrain, "Hi Ti Hi," w-as sufficient ly amusing, and the Williams Quartet, which comprises four- little maidens, 'con tributed '"Thin sisters/' an inane song/ with inebriety ror its motive, which "was neither amusing n-or elevating, 'jjhe. sis ters are clever dancers, and a reasonable censorship of their vocal effusions might be instituted with advantage. Mss Marie -Thinlop sang- very sweetly- "A bunch of cowslips," and had to respond to an un deniable encore, and a similar- compliment was paid Miss Onslow Maekay, whose ren dering of "Home, dearie, home,"- was emi nently sympathetic and pleasing. The Hockley Brothers, in a. coon acrobatic song and dance, "My . Darktown girl," proved highly acceptable/and the liingard Sisters sang merrily and danced vigorously in their specialty, "Oh, Mr. Stationmas ter." Mr. Hudson was as diverting as ever in has jubilee refrain, "Riding on the gol den bike," which he had to supplement with another amusing item, and the first portion of the programme was brought to a laughable conclusion by the " Black Dantes," who, represented by Messrs- T. Hudson and Alf. Roekley, presented a number of conjuring feats, which were im mensely funny if not entirely mysterious. In theseeond partof the entertainment Miss Lalla Gollmiek displayed her powers as an executant in the pianoforte solo, "La Fil leuse," by a composer programmed as. "Reubensteiu," and Mr. Hudson kept the audience in a simmer of laughter in his humorous item, "The stormy winds," and was assisted by Miss Linton in an amusing medley mixture. Mr. James Harvey's clever impersonation of theatrical celebri ties found general favor, and Mr. James Watt and Miss Jessie Williams in a terpsi ehorean specialty, "A lesson'in dancing," were wholly successful in winning the ap proval of tne audience. The clever trick bicycle performance of the Williams Quartet, the grotesque knockabout origi nality, "The two Jays," of the Hockley Brothers, and "Voeal and terpsiehorean eccentricity" of the Lingard Sisters, were duly appreciated, and the entertainment was brought to a conclusion by the laugh able sketch, "The Ghost in a Pawnshop." The same bill will be repeated this evening, and will doubtless attract another crowded .'house. The. Mayoress of Kensington and Nor wood (Mrs'. A. Bihks) held a reception at the local Town Hall on Wednesday even-, ing. There were some three or four hum dred residents of the municipality present, and1 among these were Sir Edwin Smith and the members for the district. The hall was beautifully decorated for the occasion, and a most pleasant ' conversa tional evening was spent. Refreshments were provided, and Setaro's String Band was in attendance throughout the even 