THE CULTIVATION OF VEGETABLES. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, "Kindly allow me space to prove' against farmers' representatives referring to the culture of vegetables as mimicking, paltry, and unremunerative, and draw the hon. member for Lockyer, Mr. Armstrongs, attention to the following, taken from "Courier," 6th August, 1885, showing the return that can be obtained from the In telligent cultivation of vegetables. When the abovementioned gentleman refers to flu wickers, he surely runs away with the idea that his constituents are not of the intelligent class. However, for proof that market gardening by the aid of irrigation is in advance of "cocky" farm lag? il) have picked out the profit from various articles produced (by Mr Woodmaaoivutho./wcll-known Victorian market gardener. His returns are "Mint, £150 per acre ; parsley, £100 per acre ; potato crop, on the average, £50 per acre ; French beans, £100 per acre ; turnips, £40 to £50 per acre ; carrots, from 80 to 40 tons per acre (price ranges from £12 10s. to £3 10s. per ton) ; tomato s, £156 per acre ; rhubarb, £100 to £150 per acre : cabbage, at 4d. per head, £67 Os. 10d. per acre ; lettuce, at 9d. each, £114 6s. 8d per acre ; melons, cucumbers, peas, onions, thyme, and horse- radish are quite as re- munerative as any of the above. This clearly proves, sir, that market gardening is anything but fossicking or pal- try, and should be entered into by Queenslanders as a fair means of live HhcoX -I am, sir, c, GEO. CALDERWOOD. Kangaroo Point, 1st November. Mrs. Humphry Ward's method of writing when she is engaged on a novel is different from those writers who find it possible to " dash off" three or four books in the year. When she is at work she practically retires', from the world. ignores society, and en- joins the greatest quiet on her own household. She often has her meals sent to her room, and works in the most methodical way. Up to the present her novels, from' " Robert Elsmere" to " Helbeck of Bairns dale," have all been written more or less with a purpose; but the book on which she is now engaged will, she says, " be a pure love story, with-in Its framing and atmos- whereas much suggestion as possible, with, set descriptions, and without antiquarianism' of the great ghosts and the great ideas that meet in Rome." The hero is to be " a" maker of books and phrases," incapable of subordination and concentration, while the heroine is " intellectual and responsive, with a passionate and fevered state beneath the outward grace and plaintive sweetness."' It remains to be seen what Mrs. Ward will do with two unmanageable persons' of this' description. At any rate we may rest assured that it will not be waste of time to read her novel In an age when book- shelves are piled high with books- that should never have been written. The German Emperor's mow stables are to cost about £400,000,.and will accommodate 270 horses and 200 vehicles. There Will also be lodging-rooms for fifty married grooms and coachmen and their families, and for. eighty single ostlers and other servants. . 