BIJOU THEATRE. Mr. Thomas Hudson's Surprise Party still draws large and enthusiastic audiences nightly at the Bijou Theatre. The final repetition of the opening programme was given on Tuesday evening, and1 another change will take place to-night, when Miss Lalla Gollmick will play Rubinstein's "La Filleuse,"' and Mr. Hudson will tell of "The Stormy Winds," assisted by Miss L. Linton. Miss Jessie Williams and Mr. James Watts will appear in a sketch en- titled "A Lesson in Dancing." The Rockley Brothers comedians of knock about fame, will introduce an originality, "The Two Jays," and the Sisters Lingard will give the "Jane and Eliza let-go ec- centricity." The Black Dantes will also appear in a conjuring entertainment, and the programme will conclude with ''The Ghost in a Pawn Shop." Mrs. W. A. Wood gave a private exhi- bition of her juvenile pupils' dancing at the Violet Assembly Rooms, Currie-street, on Saturday afternoon, in the presence of the Mayoress (Mrs. A. W. Ware), her daugh- ters, a number of ladies, and the parents of the pupils. Afternoon tea was provi- ded. Mr. W. A. Pruess presided at the piano. On Tuesday night the members and friends of the Port Adelaide branch of the S.A. Railways Service Mutual Association held their annual social aud dance at the Oddfellows' Hall, Dale-ftreet, Port. Mr. D. H. Griffin, the president of the so- ciety, was chairman, and the audience in- cluded the Hons. H. Adams and R. S. Guthrie, and Messrs. Archibald and Mac- Gillivray, members for the district. A long programme was submitted, and many of the numbers were redemanded. The performers, were Mrs. Martin, Messrs. Farrow, F. W. Allen, G. Simpson, A. Taplin, O. Trevett. Bozieque, A. J. Tap- lin, A. Simpson, J. Alexander, and A. Cameron. Refreshments were served, Mr. Griffin being responsible for the catering. Dancing was continued at intervals in the programme and at its completion, Mr. J. Pearce acting as M.C. Music was provided by Mrs. Martin and Mr. F. Far- row. The astronomer, like other people, some times finds what he is not looking for. This is especially likely to happen in making photographs of the heavens. A small comet, know as Chase's, was thus acci- dentally photographed on at least four plates where were exposed some few months back to catch the Leonid meteors. The comet happened to be near that point in the sky from which the meteors appear to radiate, and although it was invisible to the eye the faithful sensitive plates took note of its presence. A curious custom has been observed at Highclere Castle in connection with the birth last November of an heir to the earl dom of Carnarvon. Family traditions re- quire that on such occasions 600 gallons of beer should be brewed and that the cask should remain unopened until the heir at- tains his majority. From oak grown on the Highclere estates a Newbury copper made a huge cask, hooped with brass, and bearing a coronet and an inscription plate of the same metal. The inscription runs: —"May Highclere flourish! This cask of ale, containing 500 gallons, was brewed in commemoration of the birth of Lord Por- chester, born November 7, 1898. Albert Streatfield, butler, Highclere Castle, 1899.'' 