: greater Melbourne. '. . TO .THE EDITOR OF THE AGE. ! Sir.— Judging by numerous quofitlonors,-; I have apparently not yet ninde fihe' reasons of the -Melbourne council's rcfusal 'to have any hand In the unification o-f Greater Melbourne sufficiently clear. In commenting- upon my letter, one of the city nldenneii Informs me that 1 shrpiild have stated tlieir. objection to be that of being callcd'npon to spend thg In come of Molbouhie upon the adjoining sub urbs. That, would not -take place muler. the differential rate system that I advocated. I believe the stronger reason with .the'majorlty of the City Cbunell is that, by suchiluereiised representation (which would bo of n demo cratic character), the present tone .'-of- the council', might be nltered, and. 'the ancient privileges of the corporation might lip. mod ernised. The intrusion of an iconoclastic following imlgiht take the polish -off tlio maho gany. . In - the anatlter. of equity yon may argue; In -the matter- of flhnuce you - may adjust; but in the matter of prejudice, you must battle. : ' , \ - The Melbourne council -h nd n o t. t'hc Co u r- tcsy to appoint/representatives to the/confer-, ence, nnd lias expressed Itself can '.opponent of unification.-.:--. 1 remember . being very much impressed some years ago with the fol lowing .-Illustration by .a legislative .friend from the adjoining eplimy:— ''Vviien 1' have an opponent, and lie Is -too big -or too strong for me to tackle, I quietly select' -the best place to start; then I. dig, dig, dig around until he 'finally foils in." ' When the united municipalities have ' shown themselves ' n united and strong council Melbourne -will re spect tlie altered condition of.affalrs, and bo courteous to any elvil- -request, even. to tbat- of amalgamation. It Is linrd to understand how the men I3i.it .howled' loudest for the federation of Australia will not attend ;i con ference to consider the federation of Mel bourne. -.The' financial difficulties. of the lat"- ' tor are infinltcsimai compared to- w-h,it-ls being accomplished for Australia./ Oppon ents to federat-loiWLitUe Australians" In the one case— are typical of Little 'Mclboiira- ites in -the other. The experiences "of the past week have led me to - emphasise the necessity of -tlie suburbs acting independ ently if Melbourne -will not respond. . -'AVo- soo Prntoran one day, some other suburb nmv .' llier day, each calling out about some, to them important, work. If the united suburbs of Melbourne spoke Instead of little 1'rahrnn, what a difference .would lie in the result.- Taking, for the purposes of illustration -the suburbs' mentioned in my previous -Jet'tor, - and giving .approximate- figures '-to- facilitate - comparisons, I prcsen t the following, table:-- : - Melbourne , Melbourne . City./ Oounty. - „ - ' ' . : Without City. Population,.-,. .. 70,000 302,000,: ' ! :£' £ - -Revenue, from rates ,. V. 76,000 '... 100,000 Revenue from markets & . ' abattoirs .;.. .. .. ' ,W,000 ' 10,000 Revenue, other sources , 50,000 11,000 >',- Total revenue,. :.. 181,000 ' .. 211,000 This represents -the -relative. Importance '"of the new- Melbourne County Council nnd.-the present City Council. The Importance of the, county council ovonld ' bo - con siderably greater toy Its . gross - ' re venue ' and also by . -iwtes.'! ' With: regtrrd to 'the Inemiie'v from markets and other sotirces, this table shows -how, tlio- surromiding districts, suffer by being dls-, unite!. I-'roai outside -sources (other than- rates) Melbourne receives annually 27/ per bend on ilts ptfiiulalion; the -adjoining muni cipalities but 2/2. In affairs -with purely sociiil boundaries, such ns municipalities ad joining, 1t Is not advisable to look-only for tlie "pound of flesh.". It may not .be con sidered tmreasoimble that -Melbourne should by nmhlganuutloh slinro -on tho co- opcnvtlve principle the net profits of 'markets, abat toirs,. &c.;, that have for tlieir patrons-.. and customers -the whole population , of Greater Melbourne. , I would ask "Oid: Scrooge" not to wait for 'Mnrley's Ghost" to Iheite hiui-to do his duty to. his neighbors;-, if '-Melbourne continues to refuse to foil Into lino . in the Interests of the -whole, tlio alternative -policy is to take a hand on equitable lines in -these profitable undertaking's. The electric. .llgliU lag of Greater Mn!be::r:: : .will, also shortly be In tlie hands of Hie rich corporation, un less the municipalities -work unitedly to help themselves. The most 'perfect si-to hi the, metropolis is now avnliablo. for. market purposes. -My interest in the'.'ihat'tee. con sists solely in being a 'lifelong' "citizen of Greater Melbourne. By travel in .Europe and Australia I liqvc had the eongeiilal op- liortun'ity , of intlmnitely observing the. work of some Important municipalities. Any points of information that I ina.v;.be pos sessed of I offer with tmbinssed. humility to my fellow citizens.— Yours. J. T. I1UXTO.N; - ISo Collins-street, 1st September. 