THE BLESSINGS OF POVERTY. ? »? ? : — . (By 'BOONDL') LESSED are the poor !' -9 Truer words than fp, those were never spoken, but, u'n Jfe\ Fortunately, those least able to ap Preciate them seem to ,be ,the P°°r themselves. m O f course I do not mean the poor K\ who sbarve in the \- rjxl ^ street and die in the workhouse ; the poor who ^E^flrihl U \ a modest S / vl \ \ \ mco111® say, ' / J I ' l\ £3 a week, and the' health to enjoy.it, together wiQiithe blissful -feeling that, they can snafe their, fingers -derisively iA the faces ??the In come Tax Commissioners. Poverty such as this is often a blessing, but the trouble is we do-not always know a blessing when we gee it.- ;;'As a rule, we generally look at at wrong side up, so that whg.t , in .reality is a blessing seems to us to be a: 'knock-out calamity of the saddest kind. The most Teal, the 'greatest blessings in life are the blessings of poverty. But, 'alas ! for our (fhort- sigh'tedness !. Only the rich— 'the un ihappy Jieh — seem to be aware of this fact. And even, they haven't sense enough to pro fit by their knowledge, but go on increasing their wealth and misery day after day. ?while thousands of wise folks, like myself, would gladly relieve. them of their burdens. ® ?* * * ' lA short time ago a most remarkable let ter appeared in this paper ; one that has remained fixed in my 'think-tank' ever gince, and which awaits some of that public recognition- Which it so well deserved. Tha ?writer said ? he was a man of means. He proved himself by his letter to 'be a man of brains. But, unfortunately, he has been an invalid all his life, a sufferer from that dread disease consumption, and so in the agony of his spirit he sorrowfully said : Where 'there is disease, I almost think wealth and drains a distinct aggravation of the evil. Were I poor, I might enjoy as luxuries the com forts from which habit has long taken all the pleasure; were I brainless, I might be like a log, and never know the mental agony of seeing tlie ' flays slip . by, ' 'Nothing attempted, nothing done. .That man is, indeed, truly poor, and would, no doubt, ? gladly- change places with- the brawny, healthy laborer who, although he sweats under the fiery gaze of Phoebus, sleeps soundly in the arms of Morpheus. For 'An Invalid Reader' (and for all like Mm) the world should have naught but its since rest sympathy. Certainly he has mine,, for I have been a bit of a sufferer myself. * * * * In Ms charming essay on 'Old China,' Charles Damb represents his 'cousin Brid get' (in reality his sister Mary)- as lament ing, in their latter days of- competence, the -rood old times when they were not so rich, aut, she is sure, considerably happier. A .purchase,' she says, 'is but a purchase now that we have money enough and to spare. Formerly it used to be a triumph. When we coveted a cheap luxury (and, oh, how much a'do I had to . get you to consent in those' -times !) we were used to have a de bate two or three days before, and to weigh ihe 'fox*' and 'against,' and think what we .Wight spare it out. of, -and what; saving we could hit upon tfiat should be'.aii equiva lent-A'- Ther6 are thousands in . this f-air land iof ours who are .as ;happy (because they -are as poor) as the Lambs were in their! early days (at least, I hope, there are), and when .you wish to. see a truly exultant a,nd .wholly' 'happy look upon a wife's face to- day, do not go to a tip-top dress em porium to watch a millionaire's lady paying £ 1000 for a sable-lined Jopera-cloak (as one of America's society queens recently did) , but go to 'Paddy's Market' and watch the pooT. tradesman's wife paying 5s for a misfit ? lustre dress, or a gaudy clock and a crock ery dig to ornament the parlor mantelpiece and paralyse, the whole neighborhood by their splendor. * * * ?. Philosophers have decided that the plea sures of anticipation far surpass the reali sation — kissing your best girl is the one exception that proves the rule. And right here the poor have -the bulge on the rich once more. : When a thing is once your iwn, the pleasure of anticipating its posses sion ceases. Not long -ago Mrs. G. W. Vanderbilt 'paid £100,000 for a ruby neck lace— the most expensive necklace known to modern jewellers. And with the purchase of that beautiful bauble a very great deal, if nio-t the Whole, of her interest in it ceased, I'll wager. But my wife has the luxury of daily speculations as to what she will do with a like valuable ornament when —when — well, when the cows come home, or my rich argosy arrives, or when I draw a horse -and it's owner can't compel me to 'hedge.' And then, of course, she will lose what is now-an inexhaustible source of enjoyment — the pleasure of anticipation. To be born rich is seldom a blessing. To value a thing -thoroughly you must first have ex perienced the want of it, and you must have scraped, and scrimped, and made sacrifices to get it. When your 'means are as limited as a politician's modesty, when you must prune here and pinch there before you can venture on the smallest purchase beyond your daily regulated expenditure, then it is that you really appreciate the blessings of your poverty, 'the joys of possession. It is the same even with obtaining your reward in a game of kiss-in-the-ring. The girl rwho merely runs a yard and then stands ?willingly to be Mssed affords a man about as much pleasure as a plate of dry hash would for his Christmas dinner. But chase iher a mile and wrestle with her for half an Bwirr, and then Jupiter himself might envy you your rich reward. And in like manner ' the woman who throws herself into a mam's arms soon palls upon Mm as a wife. Have ia fight or -a flutter for everything you want; from a kingdom up to a kiss, and your en joyment will be a hundredfold the greater. * » * * Very wis© indeed was Ernest Renan1 when he said : 'Make money that you may possess It ; -but do not aim at making too much, for 'fear it shall possess you. Money cannot buy everything. It cannot buy health, life, or love. If you were a hundred times richer than you are, you could not multiply your wants and pleasures by one hundred. You could not eat or drink a hundred times more than you do now.' In all probability yon couldn't eat or drink half as much, for the carting cares of riches seem to destroy appetite and encourage dyspepsia. Cor nelius Vanderbil t had all the choicest deli cacies that oonld be purchased on his din ing table, but he dared not pamper his stomach with anything richer than a soda biscuit /and a glass of lime-water. And very significant indeed is the story of the Ixmdon boozer who, as he slid peacefully info the gutter and tried to pull the kerb - ing over Mm for bedclothes while he sank Into the sound sleep of the just—and 'tanked' '—murmured : 'Now, zMsh is wor I call real jam ! I haven't shpent a shent i'day — I didn't have it t' shpend ; but i;ve been t' the 'leckshuns, an' now if I was th' bloomin' Dook o' . Westminister I couldn't Ibe—more^-drunk— drunk — drunker 7-ha.n I am J' , * * * ' * What we would do if we were to suddenly drop in for a million or two is a fa.yorite | topic of mental speculation with mo3t-'of us, j but perhaps it is just as well that we never ?: get beyond speculation. , The number of j persons' ruined by riches . is far greater than , people imagine. And yet I don't think I-j would run away from even Tyson's ghost if j it came along and offered ine a will making j me sole heir to the paltry couple ot millions ?. the old man left behind hini- ^Knorwiedge -and practice are two very different 'things — as any friendless - young lawyer will tell you. ? * ? ? ♦ . The other day I came across an excellent Eastern fable with- an excellent N.S.E. and Western moral, and it rattled .along some t» it offiai* fV»n ^nl IattiJ n or 'erf ttI a Hno rlfl v ?as the .Sultan of Haxembedad was riding abroad to show off his good clothes and give his.' starving' subjects a treat : by allowing ' them to gaze upon his 'fair, round belly, with good oapo'n lin'd,' a peasant fell down before him and cried out : 'Oh, great and powerful L/ord of the Sun' and Ruler of the World, take pity; on my. forlorn condition.' 'I don't see anything wrong with your con dition ; it seems good enough for one of the lower orders,' replied the mighty mon arch, as he looked- the fellow over. 'What's the trouble ? . Has your wife returned after running away with a lodger, or didst thou find a bottle of patent , medicine '.on the highway-and' drink it down in mistake for rare . old port ?' 'No, your Highness,' ; moaned the man ;_'the reason I ache, and sigh, and suffer, is because I haven't a dam or a dump in the world. I am as poor as Job's turkey.' 'Oh, is that all ?' ex claimed 'the Sultan, cheerily. 'You want to be a Rothschild or a Jimmy Tyson, do you ?' 'Yes, if it so pleases your Mighty Highness.' 'All right,' said the Sultan, 'I'll send you down a cartload r of golden coins from the State Treasury, and make you a C.M.G. — Companion of the Monkey and Goat — and put your name on the visi tors' list at Government House. I'm al ways ready to do a good turn for my people — especially when it's paid for out of the people's money. So long ! Brsmillah ! and likewise Faugh-a-Ballagh !' * ♦ * * Next day a cart laden with gold and drawn by two splendid asses drew up be fore the door of the other ass, whose name was Muley Muldoon, and the driver thereof began to discharge Ms cargo. The money had barely been stacked away, however, be fore the peasant's wife exclaimed : 'Well, s'welp me Fuzbuz ! tMs -is a throw in if you like! Now, let me see ; we'll move out of this shanty at once, and into 'that castle of Casim Caser's on the hill, and while you're fixing it up I'll go to Hassem Hooley's emporium and order 20,000 pias tres worth of furniture — won't the Raffer.tis sit uf- when they see that ?— and then I'll drive in our carriage round to Mahfoi's— there's a bargain sale on there now ; isn't that lucky ! — and I'll get 10,000 piastres' „ worth, of toggery that'll make all the women snort for miles around, ana then I'll get Foogi Fum, the florist, to fix up a bong tc-ng . 'conservasworrie, to stick trees and things in so that the men and women can court and hug unbeknown to their wives and husbands when, we hold our openin' 'function,' an' the single people are Mckin' about in th' ballroom', and; ? ' » . ' * ? 'Hold on, . Zuleika . Susan !' interrupted the /suddenly enriched.: peasant, /'stop at that ! I can stand the castle and car riage, and clothes and all the rest, but I'm goin' to shut down on 'those derned 'func tions' and 'sworries,' and balls, and all other tomfoolery of the kind. All you get for your trouble over them is to have your floors welted in by the dancin' dervishes, and your grog guzzled by the bong- tong bummers, who abuse you next day for your cookery and laugh at you for your bad manners. We'll have no balls in our man sion while. I'm the master ? ' 'You're ?the what ?' shrieked Zulieka Susan, as she gripped an axe-handle in one hand and her husband's hair ?with the other, and be gan to pound him until he felt red-hot all over : 'You're the master, are you ?' By the holy Bulbul ! I'll teach you different to that, even if I have to thump you from now till the Sultan's 9&th; birthday ! Great Mokanna ! Look at the six-a-shillin' she root that prates about being the master- of the Muldoon mansion !' And with that the strong-minded and strong-armed Zu leika Susan caught her unlucky spouse by the sag of his baggy breeches and was vigorously dusting the floor with him when in trooped , his father and her mother, and a whole paddockful of relatives, all eager to tender their congratulations and tapi the miserable Muley to the fullest extent of Ms good nature and his cheque-book. * * * * Order having been restored, Zuleika Su san started off to. the kitchen in search of refreshments, but £he soon found it im possible to do amything but attend to the front door calls of apparently every trades man and traveller in the country. Every body was now madly desirous to secure poor Muldoon's custom, although no-, one j would have trusted him 'the day before for a pen'north of figs ; the piano-maker, the sewing machine 'agent, the man with 'a good dorg' all called to do a 'dicker,' and even the graveyard poet dropped in with 'obituary verses suitable for all ages'— little things of his own, dashed off on a tombstone ait dead of night All the neighbors flocked up to borrow something, perfect strangers called to ask trumped-up questions and endeavor to start a sooia/ble conversation ; two ancient uncles began a furious fight to decide who should stand godfather to Muldoon's next child, although there hadn't been a baby in the family for ten years before ; 37 mollahs, or clergy men, called for money for missions to the poor little heathens of Australia, or to re lease their churches from the . mortgage 'monkey' perched on 'the steeples ; inven tors, poets, patent medicine men ahd others crowded up in scores, and during the con fusion that followed, a gang of confidence men, thinly disguised as prominent politi cians, stole all the gold, and the unfortu nate Muley slipped out and tore off to .the Sultan's Palace as fast as ever Ihis legs could carry him. # ? * ? The Sultan, who had just been 'playing Hobson' lin the harem, or kissing his 394 wives, with exactly the same amount of warmth, so that one woman might not be jealous of the other, stopped as he saw poor Muldoon tearing along as though he had just been kicked by Satan himself, and cheer fully exclaimed : 'Hello, Muley ? Fancy meeting you ! Been having a gay old time, I suppose, on the strength of my little present, hey ?' 'Oh, yes, thou w-ise and all-powerful ruler,' gasped Muley, 'it was a lively time indeed ; but now, kind mon arch, please take back your riches and leave me a poor man as before. I'll be good, and I'll never hanker after wealth again. I ?thought I would have made a- mighty fine millionaire, but, as the boy said after he had tried to Tide the ancient William Goat, 'I know a lot better now !' ' 'But you owe me four thousand piastres for Income Tax,' returned the Sultan, severely, 'and if you don't pay up at once, I'll order the Lord High Executibtter,' Kntizhedoff, .to :wliaek yiou one thousand whacks on the sole of each 'foot.' ? ? ? , A week later the unlucky peasant, was able to crawl home on his hands , and knees, and i when Zuleika Susan came, along from the wash-tub, that was now her' sole sup port, he pitifully exclaimed : 'No m|ore; millionaire for me, old girl . I'm full, oi ; 'functions' and fal-de- dals, and I've, gpf/ back riiy appetite for -eightpenny tea and. salt-horse and damper, and you can oa.Il m-' a-gcat if I over . tails in my .sleep. about the. Rothschild family again. I've experienced, tjie Curse of Riches ; now, I long for the Blessings of Poverty. Lead me out to my faithful, patient ass, and. the pair of us, will do a weep together, while you slip along and ask Ali Baba Brannigan to trust me for a; jug o' beer. To Hades with riches ! Poverty for ever !' 