Curiosities of Marriage. \+ ? all subjects, marriage is perhaps the most gene rally interesting — except to the married. Here is a catalogue of curiosities in matrimony: Probably the briefest courtship on record was that TSf John Bate and Mary Ann Bass, who were married in August, 1819, in a small town in New York State, after an ? acquaintance of one hour. A poet of the period thus immortalised the event: — Is this not angling well, I ask, Such tender bait to take? He caught in one short hour a Bass; The Bass, though, caught the Bate. On the other hand, long-extended courtships ' are by no means uncommon. A conspicuous one was that between Captain Thomas Baxter, of Quincey, and Miss Whitmore, who were united at Bridgewater in 1788. The bridegroom was sixty-six years old, and the bride fiftyrseven. Their wedding brought to a successful issue a pro tracted and tedious courtship of forty-eight years, which they both .sustained with uncommon forti tude. Coming down to our own times, the year 1892 is noteworthy for perhaps the most expeditious marriage ceremony ever performed. It occurred in the States. The contracting parties desired to catch a particular boat, so a justice made them husband and wife in a carriage while thev horses were being rapidly- driven to the wharf. A minis ter refused to unite the couple, and only ten minutes remained . before the departure of the steamer; but even in that brief space a justice was found and the knot was tied. The happy pair caught the boat. Marriages in queer places are but the natural outcome of this novelty-loving age. In 1897 a wedding was gone through in a den of lions, when the bride and bridegroom, the clergyman, and as many of the bridesmaids as could find room, en tered the den, and the entire ceremony was gone through. There were two lions in the cage, but they appeared too amazed to show ferocity. During the Chicago World's Fair a marriage took place on the Ferris Wheel, at a height of 250ft above the ground. Another couple chose the inside of the head of the huge figure of the Goddess of Liberty in New York Harbor for their marriage. 'Very quaint,, too, was -the idea of the bridegroom who chose a spot in a cemetery, close to the grave of his first wife, as the scene for his second marriage ceremony. Weddings have been solemnised in balloons, and in coal mines, by telephone, and on the phonograph, in show windows, and on house-roofs; in fact, in all sorts of places have twos been made ones, not except ing death-beds. In connection with death -bed marriages, here is a remarkable inciijent; Some years ago a young Hungarian military officer was requested to pay a visit to a rich widaw af sixty, who, the doctors said, was on the point of death. The sol dier went, and the lady said that if he married her all her wealth would be his. Thinking the chance too great to be thrown away, he agreed, and they were married. Then a remarkable thing happened; the supposed dying woman pick ed up her health again, and lived for another twenty years, eventually going hence in 1890. It is a truly sad story, as- the young man's life was ruined by his unhappy marriage. The chaplain of a country gaol once married a convict. The clergyman was a widower with quite a retinue of children. This exceptional union would not have been known but for the fact that the wife neglected to report herself on her ticket-of -leave, and the officials of the Penal Department complained accordingly. In conse quence of this the chaplain was appointed to another prison. Many unexpected things have happened at wed dings, . but it is rare indeed that one hears ,of a bride becoming insane immediately after the ceremony. Such a case, however, occurred at a marriage in Stuttgart. The couple were re-, turning home from the registry office, when sud denly the bride sprang from the carriage and ran to her mother's house, where she threw herself on the floor screaming that ghosts were follow ing her. The unfortunate lady had gone raving mad, and was taken to a. lunatic asylum. In 1892, at Christchurch, New Zealand, a woman minus arms was married, the ring being placed on the fourth toe of her left foot. Such an event has occurred before. InL1-: marriage register of the church of St. James, Bury St. Edmunds, is this singular record:— . . 1832, November 5, Christopher Nernson, Charity MorrelL Charity Morrell being entirely without arms the ring was placed upon the fourth toe* .of hex-right foot, 'and she wrote her name in this register with her right foot.— 'Daily Mail.'~ What makes a boy a gentleman? Not merely lifting his hat to the ladies he meets, although that may be one sign; provided he lifts his hat to his mother and sister also. The real sign of the true gentleman is gentle unselfishness. Does he seek the good of others first? Is he brave and tender in caring for those weaker than himself? Does he show respect aiid courtesy to his mother and to those older than himself? Then put him down as a gentleman of the true school, whether his feet be shod in patent leather or he have no shoes. at all. 