B0OK II.—FOUND. APOSTROPHE. " Water, water everywhere, And not a drop to drink." COLERIDGE Oh, cruel sea! Oh, remorseless sea! whose treacherous wares have engulphed so much of good so much of evil; in whose secret depths, far below thy ever- shifting surface, lie the brave, the noble, the beautiful, the vicious and the wicked. Down amidst thy ooze and slime they lie, as silent witnesses of thy dread power until the " Trumpet, shall sound and the sea give up her dead." Oh, terrible sea ! lapping gently on the white shingle in the bright, golden sunlight, or thundering in fury against the eternal rocks. Oh, sea! " in thy calm a melody, in thy storm a stately psalm." Oh, sea! mirroring the white- winded ships in thy smooth blue face, or healing them down in thy wrath and pitilessly dragging them into thy profound abysses, amidst the horror of darkness and the eternity of changeless rest. Oh, sea! beautiful sea, whose tranquil waters reflect the pure pale- faced moon and the myriads of far-off stars, making a new heaven beneath our feet. Oh, fearful sea! whose huge bil- lows, lashed into fury by the ravening winds, roar greedily for prey and leap in impotent rage skyward, only to fall back in wild confusion, like Titans who would scale the heavens that frown upon their vain endeavors. Oh, sea ! so lovely in thy tranquility, so terrible, yet so sub- lime, in thy wrath ; my home so long, so nearly my grave ; how often have I temp- ted thy treacherous bosom, but nevermore, nevermore! CHAPTER I. DRIFTING. Lost, lost, lost, on the vast expanse of ocean that stretched away, thousands of leagues, east west, north, south, with no land near save these inaccessible cliffs, that shot up far above our heads and sent out, here and there, sharp shafts of hidden reef, like horns wailing to gore our frail barks. Fifteen human beings in two small boats, in a sea almost always stormy, without food for more than two or three days, without covering, except our satu- rated clothing, without water. What was before us save lingering to the death that must, sooner or later, overtake us ? Would it not be better to at once do as one of the men advised us, stave the boats and drown all hands at once rather than undergo the prolongation of misery which seemed inevitable? Wiser counsels and love of dear life prevailed, however: and, although we had all of what provisions there were in our boat, we de- termined to stick together as long as we could. But as the night advanced and the fog settled on the face of the waters and the cold wind chilled us to the very marrow, the extent of our hopeless position became more and more apparent. Some prayed, others blasphemed, some sank into speechless apathy—and so the cold, hope less morrow broke. We had drifted during the night about a mile from the rocks, which showed dim and ghost-like through the mist. All was silent around ; not a sound, except the low, unceasing hiss of the water, or the occasional wash of a little ripple against the boat, as we drifted helplessly and list- lessly away. But suddenly the sun, which is rarely seen in this desolate region, after a struggle with the hazy atmosphere, shone sicklily and faintly on us. This was something, but very little, and it roused us from the condition of settled despair into which we were rapidly sinking. Cheered by the example of the mate and Jim Cragg, we set about another search for a landing place amidst the chaos of rock, though with very little hope of success, for the cliffs rose every where sheer from the water. We were now, as I said, fifteen souls in all, eleven in oar boat, one of the quarter boats, and four in the other, a small one, not much bigger than a dingy. The weather had been singularly calm for these latitudes, where storm and tem- pest is the rule the whole year round ; and fortunate for us was this, as, had the sea got up, we must inevitably have been swamped at once. We hailed the smaller boat to follow us, which, after a pause, they did slowly and sullenly. The reason of this we knew soon enough. Amongst the four men who manned the boat the demon of dis- cord had already risen, the cause being strong drink. It appeared that one of them had brought with him from the wreck a small metal flask of brandy, and this he had concealed in his bosom. For a while the terror of the time seemed to have caused him to forget his prize, but as the cold, raw morning crept on he had remembered it, and had been seen by his mates taking small sips of the spirit. The other three had asked him to share it, but he had churlishly refused. This had led to a quarrel and, as they took up their oars to pull after us, his selfishly taking another sip brought the quarrel lo a terrible issue. The others rose simul- taneously, with the intention of wresting the coveted prize from their companion and a struggle ensued, in which the flask fell overboard and sank like a stone. One of the men, as he saw it drop into the water, made a frantic dart at it, but missed his footing and, striking the gun- wale of the boat with his head, fell senseless into the sea, at the same time capsizing the vessel, which was small and crank, and in a instant the other three were floundering in the water. One of them—the one who had had the flask which had caused the mischief and who was a passenger and one whom we knew as working on the diggings where we had made our money—succeeded in reaching the boat, now floating bottom upwards ; the others, after a few frantic struggles, sank, locked together in the embrace of drowning men. At first we pulled round as for an effort to save them, but this the mate sternly forbade ; and, heartless as it seemed, we knew that he was right, for our boat was already too full and their rescue would have been certain destruction to all. It was a horrible fate; and yet how many of us afterwards wished we had shared it, when in the Iong, long time of miserable existence we dragged out, we prayed for the death that came so linger- ingly, yet so certainly. Yet to leave the one who clung in desperation to the bottom of the over- turned boat without an effort to save him, at least, was more than we could do, so, after some consultation, we dragged the poor wretch into our ark of refuge, taking the boat in tow. Better had it been for him, for us, for me in particular, had we then left him to perish, better ; but no, my fate, although I knew it not then, was bound up in his. Mine was the voice that gave the casting vote that saved his life ; mine was the life that, in after years, he shrouded beneath the dark pall of crime, from remorse of which I have suffered, still suffer. Let me here state who and what he was, as I knew him then. What I knew of him afterwards will appear in due course. He was a Swede, named Joseph Born, a middle-aged man, a man gloomy and taciturn ; one who had been of the first on our diggings and who had left just before the fire on the flat. He was a man I did not like ; a man, in fact, whom nobody seemed to care much about, and whom I had not seen since his depar- ture from Fiery Creek until I met him on board the day we sailed. How his fate became interwoven with mine this history will show. 