STRONG MEN. There is much talk and not a little en tertainment amongst the Bendigo police over Big Kelly’s challenge to Strong Man Sampson. The general impression is that whiJsfc has ihe muscles and tho strongtii aha reach ol arm> tho Ydlika wised Frenchmanhaetravollod tod farand is too old-in, tho hom for. pur Golden Square boy. Report oven says that Con stable Burke, who, by the way, sports the finest arid handsomest pair of mous tachios in the North-Western police dis trict, has challenged the big man to a trial_of strength.- Burke, however, is be ing persuaded by his friends to let the Kelly and Sampson contest come off first, and then tackle the winner. - Winch, I believe, he is going to do—when it comes off. • ; ; This, however, is interesting from a natural history point of view. When Ben digo’s big constable \yas 22 or 23 years of age, that is when ho* first caiuo hero as a constable, ho was only 6ft; Sin, high. He kept on growing taller, till he finally stopped at between 24 and 25 years of age. His matured height now (in his stocking soles) is 6ft. I have read in books that men often continued increasing in height until about 25 years of age, but this is the first man X ever* met with who grow appreciably taller after passing his 20th or 22nd year. Tho tendency with most of ub after that is fo increase in girth rather than in upward measurement. Kelly lias done both, as he is now about 21 stone- weight. Ho is far ami away the largest man in tho Victorian police force, for though Constable Mason (late of Ingle wood, now of Russell-street) is 6ft. 7m.. Mason is very lightly built—only 11 or 12 st. weight. MISCELLANEOUS. Wo waste a lot of time talking abo.nl our slropgest or our longest, man, or this ! or that other fellow, but let us for once give our kindest man a show. Unfortu nately, though, ns is so often the case where goodness is the only merit, our record Victorian kind man is dead. He was JDr. S. J. Burke of North Melbourne. Some of his friends are arranging for a memorial to keep the memory green of a * good and skilful man. Thus says the Herald : —“ Within our knowledge, ho would take a cab from the ranks at night so as to avoid disturbing his own groom, and go off in it to one of his pecuniarily unprofitable cases. ‘ Never be a doctors wife, my dear-/ ho once remarked to a young ladv, ‘or you will have to stay up till all hours, as my wife does for me, for servants have to work hard all day, and wo don’t make them work at night also.’ ” Doctors, as. a rule, are kind and con siderate of others. The alleviation of pain and suffering becomes second nature with many of them. But it will be a happy day in Victoria when men (and women too) of tho disposition of the late Dr, Burke are as plentiful as now they are rare—when the race of philanthro pists in public and ‘’niggers’’ in private shall have gone to the place prepared for them. For instance, is it not mystifying that all young girls who possibly can evade domestic service evade it? They prefer any tiling to it—the shop, the factory, or the big farmer, or small squatter’s gover ness at £20 a year with “ liberal deduc tions” for Christmas, Easter and mid winter holidays, bringing down (as per Ax-gus correspondence) ..the net “ screw ” to £12 or £15 per year. They are very ximvise, however, for in domestic sex-vice, especially in.the country districts, they can bo treated to unlimited quantities of good healthful work and sound fresh air. I happen to know of a domestic vacancy of this character unfilled at present up Rochester way. A strong girl is wanted, but the duties arc very light. All that she is wanted to do is (a) to milk five cows every morning before breakfast (b) pre pare and serve breakfast for ten persons (c) help the pretty nearly ns unfortunate wife to get four children ready for school (d) wash and dress a toddler of last year’s crop, and a new baby of this season’s pro duce (c) get the pigs’ and fowls’ feed ready and feed it to them (f) feed the calves and stake them out in their pad dock (g) some daily washing (h) make and serve dinner for 10 persons (i, j, k and away on to z) other similar duties lasting to 9 and 10 o’clock every night. No even ings or afternoons off, as girls get into trouble so when they’ie idle and unoc cupied. Remuneration offered (a posi tive fact) 3s per week! The billet is still vacant. And yet "oo.t philanthropic people of both sexes who do so dearly love their own ease and who so fervently wor ship a good income for themselves, arc as tonished that any one could ever harbor “ objections ” to domestic servitude. They have struck a golden reef on tho Golden Pykc line, and we do all hope they’re light at last. It must have been some Shakespearian student of Scottish tendencies who selected names for the com panies in this locality. Thus I can fancy tho virile and un-Bowdleriscd ghost of the defunct MacBeth Company felicitatively addressing the MacDuff Company after the latter’s first dividend. “ Pay on MacDuff, ' And bo damned to him who first cries, ‘ Gold enough!’ ” 