3tents of 4emrs. QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY.- To-morrow being the 8oth anniversary of Her Majesty Queen Victoria's birthday, it has been gazetted a public and bank e holiday. There will only be the first delivery of letters, the Pust-office clos e ing at to a.m. The telegraph depart d ment will be open from 8.30 to to a.m., r- and 6 to 7 p.m. it THE SUB-DIVISION QUESTION.-In s, reference to this matter, Mr T. H. a Row, the secretary of the committee d opposed to the sub- division of the Shire into three ridings, has received Is the following communication :-" De Y partment of Public Works, Melbourne, t- 17th May, 1899. SIR,-In connection e with the petition presented praying for the re- subdivision of the Shire of Tra ralgon, I beg to inform you that a is counter- petition has been lodged, which s bears a greater number of signatures than appear on tie original petition, d and consequently no further action can be taken in the matter by the Depart ment.-I have the honor to be, Sir, a your obedient servant, D. E. MARTIN, "y Secretary. FURNITURE SALE. - Messrs A. y. MLean and Co., will to day sell at , Morwell, on account of Mr A. C. Poivell, who has disposed of his chemists business, the whole of his e furniture, piano;, fowls, etc. The sale e starts at 12.30, and luncheon will be y provided... - n INcoMaE-TAX.-We remind those who It have failed to remit their incometax It money that they have only a few days in which to do so, as the Commissioners e notifies that the income-tax must be e paid on or before the and June. Fall r- ing to do this, they will probably have , to pay double. 1 s THE BRANDY CREEK RACING CLUB have prepared an attractive programme for their meeting to-morrow (Queen's Birthday.) Particulars of the various events, may be seen in our advertising is space. The meeting will be run under -. V.R.C. rules. The route of the course in Mr Venable's paddock has been altered thus only one turn will be n encountered .and the running ground i increased by 4, furlongs, making the II full distance one mile. e A SUCCESSFUL OPERATION. - On e Tuesday last Master Albert Dear underwent an operation on his loot, when a piece of bone, which broke in the foot some three months ago, was 1 successfully extracted. The operation h was performed by Dr. Horne, assisted lI by Dr. Clarke, who has recently come Ito Traralgon. Soa.EsBODY BLUNDERED. -On Satur \- day bills were posted about the town stating that Hyland's circus would open that night. We wondered very much, e especially as a post-card had been I1 received from the agent on Thursday afternoon requesting us not to insert the advertisement till we heard from him. Of course the circus did not turn up; in fact it was at Walhilla, e having left Toongabbie on Friday e morning for that township. t . BAIN & MACDONALD are sole district e agents for City Corporation Manures, Surprize Island Guano and Weishers Superphosphate Manures, supplied by us at manufacturers' list price, carriage f added.-ADvT. 1 THE LICENSING AcT.-This is about the most peculiar Act there is on the Statute book, and another illustration of this was given on Thursday night last, when the Trustees of the Loyal e Alliance Lodge endeavored to procure a transfer of the license of the Star Hotel. The. application was brought under the i2oth section, and though the former tenant had got out before the t ejectment notice was served upon him, and there was no opposition, still, 1 according to Mr Cressweli's reading of the Act, it was necessary that a notice should be served on Mr Rust, and he be requestd to sign a transfer. From the evidence it appeared Mr Bliss had served a notice upon Mr Rust, but no direct application had been made to him to sign the transfer. Mr Roberts a solicitor from town, pointed out that a demand had been made upon Rust to transfer the license, but this was I prior to the writ of ejectment being issued, and it did not hold good. Mr Roberts claimed that as far as he could interpret the Act the necessary notice had been given. There were no schedules or anything else to be guided by, so he had written the notices as closely to the Act as possible. He further stated that had the former licensee died or left the colony, how could he be requested to sign the transfer. Mlr Cresswell, however, stuck to his view, that it was necessary that the former licensee be requested to sign a proper transfer, before the owners of the property could come into Court and ask for a transfer. He also con sidered that had the Court sat at the usual hour of so a.m., 7 days clear notice had not been given, as the paper was dated the tithl. As stated in our last issue, the application was adjourned to the s4th June, but as Mir Cresswell has to go to Walhalla on that date the case will be heard at Morwell on the folowing day. RECEIPT AND PAY OFFICE.-The following accounts await payment at the sub-treasury :- Traralgon - Chas. Varney, Toongabbie Mechanics. Mor welI-A. J. Hipwell, Moe Mechanics', J. Thon'pson, F. Leach, Jas Keegan, G. Cox. Rosedale-E. Freshwater. RoUoH WVEaTHER.-Exceptionally rough and wintry weather was ex-I perienced on Sunday last. Rain set in Sshortly before to p.m. on Saturday night, and there were frequent showvers during the night and early on Sunday morning. Squalls of rain and hail occurred during Sunday, which was one of the roughest days experienced this year. The rainfall was considerable. FOR SALE.--God Seed Tartarian Oats and Rye for green feed.-Apply J. S. MILLlGAN, Traralgor.-ADvT: ACCIDENT.-The " Times" writes : -Some uneasiness was felt in Sale on Sunday evening during one of the squalls at an empty gig with a galloping horse dashing down Raymond-street to the Criterion stables. An examination showed it to be the Rev. Father M'Mahon's well known gig and the horse one that had been clipped at the stables a few days before but which had not been in the habit of being stabled there. The springs of the gig were badly broken and it was clear that an accident had happened. On inquiry it was ascertained that Father M'Mahon had been thrown from the gig whilst coming from Rosedale in the storm, but fortunately he escaped with no more serious injury than a severe shaking. The weather was very severe on Sunday and the horse no doubt got the full force of it having just lost his coat. The reverend gentlemen's friends will be pleased to learn that he got off so well. MORWELL POLICE COURT.-At this Court on Thursday last, Thos. Walsh, an old resident of Yinnar, was pro ceeded against on a charge of having on the 18th February last buried the body of a still-born child in his pad dock, without the previous approval in riting from the Board. of Public Health. Defendant did not deny the charge, but stated he had buried a still-born child in the same place ten years ago, and he had carried out an expressed wish when he had buried the child in question near the other. He regretted he did not know at the time that it was necessary to have the Board's permission. Mr Cresswell in formed defendant he was liable to a fine of L2o, and £1 a day as long as the offence was committed. Defendant said it was hot weather at the time, and he had made all enquiries during the time at his disposal. He had looked up the Health Act and saw nothing to prevent him from burying the child as he had done. The P.M. : There is no doubt your action was a t matter of sentiment, but it is -against Sthe law._ A fine of £2 was imposed, 5 and 7s 4d costs. THE TYSON. EsTATE.-When letters of administration in the estate of the late James Tyson, the Australian millionaire,-were granted recently for representatives of the various branches c of the family, it was thought that there s would be no further litigation in regard s to the mazlageinent and distribution of the property. It would appear, how ever, that the' arrangement is not viewed with satisfaction by all the next of kin, for one of their number, Mrs Mulholland, a resident of Queensland, has issued a writ, both in Queensland and Victoria, claiming administration by the court. The law permits any person who considers that there is good ground for objecting to those to whom letters have been granted to bring an action within 12 months of the date of appointment by the court. The Vic I torian writ has been issued by Messrs Malleson, England and Stewart, as agents for Mrs Mulholland's solicitors in Brisbane, Messrs Fitzgerald and Power. A BIG FACTORY.-The shareholders of the Euroa Butter and -Ice Factory Company have again the pleasure of knowing that they have had a most successful year. I he balance-sheet and directors' report, just. published, shows that the mihk purchased for the year amounted to nearly I} million gallons, which returned 274 tons butter and about six tons cheese.. The total receipts amounted to £27,531 15S 3d. Of this the sum of £2 1,46o 54s 9d was returned to dairymen for milk supplied, the balance being absorbed in general working expenses, less £t89i profit. This latter item the directors propose to appropriate as follows :-Dividend to-shareholders, at 8 per cent., £329. 18s 4d ; bonus to milk suppliers, £234 ; Write off buildings and machinery, £300 x3s xd; mn:king a total of £873 xIs 5d. This leaves a, balance of over £'rooo, from which it is proposed to utilise whatever may be required for the purpose of making necessary im provements at the factory or cream eries. BAG SNATCHING.--Another case of bag snatching has occurred in Mel bourne, but the police have not got th e matter in hand, and this is (writes Atttcus in the Leader) its first appear ance in print. A gentleman in business in the city, a most domesticated man, had been worried for some time by the wife oh his bosom, who desired to be rid of the house cat, and the Tom was Scarried away many timnes and disposed of in many ways, but the cat came back most persistently. So one evening, when coming into his office to put in some night work, the housefather popped the domestic feline into an old hand bag, and brought it into town, intendipg to liberate.it in one of thie lanes of the city. \\\'len passing down Flinders street a man dashed past him, snatching the bag from his hand, and ran up a lane leading into Little Collins-street. The business man did did not pursue him, and he now wishes to express his gratitude to the bag-snatcher through the medium of thie press. The cat has not come back, and one can imagine the astonishment and disgust of the thief when he opened the bag. P.aRcELs.--Parcels for thie following are lying at the Raiwvay Station : Bodycomb, Russell, Receipt and Pay Master, O'Halloran, Home, Mitchell, Wolff, Hurler, M'Gartland, Row, Milne, Mayze, O'Connor, Jones. Goodsir, Waite, Roberts, Matthews, Livingstone, Gay. LAMPS ! LAMPs! LA.?TPS! - JUSt opened, the latest designs and patterns in Hanging and Table Lamps at D. J. IM'CART'rIx'S, Tinsmith and Hardware Store, Franklin-street, 'Fr.ralgon. - ADVT. ,-~ The registrar hlas granted probate to tthu wllis of Airguos MuDordd £1,781, and Susan Tannler £511. The hurdle racer, Marvel, who has comueted all round this distriet.chas been aoud for £20 to go to India. Thie only dauhter of Mr T. Smith, of NorthlMirboo, aged 19 years, was drowned in a waterhleu on Thursday afteriurn. She was playini with a dog which knocked heb int, tihe hole. IMr Robert Bruce Kennick, a widely kuowrn city solicitor ended his hlIfe by shootiig himsolf with a revolver. No reason assigned, except overwork. All his :taifrsr are found to be in a satisfactory stare. W. HEWInTT, saddler, Traralgoi, is a E Purchaser of all descrrptions of Hides i and Skinsa, at highest mtarket rates. Pr,,,, pt Cash oa delivery of each lot.- a Anvy. A man who was sentenced at the Wor. cesterehire assizes to nine mouths' im prisonment for stealing a florin, sa:d he ha I accidentally swallowed the coin. The X-rays proved the truth of his story, and tihe man has been released from goal by order of the Home Secretary. A: amusing incident occurred during a performance of Faust. In one scene .IMephistophlieles disappears through the ground into Hades, but on this occasion r the trap door only let him down half way, and there he stuck. This might not have been so bad had not the situation been I irretrievably spoilt by a graceless youth in I the gallery, who gave vent to the pious exclamation - " Thank goodness, hell's full at last." The curtain had to be rung down after that. A story is told in connection with the running of the first train of the Great t northern Line to Manchester, via Not tingham. Passenger at King's Cross ad t dressed guard : " Please, I want you to waike me up whe 'we reach York. Imay be disagreeable and say things, but, never mind that, just get me out at York." Said passenger sleeps blissfully until New castle is reached, when lihe appears on the platform and reproaches the guard. 'Ay, ay, sir,' answerseIie guard, who is a Scots titan, "ye may swear. as ye will; it can be naething to fat.was said by the mtan I put ot at York." The medical gentleman who introduced those dreadful bubonic plague germs into Victoria, which were promptly "arrested" and destroyed by a member of our detec Stive force is indignant because his paternal Government has only offered him 20 gns. as a recompense for their loss. ' He modestly appraises the value of his collec tion at £300, and will have none of the Governmental offer. To my mind the Health Department has exhibited a weak kneed policy by submitting any offer at all and the gentleman in question should think himself very fortunate in not get ting into serious trouble, seeing the great risk the colony ran by his action. Mr Albert Harris, M.L.A., informts the Walhalla " Chronicle" that lie gives fre quent attention to'the puestion of funds for the completion of the North Road, and hopes to see at no distant date a coach s running from Wood's Point to Walhalla. Just so, our worthy member, that is a v consummation devoutly wished for, which, Swith a railway, will undoubtedly open up our vast mineral resources, lilt us out of our present obscurity, make a tip-top asset in the colony's wealth, and crown Albert t Harris, M.LA., as having performed a tangible duty for his electorate. Mr Taverner, Victorian Minister of Agriculture, who recently obtained from Mr. Chamberlisn, Secretary for the Colonies, apromise that he would support the Victorian request to the War Office r for the withdrawal of the boycott on Australian leather, has succeeded in making an arrangement with the War SOffice authorities. Army contractors for f tie future will be debarred from using Australian leather only in respect to artillery harness. For other army pur poses Australian leather will be treated t simply on.its merits, and the War Office i promises to supply samples of the kinds and qualities of leather required. In the Divorce Court Mary Louisa Timms petitioned for the dissolution of her marriage with .Charles 'Anderson Timms on the grounds of repeated acts of adultry. The parties wer married on 9.h January, 1877, at St John's Ciurch, Edin burgh, and they came to Victoria in 1893. Respondent started business as grazier in \- ippsland, which business he still carried on: She lived with her husband on the property for a time. He was frequently absent in-Sydney, and she made inquiries about his conduct, and found that he had been living with a woman as his wife at ai hotel for snome mouths. A decree nisi was granted. A Ballarat youth who had been playing ghost, or whose behavior was such as to lead to_ the belief that he had been en gaged in that silly and injurious prank, fell into the arms of a stalwart miner at Redan a night or two ago. He is very sore and sorry now-the miners wrath was great and the hand with which he emote phosphorescent sparks out of the " ghost" were hard and heavy. It seems queer to talk of a ghost having bruises all over him and limping in his, walk, but the days of miracles are not Iast. This ghost (says the " Courier") is blue in patches and it walks as one who had suffered. A somewhat unique libel action has just been disposed of. A Wellington (N.Z.) bookmasor naumed Higgius was heavily fined for loiteritg in Willis-street. The Evening Post commended the deci i-;ii oi the magistrate, and remlarked that if such penalties were always imposed the r loafer iuisance would soon be abolished. Higgina sued the Post for calling him a loafer, thus damaging his character and business. The jury, however, held that it was a fair journalstia comment, and that no injury had been done to the plain tiff, and-a verdict for defendant, with costs, was entered. A rather hutmorous incident is reported from one of the Colac churches oil Sunday. " The preacher was reading a portio.t of the Scriptures which contained the words. ' They are all dumb dogs ; they cannot bark.' Immediately this sentetoco was delivered," writes a contemporary, " the preacher's own dog strolled down the aisle, and stantding with its front feet upon the comnmunion rails, gazed wistfully at the orating owner. Needless to re mark it was not allowed to remain there, blt as it was being removed from the building it furnisnted ample proof that the words had tieno application in its case." Thie statements made by Mr Crowe at the butter factory managers' cooferouece ot Wednesday, as to the percentage of remuneration upon the output received by maniagers atid secretaries has given rise to further inquiries. The cases formingii the basis of- tihe figures quoted have on examination revealed the fact that whereas thie agents of the companies received for comsmission 4.4 per cent. on the turnover, the mantager, who re lly created the-value of the butter, received 0.48 per cent. This distribution if the " rewards of labor" is regarded as inequit aile. The suggestion is not so much that the agen!s receive too r much, but that the malnSlgers receive too little. Mr. Hoeiry Ptrkmlan'a child, 15 moonths of age, Ihal a soesationai experience Iear lKoidrook thie other day. 'Teh child, who was just able to walk, strayed fr-mi thie imother, appr,:rached a cow, attd pull rig homne griass, oil ried it tothecow tie ci o eat. A dg just then ann,,yed the cow, arid she lowered her hioe td to drive it off. RIaisilg the hcad agaii, ine if thie hrns pele:riatcd tihe child's crheek, and thie cow pulled the childl off her feet, and carried her away ot its born. When tilre mother miissed the child, after a few irotents' absence, she looked rournd, ard caw the cow rwalking alway with rllechild harrging on Its torn. Slte liberated tile little otto as quickly as possible, and the latter wras cnveyed to Kerang, where it was found that thie accident had not entailed aiy serious liaceration, and ihat tle bones of tits jaw were trot broken. The child is doing well. 