SHADDEGK LIGHT. BY MRS MAY AGKES FLEMINC. •nthor of "The Star ot De Vere." "Wei S^el No Wire," "Lord Sory." "A "Woman'* Hand." "A Wonderful Woman." "Korinę." &c;_, &e.; PARTU. CHAPTER JOE-(Continued.) He wears no whiskers or beard, a heavy flark moustache alone shades his mouth, but does not conceal its fine, determined contour, nor the shapely, well- rounded obstinate chin. A man whose reputation IS not lightly to be trifled with; a man not to be too quickly or easily accused; a inan who knows how to defend his own fconor and good name, or the mouth and chic., those dark, determined eyes belie cim. Dr Vacderhoff goes, and the servants are examined. Have any of them eeen tramps or suspicious characters lurkfag about lately?—and then it comes out that the stable-boy has. Johnny, the statsle boy, appears, looking frightened and irresolute. He stammers a great deal ,vhat he has to say is not easily got et. Got at, however, it amounts to this— at seven, on the morning- of the death he «aw a man coming out of the summerfcouse in the grounds, and hunying away towards the gates. Did he know the man' Wo, Johnny does not know him, but— tnore frightened than before-4ie breaks OL and looks askance at Colonel Ffrencli. ""Twas him!" Johnny says, with a t>urs t. Then there was a thrill, and a hard «rawn breath, and a sensation through the crowd, if you like. And in the midst of it Colonel Ffrench rises, as calm as he is went to be when he leads his men to the hottest of the light, but perhaps a trine more pale. '"The lad is quite right." he savs. "I left the summer-house about seven on that morning." "Tou are not obliged, Colonel Ffrench" begins the Coroner, nervously but Colonel Ffrench goes Quietly on: "I had been here about ten the preceding night. Private business, concerning only myself and Miss Martinez, brought It was not necessary to disturb Mrs! Sansliav.e by my presence, so I did not' Bee her. I remained conversing with Miss i Martinez over half an hour. Then I left. 1 (t was raining heavily, and blowing a eale. I did not care about facing the two- •nile walk to St. Ann's in the teeth of the etorm, and knowing the place well, I went to the summer-house. I sat there for eome hours, but the storm did not abate and finally I fell aslc-ep. 1 left as soon aś I woke, about seven, and so missed the first train to New York, which I intended to take." There is silence—extremely awkward eilence. Dr. Hunter, the coroner, has never felt so embarrassed and nonplussed in his life. It has an ugly look, a devilish Ugly look, he thinks, for the colonel {What the deuce made him stay in the Bummer house? Confound the summer fcouse, and confound Johnny's prying «yes. He gives that youngster a savage glance that makes him quake. There is eot much more to be done. The whole thing is hasty and informal, the jury feel as uncomfortable as the coroner, and about noon a verdict in "accordance with the facts" is returned. Mrs Fanshawe Las died of heart disease, induced by the. shock of the robbery, committed by some person or persons unknown. The detectives down from New York look at one another and grin. Men exchange looks and shrug their shoulders, coroner and jury look unspeakably relieved,;ana depart with stolid faces. They Lave done their duty, now let the detectives find out the robber if thev can. The throng disperses, and Colonel Ffrench follows, amazingly erect and upright, oool and unflinching for a suspected criminal. That evening brings Mr Dane Fansbawe. pale, breathless, horror-stricken. iPera looks at him in honest surprise as ehe sees the grief, the real regret in'h'= face, and softens to him ever so little After all, perhaps, some men cannot belp being half fool, half knave-it seems torn with them-and he has reason to be son,- for he has killed the goose that laid the golden eggs. Vera cannot refrain JErom telling him so. "All that will not bring her back," she eays. -vith a touch of scorn. "If vou had fceen her? it need never have happened, a say it is your doing as much as the burglar's." ° i'®.^' gooa Heaven' Vera, how couia I ten. He is so pale, so piteous, so tremu- ! Ions, as he says it. that she relents "I -did not think—how could anyone ever think—it would come to this?' I "She showed me your telegram"" Vera' exclaims. here eyes flashing. "Prom first tolas'^ Dane Fanshawe, you have acted towards her like a brute, and oh mv poor little Dot. she was fond of vou'" He lays his face on the mantelshelf !wnh a groan. He is actually crying, the weak, poor creature; but it is more than „ ^ V ^ M y o n c ' WOUId h ave given him credit for. Heaven," he says, "to bring" herbach Perhaps at the moment he means it. She sighs drearily, and lays her tired Lead down upon the coffin. "Bring her back!" she repeats with a sob; "bring her back! Oh. Dora, my ilear, my dear!" She has not wept much, i.ut some eubtle chord is touched every now and then, and a rain of tears follows She cries now silently and long. "My dear little love! my dear little love'"' she repeats, over and over. Never onee has one -unkind or harsh word fallen from Dora's lips to her. Dora has loved her cared for her. made sacrifices for her' ana in Dora's dying hour, in her desperate death struggle, she was not there to save or help. Richard Ffrench comes, and she lifts two streaming "eyes for one moment in appeal to his face. "You are all I lave—do not leave me that glance says, if he could but read it. He takes Lis place near her in silence, t>ut a silence that is full of sympathy, end that soothes her. It is good to have, Lim here—it is a comfort, a protection, something to cling to her in her great end sudden shipwreck. The funeral is to be next day, and the concourse will be unprecedented. The whole country side means to turn out in eombre force. Friends come donn from the city—no such funeral has ever taken place in SL Ann'-s. Many persons pass In and out of the room of death. Vera Is there constantly worn and -wan to a. degree. Once, as she sits at her dreary i • and solitary post, a small, common- j ooking man comes up to her, and | "kes an awkward bow. j ;k pardon, miss," he says, in ian setic, guarded undertone. 'Tm t-" stares blankly, git, miss," repeats the small man, hisper, * of the detective forcie-^ Employed by your sister—. \- deceased. Dovpi . herein k in Ibis unpleasant husi-; Id you mind telling me, miss, ce-Iooklng, lady-like young ' traight at Sane Fanshawe. j , "Him, miss, with the wipe—ask par don, the handkerchief—up to his face He's her husband, ain't he, mis?" "Yes," she says, mechanically, "it 1 Mr Fanshawe." Mr Daggitts light eyes, seem to bor two boles -through Mr Fanshawe's an atomy on the spot. "TliankJ", miss. Yes, I knowed it «Pas Not on good terms; was they, miss—bin: and the deceased party? Speak up miss, if you -please. I've tackled thi job on my own hook, and mean to se daylight." "No, not on good terms," answer Vera, still half-bewildered is to hi drift. "Hard- up, -wasn't he, miss? Kunnin after a play-actor—ask pardon for nam j-g her. They're expensive, that lotuncommon'. Deceased party—ask pardon, lady—wouldn't pay his debts Hem-m!" Mr Daggit bores another hole througl Mr Fanshawe, and passes his hand mus ingly over his mouth. "Was in Philadelphia at the time wasn't he?" "In Philadelphia." "Only saw it in the 'Herald' by chanc —rum start that, for a man! Th, Coroner's got the hair?" he says, s abruptly, that Vera stares at him one more. "Yes," she says, wonderingly. The light eyes are on Mr Dane Fan shawe's Dandreary. -whiskers, as i counting every separate hair. "Hum-ml" he .muses again. " An that tail gent, 'with the Ijroad shoulder/ and his head up, is he heir?—him, a, suspect?" "I don't know what you mean," Ver says, shrinking from him in sudden ter ror. "I don't know who you are." "Ask pardon, miss, lor troubling you Won't ask any more questions. I'n Daggit, miss, as your sister employed t look up that precious husband of hers and that singing hussy—ask pardon And I have looked him up, and I mea to keep on looking him up, and see day light, if I'm shot for it!" That .is the last of Mr Daggit. Vera sees him no more, and forgets him in moment. For the metallic case enclose the rosewood coffin—she is taking he last look at the dead face, her last kis of the dead lips, the last farewell of th sister she loves. This side of eternit; they will meet no more. "Oh, my - love! my love!" - sh cries out, wildly^ struck with, sud .den horror and panic. Some one comes at that frightened, helples cry, and puts his arms about her befor them all. and holds her. "Vera, my own love," says a voice sh knows well. "Vera, my dear, mj; dear!"" And she clings :to him and hides her face on his shoulder, quivering all over while the coffin Is screwed down, and the dead woman taken away. In these sublimated moments we. forget our selves and the world outside of us, bu never for long. He lets her go, consign ing her to the care of Harriet, who look on. tearful, but approving, and goe with the rest. And Mrs Grundy does no say much—considering she has know him so long, and been always attache* to him, and the occasion, and evervthing. And he is a splendid fellow, th ladies declare, in an irrelevant burst. Ot the whole, some of them would not rain it themselves. They lay Theodora Lightwood Fan shawe in the Charlton vault, -wher John and Hobert Charlton already lie and leave her. She is dead and burled The interest centres in Colonel Ffrench" now. Things look badly for him—ver. badly., Murmurs are rising, swelling growing louder. He is the heir, th only one to benefit by her death. H was there that night—no., one -know why, he spent it in the grounds, <iy his own showing. He and Mrs Fanshawe were not good friends—it looks badly. If he was poor man he -would not be let off scot free in this Tray; he would not be g. large with the cloud of robbery ant sudden death upon him. The rumo grows louder and more threatening, an. reaches Charlton. It reaches Harriet and Harriet carries it to Vera- The en will be that Colonel Ffrench, before a week, will lie in prison. Two days have passed since the fun eral; it is the afternoon of the third. Colonel Ffrench sits in his -oom alone at the St. Ann's HoteL No pub lie demonstration has yet been made but no one sees the gathering stora more clearly than he. He is strongl; suspected, he cannot clear himself: be fore another day a warrant may be ou for his arrest: he may be lodged in th town gaol.' The first shock is over, and he has braced himself to face his fateto meet the blow. What must be, mus be—lie is a fatalist, more or less—if i is written, it is written. Of course, h do what he can, but the prospec looks gloomy. He must resign his commission, inform his friends, putl his af- Iairs 111 order, leave Charlton Place Sn the care of the lawyers and of Vera, and fight for what is dearer to him than life —his honor. Will Vera believe him j guilty? That thought is the hardest 1 to bear of alt | It is a gusty, overcast evening, almost the last of the month. A fire burns in! the grate, the last yellow glimmer of j the frosty autumn sunshine steals in and lights his writing-table. He is bus ily writing letters, making most of th dying daylight, when there is a tap a the door. "Come in," he says, without lookin up. Some one comes in, and stands silent some of the hotel people, of course. "What is it?" he asks, without turn ing round. There is a rustle of woman's garments He turns quickly; a long, black, veiled figure stands before Mm—a ghost in crape and bombazine. But, despite the heavy crape veil, he knows her. "Vera!" he says, and rises in vast amaze. j -She throws back her veil and lay I hold of the table, as if she needed sup-' port. She is paler than be tia« ever J seen her—pale to the lips—and her eyes shrink and fall before his. j "Sit down," he says, and places a" chair; "how ill you look! You are not - fit to stand. She stands, however, and makes a 1 motion to speak. She is greatly; strongly agitated, that '».e can see. Once, twice; she essays before the words will come. "I have heard—that you are—suspect ed of—of what has been done. I hav come to say that—that I am sorry." j It is with the utmost difficulty she says tills much. Some inward feeling moves her profoundly. But his whol j face lights. j "Thank Heaven!" he says; "it is like you. You do not believe it—you wil j not „rrf believe Koliom if it. Say that!" I '1 do not—I will not—I never can." | "Thank Heaven!" he says, deeply moved. "It Is like you—It is like you I I do not cara half so much now. lam innocent, V-era; need I Bay it? When X left you I went straight to the sum-! mer-house—I.was nearer you there than, elsewhere. It was for the last tune. • and I stayed.- Believe me sadttMi | ana it will snatter.,little whp hdieves j me guilty... Men have sufferedjmausHyj iMsfore—I can bear jt ^s well as they." She makes a. -cecond effort, greaterf . . , I want to. tell you—I have come to tell - you—that if-^apause—"that if the announcement of our marriage will help you, I-will announce it - I—I will stay With you—I will be your wife." The last word is & positive gasp. - No words can tell Uae ęffort it costs "her. t -; say. this. She turns nom him as she doe -say it: and Walks euddenly to one of the windows., Itis not alone the offer Itself, hard as it is to make—it is the construction he may put upon it. As the sister of the rich Mrs Fanshawe only a week aso, she rejected with scorn and pride thfe -offer of being his wife. As the impoverished sister of the dead Mrs Fanshawe, she comes to him — the heir—and renews the offer herself. How hard she has found it to come—to say this—only Vera's proud and sensitive heart can ever know. Let him misunderstand if he will—it is all a misunderstanding, from first to last. She will make it if she dies in the effort to say the words. But he does not misunderstand, lie is unutterably touchedmoved to the very depths of his souL "What shall I say?" he - answers, brokenly. "T cannot-thank you; I have no words. It is like you—I say that again—to come te me in the darkest hour of my life, and offer me the sacrifice of yours. But I cannot accept ft The name I give you must be a clean: one, the hand I offer free from* all sus } picion of crime. I would, indeed, be a dastard if I accepted your heroism to help myself. I would not accept it if it could help me—hut It cannot.' Nothing now but the discovery of the real criminal can do that For ail ihe -World I would not have it known that-yon are my wife now—the wife'.of-a suspected' thief. No, Vera, I love you with all ipy heart—a hundredfold better in this hour than ever before. And for that very love's sake I say no. if the day eve : comes when I stand clear and free,-1' will come to you then, and"—— But she turns from the window as hastily as she has turned to it. and pulls her veil once more over her face. "Say no more!" she exclaims. "Let me go. It is so warm here — I am faint" The worts die away; but she rallies in a moment and pushes aside the hand he holds out. "I am better—Jet me go." '_ , Something in her strained, unnatural tone checks the words he would speak. He goes down with her to .'the door, j where Johnny and the phaeton wait. He helps her in, but .she seems t shrink from his touch. "Good-bye," she says. "Drive fast, Johnny; it is nearly dark." I •"Not good-bye," he answers, cheerily; ' "good night. I will see you early tomorrow. I have much to say." "Drive fast, Johnny," is her" sole reply. She shivers and draws her wrap closer about her. How dark it grows, how windy it is. how deathly chill! He stands in the doorway until she is out of sight, then slowly and thoughtfully returns to his work with a new, Klad hope stirring within him .that all his gloomy' prospects cannot darken And Vera is driven rapidly home through the gusty gloaming. and ascends to her room. How still the house is—how empty, how lonely! How empty is the whole world! Every one seems to have died with Dot—life has come to an end. It is like a tomblike the vault where they have laid her. these echoing, unoccupied rooms. Is it a sin to wish she were dead, too? What in all the weary world is there left to live for? She is tired out. her bead aches—or is it her heart? She feels numb and stricken, lost, forsaken, .and full of pain. "Oh, me! oh, me!" she says, pitifully^ and lays her folded arms down on the table, and ner face lipoń them, with a long, sobbing sigh. . " The wind cries like a banshee about the gables, the trees' rattle, strippedbleak arms; the night falls cold and starless. And still Vera lies there long after the last light has faded, her head on her arms, as if she never cared to lift it again. CHAPTER XIV.—TRACKED. It was not quite ten the following morning when Colonel Ffrench presents himself at Charlton. Harriet is the first person he encounters, and Harriet is struck by the bright eagerness of his face, the happy gladness of his smile. He is more like the Captain Dick of six years ago than she has seen him yet but for some reason the change strikes her as out of place, and she frowns it down resentfully. "Where is Miss Vera?" he asks. "Just tell her I am here. Harriet, will you, and particularly desire to see her." Harriet's brow lowers a little more, and she does not stir. He looks at her in surprise. "Is she not up?" he asks. Harriet does not answer. "Surely," he says, and comes suddenly, nearer—"surely she is not ill?" Still Miss Hart maintains a gloomy silence. I n real alarm he speaks for the third U m e : " F o r H e a v e n ' s Eaie - Harriet, what is the matter? Why don't y see Where is she?' Harriet's sealed lips slowly and grimly unclose. She may answer now—her dismal reticence has effectually banished all the buoyancy from her visitor's look and manner. "Ay." she says, "where is she?—tha^ is what I would like to know. Your wife! You've come to it at last, have you? It's time, too, after six years." "What do you mean?" "I mean that Miss Vera's goner-gone —went away this morning, at half-past six. Johnny'drove her to Uie station, and where she's: went, or "what she's goin' to do. the Lord knows—I don't." He falls back a step—the surprise, the bl0K"> literally holds him dumb, "She's left a'most all her things—her fine dresses, heaps and heaps of 'em up stairs, and took nothin' but her moorara'. All her. jewels and that she sent to the bank yesterday. One trunk's all she's fetched, and not the biggest, nuther, Yo-x needn't ask me questions—I don't know nuthin*. She's gone up to York^firstshe's friends, there, I reckon—more'n she's got here, from all I can see." Harriet shoots this Parthian, shaft the culprit, standing pale, and startled, and silent before her with a baleful siance. It fe not that she likes Captain Dick leie, but that she likes ;Miss Vera more. 'She's goin' to look for work -when she gets settled in her mind," ehe goes on; "that's all I know, if you was to -stand gtsuin' at me there-till crack o' doom. She went to -see you yes'day afternoon—if you'd cared to know, you'd orter .. asked her tb«i She'd no -mrrnev. as ynn might a-knowed tiow her sifter's gone, poor thing and you've jgot alL" I never did thinkmuch o' men folks at no time," said Harriet, bitterly- ^'and the more Isee, the less I think." With which <she%oee. Nothing more |s m be got from her, no not,., no message has been left. He hunts«pJóhnny,wiv> toniiboiaUt^MnBacea^^i^^ahas ariven Mi^^Vfesa tp the etation and eeenhercift&-thetiain,"5ierirunkcheckand her ticket Jtaken for Ifiew "3Torfc Beyond that-WiWnoihiiig to tat i 5 In a life! - Cotóiel Ffrench walked over the 10 d^nton, -every pulse beating hlgh with hope ana expectation, full of intense longing to see-'Vera aęaiiu be. •walks over the road from Charlton lull of consternation, regret, keen disappointment and. dread. "Has this refusal to accept her'ofTer, her generous sacrifice yes-, terday. given her offence? Has she again misunderstood him? Has she thought— -good heavens! can she think he does not want her? Where can she have gone? What'does she mean to do? Work' for her living? The thought is a blank ter-; ror to him. He has not the faintest Idea as to who her friends in New York may be,-or where he must look for her. Look for her, of course, he must, if he Is not arrested before he can do it. He strides over the ground full of passionate impatience and wrath with himself. What a stupid blunderer he is to have let her go as he did last evening—to have refused her noble offer in that abrupt way— the offer that it cost her so much to make! He has taken it for granted that she. would continue on at Charlton. The idea of her leaving, of her working, is an idea that has never once occurred to him. Of course she must be found and at once. It will .not be a .difficult matter to trace her in the city. He is close upon the hotel when a man— a stranger, a short, commonplace-looking pens on—steps up to him and touches his hat "Ask pardon. Colonel Ffrench, if I ain't mistaken?** • "That is my name." "Thanky. - Could.l have a few minute? private conversation with you colonel? Ife important, and I shan't keep you long." - " ;'.,.' •• •,"." •• • • r-; "My good fellow, no—not at present. I am in the deuce and all of a hurry. Come this afternoon—say at three. I cannot stop now." "Ask pardon, hut it's your own business, colonel—leastwise it's both our business at present It's about this here little job over at Chariton." .Colonel Ffrench stops and stares at him.. "Who are you?" he demands. "Detective Daggit, of New York. Down here on my own -hook, and a-purpoBe to get at the bottom of this here affair, .rve a word or two ra- particularly like to say. if so be you're as much interested In this matter as most folks-would be in your place." "Come with aie," says Colonel Ffrench; and leads the way to his room. Here he noints out 'a' chair to his visitor and seats himself squarely In front of him. "Nowi then, Detective Daggit, what is it you have to say?" "Thanky, colonel," says polite Mr Daggit, wiping- his already very dry mouth with his. hand. "First of all, there's a reward' out—filtered by you—for the apprehension of Jthe .Charlton burglar. A handsome sun5—five thousand dollars." . Colonel Ffrench nods. "Very well. I mean to earn that money, and I don't think it's goin' to be sech a tough job, nuther. Tve been employed by the late lamented party this some time back to keep an eye on her husband—a very nice gentleman, indeed, but a little wild or so about ladies and such; and wheA it came out about this here robbery, I tackled the job at once. Now. colonel, there's them as suspect you—ask pardon—but it's like folks to do it. You being next- heir and that, and if you attempt to leave this here little town, you'U be arrested—ask pardon—it ain't a pleasant thing to say, but you will." "I know it," Colonel Ffrench says, sententlously. "Then what you'd better do, colonel, is to lay by" here a bit and-wait, and hand the matter over to me. I've ferreted out gentlemen of this kidney before, and I'll do it again, or my name's not Daggit Til lay you a fifty thai I have this fellow safely .nnder.jny' thumb before .another fortnight." Colonel Ffrench looks at him keenly. "Ton suspect" he begins. "Never mind who I suspect just now. FI1 make my -suspicions sure before I name names. Just answer me a few questions first,- and then Til take myself off." He pulls out a note-book and pencil and proceeds to propound sundry questions. They have little bearing on the case in hand, so far as Colonel Ffrench can see, but he answers them. Mr Daggit is rising to go when a visitor is announced. He enters, and proves to be Daddy. Instantly Mr Dasgit's bright eyes bore two holes through him. "I've been to Shaddeck Light, Cap'n Dick,'" says he, softly, shifting from one foot to the other in his usual way. "I was here last evenin' to see you, but you was out. Somebody's been a-stopping at Shaddeck, and forgot suthin', and I fetched it right 'long to you." He produces, after much fumbling, a litle flat package, wrapped in a piece of newspaper. Detective Daggit waits and watches with keen professional interest. "Why do you bring it to me?" asks Colonel Ffrench. Dady does not know why. He shifts from foot to foot, and gapes vacantly at the ceiling. He found 'em and he brought 'em—he don't know why. They might belong -to Cap'n Dick, mebbe—nobody else gees than He found 'em yes'- day; the pieces o' paper blowed inter th* rocks, the pieter on the floor of Cap'n Dick's room. Thought they might be his'n, and so He stops. Colonel" Ffrench has uttered a sharp exclamation of surprise. "Miss Charlton!" he exclaims. He has opened the flat package, and finds a card photograph and two or three scraps of a letter. It is the photograph of a lady; it is the face of Eleanor Charlton. Detective Daggit pounces upon it, and looks at it over his shoulder. "An uncommon good- looking young woman," he says. "Ask pardon, but you know her. Colonel." "Enow her? Yes," Colonel Ffrench anfewers dreamily. Eleanor-Charlton's picture and true! He looks at it again; she has changed; the hair iś dressed differently, she looks older, graver, more care-worn, he fancies, than as he remembers her. He looks at the back; there is the photographer's name, and the place—New Orleans-Hand a date in pencil. "Why, it was only taken two months ago," he says in surprise.. He looks atlhe torn scraps of writing; they, havfr been wet, and tire blotter.- They are fragments of a letter, but contain-little that is legible. There is a name, however, -on one; "Yours ever— yours always—Ernest." "Jest step back, young man," Eays Detective ' Daggit, briskly, to Daddy; "you're a treasure, my lad, that's , what you are. Now, Colonel Ffrench—ask patdon for bothering you in this way, but I must ask a few more questions.- Tell me all you know about this here pretty young lady, - It's the due Tve wanted, as sure as Tm Daggit." (To he continued.) There is a story of an qld drunken laird who had a butlertv 120 means avers . to good liquor. The laird made a bargain with the butler that he .should only beal lowed to set drunk when the laird was sober. It fell out however, one day . that the butler was a little more, drunk than the master, and on being reprimanded, re . plied, ' It's gae an easy to mak' a bargain hut gae ill to keep: laird, because ye've never, sober, and sae Tve nae chance ; to Betfou; , Sarrey: "It's too had It happeneS Plumbum'" jprank: "What"3sappened to him xtsoti jpoorJtellaw?" , Harvey: "Too bad lie was twin;" c < 