" SQUATTER !" [BY JOHN ARTHUR BARRY, IN THE AUS- TRALIAN PASTORALISTS' REVIEW.] In the days I write of there were still squatters in Australia - men who owned their own wool and stock and pocketed the money for them. One of these was Tom Dobbins, of Bimtooke. His grandfather had originally been a bullock driver, with a turn for finance that eventually, through the medium of cattle duffing and stealing, and a butchering business, landed him on Bimtooke with a quarter million acres of Crown lands and freehold before he was forty. He was generally described as a " hard case." But tradition credited him with some redeeming points, which is more than tradition did for his successor, "Hungry" Dobbins - the father of Tom. Both of these forbears of the subject of our story were fiercely toiling, hard drinking, hard swearing, masterful men with, in the case of Dobbins pere, an added miserliness which, intensified in the son, gained for him also the unenviable epithet which had aforetime distinguished his father. Thus, "Hungry Dobbins, of Bimtooke," now nearing middle age, was not a persona grata in the district, especially with the nomads, who in short spells worked on his station for a starvation wage and rations. Nor had he ever been popular with his neighbours; and the less so since eschewing strong drinks and tobacco and swear words, he had enveloped, himself in a cloak of sanctity that amazed and puzzled those who still recollected his ante- cedents. They called him hypocrite, and suspiciously kept aloof, disregard- ing with contempt his invitations to attend the church he built on Bimtooke, and, in which he himself held services on the Sabbath for the benefit of the ever-changing hands and very hard up "travellers,'' tempted to attend, by the offer of a pint of flour, for which, however, they had, in addition, to work half an hour at the wood-pile. And no harder taskmaster than "Hungry Tom Dobbins," ever owned a station. Long before the stars were out of the sky o' mornings - both winter, and summer - the great bell clanged for breakfast - eaten by the flickering light of slush lamps in a squalid, flea-ridden humpy. But no bell ever rang for " knock off,", and woe betide the luckless man caught returning home ere the red glow in the western sky had thoroughly died away. Although Tom, unlike the former makers of Bimtooke, had never done a days work himself, he had inherited to the full their exceptional faculty for seeing that other men served him in return for as meagre a wage as possible. Also he was, in spite of his Sunday teachings, vain with the vanity of Bimtooke and its 100,000 sheep and its great mobs of cattle - the largest property in the district. Never had seamen been so scarce in Fort Waratah, and skippers of laden ships waiting to get away were at there wit's ends to get a crew. "It's no use hangin' around that there, shippin' - office," remarked Captain Cutchell, of the Star of Thibet, to the boarding-house master, Abe Isaacs, "there ain't, been a measly Roosian Finn to be had ! Darned if I can understand what's come to the brutes. Ain't there no shellbacks in this country anyway ? Green hands I mortally hates ; but the hatches is on, and I reckin I can't wait no longer. Four I wants, and four I'll have, and you'd best see and get them, soon as ever you like." "It's risky, ' Cap'en," replied Abe, with a shake of his head., " "We, ain't in 'Frisco or 'Noo Orleens now, ye knows. Owever," he continued hastily, as he saw the gloom gathering on the brow of the tall, gaunt, big-boned Nova Scotian skipper, "you've been a good customer to me, and I'll try and find somethin' as'll do for pully-hauley, anyways, an' stand kicking into the bargain. A fiver apiece, shall we say, Cap'en ?" he insinuated in a cringing tone, as he glanced up at tho other's forbidding face with canning beady, black eyes. " Ay ; c.o.d.-if they're "sound," replied the captain, after a pause. "I sail to-morrow night, remember. But remember, as well, that if you run any o' yer blasted cripples but o' the asylum, or some o', them hospittle incurables I see you carting off to the Persian Monarch last week, I'll come back and I'll wring your damned Jew's neck, if I swing for it up yonder." And as the skipper pointed to where the gaol loomed dark and gloomy on the hill overlooking the town, and the crimp caught the glance of his cold blue eyes, he shivered, and vowed to do his best, thoroughly certain that, if he didn't keep his word the "Bluenose" captain would faithfully perform his part of the contract. Once a year Dobbins followed his clip to town, and, after a brief interview with his agents, disappeared. None of the squatting caravansaries knew him, nor was he ever to be met with "on the Block," or in any of the principal streets during the month or so that his absence usually extended to. And his enemies in Centralia and the district said that, on these occa- sions, he let himself, go, and that if one could only discover his haunts they would be found nearer Lobelia- alley or Windmill-lane, and others amongst the most notorious and low-down purlieus of Waratah than in the respectable suburb, to the care of whose post-office his overseer's reports were addressed. Be this as it may; any one who knew him would have been hard put to it to, on tho evening following Captain Cutohell's conversation with the Jew crimp, recognise the owner of Bimtooke in the figure that issued from a fourth-rate lodging-house in Water-street - one of the worst slums of Waratah. Smoking a short wooden pipe ; clad in garments that gave him an air of half bushman, half sailor, with a dash of penniless vagrant thrown in, he strolled along the evil-smelling locality as if thoroughly at home with his surroundings. Presently, arriving at a public-house, so close to the shipping that the jibbooms of the sailors at the wharves below forked nearly into the backyard, he paused. From within came the sound of music and dancing ; around the door were grouped half a dozen dishevelled Mænades vociferously competing for their prizes - three seamen just paid off from a colonial coaster, and already more than half drunk. Pushing his way through the crowd with the indifference of one thoroughly accustomed to such scenes, " Hungry" Dobbins stepped inside and up to the bar, calling for rum, and taking no notice of a sharp featured Jew, who with eager eyes stood watching the group at the door. "What happened to the squatter after entering the grimy portals of the "Sailors' Fortune" remains a secret between himself and his Maker. But when he was in a fit state to again collect his thoughts he imagined himself in a bathroom at Bimtooke, with the water colder than ever he recollected it, even in the depth of winter; somebody, too, was holding his hands so firmly as to pain ; also, as he was alternately lifted up and tossed from side to side; dim suspicions of an earthquake passed athwart his mind. His head ached, too, as if it would fall to pieces. Suddenly a splash of water covered his face, and filled eyes, ears, and mouth with the bitterest brine he could have ever imagined for .the saltness of it. Decidedly there was no water even from the saltest well on Bimtooke like that ! But the shock roused him, and staggering to his knees, he peered through the gloom with fearful eyes and a mind attuned to a Future State. Then all at once he heard voices and saw a light. "Here's that other feller," said one of the voices, with rough laughter in it.- "Old'Abe must ha' made his dose pretty strong.: He's been washin' about in the lee scuppers all night. Take them irons off him, one o' you, and shove him into the fo'c'sle. ' He'll be all right after a sleep. Let's be thankful he's the only greeny in the lot." It was eight bells, in the morning watch when Dobbins - who by that time had learned what had happened to him, also the name of the ship and several other particulars of importance walked aft and demanded to see the captain. "That's me," replied a tall, hard faced man, whom he encountered at the break of the poop, and who frowned threateningly at the dilapid- ated, sodden figure, returning his looks with interest. For Dobbins' blood was up, and the spirit of the fierce old bullock driver, dormant all his life, now ran in his veins like fire, breaking through the thin veneer of religious hypocrisy, and transforming the whole man in him as perhaps no other happening could have done. "All right, then," replied the squatter, returning stare for stare undauntedly ; "and perhaps you'll tell me the meaning of this outrage, this kidnapping of a respectable man ; this — By E, —d, Sir !" he suddenly broke off; furiously, losing patience — "I'll make you pay for this trick, you and your owners! Do you know who I am, you scoundrel ? I'm Dobbins, of Bimtooke, and I've got from fifteen to twenty thousand pounds' worth of wool in this very ship ! By the Lord, you'll, find you did your worst day's work when you laid hands on me !' Then he paused, breathless, panting with rage, whilst the captain, turning to his mate, drawled deliberately - "Blast that Old. Abe ; he's done me after all ! Caught a reg'lar high-toned ravin' loonatic, and run him onto us. There, there, my poor fellow,' he continued ; 'seein' as you ain't right-minded, I'll put up, just for once; with your compliments. But take a friend's advice and keep that big mauth o'.yourn shut. Now go for'ard, and we'll try and' make you useful in some way. At the worst you'll, mebbe, do to chip iron rust.' Speechless with passion, Dobbins gazed first up at the white cloths piled in graceful volutes, rising from huge course to snowy royal, all rounding their, shapely bosoms to a brisk quarterly breeze, then outboard to where the steely waves of the South Atlantic ran empty from horizon to horizon. And as he gazed the awful immensity and lone- liness of his position came home to him with one great shock, well nigh driving him frantic in reality, so that, clenching his fists, he made a dash at the captain, who, on his guard, hit out quickly! and stopped the rush, giving the mate time to interfere with a belaying pin, and to such purpose that the hapless squatter soon lay unconscious, and in that state was dragged to his berth. 'Yes, I can't be mistook ; it's either Hungery Tom Dobbins or his bloomin' ghost,' were the first words that fell on his ears when he came to himself. Looking up his eyes met those of a sailor whose features seemed vaguely familiar. 'Thank God,' exclaimed Dobbins, 'here at least is somebody who recognises and will confirm me in my story.'' Ay' ay,' replied the man coolly, as he sat on a chest and shredded tobacco into a horny hand, 'I'm Jack the Sailor, as worked for ye at Bimtooke, sure enough.' ' And you'll speak to the captain, won't you?' asked Dobbins. 'Why; man alive, the whole of Bimtooke clip is in this accursed ship ! I told the captain, but; he wouldn't believe me. What did they steal me away for in this fashion? But it will be all right now, won't it?' continued the squatter appealingly, for his spirit was failing him, before the stupendous misfortune that had failed so suddenly into his life. 'Station gone bung.?' asked the other laconically, as he lit his pipe. 'No, no,' exclaimed Dobbins, ' don't I tell you that all the wool was shipped in this horrible vessel, on board of which I haven't the remotest notion of how I came to be.' 'Gammon,' retorted the other, with a grin, 'didn't I see you myself in the ' Sailor's Fortune,' a drinkin' an' a catryin' on top ropes, with your arm aroond a donah ? Some people would ha' been astonished," he re- marked philosophically, ' but I wasn't, knowin' what a blanky old starvation applecart ye was. Garn ! p'raps ye don't rek'lect sackin' me at a minnet's notice, 'sides cheatin' me outer five pounds over that fencin' contract?' he went on with rising indignation. 'Me speak for you to the skipper! Not much ! You never was no squatter ; only a blasted fraud. Squatters don't come knockin' around Sailors' pubs, an' drinkin' an' messin' like what I seen you do. An' look at yer togs ! Probably ye was man- agin' Bimtooke for some swell or other, an' 'bezzled his money, an' got inter trouble, an' then come' down country, when Ole Abe got hold on yer, an' hocussed yer, an' put yer on this ship, an' now yer tryin' to come the marine over the skipper. But it won't wash, my son, so the sooner ye turns to the better. Take my tip for that. Meanwhile, I don't know yer from a'bloomin' crow. An' if ye calls me as witness I'll' only make it wuss fer yer. So long ! You can 'ave a little church all to yourself till the watch comes below.' And now poor 'Squatter,' as he waa called in derision, began a strange time indeed ! He had prided himself upon the strictness and discipline of his station, he now learned what such things meant at sea. And a most bitter lesson it proved. Think what it signified to this man, in whom, perhaps of all the deadly sins that made his soul their home, pride was the chief, to be forced to jump at a word, nay, at the slightest motion of a finger, and answer humbly; and obey unquestioningly ; to perform the most menial offices, both fore and aft; to wait for his food until even the boys had finished theirs ; to be the butt and shopping-block of the ship's com- pany ! "For a time he had rebelled furiously, and been corrected piti- lessly. Then, seeing the futility of it all, he had done his best to possess his soul in patience until the day of reckoning -, should come - as come he swore it surely should. And shivering off the icebergs of Gape Horn, clad only in the scanty rags flung to him by the seamen of their charity, or sweltering nearly naked in equatorial doldrums, this assurance of revenge upon his persecutors was the man's sole comfort, but for which he would long ago have made an end of all his troubles over side. Once, however, Dobbins, had "knuckled under," no active cruelty was exercised towards him. The Star, although a very strict vessel, was not officered by the maritime swashbuck- lers of modern fiction, and on her a man who knew his work, and did it well and quickly, was safe. Seeing this, "Squatter " found it the better policy'to avoid belaying pins and heavy-toed sea boots by civil answers and incessant industry. The captain never spoke to him, and prob- ably never had the slightest doubt but that the cramp had foistered a par- tially demented ? man upon him. Meanwhile, the Star steadily made her way north about, and each night as he turned into his frowsy bed of rags and bags Dobbins hugged him- self in anticipation of what should presently happen to his enemies. London ! London ! was ever the bur- den of his thoughts. Only London and the thousands under foot that he knew were his ; and the vengeance they should help him to ! So time passed ; then on a morning, off the Western Islands, and when, as Merchant Jack put it, " the girls in Ratcliffe Highway had got hold of the tow-rope," a loud voice bawled in Dobbin's ear, and a rough hand shook him to the cry of "Rouse out, Squatter, all yer bloomin' property down below's a-blazin! " Sure enough; the Star's cargo was on fire. And for days it smouldered, and smoked, and burned until the paint dropped in great flakes off her sides and her decks struck hot through stoutest boots. Day and night they worked incessantly, pouring water through cut planks into the stinking, reeking hold, and day and nights the fire spread, until at last one morning \- even as the lead told them they were on English soil - thin, fierce jets of pale flame, shot through the charred deck's and the last hope of salvage faded. The ship was doomed; and when Dobbins realized that his revenge had been taken out of his hands, and that practically penniless and in rags, in a strange land, he was more powerless than ever, his spirit broke down altogether, and he wept and called upon God to strike. him dead where he sat in one of the long string of boats towing behind the mass of flame and smoke that still, even in her death throes, struggled pitifully towards her home. Less than a score of miles distant from Falmouth the Star went down in a huge flurry of hissing steam, and quenching flame. And as Dobbins, hopeless and weary that night at the Sailors' Home, turned into the first decent bed he had seen for months, there somehow came into his mind the words, "A broken and a contrite heart, O God, Thou wilt not despise." The words to him, once so familiar and hackneyed, seemed to comfort and soothe him ; they haunted his brain, bearing with them an altogether new meaning to his ear, and he repeated them over and over again to himself, until, falling asleep, in his dreams he saw himself once more at Bimtooke; saw himself as he had been, the stern, harsh, overbearing master, the hypocritical preacher of the Word"; the unjust steward of the parable. In the morning the effect of his dream still clung to him, and as he looked at his gnarled and rugged hands, and saw in the little square of glass his worn, lined, tanned face, and noted the silver streaks in his black hair, where none had shown before, curious thoughts came into his mind \- thoughts and emotions that bore fruit at once, as well as subsequently. Thus it happened that on "pay-day" he took the few pounds he had to draw without remark, vouchsafing no attention to the taunts of his ship- mates anent his wealth in Australian banks, his great property, his high estate in Cooksland, and the retri- bution that was to have been finally his, all matters concerning which, in his furious outbursts of pain and rage, he had freely unbosomed him- self to whosoever cared to listen. On the contrary, he kept his own counsel ; and within a week was homeward bound as second steerage steward in one of the steamers that in those days ran monthly to Australia. "Goin' to call at Bimtooke ?" asked one sundowner of another, meeting and camping in a grateful shade. " Garn !" replied the first named, "Ungary Dobbins's! Not if I know it ! That' wood-eep give me the hump last time I was there - sh'earin' afore this 'un." "You take my tip and call," said the other earnestly. " Times has changed since old Dob. came back from his Teuropean tower. You. bet ! Remember the church ?" "Ratha! 'Eard'im a-preaching in and a-talking o' salwation at ten bob a week an' find yourself. Ugh!' "That's rite," was the answer ; "but, as I sez, them days is gone. The church is turned inter a travellers' 'ut now - a reg'lar wunner ov a 'ut. Likewise, ye gits supper and brekfus' as good as some,Waratah restyrans I been in. An' no wood choppin' ; an a bit o' cooked tucker to take on the track. An' the chaps tells me as wages 'as ruz up to distrik rates, an' that there ain't a cumfabler shop to work on in all Cooksland. Make no mistake, mate ; you empty them nose- bags an'- give him a call." 