CONTEMPT OF COURT. The Sydney press has had some costly experi ences of -what may be deemed by the Supreme Court Judges to be contempt of court. The press has paid and has endeavored to look as pleasant in the circumstances as the gentlemen whose pro fessional emoluments underwent an agreeable in crease on that occasion. The experiences them selves were naturally of -very marked interest to the proprietors of the newspapers concerned, and j in . one particular instance, that which connected I itself with the legal processes which had to be i gone through before . the late Mr. Butler was hanged, public interest was aroused in a remark able degree. It is possible that this interest was caused quite as much by the celebrity of the case with which the contempt was connected as it was by the nature of the contempt. That, however, matters not. Public interest was aroused, and therefore the public may possibly take interest in a rather remarkable case of contempt of court decided a little over a month ago in London. . By a report in the London 'Evening News,' we find that before Mr. Justice Wright Mr. Carson ap peared in support of. a motion calling upon the proprietors of the 'Sunday Special' -to show, cause why they should not be committed for contempt of court in respect to the publication in that paper for January 22 of a paragraph with refer ence to the bankruptcy proceedings of Mr. Hoo ley, who, it -will be remembered, promoted public companies, showered money upon certain mem bers of the British* aristocracy, and presented a gold communion service to St. Paul's. The case arose in this way: The Official Receiver's report on Mr. Hooley's bankruptcy ' got into' the news papers, although such' publication until, the report was read was altogether unprecedented. It seemed to have been assumed that the report amounted to a judicial adjudication upon the matters. con- tained in It Snch, however, was not the case,-' as the report could be traversed when it was read in court. The 'Sunday Special,' in commenting upon the. case, stated: 'It is to be assumed that the publication of the Official Receiver's report in the Hooley bankruptcy will be followed by the appearance of Mr. Hooley in the dock.' Mr. Carson submitted to the court that by the publi cation of this paragraph a grave impropriety 'had been committed, and that the administration of justice was likely to be prejudged if such conduct were tolerated. ? The estimable Mr. Hooley repu diated all ideas of fraud. After arguments, dur ing which counsel admitted a premature but inno cent publication, and disclaimed any idea of in terfering with the course of. justice, the judge said it appeared to him that the writer of the para graph complained of had taken a mistaken view of the legal effect of the Official Receiver's report. He (the writer) was evidently under an errone ous impression with regard to the authority which the report, in fact, passessed. The report was an exparte document, and it was contrary to the practice of the court to act upon it without giv ing the bankrupt an opportunity of challenging and disproving it. He (the judge) did not think that the paragraph complained of was written with any intention of prejudging the case, or of embarrassing Mr. Hooley. In nis (the judge's) opinion it would be -wrong for the court to exer cise its extraordinary power of committal for con tempt of court -with reference to the publica tion of a paragraph -which had in all probability been written under a misapprehension. But the respondents should have acted with more caution, and ought to pay the costs of the motion. , It seemed, however, that by the motion the commit tal of certain companies, proprietors and printers of the 'Sunday Special,' was asked for, and as such an order could not possibly have hpen made, he theught the proper course was simpfy to refuse the motion, without costs on either side. Now without any desire to institute 'odious compari sons,' we would like to place the above ruling of Mr. Wright side by side -with the decision of the New South Wales Supreme Court -when the me tropolitan newspapers, in pardonable ignorance of 'the fact that the late Mr. Butler, wholesale murderer, had been committed for trial, publish ed paragraphs which -only had technically consti tuted contempt, because the committal had taken place. Otherwise it -was admitted there could have been no contempt, and it was also admitted that the committal had taken place in camera. As in Mr. Hooley's case, there had been no inten tion on the part of the newspapers to prejudice the course of justice. The worst, it may be noted, that the English judge would have done but for a technical point would have be^i to have made the offending paper pay costs, and he would not have supplemented this by a heavy fine, as in Sydney. A paragraph, in our English mail news tele graphed from Albany yesterday said that it was stated in London that a limited liability com pacy was being formed to purchase the Lyceum Theatre and all properties. The capital was set down at .£200,000 and Sir Henry Irving was to take no part in the promotion or the management of the com pany. A rumor to the same effect as the state ment mentioned has been ' in the air *' in London for some time past. The ''Pall Mall Gazette ' of January 26 mentioned it, and gave the_ substance of an interview which its representative had with one who was in a position to speak authoritatively on the subject. This gen tleman said that the capital or the proposed company had not been fixed nor tha scope of the intended enterprise, xne waoie niaroer m laci was then in embryo. The contemplated arrange ment was in two parts. One scheme had refer ence to the purchase of the freehold of the theatre and the other was an agreement with Sir Henry Irving as to the property and acting rights. It' one could be carried out without the other, then the capital required would be very much less than if both were combined. Sir Henry Irving was to keeb his position on the stage. If he were to become 'managing director, that would involve his' retirement irom the stage, unless it were specially provided for otherwise in the articles of agreement. From the telegrams published by us yesterday it would now appear as if what may be called the combined programme in reference to the purchase of the theatre was to be carried out. Some light may be thrown on the motives for the whole transaction by Sir Henry's recent illness, which may be a predisposing cause for retirement from having responsibilities out rious, too, that his latest new productions have not been successful, which meant a great expenditure with small return. At the time the latest mail to h&nd; left London, however, it was announced that he and Miss Ellen Terry would appear at the Lyceum again in April. Every lover of the drama will wish the great actor welL But everjone who has been connected with the dramatic profession directly or indirectly will remember how ' unlucky ' changes in the proprietary or conduct of a theatre often are, though they have fre quently to be . made in order to etop if possible a persistent career of ill luck. Players are notoriously superstitious. The gbost of Augustus Druriolanus is believed to walk in Drury Lane Theatre, where. tbankB to hiai, ' the ghost walked ' so many years. The stories of stage belief in the chances of good or bad fortune are innumerable. It i6 to be hoped that the changes, or the reported changes, in the Lyceum, London, do not forebode ill. ' Blood money,' as the term goes, seemB to be a sort of thing that excites popular odium in every part of the globe. Just at present there is considerable trouble in Melbourne over the recipients of the reward for what has become infamous as 'Th6 Boot Trunk Tragedy.' One lady, who, in consequence of the Baying of a learned judge, has been rendered rather familiar to newspaper readers in connection with a certain scriptural personage, has put in a claim. X ' gentleman,' name unknown, has also put in a claim, and now, the mother of the poor victim and two boys who feond the body, or the box containing it cotne cp with claims. 1 he peculiar manner of pleas in these noted criminal affairs is more lhan remarkable. A man gees out in the e treat, and etop3 to light his pipe, during which time he becomes the involuntary witness of a tragedy. As time goes on he becomes confident that tbat time was so precious to him that he is entitled to be rewarded at the rate of a millionaire's income, «o he puts in a claim and considers himself an injured individual if he does not get it. But in this instance the claims are of such a sordid naturs that one does not recent the general feeling againet the taking of 'blood money.' Sometimes it can be carried to an extreme. Perhaps of all men who have earned Australia an unenviable reputation in the matter of bushrangiag, Morgan was the most despicable ruffian. But in spite of that, the man who shot him had to leave the district, simply from his taking a portion of the reward long offered, and quits deserved by his action. Taken in conjunction with other items of news, the long retention of Prince Henry of Prussia on the Chinese coast — where, by the way, his pre sence has caused one of those unfortunate ques tions ot precedence which Eeem inevitable — it looks very much as though the suggestion of the London 'Times' was a preconceived notion amongst the Powers, and that China was going ,to be administrated after the style of i£gypt. This theory may seem slightly advanced, bat the squabbles — which have 1 «1 to nothing— seem to show that the Pow r- ..re in agreement as to dealing with ' Chin j , .. u.i the additional claim of Italy to be recognised, intimate that a sudden surprise will be sprang upon the world. As far as the Emperor is concerned he ie a gentleman who does not seem to mind for anything bat peace and quiet; but how about the Dowager Empress? The Eusaian, German, British, &c.;, &c;, would require to attend in person fully armed to announce to that great she-dragoa that the Empire was going to be 'administered.' Happy term ! 