AMUSEMENTS. " EVERYDAY LONDON " was played by Mr. Alfred Dampier at the Theatre lnät night to a good house. Aa on the opening night, the principals did thoroughly good work. To-night Mr. Dampier will give a onc-night Çreduction of the immortal tragedy " Hamlet." n the many ami varions characters which Mr. Dampier has from time to time pour trayed he has given proof of hiB exceptional and versatile dramatic powers ; but above nil stands his scholarly interpretation of thc difficult jólo of tho melancholy Dane. He will be supported by Miss Koçe Dnmpler as Ophelia, Miss Katherine Russell ns tho Queen, Mr. A. Rolfe as Laertes, Mr. Edmund Hollo- way as thc Ghost, Mr. George Huller ns thc First Gravedigger, and tho full strength of the company. Thc box plan is now open nt Gold's. To-morrow night nnd Monday will bc produced a dramatised version of "For tho Term of his Natural Life." In the teams rifle match, Mines v. Town to be fired to-morrow afternoon, thc follow- ing will represent the Minos :-Harper, Beck, Lindsay, Bmlth, G. Pitcairn. J. G. Williams, Deering, J. H. Williams, Wulilie, J. Pitcnlrn. It will bo difficult to get so many average shots on thc Town side, but an effort will bc made to balance thc tennis na far ns possible by reducing the number of competitors. Slr. 8mith will givo a trophy to thc highest scorer in the Mines team. New boots, Bhoes, nnd slippers at Hart's. On Saturday Inst (the M. ITeratd says) Corporal M'Callcy finished his 12th shooting for thc quarter ending March 51. including club and match shooting, nnd his aggregate sore for 10 out of the 10 shoots of fi 13 points is a remarkable one, and understood to bs a record. The scores were compiled ns follow: -G3, GI, 64, G3, G6, 61, G5, 07, CG, GI, giving the tall average of 61 3 ncr shooting out of a possible 70. Corporal M'Callcy first started rifle shooting with the Alexandrin Civilian Rifle Club in 1802, of which bc is still a member, and also of the Army Medical Corps, in the rifle club of which he is a leading Bpirit. He is very consistent, ns the nbove scores denote. Fnrther proofs of con-istency are evidenced by the fact that during thc years 1807 and 180S he was runnenup In the Queen's Prize at both meetings of the National Rifle Association, being unfortunate enough to miss the championship by one point only. New boots', shoes,and slippers nt Hart's.* Cement at Prest and Hocking's.* Eggs i JCggs I Eggs I-Preserve your meat fish, poultry, game, batter, and eggs with Iccaline. An infallible preservative. Harm- less, tasteless and odorless.* 