Lkttjcb from Aunt Eilt. My Dear Children— I am almost afraid to address you at all at such a season of hard work with examination and Bthool displays, and perhaps you will think it tantalising of me to choose a time when you are all particularly busy to speak of story bookB. However, it happens that I have been looking into a number of children's story books lately, and as I trust a great many of you will be the happy possessors of some charming books in the shape of gifts or prizes before the year is omt, you may be interested in a little preliminary chat about this plea sure in store. Of what kind, then, are the story books you like? Do you like- to have your little hearts made to bleed over sad accounts of sad, lonely little lives, or of more wholesomle land whole hearted, brave little men and women, who had nil manner of hair-breadth escapes from every kind of mishap and danger, and who in the end came 'out smiling, as, of course, they ought to; or do you love the yarns of fun and jollification and all the pranks and escapades of high- spirited—and perhaps mischievous—boys and girls, or do your tastes run in the ghostly line, something •creepy and blood-curdling? But, no, I fancy the taste for ghost stories is going out of fashion. Like the little boy who was threatened, by a stranger with the policeman. "Paw,' he says, "that's only father." I dare say some of you would walk up to some of the ghosts about and say, "pooh, that's only a broom stick and a white sheet." Young Australians being such practi cal ana matter-of-fact little beings, < it would hardly be supposed they were es pecially fond of poetry. Yet, in my ex perience of them, such is the case, and where the prose story will be soon fo'r fotten, the poem will be borne in mind, and stored in the memory. I do not know if my nephews and nieces have read much poetry, but; that they can appreciate a poem I've had ample proof in many past competitions. I am not going to give you, at present, a list of "best books," but I cannot refrain in passing to mention some excellent books of poetry for children. Perhaps one of the most delightful is the late Bobert Louis Stevenson's "Garden of Verses." It is a difficult thing to write poems for your little heads and hearts, but this gentle singer seems to have succeeded, as I feel sure you will admit when you come to read them. Then there are Mr. Andrew Lang's set of poetrv books, verses founded on facts: a style which will probabl- commend itself to some practical-minded ones. Again, tnere are cmidren who are so terribly prosaic that they cannot tolerate either prose or poetry which is merely the bright weaving of fancy. The good old fairy stories are voted silly. "Is it true?" is the question that is asked by some children, and if the answer should be "No," no power on earth could coax them to read it. "How did you like your new story book," asked the principal of one of our Adelaide col leges. "I did not see the good of read ing it, if it waB only something made up," answered young hard-head. Now, in the good old times nothing delighted children more than make be lieve. Perhaps the reason of this may have, been that the other kind of books written for the young were so very dull and dreary, and, dear, dear, so fearfully correct and proper and instructive. "Prunes and prism" from cover to cover. It is in this direction that the change is most remarkable, and now-a-days the grown-ups have learned the art of writing a story that is both good and enjoyable. Because it is perfectly possible to be good little children without being dismal. Our good friend, Father Finn, S.J., can tell you something about that, and as a result, his name is a household word in this colony. When shall we have an Australian writer to do for us what Father Finn has done for America. I am sorry I have no author in my mind who stands out so distinctly as a writer for girls. Two of the best girls' books I have lately read are "Carmen's Secret" and "Three Daughters of the United Kingdom." These two have escaped altogether the too frequent namby pambyism of girls' books. It is a mistake to make out girls either wishy-washy or wicked, and hoys either mollv-coddles or monsters." In real life the bravest, and best men are as "gentle as a woman." Take notice, girls, and mind you be faithful to this tradition, "As gentle as a woman." And added to the sweetness and gentleness ofgirlhood there should be'in every time girl at least the strain of a nan's strength. Tou remember in that ' lovely poem, "Mary Queen , of Soots," how even that gentle and gracious lady, when occasion called for it, could say": "Now for my father's arm," she said, "My woman's heart,sfarewell.". But there, dears,, gtory books is4 a big subject, and one which is likely to lead one too far, for, I must confess that I have riot yet outgrown a "strong weak ness" for a good story. While I w.ould . encourage the reading of story books, I would have you' read only the best, get to know the good authors, and be satis fied with no .second-rate article. Life is short enough even when you have it all before you, and time spent in rea sonable enjoyment is time well-spent, but the reading of worthless books is never excusable. Let me hope, then, to hear some ac count of the books that may fall to your share between this and the end of- the year, and let me learn, from the lips (or pens) of young Australians themselves, what they realty do like. That I may not forget later on, I' wish to again state that all the "Sick Boom" books have been distributed, and unless you wish to devote donations to the same purpose again, I am not likely to have any. Subscriptions have been passed on to the little orphans as de sired. I am glad to be able to say that new members seems to be the order of the day. 1 have been asked at what age may associates join. Any age froin 18\. Have we not got grandpa's and grandma's in our club, and grave and reverend seigneurs. Any age will do for an associate, and at present I would be very pleased to enroll a few good members. Niece Buby Crilchley has written a very good letter. I should say you were in good hands if your teacher's name counts. I am glad you choose a descrip tion of your neighborhood, and that you seem to love it. I am sorry I cannot send you the book. Nephew Tom Desmond to the fore again. Many thanks for your generous donation. Nephew Gordon Boberts will also have to be disappointed in the "Sick-Boom" book. I am sorry you did not apply earlier. I will bear your kind mother in mind if I should be having any more. Many thanks for donation. Mind you wear your badge. Niece. Catherine Glenoe tells me about her examination; Why is that wonder ful "Pat," aged seven, not a member of our club? You may kiss that Eileen Nora, three weeks old, for me. We love the little babes because of their little pure white souls, just come from God, and because they are so frail' and helpless and have to trust to our love for everything. New Niece Maud Munro is welcome on her own account, but doubly welcome as a friend of Nieces Flossie and Katie. I hope you like your new badge. Niece Marv Neylan will have to go without the little "Sick-Room" book for reasons already given. I like your description of Sundays. Beautiful day of rest! We may well spend it in refresh ing both our souls and bodies for the week. New Niece Elizabeth Annie Rigney writes a very good, sensible letter. If you are only as good a niece as your brother is a nephew, I will be satisfied. Thanks for donation. Nephew 218 returns thanks for prize. I am glad to hear you like it. It was well earned. And now, dears, to conclude, I am on the look-out for good letters and good donations, as Christmas is coming. If you have not the donations as you would wish, then the letters by themselves will bo welcome. I will give you a spell about mottoes until the New Year. With lcve, Aunt Eily. Aunt Eily acknowledges:—Niece Julia Elizabeth Hegarty, Thebarton, 6d; Niece Euby D. Hill, Parkville, 1/2. The Christian, priest true to the trust that Heaven has given him, and faithful in its discharge to poor, weak, fallen man, is the noblest specimen of humanity that walks the earth. Praise does not render him haughty, nor blame make him dejected. The greater the confidence placed in him, the weightier he feels his obligations. The more heartrending the sorrow he meets, the greater the sympathy he extends. The more dangerous and contagious the disease, the sooner and the more constant by the bedside, the more degraded the criminal, the more degraded the criminal the greater is his mercy, and by that inner light of that Divine grace, as he sees in every man a soul for whom Christ died, so he becomes a brother for whom Christ's vicar must make sacri fices. 