LATEST FIOM THE TRANS- VAAL Hy tlio mails of tuc Oiiiiuz delivered in Sydney on the 7Lli wo are in receipt of files of English newspapers to iJictitli of October, from which thc subjoined interesting state- ments and coinmenls upon1 thc Transvaal trouble are extracted : INTERVIEW W1T1I PRESIDENT KRUGER. The. i>cco!id edition of "The, Times" on thc 2S!Ji of (September contained an inter- view wliUdt its special eiirresjiondent 'had witlh "President Kruger ot Pretoria. .-'(Mr. Kruger dod. ires that he had jeoe|rlcd, Mr. ('hiiiiilicrlain's own oller of a commun iu c|iiiry, lina Mr. L'liaiiiiberlain delilierately broli'e thc thread of the negotiations. Troops were, massed on all sidos, ami war wa-s forced upon him. Jt was impossible to have .acceded to thc despatch of the 12U>. iSucli n «-:iuiw would have given the laud and tho people into the 'hands of strangers. As it was, his «even years' proposal would, according lo the Ficid Cornets' books, en- franchise .iO.dtlll persons-moro than thc whole of the old 'burghers-yet not one had conto forward lo take it. He wished indignantly to deny air. Chani'liei'lain's change that he had broken a promis- made during tile discussion pro iveding t;hc Pretoria Convention of 1S81, tli.it iie would treat the new ilnuuigrants on an cqr. ility with the old burghers, He WAA ai'ways ready to treat them so. They always infused. \ In conclusion, thc correspondent asked if there was still a possibility of peace. "No," 'he icpJie.1. Then, after à pause-". Unless thc other side do something to make'peace possible." mm I NT ATUÁTIOiN. Besides the interview with President lunger, obtained 'by ita Pretoria correspon- dent, the following passage irom a telegram pent by thc Capetown correspondent of " The Times " is .particularly interest- ing : 1 have accumulated evidence-not mere street talk-of a liona-fide ibelief Uirough out the Dutch jiopulation of South Africa that the liocis tan beat England. A pro- minent Fret! Stater says : " We aro sorry for your soldiers. Our burghers will walk over thean like sheep walking over the veld." (Another Free Slater told mc to-day, " You may haivc an even chance with us if you send j 00,000 men, not less." A Dutch lady in thc south-west of the colony writes to a friend, " When Paul Kruger Oías beaten thc English and taken thc colony, I wonder will he conquer Eng- land also ?" lt is, adds the correspondent, thc exist- ence of Lhii« temper which moke those liere who know thc conditions of Jife In the Transvaal, and now for thc first time in the Free (State also, (believe that the time ia past when n nominal acceptance of the lUritish terms will avail for Elfish people to Jive in pence in iSouuh Africa. TH1E ROERS IN THE FIELD. In a capital "telegram in the "London Daily Telegraph," Mr. Bennett Burleigh, the wai' coiTospondent representing thai journal in Natal, describes the outfit, ap- pearance and temper of tihe Boera in- the Held :-" Practically the whole population of the Transvaal has been «oiled to arms, und every man is mounted. The Boers have commandeered clothing, iood, equip- ment, and KO forth, and thc result is a strangely armed and dressed multitude, a huge guerilla mob of 20,000 men or there- about*. Most of them wear their ordinary parti, and carry Mauser rifles, belts, bando- liers, and 'bags, with from 100 to 300 cart- ridges. Some of them have filed the tips of thc bullets, and it is said that they have a few Dum-Dums. It is declared that their Kennan cartridge cases, which ame defective and jam and burst the lilies, ihave «H been recalled, and fresh ammunition;'.' made in America, is being substituted.* Thousands of burgher*, including the volunteers from .¡olianncíburg, arc wearing khakce, pug- garees, ic, and they are so attired thal it is difficult to distinguish them from Tommy Atkins and thc colonial volun- teers." (Mr. Hurleigh, however, came away from thc comp with the impression that a month's hard campaign " would simply bankrupt a temblé percentage of their men and horses." TEN THOUSAND .HOERS AT LAINCS NEK. The London " Morning Pout " correspon- dent nt Piclcrmaiiitzburg telegraphed on thc 2!>th of ¿feptcmlber that a Boer force of 10.0U0 men .had assembled in the vicinity of lying's Nek, and that 7000 Free Suiters were already on the border. This state- ment, says tine " Westminster Gazette," makes it especially interesting in view of the opinions expressed by Mr. J. B. Robin- son in the "Daily News'." ..Th« ilfcws win first seize LningVNek," he said. " 1 cannot understand tue apathy of the liri tish authorities which ha« al- lowed this vitally important place io be open. 1 hear by thc Jätest reports that'the British forces are at Glencoe, a mere kopje, lt is allKurd. What our troops ought to do is ¡hold Laing's Nek. 'It «ill have to be taken ; and it is a post that will be most uilliouil to capture. PRESI'DBNT KRUGER'S " GOD-SPBED." Dalzell'* representative tit Pretoria sends the following message :-"A .contingentof SOO mon, comprising rome of the leading residents of this city, and consisting almost exclusively of colonial-born Afrikanders, has left for the front at the Natal .bonder. " Thc contingent wan .personally addressed before its departure by ^'resident Kruger, who appealed to its patriotism and wished it 'Cod-spend.' " NINE BOER GENERALS IN THE FIELD. The same correspondent says :-" General Tan Kock, n member of the Executive, com- mands thc forces nt thc Natal border; Gene- ral Cronje has charge on thc south-western border, General Schälk Burgher on thc eas- tern frontier, and General Malan at Rusten burg. Altogether lhere will be nine gene- rals in command of columns." HOERS, FREE STATERS, AND BASUTOS. The same correspondent stales :-" A complete plan of campaign has been ar- ranged with the liYce State. It is stated Hint assurances have been received from thc Basutoland chiefs that they will remain iieiitrnl in the case of war, but this state- ment is regarded willi much suspicion. A rigorous censorship is being cxeieined over all thc press telegrams." THE BOER HEAVY ARTILLERY. The London "Times" correspondent nt .Johannesburg soys thnt: e. rommkjible fear lure of the artillery section which lins left for the Natal border is the number of guns of large calibre taken. THE RATTLE OF LAING'S NEK. DESCHIHED BY A BOER. Mr. -1. B. Robinson, n South Afrikánder who landed in London on- the itll.h of Sep- tember, nnd with whom an interview is pull lislied in the London " Daily News." relates that be bus heard ninny of the old Hoer war viors describe the buttle of Laings Nek. " The red jackets left their white tents in the morning about nine or ten. ¡iflcr they lind had their breakfast, mid formed np," they say. "Their red couts could he seen by everyone, mid their bayonets glittered in the sunshine. Thc surveyors went and measured out spot« where they had lo stand in lines ; and then they fomiod up, every mun. straight. The adjutant came and cocked Iiis eye down along the ranks to soc no one waa an incl» behind the others. I They numbered. Ho asked them if they felt comfortable and had had n good break- fast, and when they »aid, ' Ye» ' the Colonel rode up. Thc Colonel was on a fine horse, and had a beautiful saliretach. ' Men,' he said, ' you sec those rocks ? Thc enemy ure behind them. You nie to go mid drive them out.' Then thc men put their helmets on their bayonets and wu red them and cheered. They inarched up in row». All thin lime we were sitting quietly, smoking, langhin;:, and joking loudlier. A« they gut near me eoiiiúiar.(luiil called out: 'Defend yourselves, mon.' Then we put out gun muzzles from behind n shelter of rocks, took aim, picked out thc ollioei-s, and fired. Soon Ibero cunio a rattle and lead puttered all round, but it all went over our heads, for we were shel- tered. Wc just picked off all thc leaders ns Ihov came up." " In .short, under the old plan of fighting, j Hie Hoer* run no risk whatever,'' Mr. Rob- inson continued. " They used greatly to admire the bravery of the English officers. . They were brave men. too bravo tor tili* world,' they would say, 'und so in a few minutes wo made them angels, and sent I beni nil to heaven. They would go on dnnriiig mound our men when «ll mound them were falling. We did not like shoot- ing them, but wo had to. To UR such bra- very is marvellous : we cannot understand it. ;' but it is not war. Wc fight to destroy our enemies, and while we ure doing so wc take good care they do not destroy us.'1 OCCUPATION Ol' LAING'S NEK. Considerable excitement was manifested in olliiinl circles on Thursday, the 4th of October, says the Exchange Telegraph Com- pany, as soon as the news of the oeeiipation of LaingV Nek by the Hoers became known. The action «rf thc Transvaal Government in invading lliitisli territory is generally cou siiu iei! :o have destroyed any hope there might have been of a peaceful issue of thc dispute. No official information is at pre- sent forthcoming as to whether this aggres- sive step has been taken by the Transvnni liovcnitm-iit after having warned her Ma- jesty "s Government that the advance of Bri ish* troops towards the border would bc con- sidered an act of war, or whether, without notice, the Transvaal forces hove crossed the liordcr. At the offices of thc Agent-General for Natal thc news was received with little un- prise, but they were without any official Kinfirmation of the report. An Exchange Telegraph Company's re- presentative saw in London Sir Walter ['eure, K.C.M.G.. the Agent-General for Xatnl, whose decided views upon the South Alncan question are well known in Eng and. Sir Walter Pence apparently had no loutit as to thc accuracy of thc report of he oeeiipation of Laing'* Nek hy the Boers. Iiut he was not disposed to make a state- ment on the suhjoet, as lie felt tiiai lie could do no good by adoptinji such a eon rsc. la referring to thc action of the rr.insrfl.il Government in taking the i-e |K>rte<i step, Sir Walter remarked. " I never thoup/it the il)o?rs would he such fools." If tho Roers establish themselves at Icing's Nek they practically cnmiiiujid the iv.liolc of that side of Natal. If 'Laius's Sek cannot be taken by thc British forces mir troops will haue to make a wide deloui by way of Wakkcrstroom, and attack the Hoers in the reír. CONTUSION ON THE RAILWAY. Thc Capetown correspondent of flic Lon. don "Daily Mail" telegraphed on the Isl of October :-Two Bocis have 'been kiHcxl at Volksjust whilst practicing shooting while another has lost his life while cn ijagcd in shunting operations. The ruilwaj odraals arc utterly unable .to niumge th*< traflic. One train containing a liam com mandu was no less than six hundred yard: long. Horses are .being sent off in micki without food or water, and ono of tin trains took thirty-six horns to cover tin distance between Johannesburg and tin border. ARM El) BOERS ARRESTED. .Several Boei-s have been arrested ii Natal, says tho " Daily iXlail." for ridinj into tlie oountry armed, and being unab! to give a proper explanation of thci action. BOER BOASTING-" MEET YOU SOO! ?TS DURBAN." The (min which arrived in Newcastle o the 2nd of October ¡9 believed to be th last which the Hoer Government will alice to piss into Natal. The remarks of the Bod m the last train travelled from sta.tio to station on its way to the Irorilcr wen says thc corespondent ul the " .liomin Post," mii'L threatening. One burgher «j claimed, " Here'* a twin full of Rooinek W'hy nut shoot them r" Another liol sh«ntej, " Meet you soon in Durban. There were «Iso many shout« of " Frai eliiso ! We'll give you franchise !" accou panied by howls and execra.tions. As thc commandoes moved across tl void thc Hoers practised thooting at an hills and other objects. From .what I sa of the shooting it appeared to be anvtíiii but good. " TO SWEEP THE ENGLISH INTO TH SEA." The ?special correspondent of the Lond< '. Slandaml," lately at Johannesburg, )i, been compelled lo 'leave tluit city, and now sit Newcastle. In a telegram dali the 3t)tJi of September he Bays:-"Pro snell information aa I have been able obtain, lhere are undoubtedly at lea 20,0U0 armed Hoers, well supplied wii hoixcs. ccJIecled tit different point* on ti Transvaal bonier, and jiiorc cs|ieeially tho direction of Natal. They analke i secret, and. indeed, boast of their intcntii of marching into Natal on Wednesday ne and sweeping the whole of tiie.'Engush in the «ca. It certainJy looks at if Nal would he invaded in force. "The country between Newcastle rt) Umirlcstown-ia distance of thirty-six mi! -seems entirely deserted by white 7iien, < ecpt for a few officials. The nearest .troc are at Glencoe Junction, thirty-seven mi south of Newcastle. Icing's Nek lias ii liecn occupied, and Newcastle itself mi bc in danger of rapture by a Boer raid." THE HOERS' FOREIGN LEGION. " A corps of Germans aibout 200 strm who ¡have offered their services .to t Transvaal, say* Hie " London Standar, have received orders to leave Johannes!» for Hie front. Thc Irish corps expect go early in Octolier. Thc Germans e under Die. command of " Count Zeppo while thc Irishmen arc 'led foy an Irl. American named Blake." CRONJE IXWTLVn A NATIVE OH I TO REBELLION. A Mafeking tdofrram announces tl Cnnmaihlani Cronje, commanding Transvaal Bnnlev lVlice. crossed tile bnr and visile;! Hie chief of .Haralonga. nareiitly with the rfliject of ineitini! Ililli fi'.nlil. Thc Civil Com missioner, liown ordered (lie chief to stay and protect women ind children, «nd told bimi he co not lin allowed to ii^ht. .\ Kimberley despalch rcmorls that mtrol guarding the IniiuVe .it Voiiri Streams lias heen eoiisiderablv <iii<riiienl and that sandbags are u-e.l is furl rf lions. Kinflirrlcv is considered -Me fi att'iiek. THU OAU.IKG OUT OE THE RE- SERVES. Con->iilei-.i!ile misnpnichensinn seems ex.isl. *;iys ('.he .'?St. .Tailless Gazette." only amollir the general public, but : emane writers for thc daily press, as to nrdeedure which is a necessary prelimin to callina oui the reserve* 'for service v the wiloiirs. The tanny reserve, as it present exists, consists of four secli. dif-iingiiiphed as A, B, C, and D secti Section A is really a small special reserve of ¿OOO men only. iPltcse aro nil in their fi r»l year of reserve service, and aire avail- able to brine; small expeditions up to war strength without a general culling up of re- serves. For thus undertaking to lie ready to re join for service during their first twelve months of liberty these men receive Od. n dav in addition to their reserve pay, or al- together ls. per day. Hut this body of 5(WQ me» is » very small fraction of tho wlmto reserve, which numbers S2.ÜIHI men. The great proportion nf these hclong to se.-ttims lt ami C. anil before they cnn bc called out a more elaborate procedure hos lo lie gone through. Under the Reserve Forces Act. 18S2 ts. 12), the reserves can bc called upon to rejoin the colours by " proclamation '' in case of imminent national diniïer añd of great emergency. The Cabinet »mst therefor'.', in the first place, decide whether a situation has arisen which may be termed one of iiii'iiinenl na- tional danger mid of great emergency ; nnd they will also at the same time, divide whe- ther the circumstances aro such as to de- mand the calling out of the whole of the re- serves or only of n part. Such a decision by the Cabinet would bc nt once notified lo tl c War OHice. and the IVrmnnen'. Cudi r-Se - retary of War would despatcij a letter, with thc necessary proclamations aUtiehe-1. to tho Clerk of the Privy Council. Her Majesty in Council is then authorised l<y thc lîc'-erv'e Forces Ail to order by pru .-tarnation the anny reserve to lie called mr. for permanent service, the occasion being first commmiirii ted to Parliament, if sitting, or declared in Council if Parliament is not sitting, t 11ARAOTF1! SKKTCIIKS OI" SOMF. OF Tin-: i;m:n I.KADKRS. Mr. U'cky's appro -int ion of President Klu- ger, at thc opening meeting of the Colicué. Historical Society in tho University.nf Dub- lin, three years ago, is, says thc "St. James's Gazette," of interest nt tile present moment. iie said of the President of thc Transvaal Republic :-" I cnn speak of bim willi some personal knowledge. Ile has been more than once in my house, and I linc.» come in contact with several men r.he have known him well. In many respects be resembles strikingly the stern Puritan warrior of tho Commonwealth-a strong, -nibbom man, with indomitable courage and resolution, with very little tinge of cultivation, but with n mic natural shrewdness io judging n.en and events he impresses nil who come in contact with him with the extraordinary forte of his nnlîire. He is the. father cf no less than seventeen ehildici. He lic'ongs lo a sect called the Hoppers, whi' ii is de- rived from n Dutch word for nu extin- guisher, because tiley are desirous of ex- tinguishing nil novelties since the. ">ynot! nf Doip. Ardently religious, he is mid to be- lieve cs strongly ns Wesley in a dirc.t per- sonal inspiration guiding him ir his nets. Kc is n great bunter of thc mos! savage wild beasts. One finger is wanting on one of his hands : it was broken in a hunt inn expedi- tion, and it is a characteristic trait that be then «nd lhere amputated it himself. In a seuii-rcgnl position, mid with cen more ihm regal power, he lives the lifj of a pea- sant, and although, I believe, an essentially just, wise, and strong man. he has all his countrymen* dread of an immigration of un nlien clement, mid nil their dislike nnd suspicion of an industrial lind mining com- munity." Of the pressure of family influence in pub- lic life there is far too much, su'vs a corre- spondent of the " Pall Mall Gazette." The President, in particular, bas been a most unblushing practitioner of nepotism. nis relations fill ninny of thc most important posts, Pict Grobler, a grandson, a ninn nf sqhie energy but of no real education, occu- pies thc important post of Under-Secretary of State, and exercises no small influence in high polities. Another grandoon. Pict Kru- ger, was appointed over t he heads of many senior men to thc pince of Master of the High Court, though pr shewed of no lcral training or oxperionc '.batever. One of Kruger's youngest ff. notorious "was- trel," «Iso destitute f e Ideation mid official experience, is in control or tho Sorrel Ser- vice Fund, which hs? \> -.nie ne -mimi at least amounted to .-CIS'1.OOO in a s n :le year. Another grandson. Hans .'.'elnn, is Chief In- spector of Roads, nnd yet another is in com- mand of the fort at Johannesburg. Thc husband of one of his granddaughters is As- sistant State Attorney. The list might be greatly extended if notice were tn ken of re- moter family connection». The " Doily Moil " adds some character i-kctchcs of ¿lie chief lïocr leaders. Of General Pict Joutbert it says : » " Ixing !i-c.idcd. shrewd, cold, j nd calculating, he is ailso fay no means -,t typica! lio?r. He has paid, two or three visits ta linlgland, and perhaps is one ,of thc three or four in t!ie :nncr Government circles in Pictoria who realises iw.hat war willi England would mean. Still, be in no way lacks physical courage ; lie h.is shown that time and again. He is essentially a time-server, a trimmer, a sittcr-on-the-iencc. When he contested thc Presidential election against Kruger no one took Iiis candidature very sciiousiy : he was to KO obviously put up as a vote-splitter to ensure Kruger's return. His religions tenets arc not dbtnisive, and he ha? never been found out in any very Iud finanei.il trjiisactions. As n general in the field he is cool and clever, and a thoroughly expert exponent of Hoer fight- ing tactic*, which are mainly of the ' sniping ' order. He. bas now gone to the Natal border at Volksrust : bbc next, best Hoer commander, <!ronje. of Doornkop ftiue. lieing on the Marico frontier, towards Mafeking." Commandant Jaubert'* adjutant-general it a German named Adolph Sollie). Sonic ?thirty years ago, says the " Daily Graphic," Herr Schiel, then a youth of.ilbout twenty, was a lieutenant of Prussian hussans. He omited the Gemían service to emigrate to South Africa, arriving in the land of gold and diamonds without a |>enny. He first found employment with a German colonist in Natal as a transport, rider, and in thi.< capacity .travelled over the liol ter part of South Africa. He then married a dniighlcT of n German mission .try. and entered the Transvaal 'State service'. Tito Government sent him -"-a a mission to Hie Zulu.chief Dinizulu, whose chief Induroi and coun- cillor he 'became. This was the period of Hoer intrigues to evade the frontier limita- tions of the Ijondon Convention. Actina under instructions from Pretoria, Schiel jK- rsiinded Diniznln to i-rnd him on a mis- sion to Herlin. where he vainly tried td persuade Prince Bismarck to intervene in thc affaira of Zululand. Happily Hie ¡ promptitude of the British Government de- flated tile intrigue, «ind Schid returned to the Transvaal. He wa* appointed Native Commissioner for Mic Northern Province. Here .lie devilled himself to p.vifying the natives, and al ihn same lime acquired u tine farm, which he named Hösbach. Seidel's next post was that, of Chief Pri- sons Inspec t ur of the Transvaal. Later on Iii! received 1 lie appointment of Captain of Artillery. : 1 iva- sent io Berlin !" per- ice! himself in gunnery U.-'.hs. ta Iwv ar I'liei-v. and draw up'plans for the'fons and fortresses now dolled .limul the Rr puMie. Af'.er the Jameson raid Herr Sdi ¡cl found his hands full ju comnileting the ar- mament:, of the Transvaal. The Johannes- burg fort was ibuilt under his direct supervision. and ho was it» first commandant. ¡He is now General Joubant's tactical "ghost," and it is understood that thc present Boer plans of campaign have been cihielly drawn up by him. He is assisted by a stall' of Ger- man cx-ofiieers and a corp* of German Uit lanilcrs. 