CHRIST’S ESTIMATE OF FAITH. By ALEX. R. AJACEWEN, D.D. ovaus amui umo mra, i nomas, because thou hast seen Me, thou hast believed; blc-saed are they that have not scon, and yet have believed —John xx., 29. i There is only one true faith; there is ' only one God and Father; there is only one Saviour; there is only one Holy Ghost, and these three are one; but there is a great variety in the ways of read in faith. There is a great difference in the hold which it takes on different minds We must not confuse those two, the ob ject and the method of faith. We must not imagine that because Christ is al ways the same, all men reach Him by the same road, or stand in the same relation sinee faith is the most important part and force in life, the part and force winch bind us to God, everv hing about Faith is of consequence, and ■ it is of special value to learn, as this verse enables us to do, Christ's estimate of different kinds of faith. 1IrT'-e see here what He who spent His life in seeking to awaken faith, who died a shameful death in order to give faith almost’th°USht When His work almost finished of different kinds of faith In this verse He recognises and compares two ways in which men come to believe He compares those who believe because Jill haye seen with those who have not seen and yet have believed. Of the ona we have a very plain example in the Apostle Thomas; of the other, although no exampie is quoted, the meaning is quite clear. We shall learn, with God's blessing, some good lessons if we look at them in turn, noticing what Christ thought of each of them. Those who, like Thomas, believe be cause they have seen. The behavior ot Thomas, being fully described, requires little explanation. For some unknown cause he had been absent when Christ first appeared to the disciples artel- the resurrection. They reported to him that Jesus had shown them His hands, and said He breathed upon them, and had given them the Holy Ghost. The wo wen, too, described their adventures at J*® ;Tlchre- Thomas discredited these tales as the fond fancies of excited brains. He must see with his own eves be must use his own hands and fingers’ otherwise he would not believe. After the lapse of a week, during which Tho mas remained in doubt. Jesus appeared again, and offered Thomas the verv evi dence he had specified. - Reach hither thy finger, He said, “and behold Ho llands, and reach hither thy hand and ^rtS^ lnt° My side'” Jt is not said that Thomas took advantage of the of fer and most of us would prefer to think that he was ashamed to.lay hand on that eternal body. But in any ease he was convinced. The proof which he de manded was before him, within his ^Ch. f°r use- He was not only satis fied, but received a new impulse in devotion, and cried out with a swelling heart, My Lord and my God.” He had seen, and therefore he believed. No doubt there is something attrac- i tive in the eagerness of Thomas and some beauty in the gush of feelin- v-h , which he confesses the truth, vet0Jesus I received his warm profession Very cold! 1 r*’ a?d actually reproved him. "Be not' faithless, • He said, “but believing ’■ Rv his dogmatism he had strayed to the verge of unbelief, and he had escaped only by renewing the humiliation of h5 Master Forced into faith by his own principles, he was bound to believe therefore Jesus reminds him that the road by which he had come wJL a p,S* load, not to be compared for hardness h r°thet-‘ Because he had seen lie had believed. What else could he have belief. Jesus bad left no room for’un! ^THE DEMAND FOR DEMOE TION. 18 a very common i thought regarding the supernatt spiritual. Perhaps it is the mo mon, for the human mind in its c and natural development calls dence. Some seek for proof tha through the senses; others foi through argument and reason - can be attached to those who' m bn attitude, although it brings We cannot reckon people as sim cause they will not accept a fa doctrine until they are convinced as true. Indeed, most Cliristiar through such a stage. When th ties are shooting, and we have confidence in ourselves, we that we are entitled to -everything explained to m cally. We imagine that no o saw such difficulties as we see wonder that older people, a] thou cannot convince us, are si firm “ Pie m their faith. We cannot i others’ opinions or the ( of ,the Bhurch as our rules, or of bending to any authority exc ov,n convictions. This is the att Thomas when he declared that h hot believe unless the truth were ed h‘1Tnili -the Very Way he had p Ijut Bp i'1S case Jesus met the c the libit T ahvays d° so. A the Bible, and conscience and Penence supply evidences £ ffie Cream they makp a SghttoIn *Z1Ch crea-tures hi out the i we were aslted t out the reason why Thomas was th0at1r,areated’ We Jaae IZ 'r hiS earnestp<*s a, rage. Unbeliever that he was We Hedid116 disciples at the . *te did not give up hope the faith of others seemed to hii unreasonable. His. own heai side!*” bUt he l:emained °n th, men^ni2 iS a P'ain ,esson wl»cl Donhf d w°men especially Doubts creep into their souls • nonest to believe. Well when tv jna tear, contradict on’c wm ?rave Slde, the side where c will be needed. God is always ‘ win mta” Wh°’ in spite of doubt a will stay in the company where to accustomed to reveal himselfi But E A,ST BELIE VERJ But, passing from this, I rathe you to notice the condition of tho have received such proof, and y of ten°” any d°Ubt about the ev of religion, a great many pec derstand everything quite plami hnow how Jesus died for them ‘ as if they saw Him hanging on th he justice of God demands their Jesus was appointed to pay the p His sacrifice was accepted, and t saved. Their inward history m exhausted by piecing together eight or ten lines of some evar hymns. All is as clear as day: them. When they reflect that tl wT if pIeadin£ their cau: God they know that they have n d°r d°Ubt- ^ey are entirely th and they can say with complete 1 aadsimplicity that He Is their L, their God. So in regard to the Sue G°d; They <W«te und ™ade the wor,d as a makes a house. If . they are no sure about the six days of creat argument from design is sufficient to convince ther they make themselves easy by the that a day does not mean a day Great many thousand years. If they see cattle eating; grass, they cliink that they have a wonderful proof of God’s fatherly care for oxen. The condition of oxen in winter, the severity of the weather, and ;ts eifect upon their condi tion. does not cause them any difficulty. In their own case they can trace God's care quite easily. They have had no great troubles since they were converted. If they have suffered sometimes, they knew they wore being punished. They see God’s hand so clearly everywhere that it would be wicked of them to dis trust Him. Or. take this particular fact, which Thomas doubted at first, that .Testis rose from the dead. Although they have not actually seen Him, the proof is as distinct to them as if it came by sig.it. They have read in one gospel that He was seen by so many men; in another, that He was seen by so many more: in the Acts, that others saw Him; and in the Epistles, that Paul saw Him! Is not all quite clear? The Bible is in spired. and the Bible records these facts. Where is the difficulty? They see these things distinctly, and therefore they be lieve them. I do not mean to speak slightingly of such people, for they have reached the truth. The Christian Church is full of men and women who are well assured of their own salvation, and are honestly amazed to hear the doubts which others express. Only let us not forget that their faith is the faith of Thomas. It has no venture in it—no uncertainty. It triumphs because God is kind and con descending. giving matter-of-fact people the sort of proof that will convince them, and dealing with them in Llie way that suits them. The homage and obedience which they proffer He receives as His right, for He is in truth their Bold and their God. But, even in accepting the tribute which Thomas paid. Jesus spoke to him of another hind of faith—or, rather, as I have said, of another road to faith. ’’Blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed." THE DIFFICULTIES OF DOUBTERS. Now. although no personal example is given us in this passage, it is not hard to understand what Jesus means. He is speaking of those who have an exactly opposite experience to that of Thomas. They wish for proof. They know the very kind of proof that would convince them and satisfy them, hut they do not receive it. Jesus does not come and -stand before them; still, they believe Let us take the same examples as be fore—the atonement, the creation, and the ways of God in providence. They find it very difficult to believe in the atonement. They cannot see that an-1 other person could hear the punishment which they deserve, and free them from condemnation, it seems as if everyone must hear his own burden, pay his own penalty. They are astonished at the thought that sin could he expiated before it was committed. They cannot prove such things by argument, and they see (laws in the arguments used by others. Yet they know iheir sins, and feel the burden of them. They have learned from the Gospel story to honor Jesus, and with that strange response which God’s love alone awakens in the heart, they leap to a conclusion which the mind can not justify. They make a bold adven ture into the unknown, and without see ing the truth they believe it. resting upon Jesus for salvation as He is offered to them in the Gospels. Similarly, when they hear the record of the science of nature, and learn how the fabric of the universe has unfolded itself through hundreds and thousands of years, growing out of a shapeless mass into developed life by steady iron laws, which pay no more heed to our souls than to the trees and plants, the whole belief of their early childhood vanishes like a fairy tale. Then, when they walk among the hills and fields, when they look up to the stars at night, when they have the company of the memory of God's saints, a whisper reaches them from the world of life and death, and they are able without for mality or double' meaning to worship Him who made the earth and heaven, and breathes into man a living soul. Jt is the same with their belief in provi dence. Some people are unable to trace God’s finger in their lives. They have not had pains and pleasure in proportion to their unbelief and faith. They can look back upon long years of prosperity, when the heart was far from God. and sometimes, when they have been doing their very best, a blow lias brought them to the dust. Perhaps, in their own circle they have seen the wicked spreading like the green hay tree, while the gentle and saintly are struggling beneath bur dens that seem to be intolerable. Instead of being moved to say, '“Thou hast beset me behind and before, and laid Thine hand upon me,’’ they are apt to cry, “I look backward and He was not there, and in front, and I could not see Him. Hath the Lord forgotten to be gracious?’’ Still with instinctive trust they seek for God. In heart, if not in mind, they have the substance of things hoped for, the evi dence of things not seen. They will not give up the thought that He governs the world and cares for them. They will rather stumble onwards for a time in hope of reaching light, than believe that the darkness is eternal. Anything, they feel, better than that, than a. world without a God, a soul without a destiny, a hunger fer which there is no food. And so though they cannot see God’s face, though they cannot trace His hand, they join the set ried ranks of those who have not seen and yet have believed. In this mood of mind and heart they will not seek for proof in the spirit of Thomas. They will accept very meekly what is given them by the way—a word, a swift thought, a dream of the night, the singing- of an old hymn, a good man’s voice, the recollec tion of a Christian friend—these crumbs falling from the table of the children must serve them for food. CHRIST’S ESTIMATE OF FAITH. Now it is instructive to observe the es timate which Jesus here expresses of such faith, so different from the estimate which is made of it by men. It is often depreciated and condemned by those who have gained a nearer and clearer view. The man who can do anything easily fre-! quently despises those who find it diffi cult. Among children you will find a boy who can run quickly laughing at those who are slow of foot. Among men, the ready speaker will despise-the slow, of tongue. A musician who can read music easily feels his superiority to those who blunder through an air. Men who are sharp at business and active in making bargains have a quiet contempt for those who hesitate and are always afraid of making mistakes. This is the natural course of human judgment and compas sion, and Christians frequently apply it to the judgments they pass upon faith. Those who can easily accept revealed doc trines assume an air of superiority. They ascribe all doubts to the devil, and speak of them as cobwebs which an active ser vant would remove at once. They do not care for thought or argument about reli gion. Plain truth, plainly stated, given to them, in the apostle’s language, as we give food to infants, is the only nourish ment on which their souls can live. They are never happier than when some super ficial person, or book, or sermon, puts the whole thing, as they say, into a nut shell, and suggests to them that every one who accepts a few ideas and facts which will not go into the nutshell is either a poor scatterbrain, or a wilful sceptic.’' If they are charitable they say that doubt and hesitation and vagueness in religion are real misfortunes. To them seeing is believing’, and they cannot inia i gine any worthy faith which is without | precision and certainty and assurance. That is the human (standard, but the | comparison which Jesus here makes con tradicts it point for point. "Blessed,” He says, “are those who have not seen, and yet believe.” Blessed is the man that can dispense with proof; Blessed is the heart that turns to a half-seen Sa viour. Blessed are they who, in their perplexity, guide their lives by the law of Jesus, without full understanding of the doctrine. It is not true that the ideal Christian sees everything cleariy, and is entirely happy in his faith. It is not true that doubts and difficulties are the devil's work. They arise sometimes in the effort of a mortal spirit to put on im mortality. They come most largely to those who take the widest view, who know the infinite to be in finite, and the mysterious to be a mystery. They are strongest in those whom Christ loves most, for, like a wise teacher. He gives His best pupils the hardest lessons, and keeps the simple tasks for simple minds. Before we close, then, let me ask why Jesus approved of such faith. We shall take the answers which these considera tions have presented. Two kinds of faith are mentioned, faith that is based on I truth, and faith that can dispense with proof? AVhy does Jesus give his bles sing to the latter? One answer we have already given implicitly; because it is not approved by men. It does not satisfy the common standard, and is blamed by many people, therefore Jesus removes the reproach. Just as He told His p.’ior disciples, and. His persecuted dis ciples, and His mourning disciples, that they were blessed because eye eye did not see. nor did ear bear their blessedness; in the same spirit He blesses those who are struggling in their faith. A man who understands all about re mission and creation and providence does not need to lie told that he is blessed, for he can stand up with a bright smiling face and declare that he has found peace, and invite others to become even as he is. There is a premium upon his position in tiie religious world. Xo need for Christ to tell sueli a man that lie is blessed. But a bewildered man. clinging to a cross of which lie scarcely knows more than that it is a cross; a distressed man, trying to face cares which lie. cannot fathom, but thinks sometimes that God's curse rests upon him. needs encouragement, and i Christ with His own wonderful sympathy gives him what lie needs. Another reason why Christ gives a blessing to such people is this. Their faith costs them an effort. lie loves those who go through fire and water for His sake. If it is easy for you to believe, why, then it is easy. There the matter ends. If von see no diillculties, then there are none for you to overcome. You may be thankful that the goal is won, but you need not expect a prize. If you have fought bard, however, to maintain your belief, faced one doubt after another^., met obstacles, but gone on bravely, not wavering or despairing, bolding on to the last, tbc-n you have been a good soldier, of Jesus Christ. There has been a strug gle which Christ will reward, and He gives His followers more than they de One oilier thought will explain these words still more clearly. Faith of this kind is the most complete and thorough. All faith is incomplete that is the confes sion of our want of knowledge and our need for help, but the most complete faith is that which lifts the whole nature, vibrates the whole man, which is felt at heart, and shown in action. When faith begins with the easy acceptance of some statements, or from admitting certain arguments, there is danger that it ends there; but when one is guided upwards by a wish for higher life and help, when the spirit is crying out for a living God, and when the yearning is so strong that we are willing to dispense with proof, and to reach out our inward ' hand humbly to take a gift from God,, there is very little danger that any part of our life escapes from bur religion. We cannot take the mind and leave the heart in sin; nor can we take these two and leave the conduct of our daily life, and that complete sacri fice in what has value before God. If God had wanted clear convictions from us, He would have given us shorter wits and stronger proof. If Christ had wished our hearts to gush volubly in our wor ship, He would be seen in ail His beauty in every assembly of saints. He wishes rather to have the whole man of us rising steadily towards Himself. It is not doubt that distresses Him, but doubt victorious and leading into sin. "To be lieve.” a wise man has said, “not because we are intelligent and can argue, not be cause we are learned and know many things, not because it is pleasant for us to think we are safe, but because there is something in us that makes us feel that light is light and worth follow ing, and truth is truth and worth behold ing: that is the biessed faith.” So moving through the darkness, IVe plainly hear His call, Seeing, hearing nothing, Hoping, trusting all. 