The Car dinaFs Fifth Lenten Discourse. The Mother of God. SHE IS OUR MOTHER ALSO. ALL GENERATIONS SHALL OALL HER BLESSED. / ? ??.?'.??. A BEAUTIFUL SERMON. His -Eminence. the Cardinal delivered his fifth Lenten discourse at St. Mary's Cathedral on Sunday evening before another large congregation, taking for his text : 'Hail, full of grace, the Lord is with thee' (Lukei. 28). He said : I Thru 'RWfd; of t.he Annunciation which we have just been celebrating invites us to take as the subjeot of our discourse to-day devo tion to the holy Mother of God. The Annunciation is one of the most anoient festivals of the Ohuroh. In the 7th century we find it sanctioned by councils in the East and in the West j and,, as early as the 4th oentury St. Augustine attests that the whole Ohuroh commemorated on that day the Incarnation of our Saviour: 'It is an old tradition,' he says, 'adopted by the Ohuroh that the Incarnation of the Eternal Word took place on the 25th of the month of March.' The Angel Gabriel, one of the ohief angels who stand before God's throne, was sent by God to bear the announcement of the Incarnation to an humble Jewish maiden in her home at Nazareth. It is well that ..we would ponder for a while on the details of the angelic message, the most replete with . clad tidings for fallen man, ever conveyed From heaven to earth. The sanctuary in which the Blessed Virgin prayed, adjoining her lowly cottage, is still pointed out on the gentle slope of the hillside overlooking the 1 villago of Naaareth. 8ho was engaged in prayer to the Most High when the Angel Gabriel appeared to her. It is expressly written that this angol 'was sent from God.' He is honoured by the Fathers as the Angel of tho Incarnation. Ho it was who appeared to the Prop'ot Daniel of old foreshadowing in prophecy this great mys tery. He again it was who when the time of fulfilment was at hand appeared to the priest Zaohary announcing the Precursor's coming - ' I am Gabriel who stand before God ; and am sent to speak to thee, and to bring thee these good tidings.' The name Gabriel signifies ' Strength of God,' and, in truth, the Inoarnation of the Eternal Word, the masterpiece of Infinite Wisdom, marked the extreme limit of the manifestation of Divine power in weakness, to which the arm of God Himself could reach. . ? 'Blessed Aivr Thou Among Women.' The Angel Radiant with great light such as shines not, in this world, saluted tho Blessed Virgin in words of eulogy whioh exhaust all manner of praises 'Hail, full of graoe, the Lord is with theo ; blessed art thou among women.' . In the Latin word 'Ave'we have probably a near approach to the very word whioh in the Jewish lan» ' guago of those days was the salutation used ' by tho angol. Ho addresses tho Blessed Virgin not in tho ordinary familiar form1 . ' Ponce bo unto you,' but ho uses tho special form ' Hawo' reserved for those who were Invested with high dignity. The words 'full of grace' Imply that the Blessed Virgin like an ocean of heavenly blessings embraced in her privileged soul all tho dis tinctive graoes distributed among the angola and saints. The loarnod Origan remarks that tho Greek word horo used by the Evangelist is not applied to any other, and that it presents tho Blessed Virgin to us as subsisting by tho outfit of heavenly graoes oonforroa on earth. These words of ?tlio angol imply first that the Blessed Virgin by the gift . of supernatural graoe is free entirely from all .stain of sin. original or actual, mortal or venial } aeoondly that this heavenly gift with all its fruttf ulness of virtues was conferred on her t in a measure befitting tho high dignity that' awaltod her, iukI far aurpassing thoaoouinu ' loiod graoos boBtowod on all othor o'roaturos ; and thirdly, a porfoot correspondence on her part to tho graoos reooivod, which thus became an ovor»lnoroa«ing souvoo of morit at ? every lnomont of her mortal lifo, Tho Angel adds i 'Tho Lord is with thoo.' Ho was with our B) eased Lady, by protecting hor absolutely and completely from every assault of Satan and from all ovll } and fur ther by guiding and controlling hor facul ties antl hot1 aotioiiB in uvory path of perfection } and finally by tak ing to HlniHolf our human i nitturo in hor thrifjo bloBBod womb. She is ' bloHHod among woman,' for oho wuh orownori with all tho' dignity of tho most oxaltod virginity, together with all tho privilo^uH of the moat fruitful motherhood, Tho BloHHod Virgin, in tho lowly conscious ness of true humility, was overwhelmed with oonfusion at these words of eulogy, but the Angel, to remove her fears, said to her : 'Fear not, Mary, for thou has found grace with God.' And he added a distinct state ment of the incomparable privilege that awaited her of being the Mother of the long- promised Redeemer: 'Thou shalt bring forth a Son j and thou shalt call His name Jesus. He shall be great and He shall be called the Son of. the Most High.' But the Blessed Virgin has linked her affections to God by the vow of virginity ; she will not forego this privilege, and. she asks how then shall the Angel's words be accomplished. He reassures her by the announcement that all would be aooomplished by the power and miracle of the Most High: 'The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Most High shall overshadow thee ; and, therefore, the Holy one whioh shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God.' The great mystery of the Incarnation being thus unfolded to her, she gives her oonsent in words expressive at the same time of humility and perfect submission to God's merciful appointment: ' Behold the hand maid of tho Lord ; be it done to me accord ing to Thy word.' (Luke i., 38.) But it will be aBked why this embassy from heaven to earth, from the Creator to tho creature? . Why those words of highest eulogy addressed by an Archangel to «n humble maiden of Nazareth ? It is that the plenitude of time has oome, marked out ,in the designs of God's mercy for the re demption of man j and now the prophecy of Isaiah shall bo fulfilled: 'behold a virgin shall conoeivo and boar a Son, and Ho shall be Emmanuel, that is, God with us.' v ?When we Salute tub Blessed, Virgin as the Mother of God we'Pbo phss oub Faith, in Three Great Truths. The Blessed Virgin becomes the Mother of God, and all this honour is shown to her and all those graoes are conferred, beoause suoh were befitting the most oxaltod, the most saored, the most inoommunicable office in tho work of redemption whioh she was oalled to discharge. The dignity of Mother of God is the compendium of all her privi leges, the source of all the othor titles in whioh heaven and earth love to address hor. When wo salute her as Mother of God wo profess our faith in throe great truths whioh form the immovable foundation on whioh tho wholo mystory of Redemption rests : 1st, That the Redeemer is true man, olothed with our nature taken in her womb, other wise she would not be a mother. 2nd. That Ho is truly God, nlse she wore not tho Mother of God, And 3rd. That there is but the one Divine Person in the two natures, In othor words, the So'oond Person of the Most Holy Trinity, the Word of God, who in His Divine nature, is from all eternity begotten of tho Father and oonsub stantial with Him, was in the fulness of time again begotten as man, by being born of the Virgin, thus taking to Himself from her material womb, a,human uature of the some substance with hers. Those who impugn the Catholic doctrine upbraid us with the reproach that we make the Blessed Virgin the Mother of tho Deity. This, however, is to misconceive tho teach ing of tho Catholic Faith. Tho Blessed Virgin is not the Mother of the Deity, for tho Doity is infinite and eternal, Her maternity is temporal, but He who is eternal ohose to make hor His Mother in His human nature when He decreed to booomo man like unto uh, thus by an infinite out pouring of moroy to accomplish the work of our redemption, Tliw humble maiden of Naanroth, undor tho overshadowing of tho Holy Ghost, by communicating to the Second Person of tho Adorable Trinity, as mothors do, a true human nature of tho same substance with her own becomes thoreby really and truly His Mother. But if the Bossed Virgin has been in tho mysterious ways of divine mercy exalted to tho highest dignity of Mother of God, it in the privilege of oncih one of uh to Haiti to hor with that swuotuMt of all names. She 1h the Mother of Clod, but she k our Mother alHo, And this in not a more metaphorical ox« proHslon doworlng tho Blessed Virgin with duties in our regard and Imposing on us a reciprocal alVootlon mid love to which no reality oari'OBponds, In tho 'Hiipornatural order aho in Htriotly and rigorously our Mother, Wo aro tho brothers of our Saviour by adoption. Sanctifying graoo imparts a new life to the soul ; it enlightens the intellect and gives strength to the will and elevates our whole being to the super natural order. Now it is through Mary that this supernatural life has come to us, and as she is thetrue' Mother of our Saviour it becomes our privilege, by adoption, to salute her as our Mother also. The Fathers of the Church recognise in the mysteries of the Incarnation the counterpart of the scenes of the Garden of Eden. Eve, by dis obedience, brought death on the human race. The Blessed Virgin reverses the sentence of , Eve, and offering to us tho fruit of the Tree of Life, restores to us our lost heritage. Hence it is that the Fathers assign to her in the spiritual order the title of ' Mother of the living,' which, in the material orde;, is given to Eve in Holy Writ. The teaching of the Fathers of the first centuries is com pendiated in the words of St. Epephanius : ' Through Eve, death and perdition came to us; through Blessed Mary we have re-1 ooiveel life and salvation.' The words of our Saviour on the cross, though they may appear to.be of individual reference, yet as the Fathers explain bring with them an echo of blessing to tho whole human family. 'Father, forgive them,' appears to plead solely for the executioners, yet it ie .a prayer of pardon for all poor sinners. 'To-day thou shalt be with me in Paradise ' is addressed to the repentant thief on Calvary, but it conveys the joyous sentence of pardon to all re pentant souls till the end of time. So, too, the words addressed, to St. John, 'Behold thy mother' and to the BlesBed Virgin, ' Behold thy son,' are a message of love conveyed by the Redeemer to all His chosen children, who, till the end of time, would be gathered around His cross : To nil of them He assigns' the Blessed Virgin as Mother, and in regard to them all He in vests the Blessed Virgin with the privilege of loving affection and watchful vigilance of Mother. , Heite three queries may be proposed : Does it behove us to honour the Blessed Virgin? does it behove us to invoke her intercession ? does it behove us to set the life of the Blessed Virgin before the faithful as the typo and model of virtue for every Christian soul ? ' Clothed With the Sun and the Moon Under Her Feet.' The Catholic Ohuroh pays every tribute of due piety and devotion to the Blessed Virgin and reckons it a privilege and sacred duty thus to honour her. There is the say ing registered in the Sacred Scripture : ' lie is worthy of honour, whom the King hath a mind to honour.' (Esther vi, ii.) Tho King of Kings hath been pleased to honour the Blessed Virgin. An Archangel is com missioned by Him to be herald to her of the tidings of Redemption. The Eternal Word made man honour hor with His obedience and His love. We have learned from the Angel's words how, in preparation for the motherhood of the Redeemer, she. was equipped with the overflowing abundance of all heavenly gifts and graces. What shall we say of the ever increasing store of blessedness which accompanied that mother hood. The planets that are nearest the sun partake most of its light and heat. What pure oreature was ever privileged to be so Intimately asHooiatod and united with the Creator as was His Virgin Mother. Even if the Angel's words were not registered in the Gospel for our guidance and in struotion, our reason would of itself dictate that when tho Redeemer was choosing to Himself a mother among the daughters of Eve, the chosen one would bo made worthy of the dignity and privilege about, to be con ferred upon her. Not that anyone of her self could be worthy of such an office, but that through His bounty who would bo equipped with every adornment of heavenly blessing, and evory Divine gift and graoe corresponding to the oxaltod dignity that was marked out for hor, The Apoatlo in the Apooalypse sees her in vision ' clothed with the sun, and tho moon undor her foot, and on her head a crown of 12 stars,' The Church salutes her as ' all fair and comely, loaning on her beloved' i and again, radiant as she is with light as tlio sun and beautiful as tho moon, she is deolarod to bo terrible to Satan as un army in battle array. In the prophecies of the Old Testament tho praise of the Blessed Virgin if) linked with tho glory of tho promised Messiah, In the very first words of cheering hope spoken by God to our fallen race, it is announced that through the merits or her Divine, Son she would crush tho serpent's head, If Isaiah will sot forth tho dignity and glory of the true Emmanuel, lie ushers in the announcement with the words, ' Behold a virgin shall oonaoivo,' : Tho Gospel tolls tie of tho visit of the Blessed Virgin to her cousin, Saint Eliza beth, That venerable matron filled with tho Holy Ghost, breaks forth with the sweet words of salutation i 'BIohhocI- art thou among women and blossod is tho fruit of thy womb ! and whence 1b this to mu that the niothor of my Lord should oomo to mo,' The Virgin horaolf in response intones her Inspired oantlclo of thanksgiving and of purtrnt joy j 'My soul doth magnify the Lord, and my spirit hath rojoloori in God my Saviour i huaau&o; Ho hath regarded tho lumlllty of hlfi hand. maid j for bohold from henceforth all gonoriiblonn nhall call mo Blessed. (Luko I,, -l(),) Tlio Aral), ungul had sitlutod her i\h Mowed. ElwaboUi onliahbonad by tlio Holy Ghost had again proclaimed hor Biassed, In prophutlo vIhIoh tho Virgin herself, Divinely Inspired, now announuuH thai) all jonoratiouu, partakers of tho graces and blessings of Redemption, would ohant her praises and record her blessedness. How perfectly, how beautifully has this prophecy been fulfilled in the Catholic Ohuroh. From the first century to the present day, genera tion after generation has pronounced her thrice blessod, and nation hau vied with nation in extolling her privileges and setting forth her praise. In the Oatholio Ohuroh alone, the prediction of the Holy Spirit of God has been fulfilled. . Non Oatholio sects have not only refused to honour her or to pay to her the tribute of - thbir voneration and devotion, but they have made it a matter of reprouoh to us Catholics that we are lavish in our praises of her. Every other Soriptural name will be com memorated with eulogy in tho . Protestant pulpits, but tl\p praises of Mary will not be heard there, for her exalted 'dignity and un exampled privileges aro ignored. Is not this a manifest tost of the one true Ohuroh of Christ in which the prophecy of the Holy Ghost is fulfilled, and in whioh the Spirit of God abides. The Blessedness of Mary In Its Tkub I Light. Once again tho title of Blessed is given to her. The Redeemor had performed some stupendous miraoles of mercy, and a certain woman lifting up hor voice cried out to Him : 'Blessed is tho womb that bore thee ' and the papB that gave theo suck' (Luke xi., 27). Here it is manifest the thoughts of the Jowiah woman were fixed on the material glory that would redound to suoh a mother from suoh a son, and hence the Redeemer takes occasion to sot tho blessed ness of Mary in its true light: 'Yea rather, blessed are they who hear tho word of God, and koop it.' As if He had said: bno is blessed, indeed, in being a material way the chosen instrument of my Inoar nation ; but far more blessed in that Iher happy soul was confirmed in everything to God's holy law. And this conveyed a com forting lesson to the disoiplos that though they could not share the privilege of the Blessed 'Virgin's maternity, yet by omu lating her virtue they oould bo partakers of her eternal reward. As Venerable Bede paraphrases our Saviour's words: 'She was happy in being in time the instrument of the Inoarnation of the Divine Word, bufc ' stU^ happier in being the perpetual guardian of his love.1' _.But ,ia__!b lawful for us to invoke tho Blessed Virgin's aid, and may we hope for her intercession in our behalf? Instinctively the Christian oonscionoo replies that the Blossed Virgin and the Saints shall not be invoked by us in vain. A leading Anglican Review ('Ohuroh Quarterly,' Jan., 1809) confesses ' it would be almost inconceivable that those who in this life had loarnod to oxeroise their spiritual oapaoitios in depend ence upon God, should on passing through death cease to bo able to pray.' The great Dootor of the Ohuroh, St. Jerome, presents tho anoient tradition of the church when ho writes : 'If the apostles and niarytrs while still in tho body aro able to pray for others when they still ought to bo full of oare' for themselves, how much more can they do so after they have been oroM'nod with viotorv and triumph. Moyses obtains pardon from God for six hundred thousand armed men and Stephen, tho imitator of his Lord and the first marytr in Christ, begs forgiveness for his persecutors ? and shall their power be Uss after, they have begun to tie with Christ.' The Angels and Saints in Heaven Can Heak Our Pjuvers, It is a doctrine of the ohurah, dearly set forth in the sacred Scripture, that the angels and salnls in heaven can hear our prayers and that they have tho power and the mission from God to help us, Tho Apooal ypso tolls us of tho graoe and poaoo that oorno to us from tho sovon spirits that are before God's throne; tho souls whom St. John saw reposing under the altar woro enguutid in prayer, and we road of an angel who ' came and stood before tho altar having a golden oonsor, and there was given to him much Inoense that he should offer of tho prayers of all saints upon the golden altar whioh is before the throno of Gotl ' Tho patriarchs and prophets are ropre Bon tod as by their intercession averting tho wrath of God, To the friends of Job it was «aid i ' ' My servant Job shall pray for you ? ? his fnoo I will auoopt,' Ellas by his prayers shut and opened the heavens, The angel .Raphael was not only wont to guide and defend the young Tobias, but ho was also bearer of the prayers pi the aged father before (Jod, The pain'tlngs of the Oata oombH, tho innariptions on the martyrs' tombs, and all the monuments of the early ohuroh attest that our doparted brothers are not forgetful of us, Who therefore can entertain a doubt that tho Blossod 'Virgin may ploadin our bohalf, and what may we not hope for from the effloaoy of her pruyors ' at tho.'throno of her Divine Son, ,,'^ymflty, ol those who pray to tho Most High is the measure of tho eifloaay of fcholi' prayers, At the prayer of. Moses tho watora oi; the Rod Boa wore divided, and tho children of Israel pusBod unharmed from tho Egyptian bomlugu, At Joshua's prayer tho huh sfcanc h Htlll, and IiJh victory is aoinnloto. The ouptivo youths of Babylon oiianinpuHsod thoniHolvos with payur, and thu flames of the flory furnace hamiod thorn noli, Daniel by prayor wuh cjollyorod from tlio lion's dun - the faithful of JoruBalum uiilLad In prayor, mid the prison doors wore thrown opon, and the itpuHblu St. i'otor wus freed mm the eapblvlty and death that awaited him. .But tho Blessed Virgin is tlio IioIIohO and purest and best of all creatures, most plowing In tlio Hltfht of heaven, most bluMHud by (Jo* Will nut her prayor therefore bo most eflicaoioua in our bi half, and through her all-powmiul pubronugo. will not the choicest gifts of Heavuu bo bestowed upon us? In the Gospel narrative tiio Blessed Virgii ia presented to us as the ? diBpensairix of many of the ineffable blessings .that were bestowed. Whou the shepherds of Bethlehem, in obedience to tho angelic summon*), haslened to tho crib in which tho Redeemer, was bom, it was tho Blessed Virgin who pre sented tho Divine Infant to them. The Magi, led from tho distant East by tho Guidance of a rniruoulons ntnr, found tho Redeemer ' with Mary, His mothor ; and falling down, they adored Him.' Through hor patronage the rich gifts which they hud brought wore presented to iho new-born Saviour. Hor patronage was seen at tho mar ? riuge feast of Oana ot Galileo, whoa at her prayer tho first public wondrous miracle was performed by Christ in changing water into wine. When tho Redeemer had ascondpd into heaven and tho Apostles wore awaiting in Jerusalem tho coming of the Paraoloto, the Blessed Virgin was preaont with thorn, as we road in tho Acts of Apostles : 'They 'were all peraevering in prayer, with Mary, tho mother of Jesus.' TitK Onnon av tuh Bmsskp Viiwun is OXM OF PkKI'KTUAL INTKKOHSSIOX. ' I consider it impossible,' mites Cardinal Newman, ' for those who boliove tho Church to be one vast body in heaven and on earth, in which every holy oroature of God has hia place, and of which prayer is the life, when onco they rooogniso the sanctity and dignity of the Blessed Virgin, not to perceivo im mediately that hor office above is ono of porpetual intercession for the faithful militant, and that our very relation to her must be that of clients to a patron, and that, and in tho eternal enmity which exists between tho woman and tho sorpont, while tho serpent's strength lies in being the Tempter, tho weapon of the beoond Eve and Mother of God 1b prayor.' Tho effloacy of Mary's pleading tor us exceeds that of tho angels, patriarchs, and prophets, in tho same degree that hor sanctity' surpasses theirs. If our Father in heaven listens to tho voioo of His servants and accords thoir petition, what oan Ho rofuso to her who is His chosen daughter ot predilection and privileged above all to bo the Mothor of His beloved Son. Sinners though wo be, we can help ono another by our prayers, How irrosistiblo then must be the pleading of hor who was ever pleasing in His sight, and whose white robe of innooenco was never tarnished by tho slightest stain or huiiuuw ui am nuiu uuu first moment of hor existence, till she was reoeivod by the triumphant angols into heaven. , . . The Fathers of tho Church when speaking of the Blessed Virgin can hardly find words sufficient to extol hor dignity and privileges and to commend hor patronage , to us, St. MaximuB stylos hot1 u tho manna, whioh is delicate, bright, sweet and virgin} whioh, as though coming from heaven, hai poured down on all the faithful of the Ghurohoa a food ploasantor than honey.' Others salute her aa ' the mother of lifo, of beauty, of majosty, the morning star, the mystical now heavone, the fruitful vino. She is tho wiso woman who hath olad beliovors, from tho lleooe of tho Lamb born of her, with the clothing of inoorruption, and freed them from their spiritual nakodnss,' 'St. Ephram writes! 'By her we are translated from death to life.' St. Basil of Balonoia i ' She shinoa out above all tho martyrs as ,tho sun above tho stars j ahe mediates betwoon God and man'.' St. Cyril at Hphesus cries out i 'Hail Mary, Mother of God, majestic common-treasure of tho whole world, tho -lnmv, unrMinnnimllin. tho Ot'OWll of Vit'flHlitVi the nooptiro of orthodoxy, oho iudioaolublo temple, Mothor and Virgin, through whom Ho in the Holy Gospels is oallod bloBSod who oomoth in tho name of tho Lord, through whom the Holy Trinity is sanctified, through whom Angols and Archangels ro joioe, demons are 'put to flight, and tho fallon oroaturo is received up into tho heavens,' Another Father of tho samo Oounoil of BphosuB orlos out: 'Hal, Mother', olad in light ot tho light which novuv sot's } hail, ail-undoflled mother of hollnoBB } ' hail most politick! fountain bf tho ltfo- tdvltiK stroam.' St. Methodius, ho famed for ploty and learning, BiiluteH hor in tho Bwoot words » ' Thou, among all created things, visible and Invisible, Jlarboyond ull, ' Hhtnuat with honour. Happy the root ol Jobbo, and bloBsod the 'house of David in which thott didst bud forth.' law Till!) LI.IM3 ok '.i?li ia Blnsbioi.) Vikcun mo EVIM PltKHHNT TO YOU, Tho third query remains ( Is tho Catholic Ohut'oh wIho In prooonting tho BlosHiid Virgin to hor 'children m a typo of ioHuuhb, a model of all thooo virtues whioh they should ondottvour to roallso In thair IIvoh, It has boon wall romarlcod tlmt Ulu'lHtB spirit Is not tho world's epli'lt } HIb idoalM are not tho world's To bo meek, to bo humble, to bo pure, to I'horish a spirit of disinterestedness and Rolf-sacrifloo when there is question of material wealth and human applause, is not what tho world asks of its heroes. Hence it is that those who are imbued with the spirit of tho world have a distaste for the livos of tho Saints. This anti-Chriotian spirit, this hostility to the heroes of Christianity, was charaotor istioally displayed amid the harrowing Reformation scenes of tho sixteenth century. Tho lives of the Saints wore hold up to ridi cule, they wore branded as a bundle of lies, and pointed to aa a proof of Catholic credulity. And yet the honour shown to the Saints in tho Catholic Church, and tho narratives of tho power of God displayed in tho heroic sanctity of the Saints, lead us buck to tho very cradle of Christianity. From the very first days of,. the Faith, tho heroism of tho Saints was sot before the faithful as something worthy of being realised in their own lives, but above all tho life of the Blessed Virgin wan presented to them as the type of every perfection, the morlol of all virtues. Assuredly, with the exception of Our Blessed Lord, no nobler or brighter pattern could be proposed to us more worthy of our imitation, and looking back on the course of centuries no other model has exorcised sn salutary an influenco aa regards society or the family or tho 'indi vidual. What tho loved arH loving mothor is to tho Christian family, that the Blessed Virgin has been for nineteen oenturies to the whole Christian commonwealth. Nor does this derogate in any way from tho glory due to our Blessed Lord The Blossed Virgin is His most pnrfoot mirror, and thus her ex ample gently loads tho children of tho Church 'to admire and love and imitate in somo imperfect way those virtues that are doar to God, and make man 'conformable to tho image of His Son.' ' St Ambrose, aB far back as the fourth century, held up to the faithful for imitation the model of tho Biassed Virgin's life. ' Let the life of tho Blossed Virgin,' he said, 'bo over present to you, in whioh, as in a mirror, the beauty of ohastity and tho form of virtue shine forth. She was a virgin not only in body, but in mind, who never sullied the pure affection of her heart by unworthy feelings. She' was humble of heart, serious in her oonversa tions, choosing rather to read than to speak. She placed hor oonfldonoe rather in the prayer of the poor than in the uncertain riohes of this world. She was ever intent on hor occupations, and aooustomed to make God rather than man the witness of her thoughts. She injured no one, wished well to all, rovoronood age, yielded not to envy, avoided all boasting, followed tho dictates of reason, and loved virtue, There was nothing forward in hor looks, bold In her words, or unbecoming in hor aotions. Her oarriago was not abrupt, hor gait not indo lent, hor voioo not petulant, ho that hor very appearance was the ploture of hor mind and the figure of piety.' It is impossible to ovor .estimate tho mar vellous and far-reaohing Influonao whioh sium a mirror of virtue, suoh a model of Christian life, has exoroisod on every Oatho Ho homo, and every Oatholio heart. The « Golden Legend ' (Longfollow) pays a just tribute to this sanctifying , influonoo thuB oxoroisod by devotion to the Blossed Mother of Gods , 'All hearts are touohod, and softened at her name j ? Alikfl tho bandit with the bloody hand, Tho Priest, tho prince, the scholar, and the peasant, The man of deeds, tho visionary dreamer, Pay homaao to hor as one ever present, And if our Faith had given us nothing more Than this example of all womanhood, So mild, so merciful, so strong, bo good, So patient, peaceful, loyal, loving, pure, Thin were enough to prove it higher and truer Than all tho oroeds the world had known before.' One who in our own day has boon tho champion of Rationalism, its eulogist and historian (Lucky), could not refrain from ad miring tho TOBults achieved by presenting to tho world this exalted typo and model ol vlt'ttto ! u The world Is governed by idealu,' ho nays, ' and Boldom, or novor has there boon ono whluli has oxorolHod a more salu tary Infiuonoe than the modliuval Idoa ofjtho Virgin, All that was bust In Europo oIun torod around it, and it 1h tho origin of many of tho puroat elements of civilisation, Thoro In lltiilo doubt that tho Oatholio reverence of tho Virgin has 'done muoh to elovato and purify tfiu idoal woman, and to soften tho manners of mon i It supplied in a grout mousuro, thu ruduomlng and ennobling olo niotit in'a Htrango amalgamation of licontlouii and military fouling which wan foniioi' around women In tho ago of chivalry, and whioh no Huaauading ohange of habit or bullof has whollyMontroyod,' Tn:io Dkvotion to this Madonna has bkkn on rc of Tiiw Noblest G hacks ok' Catholicism. Mr. Ruskin, ono of the most popular of our writers, when soarching for tHo ideal of perfect virtue can scarcely h'nd words suffi cient to commend this fenture of Catholic piety. 'T. am persuaded,' he says, 'that the devotion to the Madonna has been one of the noblest and mosti vital graces of Catholicism, and has never beon otherwise than productive of truo holiness of life and purity of character. There has probably not been an innocent cottage house through out tho length :and breadth of Europe in which the imagnjod presence of tho Madonna has not given 'sanctity to the humblest duties and comfort to tho sorest trialB of the1 lives of women. From tho moment when tho spirit of Christianity had been entffely interpreted to tho Western races, tho sanc tity of womanhood worshipped in the Madonna, and tho sanctity of childhood in unity with that of Christ, became the light of every honest hearth ivnd the joy of every pure and chastened soul.' The spirit which animated the Church in regard to' tho Blessed Virgin in the early ages of Christendom was shown at tho General Council held at Ephesus in the year 430\. The number of Bishops who assembled thoro and the religious enthusiasm with which they proclaimed the privileges of Mary and assorted the title of Theotokos, tha^ is, 'Mother of God,' whioh heresy had' ?impugned,- made that Oounoil over memorable in the annals of the Church. But it was no less memorable for the univer sal rejoicing that its rlooroe awakened throughout Christendom. Tho whole oity was ablaze with illuminations, oantiolos of joy resounded on every side, the assembled citizens bearing lighted torches accompanied tho prelatos to the°oathodral, and tho joy thus manifested .and the festive thanks giving then offered to God found an eoho in all the ohurohos of the West and the East. The solemn scenes that were witnessed in our own day when the doctrine of tho Immaculate Conception was defined on the 8th of Deoember, 1854, and tho joy that then beat in every Oatholio hourt aro a oon vinoing proof that the Church in the 10th bontury cherishes the samo devotion to the Blosaod Virgin, and is quiokened by- tho »-..«« ntiJt.Jj* rtP fni-Mi na \n f.tan KMi nftn f.nrv. ttCWUw alill 1U Ui JtVlUAA I*O At! WWW WKi* ww*j wv**j j that its piety has not grown oold, and that the faithful hail with the same enthusiasm of rejoioing eaoh glorious tribute offered to thelionour of their heavenly Queen. Tnio DooTiuNia ok tub Immaoulatm CONOIOl'TION. It should not surprise us that tho dog matio definition by which tho great Pontiff of holy memory, Pius IX,, gavo the seal of tho Church's authority to the dootrine of tho Immaculate Conception of the Blossod Virgin, brought joy to tho whole Oatholio world. It added to the honour of the Mother of God sanctioning her poorlofls privilege, and it gavo glory to the Most High, oxalting Hia power and wisdom. Perhaps, however, there is no other privi lege of the Blessed Virgin that some non Catholics, blinded with irreligious prejudice, have bo consistently misrepresented .and assailed, Pretentious mon nave not hosi tated to write that by this definition of faith, the Oatholio Ohuroh elevated tho Blossed Virgin to a dlvlno dignity, endowed hee with a divine prerogative and made her oqual to God, Aud yet all this is quite absurd in itself, is quite ropugnant to Oatho lio teaching, Ib was in tho following words that this consoling doctrine of' Oatholio piety received the solemn sanction of the Vicar of Christ! 'To tho honour of the Most Holy and Undivided Trinity, to1 tho ornament and glory of the Virgin Mothor of Gad, to tho exaltation of tho Oatholio faith, and to bhe incroaao of Christian ploty, wo define that the doctrine which holds tho Bloasod Virgin Mary, in the. first moment of her first aonooptinn to have boon by a singular grace and privilege of Almighty God. in virtuo of tho merits of Jesus Christ, tho Redoomoi'iof tho human raoo, preserved, free from all stain of original sin, has boon revealed by God, and Is, therefore, to bo firmly and perpetually boiievea oy au vno falfchVul.' ,„.,.,??» In promulgating this Hohnmu definition of tho Immaculate Conception, tho Pope was guided by tho Holy Spirit of God, tho Spirit of Truth that abldou in tho Church for ovoiy and ho was strengthened by tho divine prayor of Ohi'tob.i 'I have asked for thoo that ' thy faith nhall not foil } do thou confirm thy brethren,' Wo profess our' faith that Mio BloHSod Virgin, by a spooial privilege of heaven, wan oxompt from tho jaw of original Bin, mid In tho first moment of hor oxlstenoo, like the first Eve when she oaino forth from tho Creator^ hands, was adorned with sanctifying grace. Thin im munity of Mary from oi-igllial sin 1h duo to tho morltB of Ohrlflt j It wan a prlooloHH gift of houvotij but It wan tho fruit of redemp tion ; to attain this singular dignity nnd privilege sho, like tho rest of the human race, stood in need of the Redeemer's bounty and mercy, although in a more sublime man ner. This doctrine of tho Immaculate Con ception, though not solemnly defined till the present aeo, yet was from tho first implied in tho Sacred Scripture, was in strict harmony with tho place assigned to the Blessed' Virgin in the great mystery of Re demption, was handed down in tradition by the early fathors of the Church, and was practically profesped by the faithful from age to age. To oito only one witness of this tradition, the ancient liturgies with ono accord salute tho Blessed Virgin as Im maculate. Thus the liturgy of St, James commemorates hor an 'our most holy,, immaculate and most gloriouB Lady, Mother of God and ovor Virgin.' In tho old Maronite Ritual sho is invoked as 'our holy, over worthy of praise, and Immaculate Lady.' In tho 'Alexandrian liturgy of St. James she. is addressed, as ' most holy, most glorious, Immaculate.' But thore is one feature of tho definition, of tho doctrine of the Immaculate Concep tion that must not be omitted. This solemn definition lays the axe at the root of tho great doctrinal errors of tho day. Tho ? privilege of tho Blessed Virgin convicts the world of heresy and unbelief, and over more is verified her mission as chanted from of old in the sweet anthem by holy Church : 'Thou alone, 0 Mother of God, hast destroyed . all heresies ' throughout the' whole world.' What are the groat religious errors of this century of ours, so marvellous in its material tri umphs and in its secular splendour ? One of tho great evils of the day is that so many outside of the Catholic Church have laid aside the belief in the supernatural. Their thoughts and affections are engrossed by the world around them, its scheme of aggrand izement, its material progress, its pursuit of , the pleasures of life. In some oountries, too,, in the very centres of literary life^ the errors of tho Pelagian heresy, so trium phantly refuted by St. Augustine of old, and so often condemned by the Church, have been revived under new names, in their most deceitful and fatal forms, thus destroy ing for many souls all tho hopes of spiritual lifo. This setting forth of tho natural per fection of man, implying aa it does the denial (JJ, UJ. lU,i-Jl«l mil, A1IVW l*tll W^IVU ? */?. ww, k#**q-*v» the spiritual life of those on whom it oasts its baneful shadow. Tho dootrine of the Immaculate Conception, whilst proclaiming the exemption of the Blossocl Virgin, seta before us in the most emphatio way, that we all have sinned in Adam, that by original sin whioh wo Inherit from our parents we have forfeited the graces of the supernatural life to which in our first creation man was elevated by God. Thus error is condemned and Catholic truth proclaimed. , Another great evil of the day is tho wanb of practical, belief in the Inoarnation of our Saviour, and in the justification that oomes to us through the merits of His snored Passion and Death. Now all .Catholic devotion to the Blessed Virgin brings home to our minds and to our hearts, to our belief and to our' love the great mystery of Divine Mercy In the Incarnation of the; , Redeemer. Every privilege aooordod to her, evory virtue of hor soul, every gift of grace oonferrod, was a preparation or a oon sequenoo of the Eternal Word , beoomlng man. Thus it Is that hor oxalted privilege of tho Imrnaoulnto Conception brings tho' ineffably sweet name of Jesus ;to our lips and, arrayed though Ho is In all the splendour of tho Deity, BotB Him before us as the truo living Son of Mary, the Word made flesh, who in the inBoru table ways of an infinite meroy and bounty oomos to rodeem and sanctify us. The Honouiit.no of auno ! Bltosshd Virgin1 Promotes avnw Lovm oirOuii Saviour, ItiB manifest from this that tho honour Ing of tho Blessod Virgin has for Its Im mediate result to prosorve and promote tho knowlodgo and the love of our Saviour. Such devotion Is tho best safeguard,' and preservation for tho Catholic doctrine of .tho Incarnation, and it Imprints this doctrine on tho dally worship and -practice of tho- faithful, Those sects that in the , .lutn century separated .themselves from tho , Catholic Church, and under tho pretence of honouring our Saviour, would deny all honour to His chosen Mother, have one by one gradually worked out thoir erroneous tenets in logical sequence, and rejected. tho great mystery of tho Incarnation, and thus have practically justified tho pious doctrines of tho Catholic faith, On tho other hand wherever genuine devotion to tho BIessed Virgin has been preserved, as in tho Catholic Church, there tho doctrine of tho Incarna tion has been preserved inviolate. Tho latest uIiivho of this war faro against tho Blosnod Virgin in the atlompt of hoiiio infldol loadoi'H of higher urltUilmn to wholly deny her oxlHtonou, thun tho moro oHiwtuiuiy (Oontlnuud on pugu A). (Continued from page 3). ?-to 'out' the -ground from under the mystery, of the Incarnation which thoy desire to impugn. A clergyman . of the Protestant Ohurch who by enlightened study has laid aside his anti-Catholic prejudice and recognised the 'sublime dignity of the Blessed Virgin has published during the past few weeks a just, appreciation ,of ,this latest war waged at tho present day against the Mother of God. 'The Mother' of our Lord,' he says, 'is pronounced to be 'a fiction, in' order to supporb the charge that the Incarnation is a fiction. Hence the woman blessed above all women ; tho woman who has so sublimely ' exalted all womanhood ; the woman who has given an undying inspiration to art, song and history ; the women who has done more than all other women combined to elevate humanity ; tho woman who nursed the Babe of Bethlehem and stood by tho Cross of Calvary ; tho woman chosen , from eternity to bo the Mother of God's Son ; this incomparable woman, in the last analysis of infidel criticism, is simply a fictitious character. The attack upon Vmary is an attack upon the Bible and Christianity. They understand that a supernatural child calls for a supernatural mother, and their war is with tho supernatural. They intend to free the world of the supernatural as so much superstition. To rid themselves of a supernatural Christ-child they repudiate the Virgin. Yet Mary remains to-day, in the face of false criticism, with its allies the- infidel and scandal-monger. Mary forms the indestructible foundation of the Divine Incarnation, and all Christians who have the honour of sacred truth at heart and venerate Holy Scripture should be made sensible of tho fact that the object in seek- ing to debase Mary is to dethrone the Son of God.' But it may bo asked, can we produce authentio instances of the .Blessed Virgin pleading in our behalf, and by her inter cession obtaining tho favours that were sought? There are but few among the faithful who may not) refer to their own conscience and experience to justify their, appeal to her intercession. Wo may interrogate the' Gospel itself to set this matter in its true light. i'ou are all familiar with the Gospel narrative of the first great miracle of our Saviour. I will ask you to come with me in spirit to the little village of Cana, situ ated as it is a few miles from Nazareth and overlooking a smiling valley that stretches onwards towards tho lake of, Galileo. A marriage foaub 'is being celebrated there which may ba regarded as a typo or figure of tho marriage supper of tho Lamb, The, Blessed 'Virgin and tho Disciples are there, and tho Redeemer hinself has come to impart to the marriage ceremony, through out all time, his sanction and his blessing. The festive hall, as usual with tho Jews, was profusely adorned, and mirth and glad ness resounded on every side. But there is a pause, and it seems as if a shadow would' come over the joyous scene. The, Blessed Virgin has learned tho cause of anxiety, and she whispers to her Divine Son, 'They ' have no wine.' It is in a spirit of absolute confidence in His power and mercy that she has breathed the silent prayer. Quiokoned by filial love, our Saviour replies in a Hebrew form of expression equivalent to the gentle remonstrance', 'Why dost them ask me this 5 my .hour is not yet come.' But the Blessed Virgin well knows that, her prayer has not boon made in vain. She instructs the servants to do whatever tho 'Redeemer will command, Ho tells them to fill the large water- vessels that) were at hand according to J(ovvitih usago, and they filled them to the brim, A* His blessing tho water was instantly changed into wine, as has boon so sweetly aaicl, ' The conscious ?water saw its God and blushed.' Nor was this ordinary wino, but presiding hosts wore able to rojoioo in that a prooious gift had boon given to crown thoir feast with joy, Such was the oiHoaoy of the silent prayer of tho Virgin Mothor, Tho Redeemer's time marked out for manifesting tho divine power by mirnclos was nob yet oomo, yet he at her petition performs' this stupendous miracle, It was the first public miracle performed by tho Redeemer, and it has been remarked that in a certain measure all tho subsequent manifestations -of His power in mercy and love were only tho unfolding .of this first miracle grunted to tho pray or .- of Mary, Tho Gospel adds that through this great miracle tho disciples believed in .Him. Truly at tho prayer of the Blessed Virgin the glory of God had been shown forth . in tho Redeemer's person, and His purpose, His mission and His work were now re vealed to men, Such was the fruitfulness of the Blessed Virgin's' prayer. 1 ';? Tina Bivioasnvcis of tub Vi iiciin, , I shall take one other instance from the history of tho early ages of tho, Church, Before the middle of the 3rd century a. \ision of the. Blessed Virgin was vouchsafed to the great ornament of the Eastern Church, St.- Gregory Thanmaturgus, renowned alike for his ardent piety and for his singular gift of miracles. Tho fact to which, I refer is re lated by another illustrious saint, St. Gregory of Nyssa. The great champion of orthodoxy, he says, was pondering on the truths of faith and especially on the sacred tenets which the heretics of those days sought to corrupt, 'and he fervently prayed to God to guide him in the course he should pursue, the better to refute error and to guard the doctrines of divine faith. Whilst thus in deepest anxiety, his thoughts were lifted up to Heaven, the Blessed Virgin ap peared to him ia vision and dictated a form of creed in which all the truths on which he 'pondered were distinctly and concisely set forth. Henceforth, writes St. Gregory of Nyssa, 'He preached in the Church accord ing to that form of faith, and bequeathed to posterity, as an inheritance, that heavenly teaching, by means of which His people arr instructed down to this day, being preserved from all heretical evil.' Thus did the Blessed Virgin and her pious client in his need, and thus did she at the same time confer a lasting blessing on His faithful fiook and on the whole Church. ) It is under tho title of ' Help of Christians,' that the Blessed Virgin is patron of this cathedral and of the whole Australian church. May I not, then, recall two special manifestations of Divine 'power through her intercession, which merited for her that glorious title. The first was when the threatened dangers to- Christendom wore averted by the great victory at Le panto in the year 1571. Tho Turkish power was then at its zenith. Flushed with a long series of victories its armies were reckoned well nigh invincible, and the Sultan Selim made it his boast that the time was come when he would feed his horses at the high altars of St. Peter's. It M'aa, preparatory for this result that an im mense fleet was organised thus to secure the the mastery at sea, and the fall of Cyprus at this very time and the wholesale massacre of its citizens soonu-d . to fore shadow tho fate of Italy and Rome, St. Pius V. wns at this time Pope. He left nothing undone to organise a fleet under the command of .Don John oE Austria, but his chief reliance was on the prayers of tho faithful. Tho Rosary was recited in all tho ohut'chos of Rome throughout Christendom ; tho faithful wore exhoited by penance to appease God's wrath, and the Blessed Virgin was everywhere invoked that by her intercession victory would attend the' arms of Christendom in the approaching struggle, Tho Christian lloet mustered about 200 galleys with' 30 other vessels and 26,000 troops. 'J.'he Turkish fleet was far superior both in ships and ttoupn, numbering more than 300 galleys with a proportionate army of their best boldiors j and so confident was the 'Sultan of success that the one instruo tion he gave the Admiral in command was to oapture the whole Christian fleet without delay and bring it to the Golden Horn. It wus on Sunday, tho 7th of October, that tho fleets met in the Gulp of Lepanto. The vlotory of the Christian arms was complete, and it has boen justly remarked, that 'in. so far as the Moslem power at sea was con cerned it was sunk for over in the wators of Lopanto, One hundred and hi -verity Turkish galleys wore captured ; 100 others wero sunk or driven on shore ; 23,000 of their .soldiers were slain, and .1.5,000 Ohristian slaves were set at liberty. The total loss of the Chris tjanB was a dozen galleys that were sunk, and about 8,000 men who wore either Blain in conflict or died of tliolr wounds. At tho decisive moment tho XJontiff praying in his oratory in Rome was favored with a vision of the Ohristian triumph, and he at once summoned his household to intone with him tho ' Te Deum ' in thanksgiving. The in tercession of tho Blessed Virgin had obtained thia viotory, and the faithful in thanksgiving joyfully saluted her as- the Help of Christians, ?. JfiUBOPffl WAS JfOH BVMK SAVMD. FROM TuxiKisu; Rulm. ? „ ^ A hundred years later tho seoond event occurred, on aocount of which tho Ohuroh had saluted the Blessed Virgin under that sweet title, It ia no longer by srnv, but by land that the Moslem power will nook to subjugate Kuropo to its dominion. And the desolation that had fallen on the European kingdom* by religious wars and internecine strife, made the moment opportune for realising the lonw-plannod project. Belgrade waa already in Turkish hands; and Vienna was the only strong fortress that barred tho advance of the Moslem army. At Adrian oplo tho Sultan Mahomet reviewed his roops bent on conquest. Two hundred thousand men filed off beneath his throne, all chosen soldiers devoted to the mandates of his ambition. Five tributary sovereign princes with their retinues lent splendour to the scene, while 300 pieces of artillery closed the magnificent procession. In July, 1083, th:i.t army reputed invincible invested the city of Vienna. There was but a hand ful of troops mastered for the defence of tho city. Its' fall' was regarded as certain by both friends and foes. Countless multitudes flocked to tho besieging camp, to bo sharers in the plunder of tho dwoted city. The Moslem Commander was fully aware that famine and disease within the walls jjwero doing his work, and, tho better to secure a full share of the spoils, awaited its surrender rather, than take it by assault. In the meantime prayers were offered up in Rome and throughout the Christian world praying God through the intercession of the Blessed Virgin to avert this impending calami ty. But the last day was now oomo ; all rosist anoe was vain 5 there wero no longer men sufficient oven to keep guard on tho walls of the beleagured city. It was when all seemed lost that the sheen of the Polish Lancers was seen on the heights of Calemberg that overlooked the Moslem camp. Sobieski, by foroed marohes, had led a small army of 20,000 men across the mountains that the Moslem looked upon as impassable, and he was there re-inforced by some German troops. The whole Turkish army was at ? onoe marshalled in battle array, and the invinoible banner of the Prophet was un furled. Nothing, however, could withstand tho Polish onset. The Prophet's banner was soon oaptured More than 100,000 were reokoned among the slain in the camp and on the battle-fiold, and of all the brilliant array that set out from Adrianople to subju gate all Europe to tho Moslem sway, only a handful of refugees found their way back to the Turkish frontier. Vienna was relieved 5 Europe was for over saved from Turkish rule ; the world resounded with the praises of Sobieski, but the hearts of the faithful rejoiced to' offer their tributes of-, thanks* giving to the Blessed Virgin, whose inter cession thoy had invoked, and to whom as a, perpetual suooour in their extreme need was now deoreed tho glorious title of Help of Christians, All this Honouk Shown to Tina ViiiaiN , Rmdounds to '.iMua Mos'j? Hxa.11;, It only remains that I would refer, to an accusation that is sometimes made by those who am not of the Catholic fold in their efforts to stir up prejudice against our tri butes of honour and devotion to the Blessed Virgin, Suoh devotion, they say, derogates to the homage and adoration duo to the Creator. Now it is difficult to conceive an accusation more absurd in itself, or more' repugnant to Christian feoliug than this. All the honour that is shown to the Blessed Virgin redounds to the glory of tho Most High, She herself proclaims in her inspired canticle, ' My soul doth magnify the Lord, and my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour. For behold, from honooforth all generations shall call me blessed*' Can the architect regard as an insult ofT'arod to him tho praise that is given to the tornplo which his genius has 'erected. Tho living temple of Mary's heart, with its radiance ,of heavenly light and its manifold adornments, is tho work of tho Djvino Architect giving glory to Him, and showing forth His power and wisdom. Can the material sun be joalous of the boautooua tint of the lily or the rich fragranoe of the ? rofto, the fruit of his beneficent rays. The eurth with all its varied beauty, the, ocean in its vast expanse, tho Btarry firmament in itw brilliaub array, all show forth the Creator's glory: ' Ooeli enarraut glori-im Dei.'' But whit is nil this com pared to tho spiritual comeliness of oven one of His saints, adorned with virtues pur ohased by the precious blood of the Lamb :' 'God is wonderful in His Saints.'1' Bub horo, again, what is the array of tho sanctity of tho Saints compared to tho splendour of holiness with which Mary is onrichec}, tho queen of all Saints. WelL may she roeoutit' tho. manifold gifts and ?privileges she has received : ' Ho that is mighty hath done great things to me, and holy, is his name.' She is our tainted, nature's solitary boast ; and so far as accidental glory can redound to tho Creator from the work of His hands, tho tribute offered by her surpassed that of all other more creatures. Such is the Virgin Mother of God, such is our Oatholio devotion to her. I may conclude with the words, which a true client of Mary, tho late Cardinal Newman, in the full fervour of his soul, addressed to her: ''Such art thou, Holy Mothor, in tho oreed and in the worship of the Ohuroh, the defence of many truths, tho. g^'aoo and smiling- light ..of every devotion. , In theo, O Mary, is fulfilled, as we can bear it, an original purpose of tho Most High. Ho once had meant to oomo on earth in heavenly glory, but we sinned j and thon Ho could not safely visit us, ex cept with shrouded radiance and a be dimmed majesty, for Ho was God. So He oaine Himself in weakness, not in power} and He sent thee a creature in His stead, with a oreaturo's ooinolinoBH and lustre suited to our state. And now thy very face and form, dear Mother, speak to us of the Etornal ; not like earthly beauty, dangerous to look upon, but like tho morning star, whioh is' thy emblem, bright and musical, breathing purity, tolling of hoavon, and in fusing peace. 0 harbinger of clay 1 O hope of .the. pilgrim J lead us still as thou hast led ; in tho dark night, aoross tho bleak wilderness, guide us 011 to our Lord Josus, guide us home.' May this blessing of the . Redeemer's love bo granted to all of us, In ' tho name of the Father, of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. . ..Beauty is nob an accident of things j it pertains to their ousonoo j it) porvados the wide range of oroation ; and, whorover it 1b. impaired or banished, wo havo in this faot the; proof of the mo ml disorder whioh dis tracts the world, Reject, thoroforo, the false philosophy of thaso who will ask what does it matter, provided a thing be useful, whether it bo beautiful or not. i The principle of education is to dovolop the man himeolf, heart, mind and body, ana pub hie powers bo their proper uao, Educa tion is to enlarge tho soul, It is to toachtis how to llvo j ib is to give us tho groat facts of life, and show uh. tho 'true prinolplo of life, and open to us tho true goal of Hfo, A oompleto education is something mord than an accomplishment. It fits for actual life. 