COMPI'BTE STORY. [published BT SPECIAL ARRANOniCEKT.J MRS. H. H. PENROSE. [corTniGirr ] RED Bingham and his brother-in-law, Dr Gard ner, were spending :i glorious January in tlic j neighbourhood of Klines-1 ville. I They had come to uuy ! land, anu they had re- j maiued to huut, under; the snperintondcue.* of two j crackers whom • they had hired j to initiate them in the mysteries 1 of the woods. They pitched a i tent on the south side of Lake! Lena, to which they returned J nightly, starting on their hunt- j insr every morning before sun- j rise, while there wiw still somewhat of that nip in the air which will make itself foil in th* nights of even a warm Florida winter. Jake West and Hiram Wood were enjoying . themselves. Hunting- arid camping out wen* tbo fim»t kinds of diver.don they knew :my : thing about, and to lw paid for doing these things by a couple of green Britishers was a piece of luck that did not often conic in their way. They were determined to make ihe most of it while it lasted, and the longer it lasted tho better. Therefore they were uot altogether sorry to find the deer scarce and shy, for they guessed shrewdly enough that the •demiine junatio with whom they had to do would never consent break up camp until they had secured a back's akin or two which might bo carried in triumph to the settlement. For three days they saw nothing to shoot but squirrels and quails; and on the fourth day Fred Bingham disgraced himself and ail belonging-"to him by allowing himself to fall into that pitiable condition of mental and physical derangement known to hunters as I "buck ague." [ Tbo party nai maac an cany start as usual, and had not tramped a railo before they sighted a group of graceful, starred creature*, standing still for a breathless moment to gare at the intruders before trusting their >wiftness tocarrrthtin out of danger. The crackers imitated their caution, and the doctor, with nerves professionally steadied, behaved him self excellently for a beginner j but the excitement was too much for the Kid, as Fred was commonly called by a ^ disrespectful family circle. Buck ague seized ban: he cropped his rifle, und shoutttl to his sileut companions, at the top of bis voice : •4 Look at the deer! Look at the deer P' By that tme the deor understood the situation rather better than anyone else, und vrere off for the wild woods without waiting for a longer interview. The crackers swore steadily nnd together for ten minutes, without pau-es or repetitions; the person who had done ail the mischief picked op his rifle, look ing very foolish—a sadder, if not u much wiser kid; and the doctor had the satisfaction of laughing at him uutil laughter becarfte monotonous. It was a day of unmixed iti-luck; and in disgust at the perversity of things, they turned back towards the camp earlier than usual. The doctor had lamed himself with a pricklypear. aud the Kid walked slowly by reason of the lowness of his spirits; but the crackers, always as fresh as paint nt the end of a day, swung along at a fino pace, and encouraged their lagging employers. " I reckon there's considerable of the hoss about me," Jake West remarked. "The road home always seems the shortest, and I kin go evetlastiu'Iy onco 1 git wind o* feed an' bedding." • "That'sso," Hiram Woodiigrced; 44'ccpt jou happen to bo drivirp an ox team. Nothing makes auy ditfercuco then." 44 Why?" asked tho doctor, who yearned for information on all subjects. ^ "Wab you sec," said Iliram, "it's an j cmpl'yraent that inukes u • man sort o' | desperate. Ton don't kecr what happens j you in this world or the next while you're at! it. I used to do considerable of it myself before I got religion; but when I-became a church member, I found that I was jest obliged to quit them oxco." "I don't seo the connection," soil the doctor. 4 44 There warn't no connection," Hiram answered, solemnly. "That was jest tho trouble. To move an ox that don't waut to move, it.takes lauguuge that would make an or nary man's hair rise, an* stay riz for tweuty-four hours, which is a kind of behaviour that don't lit in along with church membership. I had to choose bctweeu religion, an' tho team: an' being sorter anxious about my soul at tho time, I con *° Quit the team. That's clear, ain't "Quito dear," said tho doctor. 44You fpoko just in timo to prevent mo from saying soraothiug strong about that confounded prickly pear. I don't bclicvo I shall bo able to walk to-morrow." "Then I'll go out alone," said tho Kid, making a dcap-rato resolution to retrieve his 2?ur or in the attempt. Tho crackers grinned, and said nothing to Qissuauo him. and ho relapsed into uuother Jpng wlcnco; but that night, when they had urmhed supper, aud were all sitting round the great camp fire, built rather for cheerful ness than warmth, his spirits roeo a little, and he allowed the doctor to chnff him about tho growth of his moustache without any resentment; he even chaffed himself. " I kuow it's growing," he said. "I have to wipo it now every timo I drink." "Kvcr uhc bear's greas.*?" mid Hiram Wood, gravely. "There's a fellow up in the settlement, that's grcusin' an' smearm' hiVu for all he's worth, and ho hain't got it up to the size o* yours vet." "No," slid the Kid, with an affectation of great seriousness ; the progress of miucisdue to uuturo alone. But I have heard that there is much virtue iu the grease of a 'coon. Is j it true?" "It. l;on that's so," Jake West, answered. " hut it wouMu't have been worth while to kill a 'coon jest here, not to bring up the biggest crop o' hair that ever grew on a man's face.". I " Why not?" asked the Kid. I " Wal," said Hiram. "he went too fur in | savin' a 'coon, which ain't in a strict wayo* ! speakin' what you call an eatable animal ; an* the story Jake hev in his mind onlv .■ conEarn* beasts an' birds that are iittcn for food." "But what is tbc story?" the Kid 'inquired, lookinj from one to the other, j " Are the eroatnres poisonous hereabouts? i Wc have been eating a good many of them, | and are none the worse for it." j Hiram shook his head, and smiled an ominous and ghastly smile. " It ain't a question of pizeti," lie said. " An' it ain't no harm to eat creatures here so long's you don't leave none o' their flesh remainin*. We've never had enough. t.» spare for that in this ycr camp, an' I re-.kon it's a provident we "got no cccr for that sjme reason. So, th-re's nothing about pizt-u; but there's a r-tory " " WcV, well." said the Kid, waxing impatient, sifter the manner of the young : "let's have it." " You mightn't like it so well when you hear it: because." said Jak»s dropping his voice to a sepulchral wh:*pcr, •* it's right under the tent—about the spot where you ruede ronr beds o* niirht.-." " What is ? The storv ?" " No," said Jake. " Th" grave." The doctor was enjoying himself silently : and his ryes twinkled us be caught a smothered swear word before the Kid inquired, 11 "Whose grave?" * "A murdered man's," answered Hiram, solemnly. "Lively?" said the Kid. " Only sometimes." said Hiram. " Mostly he stays quiet enough: but when there*. fresh-killed game left around at night he irit* powerful restless. You see, he died wantin' nis supper. He'd bev bad venison steak* thut night if he'd lircd : an* so the «*mcll o* fresh game sorter rises Ids dander still, an' he feels bound to git at it when it's thar." Tlie doctor chuckled, and the Kid laughed : but the night was dark, Hud there was a ring of uneasiness in his mirth. It happened five years ago," Hiram wetit 44 Steve Durranco an* nnother man wur out huntin' together, an' they had a quor'l over the dawgs, or soraethin' sim'Iar, an' the other .man stock his knifn into Steve, an* buried him thar, as it might be whar your bed lies, at the west end o* the tent. I lenow the spot *ure cnouuh." "And who saw him afterwards?" asked the Kid, with a superior and incredulous smile. 44 Morc'n one huntin* party that wur ratuped near hy," said Jake. "I know a man that seen him with his own eyes. There was a deer hung up to this ver small oak beside the tent; an'the man I know w«k up in the night, an' seen Steve rise up our of his grave, with a huntin' knife sriekin' between his ribs, an' go over to the deer, an* cut off the back strop' with that same knife An' in the morniu* the grave wa* quiet and hard us ever, and thar was uo sign o' Steve, only footprint* around the cecr—an* the oack strop had gone to stay." • *4 You don't suppo e," said the Kid, with a siiglit sneer which his little bit of flaxen down wAs hardly sufficient to hide,44 that one o? ih--- party miitht have got hungry in the ufcht, and* thought of securing the best bit of the doer for a private supper." 44 D.) livin* men go pokiu* around with huutin' knives stuck in their ribs?" asked Hiram disdainfully. "The knife miuht have been an optical deludou " the Kid sugircsted, and glauced at the doctor fur confirmation of his ideas. 44 Possibly your friend had something i strong to wash down his own rightful supper, j s mieht have been onlv half awake. I or he Why uon't you say he was asleep, an' dreamt it ?'* inquired Jake, with fine sarcasm. "'That would certainly be the most natural tninj? to suppose.*' answered the Kid readilv euough, 44only for tho disappearance of the yenUon. A dream could not hare dcroared it any more than a ghost." Bur the doctor, who could notj.be beguiled into giving an opinion, only continued to grin, and presently moved an adjournment to bodf whither the Kid went bravely, disdaining to move his blankets a quarter of au inch from their accustomed place. Hes ept Mjundly enough, nud the next mnruing he went out alone with dogged determination to make up for past failures, and bent on snow ing the men how little he cared for their grisly horrors. They laughed a good deal between themselves, but their flippant triumph did not la.«t long. The sun was high in the heavens when the Kid appeared, hot and breathless, trailing from his shoulders t|te carcase of a tine young doe. He said he had shot it ton miles off. and repeated the statement many times during the day : but no one believed him. for they knew perfectly well that he could not have carried it a mile to save his life. ^With great ostentation, and many glances direct* u towaids the men, he hung it upon the very tree that had figured in the story: and then, as a proof of his highly developed sporting qualities, set about breaking bis fust without washing hU hands. He was so tired that ho would have liked to lie down, and go to sleep fur the rest of the day: but he had no intcntiou of giving himself away so cheaply as that, so he volunteered to help the doctor, who was limping inside the tent, 'tying to reduce things to a semblance of order. •• Tou are only in the way." growled the doctor, naturally re-enting the luck which : had given all to the Kid who did not deserve I it, and nothing to him who did. 44 I'd get i on muck better without you." J 44 You're jealous of course." said the Kid ; i44 but if I dou't make quite such a smart ' housemaid as you in spite of your prickly ! pear, you tnnst remember that I have just I walked ton miles, carrying :i heavy load." j 44 Ten grandmothers, carrying a fldtlle | stick." retorted the doctor, i 44 Ten miles," repeated the Kid. with au ! air of steady adherence to the fact. | But at this point he found himself ! threatened with a tin of preserved meat, and. knowing tho strength and length of his I athletic hrotlier-in-iaw's arm, took refuge : outside the tent, and did not allude to his ! ten-mile walk more than a dozen times in the ; next hour. I La'er on the doctor skinned the deer, and the Kid .inspected proceedings with more swagger tiuin was actually necessary, giving orders that no meat should be cut from it until tho next day, so that they might be ;sure lo have it tender. Accordingly West | and Wood went to tho lake, and caught half a-dozen bass, which made a fairly good ; supper, but were as nothing to men whose 1 souls loved savoury meat anil longed for it. ( It was with deep thankfulness the Kid felt | that he could at last retire to rest with honour; and in two minutes, after he had wrapped himself iu his blankets his com panions were made aware that ho was sleep ing soundly, and recognised the fact that there was little chance of rest for themselves while that hideous uproar continued. Bnt they had soft hearts, and pitied bis youth, to they forebore to do more than turn him over on his other side, which if it hud not altogether the desired effect, at least made matters a little more endurable. He might Imvo continued in this uncon sciously blissful state of rest for three or fottr hours, when he was suddenly disturbed by sounds and movements under his bed of so ecrio a nature that he felt his flesh creep and his hair stand on end merely at thought of the horror they suggested. Presently he saw an awful form creep forth as though from beside him. and move steadily towards the entrance of the tent, which he could see ir3m where ho lay, gasping, and bathed in cold perspiration. With a mighty clfort he controlled his trembling limbs sufficiently to insist on their carrying him in pursuit; and, having made fits exit, found the world without bathed in a mysterious light which, in the absence of the moon, displayed every object clearly to his fascinated gaze. There was the tree; there was the deer; and, advancing towards it slowly, there was that dread figure which bad crept from its grave beneath his bed a few minutes before. There, also, was the hati ting-knife, long and murderous, sticking between the ghostly ribs; ghostly blood dripped from the wound; and presently a ghostly hand, seizing the handle, drew forth the knife—a deep groan follow ing—and brandished it over the raw venieon. A sadden courage filled, the bosom of the Kid—a brave determination that neither man nor devil should help himself to that venison vithour asking leave of the lawful owner; and with a choking cry of "Stop, thief!" he hurled himself forward, grasping wildly at the knife—at the murdered man—at the empty air. It was a cry to curdle the blood in the stoutest heart; and in another minute the doctor and the two crackers were on the -cene" But they were depending on one lantern among them, for no mysterious light shone for their guidance, and it was not without considerable groping and stumbling that they finally discovered the Kid, pros trate beside his spoil, and looking more youthful than ever in his night gear. They rook him up tenderly. He made one more gurgling effort at speech, and then relapsed into snoring rnpared with which his former feats iu tha. line bid been but dovelike murmuring-. So was he borne, limp and unresisting, back to his haunted bed in the tent; and the doctor, who for i obvious reasons could sleep no more, sat np ' until the small hours, making notes for a treatise on nightmare, and speculating on the possible effects of bass fried in bacon fat, followed by a whole tin of preserved peaches. There is a rosary in the British IToseara nude of the vertebra of a snake's backbone. Another is composed of rats* teeth 