THE SPARE BEDROOM. Rooms that are uninhabited for any length of time become kind of ghostly, and the stranger entering them leeks ionely, particularly in the spare bedroom where he or she is left entirely alone for the night. The Wiills are damp and cold, even in mid summer, tile bed-clothing is damp and chilly, yes, even musty—spiders have spun their webs in the corners, and there is no place under the sun more cheerless, unin viting, lonely, and even dangerous to the guest than this very same spare bedrooon, dangerous because one is liable to contract a heavy cold, which might culminate in pneumonia, because of sleeping in a damp mom between damp sheets and under damp covers. Any room kept closely shut up must- of necessity become chilly and damp, and the prospect of sleeping in such a room would chill the heart and soul of the most buoy : lit. A loom that has for a long time re niaineduninhabitcd becomes kind of un canny, and gives one the feeling that it is a place where ghosts walk, and since most people are afraid of ghosts it is not very pleasant to be placed in a. room where, per chance, they have had full swing for a length of time, and therefore repel your intrusion. A; least the hostess might op?n the blinds, throw open the windows, ana let the fresh air and sunlight into the room for a few days before the guests arrive in summer time, and see that the bed-covering is tho roughly aired and dried. And in winter time the room should be thoroughly aired, a lire kept going in the room for at least a few days before the arrival of guests, thus removing all dampness from the walls and bedding. This will give to the room an ap pearance of habitation, which is refreshing to 1.11e guest. Js it not a mistaken idea, to have any room in the house that is too nice for us to use? lint her let us turn every room in tiie house into immediate and continuous use, and if a guest; arrives we can easily double up a little, and still be comfortable, and put the guest into a bright cheery room, bstiay ing on every band signs of recent habita tion, and being cheery and bright hecauee of this. All needful toilet articles should be placed in t.lie room. A generous supply of |jap, water, and towels, and in the winter-time plenty of covering to keep warn', and then if the guest does not sleep peacefully and well, it is, at least, not the fault of the hos tess. 