The Re-lay of the Loch Torridon. (For the Wyalong Star). FAST VOYAGE BY A BARQUE. A REMARKABLY fast voyage from London to Sydney has just been completed by the well known four- masted barque Loch Torridon, the time occupied between the two ports being seventy-two days and fifteen hours. This constitutes the quickest pas senger by a sailer from London for many years past, and is somewhat reminiscent of the splendid feats of sailing by some of the old clippers of by- gone year.— Argus. "There's men who ha' o'ercome Despair, There's men who ha' spake o' Hope. There's men who ha' ta'en the han' 0' Fate, Or towed to the De'il's rope. But few be the man o' the lightsome heart To wade through Sorrow an' Shame, An' whustle their breath i' the face o' Death, An' win to their way o' Fame!" O, many the barque that leaves the Thames To sail for foreign seas In fortune's search, and priceless gems ; But ever as each the tide she-stems, There's a waving of hands and handkerchief hems, And a wail goes up on the breeze. But this is the lay of a goodly barque That sailed for Australia's strand. All silently girded this ghost -like ark ; Aye, stripp'd of canvas, a phantom stark. No wail was heard in the gruesome dark, No handkerchief waved from the land. The captain he paced on his bridge-high deck, As all good captains do. He gargled a dram in his blistering neck, As he laughed his laugh with a care less reek, And they breasted the Channel's blue. Now never a breeze set wave astir Since the Torridon left her port, And yet she scudded with poles so bare That caused each mariner's eye to stare, And mutter his favourite oath or prayer, And plunge him in depthless thought. But the captain he smiled, and he still paced on, And quietly sucked his dram; And his lips would quiver, "By San-der-son, It's a record trip for the Torridon .'' And be laughed till they swore his sense was gone, And he ate but a deep-sea yam. Now seventy-two were the numbered days As snicked on the great mainmast; And the Torridon, skirting the shoaling bays. Skipp'd in 'twixt the dark and the red-dawn haze, And the Sydney sun was a fiery blaze, When her anchor at length was cast. Now the mariners broke from their haunted ship, And spread them over the lands, And spake the tale with trembling lip, How, cleaving the waves she'd roar and rip, Divested of canvas— ay, every strip — How, every time that her bows would dip The captain would clap his hands. And never a bushman from East or West, From North or South of the line, But his dreams are sad and his heart oppress'd, For he hides a sorrow within his breast — The Torridon's tale that he can't digest, When she clave the sparkling brine. But the Cobb & Co.'s of the Queensland side, And the teamsters out on the Bland, Have told, ere the campfire dimmed and died, How relays of dolphins stemmed the tide. Churning the sea-foam far and wide, Till the tug-chains rang and the bars were tried ; So winning the Torridoa fame and pride, They galloped her safe to land. There's men who ha' o'ercome Despair, There's men who ha' spake o' Hope. There's men who ha' ta'en the han' 0' Fate, Or towed to the De'il's rope. But few be the man o' the lightsome heart To wade through Sorrow an' Shame, An' whustle their breath i' the face o' Death, An' win to their way of fame ! — " Merungle." 