Law Rlelatilg to Newspapers. 1\. Subscribers who do not give express notice to the contrary, are considered as wishing to continue their subscription. 2\. If subscribers order the discontinu ance of their periodicals, the publisher may continue to send them until arrears are paid. ',. If subscribers refuse or neglect to take periodicals from the office to which they are directed, they are held responsible until they have settled their bills, and ordered the periodical:; to be discontinued. 4\. If subscribers move to other places without informing publishers, und the papers are sent to their former direction, the subscribers are responsible. 5\. The courts have decided that "re fusing to take periodicals from the office or removing or leaving them uncalled. for is prima facie eviilence of intentional fraud." 6\. If subscribers pay in advance for periodicals, they are bound to give notice to the publisher, at the end of the time, that they do not wish to continue taking it, otherwise the publisher is authorised to send on, and the subscriber will be respon sible until an express notice, and payment of arrears, are sent to the publisher. 7\. Any person who receives a newspaper and makes use of it, whether lie has ordered it or not, is held in law to be a subscriber. Charles Lever used to tell a very goodistrorybofa"botel do estic, a?story which, contrary to- his'. usual custonm, he never made use of in, any of, his novels. During a visit to Mayo he stayed for a time atthe Sound Hotel, Aciill' As a woman brought iii the teapot lier ihand shook violently, and Lever, noticing . the infirmity, said- ° I'im sorry to see, Biddy, that your have a 'weakness in your hand." " Faix, yerhioniner," said the domestic, ' yoiu'll soon tind it isn't in my hland the weakness is, hut inside, in the tay pot l'", And sure enough the decoction in ithe teapot was not remarkable for its strength. Ye Beiddy,i said Leveri sulaseq?iently, the tea was de cidedly pale . How was that '' " Oh,. thii I?, don't knowi yer honner," re plied Biddy, f" except it saw a ghost !" ChiImaniien are remarkeaible for their tter ifreedolo froili nervousniiess. No matter how nuch thiey; xert theni selves t1hey always remain phlegmatic, amid thi yi! aepn any rherae in any positid?:n and i .surrounded b ,y ,any amount of noise. 