lEUDOH EEMDUSCEWCES. : By "RODERICK." I ' , LADIES TROPHIl|£S. , boomingof the LadiJa' Bracelet by Hie Emdori Harriers' exeftzBive -execu tive revokes old-time rocollefttions. The brin&l; idea of tbe bracelet business ftmflPfttefl, if my memory i» in working jOraeri from tbe fertile braiiMi of tbe late IMr. N. R. D. Bond, wbo was! also respon sible for the creation of tlftai boon to Jttckers, the numbered eaddle%cloth. m ' ' Glad- Tidings was - one oft the first horses I remember winning tl»ta event — then called " the Ladies1 ibophjn "—about eighteen years back. Then, mile of ihe speediest sprinters X ever remelrubcr out here in The Ghost ran away »jLith the jewellery in 1888. Owned, by d pie late 1 "Teddy" Weekes, trained Commy jfcmep " (Mr. IsaacT, Carslake), notmiinated by Mrs. Sanderson, tbe wife of al Rich mond tailor, and bestridden by jw-obert Bfettv, this eld. rann horse, who wad; nnr.p owned by the late "Jack" ThoiMopson Joseph's brother), 'finished in front ILf the biggest field on record— so far aw my Waomg erudition extends—' 'forty- two® " X And such betting is rarely seen nomva- Iflays.1 "Ten to oneion the liclfj.'' Transferred'was Abe nominal favorite, alud lOO to 6 TheXrhost. X remember ilflLtj Ithere was bit of a bother subsequently 48 regards tbe "cutting up" of tbl? Stake, which, being a bracelet, tbe ladyl nominator naturally objected to, uutc?s\ ishe pot her fair nnt. nf tho nroirure vu/.n 1 pise.' Being the wife of a tailor, the JarJy jfi&turally; desired to have the cut jfactorUy adjusted. And she did. Those were the days when Thomas Hales, Michael O'Brien, Alick Robertson, Stirard Power, Richard Walker, Thuijj><? (Sanders, Joseph Gardner, Samuel Crack - pell, George Butiun, Robert Batty, and ? other well-known flat race riders were distinguishing themselves. Where are it1 r equals now? We have a lace of |«yiucu|eu wvjo llULUg IJUWUUttya , HIIU I although at the date of which I write, dfcteen or seventeen years back, tbe men to Whom I refer were a long way younger than they are to-day, how many light, (middle, or heavy weights do we see in Hie saddle nowadays up to the form of the old timers ? i. Disclaiming the slightest desire to make either this or the preceding par. in the slightest degree pessimistic, I would really like to challenge controversy on $his point. Are our present day horsemen, be tbey professional 'or amateur, up to the standard of, say, ten or twelve years back ? Surely the sorry exhibition of " 'witching the world with Wondrous horsemanship," vouchsafed us at Moonee Valley on Saturday last, illustrated my contention in this connec tion. The jockeyship of some of the pro-/ fessionals was bad ; the display oil the part of several of the Corinthian/s Was worse. Little Gargurevich, in afll hie glory, and with the curved spine of /a cyclist and the scat of a Sloan, wornld have fairly outridden most of the anjja teurs who disported themselves in tfbe Woodstock Jumpers' Flat Race. ( Where are the equals in the saddle fm the late nineties of the stars of the early eighties? Where nowadays can we look for the like of the gentlemen riders ivlioi figured in the pigskin eighteen or nice- ) teen years bade? How many of the execrable acrobats now riding with the Misters in front of their surnames are worthy of mention in the same breath with the Penders, the Wilsons, the Glasscocks, tbe Watsons, or with, say, the daddy of the lot, " Johnny " Inglis? » » However, we'll drop these lamentations for a while, and look back to the Ladies' Bracelets when Ladies Clarke and O'Logblen had nominations; when Dr. L. L. Smith, more juvenile to-day than he was a score of years back, had ilaidce of the Hills running ; and, still more re cently, when the late Mr. Jos. Duffett won his Bracelet with the aid of another vuvm (a eon oi nuniet mis rime; ; when Duenna — Amberite's dam — was distinguishing herself, and when the ancient setting plater, Hannibal, was flopping up unexpectedly. Always a popular event — particularly among the fairer sex — the Ladies' Trophy, eagerly sought after but never secured by a titled lady — Ladies O'Lohlcn, Clarke, Brassey, Holled-Smitli, Williams, and Madden have each ' in turn bad representatives engaged, but all have succumbed to animals nominated or owned by more plebian members of society, all of which, alas ! tends to RTfimnlifv tlm nwnrAfv nf lhr> nncifiiL axiom, to tbe effect that " On tho Turf —and under it — all men (and all women) are equal." And this reminds me that certain Corinthian or amateur horsemen have recently been refused permission to ride at Hunt Club meetings. Surely the infusion of a little fresh young blood would do no harm to the race"of amateurs at present displaying their prowess, or their lamentable lack of it, in the pigskin. I know of j one young gentleman extremely desirous of haying a ride in, say, a point-to-point Steeplechase ; but, up to date, tbe necessary permission has not been ac- oorded him.. In polo pony select contests the swell Corinthians of to-day are decidedly good— in their own class — hut iu public, either across country or on the flat, candor compels me to assert they are, with very iew exceptions, d d bid. ... The late owner oi Chesncy told me .at Moonee Valley on Saturday that he fears that bis chance of capturing that " monkey " (£500) tacked on to the purchase price as a contingency In the event of hie winning a race in, England is extremely remote. The son of Malua, alibough rescued from the shipwreck, was badly bruised and knocked about; -and will, I am sorry to bear, be practically useless on the racecourse, anyhow for a long while. At tbe stud, however, his services should prove almost as invaluable as the other shipwrecked tallion, Robinson Crusoe. , ' - - I have been favored with an inter view with an enthusiastic believe In " Brstems his own for choice— and, of bourse, it is Infallible. Mine own system, by tbe way, is slightly out of order Just now, a wee bit bilious, and that's why, probably, I look at all these Royal Roads to Fortune on the Turf with a jaundiced eye. They —the eystemttee— generally crop up at Cop time, but I must candidly confess thai we don't hear much of them nf- tersrards. I have tried all known and unknown methods of making money In the past, and have been a deplorable failure. For that reason I claim that I ii Qualified to advise other iuna- Ui. qs to the speediest fashion in svblcb- to go stone brpke. ; . Una Ami. who was introduced to me :kl (he Bull and Mouth Hotel yester- dav. Is a gentleman of French extrae- ition, who assures me that he nsa made !a special study of syspsjWiUOd L am equally confident that he is not bred .m the same lines as De Rougemonl, de course Is "Oouut Foseo." nnd bis pet method ot ring wffl probably be pubUshed m fu- .tiue Issues. I may mildly _meottqn right here that (he pobleman wiKt bab i deigned (o honor me with bis vtelt, andvoucbsafedto me-and me alone- ihtatSgence, b« P'oW »e ole in ibis conuecrion.anyhow.ior a nr go. But really, bis ideas as regards horse racing, and backing the aforesaid horses, and breaking the bookmakers, are feasible. . And that's all I can say In their fatos so far. 