D : ^^ _^ - ^ ^^afcaa*, ^ i . 7^^BKh*# * ^' **^ V ! ^~&t;^^*^r ? Short Story, A Case of Conscience. There were perhaps a score of people In the drawing-room .of SVestholme Towers. The assemblage Included, among others, young Radson, of the Guards, for whom 1 had conceived a vast partiality ; Wallace Lewin, known to me years ago, when he was consul at Jaffa ; Mr. Can nan, the owner of the demesne adjoin ing my cousin Tom's ; and Mr. Cannon's winsome daughter, Dorothy.. Miss Caiman sat at the piano, while Tom, under pretext of turning over her music, stood close beside her, all plea \- saw try and courtesy. Tom— tall and well-built— showed at his best that evening — I noted it with £ali in my heart ; and his jovial face was abeam Avith smiles. His diligent attendance on Dorothy Omuaii had been decidedly more pro nounced of late, lending colour to the rumour then current to the effect that be and she were to make a match of it. From my seat in the embrasure of the window, with bitterness and envy rauk !iug in my breast, J watched them. Strive as I might— and 1 detested myself :f«»i- harbouring the abject fancy— I could inn help thinking of the consequences their union would entail upon me and my expectations. .'His life iMJly is between me and eight thousand a year,' I soliloquised fretfully- ' If lie marries— faugli ! there's an end of my prospects. Not ?only that, his marriage will rob me of her whom I love as my life — more than my honour. Lose Dorothy ! I cannot bear to think of it' My nerves were strained to their ut ?niost tension that night. I felt uu wontedly irritable and revengeful as I pictured the misery which the near future had in store for me. . And while I brooded thus darkly, I seemed to hear a voice — the Evil One's, surely — ever and anon whisper encourag ingly into my ear. *' Only his life— only his life !' Thankful enough was I when Lieu tenant liadson and Mr. Lewin, crossing tne lloor, broke in upon my churlish ?reverie. ' What, moping alone ?' cried the lieu tenant, cheerily. ' This will never «lo ! Cheer up, old chap. You seem out of eorts to-day.' '* Yes.*' said 'L. wiping my brow. ' My hi ad feels bad— it's the hot room, I think.' 'WelL come out with us into the ?library,' young Radson went on. 'Stay, -though ! Lewin has just told me that you possess a museum of your owu — -that is, a collection of bric-a-brac, silver ornaments and gew-gaws that you brought with you from the East- What do you say to displaying them to us both ? I should greatly relish seeing iliem.' Upstairs 'we went to my dressing room — which adjoined my bedroom — where stood the obloug marqueterie table on which the articles were ranged. They consisted of various silver knick tnacks of Indian filagree-work which I had picked up in Bombay a ywar before, with other bizarre samples of Oriental -workmanship which had chanced to take any Cancy. ' Yerv interesting.' said youug llad son. stifling a yawn, in the midst of my panegyrics. 'Shall we go downstairs /again ? I near Tom singiug.' ' Half -a- moment,' 1 interposinl. 'You ^haven't examined this yet.' So saying, I picked up what I vainly imagined to be the gem of my odd col l«fctlon— an elaborately carved ivory -sheath, in which reposed a no less artis tic Malay kriss. The steel of the razor-odged weapon -was fantastically inlaid with silver, and 4t pt-ssessed some sort of historic value in haviug once been owned by the noto rious dacoit, Lai Mangas. The sheath 'I handed to the lieutenant, while Lewin stretched out his hand for the keen, ?curved blade. ' Very pretty, indeed,' commented Hudson. 'Worth something, that, I .suppose ?' Meanwhile, Lewin ran bis finger along -the edge of the kriss, a subtle smile upon bis face. Then, as if seized with a sudden thought, he struck a tragic attitude, lifting the knife high above his head. ?* Ha, ha !' he cried, aping the ortho dox; transpontine villain. ' It's his life or mine I Shall I strike ? Ha, ha !' Badspn latighed hugely at the ex consul's ludicrous posture, a laugh in .which IjewinJpaself presently joined, j Then -the .fcriss was once more placed ] snugly in its isheatu. and we returned , to the drawing-room. i By this ^ine my cousin had dragg'^d j tdBiself from Dorothy's side, hvinvr nov '?? seated in close converse witn uer ratner. Thenceforward, to my mind, try; as I1 might to win her attention, she appeared .woefully reticent Several times I caught her -eyes roam ing in Tom's direction, and 'the soul of . me waxed wroth at the Inference I could, not avoid drawing. And- at one time I thought she cared for me— thought she knew I «ired for her. At that moment the voice smote my. ears again with its insinuating home thrust — ' Only his life— only his life !' When the hour arrived for Mr. Caiman and his daughter to start for home. I ' escorted Dorothy to the carriage, Tom following at some little distance behind with her father. The pressure of her soft palm still lingered in my hand when I went up to my room for the night. Once again. like muttered thunder in my ears, there rose the reiterated . phrase — ' Only his life— his life !' IL After a wild tossing about on my bed, harassed and feverish, at length I dozed off. Was it a dream I dreamed then— a horrible, torturing nightmare ? With all the strength that is in me I pray that such a dream may never again fall to my lot. Iu the dead of night: I thought that an invisible, irresistible energy clutched bold of mo. impelling me. helpless nsraiiist its mandates, to deeds full of darkness, ingratitude, and treachery. Tn obedience to its behests. I dreamed that I. rose from my bed, stole furtively Into my dressing-room, and there took the ugly kriss -from its scabbard : I dis tinctly recollect -that I chuckled softly —oh, -the horror of it !— as T saw the glint of the steel in thp moonlight. Then. I knew not how. I found myself gliding cautiously into my cousin's room, across the thick carpet to the side of his bed. A swift, strong blow, deep Into his heart and ft. was done ; A cry — hoarse fnd appallinc— broke ih«? stillness of th» n'jrht. and this 11 was, I suppose, that wakened me. I eat up In bed shuddering. Merciful powers I it was no dream' ! The long drawn, wail of mortal agony still rang upon the air. It came from the adjoin ing room— that of my cousin Tom. A cold sweat pouring out all over me, I blindly crept into my dressing-room and struck a light Yes, it was no dream. The deadly kriss, lying bare and bloodstained on the little table con victed me. . As I snatched it up again, to iraze aghast at its gory edge, the muiJed groan once more struck upon my ears. Still retaining the weapon in my grasp, I darted out into the corridor. I saw the flicker of half- a-dozen candles, as, roused by the outcries, the inmates of the house hurried, panic stricken, to the spot With the ap pearance of the lights, Tom raised him self upon his elbow, stretched his arm towards- me as if in denunciation, and j then fell back— dead ! ? - ! I have a dim vision of paled, awed . faces around me, looking at me half- ! compassionately, half-loathingly ; I saw the fearful gash in Tom's breast, from ! which the blood still trickled ; above all, i like a scar 4n my memory, I recall the I red-tinged kriss around which my ! fingers tightened convulsively. When the police came I gazed at them blankly, unable to realise the import of their queries. I replied to them, at hazard, incoherently— His life !' I murmured, disjointedly. ' I was in a dream. Somnambulism ! I don't understand. A crime— who says it was a crime T' The police inspector shook Ins head pityingly, and turned to speak to young Radson. 'Yes, yes,' said the lieutenant with evident reluctance. ' It sounds like a confession. He'll go quietly. I've no doubt ril accompany you, too.' So they led me. dazed and impassive, away. in a vague kind of fashion I knew that I was being taken to prison, and I managed somewhat to rally my scattered faculties. There was no use in concealing the unconscious part I had played in this grim tragedv, and I j unburdened my mind frankly. * : ' It's a terrible business,' said Badson, i when I had finished, ' No, I don't fclame you exactly. In that half-sleeping, half- f waking state, you were hardly respou- 1 sible for your actions: - But ifs* terrible \ — terrible business..!' j He need not have told me that, for j when I was left alone the vivid, xecog- ' nition of my guilt was more than I could bear. The many instances in which I was indebted to my «-usin came to up- - braid me with the baseness of my in! gratitude in ever countenancing an ill wish towards him. And In what way would his death benefit me now ? I could never be rich with his wealth. [ nor possessed of his lands ; Dorothy, it too, would execrate my name, and hold f my memory in deserved abhorence. is Vrttliinir remained for me but the enasiJv- 15 racee - or trial' ana. . convfctfosi c beyond loomed the gaunt' forbidding gallows. IIL A manrieit alone witii such' thoughts, as mine tastes nn earnest of kleriHti ' The leaden hours passed slowly t by?- jlnd al though I could not have bee&iinside; the gaol over five hours.- it-seemed as fiuany weeks to me before Lieutenant -Hudson returned. ' Phew ?!' he said, eyeing; jne intently. ' You seem the ghost of yourself. You ought not to give .way like this.' ' Ought not T I echoed* bitterly. ' Do you expect me to Jaugh and dance under my siu(?*' 'Come, come! It's not- so, bad -as all that,' he. added quickly. 'I've a ques tion or two to ask you. In the first place, way did. you pitch me that tale about a gruesome dream T ' What do you mean 2' I cried exr citedly. 'Why this— that you no more killed your cousin than I did !' ' What ! Is Tom not dead 7' ' Unfortunately, yes. But you had no hand in causing his death. The real murderer has been found — wandering half-clad, and raving mad. upon the moor.' ?' The real murderer V I repeated vacantly. ' Have no fear ; he is in safe keeping now. He must have let himself out of the house immediately after the deed was done, still retaining, tn spite of bis undoubted insanity, a lurking notion of the necessity of flight Of course, as soon as we missed him, the hue-and-ery was raised, with the result that he was discovered on the moor, as I have said, chattering to himself and chuckling over .his atrocity. He particularly .gloats over his frenzied cunning in having secretly niched the Malay kriss from your room, and in replacing it without disturbing you, after he had put it to the vile pur poses conceived by his erased brain. Certainly, the poor fellow . is not ac countable for his actions, yet bis people are greatly to blame ? ' ' Butj' I interpo(sed hastily, * you have not told me who this madman is.' 'Why. it's the man you knew away in Jaffa— Wallace Lewin. His friends were at once communicated with, and a brother of his reached Westhqlme an hour ago. From him I learned that Lewin has of late been somewhat erratic in his behaviour, the outcome, no doubt of the sunstroke he sustained a few months back in the Levant Ever- 6inee then he has been subject to periodic fits of melancholia, bat nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly, nobody imagined that they would culminate, as they have done, in a seizure of homi cidal mania. What impelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than upon any one else, I ^can't understand, unless, indeed, it. was for the reason I have already mentioned— the apparent ease with- Which the mur der could l»e fathered upon you. That too, seems to be Mr. Caiman's theory.' ' Ah ! Has Mr. Cannan been to the Towers ?' ' ' He came directly he heard of Tom'« death. By the way, we , were all at fault with regard to Tom and Mr. Gan uan's daughter. I had a. long talk with the old man, and, from what he said, I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooth the path for yon. Aware that her father would probably discounte nance any engagement between you and his child, because of your unsatisfac tory position financially, Tom— tie mag nanimous fellow— even hinted at settling a substantial annuity upon you, on con- ! ditiou that Mr. Cannan withdrew all obstacles. That expedient will now no longer be needed : equally, of course, j Miss Cannan knew nothing:, of these pending negotiations.' *' And she ?' I murmured. ** Have you seen or heard anything of her ?' ' Only that she is in a state of anxiety and indignation on account of your arrest nigh bordering on distraction. Her father has gone to see about get ting you out of this Infernal hole, and If I might advise you. I would suggest that you drive straight to his house, and pet her at rest Hark,' added he* .as foot steps drew near the cell =door, ' here comes Mr. Cannan to carry you off.'— ' Weekly Sun.' 