The Grey Eagle oj the Atlantic. CHAPTER XXXIX. It would have been a scene, not for an artist ?of the present day, who must paint to suit the ephemeral lightness of the hour, or paint not at all — but for an artist of the olden time, like Raphael or Vandyke, with their dense shadows, bold outlines, and bright lights — to have painted that group, gathering beneath cavernous cliffs amid the spray and washing of the breaking waves — midnight darkness all around— only their pale, anxious faces, their eager eyes and muffled forms dimly seen in the lights of their lanterns, for no unshielded light ?would have burned an instant there. . - Down by slippery, rude paths, among broken rocks, they had crept to a kind of shelf front ing that part of the sea where the dismasted vessel had last been seen. The wind did not feel so heavy here, because breaking against the cliff there was a reaction, like a reflux in tho waves which break against the shore, ' but the thunder of the surf was heard all the louder for this very lull. The party ' heard nothing else for a brief time after they reached this rocky frontage, but then there came the sound of a terrible crash, and they fancied— perhaps it was real — that shrieks of terror or of pain came rolling over the dark waste at the same instant. Then all was still. ' She has struck — Heaven help her crew !' said the old man. ' For no human power could ever take a boat over those waters — no human arm, unaided, help those who sufffer or drown.' Beside him, no ODe spoke. Out beyond them all, her long hair floating back over her shoulders, her hands clasped, looking as if she would pierce the black clouds and waters with her anxious vision, stood Irene. Close to her, cowering down, clutching her garments as if to keep her from being washed away by the hungry surf, was Silly Bill. ?Further, back, standing by the old man, their hands clasped each in the other, stood Constance and Medora, their eyes bent on- him, as if he could tell them whether Death was gathering in victims now or not. High above them towered the cliffs — wild in front rolled and tossed the maddened waves — it was a grand and yet a fearful picture. Suddenly a cry broke from the lips of Irene. ' ' A body in the surf ! Eelp me — help ine !' she shrieked. And Bhe sprang to the very verge of the xocb, while poor Bill, with a despairing cry, strove to draw her back. A dark object on the crest of a white-capped ?wavo was been. On it came, until the wave, breaking, deluged the heroic girl; but she caught , the body with a desperate grasp,' and herself only saved by a gigantic effort of Silly Bill, kept it from going back with the foaming breaker. The old man, till now inactive, sprang for ward and received from the hands of the young heroine the dripping body of an officer in uniform— an elderly man, with gray hair and a noble face. 'Help me,' he cried to Constance, and Medora. ' I think there is life here yet. Help me, and we will try to restore him, if Heaven ? ?wills it!' As he, with her help, bore the rescued man back to a recess in the cliff, another form was seen sweeping in, and again Irene, with a heroism few would emulate, seized this onej and faithfully aided by the boy, dragged it within reach of the others. ' My father ;' she gasped, as the upturned face came within the space lighted by the lanterns. ' He haB been cruel to me. Now may he be saved for repentance, and not die in his sins !' And she cried out to the others to help Steven Crane, while she looked for more to save. Once more her eye caught sight of another form — but it did not come within her grasp at first — the wave broke, it seemed, further out, and though up to her waist'in foaming water, with Bill clinging to her saturated garments to save hor, the body was swept back in the darkness. Again the next great wave brought it in. Her hands almost reached it; but, horror, a great shark, open-mouthed, was on the wave crest also, and with a shriek she reeled back fainting in tho arms of the brave boy whose strength and fidelity were taxed to the utmost to draw her back from danger. She was saved, but a long fearful swoon i kept her unconscious until all hope of saving more was gone— for life in such a turmoil of waters could not endure many seconds. ? When Irene recovered consciousness, ahe was reclining in a recess of' the cliff, with her head resting against the faithful breast of tli9 boy, while the old man with a bottle of cordial in his hands, was looking anxiously in her face. She smiled and said, faintly, for she was deathly weak : ' Tliank Heaven, I live. Is my father saved ?' ' Girl — Steven Crane is saved, and they say you saved him !' said 'a hoarse voico, in the shadow of the cliff — ' but if you had- known all — all, you never would have saved him !' And then a limp form and a white haggard face crept out from the darkness into tho strong light made by a drill- wood fire, and looked at her with an expression o£ wretched nose and remorse? 'I am glad you aro saved !' sho said, gently ? ' there was another, a gray- haired man, £in officer in uniform.' ' Ho is recovering — Medora and Constance are attending to him — see, ho is able to walk, and thoy lead him this way ?' said the old man. ' It is Sir Edward Hardy — it is tho admiral!' said Steven Crane as the officer, leaning on the arms of tho two young girls, came forward. ' Sir Edward Hardy — must I meet him, and yield hospitality to him !' mattered tho old man. ' Heaven keep all bitterness from my soul now- — for what He spares, I must not curse !' Tho officer came slowly forward into the light until his eyes fell on tho upturned face of Irene. For an instant he gazed upon that face as if spellbound, while the colour which life and reviving stimulants had brought to his own face vanished, leaving it white as snow. Then, he gasped out a name. 'Delia Beaumont — Delia — alive, ah Heaven, what does this mean ? My wife — my poor wife ?' And he dropped ou his knees by the side of the astonished girl, and bowed his head in his quivering hands. ' Your wife — was Delia Beaumont, vour lawful, wedded wife, Sir Edward Hardy ?' cried Stephen Crane, pushing forward and laying his. hand almost rudely on the shoulder of the English officer. ' Sho was — she was!' groaned the admiral. ' False pride kept the secret till it was too lato for her happiness — but — but it is true, and the certificate with her likeness is now worn nex'} my heart, in a sealed case !' ' Then am I the most accursed wretch that walks on earth. My act — robbing her of her child out of jealous revenge, broke her heart. I killed her — I killed her !' ' Wretch ! — who then is this ?' cried the admiral, as he stood erect once more and looked down on Irene. ' Your daughter and her's ! The child that I stole from the nurse. See — she wears her mother's likeness, even now, upon her neck !' And Steve Crane lifted up the miniature which he had given Irene, before. ? 'Yes — he speaks the truth. I but behold my lost Delia in her child. My life has been savfirl Vro m v mvn rlftvi rr Vi1 nr !' And dropping once more, weeping on his knees before Irene, the father clasped her in his arms. Trembling, for she could scarcely realize this new relationship, poor Irene looked in the furrowed face of. him who held her, and at last sobbed out : ' Yes — yes, my heart tells me that you are my father j and now I know why somo unseen source, some impulse I could neither under stand nor resist, forced me out on the - wild storm to save tho lives of the helpless who might drift upon the shore ?' ' Why did you save me— me, a wretch who has darkened all your young life?' moaned Steven Crane. ' Because Heaven willed it ?' said the young girl, reverently. ' You have been good to me, though sometimes rough, Steven Crane. All the wrong you have done me I forgive. What have you done to my dead mother ? ' . ' Oh Heaven, child, had you known how I loved her before he came in my way !' And Steven Crane sobbed as with a breaking heart. ' Do you know me, Edward Bellenden ?' asked the old man, as he now, with a stern, steady gaze confronted the admiral. 'You start, because I address you by the name which was yours before you became a peer. Do you know me ?' ' You wear the look of one whom I have known in years gone by. Yet I do not know you.' - ' Do I wear the look of Edgar Courtenay — the father of this girl's mother?' and he pointed to Medora. ' You do — yes, you must be he !' said the admiral, regarding him earnestly. ' And can you look calmly on her, remem bering the fate of Henry Trevors, this girl's father, the husband of my daughter ?' con ? tinued the old man, fiercely. ' ' ' Henrv Trevors was mv friend.' said the admiral, calmly. ' It -Was reported that he fell in a duel with me, but it was false, for I was far away when he fell by some other hand than mine, as I proved on my return to England, after hearing the report.' ' Man — -can this bo proved ? Have I, for all these long years, done you this injustice in the bitterness of my heart ?' , cried the old man. ' | . 'You have — youhave!' said Steven Crane, with a hollow groan. ' I raised tho foul re port to ruin him, knowing ho was on the point of leaving England on secret service, which would keep him absent for a time. And I too delayed his return while I stole her child and broke poor Delia's heart. Fiend that I am, the abyss of eternal torture yawns for me, and there with blood upon my hand, the blood of Henry Trevor, as well as hers — I will go !' With one wild look of despair — one glance back at those whom he had so wronged, the wretched man rushed madly from among thein, and plunged into tho wild surges and was swept from their sight — never, never to be seen inimortal shape again. 'Oh, horrible! horrible!' moaned poor Irene, as she held hor white hands over her closed eyes. 'It is juat. Heaven saved him that he might do justice to tho living — He has taken him away in fearful' retribution of his deeds. Heaven have mercy upon his erring soul ?' said the old man, solemnly. Then turning to the admiral, he said : ' Sir Edward, I have wronged you. I crave your pardon.' ' Edgar Courtenay need not ask forgive ness of one himself a sinner. What he who was Edward Bellenden, and is now known as Sir Edward Hardy, can do to aid you, ho will. Wrecked, I fear the sole survivor of my crew, and on a hostile shoro, I am at present power less — but life hero and pfoperty across the waters are yet mino, and both are at your service.' ' I am very old, older in sad oxperience even than in my years,' said Edgar Courtenay. ' I canuot lost much longer. I shall never leave the homo I havo made hero on this lonely isle — tho dawn of the coming day will soon show you how I have loved and beautified it, because it was a refuge from the ills of what I deemed a cruel world. My poor Medora, my lost daughter's child, who will have no protector left when I am gone — for her I ask a man's protection. Sir Edward Hardy, you have found a daughter, let my ponr grandchild be to her as a bister— let her be your ward when I am gone. She is not poor. Money and rich jewels have I here hoarded carefully for her. Estates, too, are hers across the broad Atlantic. See that she has her rights when I pass away, and I will not regret for the coming hour which calls me hence.' 'I will bo as kind and just to her in all things as to my own dear child,' . said the admiral. ' Thank you, oh my father, she shall be my sister,' said Irene, drawing Medora to her side. ' And this other maiden — is she alone, for, silent and reserved, she sits and seems to wonder at all these strange events,' said the admiral, looking at Constance Morley. ' I am an American, my lord, the sister of one, and the beti-othed of another of your armed foes !' said Constance with dignity. 'The privateer which fought and captured one of your vessels is commanded, if he yet lives, by ono well able to protect and care for me.' ' Heavens ! — how blind I am. That proud look tells me at once your relationship to young Morley, my late captor.' ' Yes, my lord, he is my brother, if he bo yet living, and Captain Backstay is to be my husband.' ' Both were livmg when the combat closed, for I watched them on the deck of their vessel as she passed the fleet before the gale came on.' ... ' ' Thank Heaven for that. I shall not hate you now,' said Constance, and Bhe drew nearer to Irene, from whom she had drawn away the moment her relationship to the admiral was made known. 'Hate not him or me, dear, dear Con stance,' cried Irene. 'For if a daughter's prayer's can influence a father's course, he shall no longer be looked on as your enemy. If my words and .tears can touch his heart, he will resign rank and position in a service where, if he retains both, he must nphpld tyranny and wrong and strive to make slaves of freemen !' ' What, i'3 my child a rebel ?' asked tho admiral ; but a kindly look in his eye and a smile on his face told her how he meant the question. ' So much, my father, that if I must choose sides and homes, give me America and freedom in poverty before England and tyranny with wealth and titled grandeur to back them !' ' You are a bravo child, and I suppose your old father must yield to you in this. But I may be a prisoner to those whom you deEend so heartily.' ' They will not take you from your loving daughter's arms, my father. And now if it pleases Mr. Courtenay — since that is his name, had we not better go up to to the cottage above ? We can do no more good here, and from there as soon as the day dawn, now close at hand, comes on, we' can see what has become of the Grey Eagle, and if she has ridden out tha storm in tho anchorage gained.' I ' Yes, we will go,' said the old man. ' This night has with all its terrors brought a peace to my soiil I scarce had dreamed again to know. Come, my children, come, the old man will go up to his resting-place easier than he came down for his heart is lighter than it has been for many years.' They moved on, Medora and the old man in front, Irene with her father next, and Bill quite obsequious in assisting Constance, who in her bold declaration of her American feelings had risen to the top of his belief in patriotism. ? CHAPTER XL. Tho party wero soon beneath the cottage roof which had so long sheltered Edgar Courtenay and his orphan niece, and now there was more real happiness beneath that roof than had over been felt there before. Medora laid out her table, and the food upon it did not go untasted as it had the night beforo. Then cheering talk and gentle song followed, whiling away tho night honrs until the wolcome dawn once more appeared. It did not come enrobed in cloudy and drizzling tears of rain. It came forth in sun lit glory, for the storm with spent forco had swept on, leaving its wrecks and marks behind. Tho whole party, when the rosy light stole in. upon them tlii'ougli the vine- latticed window, adjourned to tho look-out porch among tho rocks, from whence they; could glance over ail the surrounding, waters. Far as thoy could soo out on tho occan not a sail was in sight. But snug in tho sheltered anchorage to which her bravo commander had piloted hor lay tho Groy Eagle, and near hor was seon tho dismantled hull of tho captured Hornot. Men were busy below and aloft, repairing damages on board of tlie privateer, others' wero clearing up the wreck of tho prize. 'Safe — safe!' said Constance, who had brought a glass from tho cottage. 'I seo them both. Oh, happy I am ! But they must know whore wo are. Wo will wave our handkerchiefs.' ' They will hardly see tliem hero, if indeed they should glance up at what must look to them like barren and uninhabited cliffs. The young man may take my smallest skiff and go and tell the commander of the schooner that he has frionds here who would like to see him,' said Mr. Courtenay. 'And an enemy who can appreciate his chivalrous valour and honour his skill as a seaman,' added the admiral. ' Haven't you got no message tew send, Miss nnk-orl 'Rill, -wif-h n. nnrmnnl look out of his grey eyes, 'Yes, Bill. As your master has gone a road which you may wish to follow,' tell Lieutenant Morley to enlist you in his marine corps, for that will give you a fair opportunity.' ' Gee whittaker-jewsharps, Miss Roney ! That'll suit me tew - a T sure, for if I 'list under him I'm sure tew always be nigh you!' The boy hurriod off, to escape a slap from a little but not a very light hand, as his cheek had known more than once in his lifetime. Soon the light . boat was seen emerging from a narrow, almost hidden channel, wind ing out from the basin in the rock, and holding its course toward the schooner. The party on the island saw Bill reach tho schooner's deck and communicate his errand to her commander. Quickly was the latter seen to raise his glats toward the island, and fluttering hand kerchiefs reiterated to him tho story just told him bv Silly Bill. A- hurrying to and fro on tho schooner told of new orders — a boat, lowered hastily, was all as quickly manned, and long before Bill could get into his boat to pilot the way tho two officers had shoved off and were on their way toward the island. But Bill know they could not makr a landing without his assistance, so he hurried on, and in a little while reached tho rocks, where they wero in vain seeking the channel. ' It takes a fool tew help wise creetures once in a while. That's a comfort, by Chris'mas ?' he muttered, as turning an angle they had not seen, he entered the hidden channel and led the way. A few moments later and there was indeed a ha,ppy greeting. Launcelot Morley and his sister embraced each other, and then the young officer resigned her. to Captain Back-' stay, while he turned to Irene;' who stood blushing and trombliug with mingled- fear and joyv For-.now-sho had ..found a father, alio folt that even in her love, a reverence of him was necessary, and he might frown on her love, for a man who, in one respect, must be con sidered an enemy. He,noticed her backwardness and confusion, and for an instant it pained him. But she saw the cloud on his face, and feeling he should know all, said : 'Mr. Morley, dearest of friends — this is my father !' and she took the hand of the old admiral. ' What, Sir Edward Hardy?' cried poor Launcelot. ' Thon the sooner I die the better, for he'd as soon give you to the sharks as to a Yankee :privateersman like me.' And, brave as he had proved himself, the: tears started in his eyes. 'Avast there, youngster!' cried the old admiral. ' No blubbering without cause. If you love my girl, and she loves you, do you think I'll keep you apart because we've sailed under different flags i* I'm neither a tyrant nor a fool, though I may have served one or both. So cheer up, and put on a smile in place of a frown, and be cheerful. I'm a wreck on a lee shore, my frigate gone, and if you say the word, must consider myself your prisoner.' 'We don't say the word,' said Captain Backstay, to whom Constance Morley had been explaining affairs. ' The storm, and not the fate of war, has thrown you where you will be an honoured and respected guest until you choose to leave us.' ' Then I am afraid it will be some time, from the look of affairs around here,' said the admiral, who . saw that Launcelot and Irono were very closely engaged in a low and tender conversation. ' I shall never raise a sword against the flag you servo, and my future life shall be devoted to making her happy who is the image of the only being on earth whom I ever loved,' ' Were all Englishmen like you, noble admiral, soon would our two countries be at peace and tho mission of my Gray Eagle be more congenial- to my own desireB— but why does this old man regard me so strangely ? he has not taken his eyes from me since we landed.' ' ' Who — in Heaven's name — who are you ?' gasped the old man. Then turning to the admiral, ho added: 'Do not you, Sir Edward, see the likeness?' The admiral looked intently at Captain Backstay, and as ho did so, a remembrance flashed over his mind. ' Yes — the image of Henry Trevor, dark ened perhaps by the reflection of sun and wave yet it is tho imago of Henry Trevor who stands there.' ' Trovor— Trevor. That name sounds as if I heard it before!' said Backstay, looking from ono to the other. ' Who are you ? Where were you born ?' asked Mr. Courtenay, eagerly. ' Alas ! I know not ! Ono who was to me all a fathor in care and goodness, old Captain Backstay, picked mo up in this very bay, clinging, as ho said, like a barnacle to a spar, after a fearful storm. He reared mo, gave me his own name, and when ho died left me all his property.' 'And this was ninoteen years ago- — nine- teen years since the good man picked you up?' asked Mr. Courtenay. ' Yes— why do you ask old man ? Know ybu aught df my parentage ?' ' One question more, and I will answor that. Is thoro a deep scar on your right breast, where, when, a child, you received a severe gash by falling on a picket ?' ' There is a long deep scar on my right breast, which has boon thoro over sinco I can remembor and camo I know not how,' replied CSptain Backstay. ' Oh, Heaven, I thank tho God of all Mercies for -this!' cried the. old man. 'Modora — embrace your brotlior! Now I can dio in peace, for you have a protector in whoso veins ruus blood like your own, as proud as tho proudest may boast. Hardy — hold, hold mo up— this happiness is too much !' The old man reeled and fell back into the arms of the admiral, swooning away in tho fullness of his joy. And it seemed as if he would die, for it was long before they could ? restore him to con sciousness again. But ho lived — lived long enough to 'seo peace restored between America and his native land — to bless tho union of his beloved grand son with Constance Morley, to seo Medora beloved and united to a bravo and truo son of the new Republic, and to join tho old admiral in happy congratulations - when Irene and Launcelot Morley wero made ono. Silly Bill was wise enough never to get married, but Jack Ghost wedded the ' widdor and owner' of the Hen and Chickens, and so our story ends. . [the end.] In the room of this Tale we shall next publish the Opening Parts of a Detective Narrative, very cleverly written, entitled 'CASE 739.' 