A Terrible Tidal Wave. FRIGHTFUL MASSACRE OF TRADERS. SENSATIONAL NEWS FROM THE PACIFIC ISLANDS. The Sydney correspondent of the Age, writing under 'Friday's date, nays j— The Bteamer Archer, trading undor the auspicos of the Pacifio Islands Company, re turned to Sydney this afternoon after an ex tended cruieo among the South Sea Islands. Besides the Gilbert, Ellico and Marshall shall groups, she visited New Britain, New Ireland and numerous scattered Islands to the east of New Ireland, She brings oonaa tlonal news from the Marshall Islands, The captain reports that a tidal wave had swept over several of the islands, causing a consi derable amount of damage. The tidal waTe was oIbo felt at the Gilbert and Elllob groups, Now Ireland and Peed Island. At Nuku fatau the tidal was very destructive', and at Peed Island it devastated tlio native settle ments. While tho Archer waB at Jaluit, in the Marshall Inlands, a German trading Bohooner camo in to port from the Carolines, and reported that tho tidal wave had extended there, causing great loss of life. Captain Hitchfiold, of tho Gorman schooner, Informed Captain Henry, of the Archer, that ono of the Caroline group had been entirely swept by the wave, and that several hundred lives must have been lost. Captain Hitchfield was in the vicinity at the time, and succeeded in resouing some of tho natives. Tho a»me wave roached as far as New Iroland, but did not do much damage there. Several massacres wore reported . In the Bismarck Archipelago. At New Ireland a trader named Paterson Informed Captain Henry that ho had sent two of Ilia boats down the coast In February lasb to trade. They had reached the trading grounds and the boats were anohorod for the night. Whilst the crows woro asleep, tho natives put off from tho shore in war canoes, captured the boats and their freight and massaored all onboard, The two boats were manned by IX natives, whoso bodies were taken ashore and eaton. Tho boats were Bubse quontly destroyed. At Now Britain somo months ago a little trading kotch called tho Sea Ghost" started out for the neighbouring islands on a trad" ing trip, Arriving at Nusa, she was oaptured by tho natives, and tho whole of tho crew were massacred. One of tho murderers was recently oaptured at. New Britain, having joined ono of the trading vessels. He was duly sentenced to death, and ivas shot a few days before tho Archer started for Sydney, The German war ship Moowe had started oub from New Britain for Nusa on a puni tive expedition In connection with the samo massacro. 