Social News and Gossip. BY EBLANA. The Rector and Fellows, of St. John's College have issued invitations for the an nual commemoration to be held on Satur day, 25th November. ? His Eminence the Cardinal will preside and deliver the ad dress. ♦ ? * To-day (Saturday) the Grand Common wealth Fair' will begin, the opening cere mony will be performed by his Eminence the Cardinal. The Fair promises to be ..one of the greatest ever held, and all the ar rangements are being carried out on a most elaborate scale. The stalls are designed in artistio fashion, and the draping and deco ration of them are most effective. One must visit the Fair to be competent to judge of the furnishing ot them. The ladies liave vied with each other in procuring not only choice goods but serviceable and valuable ones as well. Christmas presents and cards will be a spec alty. Children's afternoons will see the Fair crowded with toys, dolls and other such attractions so dear to the hearts of six or eight summers, During the ooming week there will be concerts, &c;, each evening. . ' ' ' The learned Jesuit, Rev Father Thurs ton, contributes to the 'St. Peter's.' an article about the wedding ring and the Catholio marriage service, whioh I sum marise for the benefit of our lady readers. Nowadays the bridegroom places the ring on the third finger of the left hand, saying, after the priest, '* With this ring I thee wed, and I plight unto thee my troth.' And yet the day is not very long past when, aooord ing to the ritual used by priests in the ad ministration of the Sacraments 'in Eng land, Ireland and Scotland,' the wedding ring was placed not upon the left, but upon the right hand of the bride. Holding the right hand in his own left, the bridegroom put the ring on the thumb, saying, ' In the name of the Father ' ; then on her fore finger, saying, 'and of the Son' ; then on the middle finger, saying, 'and of the Holy Ghost 'j then on her third finger, saying, 'Amon.' And there iho ring remained. These directions, which were in foroe in 1738, were somewhat modifit d in the course of the next 20 years. Father Thurston ex presses his regret at the change. It did away with one of the ancient ceremonies prescribed by tho pre-Reformation liturgy of the Church of England. He goes on to show that the wearing of the wedding ring on . the right hand was the modiieval tradi tion in Rome itself, in France, Germany and elsewhere.* ? * m The man from Never Never wants to know, in tho Melbourne ' Age,' what has beoomo of the race dresses he remembers in the days of his youth. Tales were told of, and ho even eaw, one gown triirmed with gold coin of the realm, real pearls were used on embroideries, and jewels shone on gown and head gear. To have appeared on Cup day in a cotton dress would have been ' im possible' to anyono who had paBaed her 18th year. Indeed, 'sweot 18' walked very grandly in those days when all her elder Bisters wont as a matter of course in silk attire. Of the gorgeousness of those old time Cup dresses our mothers have told us, and it is small wonder that our friend from the baok of beyond feels himself aggrieved because things are not as they used to be. ? ? ? Poor deluded man — it will be luoky for him if' ho is nevor called upon to pay for those modern gowns whose simplicity upsets his notions regarding tho fitness of things. This is tho day of making rather than tho day of mntorial. In fact, the oost.of tho aofcual matorial is frequently tho least con siderable item in the drossmaker's bill. Silk muBt support muslin, laon muBfc 'finish' it. Bolt silks demand expensive ribbons, and othor accessories galoro. Cut and finish aro aooordod a consideration denied thorn in tho glorious past, and for but and finish one musb pay-— or perish. \- * ? It seems but a few monthB ago that Damo Fashion decreed that all her votaries should garb thomaolves in frills and furbelows, with skirtB still onod with horsohair, sIqovob wido and distended, and ovory item betraying that tendency to enlargement which seri ously reduced tho holght. But tho few months are really years, all too quiokly flown, and today tho same capricious arbi trator of woman's lifo diotatoH that ovoiy thing shall fit olosoly and olingingly, and all tho Buporfluity of matorial shall fall in ondloBB folds round tho foot. Naturally there must bo varioty whon la modo only rooognicioB tho tall and slandor, and many fashions aro introduced which will achieve popularity, and bo an generally rocogniaod (is tho ono Htorootypod ntylo, whioh cannot bo adoptod by ovory ono. In akirta thifl varioty in bowlldoring, but ono faol) in im porativo, tho hipu must bo fitted oloHoly, without any utrain or appiiront tightnoHH. Tho walking Blurt slightly traila tho ground. Tho Binurt viniting or ovoning skirt is so gorod that, win lot perfectly tight to tho knooB, itft foldfi Ho limply around tho foot in oarolcas flutoti, and draporioti equally limp fall to Boino length above. Tlio pointed tunio in undoubtedly graceful, and ia equally suitable over a long or a ohorfc skirt. Gauvso, oanvaii, mtuilin ana grenadine, and tho end loss aoft fabrioB of Iohh tranaparont toxturo, m voile, dolaino, mm'n voiling, are made in this limp, trailing fashion, and for muslins and washable fabrics deep flounces are re vived ; these set on a sheath-like top, and are profusely trimmed with braid and laoe. ? ? ? For the ordinary skirt the seamless effeot prevails, but the oiroular effect obtained by this fatyle gives groat width at the edge, and the folds are extremely graceful. All em broidered robes are out in this fashion, and this is a vory popular skirt, whioh has the merit of a straight front and sweeping folds, where Hnea of trimming are sot off to tho best advantage. Fluted skirts ate gored to the waist and tho folds are oareless and impossible to trim in oiroular style,' Lace is tho favourite garniture for summer gowns, and there aro miporb insertions of wide width whioh aro most elegantly arranged in State fashion, passing round tho nook and falling on either side quite to the hem, and sometimes fastened with Empire knots of velvet or ribbon. Tho detaohablo sprays from floral Insertions may be arranged to follow tho lino of the skirt, and form a border and to acquire any desired shape on tho bodico. ' . m m ' ? Foulard . and taffeta ? aro the fashionable silks, and not only are the deBigna of the zigzag and conventional order, Dub there aro medallions, apotB . and the blurrod1 chime patterns in vory subdued oolourings. Wodgowood and piuon bluea, the brighter poriwinklo, and the vivid Parma mauve are shown in foulard, and that peouliar tint of old roso whioh may bo likonod to strawberry and ia quite ono of this aoason's shades, Foulard boing oHHontially of a limp typo, should bo mounted on glaoo flilk, but with out Btifl'oning at tho hem. A ohiinning toilotto in China blue witli chime ofFootH in a Wodgowood tint wan inouutod on a glaoo Bilk of tho fuuuo im in loo as tho back ground, tho Bkirt of tho ilutod typo had a trimming of nnrrow oroain-oolaurod laoo to iiimulato an ovorakirt. The bodico was ' made in blouoo Btylo, but with a tight baok, and tho font fiiatnued down tho aide undor a frill of tho narrow luce. It -wan tuokod aororiH tho buat lino, and there waa a small square yoko and high collar band of oreiun guipure over white iiatin. Small 'oar' piocoa of (loop Wodgowood volvol; firiiahod each nido of tho collar band. Tho tight-fitting filoovcfi wore tucked at tho top. Thoso should bo lined with nun's voiling to muko them ait oloaoly without) splitting, an foulard io vory apt to split where oroaeod. ? '' I ' Millinery is extremely diversified, bub toques are still pre-eminent, and flowers are their prinoipal adornment. Ordinary Btraw , is conspicuous by its absence, but the satin and Tuscan straws aro lovely, and crinoline ' h worked up into tho mostlaoey and piotur esque of ohapeaux, The newest tints aro lignt- and dark mushroom, bisouit, and a sort of suuburnt tone without the reddish tinge and putty, a very dully stone tinfe of drab on whioh the brilliant nasturtium shades are Boon in full beauty. ' ' ? a The large silver clasps for waist bands, ? that came from Paris, and are to bo so much worn this summer, hail in reality from- muoh nearer Sydney, as the boat of th(jm are made in India, and are hand wrought. Silver is a soft metal and easily manipu lated, but in Europe when onoo a pattern is peoured they are turned out mechanically by tho thousand. All who use tho Balmain ferry boats must have noticed ono of tho most/ interesting mining venturos at preaont being proseouteci in Australia. Tho Sydney .Harbour Col lieries' Company waB formed in England to work tho coal undorlying the waters of Port Jackson. Tho area of tho royalty held by ..the company is 10,000 aoros, and the quan tity of coal available for working estimated ' by oxpertB lie within this area is 113.000,000 tons. After thoroughly satisfying itself aa to Iho oxiatonoo of tho coal Beam undor tho bod of the harbour, by boring on tho oppos ito bank, and also boing guidod by the local geologists and coal oxpurtB, the company started two shafts at Balmain, on the edgo of Iron Covo. Tho ahaf tB aro oiroular, and 20ft. in diamotor. Ono waa sunk to 220ft., and work is Biiapondorl, but the acoorid in down ovor MUOfb., and making about) fiOOgal. of water per hour. Tho shafts aro supported by brickwork, put in as sinking prooooda. It ia oBtirnatod that 2000ft. will have to bo flunk before tho coal Beam 1b pone tral otl, and tho oxpondlturo will bo ?Gli20,SOO beforo any coal is raised. Tho machinery ia modern and oxtonoivo, Ififtoon bollora will lio required to gonornto tho power wanted, arid live of thouo aro alrondy in poaition. Tho company dxpoota, to bo producing coal from beneath tho watora of Port) J«OKBdn within about 1.8 months from date. v It iaU moat plucky vouturo; t , ' 