WESTERN NEWS. STRAHAN, Monday. A welcome social to the Revs. J. A. Gault and W. A. Bennett, the newly appointed ministers to the Lyell-Strahan Wesleyan circuit, was held in the church on Friday last Mr. W. Diprose occupied the chair. An apology was received from the Rev. J. A. Gault, who was unavoidably detained at Queens- town. During the evening selections of music were rendered by the choir; and solos, recitations, etc., by the fol- lowing:--Messrs. M'Farlane,Vickerman, Raley, Ingledew, Rev. Bennett, and Miss Miller. In acknowledging the welcome offered by the chairman, the Rev. Bennett stated that he had hardly known of Strahan in Victoria, and was surprised at its importance. He felt he had come amongst warm-hearted friends, and trusted God would bless their labours. During the evening Miss Broomby acted as organist, whilst the refreshments were supplied in abund- ance by Mrs. Newman and Miss F. Wyman. On Monday last the hull and cargo of the ill-fated s. Australia were put up by auction by Messrs. Brumby and Co., of Zeehan. The hull, etc., were pur- chased by the Union S.S. Company, and realisied L12, and the cargo fell to Mr. J. J. Gafffney, M.H.A., for the sum of .1: 6. The Mount Lyell Company's railway extension to Strahan is being` rapidly pushed ahead. At the terminus, Re gatta Point, a regular transformation has taken place. The land has been levelled off for a considerable distance all round, and a new cottage for the staff has been built in the vicinity. There is over an acre of land ready for the erection of the railway station and other necessary buildings. The wharf is also being proceeded with, some 90 piles having been placed in position, and sufficient decking has been com- pleted to allow the Union Company's vessels to unload regular cargoes of railway iron, sleepers, etc. There are gangs of men engaged in the formation as far as the last clearing gang, which is about 2%/ miles from Teepookana. The formation is ready for the laying of the sleepers for several miles, as far as the point where the line junctions with the King River. There are about 400 men engaged on the line at the present time, and men are still being taken on, the company being anxious to make as much headway as possible. Most of the men are now working along the banks of the King River, where the route of the line runs through much rock formation, necessitating a con- siderable amount of blasting. There are several small stores along the line, where the navvies obtain their supplies at Strahan prices. It is expected the line will be completed within five months, the only possible delay being in the completion of the bridge over, the King River at Teepookana. When completed this part of the line will have for the traveller attractions of the best possible character, the scenery, along the' banks of the King River being superb, whilst the high and craggy rocks on either side, with the miniature waterfalls here and there, will lend their aid to remind one of Nature's beauty. At Kelly's Basin much concern is manifested at the proposal of the North Lyell Company to close down the saw mill and brick-works until the line to Gormanston is completed. This, if carried out, will mean the discharge of a large number of hands, which will materially effect the business portion of the place. The contractors, Messrs. Baxter and Saddler, are pushing ahead with the line. They have been some what retarded in the progress by the numerous slips on the line caused through the recent rains. The forma- tion is finished to about the six-mile ten-chain peg. They have also com menced work at the Gormanston end of the line with a large number of men; thus both ends of the line are being proceeded with at the same time. By Christmas they expect the formation will be completed, and if the weather is at all favorable there is no reason to doubt its accomplishment. Winter seems to have set in very, early, as the weather has turned ex- tremely cold and frosty. A consider able amount of rain has fallen during the past week. The Washington Ghost.-Spiritualis tic circles are much exercised over an incident which occurred at Washington (United States), when the death of Mr. John Sherman, ex-Secretary of State, was reported on apparently good au thority, but, as it turned out, errone ously. A leading spiritualist in that city was holding a seance, during which the spooks of several more or less well known deceased people, and relatives of the believers present, attended. Some made themselves.manifest in an exceed. ingly dimly-lighted room, and others made their revelations by means of the medium. The crowning event of the evening, however, was when the spiri tualist materialised the spirit of Mr. .Sherman. The supposed soul of the ex Secretary of State appeared, and told the meeting how pleased lie was to be in heaven, which was a beautiful place. The spiritualised gentleman remem bered his colleagues in Washington. He politely sent his complimenits to Mr. M'Kinley, and desired to be remem bered to other members of the Adminis tration. He next wrote a message on a slate, the writing being, it is said, an excellent imitation of Mr. Sherman's caligraphy. Naturally, all present were greatly edified at what they had seen and heard at the seance, and went away deeply impressed. Next morning they learnt that Mr. Sherman had not died. His spirit, therefore, could not have been materialised or brought from heaven, and they now threaten to sue the medium as an impostor.-"Dalziel." 