.Oifipter IL — A Shadow-Husband. A year of widowhood passed lightly over : Alice Moore. Her nusband had been a -liadow to her — a dying man who merely pressed her lips and said goodbve After tlie funeral Mrs. Ford took her to the Sonth of France, and as soon as she po«W ISgbten her mourning Alice found her «elf wealthy, independent, sought after, ad D'ired. ITer mother in tbe past had kept. her short of money : now* at the ape of twenty the reins were gfivpn over into her ihvti hand?, and the bewiMerinw noveltv of this chnnpe all but turned the grid's head. She hfld been brought up witb a been relish foT the woiW's frivolities, «nd now that monev was of no account, Mrs. Ford eneourajred . her daughter's ertravapant tastes, revelling in the popularity feex gttdj; life procured. The older woman had bo Jtacernment with which to guide young Mis. Moore. She watebed Alice squander ing her fortone upon society flatterers and Worthless timweryers with eyes blinded by maternal admiration. 'Dear Alice is such a success,' she would «av. - Beauy it is quite astonishing the way people run after her. It is delightful JTLFhlr bo thoroughly appreciated.' With the approach of Christmas, a. some what nainful anniversary, Mrs. Ford sug SteVthatAuee should spend it in the g£Sry, and fin her house with guests 'to keep the ghosts away,' with a playful tap on her daughter's shoulder. The constant round of gsiejy, m, which for the last month or two she had indulged » freely, made all thought of a qinet YuVe tide distasteful and distressing. Yes, she must have people about her, amusing and S*t-hearted men and women, to keep ber ftSn remembering the shadow of last year's ^So the wrfy was arranged, and the merry throng^sembled at Mr2 Moore's bidding Youth's elasticity blotted out the vision of adeSh-bed scene, for Alice wasat an age to be tarried away by e^.*™?; -3£? her mother's inflnenee and that of fashion able society, »he was blown lite a butterfly en summer breezes, from flower to flower, fiom Bweet to sweet. _ _ ' W« must decorate the house for Chnst nas.' she said, perching herself on a iall oak chair in ordeTa fling a bunch of holly over the brow of tie grandfather's dock =n the halL 'See, we have plenty of green stuff there in the comer. Let us all set to work and try what we can do. Amidst much fun and laughter, the cheer ful nartv gladly fell in with the idea, soon jnHdng'thtt holly heap look somewhat '^Twant a spray of ivy,' said Alice to herself ; 'a. long thin spray to wind round the bronze etatue. I am sure I should find jurt such a piece on the south wall. Without » word she Blqniedihrongh a aide door into the garden, forgeKnVof the cold. Gray twilight cloaked the earth, the old-fashioned garden looked weird and strange, peopled with shadows. Involun tarily ahe shuddered. 'I— I don't think 111 go any further,' sbe thonght, +*»™'e to retrace her steps, 'there is something uncanny in the atmos phere |f* She whirled round on her high heels, then drew back with a sharp cry. A dimly defined figure stood in her path, looking auentlv into her eyes, as sbe trembled, Musing transfixed before the steady gaze. At last her lips parted, and a word of .agonized terror broke on the still anr: TOe^pecbe took a step back, stai keep ing his terrible eyes upon the petrified girl. 'Alice!' The name came in far-away accents, vibrating with intensity. 'My ?wife - My teve !' The wind stirred her hair, and a deathlv pallor spread itself upon her cheek. AD SeT hateful frivolity with which she baj surrounded herself seemed to accuse and envelop her, as she cowered before this spiritual -visitant. . ' Why have you come t' she asked in a breathless whisper. 'What have I done V 'Nothing,' the faint voice made answer, and the figure half-faded in the shadows of gathering night, 'that is the sin I lay to your charge— that yon have done nothing ! How have you used the fortune I left in your keeping » How have yon treated my memory? What is your life, but just a meagre thread of nothingness, upon which to hang the amusements of the hour t I trusted my all to you. How have you re paid xnv trust ?' Sbe could make no answer ; only her face became convulsed with pain, and tears ?parkled in the great frightened eyes, with their childish expression of wonder. 'Alice, where are you ? Alice !' The sound of human voices reached her ears ; people were coming in her direction, but instead of seeking their protection, she turned as if to flee from pursuing fiends. 'Take them away— for God's sake take them away. Oh, George ! Oh. George !'* She staggered and fell forward, fainting, on the grass. When she opened her eyes, she was lying nn the drawing-room sofa, while anxious faces watched her return to consciousness. ' What did you see in the garden 1? she asked, looking wildly round. ' Nothing.' : She shivered at the word. ? : ? ' They heard you cry out, and then found you lying on tne grass,' explained Mrs. Ford. Alice covered her face with her hands ; ?be felt suddenly overwhelmed hy a weight of responsibility. 'George died,' she said, slowly— 'died this time last year, and I have been for tetting him — Blighting his tnemorr— -show- ing the basest ingratitude. Oh-! I deserve his reproach, his scorn — and he spoke so aadly to-night. I saw him, mother. He eame to me in the garden ; he showed me] the folly of my life. ' A meagre thread of nothingness,' he called it, ' on which to hang the amusements of the hour/' A superstitious thrDl ran through the guest) assembled, while Mrs. Ford mur \- mured : ' Alice's brain must be wandering.' But it was impossible to persuade her she had not seen her husband, or induce her tc leave her room, and mix with the party assembled for Christmas cheer. ' How good of you to come. Dr. Watson.' Mid Mrs. Ford. 'I telegraphed for you in abject despair, knowing what influence /on uive with Alice, and that you were poor ?eorge's greatest friend. Really, I fear for ar reason. She is absolutely changed since hat fatal night upon which she declares be saw her husband's ghost. Our friends jive all left, and Alice rejoices at their ab ence ; which, for her, is most unnatural, cannot make her out at all ; for she seems trangely, unaccountably nappy. 'Will you ;& to her now? She is alone in her boudoir, .waiting you in a mood of feverish exeite oent' As Dr. Watson entered the room, be rea ised at once that Alice bad changed. There ras a new expression in her face he had lerer seen there before — something which poke of deep thought and strong emotion. Tm so glad to see yon,' she said. 'George riB be glad, too, wben I tell him you are lere.' He looked at her sharply.- Nothing in ker n*''w or appearance indicated mad ress. 'You' are. surprised, and naturally so ; tut by some miracle, which we as mortals annot explain, a merciful heaven has put ne into communication with my husband. Vhen I married him, as you know, I did t out of pity ; I bad no real love in jay wart for the man whose offer of marriage : bad previously refused. For a widow I Khaved -disgracefully ; I see myself now in ny txue colours. One night George ap wared to me with reproaches on his lips, isd in a Sash I realised my responsibilitiei md the worthlessness of my life. I resol red, if -possible, to meet the gpirit again, rbich gained so powerful a mastery over ny heart and soul Each night, as darkness gathers, I creep out to the same spot to peak with George. He never comes near, x never touches me, but I see the outlines tf bis face, I hear his voice. He ivaohe* -me 0 be noble and good ; he has made me ewe him! It isn't the same George, doctor, he face is far more radiant, the voice me odiouB ariU sweeter than in life. I shall tever' care for anything or anyone again tut my shadow-nusbandV -The doctor listened amazed, as he watched ler smile calmly. ^To-night,' he said, 'you must let me jo in your plsce to the rendezvous. Be nember, I was his oldest friend. 'H he can' Eveat himself to you, surely he can show ne a similar favour !' ' At -first she protested, but the doctor in Inced her to consent. He sought the spot alone at their tryst ng hour, and waited in the~gloain, -feeling nmewhat uncomfortable He dared make 10 eomment in bis mind upon what she had a\S him, though he had little faith in the rapernatural. Presently be perceived a igure, the very height and build -of George tfoore, glide noiselessly across the frosted grass. It passed dose to where the doctor tad concealed himself, when unable to. bear nrther suspense, ibe man of flesh acd blood sprang forward, grasping the spectre by a lair of seemingly substantial shoulders. - 'Let me go !' said a fierce voice, and though the doctor kept bis bold, he felt a :urrent of icy coldness freeze his blood, for. merciful heavens ! the voice was George Moore's! 'Let me go!' it said again, with an effort to shake the doctor off, 'or if you tront, bear me out, and don't raise an ilsrm !' These words sounded distinctly human, snd as tne face showed more plainly, it ap peared less strikingly like George's. ' I am here in the inferest of .the woman ron are deceiving,' said Dr. Watson, sternly. ?* Say what you can for yourself ; [ am ready to listen.' His captive became instantly calm. M You are right,' the stranger answered ' I have deceived her, but my object is not as purposeless as it appears, nor had I thought out beforehand what must seem to yon a coward's scheme I am George Moore's cousin ; and on returning from the colonies, I learnt of his .hurried marriage, and the excessive liveliness of the young vidow within a year of his death. I thought the very worst of Alice Moore, and deter mined to Beek her out, hoping that my presence might somehow check her heartless career, in bringing back ibe memory of poor old George. I was making my way to the house through the garden, when suddenly 1 came upon a lovely girl, haUess, and alone. She rushed up to me, gazed with 'terror into my eyes, and called me by my cousin's name.* Then I remembered the strong family likeness which has always been hud posed* to exist between George and myself. I had only a second to reflect, and in that moment resolved to play the part of spectre. Surely in this guise it would be easier to show'her the slight she was placing on her husband's memory. 'little did I dream what bold those wistful pleading eyes would gain over my heart, how sensitive and true a woman existed beneath that J«r73ing exterior. I came again, sever thinking she would be there looking for me, but merely to gaze at the light in her window, to picture her beauty. Rut I found her waiting, trem bling, and pale, eager to gain one word, one look. She told me she now loved me. with a love she had never felt for mortal man ; and as I listened I knew she had touched the hidden chord which opens the flood-gates of heart and soul, that I was no longer myself, but another being trans ported to unntterable bliss. And feeling as I did, how could I break the sweet yet fearful communion which sprang up be tween o! 1 bad neither the courage nor the will, having once allowed myself to drift.' The strong voice shook. 'You have behaved like a blackguard, bit '.' said the doctor. ' Think what it will be for this poor girl when she learns alL How she will despise you !' ' True love knows only pity and forgive ness !' came in tremulous accents from among the shadows of the trees. ' Yon Lave looked on from an outsider's stand point, Dr. Watson ; for me it is different.!' The branches were pushed aside, and the lovers stood face to face in breathless ex pectancy. Dr. Watson walked away dis creetly, without looking back. [The End.] 