THE PHANTOM OF CASTLE BALLYRAN. Jf^ '1' was a wild, itormy II evening upon which ? Will DarreH arrived I and took possession ? of hie suddenly tiM acquired estate of WL Ballyran, County Hk Gtlway, Ireland. Young, hamisonie. and talented, Will '~J)arrell had rtnigfcled, since hii boyhood, With adversity, and now, at the age of eighl-and-twenty, found himself a rioh man, having woke up one morning to the know ledge of a legacy, from a distant and til) then unknown relative, of twenty thousand pounds and Castle Ballyran. The money was in the Funds, and a transfer had been effected, when Darrell resolved upon h journey to the »isfcer oountry to inspect the property, of which he had heard only a con fused account. Be found, on his arrival, that the Cattle was a venerable old pile, and a young und enthusiastic artist, Uarrell viewed his possession with rapturous eyes. Far from any town, and at a considerable distance even from the nearest village, the old castle stood alone, in desolate grandeur, overhanging the rocky seashore. Tbe ap proaoh lav over a bleak and almost barren upland, and the gusty wind howled shrilly to the roaring waves. It was upon on* of the last days of Octo ber, the evening of which wm closing in, as Darrell. with his Irish agent, entered the great hall of the castle. A portion only of the great building was habitable, and for years no one hod resided there but an old man named Mike, and the crone, his wife, who were tbe custodians of the place, and had grown grey within its walls. Will Darrell and the agent were received most reverentially by the anfcientoouple, and were conducted to the chief chamber on the ground floor, the banquet hall of former days. It loomed large and lofty, and dimly grand in the grev twilight, ren dered yet more obscure by the discoloured windows, through, which everytbiSff w« thrown in shadow. The panelling was of black oak, relieved by the gilded quartering* of old families, and tbe dim portraits of old generations. At the farther end of the chamber was a duis,and above it hung some tattered ban ners, whiob bad done gooi service in their dav, and drank the blood and licked the dust of many a well-fought field. There were armB of almost every age, and here and there complete suits of ruetyma.fl stool out like gaunt and warlike spectres. A long tabto occupied the centre of the hall, but a few cbairs only stood at its head. Towards these the newcomers made their way as old Mike entered, bearing liuge candelabra*. Above tha immense chimnev-piece was carved some incident of the early wan, the design of whioh was lost to the eager artist's eyes of the young legatee, by the smoke that issued in thick volumes from the turf and green wood, but newly -lighted on -the large hearth beneath. ?- Weicnma. Mr. Darrell. Cead Mille Failthe, welcome to the old castle 1 may you live long, sir, to reside in it with all honour and prosperity I ' exclaimed tbe agent, warmly. ' Reside in it 1 By my faith I'll nevei leave it I What a glorious old place ; its ruinous aspect delights me more than would a gorgeous palace with our latest modern impiovements.' (razing admiringly around. Will Darrell was only roused from the most pleasant of ruminations by the return of the old people, bearing a couple of trays burthened with dishes containing boiled and roast fowls, dried salmon, oakes, oaten bread, and two decanters of whisky. Tired and hungry, the artist and the genial agent did full justice to all that war placed before them, the former partaking almost too freely of tb* .potent pothetn Until eleven o'clock the jovial companions caroused, when Mike offered to conduot them to their apartments for the night. The withered serving man, like most of his class, was garrulous in the extreme, and full of stories of ghosts and banshees. To these latter Will Uarell listened with much interest and au aooured smile. One tale particularly rivqtted the atten. tion of the young axtieit ; it -was of a phan tom whom report credited vith ucowlinp and gliding about the old castle at midnight —the phantom of a .young and lovely woman in white. The agent having retired, Darrell, con sulting his watch with a humorous tmile, Mked tbe aged servitor what particular portion of the oastle was moBt favoured by tbe ghost, and was informed that the lovely phantom bad been eeen gliding about in the habited portion of the building as us often as the chambers that were falling into ruin and decay. ' Vtry well, Mike. They say, 'After dinner sit awhile, after supper walk a mile.' So, as i feel now not at all inclined for re pose, givo me a lantern and I'll amuse my -self by finding our if this pretty phantom will (how up to the new lord of her domain.' ,.. 'Musha, »n* it's going over the castle »U by yourself, your honour, and close on widnight 1 Oclione, it's tempting Provi dence, shun ! ' said the old man trembling and devoutly crossing himself. ' Ob, don't you for, Mike, a lady ghost or no ghost won't . frighten Will Darrell ; and, perhaps, as I'm a single young nun tbe female phantom will ran away from me Instead of after me.' 'Bedad, the pretty colleen may lead you out on the rocks, shure, an' yer honour may be carried away the name as young 1'at Doolan, who was lost entoirely, blown out Jo»ae,»nd never heard of again, Mueha ! ' ' Well, I'll chanoe the rocks, the wind, and the sea, Mike, give me e. lantern ; I'm determined to find tbe phantom of Castle Ballyran, so say no more, bus off with you to your old datoe, and leave me to look ?bout for this young one. In the flesh or out of it, I'll have epeech with her, though all theehadeiofmy anoestors surrounded her.' Laughing at the lugubrious janitor the young lord of the old oastle, receiving a lighted lantern from hit trembling hands, boldly strode fropcj, the banquet ball, and presently began to mount the dilapidated staircase without. The w»ll* broken, and the casements beaten in, the wind in fitful blasts and rush ing sweeps met him in full foroeasat length he gained a narrow landing place ?bove, The bold artist, stopping now for ? moment, stood by mi open niche to breathe tht night air and listen to the surging moan of the sea as It laved the beach, laughing ] iaioud at attracted by the frlure of the Inn- 1 tern a huge eat dashed full in his face at the j very moment that an owl set up her melan- ' choly, weird tu whit, tu whoo I Pursuing his way through a long gallery, undismayed by the rala that, startled from their holes, scampered over the black floor like frightened rabbits, Will Darrell, hold ing high the lantern, pressed on until he gained an apartment, vast, gloomy and very scantily provided with orazy antique iiini ture. A bed at one side the room rtufced dark and hearse-like, and its proportions to the eye of the artist seemed fit for a com pany of light infantry, who might pre viously have eat down together to sup in the fireplace, wherB four' green logs were making asthmatic attempts at a smoke. Tbe walls were hung with torn arras, and there were balf-a-doeen portraits of former owners of Castle Ballyran. At the farther end of the room from the bed Darrell observed a door, thab appaiently opened into some lesser ohamber. Profound quiet now reigned throughout the old building, and, swinging his lantern to and fro, WillDarrell was stepping to the duor that had attracted his attention when he was startled by a loud sigh and the tap lap of tiny feet bb though a child was run ning across th« floor. ' So the ghostp are beginning the game. I never heard yet that phantom* required fires to warm themselves by, and, as this apartment wm certainly not intended for my bed-chamber, situate as it is in the uninhabited part of the castle, the matter, to say the least of it, looke suspicious. 1 made up my mind to have a squint at old Mike's phantom, and it appears to me my curioaity respecting the female ghost is very likely to be gratified.' Soliloquising thus, Will Darrell, undeterrred by the sound of a faint moan, boldiy made for the door front ing the hearse-like bedstead. The means -of egress to this chamber being on the latch the bold young artisL threw it back on its hinges, starting and uttering an exclamation of wonder as he caught tight of tbe fiiture of » voung woman. A lovely woman, habited in a whit* drew, and who by her attitude as she stood star ing at the intruder, whilst in her astonish ment and alarm grasping for support the back of an easy American chair, was as surprised and confounded as he was. For a moment Will Darrell stood upon the threshold, staring in amaze at the beautiful vision before him, and then with a loud laugh made a dash forwards, as the woman with a shriek bounded away like a young fawn out through an opening in the wall at the back of the chamber. A huge panel having been slid aside by an unknown hand, the fair occupant had at once availed herself of this retreat opened to her. About to follow the substantial phantom, the young Irishman was seized in the grasp of a shock -headed Irishman, who, with a broad grin upon his tanned and humorous features, exclaimed : ' Whist, yer honour ! be sisy ; I've seen Mike, he tould me a? ye meant to aa* the phantom of the castle, and, bedad ! you've frightened the banshei instead of her frightening you. Shure, hut some, Musha, it's all the boys as'll be glnd to sae yer honour.' ' Humph I I think I understand mat ters. ' However, lead on my friend, I'll fol low ! ' ejaculate! Darrell, at once un hesitatingly treadiusr in the footsteps of his ijuide. Threading their way onward through the deserted chambers, they presently reached t, roofless tower, and from thence descended 3\. long winding staircase leading to the [srags. Over these was Darrell conducted by bis guide, he knew not whither, hearing only the bellowing of the ocean, and the scream of the sea-bird. At length a dark abject seemed to oppose further progress, but the Irishman thrust the brushwood aside, and led tbe way on through a narrow winding pastuge, apparently hollowed out uf tbe rocks. \- A loud shout now broke upon the ears of Darrell, and the next instant he.waa in the centre of a wild group who welcomed him with uproarious cheers and boiaterorus mirth to the emugelere' oave of Ballyran. With a laugh as hearty as their own. Will Darrell seated himself upon a keg, and much to the delight of bis rough com panions gulped down a glass of pure polheon 'Jial lit felt assured had never paid luty. The story was soon told to tbe amused young artist ; Castle Ballyran, o&tring; admirable facilities for head quarters, Dan liafferly'a smuggler hand had decided to spread the repoit of the building being haunted. Norah, the chiefs daughter, a romantic, bold young colleen, consenting to enact the role of phantom. Surprised, however, that night by the new lord of the castle, we have eeen how the young lady ghost ran for it, instead of mirthfully he holding tbe flight of her victims. Tbe carouse of the smugglers and tbeir honoured guest wae kept up till early morn. Will Darrell deriving miiob amusement from the oonfusion of the agent and old Mike, who both had. of course, been in league with the smugglen. We never heard it the smuggler band after this disoovery dispersed to ' fresb fields and pastures new,' but we do know that Will Dai rell became the husband of the pretty phantom of Castle Ballyran. 