AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS AND CO-OPERATION. The discussion in regard to agricul tural implements and co-operation is going to do a great deal of good. We owe Mr. 'Wbitmee a lot of thanks, and his letters are work ing like leaven in meal. Our usual fashion is to curse the ' middleman,' and wait till some chap comes along with a new scheme that is going to knock the ' middle man ' out in one act. Then we hand the new-comer our shekels, and when they are lost for ever we begin to realise that we should have been more careful. One-half the readers of this paper appear to have been ' had ' over some wild scheme or other. We have no desire to call up the ghosts of the great departed, but our readers can do it ! We need a drastic change in our methods of buying and selling. Nearly all of us are agreed on that point The farmer needs to get his machinery at a greably reduced price. Correct ! What this paper desires iB that the farmer should understand why machinery is so dear. If we had a Boer monopoly here, and nobody could sell reapers and binders or ploughs except one special firm, we'd fight. My troubles ! Bat wo have dozens of people selling agricultural machinery, and cutting each other's throats ab the business. Why 1 Because of diiliculties that we'll show you later. The trouble isn't so much with the middleman as with tho pro ducer. We need to organise oursolvoa. We need to organise on tho lines of the Farmers and Settlers' Association, and then we'll dictate terms to all machinery manufacturers and agents. So long as tho men on tho land can bo dealt with individually, ' one -down and the other come on,' they are powerless. It's no use bucking. Until we are a compact body wo lira helpless. You'll see the matter of ' Agricultural Implements and Co operation,' discussed in these columns, and you'll maybe see daylight between the chinks. This paper is on the side of its own customers — tho Inlanders — and this paper is going slow, and going carefully, bub we'll get there in the end. 