TUB SOUTH UIUSHANE ELKC- TION. Tiik result of tlio South Brisbane olec- tion on Saturday is u ship in tho fnco to the Government. Thu contest was purely between Mr. -lonos us the en dorsed Government eiauliilnto and Mr. Turley as the Labour Opposition mini unite. An attempt was nuulo by uuiny Governniont supporters to ilmp a reil liorring across tlio trail by nuking tho contest ' Federalist v. anti- bedemlist," iustead of for tlio Govern- niont or against tile Govornnieut, but the attempt failed. As is well known, the weight of public opinion in South Brisbane is against tho Bill, ami houco the only chance of the Government re taining tho seat was by running a ciui- diilato who was st mrnrlv ,, .t» i >v of ti,n I Hill. When Mr. W. Stephens. M.L.A., tohl the Premier that if a Federalist cumliduto was run for the electorate by the Federal Premier he would vote for Mr. Turley, the reply of the Premier was : " 1 do not care who yon return so long "as he supports ths Government. Of course the Premier was. placed in a most awkward position. Tho only hopo he had of returning a supporter of his Ministry was by approving of a man who was opposed to his Federa- tion Bill, for it was painfully obvious to him that if ho put up a Biilito ho had not tho ghost of a clinnco of securing tho seat. Tho Frontier had to chose between his Ministry and his beloved Federal Bill, and whon it cnuic to such a choice ho( did not hesi tate ono moment in throwing over tho Bill. What to him wa9 all tho beauti- ful' sentiment of "Ono People, Ono Flag, Ono Destiny," whon tho exist ence of his Government was threatened '? In tho present position of parties, and with the result of cortain scats still doubtful, tho Ciovorn- mont are not in such a position that tlicy can aiVord to loso ono voto, or, really, what means two votes in a division. Ilcnco Fodcral sentiment was nothing in Mr. Dickson's oyes compared to the risk of a seat to the Government, and tho cruel part is that, despite this desperate attempt to rotain the scat, it is lost to tho Government. Thoro is no gainsaying that fact; no explanation cnu smooth its unpleasant ness from a Ministerial point of view. Even tho amusing attempt to mako Federal capital out of Mr. Tnrley's victory has completely failed in its ob ject. Mr. Turley did not stand as a Federalist ; ho stood as a straight-out opponent of the Government. Tlio very best authority as to his position should bo Mr. Turley bimsolf, and thnan are his woWls. snnknn at his first mooting, as reported in the Brisbane Fedoral organ : — This contest was between tho Governniont nnd the Labour party. If they believe the Dickson Govornnieut was the best to he kept in power, of course tliey would vote against him. If, on the other hand, they belicvo in the policy which the Labour parly had ad vocated, they would return him. There was, therefore, to be a straight-nut tight between himself, ns tlio Labour candidate, and Mr. loues, as the Ministerial representative. He stood there on the Labour platform. If further proofs wero wanted they aro supplied by Mr. Turloy's words at tho declaration of the poll on Saturday night : — His side had told the people from the start that this election had nothing to do with Federation, with tho result that the question was sunk in the interests of Labor. Therefore this election had no hearing oil Federation, upon which they would have their votes nguin on the 2nd September. And yet, despite these words of tho victor, the Fcderation-at-any-prico journals torm tho result of the South Brisbane olcctiou a " great and distinct " victory for Federation !" Wo do not grudge thorn such a "victory" (?), and if thoy aro satisfied with such a ono wo can only say they arc very easily satisfied. But it indicatos to what straits the Billitcs aro reduced when thoy claim Mr. Turloy's return as a Biilito victory aftor Mr. Turley tolls them himself that it is no such thing. Knowing tho unpopularity of the Bill in South Brisbane, Mr. Turley was careful not to obtrude his Fedoral viows. Theso viows, as a matter of fact, hampered liirn most materially, for had bo como out as an anti-Billite in addition to being a straight-out oppo nent of tho Govornmont, his majority would havo boon a most sweeping ono. But Mr. Turloy is entitled to tho cour age of his opinions, and the fact that ho was able to carry tho election, do- spito his handicap, testifies to tho feel ing against the Government in th metropolis. Instead of tho contost being, as some of the any-pricors would have it, a Federal one, it is notable that not only did Mr. Turloy clearly state tho issues in tho above quoted words, but ho was supported on tho platform by gentlemen who are among tho strongest opponents of the Bill in tho colony, such as Messrs. Kidstou, Hurdncrc, Lesina, and Dibloy, who stood shoulder to shoulder with sup porters of tho Bill, liko Mossrs. Daw son, Brown, and W. Hamilton. At ono of Mr. Turloy's meetings, Mr. Kidston bogged the olcctors to remember that the Bill had uothiug to do with tho contest on Saturday. Thoy would settlo tho fato of the Bill ho hoped 011 tho 2nd September, but on Saturday tliey wore simply asked to givo a voto for or against tho Government. The samo evening another meeting was addressed in sup port of Mr. Turley by Mr. Hamilton (Biilito) and Mr. Lesma (Anti-Billite), who both took the samo lino. Then there is no stronger supporter of tho Bill in Brisbano than tho " Austra lian," yet, in lust Friday's issue, in tho course of an articlo dealing with the South Brisbane election, that federal journal thus advised tho South Brisbano olcctors : — It is uencinlly conceded by all parties that but for Mr. Tnrley's straight out expression of opinion in favour of Federation, he would, to use n turf expression, romp home " easily this time. . . . Federation is absolutely in the people's hands for September 2nd next, and, apart from his individual vMe, he 1ms no more poworto stop it or help it along tlmn the humblest individual on imy electoral roll of the colony. Let Saturday's vote speak for what is before it, and when Federation comes up it will he time enough for us all to strip and tight that issue out by itself and 011 its merits. There can bo no doubt that dospito the advieo (riven tho minstinn «xf Mm Hilt did, toa certain extent, interfere with Mr. Turley, and there is clear proof that, us tho " Australian " says, had bo boon an unti-Billite I10 would have " romped homo." As it is, tho result of tho contost clearly indicatos that tho Govornmont aro in had odour in tho metropolis. Despite Mr. Stephens' active support, that gentleman making it a personal mutter, tho endorsed Govornmont candidato polled 20-1 votes less than Mr. Stephens did last March. The result demonstrates conclusively the utter indifVeronco to tho fate of tho Government manifested by tho metro polis, and one is really not surprised at this, considering recent actions of the Premier. For instance, in his Kilkivan speech thu other day, he ad ministered a " slap in tho face" to tho interests ottno metropolis by promising that tho Nanango lino should be ex tended from Kilkivau, thus diverting tho trade to Maryborough, despite tho fucb that a number of Brisbane mer chants arc anxious that the lino should go in another diroctiou. Liko ho St. George Railway, there are several rival claimant for the Xanango line, and it also is un doubtedly a ease which should bo referred for decision to the I proposed Parliamentary Works Com- mittee. But tho Premier inado tho samo blunder at Kilkivan which hiM ropeated at Warwick by " fcukingr . aides "and imperiously assorting " tho , > " lino must stare iroin hero ; I havo . " said it." At "Kilkivan ho oven went further, and used those words with reference to the Xanango extension : — " He could assure them that ho " would lot no Brisbane influence "deter him." On Saturday last " Brisbano influence " rotorted with a counter " slap in tho faco " to the Pre mier by tho roturn of a candidato pledged to voto for tho defeat of tho Oovernniont of which Mr. Dickson is tho head. 