THE ROMANCE OF THE GBEYST8HES. — — — ? m ? Afl AUSTRALIAN STORY. (BY H. ARNOLD NELSON.) CHAPTER V -(Continued). When in the grey light of early morning the luadre stole from Thekla's room, the latter was sleeping the deep sleep that follows on in tense mental exhaustion. The old lady's face was worn and sad, and the red eyelids showed iliat the tears shed during that night had been bitter. She had patiently supported the inert form of the sleeping girl until her aged limbs wore numb with the weight. She feared to move lest Thekla should awaken from the brief respite from troubled memories; at last the suffering became so acute that she was compelled to . change her position. She half carried, . half, dragged the unconscious Thekla to the low ottoman in the bay window. When she had' placed her on it, and made her com fortable with the pillows and eiderdown quilt from the bed, she patiently took a seat to watch ihe sleeper through the hours wiien all slumbered. ? For there were times when she dreaded leaving Thekla alone, lest there might be danger of her mind giving way in these terrible despairim? fits of recollection and fear. Such scenes as this of to-night were always followed by days of deep depression and quiet melancholy. . As she sat on mutely by the side of the girl to whom she had nobly shown a mother's lojse, her mind travelledback through ine events of the pasfl The girl lying beside her, whom =.she loved as dearly as ever daugh ter was/'lij.yed, had spoken of having had her day of happiness and love. She too, plain, quiet old Annis Prescott, had had her day; far back her memory wefit, on aching pinions through the mists of time, when she was young (pretty she never had been), a girl in her father's rectory,, amongst her three hand some sisters, wh& had all later made such brilliant marriages. She had lived her golden day; such a good day it had been, too, that left nothing to remember but tender recollections of a girl's first and only love given to the hand some sailor cousin who had come down on a visit to his uncle (whose heir he was) at Grey stone Court, and amongst his distant cousins at the Rectory singled out for his boyish atten tions the plain girl of the family. Charmed by her noble, unselfish disposition, it was but lender regard he held for her, though she did not know it He sailed away from England, and did not come back again for many years; by that time he had loved deeply, and lost his first love; and, years after, loved and won his first love's daughter in far-away Australia. That sailor cousin was Thekla's father. His homely, middle-aged cousin had held out the hand of honest goodwill to hdr cousin's wife when he brought her home to England, and was her truest and best friend through the happy years of her short married life. When dying. George Greystone's wife had committed her infant 'Thekla and her ten year old daughter, TJiora, to Annis's care, Annis never guessed that George's wife knew her secret. George himself had appa rently forgotten those old. dear days amongst the hawthorn dells of Devonshire^ those me mories would only fade from her mind with the dawning light of eternity. Her sisters had married, her parents were dead; yet for his suke she had waited on through the* rolling years. Other men had sought to win her and gone disappointed away; now the world saw in her only a plain old maid, with a kind heart and helpful hand; yet the romance of her youth with its depths of womanly love was as fresh and green in her old heart as ever it was in its maiden morning. She looked forward to meeting on the eternal shore all she had missed on earth, when, in ihe morning of the imrno.rtal.lifej weary hearts would be satisfied and -sorrow and sighing flee away. She was weary, and ready to go whenever called, with her scroll of life inscribed in noble characters, finished and ready for the Judge's eye. CHAPTER VI.-A RUSSIAN ADVENTU RESS AND AN ADVENTURE. Thekla had, after all. little cause to fear an enemy was coming on the wings of retribu tion to lay bare the hidden places and draw aside the curtain that concealed her life's skeleton. For, whilst she paced her room or lay in her friend's arms in the agony of des pair, miles away in her luxurious f oom in the ? sumptuous country house of an Australian mil lionaire, a beautiful woman crouched, looking —as Thekla did— with troubled thoughts, on the peaceful scenery of mountain, cliff, and sea, bathed in the silvery moonlight. But the color of her thoughts was not as the other wo man's; in her mind was no regret for past mis deeds, only a fear of consequences, and a raging, . fiendish regret lest she might not be able to satisfy'ner tiger-longing to crush still more a helpless, erring weman, who had so great and just cause to curse her. The discovery of Thekla's presence here had been an unexpected shock to the Countess, who had schemed deeply, and laid great plans for herself, here, in the southern colonies, whither she had come, an adventuress, to be received with open arms by the leaders of colonial society. To-night the Countess's sub tle brain had much to think of, to plan, ar range and scheme, as to how she could escape the probable consequences of earlier scheming. For she had played with human hearts and lives recklessly; the dark angels of the world of sin had hovered over and round about her, and too often had given the sad victory into her hands. ? '~- To-day, as the gay and fashionably beautiful Jady had bravely bcrne'her part in the pass ing show, who of all that felt the witchery of her beauty, and the fascination of her pre sence, would have thought that under the fair swelling bosom dwelt a heart full of bitterness — that there writhed and reared its horrid head the serpent Conscience, never more to be still ed! These were the remembrances of a wo man who had. gone sadiy wrong, and then fallen into still lower depth; but she bore her part well; although, in, every strain of music that fell so Sweetly on' the flower-scented air, borne on every waft of the soft spring breeze, was a voice that was heard only by herself. And mingling with that still, small voice was the cry of a despairing woman as she fled away in the darkness of a Russian winter's evening to ahnost certain death — fled from the home of him she had loved and trusted too well, to be frozen to death or devoured by wolves in the snow. And following upon that cry came the burst of fiendish laughter that had echoed after the distraught creature, as she rushed from the presence of the remorse less woman who had branded her with shame —the laugh of a woman who was in heart and intention a murderess! The Countess was,; after all, only as other women with a memory and a conscience; bat she must 'go on remorselessly along the path she had marked out for herself. She had hop erl that some good man might-.ba induced by her beauty, in its later bloom, to care for her, and to offer her. an honest love, a name and home, inthis strange land; and she, too, was yearning to drink of the waters- of forgetful .nese. .. John Grauaiue had seemed to her when she ?* first met him a few weeks ago in Melbourne vas approaching more nearly -to her ideal man lhan she had ever hoped to find. How she 'longed for one honest heart to love and shelter /lier with protecting loyalty— one who would believe in her and trust her! Alas! that men should .scorn the creatures whom* their own deeds had banned. But in the end she concluded that her safest course at present lay in flight She would make an ex cuse and go to 'Melbourne; then atthe appoint ed time she would proceed to the Western District, to the country house of some friends ! whom sne had made during- her stay with the ' M'Intoshes. She had come down here to see more of JGfcn Grahame, to know him better. She had need j of all her calmness and self-control In the game that she was about to play; when, like a ghost of the past, a blind girl' had stood accus ingly before her, and told her that her hated rival of bygone days was near at hand. For ! years she had held a rod of iron over Thekla Greystone, and she knew well that, living or dead, she would keep the terms -of their bond made hi a distant land. And yet' Thekla was older now, therefore wiser; if she chose 5to turn upon her persecutor and defy her, what could she dc? Nothing!1 The whole fabric of falsehood she had built up would totter to its fall, and she would be ruined. She would not have cared much in the past, but now — - No! no! She must go on. Oh! how she hated Thekla Greystone— with what a vindictive, cruel hatred! A wicked gJeam came into the blue eyes, and yellow ! flashes crossed them as she pictured to herself | how she could watch the agony of her vic tim as she stood at the stake of social martyr dom, when her story — the story of an aristo cratic lady— would be told in all its bare facts, and the scornful hand of the world be pointed at her. How the stately head would droop in shame! Then she would fly again in fear of the' scorching breath of public censure. Ha! ! she had crucified her for a long time, she had j taken her fill of vengeful hatred. So long as Thekla had remained hidden from one who might seek her, her secret was safe. Such had been the bargain made on that stormy day nine yeans ago, in furtherance of which she had forced Thekla to write words which would proclaim her- faithless to the man who would read them. As she took the sheet of notepaper from un der the girl's- trembling hand she laughed ex uitingly. With that horrid, mocking laugh ringing through her brain Thekla had rushed ! in despair from the house of the man who had 1 loved her so well, and so ill, out into the wild, snowy evening. The Countess had always told herself hi the years that had passed since that day, and when her conscience spoke, that she had not intended such a fate to overtake j her rival. Many a remorseful hour had she i passed through on account of it; and yet to d;iy, when she learned that Thekla Greystone was alive, she found the old hatred against her still flaming in her heart, and a regret that she had not perished in the snow, as she had supposed. Yes, she hated Thekla Greystone, and yet— and yet— would it not be better under present circumstances to cry a truce— yes, even to confess all, to throw herself upon .the mercy of tbose\whom she had injured? Might not such a stepieven bring her heart's desire nearer to her? Thekla Greystone was no thing to her now, the old jealousy had gone, al though the vindictive hatred remained— ha- tred that had been first engendered by the thoughtless words of a man whom she had re spected deeply. ' She could not quite make up her mind; she would wait a little longer. Thekla did not know of her proximity. To moriow she would go away from Longreach; she would think, arrange her future plans. j' She was so weary of it all; perhaps she would do right, even at the eleventh, hour— perhaps. She was not wholly bad; only life Lad been bitter for her. and she had tried to reialiate. With these thoughts thronging her mind, she laid her golden head wearily on the pilk»w; there was no pitying friend to comfort or care for her in her moments of sad recollec tion and unhappiness. The Countess did not know all that had oc curred during the night in Russia. \ She did not see Thekla go- stumbling blindly on as if by instinct through the gates of the park, and away on the snowy track that led to the dis tant capital. On. on, she went, stumbliag through the snow half consciously. Was it, she wondered deliriously, the read to or from Avernus she was travelling? It could not be. to that place, for the way thither is said to be smooth and pleasant to the traveller. She heard a distant howling come over the plain. ' She 'dreamily remembered that eld Michael, the castle custodian, had told her that morning not to wander far in the snowcover e.J park, as the wolves were about ravenous for food. Soon they might be mangling her body;'but what matter? There was one who would grieve when he returned andjiound his hall desolate. He promised to be with her to- day. Was it yesterday, yester-week, or yester-year that he had kissed her, and strain ed her to his breast at the frontier station where they had parted— he to go on to the capital, she to his castle, there to await his coming when affairs of State would let him; and where later she had been confronted by the injured wife, of whose existence she had been up till that moment entirely ignorant! She never thought of the wrong done to her self. His arms would be empty to-night and for evermore; he would think her worthless and false, never guessing all that had occurr ed. She would rest to-night under the canopy of the wintry sky, in a soft shroud of snow, that would so gently woo her to a fatal sleep — the sleep that was fast stealing over her ex hausted frame, now sinking helplessly on the gleaming snow. The feeling of rest was sweet to her tired brain; all the events of the last few hours seemed unreal. Were they after all only a dream, a nightmare, from which she would presently awake? She heard vaguely the distant howl of wolves drawing in a cir cle towards her as they scented prey. Bnt the sh6ck she had undergone was so great that all other fears fell away from her. Were those great, glaring lights coming towards her the eyes of a wolf? How large and bright they seemed! No! they were sledge lights; and presently the sledge whirled past her, going in the direction of Valladimer, she supposed, for the road ran through the estate belonging to the man who had deceived her. . Travellers often passed along it behind the powerful sledge horses which so often raced against death following fast in the shape of hungry wolves. She did not see the two people in it, ?driver and passenger, but she guessed it was the wife flying from fear of the vengeance her husband might take on her as the destroyer of his unlawful happiness. She did not know; she was too deadly* tired to raise her head, to think or to speak.' A moment later - ,from her snowy bed she could hear the distant muffled soHind of horses' flying feet, then th'e cheery sound of silver sleigh bells fell on her ear. She knew these: thoy were the bells of his horses. As the sledge and pair of majestic horses came thun dering along the snowy road, the thought of the man she loved quickened the half -congeal- ed blood at her heart It was his sledge! In that instant the terms so lately made with the injured wife were forgotten. She struggled helplessly to raise herself from the accumulat ed snow that weighed her down, but her ex haustion was too great. Then she recovered all her failing strength for one despairing cry as the sledge came abreast. The borses rear ed to a stop, suddenly drawn in by the driver's powerful hands. 'What was that, Ivan? Surely I heard my name called,' she heard him say to the man by Ms side. 'It sounded like a human cry.' 'It was a human cry, master — a woman's cry,' replied the man. : The one addressed as master was out of the sledge before his servant ceased spaking, walking iB the direction whence the cry seem ed to pj-ceeed, a lamp from the sledge in his; hand. ? He did not -see .the buried ' woman, al though' he almost stepped upon her, tor. two, great wolves, starting up .'from where they iiad been expectantly crouching, when the jadiant I disc of light fell upon them^ scoured aisray ' across the white plains. . 'Pshaw!' he. muttered; 'I was deceived by I the whine of one of those hungry wretfches. ^ Thank heaven! no unfortunate creature is lost 1 on such a night as this.' ; -. ? ' . ?' -He retraced Ms steps iq where the impatient l horses waited, trampling .the snow into foam i ing piles. ?_',-' ? ? 'A pair of old Steppe Tiuriiers like you.and me, Ivan, to be deceived by . the howl of a wolfr'.he said, as he resumed his seat under the Kwarek/ns, and took :tli^.reing% into Ms liaiieL 'Master,5' said old Ivan, ^earnestly, 'I -know a wolf's cry well; too.often have I heard them, I as you know, and that cry was not a wolf's howL I pray you, let -me search, - My old. eyes are more used to the snow than your - young ones, that have gazed on Iand9 where the grapes ripen on the hillsides.' T Jie. master acquiesced with a good-humored . shrug in Ivan's request; and the old servant iett his seat and searched round more tho roughly than his master had done; yet he could discover nothing, and finally returned to whe.'e tiie Gther sat smoking his cigar, his thougnts on the young girl who, he thought, was await ing lib coining in the castle yonder, the lights of which' shone faintly in the .far distance. All Thekla's uneasiness would be set at rest now, and they would begin their life of love and happiness under ideally fortunate circum stances. ' 'Well, Ivan, did you find a fairy, or a witch, or a human being?' he asked good-humoredly. 'No, my master; there is no one there. And yoc it was not a wolfs cry.' 'It could scarcely be anything else, my man; but come, we have done our duty. Carina and Olga are impatient for their warm stail^, ana I,' he added to himself, 'for the caresses of my beloved.' ? ? — ? The horses with loosened rein dashed for waid as he spoke, leaving the gloTj and love oi his life lying buried in the snow that stiU came softly falling— falling with the deepening night ; But the Countess knew nothing -?f this, nor what followed. . , (To' be continued.) 