Maud. MacCarthy : An Impres sion. . . Miss'Maud MacCartjjy is not an automatic j ?figure that answers set questions in a striobly. proper way. She came into the drawing room with an adorable unconsciousness, and we.'murmured ' What a child she is !' She , . turned for a moment to speak to Mr. John' 'Lemraone, the flautist — thanked him, if we remember right, for his playing of a previous evening— and she became a woman. She said just the righ't thing, just what an artist would eay. Tnere was no word or adjective of the merit of his number, but just simple thanks as is right and should be all between fellow artists. Simply dressed in dark green with a re lieving sash of darker red, her brown hair1 well back from a -$lear clean brow, witfi pleasant brown eyes that would sooner laugh at trouble than persuade it with a tear, she came across again presently, and leaning back in an easy chair prepared — oh, so obviously— for an infliction. / 'You have been interviewed a great deal?' ? . The answer was a shrug, a shade of half humorous weariness, and with a nice comedy touch she said very seriously, as if a life was at s bake : ,.' Yes,1 a great deal.' 'Does it bore you'' It was the woman of the world 'that answered in very, proper terms : ' Oh no, of course I'm deeply grateful for the interest and kindness that the press takes in me.' There was a silence, then of a Budden we all laughed — Doctor, Mrs., Miss MaoCarthy and the interviewer — at some hidden humor. Tne press is always so disinterested. For the' moment she was unmistakeably the .child, the young, happy girl that played because she loved it, and excellently 'because she could not help it, and no wonder anywhere. But the burden of the interview ?came back, the ghost of cold print made her prim1 again. ' ' I am not good to interview,' she said, ' bub if you 'ask questions I'll do my beBt to answer them.' But what was there to ask. Nowadays we all know London, Paris, and the Amerioan cities so ? well that to enquire of them was superfluous.* The life of a musical student, too, is without great variety. The daily lessons, the talks with the. master, the con* cert plat form, theintroduotions to oelebritios, passings to and fro from oity to city to delight large audiences, this as with others was Miss MaoOarthy's daily life, with simple recreations, swimming, , oyoling, and long \ walks to preserve the English roses that bloom on her cheeks. The . conversation . soon beoame general, . and then we saw the artist as she really is, simple, unaffooted, and affeotionate. Still the young girl that saw in her parents all the best that is in the world. Ingenuous, ?too, for quaintly out of tho mouth of a daughter of MaoOarthy came the words: '?Tho Queen is a darling ' ; and there was no doubt that oho meant it, This waB intended to bo an interview, but Jfc must remain an impression; the differ ence between oreative and interpreta tive art is so great. If Miss MaoOarthy had advanoed in the former as far as she has progressed in tho latter she would have much to tell ; but there, again, she would be much older. Here is the law oi compen sation. As it is— this is judging by the oritioism in tho ' Timos'— Miss MaoOarthy has more than won hor spurs, she rubs shoulders with the* world's best violin players,; but of course it would not do to ex peot from her profound philosophies on men and matters. At present her heart is centred on her art, and she is sensible enough to see that if sho is to attain tho highest plaoo oho must always bo the humble student. ' Of course sho has mot mon and women of high station and highor talont in artistic oir olos, and has mob thorn on a footing it is given to few to obtain. Sho miBsod Kipliug, but she mot Stoad, and who ia to nay whom ia the creator journalist. Tho musical namos ?on nor Hat of friends aro logion, and it would seem that thin young lady has boguu life under happy stars, and will sail boforo isofb winds. That oho bun uover had an ad verso oritioiHm tolls ibs own story. Bnt instead of tho muoh-travollod young lady, familiar ..with groat names and pro ?Bonoas, wo profor tho pioturo wo Baw that afternoon, when bIiu muigglud ciIoho to hor fathor'n Hhouldoiv lilco tho vorioHt child, and gontly chid him i'or ontoring into deputa tion on tho gontlo art of making ononiios with this deponent. It waB pretty and tender, and told how littlo tho ofootrio lights, oxoitod audionooB, and Bhoworu of flowers had affected hor tiimplo nature Argument could not livo thoro, and, too, it waB tho Bwoatoat moniont to tako our loavo of hor. The Arrival. ' MlflB MaoOarthy had quito a royal ro ception on her arrival in Sydney on Friday. The proceedings , was arranged by an in- j fluential committee, including the Ministry I and Mr. G. H. Reid, and the Hon. John ! Toohey and Mr, .Valentino Heaton. The members of the Ministry were unable to attend, and Mr, See wrote a most appreciative letter, ins which he declared that Miss MacCarthy had shed . honours on the oolony. The steamer Dawn met the Oroya at the Heads, and Mrs. and Miss MacOarthy came on board amidst, great enthusiasm. Among those who went down the harbour to wel come her were- the^ Hon. J. T. and Mrs. Toohey, Mrs. ?, 'James Toohey, Mr, J/L. Mullins, Mr. and Mrs. P. B. Quinn, Mr. Oalvert, Mrs Percy. Oreed, Mr., Mrs. and the Misses Baxter, Mr. and Mrs. 0' Ryan, Dr. Laure, ' Mr. J. Laure, Mrs. Ahem, M. and Mme. Kellerman, , Mrs. John See, Mrs. Kenna, Mrs. Meeks, M. and Mme. Sogur, Dr. Johnston, Dr. Cope, Mrs. Norman, Mr. P. R. Larkin, Mr .D. O'Con nor, Mr. Laurence Phillip, Mr.C. 0. Hey don, Herr Volmar, Mr. John Hunter,' Mr. and Mrs. V. Heaton, Mr. Lemmone, Mr. Oox Taylor, Mr. Donovan, Mr. Blakeney, Mr. Sullivan, tho Rev. Father Fitzgerald, O.F.M., the Rev. Father Birch, O.F.M., Mr, Marish, Dr. W. E. Warren, Mr. George Rignold, Mr, Tighe Ryan, Mr. De Groen, the Messrs. Healon, Mr. A. Burke, Mr. F. Burke, Lady Parkea, Mrs. and Miss Ohis holm, Rev, Father Flemming, and. others. Sho was formally welcomed by Mr, Toohey. Mr. 0. G. Heydon, M.L.O., Dr. Warren, Mr. D. O'Connor also spoke, and then several ladies presented her with baskets of flowers, one ot the best being a beautiful basket of Australian wild flowers presented by Mrs. Valentino Hoaton. 