PARLIAMENT. -A LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. THURSDAY, NOV. 2. The Speaker took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock. "I PRESTON SHIRE COUNCIL WORKS BILL. This bill was introduced and read a first time, on the motion of Mr. Gair. GRIEVANCES. On the formal motion to go into Committee of Supply, Mr. SALMON said he wished to draw attention to the shipment of 51 hogsheads of tobacco leaf sent from Victoria under the supervision of the Agricultural department in the Vondel to London. That tobacco had been selected by the Government expert, and graded and packed under his supervision, and yet on being examined on its arrival in London by to bacco merchants it had been pronounced to be worse than the poorest American leaf, and was worth but from 3d. to 4d. a pound. That surely showed that there was something wrong with our method of growing and curing the leaf. Our growers were desirous of securing a footing in the British market, and care should have been taken that the consignment was placed on that market under the most favourable conditions. He had been shown that day some splendidly grown Victorian tobacco leaf, but it had been ruined, not by the blue mould, but by not having been properly cured. The Government made a serious mistake in increasing the excise duty on Victorian Brown leaf made into tobacco, as it forced our manufacturers to use more of the imported leaf. The grower had been injured, as the home market had not been secured to him. If the growers were to be aided they should have their leaf placed on the English market under such conditions as would ensure success. Mr. XAV1SRNI5R stated that the growers were quite satisfied with the advice given them by Mr. Jlondurant, the Government expert, who was leaving at the end of the year to undertake a post in the West Indies, which had been offered to him by the British Government. The great drawback to the tobacco-growing in dustry was the blue mould disease, for which no remedy had yet been found, and the combination existing among the purchasers of the leaf in Melbourne. The monopolists in Melbourne objected to the shipment of leaf to the London market, as it tended to relieve the glutted market here, and caused them to pay more for the leaf they required. The first trial shipment in 1807 realised 10d. per Ib., and that by the Vondel was expected to bring 3d. or 3d., so that the prices were improving. Tf added to that was the bonus of 3d. per lb., which the Government gave on the export of the leaf, it would be found that the growers got more than they could for their product in the Melbourne market. Mr. MURRAY SMITH. Yes; with a bonus equal to the value of the tobacco. That's nice for the taxpayers. Mr. BOWSTEU pointed out that the trial shipment in 1807 was stemmed, but that by the Vondel was not, so that the latter was realising a much better price than was apparent at first sight, as the stems weighed about a third of the weight of the leaf. The excise duty was too high, and ought to be reduced to 6d. per Hi. He agreed with the Minister that Mr. liondurant was a most valuable officer, and that his work would have a beneficial influence, in the near future. One result of the policy of the Government in sending leaf home was that the growers could now obtain 46. per lb. in Melbourne for their tobacco, whereas three months ago they could not get 3d. a lb. for the first quality. Mr. MURRAY SMITH believed that the industry was, more likely to be strangled by red tape than by blue mould. As far as he could understand, a large portion of the tobacco sent home was condemned because it contained a great deal of water. It was not a judicious transaction for the Government to pay a bonus of 3d. a lb. for water, and it was not likely to encourage the growth of good tobacco. The great industries of this colony? the wool industry, for instance had not been built up by the coddling method now being adopted. All the Government should do was to see that all unreasonable impediments were removed, and to provide a means of educating the growers. Mr. TRENWITH said there could be no doubt that the tobacco industry had been improved by Government interference. A great mistake had been indulge in permitting more tobacco to be sent home than Mr. liondurant thought wise. He hoped the Government would consider whether it was not possible to introduce a short bill to reduce the excise duty to Cd. Mr. M'KENZIE agreed with Mr. Uren with that the excise should be reduced. If the Government would introduce a bill as suggested, there would be little difficulty in passing it. He approved of assistance being given to the tobacco-growers to enable them to establish an export trade. An expert in London, who made certain recommendations, said they had been studiously ignored so far as the tobacco exported was concerned. Mr. lionduraut must have ignored these recommendations. If the Government had not the best skill it should obtain it. The industry should not be allowed to suffer for want of knowledge. Mr. K. S. WILLIAMS favoured the reduction of the excise lo ed., as he believed it would mean an immense increase in the production of the leaf. Mr. J. HARRIS had found that the growers had the greatest confidence in Mr. llonduiiint. he did not agree with Mr. Murray Smith in regard to Government as- sistance, for there was no doubt that the butter bonus had done a great deal to de- velop the rural industries. Mr. GILLIES said there were two in dustries in this colony that could be improved enormously, and they were the wine and the tobacco industries. The successful cultivation and manufacture of to bacco would prove of great advantage to this colony, but to promote the industry we required men with knowledge and the gift of communicating that knowledge. The duty paid at the Custom-house annually on imported tobacco amounted to about £05,000. A good industry had been worked up in connection with our butter trade, and the same could be done for the tobacco industry with proper treatment. Instead of wasting time discussing this matter, the Government should set about doing some thing, because if a success could be achieved in this direction the Minister, whoever he was, would deserve the thanks and gratitude of the community. The trouble with the wine industry was the same as that with which the tobacco industry was handicapped. Tobacco could not be produced in sufficiently large and constant quantities and regular quality. Mr. G. DOWNES CARTER said the first thing to be done in the matter of cultivating the tobacco plant was to ascertain whether there was soil and climate in Victoria to produce good tobacco. It was only wasting people's money to encourage them to start growing tobacco indiscriminately anywhere in the colony, because it was certain that there were only particular parts of Victoria where tobacco could be successfully grown. Those parts should be discovered before anything was done. Mr. MADDEN agreed that it was necessary to find out exactly where the to bacco plant could be successfully cultivated. What had been said about the wine industry was perfectly true. We could never hope to produce first-class wine until the people were encouraged to dissever the growing of the grapes from the making of the wine. The two things were as different as the growing of sugar-cane and the making of cane sugar. Mr. MALONEY said he would vote to reduce the excise duty on the tobacco leaf from 11d. to 6d., as it would encourage production and be more in accordance with the protective policy of the colony. Mr. LEVIEN said that because so far the export trade had not met with any very great success we should not be discouraged. IVrlmps the reason was to be found in the fact, that the leaf sent away was not altogether sound. Before the heavy bonus was paid to exporters the Minister should see that the leaf was perfectly sound. He had no doubt that we could grow a good serviceable tobacco in this colony. Mr. JOHN ISAACS said it was time that some action was taken to assist the to tobacco-growing industry in the colony. We had it on expert testimony that our soil and climate, were well suited to the production of a good leaf, and of the excise duty was either considerably reduced or abolished altogether the industry would soon get back to its old buoyancy. At one time we had no less than '2000 acres under tobacco crop. Mr. (haven and Sir. M'Lean also urged the reduction or abolition of the excise duty. FACTORIES AND SHOPS ACT AMEND MENT 111 M,. The House went into committee to consider the factories and Shops Act Amend- ment Hill. On clause 1, "Short title," Mr. MURRAY SMITH moved the following addition to the clause as an amendment, and shall not come into force until a Parliamentary inquiry has been held on the effect of the previous net." He could not understand why the request for tin in quiry was resisted by the Government, its one was manifestly required before the operation of the net was enlarged, and the measure njuccd permanently on the statute book, The Government must know that if this House would not grant an inquiry | the other Chamber world. The chief inspector of factories (Mr, Ord), in his last annual report, made such damaging admissions, and such extraordinary statements, as not only justified, but necessitated, an inquiry. Mr. Ord, speaking of the export tr.Ti'e in Victorian-made goods, said that our manufacturers would no doubt find it difficult to compete in other markets with manufacturers who had not to pay the minimum wage adopted in Victoria. That showed that our export trade was in danger not only of being lessened, but ultimately of being extinguished, because our manufacturers were handicapped as against those of the other colonies by having to pay the minimum wage. Again, on page 13 of the report, Mr. Ord pointed out that men who were not able to earn the minimum wage were required habitually to tell falsehoods to say that they received that wage when in reality they did not do so. Mr. Ord added that the men were afraid that they would not get work unless they committed perjury. That destroyed the whole principle on which the minimum wage worked. A man had either to perjure himself or starve! What an indictment against the principle was that. How could anyone justify a policy which habitually necessitated decent, honest, hard working men perjuring themselves steadily and constantly. That, in itself, was alone enough to condemn the whole principle of the minimum wage. Mr. Ord went on in the report to display ignorance of ordinary commercial principles by stating that those men who could not earn the minimum wage should receive an old-age pension, apparently quite regardless of the age of the men or where the money was to come from to pay the pensions. If a product was not worth what was paid for it in wages how could a producer or manufacturer go on paying that minimum wage. It was said that if a man was too old to be paid the minimum wage, the Chief Secretary could give an undertaking, not that the law should not apply, but that the manufacturer would not be prosecuted. How nice it was to place a man within the shadow of the criminal law, to be dependent merely on the whim of a Minister that he would not be prosecuted for having given employment to his fellow-being. That was not a proper position to place either a manufacturer or the Minister administer- ing the Police department in. Moreover, if a man was to be allowed to work for less than the minimum wage, then the whole argument in favour of fixing an arbitrary wage went by the board. Mr. Ord suggested that the difficulty of the surplus labour in the boot trade might be met by the men working shorter hours, spreading the work over a greater number, and he added the wages would, of course, be less pro portionally." Mr. Ord, however, over looked in urging the adoption of that course, that it would be an infringement of the minimum wage itself. Hon. members were told in the report that the export trade in furniture had declined from 24,000 in 1860 to £37,000 in 1863. Mr. Ord remarked that some of the furniture I manufacturers asserted that this decline was due to the minimum wage having been in operation in the trade in the last year or so, and be remarked, "They should certainly be in a position to judge." The chief inspector went on to say, "But it might be shown that other causes have hugely affected the export trade." It was that conflict of statement which made it necessary that there should be an inquiry into the working and effect of the act. The manufacturers said that the minimum wage had wrought harm instead of good, and there were others who held a contrary view. That all tended to prove that an inquiry was needed, and he hoped therefore his amendment would be agreed to Mr. TRENWITH said that the demand for an inquiry had been made to frustrate any legislation this session on this important subject. There had been inquiries made by many hon, members. When trade had become a little slack, as it would do at times in the ordinary course of affairs, the manufacturers, instead of telling the men that they were being discharged The cause trade was dull, blamed the Factories Act for getting rid of their services. As to the export trade, it had always been as serted, even in the beginning of this century, whenever legislation was proposed to aid the workers, that it would injure the export trade and destroy the commercial supremacy of the British race. Mr. PEACOCK said that if the amendment were carried, it would have the effect of indefinitely postponing the bill, and also of causing the loss of the legislation already on the statute book. Sir JOHN' McINTYRE ? Yon can extend the period of the operation of the act. Mr. PEACOCK, The amendment did not provide for that. The class of people for whom this legislation had been placed on the statute book numbered nearly 100,000, and they had asked for its re-enactment The act would expire in the first session after January next, and that was to be a short session to deal with the question of the federal electorates. He could understand the hon. member moving the amendment on clause 10, but to attempt to postpone consideration of the bill be fore the House and the re-enactment of the act seemed to be ill-advised. The demand for an inquiry was now made for the first time by members of Parliament. The request had only been made by the Chamber of Manufactures, and he had tried in vain to ascertain who the members of that body were. It had not yet shown that it represented the manufacturers of the colony, and, if it did represent them, why should it be afraid to prove it: The request for an inquiry was really a request for delay, and came in some instances, from those who were opposed altogether to factory legislation, He hoped hon. members would reject the amendment. Mr. MADDEN considered that the Chief Secretary's duty was to do what was right to all parties, instead of upholding one particular party. An inquiry was desired to ascertain what was right. Some members seemed to object to any light being thrown on this question, but he was determined to get information; and if it could not be got in that Chamber, it must be got somewhere else. Mr. Ord, the chief inspector of factories, showed that the poor unfortunate people who were striving to earn a living in their own homes had l>ecti deprived of work by the Factories Act. The Chief Secretary did not agree with Mr. Ord on this point, and this difference of opinion only showed the necessity for inquiry. The act, it was said, would cure sweating, but it had not cured it. Why should there not be an inquiry to find out why it had not cured it? He would therefore support the amendment. Mr. RAWSON asked why the Chief Secretary never attempted to answer the statements made by Mr. Murray Smith. The Chief Secretary' had stated that only 80 old or slow workers had been thrown out of employment as the result of the act. fly what method did the hon, member arrive at that conclusion? The 80 referred to were persons who had been permitted to work for less than the minimum wage because applications had been made by them or their employers. He believed that the number of slow workers thrown out of employment was more than six times the number represented by the Chief Secretary. He had had statements from large niiniufiii'tiircrs who said they did not see why they should go to the Chief Secretary to obtain permits for slow workers when they could got plenty of men who were capable of earning the minimum wage. We had had three years' experience of the working of the act, and we had, therefore, something to go U|kiu in making an inquiry. Members could not arrive at a just conclusion as to the effect of this kind of legislation without obtaining information, and that could only be done by a proper inquiry. Mr. WATTS said he would not have spoken, had it not been for an unworthy suggestion thrown out by Mr. Rawson that there was a conspiracy of silence on the part of those supporting this measure, in order to hurl; inquiry. The silence was owing to the fact that the bill was largely one of details, and did not possess any vital principles which had not been generally conceded. The proposal of Mr. Murray Smith placed many supporters of the bill in an invidious and embarrassing position, because they did not wish to appear to back investigation, and yet they desired that the benefits of the present law should be extended. The ghost of the old and slow worker had been raised again, at thought he thought it had been laid for ever by the careful administration of the act by the Chief Secretary. By deciding (but the old and slow worker should not be used, as he had been previously, to cut down the wages of his more competent brother-worker, the Parliament had agreed to have an unemployed problem in that respect, to be dealt with later on, rather than have a sweating problem. The reason why he objected to the delay which an inquiry would entail was that the large number of operatives in those trades to which the law did not apply, and who had petitioned for its benefits, would be denied that privilege for at least twelve months. Mr. G. DOWNES CARTER said they were all agreed in wishing to see any alteration of the law which would achieve the object the Government had in view but before they gave effect to those wishes they should take some little trouble to see whether the steps proposed to be taken would accomplish their object. The object was to benefit the employes, but that could not be done if the employers were driven out of the colony, under the coming federation, through harsh factory laws lip had no hesitation in saying that the minimum wage and the Factories Act were the causes of all the unemployed difficulty in Victoria to-day. Sweating was a hard ship, and low wages was a hardship, but no employment at all was worse than either. He would suggest, in no hostile spirit, that the Government should consent to allow the present act to be extended for twelve months, so that in quiries could be made in he meantime. Mr. B.ENNETT said he would also urge the Government to extend the present act for twelve months, until inquiries could he made into certain regulations which now pressed heavily upon the manufacturers who really supported the factory legislation He had no sympathy with many of the statements made by the Chamber of Manufactures, and he did not think they voiced the opinion of many legitimate manufacturers in Melbourne. The inquiry could be held during the recess, and, although he would not place much reliance on some of the evidence that would no doubt be forthcoming, he thought it would be a wise stop to permit an inquiry to be made. There was not the slightest doubt that sweating still existed in many trades. Even among those who belonged to the Chamber of Manufactures, he had little doubt that there were sweaters. In the interests of many legitimate manufacturers who desired to assist the Chief Secretary, he asked that the present law be extended in the first place for twelve months. Mr. J. HARRIS hoped the Government would accede to the appeal of Mr. Bennett. The net had done a great deal of good, but, in considering an important piece of legislation of this kind, the fullest investigations should first be made, in the interests of the whole community. Mr. MURRAY SMITH said that by leave he would like to withdraw his amendment, and move in its place that "the existing act he continued in force until the expiry of the first session of next Parliament, and that in the meantime there should be an inquiry into the working and effect of the present act." Mr. WILKINS objected to the withdrawal of the amendment. It was not necessary, he said, to hold an inquiry. Those hon. members who were opposing the bill would oppose it under any conditions, as they did not believe in the minimum wage. Mr. GILLIES hoped the hon. member would not persevere in his objection, but would allow a straight vote to be taken. Mr. ANDERSON was of opinion that on the act would stand criticism there was nothing; to fear from an inquiry. The act had done much good, and he was confident the result of the inquiry would be to prove that and remove any opposition to its enlargement Mr. IRVINE suggested that the clauses continuing the present act in operation and rectifying the defects in the act should be passed, and those extending the scope of the act to other trades should stand in abeyance pending the inquiry. Mr. T. SMITH, while approving of the bill and admitting that it had been asked for by thousands, was not blind to the fact that if this House did not grant an inquiry the other Chamber would. It was a pity the Chief Secretary had not granted win in quiry some months ago. when the Chamber of Manufactures asked for it, as it could have been over by this time. Air. GAIR had no wish to block the bill, but he thought, seeing the feeling on both sides of the House, the Government should accede to the request for an inquiry. Mr. LKVIICN appealed to the Chief Secretary to accept lite amendment for an in quiry. Mr. GRAY was at a loss to know why the demand for an inquiry was not put forward last year. The effect of carrying the amendment would be to deprive many who desired take advantage of the provisions of the act from doing so for twelve months, and he hoped, therefore, there would be no inquiry. Mr. WILKINS withdrew his objection to the withdrawal of the amendment. Mr. MURRAY SMITH withdrew the amendment, and moved the addition of the following words to the clause: "And the aforesaid nets shall be continued until the expiry of the first session of next Parliament." He submitted that if this were carried it would mean that the House was in favour of an inquiry, Mr. TRENWITH regretted that this course was being pursued. The principle of the Factories Act had been affirmed by Parliament and by the people after a century of inquiry. -The demand for further inquiry was merely a subterfuge. Mr. DOWN US CARTER protested against the remark of Mr. Trenwith Unit the demand for inquiry was merely a subterfuge. As a large employer of labour he had always carried out the provisions of the net, and always intended to do so. Mr. 15. D. WILLIAMS said it would be very unfair to take a division that night. He moved that progress be reported. Agreed to. A PERSONAL EXPLANATION. Mr. PEACOCK said that he had been asked by Mr. Gair whether certain figures quoted by him on the second reading of the Factories and Shops Bill referred to Messrs. Bickford and Co., fuse manufacturers, of Bendigo, he was not at liberty to disclose which particular manufacturer the figures referred to, as that information had to be kept private under the existing act. However, he would point out that one of the inspectors had reported on Messrs. Bickford and Co.'s place, and had called it a model factory. ADJOURNMENT. At five minutes past 11 o'clock the House adjourned till Tuesday week. 