THE NOVELIST. "SHADOW AHD PEACE." CHAPTER XXIX At that moment their father and mother entered tho room, and Nellio went into raptures to tliein over tho wonderful invi tation she had just received, without nuigniug to tatcc any notice ot iter erotner s remark. Jaeky's memory however was rotentive, and his powers of intuition woro some what remarkable ; so that when, a few minutes later, Nellie began to read out huoIi portions of tho letter as were suitable for general hearing, and presently came to that sentence which spoke of Robert Kirwin's plans for the winter, his sister recognised tho paroxysm of coughing with which Master J ncky -was soized as being tho result of design rather than of a cold. Shu glanced appealingly at her brother aerost tho tablo, for tho Vicar was a stern and autocratic father, and his daughter know well that a few thoughtless words might destroy her chance of accepting this enthralling invitation. To her un utterable relief thcroforo Jack hid his face in his napkin for a moment, and then applied himself assiduously to tho con sumption of his porridge. latter on however, when the father had stated his willingness to spare his daughter if her niothor could do without hor surriccs, and tho mother in her turn lmd declared that alio did not feel justified in refusing an opportunity which offered such vory healthful and — er — educational advantages, Master Jack had his own ultimatum to deliver. 'I could have knockod that nico little trip 011 the head if I had chosen,' ho an nounced, seating himself on a corner of tho schoolroom tablo and fixing his bright brown eyes upon bis sister with the air of ono who feds himself to bo undisputed master of tho situation. ' Yes — I know you could ! And if you had you would have been a nasty, miser able, jealous little wrcteli !' returned Miss Nellio promptly. ' What good would it liavo done you to have spoiled my chance of a holiday V Juek swung his legs with undisturbed cuiuplnccncy. 'That's not tho question my dear. Tlint question is what good am I going to get from allowing you to hava your holiday? What I want you to under stand is that you have to thank mo for getting permission, and that you ought to do what you can for me in return. Now, if you go to ono of tlioso big foreign hotels, you nre bound to meet all sorts of pcoplo — French, Germans, Russians, Italians, Spanish, Swedes ' 1 Yes, yes. Well, I know I shall. What of that V ' Stamp,' roplicd Jack solemnly — 1 postage-stamps. You have got to collect stamps for mo. And you can send as many duplicates as you liko, because I can swap them with the other fellows if I don't need thorn myself. I want to get my album as woll as Fletlior's. If you won't promise to collect stamps for ino ' 1 But, Jueky dear, I will. Dear Jacky, I will' indeed. I promiso you faithfully that I will,' cried his sister in eager protestation, blessing in hor heart the schoolboy mania which tho power to rcstain tho uiischiovous words which might liavo destroyed hor most cherished hopes. How little sho dreamed of all that had boon involved in that short discussion, «f tho tragic events which woro fated to tako pinco in that sunny spot where the llowcrs mado an eternal summer, and the sea rivalled in colour the azure skies ovorhead, how innocent tho part which alio herself would play tlieraiu, and of tho fateful consequences which would follow, altering tho wholo courso of her life. CHAPTER XXX. A Lose narrow room, furnished with quaint un-English- looking chairs and lounges, covered with yellow silk brocade, a polished parquctcrio floor, niarhlo fire place a wood firo feebly endeavouring to holds its own against tho rays of tho intruding sun, and through tiio drawn muslin curtains a glimpse of a cloudless bluo sky and tho bold outline of tho Estorcl mountains. Cannes, beautiful Cannes, basking in the glory of an eternal suminor. In an arm-chair near the lire a stout elderly mail wns seated, evidently indulg ing in an afternoon nap ; a red bandana handkerchief was thrown over his head and face, his hands woro clasped loosely together over a copy of tho Times ' that was laying upon his knoo. Now and then, when tho sleeper's loud breathing deepened into an unmistakahio siioro, a trill of subdued laughter wns heard train the tar one! ot tlio room, whero two girls wcro bonding over a basin of flowers, transferring its fragrant contents to small wooden boxes which wcro about to carry tlioso precious blossoms of tho South to friends in England who were fortunate enough to bo living in tho midst of warmth and Bunsliinc. Tho fogs and chills of November had driven Mr. Murray and his family away from England ; and, whilo lie reposed at caso on jiis chair by tho fircpinco, his daughter and friend were busily engaged in sending inossnges of remembrance to tho dear ones left behind. Tho girls spoko in whispers, so as not to disturb tho sleeper at the other end of tho rooiii ; but tiio sound of his own ston- terion breathing nrouscd Mr. Murray now nud tiien to semi- consciousness. The two girls worked away until all of tho flowers woro disposed of, and were hnnilv ,'Ti ",i "prl tviri" tin and addressing tho various boxes, when tho sound of wheels wns heard on tho gravel beneath their window, and Nellio, dropping her pen, rushed towards tho window and gazed out with an air of eagerness and excitement. ' Luggage on tlio roof. Hurrah. Aw fully nico luggage, hath, portmanteau, leather boxes. One, two, can my eyes deceivo me? two wholo live men seated inside. Oh, Gwen.' By this timo Gwen had sent a score of address-labels fluttering to tlio ground as sho hurriedly ran to her friond's side. Opening tho long French window, sho stepped out oil to the balcony, standing in such a position as to command a view of the doorway without being seen by any below. Tlio sunshino glinted brightly across the buro wooden floor ; but tho wind lmd in its touoli a keenness, and tho suscep tible sleeper by tho fireplace- shivered, awakoning instantly. ' Now then, shut that window. Como in this ininuto, Gwen. What do you mean by standing out there without lint or jackotl I can fool tho wind right over hero. His daughter looked round at him with an nffectiouato smile, but paid not tho slightest heed to his commands. 'Dearest old dad, you havo forgotten how tlio timo lins been going. Its tlio omnibus returning from tho stution ; and there are, Nellie says there arc, two wholo gentlemen insido. And they havo baths witli them, so they must bo Englishmen. Isn't that good nowsl You will bo thankful to havo one or two more Englishman to speak to won't you ? 'Goolncss knows I shnll,' ejaculated Mr. Murray, rising from his seat and crossing tlio room towards tlio window. ' Humph, that's not a gentleman, that's a valet ovidonily.' A young man, well dressed, hut unmis takably a servant, had jumped out of tho omnibus tho moment it drew up before tho wido flight of stops ; and tlio girls' countenances for partners of thoir ago and nationality were soniowhat scarco in tlio palatial hotel, and tho weekly balls consequently foil somewhat flat. Tho girls looked more crestfallen than ever when, after an anxious collgquy with tho waiter, an invalid-chair was produced from among tlio luggage, and preparations were ovidently mado for tho romovnl of an invalid to his room. ' An old man, paralysed, with a valot to wait upon him. Good gracious, it might just fas well liavo been two more old maids,' ejaculated Gwon despair ingly. ' Ho will be of no uso to us, Nell. But parliaps, if ho is intelligent, father may liko ' Sho stopped short, for at that moment tho two men wcro carefully lifting tho invalid out of tho omnibus. Gwen had been correct in her surmise as to tlio nature of illness of tho invalid, for ho luy liko a log in the hands of iiis bearer', his lower limbs falling witli a helplessness pitiful to behold. But sho had been wrong as to his ago, for ho raised a dark handsome face, clean- shaven, and lighted up witli an expression of interest and curiosity, to survey the facado of tlio hotel. ' Oil, how awful. Ho is quito a young man. Poor fellow, to bo so terribly crippled. Oh, dear me, I don't think I could bear that. What a life,' cried Gwen, with warm-hearted sympathy. ' And lie looked quito cheerful and con tented toe. Nell, if ho stays iiero for any length of time, you and I will get to know him and bckfnd to him. Ho must bo lonely with only a servant for a companion. I am sure he would like us to go and keep him company sometimes. Sir. Murray laughed with hearty on- iovment. ' Ho would bo a stupid follow if he didn't 1' A moment later tho door which con nected tlio bed-rooin with the sitting-room was thrown open, and Sirs. Murray entered. ' Waiting for me, dears J I hope I haven't kept you too long 1 Maurico has everything ready. Bring the tray at once, Maurice, please; I am afraid we are rather behind our time. Havo you two girls boon busy with tho flowers the wholo afternoon ? ' No, indood ! Wo havo been watching tho arrival of tho latest visitor from the station, an invalid-gentleman, mother, paralysed evidently, and quito young nnd good-looking ! Isn't it sad ? Maurico, you know everything, did you hear any thing about his coming, who he is, was, or what was tho matter, and how long he is going to stay ? Has Aiphonso been as confldcntin! as usual upon the subject 1' 'Aiphonso' was tho iumo of tho waiter attached to the rooms occupied by Sir. Slurray's party, a lively and obliging Frenchman, who had shown unmistakable signs of favour to the demure French maid. ' I've heard very little, Miss Gwon,' re plied Maurice, ' Aiphonso is too busy to liavo much timo for talking. I boliovo the gontloinan is to havo the bluo ' salon' opposite to your room ; and tho two bed rooms oponing out of it are for himsolf nnd his man. Thoy are English people. ' Freaks,' I believe tho name is ; I saw a latter in tho hall addressed to tlio ' Hon ourable Cyril Froako.' Aiphonso did say tho gentleman was a great invalid, nnd lie wondered that lie did not tako rooms on tlio ground-floor ; but tho mnn who camo over to arrango said that his master set great store upon a view, and thoy linve n carrying-chair to tako him up and down stairs.' 'Tut, tut, it's nn awful thing, really 1 a Helpless cripple in tho very pnmo of life !' oxclaimod Mr. Murray. 'Woll, Rcndcll will bo hero next week, and, if Grey only comes across for Christmas, ns ho said ho would, ho will bo a welconio addition to our party. Grey couldn't do bettor than tako a fortnight's holiday lioro; I shnll toll hiin so noxt timo I writo ;' nnd then the conversation dopped. Mr. Murray sottled himself down to study tlio liithorto neglected 'Times,' Mrs. Murray and Nellio pro duced dainty pieces of fancywork, and lazy Gwen, taking up a book, settled herself comfortably upon tho sofa, and gave horaolf up to the enjoyment of a quiet hour before it was timo to dress for tho soven-o'clock dinner. When at length sho adjourned to her own room, sho gave a glanco of curiosity towards the doors of the apartments occupied by tho interesting arrival of the afternoon. Tho sound of voices and footsteps came from within, and the subdued sound of laughter. ' How good of him to bo so cheerful 1 I am sure I could never laugh again if I were in his placo,' was Owen's comment as she entored her own room and resigned herself to the hands of hor maid, who proceeded to array hor in a pretty silk costume. Half an hour later, Maurice having taken her departure, Gwen stood regarding her reflection in tho mirror and striving in vain to keop the tell-tale dimples in subjection. 'But what's tho uso,' sho sighod, 'whon there's no ono to see mo? Tlio next moment however sho wns blushing crimson with dismay, to find that' sorao one was looking at her very hard indeed and with every sign of admiration. She had opened the door to step out into tlio corridor, and had paused upon tlio threshold, raising hotli arms to hor hood, to assure herself that all was ill porfoct order before descending. As she lowored tlicm sho bccamo aware that tlio door of tlio blue-room, opposite to her own, was thrown wido opon, and that tlio Honourablo Cyril Froako lay upon tho invalid couch straight before nor, his oyes fixod upon hcrsolf in keen unflinching Rerutiny. At her first glanco however ho turned his head aside, and Gwon hnrried forward in a flutter of solf-conscious agitation. How ridiculous she must havo looked 1 What must the poor follow, stricken and holplcss, and witli a mind surely far abovo all the vanities and foibles of this world, havo thought of her ? Gwon wont on hor way sobered and humiliated ; but at tho bottom of tlio staircaso sho camo upon a group of girls, who were ovidently discussing a subject of onthrailling in terest. Conspicuous among them stood Nellio Graham, whose hlondo fiower-liko beauty contrasted strikingly with that of her noighbours, two olaborately - dressed American girls of very dark comploxion. Nellio raised her head as sho heard tlio rustlo of Gwendoline's silken skirts and eagerly beckoned to hor. . ' Oh, Gwon, wo have soen him I Tlio now arrival ! As I came along tho cor ridor tho door was \ ' ' Wido opon ?' Yea ; and ho was lying ' On nn Ilkley ? 1 Oh, my dear, did you seo him too ? Do you mean to say that it has boon opon all this time V ' Mussy 1 Ho did it on purpose, thon, I do boliovo 1' exclaimed the elder of the two American sistors in accents of con viction. ' Welj, I never heard anything liko that 1 See here 1 I came out of my room first of all, and, after I got outside, I called back to Natalio to bring some thing I had forgotten. Just at that moment tho door of tho blue-room was thrown wide open, and, whon I passed by, what could I do but look in, and there was tho Honourablo .Cyril Froako, just as meek and languid ns you please, lying there, taking me in witli all his oyes I After that comes Natalie, and after Natalio comes Miss Graham, and tho door was still wido opon ; that was nearly ten minutes ago, and now hero you como. Well, I don't know ; seems to me he's a mighty queer kind of invalid to lie there spying nt every one as they pass tho very first evening ho is here I' ' Seems to mo its going to he rather an embarrassing thing, running the block- ado every timo wo go up and down stairs ; but, as you say, it's pretty good times for the Honourable Cyril. Our maid told us that the man was most particular about tho rooms whon he came over to take them, and made all sorts of inquiries about the people on each side — said his master was so nervous and delicate ; I should say now, if you asked me, that he had got just about as much nerve as was good far him 1' CHAPTER XXXI. Dunixu the next fow days the visitors at the Hotel Splondido had not a thought savo for the invalid gentleman who was the latest arrival. Their interest in each other hod begun to wane somewhat of late, for thoy hod reached that trying period of a winter abroad when the first novelty of foreign surroundings had worn away, and it was still too early to feel thoroughly comfortable and settled dawn. The hotel was not yet full, moreover, for overy ono whose health permitted had elected to stay at homo until Christmas was fairly over; and tho English and American contingent, being thus far in a minority, were prepared heartily to wel come any new-comer who spoko thoir own tongue and could share their interests and occupations. On tho morning after Mr. Freako's arrival, when the man-servant, assisted by the obliging Aiphonso, was seen bearing his invalid-coucb into the garden, tlio excitement was groat among the various groups who were airing thein- solvcs upon the brood marble torroco or wandering slowly up nnd down tho wide garden- paths ; and it culminated when, after a short absence, the two mon reappeared, bearing between them tho invalid-chair in which tho Honourable Cyril Freake himself was seated. Tho invalid was sottled upon his couch, wheeled into a warm and secluded corner, and left to enjoy tho sunshine and the beauty of his surroundings, a pitiful- looking figure stretched nt full-length upon the long couch, his head raised above tho level of his body by a single oushion only. Tho onlookers exchanged glances, and shook their heads sympathisingly. ' Donr mo — doesn't it mako you fool thankful to have tlio uso of all your limbs I cried a kindly-faced maiden lady devoutly. ' Imagino having to lie there liko that day after day.' ' Ho can't even read to himself in that position 1' said Mrs. Murray. ' Lawronco dear, supposo you were to stroll across and read some extracts to him from your nowspapor. I think it would bo only kind.' ' There was a young man who" lived on a phnntation close to my father's wiion I was a girl,' bogan tho Amorican matron, in a tono of solemn importance; 'and he was paralysed right away down, all over his arms and legs'. Now ho couldn't move, not oven as much as to lift a spoon to his mouth, that young man couldn't ; and my fathor sent him for a month to our doctor — Doctor Silas E. -Wells— you must have heard toll of him — ho was the greatest electrician ever known ; and there he was fairly wrapped round with eloctrioity. And, whon he came back, I flflW him wifVi mv nivn avaa wnllrlnrv across tlio room on his two sticks. I wonder if this gentleman has ever tried eloctrioity. In the meanwhile the Honourable Cyril Freako was rccoiving Mr. Murray's friendly overtures with mnrked satisfac tion. He had not read tho copy of tlio Times which had arrived by the morning's post, and ho listened with tho deepest interest to the extracts which wore read aloud for his benefit, delighting Mr. Murray's soul by avowing himself a thoroughgoing Conservative, and by listening to his denunciations of tlio opposite party with a smile of sympathetic satisfaction. At close quarters Mr. Freako did not appear so young as he did at a distance, his faco being worn and heavily lined ; but his mnnncr was wonderfully bright and animated. Mr. Murray had ap proached tlio coucli prepared to sym- pathiso and condolo with him; but it sceincd unnecessary to express any com miseration for a man whoso oyes wcro raised to his witli such a cheery smilo, and who, in alluding to his infirmity, exhibited nono of that morbid sensitive ness which usually characterises invalids. ' I ain indebted to tlio kindness of friends for my nowR. I can read vory littlo myself, and, now that theso legs of mino refuse their olfico ' Mr. Murray's face lengthened. 'Ha — hum — yes. Vory sad indeed — exceedingly so? I suffer from gout my self, so I nm ahlo to sympnthiso. A rheumatic affection, I suppose.' 'Paralytic, rather? For tho last ton years I havo boon wheoied about liko this and I supposo it will bo tho samo to tho end of tho chapter. It is apt to got a littlo monotonous.' ' Bless my soul I' ejaculated Mr. Murray. ' Monotonous. I don't know how you boar it. A fellow must bo a porfoct saint to stand it.' Tho invalid clasped Iris hands behind his head and gazed up at tho palm-tree, whilo a curious quizzical gleam lighted up his eyes. 'Oh, I don't know. Thoro nro two sides to ovcry question, nnd tho other sido to this is that I might vory easily linve boon a lunatic into tho barginn. A shock of this sort often effocts tho brain ; so I havo something to bo thankful for, you soo, in having my sonsos still about mo.' Mr. Murray walked across tho lawn rubbing his hands and smiling witli the broadest satisfaction. 'Charming, my dear— charming 1' ho announcod, in his most pompous nnd com placent tonos. ' A most cultivated and intellectual man. Sadly afflicted, poor fellow but with courago nnd resignation beautiful — really beautiful — to behold, I foresee tlmt wc shall bo great friends. An immense acquisition to our littlo circlo.' Mrs. Murray looked across tho gardon, hor sweet faco all aglow with womanly tonderness. At this moment Mr. Freako was seen to raiso both hands in an attempt to move ids cushion into a sonio- wlint more comfortable position. It was a feat not easy to accomplish in his recumbent position ; and, as his patience was soon exhausted, his efforts became mora and more sptsmodic, until, giving a last nervous tug, the cushion fall upon tlio ground, far beyond his roach. Mrs. Murray and Gwen started simul taneously from thoir seats ; but tlio girl had sped across tho lawn nnd was restor ing tho cushion to its proper position before the older lady had accomplished half the distance. ' How vory kind of you to coino to the rescue ?' tho invalid said gratefully. ' My man has taken himself off, and I am such a helpless fellow when I am left to my own ro ources. Thank you so much — that is delightfully comfortable? — and he lay bsck, looking up into hor face with the bright whimsical expression that seemed so out of harmony with his liolp- less appearance. ' I think you must be Miss Murray, tiio daughter of tho gentle man who so kindly introduced himself to me a few minutos ago. ' Yo-s — I am Gwendoline Murray; and this is my mother, and my friend1 Miss Graham ' — Nellie, having overtaken Mrs. Murray, approached with her — 'who is staying with us. I think we nro very near neighbours of yours in tho hotoi.' ' Yes— I liolieve you are.' Mr. Freake paused to receive nnd to reply to Mrs. Murray's sympathetic greetings, and then continued, with a candour which com mended itself strongly to Gwendoline, 1 1 hope you didn't put me down as a very impertinent fellow last night, leaving my door open to watch you all going down to dinner. The fact is, I live Buch a quiet life, and that it is quito an excitement to sco some strangera now and thon ; and, whon ono is going to settle down in an hotel for d visit of any length, ono is naturally anxious to sco ono's immediate neighbours. Our corridor is quito full, my inan tells mo.' 'Your rooms were tho only ones disen gaged, I boliovo j but ask my daughter — sho will tell you all aliout ovory room and its occupants I' said Mrs. Murray, looking at Gwon with irrepressible pride. ' She's as good as a directory — knows them all off by heart. Don't you, my dear ?' ' I don't think I know more than any ono else !' protested Gwon : but no one attempted to speak, nnd Mr. Freake con tinued to gazo at hor expectantly ; conse quently, a moment or two later, she began her by no menus uncongenial task. ' Well, to tako tho most important peoplo first. Wo liavo four rooms our selves— two to tho front nnd two to the back — my own rooms oponing, as you know, directly opposite t» vour own. J-hcn, at tho very far end of the corridor, there are two ladies, an old maid and a widow. Tlio widow has a delicate chest, and tho old maid .a delicate throat, and, -when they are at homo, they live in a castlo with a moat and a drawbridge and a ghost, nnd everything in the mast correct mediaeval style. Tho castlo bo- longed to tho widow's husband, and will doscond to her son, who is at present at Oxford. Slio's a nico old lady, but sho has n prejudice against anyone who docs not happen to belong to her own family, and can't quito understand thoir pre sumption in daring to be alivo at all. Moreover, lot mo break it to you gently, sho writes pootry ! Aftor you have been hero a day or two, and havo said ' good morning ' to her onco or twice, some ovening, as you sit alono in your room, a knock will como to your door, and a maid will hand in a fat rod book, ' With Mrs. Hone's compliments.1 That is her book you think of them next morning. Thoro is very littlo to say about hor companion. Sho wears wliito cotton stockings nnd big flat shoes, with elastic crossed ovor her instep, and she has a Whitby jet brooch nnd a relaxed throat, and is about as lively and interesting ns a tame rabbit I Next to theso two como tho Van Dusens, but if you saw mo lost night, you must havo seen them also. They are Americans — South Americans — who havo been living in Paris for tho lost four years, nnd nre now wintering here for their mother's health. Tlio poor father has been at homo nil tho time, working hard at his business, whatever that may bo. Gold mines, I should imagino, from the look of affairs.' ' Ah, that is tho worst of Americans,' interposed Mr. Freako, plaintively, ' thoy are so disgracefully rich ! I must say, for my part, it prejudices me ' ' Oil, but I don't think it will whon you know theso pooplo. They are so amiablo nnd kind-licnrtcd.' ' I am thankful to find tlint thoro are no small children in any of tho rooms near my own,' ho rosuraod aftor a pause. 1 1 am necessarily a good deal in niy room, and, as I am a poor sleepor, my comfort doponds largely upon tho neighbours whom I happen to have. If I got noxt to people who sit up Into or linvo a crying baby, it's nil over with me. As it is, however, I feel sure ' ' Oh, yes, indeed ; I fool certain you will bo comfortable in your prosont rooms,' Mrs. Murray -hastened to assure him. ' Wo are very quiet peoplo in our corri dor ; in fact, I liavo been inclined to think once or twice tlint wo are too quiot, for, with tlio exception of Mr. Murray and a young Frenchmnn, who spends half his timo at Monte Carlo, wo havo not a singlo man among us. I was quito thankful wlion I heard ' ' Mrs. Murray stopped ehort, hor brows puckering ; but Mr. Freako smilingly finished tho sentence for hor in tho most calm matter-of-fact mannor. ' When yon heard that two men wcro coming to tako possession qf tho ompty rooms t I nm afraid I am a sorry stick to loan upon ; but my servant is a most roliablo follow, and as strong as a horse. If you should ovor require tho presence of a good ablo-bodied man, ho is very muoli at your service. Now, won't you plcaso go on with your descriptions, Miss Murray?' I am Jmmonsely interested.' But nt this moment tho gong sounded, proclaiming that tho luncheon-hour was at hand, and tho three ladies took thoir departure, Gwendoline reminding tho invalid that there was plenty of timo before them, and promising to hunt up all tlio interesting pieces of gossip for his edification. Lulu and Natalio Van Dusen woro loitering about on tho terrace, ongor to waylay tho two English girls, and cross- question them as to thoir interview witli tho interesting invalid. ' If my papa had bcon hero to introduce mo, you would not havo had tho chanco of a first innings, my dear,' cried tho vivacious Natalio. ' I kind of feel it's a slur on Amorican enterprise. Well, well, woll 1 What is ho liko ? As lovely as you expected ? ' No,' said Nellie. 'Yes,' said Gwon. 'How hqrrid of you to say that, Nellie I Ho is very nice indeed ; nnd lie talks about himself in a calm inatter-of-faet manner, without.; tho slightest sensitiveness, whioh I think is perfectly beautiful in tho circumstances. Yos, on the whole, I nm quito favourably impressed by the Honourablo Cyril.' ' ' And what did he say ? Whut.did you talk about all tho timo ? ' Wo talked about ourselves. He was exceedingly anxious to hear about the people in the hotel, especially those whoso rooms wcro near his own. I told him about Mrs. Hono and Miss Drew, and about ourselves and about you, my doars — wlint exceedingly charming creatures you were, and how bright nnd clevor and amusing, likewise kind-hearted nnd friondly, and half a dozen other flattering epithets more or less untrue I Thank you, ma'am, we are exceedingly obliged. Wo'll do the same for you some day. That is vory interesting as far as it goes ; but it doesn't go far enough. We'll take it on trust what he heard about us ; what we want to know is what you heard about him I' Gwen stared back with an expression of comical bewilderment upon hor faco. It has suddenly dawned upon hor that, whilo sho_ had been amusing the invalid with stories about tlio other inmates in tlio hotel, tho opportunity to which sho had looked forward had slipped by, and loft her no wiser than it had found hor. Of Mr. Freake himself, his history, his family, the placo whence he had come, his intentions as to tho future — of overy- thing, indeed, which concorned him — sho hod succeeded in discovering absolutely nothing 1 CHAPTER XXXII. 1 No, cried Lord Froddio energetically, ' no, it's not in tho vory least what I bargained for. I can take my stand against any ordinary fellow with tho use of his arms and legs, but a man with two game legs and a broken back — good heavens I A fellow might as well throw up tho spongo at onco and have done witli it 1' Lord Freddie hod arrived at Cannes only an iiour before, but ho did not appear at tho present moment in a mood to appreciate tho bright and charming prospect upon which ho looked, for, in a sheltered corner of tiio gardon, ho lmd nun lying upon an invalid couch, and besido tlio coucli sat a young lady, evidently engaged in reading aloud for tlio invalid's benefit. Every minute, moreover, some lady, returning from hor morning walk, would cross the well- kept lawn to say a fow kind words to tho sufforor before proceeding on hor way. For somo time Ixird Froddio watched this littlo drama in silonco, but his expression grow more perplexed, and finally his curiosity found vent in words. Who tho dickens,' quoriod his Lord- sh'P, 'is tho old Johnny in tho bath chair ?' His companion arched her oyobrows expressively. - ' The old Johnny, who does not happen to bo an old Johnny, in tho bath-chair— winch does not Irappon to bo a bath-chair is a gontleman in whom wo nro at present all vory much interested and she commenced a dissertation on tho Honnurnliln flm.!! 1tVAnf s-n i luuiuiitries ana fascinations, 'I was onco staying in a country houso,' Lord Frcdtlio'rcmarkod, whon tho lady had finished her story, ' whoro there were an awfully nico set of girls, and wo fellows were having a rattling good timo of it, when all of a sudden there arrived upon tho see no a soldier-fellow, with his arm in a sling nnd a scar upon his fore- era' ter that it was all up with us I Tho girls woro all buzzing round that fellow liko flios round a honey- pot, and it was as much as they could do to throw a civil word at another fellow. ' If he had been wounded in action there might have been somo senso in it; but tho boggar had only fallen from his pony at polo and S?' foot caught in tho stirrup. Sort of thing any fellow might havo done, but upon my lifo, if you bad seen those girls pouring out his tea, cutting up his food, and arranging iiis pillows, you might liavo thought ho had won tho Victoria Cross at tlio very least ! Wo stood it as long as wo could, and thon ono night Jimmy Bninos - you know J immy Bninos littlo carroty chap, with sido-whiskers and an eyeglass ? — got nil the fellows into his room before dinner nnd did 'om up in splints and bnndnges. If you had scan all tho fellows limping in procession into that drawing-room just boforo dinner, you would havo laughed for a month ! I thought tlio girls would never got ovor it. It taught 'em a lesson liowover. Tho soldier-follow wns kept in bis placo aftor that, nnd wc other fellows had no cud of a good time !' ' Nover mind, you shall bo introduced to our invalid,' said Gwon, laughing merrily; 'and I'm pretty sure you will like him as wall as wo do. Tho girl who is sitting besido him sow is our most intimnto friend hcio, Natalia Van Duson, nn Amorican hoiross, who is most anxious to niako your acquaintance. She lias never mot a real livo English lord bofore, and sho says it has been tho dream of her life to do so 1 What do you think of that ? ' Think I T think it's awful ? roplicd Lord Freddio solomnly. " ' It givos ino a turn to hear you say so. I am in mortal fear whenavor thore is nn American girl within n milo of mo ! Thoy are so go- ahead, you know. I'm not a inntoh for 'cm, and I feel I'm not; and that gives 'cm nn unfair advantage.' ' Yes ; but I don't undorstnnd. What is it you aro afraid thoy will do ? Lord Freddio opened his oyos very wido nnd dropped his voico to an impres sive whisper. 'I am afraid they will marry mo ! Oh, of coarse you laugh, but it's quito true ? They aro dead nuts on a man with a handle to his namo; and, as long as he can mnke 'om ' My lady,' it doesn't matter a rap what sort of fellow ho is himself I Is this Miss Natalie girl rioh ? ' Enormously rich, fabulously, wickedly rich I I think soinetimos, when I sco tier squandering money for no good whatever, when other pcoplo aro so badly in need of a fow pounds 1 ' Mysolf, for instance 1' sighed his lord ship dolorously. ' Ah, that's the worst of it I Sho will hear that I am hard up, and be fired by an ambition to reinvest an old estate with all its former glory. They all are ! It's all up witli me, I can sco ! Shall wo go and walk about a little, then?' — suddenly springing up from his seat. ' You might introduco mo to your precious invalid, I feel just in the mood to be nice nnd gontlo and consolatory ;' and he contracted his eyebrows in what was intended to bo a very fierce nnd alarming manner. His companion how ever ohoso to appear as if Bho took him literally, and, rising from her chair, led tho way across the lawn with complacent alacrity. At the sound of approaching footste Mr. Freako turned his head upon t; pillow, nnd ho and the now-comcr starei at each other with stolid half-resentful ouriosity. As Gwen w as-going through tlio usual form of introduction however Lord Freddio gave a start of astonish ment, and opened Iiis eyes with surprise and pleasure. "Freako — did yoi say 'Freako' 7 By Jove. Havo you any relativo called ' Edwin Freake ' — a young fellow about twenty-seven or twenty-eight— Dorset shire Freakes? I wns at Oxford with him, and he is now travelling in Autralia. Toddy Freako was tho closest chum I had at college. Awfully docent fellow. I supposo he's bound to be some connexion of yours V T'ho Honourable Cyril Freako drooped bis oyclids in a markedly cool disapproving manner. 'I hnve no acquaintance whatever with Mr. Edwin Freake,' he replied, in a chilling tone ; and Gwen was deeply thankful to Miss Natalie for tho tact with which she stepped forward, nnd, address ing to tiro young Englishman, averted the explosion of anger which from his rising colour seemed to bo imminent. ' That was abominable of mo, was it not ? Why could I not liavo held my tonguo? I am afraid you think vory badly of mo, Miss Murray; but ovory man has his weakness, you know, and mino is family prido. It enraged me to havo that young sooundrel tacked on to mo in that publ'o manner. All tho same, I had no Tjusiniss to flare np and hurt his friond's feelings;' nnd he looked peni- tontly across at Lord Freddio. ' A fow minutes Inter, as Gwon walked elowly away by Lord FreJdio's sido, sho listened to Iiis outburst of indignation witli a grnvo thoughtful face. 'Yes, it was certainly anything but polite to speak as Iro did of your .friend but lro felt hn Wfffl tbPrtnn — I moment afterwards. Whilo your woro talking to Miss Van Dusen ho told mo that ho was sorry. Yon must bo generous however, and forgot all about it. Wliat is Iro like, this other Mr. Freake ? Very nice, I suppose, or you would not bo so fond of him V Lord Freddio flushed and lookod un- comfortable. 'I was fond of him-yes. Ho was a good fellow at lioart ; but, of course, I dont mean to deny that he was a bit wild. He had hod too much lino, for his father was dead, and ho was a boggar for having his own way< Docen(. fe„ though, Teddy! If ho'd been at homo I dliovo written straight off to him and seen what ho had to say about this man. two to ono ho would liavo reeoived no better character tlmn he gave. I don't liko tho man; I don't liko tlio way ho has of staring, and I don't believe bo's nan ns ill as ho mnko3 out nitlmi- 1' . I tlunk wo had better drop tho sub ject, returned Gwen. 'It will bo exceedingly unpleasant for us if the moment you arrive you take a violent friends'0 aeains1, one of our most intimate I shall hate him liko poison if ho makes you talk to mo liko that I' tho young lord cnod omphntically. 'And I haven t been a couple pf hours in tho place too!' At this eloquont reproach Gwendoline was fain to unbend, and she smiled at him with returning favour, lor the next few hours nothing morn was seen of Mr. Freake ; but when Bf noon tea was about to bo served in Mrs Murray s private 'salon,' Lord Freddie's spirits sank to zoro whon he discovered that preparatrons woro being mado f tho invalids reception; aud presently a knock. sounded at the door, and Maxwoll tlio valet entered, wheeling a chair, from which Mr. Freako was lifted and laid upon tho sofa, which had been placed ift readiness for him closo to tho tea-table. Everything was managed with an ease and dextority which showed that this was not the first visit, nnd the nowcomer was forcihly reminded of Iiis memorable visit to a country-house ns ho watched Owen's arrangemonts for tlio convenience of ths sufforcr. Lord Froddio Rcoivled and averted his oyos r- solutoly from the distasteful scene; and, in avorting Iiis eye3 from Gwen, ..ho fixed thom .intently upon Miss Nathalie Van Dusen; who wns sitting by his side, arrayed in tho most 'fetching ' of frilled silk teajnckcts, nnd anxiously awaiting an opportunity to nrnko herself agreeable. Mlss Nathalie smiled, showing .hee wliito tcoth ; whereupon Freddio, being an amiablo young man, and naturally more prone to smiles than to' frowns, beamed in rosponso in so friondly a manner that the vivnoioua young woman wns eneoar- agod to mako furthor ndvances. ' I'm real gind to sco you,' sho deolsrod, with characteristic frankness ; 1 wo have been expecting you for nn ago I . Mrs. Murray told us all about you ; and we've been perfectly set up nbout your coming/ Lord Frcrldio looked, ns ho folt, otfm- plctoly bewildered. You— you are awfully kind ; 1'm.snra I don't dcscrvo it i Ladios always are in a htirriblo majority at'thoso places, I sup poso ; and any sort of a fellow it nn acqui sition.' 'That's so,' acquiesced Miss Nathalie calmly ; ' only some follows count for more than other fellowB, you know. You count for.a goml deal more than other follows; I ' . Lord Freddie eyed her suspiciously. ' r '' Ah, how do you mako that out ? I'm not aware ' Miss Nathalie leaned back in her chair and flicked a few crumbs from her fingere with a dainty littlo handkerchief. Tho y were vory pretty littlo fingers, and were, moreover, adorned with a profusion ,'of twinklingdiamond- rings. The slim figure, the slender threat, the small face with ths heavy long-fringed eyelids, nnd the glow ing scarlet lips, drew a half-unwilling admiration from tho sturdy thick-set young mnn, who sat regarding the viva cious American girl with curious oyes, wondering to himself tho whilo how it was possiblo for any human being to exist with such a tiny waist. He was well aware that Miss Nathalie wns alluding to his title when she spoke of . his superiority to other young mon, bat he did not for ono uiinuto imagine that her. nudnoity would carry her the length of putting tho thought into words. He wns mistaken however, for she cried, in a tono of unabashed frankness — . ' Why because you're a lord, of courie. I do think it must bo perfectly lovely to be a Lord. Now would you believo it, we hnve been four years in Europie, and I'vo nover met one before in all that time. We've been studying in Paris, Lulu- and I, nnd we've seen no society. When;I heard you were coming out hero, I- felt My — I can't tell you how I felt. Pretty much ns you would feel, I oxpeot, if you heard that you were going to be introduced to our President.' Lord Freddio clasped his knees with his hands, and bent forward to examine the pattern of the parqueterio floor .with an amnsed expression. \- 'I'm nothing liko so big a back as the President, you know,' ho : conceded modestly ; whereupon Miss Natalio shook hor dusky head. " You're a lord,' sho repeated ob stinately, 'and he's only a plain 'mister.' Besides, you really take a part in your own government. You have a seat lit the Houso of Lords, I suppose ? 'I havo a seat — yes — since my "poor old pater died ; but I never attend. I've not been intudo the place more than three or four times altogether except -on opening days.' y « But you wear robes, r those wonderful robes that oho sees in tlio ' Graphic'' and the Illustrated London : News' 1. My,' ejulntcd Nathalie rapturously, ' how lavoly! I should think you would look splendid in them !' ' I know I never felt a bigger fool in my life, except once or twico when I was taking part in private theatricals,' the JJTOHg. declared. Whcrsupn Nathalie clasped her hands and cried enthusiasti cally — (to ns CONTINUED.) 