DIBTRICT\ NEW8. (From OunVarious Correspondents.) ADAMNTOWN. MEOCHAMICS' INSTITUTE.' The 40th half-yearly meeting of this in stitution was held on Tuesday night in tile reading-room. Mr. J. A. Eaton, vice-pr, sident presided. The attendance was small, owing to the tUnfavourable weather. The balance- sheet and report submitted by the ,secretary, Mr. Albert Rouse, showed the income for the hilfryear to be £57 120, and the disbursements £82 70 4d, being a deficiency for the term of £24 15s id, which reduces the credit balance at the commencement of thae 'ear from £112.4s id to' £87 9s ld,.which is the present financial credit of the institution. Included' in. the expenditure is £30, being the cost of paint ing and generally.repairing the building. The number at present on the roll is 95, an increase of 17. The circulating library is ivell patronised; no less than 1585 volumes were issued, of which 1103 were fiction. New books have been addedto thle circulating and reference library, and old works have been relbound, and on the read ing-room tobles can be found tie leading colonial nnd .Engllish papers and periodi cals. The chairman, in moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, referred to the necessary improvements that had been offected, which had' added considerably to the general comfort of members and the attractiveness of the institute. Mir. Jamnes Richmond seconded the adop tion of the report, and suggested that the funds of the institution should be invested in' some other way thlan at present. Mr. E. Atkinson, in supporting the re solution, complimented the committee on having sufflieont pliuck to repair the build Ing, na work that was sadly needed. The resolution was carried. The chairmanun stated that the commlttee recommended that :the games room be closedl on Sundays. Members had left ~the instltutlan in consequence of card playing, &c..; being permitted on Sundays. No other institution Inl the.district allowed a similar privilege to its members, and he. belieoved Adamstown could. do' the same with ad vantoge to the institution. Mr. J.'Rlchmond was'of the sartme opinion. IHe thought they could very well pnt card and draught playing on one side for a fort night Mr. A. Dodd (Junr.) said it had been de cided at a general meeting to allow mem bers to have a game of cards on Smlday in the Instltute if they felt so inclined. Hfe did not think there were any of them sa filled with the IHoly Ghost that they would object to members enjoying thdmselves in that way for an hour. Mr. W. D. Angus said that when the question of opening the games room on Sunday was brought forward it was repro sented that such was the rule.in most kin dred institutions in the district. The meeting was then misled, for there was no other institution in the district that al lowed card playing, &ac.;, on Sunday,. Mr. W. Lo failed to see how the Sunday card playing was injuring the institution. During the Ihalf-year 22 persons had Join ed, and only five resigned, 130th old and young could do worse than playing games on Sunday. If the privilege now given' to members were taklten from them it might result in many not contributing. If the playing did not annoy those in,the reading room, he would say let it go on. Alderman Mnagll said that something was needed to have the games room better con-. ducted. The playing at times carried on .w;s disgraceful, especially on Sundays. A boy here remarkced that some people took more notice of things in general on Sunday than they did on any other day. Alderman Maglll, contlnuing, moved, "That no games be allowed to be played in the institute on Sunday." This was seoonded by Mr. W. D. Angus. A youth moved as an amendment, "That the playing be allowed'on Sunday." The meeting, by a majority of 10 to', decided that theroeshall' be no more games played'in the institute on the Sabbath. Mr. W. Morgan moved, "That a door be placed on thi games room." It was annoy Ing, lhe said, to bhe reading, while "flfteen two, anmid one for his nob" was rlnging in one's ears continually. The resolution was seconded by Mir. VW. IHammond, arid carried. Alderman MIagll moved, "That thile li atltution.join the Union of Institutes." This was seconded by Mr. WV. Brown; and carried.' 'Miessrs. Eaton and Miagill' were chosen to attend the next meeting of the union. ' It was decided to proture a number of new books on mining.j '. ... The followlng omcers were oletted--Pre sldecnt, AIr . A. Eddoi, M.P.; vice-presidenit, Messrs. Enton and Rtichmond: secrotary Mr. A. Rouse; treasurer, Mr. J. Cook; au ditors, Messrs. Brob,'n iind Court, A'man agement committee wan' also elected, 