THE DRUCE MYSTERY. "What it is Sought to Prove. In the whole history of our peerage— and it necessarily teems with the topsy turvy—you will find nothing more re marble than the attempt which is now being made to prove that William John Arthur Charles James Cavendish-Bentinck is not the Duke of Portland (says a writer in the " English Illustrated Magazine "). For that is the gist of the mystery known as the Druce case, over which the civilized world has rubbed its eyes. A representa tive of the "West Australian," Perth, reports a case of still greater interest to all colonials. This case is that of Mr. Henry Ogborne, of the Mines Department, Perth. "Yes, I am Mr. Ogborne," said that gentleman, in reply to the reporter's query. "Just step this way, and I will give you some information that will astonish you and the readers of the paper that you re present." Mr. Ogborne led the way up an almost perpendicular flight of stairs, whiqh he skipped up with ease, to his quartern. " You see those Btairs," he remarked when the top had been reached. " Well, it is only a few months ago that I could scarcely crawl up them, and now I can run up and down them without feeling any effects from the exertion. Well, I am 74 years of age," continued Mr. Ogboone, " and first landed in Western Australia 48 years ago. About three years ago I re turned to this colony, and very soon my good health became eclipsed by illness. The disease came on gradually at first, but soon got such a hold of me that I could not hold myself upright, and had to crawl about. I saw several doctors, who agreed that I was suffering from a weak heart. They prescribed for me, but I derived no benefit from their remedies, and broken down in health I ultimately lost hope. I was told by those from whom I sought medical advice that I would have to refrain from smoking, drinking tea and my lunch beer." " Top absolutely derived no benefit from the physicians' treatment ? " " None whatever," replied Mr. Ogborne. " It was this way that I was cured: An old friend, a resident of this town, had been ill, and I went down to see him. He had been taking a few boxes of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and I was struck with the change they had wrought in him. He said, 'I never felt better in all my life; I feel as though I was only 20 years of age' This was sufficient for me, and though I hadn't miich faith in patent medicines, I determined to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial. Well, I bought some on my way home from my friend's place, and started taking them. I adhered strictly to the directions. To wards the end of the fourth box, I felt my self becoming much better, until one morning I found myself running up those stairs, much to the suprise of my wife and daughters, who thought it was the post man coming. They laughed, and I almost jumped about with joy at my miraculous recovery 5 from that time I have taken Dr. Williams' Pink Pills regularly. Life, which a few months ago was a burden, is now a pleasure; and as I said before, I feel like a young man, and am completely cured. During that time I have been taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, I have smoked, drank my glass of lunch beer, likewise the usual quantity of tea daily, and still I have grown stronger instead of weaker as predicted by the doctors. My recovery is solely due to Dr, Williams' Pink Pills, as I have been taking no other medicine. I consider them a most valuable remedy, and will recom mend them to my friends whenever oppor tunity affords me a chance of so doing. I want you to understand," said he, in con clusion, " that this testimonial is given voluntarily, and is unsolicited. After I had recovered my health, I had serious thoughts of inserting an advertisement in your paper, proclaiming my cure, solely with a view of benefiting other sufferers. However, a young man came along one day distributing Dr. Williams' pamphlets, and I gave par ticulars of my cure to him as I have given them to you." Mr. Ogborn iB well- known in Perth, and has sons in business, who occupy prominent positions in the Govern ment and commercial houses of the colony. Most medicines only relieve for a time, but Dr. , Williams' Pink Pills always cure permanently if taken according to directions. If you write to us describing your case, we will tell you whether Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are good for you. Write to-day. We will not deceive you. Our reputation is worth more to us than the sale of a few boxes of pills. Please address—Dr. Williams' Medi cine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, N.S.W. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills also cure anaemia (bloodlessness), debility, biliousness, sleep lessness, headaches, indigestion, kidney and liver troubles, gravel, chronic diarrhoea, pimples, vital weaknesses, all skin com plaints, paralysis, locomotor ataxia, &c.; Chemists and storekeepers all over the colonies sell them—price, 2s. 9d. per box, six boxes for 16s. 3d. Get the genuine, with full name (all seven words) — Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People— printed in red on the white outside package of each box. Imitations are dangerous. If in doubt, enclose the price in postal note or stamps, and send direct to the Dr. Wil liams' Medicine Co., King William Street, Adelaide. A correspondent to the "Catholic Times" writes: The following prayer, which has never before been in print, was composed by the assistant Bishop-elect of Westmin ster, and offered by him to Almighty God amid the ruins of General Gordon's palace in Khartoum on the occasion of a special memorial service on September 4, last year, lb is said to have touched the iron heart of the Sirdar so that tears were seen in his eyes, and at his request copies of it were made and distributed to all the officers present. The present copy is from that of a lady, the wife of one of the favored officers: " O Almighty God! by whose Providence are all things which come into the lives of men, whether of suffering which Thou per mittest, or of joy and gladnesB which Thou givest, look down, we beseech Thee, with eyes of pity and compassion on this land, so loved by that heroic soul whose memory we honor before Thee this day. Give back to it days of peace: send to it rulers ani mated by his spirit of justice and righteous ness ; strengthen them in the might of Thy power, that they may labor in making per fect the work to which he devoted, and for which he gave, his life. Grant to us Thy servants that we may copy his virtues of self-sacrifice and fortitude, so that when Thou callest we may each be able to an swer 'I have fought the good fight'—a blessing which we humbly ask in the Name of the Father, the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." 