-Growlings. -o By THE GROWLER. IN 1777.-The following advertise ment is found in a file of the London "Daily Telegraph." of 1777: "Whereas, there are mansions and castles in England and Wales which have for many years been uninhabited and are now falling to decay, by their being haunted and visited by evil spirits or the spirits of those who for unknown reasons are rendered miserable even in the grave, a g-ntle man who has made the tour of Europe, of a particular torn of mind and deeply skilled in the abstruse and sacred science of exorcism, hereby offers his assistance to any owner or proprietor of such premises, and undertakes to render the same free from the visita tion of such spirits, be their cause what it may, and render them tenantable and useful to the proprietere. Letters addressed to the Rev. John Jones, No. 30, St. Martin's Lane, duly answered, and an interview given if required. N.B.-Roomns rendered habitable in six days." This parson must have had some "Rough on Rats" as rats are the chief ghosts of castles. I see by a parag aph in the Courier that the Seventh Day Adventists are establishing themselves in the town. If that is so they are not taking the advice of " Wanderer," who reckons I that two churches in Broadford are quite sufficient. I would not mind seeing only two churches in Broadford, but I am afraid it would not last. We each bemoan the number of churches, but we each cling to our own little doctrines and pounce on anybody like a terrier dog who dare interfere with our doctrines and beliefs. That is I unfortunate. But these feelings are being submerged by the broader and more Catholic element of up-to-date religionists. I growl a good much, but I feel inclined to growl smore when I see sects with so little difference in their doctrines and church government as the non-conformist bodies, remain ing aloof front one another. Following Methodist Union I expect to see a uniting of Methodism and Presby terianism, and I believe the way to this happy union is being paved by so many Methodist ministers going over to the Presbyterian church. Upwards of five within the last two years have changed their pulpits, but not their doctrines in any essential points. An Irishman got a job at a mine up near Benalla on the representations of a Melbourne director, who declared that Pat was a good miner, and had worked at nothing else all his life. In truth Pat was a new chum, and potato-mining was the nearest he had ever got to the business of a gold-seeker. He gave himself away duritng the first shift, The boss of the shift sent himt along the drive to the shaft to call to the braceman to send down a truck. As the s ud-di? w,=Au.a lJo'.aý,wa;, aways?, ne sirt goes- went after Lim, and found him standing by a truck, e bellowing fiercely up the shaft. "Hello I" cried the boss; " what's the matter now. " Matther "' snorted Pat. " Sure, I called to the blaygard up there to send down a thruck, an' I'm blessed if he hasn't sint me down this ow d iron tank." Of course such a thing might occur so far into the interior as Benalla, but no such things could transpire at such places as the Golden Dyke or Golden Gate. 