A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE •: AT AUBURN,, EXCITEMENT. IN THE NEIGH BORHOOD. • TW some sceptics may deny belief in visitants from another Sphere, yet with the majority of folk' tho belief dies hard. * ' ■ Miss Marnor, of 11 Lamington,” .Victoria-road, Auburn, "Victoria, line more than once seen something re sembling a ghost—when, for instance, she lboked in her mirror, a<r debilitated was she by many, mouths’illness. Sbo says :— “Icommenced, sometwoyoarsago, to feel very ill nfter returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed;1 !but ex perienced a continuod; languid, feeling.1 that made mo most- miserable. Father, took me to see a doctor, and.he said I was overgrowing my strength!"'and I was not’ to exert myself; As'X'had ho inclination to do so, there. wad; hq four of my disobeying this "order," and: I took the quinine toniof.’ given mo, with regularity*. i.Tlibn'l. commenced' to feel aouto pains in my 'fiUdujUers and hack,; and atuight Ido'ufd scarcely, get* Any rest.”. ; “ ,Wo tried everything to ’ indues sleep,” interposed Mr. Marnor, “but without effoot; thou I consulted a welbkhowu iGoiliuS-feeet' practitioner. He said jhy) was suffering principally from weak ness, and advisod a change. ■ Her mother took ’ her away; for “ai. £Hp to Queensland, hut eho returned looking worse. "She would atao retoll bh'ridihg in the morning ; any food takeh’’Could not be kept down. She lost flesh and beoamoo mere //hoit." ^ ,, . “This time last' yettfl”' sofa" Miss Alice, “I weighed 7st. Slbs^nowilam 9st.: 71bs.” A great improvement; your treat ment must have been beneficial .“■No; all the medioine I got did mb very little good. Aotually, Dr. Wil •liams’ Pink -Pills for' Pala Pobplo ‘deserve thnt credit. Just before* the Jubilee holidays, father bought mo. a "boXjOf Dr. "Williams’ Pink Pills," at Mr^Ploaeanoo’s, OhapelrStroot, Prah "ran; they did mo so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish.” " > . “And. you would recommend then;?” : ".y-."',' “ Yes; and that strongly, too,” said. Mr.i Marnor," “ had I known".,of,, Pr. Williams’ Pink Pills tw»!yeara before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds.” .VUbi V' ! There are many readers who'may be-’forfunate enough to’ Save their pockets if they aot aa tliis youpg .lady, did; "Dr.. Williams’ Pink Pills..will oure: anebmia, weak heart, sleepless ness, sorofula,. consumption, phronio erysipelas, debility,; indigestion,; liver' and kidney diseases,"'ana dhest and lung troubles, pale and sallow com plexions, paralysis, ' loopngQtPft ataxia, 'neuralgia, St. Vitus’ dnnoe,- and ihbrvotis headache, and -all.'nervous 'disorders.; They arq sold by Ahsihists and storekeepers, and By" /tho'Pr.. Williams’ Medioine -Company, • °/° Rooko, Tompsitt, & Go.,, Flinders-' atre'et, Melbourne, at two • and nine a box, " or sis for fifteen and three-' penoe,1 but are genuine only with' the full name (seven words),' Dr. Wfllisms’ Piuk PUIb for Rale Peppjer, Oftjeqpk. box.'1: " Thousands hays testified.to, their ourative powers. 