, The Intermediate Results. Gnu at Oathojc.10 Successes. The intermediate Pasb' lists are now out, and the most striking feature of the results is the overwhelming suooesses of the Catho lic colleges and sohoola. ' The honours of the Intermediate Board have now for many years been awarded, and they have been not aoldom the preliminary to distinguished oareers at the univorsibiosj in cue profes sions and in the publio servioe. The Irish Intermediate Exhibitioner has met competi tors from other lauds on other fields, and has held his own. So far, therefore, the form revealed 1b true. Whether it might bo ascertained in other and more advanta geous ways the future will deoide. Time was when a solitary senior qrado exhibitioner represented the oomplete achievement of the Oatholio oolleges in the highest grade, This year they have oap tured 14 of those valuable prizes out of 24, In the middle grade they have won 88 out of 49, The first place in enoh grade goes to Oatholio colleges, Rookwell bearing away the blue riband in the senior grade, and 8t, Oolman's, Fermoy, the distinction in the middle. The prominonoe of Rookwell is typioal of tho places taken by all the col leges of the Order of the Holy Ghost. Blaokrook, by a brilliant effort, reoapburos its old plnao at tho hoad of all tho compet ing schools in tho number of exhibitions won. Tho quality of the exhibitions is not less significant than tho number, four boing. exhibitions in the senior grade. Tho Christian Sohools, Richmond- street, and tho Christian .Schools, Cork, following olosoly, ropeating thoso brilliant p'orfonnanoos for whioh wo are accustomed to look to those foundations of tho groat Irish toaohing Order, and then comes Rookwoll with a total of 10 exhibitions. .Noodless to add, old Olongowos is to tho foro, no fewer than IS exhibitions going to that famoUB institution. Tho Christian Schools, Limoriok, throaton Hhortly to rival thoir sister sahooln in Dublin and Cork. A feature of tho rosultB thin year is tho wrominonoo of thoso most usofuland popular sohools, the Dioooaan Colleges. St. Co lumn's Oollogo, Dorry, worthy of its namo and place, has tho brilliant score of 10 ex hibitions, ami carries ofi' bho classical gold medal in tho middle grade 8b. Column's has boon doing splendid work for Oatholio oduantion in Ulator those many yoars, and its buccchhoh arc always most gratifying. St. Golnian'H, Formoy, Hbill koopsBtoachly in tho road of huooohb whoro its foot woro ho firmly planted by Dr. Hutch ; while St. Kioran's Oollogo, Kilkonny, and Ht. Munahin'a, Limerick, arc pushing ntoadily W tho front. Among bho Dublin Bay Bohools, St. Mary'H, Rathminon, a. promUring Blip from tho Blaokrook garden, him out distanced its past oroditablo rooords, and gives promiso of a future an brilliant and UBoful as tho distinguished Order that con duotB it can achiuvo. Turning to the girl exhibitioners, we find a creditable tale of Catholic suocesses, though the abstention of many oonvents from tho competition makes the reoord less relatively good than in the oase of the boys. Thoso convents that have entered the lists, however, sufficiently prove the capaoity of the convent higher sohools. St. Louis' Con vent, Monaghan, has won no fewer than 10 exhibitions, and the Dominican, Loreto, and Mercy and Ursuline Orders have once again covered themselves with credit. The Loreto Convent, Navan ; tho Dominioan Convent, Eooles-streot ; the Lor'eto Convent, St, Stephen's- qreen } the school attaohed to Sk. Mury's University College, Merrion square ; the Loreto Convent, North Great Goorge's-street ; tho Ursuline Convent, Cork j and the Loreto Couyent, Balbriggan, had all established reputations to maintain in the competition, and have worthily maintained them. Until' the official prize lists are published the complete record will not be before us; but the analysis of the pass lists proves that there has been no falling away, bub rather steadily adyanoe, among the Catholics sohoola. For the rest it will be noted with satisfaction that the percentage of passes in all the grades is un preoedentedly high, a faot that proves the sound ohnraoter of the general work of the sohools. The average ooy is evidently re ceiving his share of attention, a faot that was not always so manifest, 