Brief Mention. The Rev. W. Hill has been entertain- ing Rockampton audiences with lively lecture on "Men I have met and things I have seen." The Rev. George Martin has returned to Svdnev from his tour on the northern rivers. He was accompanied by Mrs. Martin, and by the aid of "bike" and boat they seem to have had a thoroughly enjoyable trip. Our readers will learn with satisfaction that the Century Fund movement is arousing widespread interest, and that a pleasing feature in connection therewith is the fact that the Organising Secre- tary's Sunday services are being blessed by the Holy Ghost in the conversions of souls. Tickets for the Inaugural Demonstra- tion have been forwarded to the city and suburban circuits. The Executive Committee is anxious that immediate arrangements be made for the disposal of them. Will the circuit committee please consult the ladies about the matter. The attention of our musical friends is directed to the advertisement of the Willoughby Circuit festival to be found in our advertising columns. The Wesleyan choirs of the city and suburbs are reminded that the first united practice for the Town Hall Century Fund Demonstration will be held on Wednesday next at 8 p.m. in the Centenary Hall. Mr. Mote will be pleased to see a large attendance. Will members kindly bring with them their copies of the Hallelujah Chorus ? Probably the Minutes of Conference will be published next week. The usual monthly meeting of minis- ters will be held on Monday week, the 8th May (not next Monday) in the Cen- tenary Hall at 10.30, when the ex-Presi- dent, Rev. E. J Rodd, may be expected to read a paper on "The Tendencies of Modern Theology." The annual meeting of the Young Peoples' Scripture Union will be held in the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Pitt Street, Sydney, on Saturday afternoon, 29th April, at 3 o'clock. Mr. D. L. Moody has written to the secretary of the Evangelization Society of Australia, intimating his inability to comply with the Society's invitation to him to visit Australia. Parramatta Sunday-schools success- fully celebrated their 77th anniversary on Sunday last. The Rev. G. Lane was the preacher, and the musical arrangements were under the direction ? of Mr. Ferguson. The Revs. W. H. Beale and J. Woodhouse were amongst the speakers at the public meeting. Parraween Church was crowded at its anniversary celebration on Sunday 'last. The Rev. H. C. Foreman, B.A., preached morning and afternoon, and the Rev. J. E. Carruthers in the even- ing. The prospects of the new circuit are encouraging. Mrs. C. Whalan passed away at Parramatta on Monday last, in her 89th year. Mrs. Whalan was the widow of Mr. Charles Whalan, the pioneer local preacher of the Oberon Circuit, and the discoverer of the celebrated Jenolan Caves. Mrs. Whalan was the first white woman resident in the neighbourhood of Oberon, and was a member of the Wes- leyan Church for about 55 years. SYDNEY, SATURDAY. APRIL 29. 