A GHOST IN A HOSPITAL. As Extraordinary Story. Gegat difficulty Iibb recently been experienced in getting r.urses to tnke night duty in tho hospital attached to Greenwich College, owing to the nocturnal visitations of a phantom nut--o in the wards and corridors. About a dozen nurses in succession liav'u tendered tlieir resignations after staying from two to six weeks, until the sense uf the place being haunted completely uoslrung their n«rres,'rendering tliem unfit for the duty of tending the sick. One of these nurses, who is now living at home, gave the following account to Lloyd's representative of her experience :—"It was about midnight, and I was sitting in the centre nf tho room, exporting every moment to have a cup of tea brought to me. A nuree, as it seemed to me, entered the room a few step*, and then went back again without speaking. I could li'H understand what it meant, and ran along the passage after lier.'i There was nobody to be seen, and I was so puzzled thai I could hardly Hinimons courage to; return to my post. No tea was brought to me [ that night, and in the morning everyone denied having cuine into the ward during the night. I Then I learned that several nurses had left the institution scmed by the same apparition that 1 had seen. It was impossible for me to take duty another night." The report speedily got abroad that Hie j college wis haunted, and local spiritualists, of j whom there are many in the royal suburb, j tnrned tlieir attention to the mystery. It was j then found that an old dwelling immediately \ behind the college was quite a rendezvous of ghosts—unaccountable noises (errilied tho o?cu- j pants nightly, with sundry violenl accumpnnimen Is, such as ornaments falling from the ; shelves, and a bookcase being dislodged from the wall. The spiritualists amused to bold « seance, and hired a medium from Kensington An actress, who was playing Trilby in a tou'ing company, also came f»r an object lesson iu hypnotism- There were five ladies and four gentlei- ien, including a clergyman, who solemnised the proceedings with prayer. Presently the medium became entranced, and the spirit which possessed him directed that all the company should descend to the basement. The sequel was very extraordinary. Everybody promptly fell into a trance, and an involuntarily free fight ensued, the Indies.scratching each other's face and'tenving ont each other's hair. For several of the company that v.aa their spiritualistic entertainment,, and the clergyman declines to speak of the affray. What relation exists between these obstreperous spirits and the phautom nurse is, of course, not known ; though very lately mediums have been requisitioned from Brighton and other places by the more persistent and courageous of the spiritualists. Lloyds representative, was informed by one of them—not the spirits, but the spiritualists— j that the mediums all concurred that there "'as "money under the 'floor of the house. So far, however, the boards liavo not been ^aken op to put that statement to the test. 