RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION IN STATE. SCHOOLS MR. II. E. WILLIAMS'S SPEECH. The following is Mr. II. It- Williams s speech on Mr. Dcakin-s motion -for tlie in troduction of Scripture lessons in State schools:— , , • . Mr. H. It. Williams: I intend to vote for the amendment to tlio motion of the honor able member for Esseudon, because I think that a matter of such importance as this which was deliberately settled by the people of this country 27 years ago, ought not to be lightly changed unless the opinion of the pcopfe of the' colony is thoroughly well as certained before any change is made.; Ami no means have been adopted to ascertain the real feelings of the people in regard to this most important question. Ever since 1S77, ever since I first entered this House, this question has been debated on the floor of this chamber nearly every session. The e-.uu< cries have been raised time and again ah :.t the Godless education that obtains in Hie colony of Victoria. Well, I have locked about in this community for the purpose cf ascertaining- what is the real religious con dition of the colony as compared with other parts of the world, and I think I can say, ■without any chance of being successfully contradicted that the religious condition and the spiritual welfare of the people of Victoria are just as wo 1 cared ' for to-day as the religious condition and spiritual wel fare of, the-'people in any other part of the world". I If you study the. statistics properly, "you, will find that the moral awl the social conditions of the people of Victoria will com pare favorably wiih the moral and social conditions of thc'pcop'e in any other state on the face of this earth. I have heard this cry about Godless education in this colony un til I am sick of hearing it. Let any man take our Stato school books, expurgated as they have been by one Minister and another,.and if lie cannot find God directly and indirectly mentioned in them lie must really be blii.'d, both physically ami intellectually. Al- the tinie this agitation has betu Rofng 011 our State school books hav j been • full' ef prayers "and references' to G«.:d, and of the very h:ghost religious iiisp-.r,\lio:i. The denomination to which I have the honor to belong have al ways been champions for this very secuhir and compulsory education. They were pro minent in the agitation of 1S72, and from that day to the present the laity of the Wes ley an Church have never wavered in their allegiancc to this system of p blic instruc tion. As one of the members cl' that church, I know the fee inga of my fellow member.-;. I am aware that many of the clergymen of my denomination fconscientiously believe that -we are on the downward road with regard to religious instruction in this colony. They have always believed that. They said the same thing in 1878. Tlio head of the Wes lcyah denomination in a letter to the "Ar gus" in 1878, wrote:—■ "A further step has been taken in the ex purgation of the reading books, from which all lessons with the name of God or of the Saviour have been removed, and replaced with others." Now I will read to honorable members several references to the Deity stil! in oar State school books at that time, notwith standing that the head of my denomination wrote those words to the "Argus." In the Primer, page 23, I vend— God loves the bird that sings in the tree; God loves the lamb, and God loves me. Again, on page 24 it is stated that— .. God sends the rain, etc. Iu the First Book, page 9, wc read— Sing bird; sing a song to me, One there is who cares for thee. And on page 11 there is the injunction— Now kneel down and thank God, ctc. On page 12 appears the words— I will not fear for God is near, etc. On page 22— Who taught the bird to build her nest, etc. 'Twas1 God "who taught them all, ctc. In the same book, on page 60, the following verse appears— Oh, Lord, my God, to Thee I pray, When from my bed I rise, That all I do and all I say Bo pleasing in Thine eyes. Those are the very four lines the 1 onorab'?. ber wants to introduce—the very prayer he has iu view. I always objected to those pas sages being from time to time eliminated from the State school books, and, only iu 1892 and i893 thi.- House ordered all those expurgated passages to be resio-od, f> 1 T-r school books. They have been restored, and I repeat that to-day the State school books of this colony are full of God -from beginning to end. Therefore, the bringing up of this matter now must have some other signifi cance than that avowed, namely, of putting God in the State school-books, because God is in those books from, beginning" to end. Now, with regard to tlio spiritual and religious condition of the people of this colony, let me point out that we have 2,033 State schools in Victoria, with 4,862 teachers, including about 551) solving mistresses, and 151,675 scholars in average attendance. Those are the latest figures I have been able to get from the "Victorian Year-Book." We have also in this colony 2,414 Sunday schools, or nearly 400 more. Sunday schools than there are Statu schools. Wro have 18,566 voluntary enthu siastic and devoted teachers in those Sunday schools, men and women who arc teaching re ligion from Sunday to-Sunday, with, a' tho rough belief in what they are teaching, and yet we are told that notwithstanding that vast army of voluntary enthusiastic and de voted Sunday school teachers, this colony is going to perdition from a religious point of view. In those Sunday schools there arc 149,812 scholars in. average attendance, only 1363 less than the number of schol ars in attendance at the State schools. Those Sunday school children receive re ligious instruction Sabbath after Sab bath. I am given to understand that the names of nearly 200,000 children are to bo found on the books of the various Sunday schools in the colony. Therefore, nearly 200,000 children are receiving religious in struction in the Sunday schools of Victoria. Mr. M'Keuzie: Where did you get those statistics from? ■ . Mr H II. Williams:From the Wictoriau Year Book" of 1892-3. I do not think ; a lr-ter issue'lias yet been published, but 1 be lieve that if the latest figures were known, they would be found to'be still better than those I have given to-day. What I dread is, that if the cliurclics are permitted to throw the responsibility of religious instruction up on the secular teachers, they will neglect the rcly^on thisYottcn We should findP that, in pursuing Now, -what is the condition of those co.m tries where they have religious instruction -incorporated with the State system of educa tion? Germany is a country that is often al luded to as a nation of intellectuality, light, and learning. No doubt the Germans are an intellectual people. Ninety-eight, per cent, of all the people in Germany are educated, and can read and write, but anyone who is acquainted with literature to-day must know that the Germans are the champion sceptics of the world. They write all the most power ful anti-religious books that are now current in the world. They luivo resurrected all the most powerful arguments that have been framed by the most intellectual men in every age and every land, and have scattered those arguments broadcast throughout the world in thousands and tens of thousands, thereby doing an incalculable amount of in jury. The ICaiser forces religious instruction into the State schools, and yet the people over whom lie rules are the most powerful agents \ye-~: nil -ver the glob.*, dertroyir.g i:oi only Christianity, but likewise all forms of religious worship whatsoever. France has a, State school system of education. In that country there 'are State t;cliuoIt) and clerical schools, and they spend hundreds of tliou rauds, aye, millions of money on education. But is it not a fact, that the French people— perhaps the country people cannot be called sceptics, because they-are mciely doubters— iu parte, and many of tlio most fashionable parts of France are the" most pronounced in- fidels on the face of the earth? Dr. Maloney:A very small portion of them indeed. Mr. II. K. Williams:There are tens of thousands of infidels in France. Perhaps the most popular politician of France, M. Gam- betta, sneered at the idea of God having any thing to do with the destinies of the world, and said it is all chance, that men make or mar their own destinies, and that God has nothing whatever to do with the matter. That was the deliberate utterance of a statesman whom the French people, a few years ago, placed on the very pinnacle of honor, bowed down to him, and cried, "Long live Gam betta." Spain has a State religion, and yet one-half of her people can neither read nor write. In Italy, until recently, nearly 50 per cent, of the people were in the same condi tion, and in Russia, where there is a State aided religion, the people are in total intel lectual darkness. IMr. M'Kenzie.-That is a totally different, quest ion—State-aided religion. Mi', il. 11. 'Williams:In l{us=sia there is j State-aided religion and State-assisted cduca j tion, and religious teaching carried 011 in tlie schools by the clergy. Yet, notwithstanding the multitude of clergymen in Russia, nearly 8(1 per cent, of the population can neither read nor write. The reason for the secular education movement in this colony was that the clergy and the churches were so wanting in their duty to the masses of the people that they simply taught them something about the catechism and about God. but did not. give them the necessary knowledge to knew for themselves whether what they were taught was right or wrong. They were l.-ft in total intellectual darkness, and" it was not until intellectual men of some. discernment saw that it was impossible to improve things, until they took education out of the hands of tlio.se people and lodged it in the State— made it free, secular, and coinpinsory, so that every man could come and drink at the foun tain of national information and knowledge —that this great movement to ■ k hold upon the'world, it is still, spreading and will con tinue to spread. I regard the motion of the honorable member for Essendon as a tho- | roughly retrograde movement, and I feel cer tain that in his own heart he iu:wt feel that it is a retrograde movement, ami can never stand the test of a thorm^h examination. Now, sir, I am very glad I hat Ml . Ramsay said that the laity of the church to which I belong were the champions in connection with this movement, and 1 oelievo they are the champions in conncctiou wt;'i it tc-day. Although u majority of rhe clergymen are in favor of the new movement, thev have not | the heart of tho laity with tnem. They can not get the laity to vote for tlu-.n in the direction in which they are agitating. Mr. Ramsay said on the occasion of the letter of Mr: Symons, who was president of the con ference—I know the. • iewi he put3 forward are uot sympathised in i.y li:e Wc^lcynns as a body. Perhaps no section of tiic commu nity rhorc thoruughly appreciate the bene fits of the Education Act, or have'worked harder to secure thorn, than the Weshyan body, ijnd, therefore, I read thi-i siatenunt ' with great pain. And 1 nay hay that 1 read the statements of the clergy t.f' lt v own church on this subject with"very great pain. I assert that the education sviiU'iu of tins ,'colon.y is the flag of liburfy-iliiit under five, secular, and compulsory cducivticn we force men to be so enlightened that they are able to read tho laws so that ihey rur.v thoroughly I understand and obey t.hem. Whv n';\s it tiie Roman laws were placarded about the stro-.ts under the "promulgatio logid,-' as it was called.'' Because the Roni.ms, k.'icw iliat every citizen oould read ai.d write, and a man v;h3 was found disobeying the lav.' was known to be a criminal, because he must have read all the Acts that were placarded about tile city. ' Mr. Murray Smith:The Romans must haye known more about their laws, then, than the English people do about tlifiir laws. Mr. II. R. Williams :I am not one of those who is to be frightened by the fulminations of any ecclesiastic. Why have tho Protest ants complained of the Church of Rome? Was it not because they associated religion T/i'.h the secular power, and because that secular power was made the instrument of executing the ecclesiastical mandates? Was it not that which really gave being to the great Protestant movement? Even with re- j gard to the Roman Catholics themselves, St. Augustine laid down the relation between the Church and State in his great work, "Dc Civitate Dei," in a most elaborate manner. He laid down those "relations in such a way ] that I am surprised that oven the Catholic Church ever fell into the grievous errors' they did at a subsequent date. '"The State," said St. Augustine, "has nothing whatever to do, with the church; lior the church with the state ; they are two separate kingdoms. One kingdom is not of this world and'the other is, and they have no relation whatever. Let Iho JSasperors," he naui, "leave, us to onr re ligion and our God. Do not interfere with our liberty of worship. Let us worship om- j God undcT our own vine and our own fig tree. IS ,t in those matters wluch are essential for j the civil government of the State we must be obedient and loyal servants of the State." That was affirmed also by St. J.eroma. It lias been affirmed by all the.earlier fathers of the church, and I am surprised that even the Catholic Church ever fell into the error it did on this question. But even now, what is the Catholic Church saying to us? Is it not say- j ing to us to-day—''Leave tho church alone, we-can look after tlic spiritual well-being of oar people, aud we will endeavor to do it to the best of our ability. Wo are in a minority hero; we do.not warn yon to iiiierlcrc with 'us at all j we do uot want you to do anything to prejudice us in regard to this educational movement. The moment you say that in your State schools you. will give a certain as pect, a certain bias in a religious direction, we can never go into your schools even if you were to include in your scliool-books all the | religious teachings of the • Catholic Church." Eveii if you were to get the syllabus and copy it into your school-books, the Catholics could not join your schools. They not only bsliave in unmixed marriages, but they believe ill un mixed education. They do not believe in mixinir with other denominations in matters of education. They also say—"Your tea chers are not competent to teach religion, they are not qualified to teach religion, and under no circumstances could we trust our children to teachers such as you have for re ligious instruction." Therefore, whatever you | put in your school-books with regard to reli gion, the Roman Catholics could never send their children to your State schools, because they say your teachers are not qualified—1 not so equipped with those weapons of spiritual welfare as is essential for the proper leaching of the Roman Catholic reli-. gion. That is the real truth. You can never j get tho Roman Catholics to abandon the education of their children, they will do so under no conditions whatever. They arc say- I ing the same thing throughout the world— | in America, in Canada, and in every nation in Europe. They say—"We will be the guides of our own children. They shall take the opinions that we hold with regard to God and the doctrines that are necessary to salvation arid we won't allow anyone to interfere with their religious education in any way." Con sequently, I say it is oi 10 use whatever to think of the Catholics ever coming into our ! system. Thoy will .not do so, and there is a great deal to be said for their attitude from their point of view. With regard to the little religion that there was in the school-books, I may say that in 1878 I had occasion to com plain to the Education department about a certain teacher in. my district. I then repre sented the large Mandurang district, which was a district extending from Mount Alexan der to the confluence of the Murray and. the Loddon. There was a teacher at Elmore, I think it was, who was reading some of the passages that were then in the school-books, this was long after the present Education Act came into force, and he came to a certain pas sage, on which lie said to the chilurer: "\\\ ell, my boys, you can believe that if_ you like, but I regard it as another such fable as one of those in the "Arabian Nights. Now, we know that hundreds-of the State school teachers do not believe in one fragment of religion. More than, half of them would only give this - proposed, religious in struction from compulsion. Many ofr J-*"5'" would do. it'because they would not y.it to displease, .perhaps, the clerical authorities in the various districts, for they would kno.v that there would immediatoiy bo a movement to remove them if they refused ^ey might be comnelled, under pressure of that kind to conform mechanically to the requests of the va-ious churches with regard to giving reli \a.ioi*s Liiui desirable rrious instruction, iiut xs trm WK l«»o I*™' „.hie£ movers m this »glt^ crving like s'.t down all the Sunaay wiu.. good.pious book, or twiddle their thumbs and dream ."bout heaven, but tlicy will not turn a hand to assist in the education of the young in a religious direction. Sometimes the most iiery advocates of this movement are. men who on a Sunday afternoon are at home lying on the broad of their backs reading a pious book, ar.d looking up u> heaven expecting the mil lennium, or something of that kind, while, at the same time, there are many'of the classes the Sunday schools of 111oii• (tivit church von nave, .-.nd yet 1 can _ of work." t'l conclusion, I sa> aga tV.fc I haw no sympathy with this move ment whatever. * I assert that, the spiritual condition, and the religions Icnowieu^e. of the iv.yg a-! ii'ls of iliis toVcHjC are quite up to the i i ;r.:t',Hki of any other part of the world: and, as long as we are assured of that fact, thoiv is no need whatever of such movements and such proposals as that which, has been submitted bv tho honorable member for Ks seiulou. I have alw ays presented an uncom promising opposition to niov.-meiit.; of that j'inc! ever since I k:vo nail \ fic'liouo:- of bring in 1 avllament, aud 1 hope I shall continue to «o so as long as I Kvq, (To THIi EdITOK or THE ''ADVERTISE:, iiii',—I road in your iss-ie of to-day 2>. Kcvi ilc 011 Scripture lessons in State'schools^ and if his words, "parents recognise with sor row that children brought up in .the''public schools e-iw, in many instances,.- a want .of filial ail'ecitkm and rcspec-V for [authority,'; i aro intended to blamo our State',schools, I t cannot agree with him. The chiltl.'s-educa tion. must begin long before lie enters .the' school. It must begin as soon us, or even be-"* lore, the disposition to disobedience shows itself. Very early indeed the little one knows from an inherent principle within right from wrong sufficiently. Conscience soon exerts its influence, and says do not, but nature as soon rebels and replies X will. Then education is invited, and then is the time for religious instruction (training [or God). Then is the time to introduce loving authority with perfect firmness, and "filial | affection" will, with God's blessing and pro mise, assuredly follow. Duty to God mast bo first, as time is not to be compared with eternity, and then the duties of life will be reared 011 a safe foundation, for duty towards God will lead to duty towards self and all mankind. Forearmed the child faces the world with proper caution and charity, and though there may come temporary iaiiure, total failure will seldom, if ever, occur. The child is thus educated for eternity, and net merely for time so short; and love to God and parents provokes obedience and aSeciion, and due consideration for others, and thus the child grows on to youth and manhood (universally applied), fearing God and know ing no other fear. He is now a man, and a freo agent, for the King of kings never be inc- asis His subjects by depriving them of their free will—that can bo done only by themselves or by accident; He has still the power to obey or defy almost to an. unlimited extent, but the responsibility as regards this choice rests with himself, yet God is always for him in the boundless provisions of His crniCC. -Yours, etc., BIBLICAL. lOtli July. (To the Editor op the "Advertiser.') Sir,—A message from heaven to the chil dren of God, and all interested in the above. The words of -' our Father teaches lis to ''bring up a child in Hie way he should go, and he shall not depart from it." If neg lectful parents omit to do this, what a bless ing it would be for a child to learn this im portant lesson at school. "In the way 1m should go," and God's promise is, lie shall not depart from it. What way? Christ said, "I am the way, and the light, and that means the way of salvation.' To bear this oat, we read in St. Mark, 8tli chapter, 36th verse—"For what shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his own soul?" Teach a child the way-of salvation and the necessity of regeneration through repentance, and making a full surrender of themselves to God, and they have a complete knowledge of tho secret of the whole Bible, which 3•.•me lesson can only be taught to advantage by a true Christian who allows tho Holy Spirit to speak through him, and can be explainad in an hour or less to any child. And if the above proposal is refused, would tliis not be a good opportunity for Christians to appeal to the feelings of tho public and ask to be allowed to give, say one lesson per week to every State srhool throughout Victoria, and ssnd in a petition to that effect, which request can. hardly be refused, since it would cost nothing, and give a reward both to the chil dren and the servant of Christ, one of which can be found to do this work free and will ingly in any town in Victoria. In this man ner tliey would be taught tho real essence of .Christianity, with,. I am sure, good results among the little ones. "iOUKS lis U±iiUbx. (To 'she Editor of the "Advebtisek. ') Sir,—The subject of religions instruction in-State schools is once more to the. front, .and ouv Legislative Assembly has cuiweiiteu to refer the matter to a vote of the people. a find 110 fault with that decision. I do not go 'with either of the parties who discussed the subject in the Assembly. 1 would rather J raw attention to a phase of the ^uestioii which lias received very scant attention hitherto, namely, the efficiency or uon Uli cieucy of the methods of religious insv.-uc tion at present in operation outside the Stuto schools. I will refer only to two, uamely, parental instruction and Sunday school in struction. To what extent parental instruc tion is given at home wo, cannot be sure, .but wo know that many children of church mem bers attend Sunday schools whether well or badly massaged; but what amount of instruc tion they get at home is unknown, _wliil? a Cliristian homo is certainly the be.it piai.o for Christian instruction, and where it should bo most naturally and effectively given. It is very sad when parents neglect this work personally, and hand it over tq the Sunday schools. It is, however, to the Sunday schools to which I wish to refer more particularly. It inav be askod, Have thoso ministers, Sun day school teachers and parents who i\ro urg ing the matter of religious instruction in Stato schools on the attention of Parliament •exerted, themselves to iftake the schools as efficient rJid useful as they might become? Mueh more might be done in this respect than is done. This arises from certain re movable defects which may be pointed out. In many schools there is a want of that strong control of teachers over scholars which is necessary to thorough instruction, so that confusion and noise prevail throughout the school-room to such an extent that good teaching is impossible. I have been in sucli a school, a large one, in which not a single class could or did -work. I have seen similar scenes elsewhere. In some schools little or "" 1.i ~c is spent by teachers in preparing-' -:. £ is at homo, in gathering know l:vge. or ir„arovjng their teaching power. They are not' impressed with the grandeur and importance of their work, and, of course, aro careless and inefficient. I have been told of a teacher who could not find matter in his lesson to spread over the thirty minutes al lotted to it. Some teachers arc very irregular in their attendance. They are not in love with their work, and often their seat in the class is vacant, and the delay and confusion arising therefrom injures their own and other classes. In one school I havo noticed that there, were seven teachers absent in one af ternoon, and the manager was compelled to induce some other teachers to add the ne glected classes to theirs, or leave them with out a teacher for that meeting. lit some schools tlio afternoon meeting covers 60 or 75 minutes. Out (of. this SO minutes—111 some schools a little more—are allotted for the lesson. Some schools have no morning meeting, or if they .have, very few attend it. Thus the scholars are only a very short time . under instruction direct, in the Sunday school. Taking into account the absence of effective control of good teaching pewer, and the irregularity of teachers' attendances, combined with the short time-allotted to instruction, is it any wonder that our Sun day school sho.w such poor, re^u'ts? For the resu'ts are poor. ' The Minister of Rail ways" says we .have 18,000 Sunday school teachers at work in Victoria. Why, if they were well equipped 'for their woik, were effective teachers, were diligent in attend ance, and devoted sufficient time to their m'ssion each Sunday, then the results ought to be very different from what they are, and instead cf being equal in morality and ro ligioa to other nations, we should be leading the other nations in that righteousness which' constitutes national strength. There is something strange in church people request ing help frocn the State in the religious edu cation of their own children and the chil dren of non- churchgoers, while they neglect to make perfect, and to use to the full extent, the instrument they have at their command. In the first cent-cries of Christianity the in fluence of learning. Government and common schools were all antagonistic to ■ it, \>ut it held its own, and conquered all, and can we not shape and mould the character of o:;r young people now., wtie.u we have, the in fluence of learning. Government, philosophy, and .the public schools with us to so great an oxtcnt, er.)Hbino:l "with th.e thnroiighly efficient staff of 18,000 Sunday school, teach era —Yours, ctc., G.W. Bcudigo, 10th July. 