[?]IS NEIGHBOR’S DOG. Browr's one affliction in life was a dog— not his own dog, if course, but" his neigh bor’s. It was a cross-eyed, stump-tailed mongrel, with teeth like the edge of a buzz- saw, and with a disposition that kept tramps and others out of the entire neigh borhood. Incidentally, this neighbor’s dog bad a bark —a creepy yelp that sent Brown out of his bed at the dead of night, and came within an aco of giving him nervo.us pros tration. That dog would bark at every thing ho could see, and when he couldn’t sea anything he’d bark anyhow. Some times he’d vary the bark with a howl, and then Mrs Brown would tremulously assert that there was going to be a death in the house, and Brown would grimly reply that there wasn’t the slightest doubt of it. Brown was naturally a quiet man, how ever, and ho merely cherished his murder ous intent until his neighbor’s dog almost killed hist own cherished canine, Major. The cur next door only gouged a few holes in Major, marring his beauty considerably, but if it hadn’t been for the hired man and a poker Brown would have been minus the lie paid for the dog and the 9s he had invested in pedigree. This was more than Brown could stand, and he began studying tho habits of his neighbor’s dog with a view to finding a means for his early extinction. The ani mal seemed to bo excursive. It would cross. Brown’s back yard in the moonlight, about !) o’clock; and return in time to keep its barking appointment at the watching hour oi 12. •Securing a picee of meat, Brown coated its under side with strychnine, and took a' severo cold in liis head while waiting to' wreak his purposo under the back porch. Ih the course of an hour a four-footed form came stealthily through the gloom, and Brown whistled softly, spoke sweetly, and tossed his instrument of destruction. The animal-seemed ravenous; and when Brown, re-entered the house it was gorging itself to repletion. “ Now we’ll liavo peace,” thought Brown, as ho crept into bed. But. lo! in the quiet watches the howling next door broke forth with unabated vigor, and Brown sat up and gasped. “ What’s the matter, Henrv?” asked Mrs B. " The dog next door died at 10 o’clock, and now bo’s howling! Do you believe in ghosts, Nancy?” “' What have you been doing now?” she demanded. . Ho told tho whole story, and then liis wife, in alarm, told him to go down and look for Major. With fear and trembling, lie did so, and found that he had made a slight mistake. His neighbor’s ilog was all right, but all that remained of his own was it’s pedigree. A. new bonnet not only soothed bis wife’s grief, but bought her silence as well, but in order to escape the canine next door Brown was eventually obliged to move out of tlio neighborhood. 