Molong Band Sports. ..... ? » ? : ? . -? For some months past it has bean gor^rally re* \- cognised that members of Molong B$nd have been endeavouring to raise the musical ^tatus of ?- that institution ; and have suooeeded to a car* \- tain creditable extent. The Band has also been very liberal iu the way of playing free of charge \- for all sorts of afftirs, and giving occasional ? open air entertainments. But it has also been ' . felt that the instruments now in use have seen too much servioe, and ought to be consigned to .. aome brass boiling down establishment aa they are almost useless for mu3ioal purposes. With a view to obtaining a aet of new instru ments, Mr. P. F. A. Kinaa, soma time ago, suggested that a day's sports should be arranged. The idea oaugbt on, and a committee of manage ment to wo*-k out the id* wa- formed. It was oompoaed of bandsm-m and influential members of the public with Mr; P. F. A. Kinna and Mr. W. Carroll, senr., as hon. secretaries. In due course, a capital programme was fixe! up, to oome off on the New Year holiday ; and all that was then needed to secure complete sucoeai was a large attendance of the public. Unfor tunately, this important element was not forth* ? coming. The weather wis just everything which oould be deaired— a comfortably warm, bright atmosphere : pleasantly tempered with a oool light wind following upon the thunderstorm of the previous night, whose rain served to lay the dust of the generally discreditable Recreation Ground. The sports were under the immediate manage ment of the following gentlemen, namely : — Committee Messrs. G. Garlick, G. Burgess, P. McArdle, W. J. Windred, J. G. Donaldson, 0\. Leathern, and A. B*mford. Scatter : Mr. D. J. Kinna. Master of Track; Mr. G. Gir lick. Judges: Messrs. J. G Dmaldson and P. McArdle. Referee : Mr. A. Bitnford. Handicapper for Residents' Huidicap : Mr. D. J. Kinna. Ground Handicappera : Messrs. D. J. Kinna, G. Garlick, and 0. Leathern. Very early in the morning — indeed, to he 's accurate, from daylight — Vleaica. P. F. A. Kinna, D. J Kinna, W. Oirroll, sen., C. Leathern, G. Barges*, P. McArdle, A. Bitn ford, H. Tillbrook, G Gtrlick, A. Hu/hes, T. Haloroft, and H. Gtrlick had bam at work pre paring the ground, so that by tei a'olook tho tracks ware alj marked off, and oharly defined with little red flags. Sj wall was this work per formed, that the rannio* tr*ck provoked admir atory aomments from Mr. W. Powter, represen tative of the 'Orange Laader.' Bit the public vab alms in arpiva \fnnv paai,lAa(.a rvf Milnncr had gone away by the m?rnin? train ; others were engaged pionicing round about the town ; several were basy with the wheat harvest ; and the Cnmnoolc folk expeoted to have : patronised these sports seem to have given their attention to Wellington. Consequently; the ground was bare of people until the afternoon, when the attendance improved, and a gniod ajirlnkliiig of the fair sex put in an appearance. A good old luncheon was provided on the ^ ground, for the uominal price of one shilling ; and seemed to be thoroughly appreciated. For ^ , this, Miss Leathern, was mainly respomibla. Jfv' That energetic lady, who has a very happy ? knack of mtnaging such afftirs, bad written to * many ladies of the district for contributions to j the luncheon ; and generally her request met ' liberal response, so that there were inore than enough ot excellent viands, even after the children had bean treated to a free afternoon tea. The repast «v ia served in a marquee, on the ground ; where Mtis Liathem was efficiently as listed by Mesdames W. NVindred, T. Smith, lAI m A ? nunl I W onJ ^fnVallltr ? ' alan Miss Tilbrook. Metars. W. Carroll and H. Tilbrook, also' rendered good aervioe in the . carving line. Tbe programme commenced with an . OPENING HANDICAP, 120 yards, for Allcomers. First prize 203, seoond lOi. Entrance fee Is Gi. There were thirteen entries as follows : — Floyd 2 yards, F. Chtmpness, 6, E. Thomson 10, J M'C.'ae 12, G Fagm 13, R. E»?on 17, F. Hull 17, J. Leathern 17, G. D»nnan, 18, ' Belmont' 18, F. Chalmers 18, C. Charters 10, W. G. Clark 20 This waa run off iu heats, with the following result (Fioyd being scratched) : — FIRST ROUND. First Heat. — G. Fagan (13yds), 1 ; F. Chal mers (18), 2. A go -d start was effected, and a close finish resulted ; so that m»ny on-lookers claimed that ' Libby' was first : but the judge knew best. Second Heat.— W..G. Ciarke (20yds), 1; K. Thomson (10), 2. There were a conple of false ?tarts, and when ' Don' let theoi go J. Laathem got badly left on his mark, which .put him out of the race. Tiie others made a good finish. ' Third Heat. — F. Champness (6yds), 1; G. Dorman, (18), 2. A good start was effected; bat Ohampneas after going a ihort distance ' overtook the company, breasting the Btring several yards in advance ; the others fairly / together, with M'Rae last. SECOND ROUND. First ..Heat. — F. Chalmers (18yds), 1.; F. OhampnesB (6), 2 : Chalmers led- to within five yards of the tape, When Champness and Thomr ?on olosed up in the order named. Second Heat.— W. G. Clarke, (20yds), 1 ; G. Fagan (13), 2. This was a hollow affiair. Dor nan did not oome aloqg at all, and the others praetioally walked id a;few yards apart. Final.— -G. Fagan (13yds), 1 ; W. G. Clarke ^ (20), 2 ; F. Chalmers (ISV^jF. Champness ' 'I (6), 4. They all got away to a real good start, , , / and a capital raoe ensued. T^a wih appeared to be a very popular one ; and several; admirers of Fagan ware to be heard latasnting ? that they oould not get any ' beans' about it. bovs' Race, Handicap, 100 yards, for boys 15 yenra and under. First prize, 'lYophy, valued at. 7,a 6d, presented by Mr. W. Carroll ; t-eoond, 2* 6d. Entrance, 6d. Twelve youngsters ef various ages, weights, and lengths paid the entrance fee. Mr.. P. . jP. A. Kinna and a few members of committee mustered the contestants in a group, and pro ceeded to s?rt them out according to their pro bable qualities, and 'eventually produced the following handioap, which seemed to give gene ral satisfaction : — Dolf. Fagan 2yds, J. McArdle 2yds, Stewart Hamey 2yds, F. Langdon 4yds, Willie Woolbank 5yds, A. Tilbrook 6yds, W. Brown 8yds, Alf. Burgess 8yds, Diok McGroder 8yds, Bert. Hogan 10yds, Claude MoNeilley 16yds, Bertie Morris 16yds. Fir*t Hnivfc.— . Rftrt HuoAh. lOvda. i : Willie Woolbank, 6yds, 2. They all got away well, and made a good race' of it. - Second Heat. — J. McArdle, 2yds, 1 ; A. Til brook, 6yds, 2. The winner came in ahead with a few yards to spare from Tilbrook ; and there was plenty of space between ail the others. Final. — J. McArdle, 1 ; A. Tilbrook, 2. ! Bogan was somewhat late in getting on his pins, j which spoiled his of winnimt (?» feat he was expected to perform) ; but the others got away well together, and a «ood raoe ensued. RB8IDENTH' SHKF7IELO HANDICAP, Distance 130 yards, for all ootners. First prize £3, 2nd £1 10s, 3rd 10i. This was the event of the dAy, and a great deal of interest had been taken in it since the handicap came out last week. F. Leathern f' Bunder';, with seven yards start, had been regarded as a ' moral,' whose pride of place waa only disputed by Thomson. Consequently he was a fast favourite, and money about him was going begging up to the start. Eason had a law aamtrera, whose oonhaence was strength ened when h» won his heat; but Clarke, who eventually pulled off the prize was not muoh in evidence amongst the u ho Jc.' The handicap was as follows E. Thomson 2 yards, *W. Andrew 2, *Robin Hood (Fagan G.) 3, J. McCrae 5, *1 Say, I Say 6, F. Lea thern 7, C. Mitigate 8, B. Millgate 9, G. Rae 9, *Graphic (Hull F ) 10, *Esaw (Dorman G.) 10, J. Leathern 10, R E*ston 10, F. Chalmers 11, H. Garlick 11, S. Kelly 12, W. Walker 12, R. Bailey 12, *Argus 13, W. G. Clark 14: . Who did the handicapping 1 was preserved a close secret at any rate until after the sports were over. Several people were credited with the work, but the name of the gentleman who, single-handed, did it was never even suggested. That it was a good handicap, every runner admitted, and tho result .emphasised. Four entrants were scratched,' but th^ee of these had only entered to help swell the funds, and never intended to run ; so praotically only one man out of seventeen rejected the handioap, and he ^did not do so through diBsatisfaotion, but from .another motive. This goes to show that this handioap was an ' all right one ;' and now that it is all over, we may most warmly congratulate Mr. Don Kinna, who was solely responsible. The sixteen runners were let out in heats of four each. l^irst heat. — B. Millgate (9yds), 1 ; W. G. I Clarke (14), 2. A capital start, and Clarke 1 managed to keep his lead almost to the finish ; | but Millgate came very strong, and touched the tape about an inoh ahead, after a good race. Second heat. — R. Eason (10yds), 1; J. McCrae (6), 2. After several false starts, Mr.: Don. Kinna got the men off well together, and Eason maintained front position to the finish, but waB gradually beiiiK overhauled although he won easily, leaving his followers a yard or so apart. . v Third, heat. — F. Chalmers (llyds), 1; O. Millgate (8), 2. This was a beautiful start, and Chalmers 'went to market' from the jump; hotly pursued by Millgate, withiut success. The others gave up the ghost some distance from home. Fourth heat.— E Thomson (2yda), 1 ; F. Leathern (7), 2. Thomson quickly passed his company, and came in with a rush which was very willing. He passed ' Bunder' at about 80 yards, wheD the latter seemed to suddenly go off for a seoond or two, but quickly recovered, and made a game spriut to get home first. Had there been an extra dozen yards to go, he might have been successful ; but as it was Thomson won bv a clear vard from Leathern, with the otherB nowhere. There waa disappointment written on the faces of the favorite's backers ; but they promptly proceeded to pay up, and look as oheerful as oircumstancea would permit. QUOIT MATCH. Prize, Silver-mounted Pipe, valued at 10s 6d, presented by Mr. C. T. Campbell, Chemist. Entrance 1b, Mr. Alderman F. Shield undertook judge this event, and had a long job. ? There were five competitors, and the match was won by D' Hudson, who casually remarked that it was only a question ot time tor mm to put tne rings where he liked— a bit of philosophy which might very easily, have been- applied to the other throwerB ; but they did not find sufficient time. LOCAL BICYCLE HANDICAP. Distance, It miles, for all ridera residing within 20 milea of Molong. First prize, Eleotrio Bicyole Lamp valued at £2 10s, presented by Mr. Tom Smith, Cyclist, Molong ; 2nd prize, Silver* mounted Pipe, valued at 10s, presented by Mr. R. Thomson, Baker. Entrance, 2s. ' W. Appleby, 50yds, 1 ; W. Smith, 300yds, 2; R. Bailey, 250yds. 3. Bicycle raoing has not been very popular in Molong reoently ; which circumstance probably accounts' for the amall .number of competitors. This was a very dull rsice. Appleby (a stranger) seemed to go along very slowly, still he gradually kept gaining on the others ; while Smith after hard work suc ceeded io pMiIng Bailey. Very Uttle interest waa msnifeited in the event.. SECOND ROUND SHEFFIELD HANDICAP. First Heat.— -E. Thomson (2yds),.. '.1 ; W. G. Clarke (1.4), 2; R. Eason (10), 3; and J. M'Raa (5), 4. There was considerable doubt expressed about the second and third position in this event ; and several people felt pretty confident that E-son was second. Upon the referee being appealed to, he upheld the judges' decision,' and Eason disappeared from the oon- . teBt ; which made a wonderful difference to Clarke's prospects, and he advanced a bit in public estimation. Seoond Heat. — C. Millgate (8yds), 1 F. Leathern (7), 2. A very good ra«e, but little interest waB taken therein OL1) BUFFERS' RACE. Distance 75 yards, age restricted to 40 years and . over. First, prize, fat sheep (dressed) presented by Mr. .T. T. Parslow. junr., ; Beoond prize, fat lamb, presented by Mr. P. Bowler. Entrance la There wss a lot of mild fun over this event, bnt owing to several reoognised 'old buffers' of a sprinting order being out of town, it waa not so livnly as was expected. J. Roberts, with a 12 yar.^s start, won the fat sheep and F. Morris (8yds) secured the lamb. P. M'Ardle was a fine third. One humorous ' buffer' (without the old) entered for the sake of making a raoe ; and the capers he cut, trying to tie his legs in ^ true lovers knot, bo that he should not win, provoked much laughter. TOSSING THE CABER. Prize, Trophy valued at 10s 6d, presented by Mr. J. Haalam. Entrance Is. There were four entrants, one of whom (Mr. C. Leathern) went in for the sake of making up the required number; and with about as muoh notion of winning as he has of discovering the North Pole. T. Bryant started the game, and left the pole where lie thought its mark would be nndiotnrbed. C. Leathern and H. Rend made frantic efforts to get the sapling up to Bryant's mark without snccens. Then W. H. Rose tackled the job, and improved his position each tosB Like the man with the quoits — if Rose had had time he might have got the caber where he wanted it ; but that ' time' is not available in this January ; and Bryant won. BOWLING AT STUMP. Prize, Trophy, presented by Mr. Ern. Black. adder, Jeweller. Entrance 6d. There were sixteen entries,*^ and Wally Ross won with two hits. Fagan, Black, and Tanner, aiso upset the Btump once each. THIRD ROUND SHEFFIELD HANDICAP. This was the final for the big money, and the competitors were reduced to four. After a first rate start, and good run W. G. Clark breasted j the tape about half a yard ahead of C. Millgate ; who, in turn had oleared E. Thomson by a yard. F. Leathern brought tip the rear. Clarke's win created great surprise, and provoked muoh gratification amongst those who had' lost on the popular 'Bunder.' . . MARRIED MBN's R&CE.; Handicap, 100 yards, for All Comers. First Prize*. Tin of Tea, valued at £1 5s, presented by Mr. Caleb Parker, Windsor StoreB ; 2nd prize, Trophy. Entrance Is. Judging by the elaborate preparations W. Leathern had made to show off his raoing-figure to advantage, it was naturally concluded that he was goiug to win in a canter ; but the luck of the ' Express' sprinters was decidedly out .on this occasion ; and the athletic William, with a 2 yard start, came anywhere in the rear. W. Carroll, ^sen., with 20 yards start was an impos ing figure on the. field, who kept well to the front, and won easily ; W. Flannery, with 2yds being seoond. The other starters were A. Price 10yds, and J. Weeks 6yds. BICYCLE RACE for all losers. First prize, first-class Cruet, presented by Mr. John Neilson, Glasgow Stores; second prize, Trophy, presented by Mr. R. J. Baker, ' Molong Argus.' Distance, 1 mile. En trance Is. G. Rae, 250 yards, 1 ; W. Smith, 50 yards, 2. Four entries. QUARTER MILE HANDICAP, for All Comers. First prize, Silver Cup, pre sen ted by Mr. C. Stockwell ; Beoond prize, 7s 6d. Entrance 2s. A. Hall, 15yds, 1 ; G. Fagan, 15yds, 2; B. Milgate, 10yds, 3. Other starters were — W. Ross, scratch ; J. Flannery, 15yds ; J. Weeks, 17yds ; R. Black, 20yds. BAND HANDICAP, For Members of the Molong Town B&nd;, distance 100 yards. Prize, Trophy. Entrance Is. This event fell through for want of support. Indeed, just about this time most of the bands* men left the.ground ; and many of the Bpeota tora, probably thinking the sporta ,had termin ated, followed suit. To say the least of it, the band's action in this matter was in very bad taate ; and the publio may well be excused for thinking that they should have seen the last of the programme ; even it they did no.t terminate proceedings with the ' natural' Anthem. CONSOLATION STAKES. Handioap for all losers. First prize, gentle man's writing desk valued at £1 Is, presented by Mr. J. G. Donaldson.. Distance 100 yards. Entrance Is. . There were eight starters, but little interest was manifested in the event. G. Dorman, with 10 yards, eame first.; H. Garlick, 8 yards, second. Others starters were, C. MoLeod, 3yds ; J. MoRae, 2 ; J. Leathern, 8 ; W. Ross, 3; C. Millgate, 2; and J. Weeks, 6. In conclusion, it should be said that too much credit cannot be bestowed upon Messrs. P. F. A. Kinna, W. Carroll, sen., Don. Kinna, G. Garlick, and C. Leathern, for the amount of' energy they infused into the proceedings^ and i tha eaecfotia and persistent manner in whioh they have worked to seoure success, ever sinoa the sporta .'meeting was projected. And also to Miss Leathern, for the deep interest sho took in the movement, and the considerable increase she made to the funds by her excellent refreshment table. That their united efforts to provide a 'good day's amusement was not productive of a larger sum is the fault of the public. 