An Irish Ghost Story. The statement in M.A.P. (writes a correspondent) that the young Marquis of Waterford is inclined to superstition, reminds me that among the archives of his family is preserved the record of the most remarkable ghost story in the whole literature of apparitions. The ghost was an ancestor, and. the lady who saw the ghost was an ancestress of the present Marquis, who bears the name De La Poer prefixed to the family name Beresford as the descendant of the offspring of a marriage which was actually pre- dicted by the ghost. Miss Hamilton (who became the wife of Sir Tris- tram Beresford J and James Do _La Poer, Earl of Tyrone, were cousins, and brought up from their childhood on terms of the greatest intimacy and affection. Their friendship was not weakened, but oven streng- thened after they had grown up and married, when the compact of which we hear so often in such stories was made between them that the one who should be the first to die should communicate after death with the survivor. Here is Hiady Beresford's account of what followed, as she related it a few hours before her death to her intimate friend Dr. Cobbe, Archbishop of Dublin. " One night, when Sir Tristram and myself were in bed, I awoke and discovered Lord Tyrone sitting on the-bedside. I screamed aloud, and endeavoured, but in vain, to awake Sir Tristram. 'For Heaven's sake,' said I, ' Tyrone, for what purpose did you come here at this time of night?' 'Have you forgotten our mutual promise,' replied he. ' Know, then, that I departed this life on Tuesday last at four o'clock, and have been permitted by tho Supreme Being to appear to you and give you an- assurance that revealed religion is the true and only x'eligion by which we can be saved. I am further permitted to inform you that you will be blessed with a son, who, it is decreed,- shall marry my daughter. Sir. Tristram will die, and you will marry again, and your second husband, will, by his cruel treatment, render your life miser- able. You will bring him two sons and two daughters, and die in child-bed in your forty- seventh year.' " Lady Beresford asked the appari- tion by what method she would be able to convince herself that she had really seen and communicated with him, and had not merely been dream- ing. " He thus replied : ' You are hard of belief. Hold out your hand.' I did «So. He touched my wrist ; his hand was as cold as marble ; but in a moment the sinews shrank np, arid every nerve withered. 'Now,' he said, ' while you live let no mortal eye behold that wrist. It would be sacrilege.' " Lady Beresford, till her death on February 23,1713 (her forty-seventh birthday), wore a black ribbon round her wrist, and is so represented in her portraits. The prediction of the apparition came true ¡ri all respects. Her first husband died, she re-mar- ried, and was unhappy in her second marriage. On February 23rd, 1713 (her birthday), a month after her confinement, she determined to cele- brate the day. An old clergyman who' had baptised her was among the guests. He told her she was a year younger than she had supposed; he had looked up the register of her baptism, and found that she was that day 47, not 48 years old. " You have sealed my death war- rant," was her reply. She dismissed her guests, retired, to her room, sum- moned Archbishop . Cobbe, told him her story, and expired a few seconds afterwards. Four years after Lady Beresford's death the prophecy" of the apparition was fulfilled to its most minute particulars by the 1 marriage of her son, Sir Marcus Beresford, to the only child of the Earl of Tyrone, who was Baroness de la Poer in her own right. The old Earldom of Tyrone was revived by a now creation and conferred on Sir Marcus Beresford, who assumed the name of De Ia Poer Beresford, and was the founder of the great family now represented by the Jiar quis of Waterford. ' DAIRYMEN'S PROTECTIVE ASSOCIA- TION.-An association of this charr acter has been formed on the Upper Hunter. The Dairies' Supervision Act, and the harshness with which it has been administered, was responsible for calling1 the new body into existence. By combina- tion, farmers can better obtain redress for grievances than by individual effort, and prevent the abuses^ that have accompanied the operation of the Act named. Impor- tant amendriients have already been carried, and there aro other regula- tions that also need improving. Associations are -being formed in different parts of the colony, and if these would co-operate, much benefit would result to the industry and those engaged in it. Tho local association ñas dono much good ; and if properly supported, can be made a useful and powerful organi- sation. HANDLING GRAIN.-Comparison is made between the^ system of con- veying grain in California and Aus- tralia. With us sacks contain four bushels of wheat or maize ; in Cali- fornia two bushels. It is claimed by the farmers of America that economy is gained in using; the small sacks, as they can be made of cheaper material; and further, there is less labour in handling. One man can, in loading or discharging a waggon, easily handle the smaller sized bags, whereas at least two are required to lift the four-bushel bags. In flour and sugar the smaller bags are used to a considerable extent in tho colo- nies, but the system has not jet extended to grain. Californians claim that their method is the most economical, and for tho reasons given there are grounds for believ- ing the contention to be correct. 