THE observances of the Queen’s Birth day of 1899 would appear to have de veloped into celebrations worthy of an Empire Day, such as the more ardent of Imperialists have long desired to see set apart each year, so that members of the British race and nationality all the world over should have a fixed date on which they may give expression in unison to the sentiment of common nationality and the unity of the Empire. It may be truly affirmed that that sen timent was never felt more strongly throughout the English-speaking peoples than it is to-day, and never before has it found such wide-spread, and, as nearly as possible, simultaneous expression as it received yesterday. In Canada, whose loyalty and patriotism have as sumed an almost unique fervor, the idea of “Empire Day” has been taken up with remarkable enthusiasm, culminat ing in the happy conception of a great festival in Montreal, which took the form of an entertainment to the school children, on whose behalf a loyal and congratulatory message was sent to Her Majesty the Queen. In the United States the prevalent feeling towards Great Britain has found some very strik ing manifestations. The “New York World,” which claims to have the largest circulation enjoyed by any journal in the onited States, approaching to a million daily, has issued a special edition, in tended as a souvenir of the 80th birth day of Her Majesty the Queen, and con taining numerous tributes to Her Ma jesty, by distinguished writers, while the eminent Dr Talmage has delivered an oration highly , eulogistic of Queen Victoria, in which ho declared her name to be .the “sweetest, dearest, and purest of the century.” Mainly a panegyric of Her Majesty, the address will prob ably be found to bear evidence also of the present cordiality of American feeling towards the British throne and Government and people, to which so much, fervent expression has been given of late. Yet another indication of; this has recently,' been furnished by a corres pondent of the “ Times,” who points ..out that had it been possible for the Queen to hold a review of the Metropolitan Volunteers in the course of the present summer in commemoration of that held in Hyde Park on 4th June, 1799, by George HI., accompanied by the Queen and their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of Kent, York, Gloucester,. and Cumber land, it is probable that the United States National Guard would have asked leave to be represented. Colonel Daniel Appleton, commanding the famous 7th Regiment of the New York National Guard, wroto to Colonel Sir Howard Vincent, M.P., under date 3rd April: “ It has long been the wish of my regi ment to visit the other side, and several propositions have been laid before our officers. At one time we had almost chartered a steamer for the purpose, but at the last moment we were obliged to forego the pleasure. The majority of the members of my regiment come from the Now England States and New York States, so that it practically represents the descendants of the English colonists, and we naturally take great pleasure in the recent cordial expressions that have been passing between our respective countries.” The : Queeu’s Westminster Volunteers replied promptly that mem bers of the 7th Regiment will be heartily and fraternally welcomed by them at any time, and by all the Volunteer Force of Great Britain. In the same issue of the “ Times ” allusion is made to the positively perforvid terms of the re ferences of the United States press to the reconciliation of John Bull and his Cousin Jonathan, which seems to be the standing theme of the poet’s corner of the papers. One example of this cur rent Anglophile versification, which is cited as having a good lilt in it, and as expressing a peculiarly appropriate sen timent at a time when news was fresh of British and American forces facing death together at Samoa, contains the follow ing stanza: " If you are wounded by a savage foe and bugles sound - 'retire,' There's something in the English after all: You may bet your life they’ll carry you beyond the zone of fire, For there's something in the English after all: Yes, although their guns be empty, and their blood be ebbing fast, And to stay by wounded comrades be to fall, Yet they'll set their teeth like bulldogs and protect you to the last, Or they'll die like English soldiers, after all.” It seems but a few months since the Venezuelan question was the occasion of a serious straining of the relations the two powers now so friendly. The United States Government was fet tered by a too literal interpretation of the Monroe doctrine, but all punctil iousness on that point has been swept away, and the evolutions of a year have endowed American Statesmen with the control of Hawaii, the Carolines, and the Philippines, and the shaping of the des tinies of Porto Rico and Cuba. The suc cesses of. the fleet have constituted America a sea-power, and she has set up a strong claim to an equal share with the rest in the trade of the tropics and the spoils of the East. Apart from the strong and almost unavoidable flavor of ■“spread- eagleism,” and of too high flown Imperialism on either side, which may be somewhat distasteful to the more staid disposition and calmer common sense of Greater Britain, there are ample evidences of a deep and strong current of feeling on both sides of the Atlantic who, in the words of the chairman of the and the elder power should henceforth work together rather than apart, 'as nations closely allied in race and senti ment, who speak the same language, strive equally for representative govern ment and individual liberty, whose civi lization is similarly progressive, and who, in the words of the chairman of U.S. Foreign Relations Committee, “are amicably approaching each other under the pressure of a great human evolu tion.” In their indications of the close ness of this raprochement the Queen’s Birthday celebrations have furnished happy evidences, accumulating on many others, of the readiness of both powers to enter on a common mission, which may lead to a still closer union if the in terests of either should be endangered or threatened. It is such signs that lead statesmen of Mr Chamberlain’s san guine temperament to view the dream of a league of the English-speaking people as within the region of sober and prac tical statesmanship. A commencement was made on Tuesday of the match between ' the Australian Eleven and the County of Yorkshire. Tne weather was again unfavorable, and fre quent showers interrupted the play. At last the rain became so incessant that it was decided to draw stumps for the day, the scoring board showing three of the Yorkshire wickets down for 83 runs. The County men made a very poor start, J. T. Brown being dismissed for a single, J. Tunniciiifo tor a, and F. Mitchell for a duck. F. S. Jackson and D. Denton came to the rescue of the county, and stopped further disaster, their respective scores when play ceased being 38 and 34. A re port of. the match appears in another column. With reference to Admiral Pearson's re port on the clothing of the Nuvui Brigaue, air Grainger, the manager of the Ballarat Woollen mills, states that the material for the brigade is at this date being supplied by his company, and either the doming complained of was not Ballarat serge or else Admiral Pearson is wrong in his state ment about it being a cotton mixture. The date of Admiral Pearson's inspection is not given, but the Ballarat AVoolien Mills have supplied the. material for the past six months, and Mr Grainger is emphatic in declaring that there is nothing *- shoddy" about it. The serge is all woolien without a trace of cotton in it, and Mr Grainger claims that the price is as low us any ma terial of the same quality could bo im ported ut. Representations have been al ready made to the Defence Department. The Birthday meeting of the Miners’ Turf Club, held on tno well- appointed course at Redan yesterday aiternoon, proved an unqualified success. The at tendance, notwithstanding the strong coun ter attractions, was very good, and the funds of the club will benefit to the extent of ASO. The fields, with one exception, the Jumpers' Flat Race, were exceptionally large, and the racing, although some of the finishes were fainy easy, was of an in teresting description. The times in the main were last, despite the fact that the going, owing to the recent rains, was rather heavy. The principal race—the Birthday Handicap—was won by Mr A. G. Blencowo's Mort Avis, who started at 3to 1 against. The battle between the pencillers and backers of favorites resulted somewhat in favor of the former. Owing to there having been no meeting in April, the committee were enabled to make some improvements at the course, which will be much appreciated. The gravel which has done duty for so long in the straight lias been removed, and tho course nearing the winning post widened to the full distance, which will boa great advantage, especially in a big field. Tho surroundings are in first-class order, und fully eviaence the careful attention bestowed on them. Tho arrangements for -yesterday's meeting were as usual of tho best, and gave additional proof, if it were required, of the capabili ties of the'secretary, Mr R. S. Foley. A detailed report of the racing will be found I in another column. The meeting of the Ballarat and Im perial Football Clubs yesterday was char acterised by considerable, rough, play on both sides, which should, if the umpire witnessed it, and it was evident that he did do so in some cases, be brought under the notice of the association. A little rough ness is excusable, but the displays of fisti cuffs given yesterday were neither edifying or useful,' nor did they tend to elevate the game in the eyes of the public. • As for the match itself, it was a surprise, for theßal-. larat seemed; to. bo outclassed altogether, as the resulted!) "goals to 3, showed. The falling off in the premiers’ fonn is unac countable in the light of previous perform ances. . . ' That a" letter should be in transit for a period of 44 days from Ballarat to a spot, almost under the shadow of the General Post-office in Melbourne is scarcely con ceivable, but ah instance of such a delay in transmission or delivery has been brought under the notice of Mr P. T. : Kemp, of Raglan street. More than six and a half weeks ago Mr Kemp forwarded a letter to the secretary of an unemployed committee in Melbourne, and it was not until yesterday that he received a reply in the following terms: —“Your letter, after a handling of 44 days by the most perfect postal service in the world, came to hand yesterday. You must have thought it sin gular that you did not receive a reply long ago, but you see Mr Duffy and his organ isation are alone to blame. We are think ing of getting the envelope, with its nume rous stamps, framed, i can assure you, sir, that it is something unique that the post-office should occupy 44 days in finding an office to which it is sending letters daily, and which is not more than 200 yards from the post-office headquarters. I trust that you long since saw the acknowledgment of your donation through the ‘Age.' ” The picture by Gordon Coutts of the Legislative Assembly of I886, which has been presented to the City by Messrs Gol- ler and Co. and the Nirvana Tea Company, arrived yesterday at the Western Station, but was not taken delivery of owing to Mayor Elliott having to leave the City on business. To-day, however, the picture will be taken to the City Hall. Some months ago telephone communi cation was opened between Melbourne and Ballarat, and it has been found so ser viceable to members of the Stock Ex change that two or three of the leading sharebrokers are asking, the Postal De partment to erect private wires between Melbourne and Ballarat, so that they may bo able to telephone direct from their own offices to fellow sharebrokers in Ballarat, without using any telephone exchange. They stato that if such wires were erected they would rent them from the depart ment. The Postmaster-General on Tues day mentioned the matter at the Cabinet, but as his colleagues were not prepared to come to any decision in the absence of an estimate of the cost of the work, the con sideration of the subject was postponed to a future meeting. There is a difficulty in arriving at tho cost of this proposal, inas much as the existing poles could carry five or at most six additional wires, but if more brokers than that number wished to rent telephone wires, then another line of poles to carry additional wires would have to be erected to Ballarat, and that would, of course, add materially to the cost. Some brokers are already objecting to the Go vernment assisting the more wealthy ones in the manner proposed, but it is probable that before the Cabinet consents to the expenditure it will require a good sum to be deposited by the brokers as a guarantee that they- will" rent the telephones for a stated number of years. A somewhat serious accident befel Mr J. L. Nettle the well-known conductor of the Neil street Wesleyun Church Choir, on Tuesday. Mr Nettle was engaged at work at his factory in Wills Street, and had occasion to ascend a ladder to adjust part of some machinery. Shortly after wards one of his employes found him lying on the ground insensible. Assistance was summoned, and he was removed to his home in Neil street, where he shortly afterwards recovered, and not feeling any ill effects from his accident, did not call in medical assistance. Yesterday, how ever,. Mr Nettle developed serious symp toms, bleeding at the lungs setting in. and Dr Martin .was summoned, and is now in atendance. . A narrow escape from a serious accident was experienced by Cr and Mrs J. J. Brokenshire at about 7.30 on Thursday night, while driving in a buggy along Lyd iard street. Mr Brokenshire was driving towards the post office, and was on the proper side of the road, when a horse and buggy belonging to Superintendent Hamil ton, driven by a boy in that gentleman s employ, collided with his vehicle. Mr3 Brokenshire was thrown out, and sustain ed a severe shaking. One of the shafts of •Mr Hamilton's trap struck Mr Broken shire, inflicting several bruises. Mr Brokenshire’s buggy was considerably damaged. Tho Adelaide express last night carried tho English mails, and in addition took away a large number of passengers, who intend joining the mail boat at Adelaide. Amongst these were several West Austra lians, who have been on a visit to Bal larat. An alleged ghost has been causing some consternation at Russell Square, Ballara.t East, of late, and efforts are being mado to effect a capture. Mr W. Peasnall in formed the police that while passing the square he saw a man with a gruesome re presentation of a coffin painted on his at tire in phosphorus. He gave chase, but tho apparition disappeared, and the mys tery has not yet been solved. The damage done to the grandstand at the Dowling Forest Racecourse on Sunday last was more extensive than at first‘sup posed. It seems that the gale struck the building at about 3 o’clock in the after noon, and lifted the roof bodily 12 feet over tho back wall. All tho front posts camo down, with the natural sequence that the front portion of the roof fell on the seats. All the frieze work was broken, and the iron balustrading also suffered considerable damage. As showing the force of the gale, it may be mentioned that some sheets of galvanised iron "off the roof were found about 100 yards away. It is estimated that it will oost at least ,£lOO to put tho building in a proper state of re pair. Messrs J. H. Peady, H. Josephs, and W. Robertson attended at the Town Court yestetday, but there was no business to be dealt with. The Druids’ carnival at the Alfred Hall was very well attended last night, and a good business was done at all the stalls, which, however, still contain a large and varied assortment of articles. Bulch’s Band rendered selections during the even ing, and the pupils of Mrs P. Loftus Bur rowes gave clever exhibitions of dancing. Tho well-known Reece family also per formed several dances in a meritorious manner. To-night the Orphan Asylum children will give gymnastic displays. . Mr J. Noble Wilson (chairman) and Cr3 Elliott, Heinz, and Pearce, of the Water Commission, yesterday travelled to the Moorabool, and inspected the streams which Mr Mahoney proposes to divert into the Gong Gong to increase the water sup ply of Ballarat. Tho scheme, some details of which were published in "The Star’’ last week, is to tap the Mcorabool at its junction with the Devil’s Creek, and to convey the water to the Gong, and as the watershed to be included is one-half as large again as the present one, it will be seen that a practically inexhaustible sup ply will be available. The commissioners mado a lengthened inspection of the coun try, returning to Ballarat in the evening. Tho work of removing the top portion of one-half of Gill’s Island was advanced a further stage yesterday morning, when a party of rowing men were busily en gaged in the task. The work is one of con siderable magnitude, as the island mea sures 70 x 30 feet. It is considered that about two-thirds of the work has already been accomplished. It is.understood that the work has up to the present time cost tho City Council about .£l2, and that an expenditure of £2O altogether will com plete the undertaking. An in memoriam service to the memory of the late Mr J. H. Swingler was held in Inverma Wesleyan Cburch last Sun- day. The church was draped in black, and a number of floral tributes were sent by friends. The Rev. R. de O. Robin, M.A., preached a beautiful impressive sermon. The church choir sang a number of suit able hymns. At the conclusion of the ser- vice Mr N. H. M’Donald played the “Dead March in Saul.’’ Subsequently the floral tributes were placed on the grave. The members of the Girls’ Friendly So ciety intend holding a competition and concert this evening, in St. John’s School room, Soldiers Hill. Entries for the com petition have been received from nil the City and Town branches, and the under taking promises to be a success. This so ciety is doing excellent work, not only in Ballarat, but throughout the diocese, and it is hoped that all those who sympathise with its aims and objects will show their practical interest by attending this even ing. The cookery exhibits will be sold for tho benefit of the funds. At tho City Police Court yesterday, Messrs Hurdsfield, Cooke, and Acheson, .1 s.P., presided, and dealt with one case, thnt of an inebrinte, who was fined 2s Gd with 2s Gd costs for a cab. The defendant was allowed two days in which to pay. Tho Rev. H. Howard delivered his sixth lecture at the Neil street Lecture Hall last night, on “The manifestations of the risen Christ. There was a large attend ance, and the lecture proved most enjoy able. Last night, at tho- Scots Church, Lyd lard street, Mr Abramovitch delivered a lecture to a large audience on “The Jewish Passover. The lecture was illustrated by views, and proved very interesting. 