OntlieEdgeofDoom . CHAPTER XXI. TIIE DOG WAKES IN THE MANNER. Could Cylmer Is ad seen her through that night of wan fear ? In and out of her bed' like a restless gliost, sho who had always before slept liko a baby ; crouching sullenly oyer her fire, hardening her heart to meet 'what must! come ; till a suddon'thpuglit would1* strike -with an Tinontturable' pang ' of terror and mako her start to hor,. feet and walk round and round her:room,-\lild i,'andi lterfiblo in hor beauty/ all Lher flaxen1, hair' streaming ovor tho face that was more whito than her nightgown. . ? , ' Murder will out, and by to-worrow night lie may have brought it home to her ! What ehalM do ? . Oh I what shall I do ?' i- r * Sho stopped in front of the roses hor lovor had givon her, and with sudden frantic hands tore them to shreds ; crimson petals, green leaves, fluttered ovor her muslin night dress ; ; tho thorns of tho stripped ' stalks toro hor liands, wounded her bare whito feet. As if tho pain had brought tyack her senses, she gave a long sigh, and stood quito motibnlops j presently she sat down vory wearily, on her | tossed bod. -- ' . ' I'm behaving like a fool !' sho thought. ct Ho will bp back and toll mo what was found before jtho polico act on it, or can get very far? if fclifw dn. 'And. for all I know, it mav be I tho greatest piece of luck we could have, and j draw suspicion, off on a false scent, 'arid save ' us. I will got out of him all thoy aro doing in timo to run if wo must'.'—she winced in I epito of liorself — 'but we won't run while thoro is ono ohanco left. I can't, I won't, ioBO him ! I don't soe why I should havo - to play Virginius for a mother who hatos me ! * ' And, now mine own dear little girl, thero is no way but this.' Speaking aloud as flip pantly as if tho whole thing wero a jest, and sho woro not siok at heart for tho mother ?who had borno her. ' Bali ! Th.oro shall bo a' ?way ! I'll mako ono. And tho first tiling I must do is to stop sitting , hero playing tho lieroino in a melodrama. Thoro will bo time probably, by and by, for that !' Her lips liftod in that hard snoor that could, makb' overi'- MrsV Troliirio bhririk, ? Sho rose' and put on a thick dressing go,wn.C;- As i calmly as if it wero broad daylight and tho proper timo for sowing, Miss Trelano opened a looked drawer and took out a roll of materi&I; she liad been at somo pains to obtain. Sho got down on tho floor, and cnt out and sowed hard for tho next two, (hours,' !not that ' there - was any liasto to oomplotohor task, but for tho solace of tho effort. Tho, thick softness ,of whito. Batinvshe -was', workifag with ma'db JliPr frown ' with some emotion that sho fought, down, for sho thought of tho dross that sho would never ?woar standing at tho altar with tho man she loved, i . ? ? . ( : ? l . ? ? W'ifl ' ' ' Woll, I can bear it as othor womon havo boforo 1' she thought grimly, sowing 'with firm, praotical fingers. ' Thank fortuno, all this wants is good, solid basting that, can't , como out ! I- would find no joy in sowing my fingors off ovon to got a cinch on Marcus Wrav.' .-????T, ;r l! Sho gave a littlo strotoh of fatigue, and surveyed bor work whon tho last stitch was sot. ? Thon sho let hor dressing gbwri slip oft1 lior lovely shoulders, and put on tho dress sho had so hastily run together. , , r ? ' Lucky 1 haven't to powder' my hair !n 'alio' thought as sho pilod it high on hor head, deftly, withoutgoing noartho glass. , Powder dropped on Miss le'Marohant'^' red' felt' stair oarpots would bo too romarkablo ovon for Thomas 1' Sho stooped as she spoke, took a fllmy]|\vliito scarf, i yards long, (from tho j open drosBcr, rindipiiblit over* her' head' and i'6und lior slim' body, Idaving'tho long' wide ends' to float gauvitfy behind hor as sho walked ovor to tho long glass sot in hor wardrobo. And ovon sho was startled at what sho saw in tho ligbt-of .the noarly-burnod-out caudles.' Tall^arid'» strangely slonddr in 'tho' shotft-' ?waistod,, tight-skirted gown, that olung, to lor sliapo, hor palo faoo ghostly undor the ;Hlmy oropo that voilod „it, only lior eyes burning dark, fiory, and rovongoful to givo it any somblnnoo of lifo, sho stood tho living imago of tho pioturod woman upstairs.. In lior barotfeot b}ip triovbd^to and'fr'o iii' front 61 tho glass till sho learnod a movement that *iado hor look as if alio floated, rather than ' That ia all right, I think,!' sho.musod.'f ' Thomas' nnd * Jossio aro1 tlio only people t Bhould ovor bo in danger of mooting, and I think I am quito onouglrto m&ko; thom howl ond run, without stopping to invostigato. 'But ns tiling^ aro | now,; ; I; don't; fdpl- Ys6 jiauoh iutovcst i.UjSnbfiking i'ound at night, trying, to uatoh MarouB 'otttl ' -My parent A nook and mjr own happiness soom a triflo moro important. Sho pullod bit! 'tlio old-faBliioued f rook as carolossly as bIio darod considering its fran puttingitogothor, aud Btuffad it and tho scarl an to tho drawer, picked up ovory thread and sorap.of Butiiv.tliat might betray hor 6ccupa tion and burnod thom. Sho wnB asleep almost lieforo sho had extinguished tho oandloB and laid lior hand on lior pillow — usloup in a straugo attitudo, flat on hor baolc, hor* arms flung wido and straight liko a oross. As sho slept ? tho wijjlitlBkioB burst in. rain^ and at tho rptir o£ tho downpour on tho windows, the girl's quiet face twitched' with pain. In hor dream it was the noiso of the crowd waiting to see her mother hanged ! In the morning it still rained, heavily and hopelessly. Por one moment sho hoped the weather Mpould keep Cylmer at home, but then she remembered that rich people with closed carriages, cared very little for rain and wind, .And sho wanted him to go; tho sooner she knew what had been found, the better, 'Ismay!' Cristiane said at breakfast, ' what have yon been doing to yonr poor hands ?' Briars,' concisely. ' You shouldn't try to pick those thorny rose berries without cloves, town child !' And at tho laughing voicu Ismay shud dered/ . Trnly such as she had no right with* roses at all, ' What aro we going to do all day P' pur sued the heiress discontentedly, tho riches and luxury of her house being too old a story to !enjoy of a wet day. ' Just look at the rain ! Let's go out and get dripping.' 1 ' And have pneumonia when we come in,' .with practical . experience of. wettings in tbo days when she ran errands, half clad. ' Not I ! ... ,? .. ' But I'm bored,' peevishly. 'Are you? Thon thank heaven! It's a vory healthy state of mind,' said Ismay, drdlly. ' I wish I wore.' V Aren't yon p' with her violet eyes wide open. , Ismay shook her head. ' Generals are not non'olln 4-V. ^ K »V,„4- mu'st be fought against overwhelming odds, and no more was sho. ' Too glad to bo in out of that !' sho ob served, coolly. '1 used tq bo out in it too often whon we, wero poor.' ' I'd liko to bo poor, and work,' Cristiano said, thoughtfully. ' It must bo so amuuing novor to know where you're going to got to morrow's dinner ! Something like gambling.' ' Vory like it ; whon you lose, and have no dinner. ' ' ', ' : ?- 'You're so material!' Cristiano said re proachfully. ' Now I want to bo amused. 13ven stupid old Miles would be better than nobody.' , , , Ikmay was so startled that sho had blushed crimson before sho had timo to turn away hor headi Utterly at a loss, sho sat as guilty looking as tho silliest school girl who over adored a music master in seoret! ' ''Stupid old Miles!' sho could have boxed her hostoss'B ears with rage. And for once her'hoBtess was cloar-eyed. ' A 'suspicion had sprung up full grown in hor j mind as sho saw Ismay's confusion. Why should sho get so red at the more name of a* man she had only seen twice? Could those solitary walks of hers havo covered meetings with him? He was nearly always ' hanging about — or had boon! ? . Cristiano had Refused him certainly, but she was none tho less stung at tho mere thought that ho was daring to console himself j sho felt, exactly liko tho proverbial dog in tho mangor-— even if sho did not want tho oats, no onoj olse should havo thom. For tho first time, Miles' Cylmer seemed a desiraolo pos session to tho spoilt child. , . ' ' What's' tlio matter P' she inquired. ' Don't look so cross. ' Ismay throw back lior head, with a lovoly laugh that rang with innocouco. ' I'm not crosB,' she cried, ' it's you that are a baby ! I told you long ago that you really liked him.' Her sweet voico gavo no sign of ,tho fright in her mind, lest this girl, who had overything, might try to got back the onei'owo lamb that was Ismay'B all, and so strike aside the' arm that was 0,11 that stood between hor and death. ' ? ' ' ' | '!l didn't' liko him, or I could havo married' him'.' ' Cristiano retorted, with intention : Ism'ay should seo that MileB was liers and not to bo interfered with. ' ? ''Why on earth didn't you thon ? ' He's bo good looking,' importurbably. ^ ! ' I got too tired 6f him. He was a friond ,of father's, and always botlipring over ,horo.' As ;usual hor crimson' lips quivered ' at ' her father's namo.' ? ®'|: ?' '' (? '.''Oh; Cristiane— darling, forgive /'mo'l'*1 Ismay kissedi hor, half Svith real compunction^1 half to mislead lidr. ' ' Don't lot's tdlk of; liita' anymore.'' ' ; ?? : 1 r ' I don't want to j I hato liim. ' ; He novor oamo near me whon I was in trouble; .judi because I wouldn't marry him,' Did you ever hoar of anything so'selfish P' ' smartin'g' tears in lior oyos; ! : ' Ismay rofldotod swiftly that flho must. burn that penoillod bard.'1 ; ' Isuppo&oj;'1 Cristiano was goitig on, ' lie will bo baok'again. sooiiT-i- sayingho loves me, and all that, but ho can did of lovo fot all mo.' i 1 In spitd of her 'anxious heart; it ^ was all' jLsmuy uuuiu,' uo iu Kiiop up miO' corn, oiuur laugh that waB in hor throat. Romeo loved Rosaline— -and saw Juliet^!1 , Did my hea, it lovo till now P For swear it sight ! ? ^or 1'no'er saw true beanty till tbiB night. - slio quoted tlio old words of that most un happy lovor undor lior broatli',1 , 1 ?- ' What'?' ;Baid Cristianoi' half lioaring; ', ''I was ' only quoting out 'of : Romeo and Jnliot,M.: softly.'' ' You rbmiriddd mo of it.'' , ? Stupid thing, all about lovo ! Comti along andjplay 'billiardii.' But ' hor ' Idoo 1 was ' un-, olou'dod again;' Ismay's blu^li'mustliavo boon acoi(lont ; if not, sho would not daro to ponidh now. She and' lior mothor 'must plda^o Cris tiano, or out thoy 'would 'jgb,' 'tlio 'vory instant sho !was ono and twenty. ,i: ?; ?' « ; iiwiah that nice Mr.',' Wray was' oomin'g, ba.olc .soondr;'' Bho'll'obseryedj; whon' ' lior equanimity . was - furthdr.1 'restored ' by ' having ' boat'on Ismay at billiai'ds/ A fortaighb is a. vovrf long time whon you're dull!' , '' ' ' fi, ' |You don't' liko' liitli' ,?' 1 Tsmay in tho very first stroko of tho now gamd' had;|a h^row osoapo from cutting tho cloth,' 1 ' ' ,'[ liko lijrar far :bottor'that 'Milds 'Cylfnor. Ho's so muoh olovoror— and kinder,' dropping lioi'jvoioo, ... '' lMi,r,,'. ' Kinder P ' Look hord Orisiliano',' listen (to mo,',' vory, darnestly.' ''' Ho1 .isn't' kind ,at all. and !I wouldn't trust him, u I -voro you. -with my littlo fitagori'' ' ! . ''!WhylP','misbhiov6usly', wjjulcl'lio^itp P^' jinWcing a doxtorous oavom'that tho bthdr girl watbhod in sildiioo? 'A forihighl~ldn'g I 'Wljotj, that' was all tho timo that'miglit'bpJbft tq 'Sir, Gasbakl's daughter 'to livo and' broa&'o.in this, world that was ao awoot.1 'Por, '^ moment libo, graqu1 cloth, tho rod arid 'whito ballsBwam ,bdforo hor oyos, ' ' , , ' Toil to mo I Mark it, Ismay' olapjjihg hor Jiands.' . ' Why don't youanswor P I boTiojfe^j you'ro' oross booauso Mr. Wray tallcs moro fco,' your mothor and mo than ^oyou.!' , |lt,V ' I wish ho wotfo: Stru'dfc 'duikli; 'and ^^0,11,13! novor speak again;' sho l'opliod, Viciously.' ,' ,' ',1 idon't liko him booauso I, think lio's ,a bad man',; ? ihis is 'wliy.' 'J i. , ? M.-.l :??-*. yj'-- ,. ' 'Then I shall like him,' witli defiance, 'Bad mon in books are always mucn tho nicest; I have often longed to know one,' ' Well, you have your wish 1' returned Ismay calinly, making an excellent shot at Cristiane's ball. ' You and I aro oven, for once,' sho added with two meanings ; for if Bhe had taken CriBtiano's lover, tho latter was very welcome to hers — if she could get him. But Cristiano was standing, cue in hand. 'Listen, I bear wheels!' sho criod. ' There's somo one coming. Even if it's only Miles, ho shall stay to lunch.' Indifferently, smco Miles was in London, Ismay followed her to look' out on tho rain beaten sweep of gravel, Yet could it be Miles ? Por a closed fly from tlio station wad in front of the hall door. ? vJristiane gavo a little snrien, ' It's — why Ismay, its your mother ! And Mr, Wray,' as a man followed Mrs, Trelane leisurely on to the streaming terraco. ' Oh, hurrah ! Now I shall bo amused.' Sho seized Ismay by the waist and made her waltz wildly round tho room, dropping her at tho door to rush and greet the arrivals. Ismay Trelane, white as ashes, was left alone to meet a terror that mado her armB fall inert to her sides. ' What had brought her mother back P And what was hurrying Marcus Wray that hiB fortnight of graco had been turned to two days? . , . ' Dear God in heaven !' whispered the girl who had no season to believe in anything but hor onomios and a devil, CHAPTER -XXII. f A v 11 A Jv M 1 n U JUAN. ? Thomas, waiting that evening on tho dinner' panty of four, beamed as ho directed his sub ordinates, so joyful was ho to see tho old light of happiness and gaiety On his yOung 1 mis tress's face. ' The strange gentleman from Lohdoii talked bo well and was so quietly amusing, that the old man had to turn away at times to hide thp emile forbidden to a woll-bred servant. _ But ho showed his gratification by pressing on Mr. Wray Sir Gaspard's pricelesB Burgundy, which by degrees warmed that individual to the heart, so that important things seemed curiously loss important, oven to him. He was not used to sparkling Burgundy,' which is a heady and insidious drink if you are not accustomed to it. ' , , . : Ismay surveyed the party, from a different point of viow. , , ' ?' ?r There sat her mother ; probably a murderess, certainly a thief ; next her Wray, a receiver of stolon goods, a blackmailer, with an awful crime waiting for committal; at tho head of tho table Cristiane, with death at her elbow; and against thom all no ouo'but a girl fearing all things, hoping nothing. It was certainly' an uuusual party. ' ' _ Mrs. Trolane, powdered, painted, nervously r.n„ win a vpp.lrlo«« in hor conversation. Ismay, with resigned despair,' did not try to warn her ovon by a glanoo; Cristiane, porliaps, did not understand hor wildest sallies, spoken in the current idiom of tho London of the lawless. ' If slio did, she'd leave the table,' tho girl thought soomfully, looking at tho othor girl's Bmiling density. ' ' But I wonder, wondor, wonder what brought him down!'' '' Mr. Wray caught hor glarico7 that was so hard and searching. 1 1 ? ' , ' Dear Ismay,' ho' said paternally, ' havo a littlo mercy ! Dorl't Bit thoro wishing I had stayed at homo.' . 'I didn't know you had a homo !' cuttingly.' 'HavoyouP' , . , , Por somd unknown' reason tlio shot' told j' porliapB Mr. Wray knew more of domoBticity than; ho avowed, for hd changed hiB smilo with abruptness. , ' '? ' ' ?' . ' I'hope to liavo oxlo— Bome day ! ' his tone that of a man who takes an undesorvod wound bravoly ; his glanco, that only Ismay salw, a cold and ' Savajgo throat. ' i Cristiand fluBhdd. ' How' coul-J , Isnlay, whom' lior father' had saved from starvation, dafo to taiint a man,' 5 vflio oould not ' bo.'tbo' 'well off; with his poverty P ' ' ' 'Homes aro' uncertain' tliingB 1 sho ob sprvod acidly, and Ismay could havo wrung hor hands under tho table .as slid saw hor motlior look with opon mockery at Wray: : \- What woro thdygoing to 'do? '? '' '' There'll bo no ohanco of my finding out by 'listening,' slio'thought' forlornly. ' Thoy must havo done all the .talking thoy ho'eddd in tho 'trainS' Thoir plans— his plan'— with bittor bprroction, ' must bo cut and driod by how, and that idifat of a' girl will walk into thoir. trap ! Tho trap, that will 'bb only a bonofit to that boast,'' with a tiny Bash 'of hor trroon oyos toward Marous Wray; ' for!I know' that ho is going to lot suspioiori; if thoro 'is any, 'fall on my mother. Any no'tioo or publioity that brings hor before tho world would bo onongh to ruin hor. Sho oan't got off t\yico— and so soon ! But perhaps ho moans to Btarid by hor on ncodiint of tlib money. ; Ho must it would bo murder wastod, if hp' did' not. And not ovon lio' would was to murdor.' Hor faoo' was moro Bombro than fjho knewi us' hor 'thoughts, in spitb'bf hor, flowtbpylmbr and his business in London',' And W'ray saw it ; h'b' was usod to rudonoss in lior, (but not to gloom, and in spito of tho ohdbring Burgundy li'o was'suspioiouB. At bodtimo,' ob' !hb' lit Mrs.' Troliino'B candlo for her in' .'tho; hall; lid ' spoko to hor angrily and .quietly, having ignored hbr^ 'iov'.- Oi'iBtiano^tliro^ 'tho ovomng,'.' \- '?'« What's tho 'mattor with Ismay P Havo Vou! boon ' foolish1 enough to toll lior things P Sho1 looks* 'simply stuffed with ? rightoous '^Ismay, on tlio fli;st stop of ;tho stair^, jiviolcbd up hor ears at liis tono. , But Cristiano, hor arm' through lliors,l,wdsl'draggihg ' hor on— Oristiaiio, flushed with bxoitomont— hor young blood' ' aS' liglit' ; in' 'lior.' from Marous^ W i'ay s rospobtfully (icIorinjg' oyGS us bis liiid poonfroin ^ .lior father's Burgundy ! , . , . - ,,,: .. ' Miss Trbland, fbr tho tidoond timo that day, lbhgod to b'dx lior oars.' 1 ','1'hato fbblB,''sho; thought, grimly, ' and 'this'bnb'will i{uiti 'horsolf and mo, too, if I 'can't 'tdaoli' ' lior iomo sdiiso,.^ Hoav Marousi must bo grin nirig tb1 Sd'6 mo lod firmly , away by tho firm 'of affobtibn ! 'If ifc 'woron'tdangor-, bus, 'I'd lot him'soo'ft littlo :mpr6; of ! it, but it s [host; for him td tliirik' I 'liatbhpr.. Andthpi 'Worst of it is I' o(j,n't'';hblp' trying' to take ,oaro of tlib silly Httlo donkoy, I wish l could spdalc out 'to|l»oif|',:Bttti.''BhOjd;'^ too. ^^^stiano gave' an 1 ooStatio 'dquobzo to tho inort arm iu'hbrs.' ,, -, , ?. ,,|: i ? 'Isii't lib a dea^P slip wliisporod as thoy, turnoil' !tho''birnor of thb grdat . stairs^ ; !ti ' , , '.lam'aV stoppbd .tW'Bbobnd out of 'sight.'from'bolow;' and.Hvas liStonmg,^^^^ !,hgr ? Lit! h'.in ?.?.iV/'viU.'f 'M-'ttU* .risl.-. - Wray was just underneath her, and his wrathful voice floated up to her in a farreach ing whisper. ' Mind yon find out whatailB tho girl before you go to bed, ahd como and tell me in the library. She makes mo angry with -her tragical airs,' ' Nothing so fatal bb a whiBper ! I'll mark that for future reference,' roflected the eavesdropper with lightning speed. ' What did you say Cristiane, dear P' ' , 'If he's a wicked! bad man they're charm ing things,' demurely. ' And he's' going to stay a week ; I aBKed him. Won't : it be nice? Come- now, tell the truth ! Don't you honestly think ho'B charming ?' 'If I say another word against him sho will hate trie.' The thought made, Ismay Bmile with that knowledge old as earth. ' Charming P Yes! But you'll turn his head if you let him know it.' Charming was exactly the word ; people used it about ti snako fascinating a bird before it killed it, ' Of co.nrso, I shan't let him know it,' re turned Cristiane, with what was only saved from being a vulgar smirk by lior lovely faoo and well-bred ancestry, ' Good-night ; mind ydu'ro nice to him to-morrow, because lie's going to stay,' with a laughing nod of power; since it was her house and her guest that wero in question, Sho won't let him know it ! Whon she's been looking it at him all tho evening,' said Miss Trelano derisively, whon sho was safe in her own bedroom. ' Por pure downright idiocy, commend mo to a well-brought-up girl who thinks tho world is a play-ground where littlo geese can wear gold collars and show them off to tho nico, kind foxes !'' but sho did not smilo at hor own parable as sho locked her door and got into bed with in- 1 credible speed. Sho had not beon there five minutes boforo tho door handle was turned sharply. ' Ismay, open the door at oncp 1 You can't bo; in bed,' criod hor mother from tho corridor with tho arrogance of a person who finds a door unexpectedly locked. ? 'Yes, I am!' with childliko surprise. ' What's tho matter ? I don't want to got up again.' ' Let me in at once,' giving the door a cross jerk; ' . , % * ' Delighted !' sho crossed^ the floor -with swift bare foot, arid turnod'tho key. ; ,, ' What dn earth did you lock your door for P' Mrs. Troland bangod it behind hor , as she swept in, hot gauzy 'glittering, go.wn that, was fit for tho stage trailing behind hpr. ':And yonJll never keop.your looks if you're, goiiig to got iritp bed like a pjlbugh boy, with-' out 'oven washing) your face*';^ jv ';It's quite clean. I novor use powder,' j surveying tlio finger she had drawn down hor cheek at tho accusation. , 'Pray don't bo clover. , I'm doad tirod,' ' Mrs. Trelano dropped into tho most comfort able chair in the room. ' I can't appreciate !i„ T RunnnBa vou locked vour door booauso you're annoyed with mo for bringing Marous lioro ?' ' ' Ismay, sitting on tlfo edge of hor :bed,. whito and exquisito, rubbod ono foot with the1 shell-pink lieol of tho othor; and looked ashamed, as one who is about to disgrace her self by a chickon-lioarted confession. ?' ,, ';I, always look my door in this, house , at night,' looking at hor foet. . ' I'm 'afraid !' ' v«,( Afraid ? ? Whit on oarth of P' , Nothingr— on 'earth,' whispering. 'But haven't' you hoard anything fui&ny;, since you camd'horo ?' 'Nothingsofuiinyasthis!' oontomptuously. 'Do talk ? sensibly. I oamo to say some thing. Do you supposo I oaino bdok to thiB dull liolo for fun ?' 'I am talking sonBibly.'' , Por tlio first timo Ismay looked up, and her gazo would havo made tho fortuno of a tragedienne. Deep earnest, magnetic, hor oyos caught) and held lior mother's. ? ? , ' Do you mean to toll me you don't know about tho thing thoro is in this house?' sho demandod. ' Tho' thing that moves' softly at liiglit, up and down tho staii'B, that you can hear— if you standi in tlio ^corridor— coming closer, closer every minute, till it passes you with a cold liko' snow in lior faoo,' and: you 'can't movo for fright'; ? Sho was dio ving hor hands. in a strange .waving motion to . and fro, as tho witoli' of Endor might ihavo dono beforo Saul, and a strangQ.uneasinosB'. caught at Helen Trolauo'B wrotohod soul, ovon while 'alio n-ntyn n annffltlf* Iniirrh. r t , » ''TJio thing,. .that. is, vory old aud ovil, and moans no good to. any in ;tho house, .Booauso if you don't know, ask Thomas! You saw how frightonod, lio .was tlio day I told boforo him my droairi about tlio 'musio at night,' with a return of hor practical mannor that was' Bomohow- , moro improssivp , than hor mother liked. , ,, '? . ..ij.,,,' ? . s . A ,-.j,i '' What, lias your droam of a'piano boing played in tho niglit got to . do, with servants; storios ' about' ghosts -?'.,. I 'Yot Mrs. . Troland could ? not holp ? glancing, at tlio .shut. door. 'With'Saro^s in .^, tlio ( houso, with tlio world against her on ovdry Bido, it would bo too awful to gob, nervous terrors on hor brain.', ' It wasn't a droam— and it .wasn't a piano,' said Ismay, quiofcly. ' .Thomas ; oan toll you ; : I'vp had enough , without talking ?'about' it. Arid if I wore'' you, I'd got. to, bod bofore it got muoh later ; , ,1. want to' got my. 'dpbr lookdd.^ I dori't^'darp .^inuoli ,'for . thoao diirk corridors outsido'. ' Arid if , you, got frightonod out thoro it won't, bo( of j any use coming to my, door,, for no power on, oartli would malcb mo' liulobk it after, twelve o'clock at night'. Tliis is a .Vilo,' , abominable,, houso,, !' and I!m afraid in, it. Sp'np^,ypu know.!' , rn f' I' know I novor hoard' anything so silly, vioibuBly'i yot thb.ppwbririgappyohpns^ look. ' the girl gav'o' '.iit tho pbrridor, as, hoiv .'mptlior , thro|w ojopn' tho dbpr into it mado Mrs. Trolano ;ua6omfortablp«; . 'y, . :... u ;.|v ? . 1 Ismay ' lipai talo^} ( ioi% |iin lUBtuiifc uoipvo Blip lnnknrl th'o'dbdr an(3 roturriod'to bod. ,. , , : ' I'rievbr found out why slid canio baolc or why] sho brought |him,' sho musod. , ' But it wouldK'hdvo boon '.nb-jgot^i'.to ask. , '^hd would only 'liavo' mado,(|up sorilothing;, slio novor looked at mo, dxodpt. that(briod,. wlion. I mado hor. '* . And it'.wbuld hot' bo ; Syiso, to. go down arid listen dftor tolling hor gliost Btones. Shojdidn't boliovo ^liom,; and she'll toll him and lib ?won't' boHovo:iliom, flrid |tlioy'll laugh,. But;all tlib' Biiriib tlVo/.will, invostigato ^bypvy, iriouso that squoaks p;,,tho;.,'|pa,ssagb, sand, I should got oaught.''f, . ;'.'j ... ' Shbg6tinto;i5bd,,6udclpri]y borisoious of, boing vory ^rpaiy rts alio ripstlod.iuto tho jvarm shoots, but ?'iji.t .! , ' 141 /give 'thom timo to'.intoryiow ,T15iopu\B dud jlbtmy'talosinlc in a littlo. I don't bo lie'vo tl% will.say , anythjng ,-woijtli knowing to-night, A,nd'by to-morrow liigbt Jt shall ,knoW moro'~apaiu.^ lip^ bvoatti^t tho thought— u ok, I'll pr.oWbly, be able to frighten her into anything by to morrow night !' with apprehension that made her feel cold for all tho warmth of the silk quilt that covered her, ' 7 Yet the next instant she sat upand listened, Sho had been right : that was tho .rustle of her mother's dress as she swept by to Ji°r bedroom, Ismay sat perfectly quiet as the light steps paused and Mrs. Trelane tried the door again, Nnt a sound answered her sharp ' Ismay. ! ' but the girl did not smile as she spoke to her self when thp steps had passed on, : ' I've convinced her that I'm not to be got at, at night, from fright,' she muttered, ' if I wero not really sick with fright for' her life — and other things — it might be funny !' and as slio lay down sho shivered. (To be continued*) 