t§ I COMPLETE STORY. S-„ ' ' ' [rtJBUSTCED OT ETECIAL ARUAXQEHENT.] Jimmy Goggles the God, H. G. WELLS, Author of "War of the "Worlds," " The Island of Morcau," " The Time Machine," &c.;, &c.; [COPTHIOHT.] T isn't everyone •who's been a god," said tbo sunburnt man. " But it's happened to me, among other things." X intimated my sense of his con descension. , "It don't leave much for ambition, do£s it?" said the sunburnt man. "1 -was ono of those men who were saved from the Ocean " Pioneer. Gammy! How time flic*! It s twenty years ago. I doubt if you'll remember any thing of the Ocean Pioneer . The name was familiar, and I tried to recall when and where I had read it. The Ocean Pioneer? 44 Something about gold dust," I said vaguely, " but the precise " 44 That's it," ho said. 44 In a beastly little channel she hadn't.no business in—dodging pirates. It was before they'd put the ky bosh on that business. And thero'd been volcanoes or something, and all the rocks was wrong. There's places down by Soona where you fair have to follow the rocks about to see where they're going next. Down she went in twenty fathoms before you could have dealt for whist, with fifty thousaud pounds' worth of gold aboard, it was said, in.one form Or another "Snrvivors?" V Three." "I remember the case now," I said. "Thero was something about salvage " But at the word salvage the sunburnt man exploded into language so extraordinarily horrible that I stopped aghast. He came down to more ordinary swearing and pulled himself up abruptly. "Excuse me," he said, "but salvage!" He leant over towards me. "I was in that job," he said. 44 Tried to make myself a rich man and got mado a god instead. I've got -my feelings." 44 It ain't all jam being a god," said the sunburnt man, and for some time lie conversed by means of such, pithy, .but unprogresave axioms. At lost he took up his tale again. "There was me," said the sunburnt man, "and a seaman named Jacobs, and Always, the sn&to; of the Ocean Pioneer. And him it was set the.whole thing going. I remember him now, when we was in the jolly boat, suggest ing it all toourminds justby onesentence. -He was a wonderful hand at suggesting things. 4 There was forty thousand pounds,' he said, 'on that ship, and it's for me to say just where she went down.' 44 It didn't need much brains to tumble to . that. And he was the leader from the first to the last. Ho got hold of the Sonderees and their brig—they were brothers, aud the brig was the Pride of Banya; and he it was bought the diving dress—a second-hand one with a compressed air apparatus instead of tubes and pumping. Ho d have done the diving, too, if it hado't mode him sick—as it docs many people going down. And the salvage people were mucking about with a chart he'd cooked up, as solewu as could be, at Starr Race, a hundred and twenty miles away." 441 can tell you we was a happy lot aboard that brig, jokes and drink and bright hopes all the time. It all seemed so neat und clean and straightforward, and what rough chaps call a 4 cert.' And we used to speculate how the other lot, the proper salvagers, who'd started two days before us, were getting on, until our sides fairly ached. We all messed together in the Sanderses' cabin—it was a carious crew, all officers aud no 'men, and there stood the diving dress waiting its turn. The younger Sanders wus a humorous sort of chap, and he saw something funny, in the confounded thing's great fat head and its stare, and he made us see it too. 4 Jimmy Goggles,' ho used to call it, and talk to it liko a Christian—ask if he was married, and how Mrs. Goggles was and all tho little "Gog gleses. .Pit to mako you split. And every blessed day all of us used to drink the health of Jim Gaggles in rum, and unscrew his eyes and poor a glass of rum in him, until instead of that nasty mackintosherincss he seemed as nice in the inside as a cask of rum. It was jolly times we hod those days, I can tell you —little suspecting all tho disappointment bat was a-coming. . " We weren't going .to throw away our chances by any blessed hurry, you know, and wo' speut a whole day souuding our way towards where the Ocean Pioneer hud gone down, right between two chunks of ropy gray rock-lava rocks that rose uearly out of the water. We had to lay off about half a mile to get a safo anchorage; and there was a row who should stop aboard I remember; and there'she lay just as sho had gone down, so that you could sec the top of tho masts, that were still standing, quite distinctly. And I went down ou Friday morning directly it was light. 1 What a surprise it was! I can see it all now quite distinctly. It was a queer looking place, and the light was just coming-. People over hero think every blessed place in the tropics is a flat shore, and palm trees and surf, but it is a lot more varied really. This place, for instance, wasn't a bit that way. Not common rocks they were, undermined by waves, but great curved banks like ironwork cinder heaps, with green slimo below and thorny shrubs and things just waving upon them here and there, and tho water glossy, calm, and clear, and showing you a kind of dirty gray black shine, with bugo flaring red brown weeds spreading motionless, and ccuwl* ing nod darting things going through it Aud far beyond tho ditches and pools, and the heaps, wus a forest on the mountain flank, healing again from the fires and cinder showers of the lost eruption. And the other way, forest, too, and u kind of broken—what was it?—amphitheatre of black and rusty I cinders, rising out of it, and the sea in a kind | of boy in the middle. I "The dawn, I say, was just coming, and there wasn't mnch colour about thing*, and not a human being bat ourselves anywhere in sight up or down the channel, except the Pride of fianya, lying out beyond a lump of rocks towards the line of sea. 41 Not a liumun being in sight," he re peated, and paused. 411 don't know where they came fiom, not a bit. And wo were feeling so safe, that wc were all alone, that young Sauders was a-smging. I was in Jimmy Goggles, all except tho helmet. ♦Easy,' says Always, 4there's her mast.' Aud after I'd hod just one squint over the gunwale, I caught up the bogey and almost tipped out as old Sanders brought the boat round. When tho windows were screwed and everything was all right, I shut the valve from the compressed air belt in order to help my sinking, jumped overboard feet foremost, and down I went—for we hadn't a ladder. I left tlic boat pitching, and all of them no dGubt staring down into tho water after me, with all their eyes, as my head sank down into the weeds aud blackness that lay about the most. I suppose nobody would have bothered about a lookout at such a desolate 14 Of course you must understand that I was a greenhorn at diving. Nono of us were divers. We'd had to muck about with the thing to get the way of it, and this was the first time I'd been at all deep. It feds damnable. Your ears hurt beastly. I don't know if you've ever hurt yourself yawning, or sneezing, but' it takes you like that, only ten times worse. And a pain over- the eye brows here splitting. And a feelmg like influenza in the head. And it isn t all heaven | in your lung* and things. Going down feels like the beginning of a lift, only At keeps on. And you^can't turn your head up to see whut's above you, and you contt get a fair squint at what's happening to your feet, without bending down something painful. And being deep, it was dark, let alone the blackness of the ashes and mud that formed the bottom. It was like goiug down out of the dawn back into the night that had just passed. " The mast came up like a ghost out of the black, and then a lot of fishes, and then a lot of flapping red seaweed, and then I came with a kind of dull bang on tho dock of the Ocean Pioneer, and the fishes that had been feeding on the dead rose about me, like a swarm of flies from road stuff in summer time. I turned on the compressed air again —for the suit was a bit thick and maokin to&hy; after all, in spite of the rum—and stood recovering myself. It struck coolish down there, and that helped take off the stuffiness a bit. "When I began to feel easier, I started looking about me. It was an extraordinary sight. Even the light was extraordinary—a kind of reddy-coloured twilight, on account of the streamers of seaweed that floated up on cither side of the ship. And far overhead just a moony deep green bine. The deck of the ship, except for a slight list to starboard, was level, and lay all dark and long between the week, clear except whero the masts had snapped when she rolled, and vanishing into night towards the forecastle. There wasn't any dead on the decks, most were in the weeds alongside, I suppose ; but afterwards I found two skeletons lying in the passenger's cabins, where death had come to them. " It was curious to stand on that deck and recognise it all, bit by bit; a place against the rail where I'd been fond of smoking by star light, and tho corner whero an old chap from Sydney used to flirt- with a widow wo had aboard. A comfortable couple they'd been, only a mouth ago, and now you couldn't have got a meal for a kitten off either of them. " I've always bod a bit of a philosophical turn, and I daresay I spent tho best part of five minntes in such thoughts before I went below to find where the blessed dust was stored. It was slow work hunting—feeling it was for the most part, pitchy dark, with con fusing bluo gleams down tho companion. And there were things moving about; a dab at my glass once, ana once a pinch at my leg. Crabs! I kicked a lot of loose stuff that puzzled rac, and stooped and picked up some thing all kuobs and spikes. What do you think?—backbone! But.I had never had any particular feeling* for bones. Wo had talked tho affair over pretty thoroughly,'and always knew just where the stuff war. stowed. I found it that trip. I lifted a box on end." Ho broke off innis story. 44 I've lifted it," he said. 44 As near as that! Forty thousand pounds worth of pure unsullied gold! I shouted inside my helmet as n kind c>f cheer, and hurt ray cars. I was getting con foundedly stuffy and tired by this time—I must have been down twenty-fivo minutes or rooro—and I thought this wus good enough. 141 wont up the companion again, and as my eyes came up.'flush with the deck a thundering great crab gave a kind of hysteri cal jump and went scuttling off sideways. Quito a start it gave me. I stood up clear on j deck and skat the valve behind the helmet to let the air accumulate in the suit and carry mo up again. That's how it's done, yon know. I noticed a kind of whacking from above, as though they were hitting the water with an oar, bat I didn't look up. I fancied they were signalling me to come np. 44 And then something showed down by me, something heavy, and stood a-quiver in the planks. I looked, and there was a long knife I'd seen young Sanders handling. Thinks I, he's dropped it, and I was still coll* ing him this kind of fool and that, for it might have hnrt me serious, when I began to lift and drive np towards the daylight. "Jnst about the level of tho top spars of the Ocean Pioneer, whack! I came against something sinking downj and a boot knocked in front of ray helmet. Then something else —struggling frightful. It was a big weight atop of me, whatever it was, and moving and twisting about. I'd have thought 'it a great big octopus or eomo such thing if it hadn't been for the boot. But octopuses don't wear boots. It was all in a moment, of course. I felt myself sinking down again, and I threw my arms about to keep steady, and the whole lot rolled free of me and shot down as I went up " He paused. " I saw young Sanders's face, over a naked black shoulder, and a spear driven dean through his neck, and ont of his mouth and neck what looked like spurts of pink smoke in the water. And down they went, dutcbing one another, turning over, and t»th too far gone to leave go, and In. auothor second my. helmet came a whack, fit to split, against the niggers' canoes. It was nitrgers! Two boats full! " It was lively times, I tdl yon! ^ Over board came Always with three spears tn him. Thero was the legs of three or four black chaps kicking about mo iu the water. I couldn't see much, but I saw the game was up at a glance, gave my valve a twist, and went bubbling down again after poor Always, in as awful a state of scare and astonishment as you can well imagine. I passed yonng, Sanders and the nigger going up again, and in another moment I was standing In the dim again on tho deck of the Ocean Pioneer. " Gummy, thinks I, here's a fix! Niggers! At first I couldn't sec anything for it bat stifle below or stabs above. I dian't properly understand how much air . there was to last me out, but I didn't feel like standing very much more of it down below. I was hot and frightfully heady, quite apart from the bine funk I was in. "We'd never reckoned with these beastly natives, who as you know are pretty well like ttio Papuan devils. no doubt they'd been stalking the brig at the very time we'd been setting about diving. "It wasn't any good coming np where I was. but I had to do something. On the epnr of the moment, I jumped over the side of the brig and lunded among the weeds, and set off through the darkness, as fast as I could. I just stopped once and knelt and twisted hack my head in the helmet and had a look up. It was a most extraordinary bright green-blue above, and the two canocs and the boat were floating there very small and distant like a kind of twisted H. And it made me feel sick to squint up at it, and think what the i pitching and swaying of the three meant, i 41 It whs just "about the moat horrible ten | minutes I ever bad, blundering about in that | darkness, pressure three atmospheres, sick with funk, and breathing nothing, as it seemed, but the smell of rum and mackintosh. Gummy! "After a bit I found myself going up a steepieh sort of dope. I had another squint to sco if anything was visible of the canoes and boats and then kept on. I stopped with my head a foot from the surface, and tried to see where I was going, hut of course nothing was to bo seen but the reflection of the bottom. Then out I dashed. Directly I got my eyes out of the water, I saw I'd como up a kind of beach near the forest. I had a look round, bnt the natives and the brig were both hidden by a big humraocky kind of heap of rubbly and twisted lava. The constitutional fool m me suggested a ran for the woods. I didn't take the helmet off, but I cased open one of the windows and went on out of tbo water. You'd hardly imagine how clean and light the air tasted. "Of course, with four inches of lead in your boot soled and your' head in a copper knob the size of a football, and after thirty five minutes under water, you don't break any records running. I ran like a ploughboy going to work. And half-way to the trees I saw a dozen niggers or more, coming out in a gaping, astonished sort of way to meet mc. 441 just stopped dead and cursed myself for all the fools out of London. I had about as much chance of cutting back as n turtle. I just screwed up my window again to leave my bands free, and waited for them. There wasn't anything else for mo to do. 44 But they didn't come on very.mnch. I began to realise why. 4 Jimmy Goggles,' I says, 4 it's your beautv does it.' I was in clined to he a little light-headed, I think, with all these dangers about and the change in the pressure of the air. 4 Who're ye staring at?' I said, as if the savages could hear me. 4 "What d'ye take me for? I'm hanged if I don't givo you something to stare at,' I said; and with that I screwed up the escape valve and turned on the compressed air, until I was swelled out like a blowing frog. 44 Regular imposing it must have been. I'm blessed if they'd come on a step; and presently one and then another went down on their hands and knees. They didn't know what to make of mc, and they were doing the extra polite. I had half a mind to edge back seaward and-cut and run, but it seemed alto gether too hopeless. A step back and they'd havo been after mo. And out of sheer despe ration I began to inarch towards them up the be&ob;, with slow heavy steps, aud waving, my blown-out arms about in a dignified manner.* And inside of .mc I was singing as small as a torn-tit. "Bat there's nothing like a striking appearance to help a man over a difficulty, as I'vo found before and since. People like our selves, who're up to diving dresses fay the time we're seven, can scarcely imagine the effect of one on a simple-minded savage. One or two of these niggers cat and ran, the others started in a great hurry to knock their brains ont on the ground. And on I went as slow and solemn and silly looking nnd artful as a jobbing 'plumber. It was evident they took me for something immense. 44 Then np jumped one and began pointing, making extraordinary gestures to mo as he did so, and all tlic others began sharing their attention between me and something oat at sea.' 'What's the matter now?' I said. I turned slowly, on account of my dignity, and there I saw, coming ronnd a point, the poor old Pride of Banya, towed by a couple of canoes. The right fairly made me sick. But they evidently expected some recognition, so I waved my arms in a striking sort of non committal manner. And then! turned and stalked on towards the trees again. At that time I was praying like mad. I remember, over and over again, ' Lord, help me through with It.' It's only fools who know "nothing of dangers can afford to laugh at praying. " But these niggers weren't going to let mo walk through and away like that. They started a kind of bowing and invoking dance about me, and sort of pressed me to take a pathway that lay through the trees. It was clear to me they didn't take me for a British citizen, whatever else they thought of roe, and for my part I was never less anxious to own up to my nationality. " You'd hardly believe it, perhaps, unless you're familiar with savages, but these poor misguided ignorant creatures took me straight to their kini of joss place, to present me to the blessed old black stone there. " By this time I was beginning to sort of realise the depths of their ignorance, and directly I set eyes on this deify I took my cue. I started a baritone howl * Wow-wow,' veiy long on ono note—and began waving my arms about a lot, and then very slowly and ceremoniously turned their image over on its side and sat down on it. I wanted to sit down badly, for diving dresses ain't much as wear in the tropics, or to put it more pre cisely, they're a sight too much. It took away their breath, I could see, my sitting in their joss, but in less than-a minute they made up their minds and were hard at work worshipping me. And I can tell you I felt a bit relieved to see things turning out so well, in spite of the weight on my shoulders and feet. 'But what made me anxious was what the i chaps in the canoes might think when they came hack. If they'd seen me in the boat before I went down and without the helmet on —for they might have been spying and biding since overnight—they would possibly take a different view from the others. I was in a deuce of a stew about that for hours, as it seemed, until the shindy of the arrival began. " But they took it down, the whole blessed village took it down. At the cost of sitting up, stiff and stern, as much like those sitting Egyptian figures one sees as I could manage, for pretty nearly twelve hours, I should guess, at least, on end, I saved my life and secured the situation. I don't think any of them dreamt of the man inside. I was just a wonderful leathery great joss that had come up with luck out of the water. But the fatigue! the heat! the beastly closeness! the mackintoshes and the rum! tho perpetual anxiety and the fuss 1 " They lit a stinking fire on a kind of lava slab there was before me, and brought in a lot of gory muck—the worst parts of what they were feasting on ontaide, the beasts!— and burnt it all in my honour. I was getting a bit hungry, but I understand now how gods manage to do without eating, with the smell of burnt offerings about them. And they brought in a lot of the stuff they'd got off the brig, and what I was a bit relieved to see, tbe kind of pneumatio pump that was used for the compressed air affair, and then a lot of chaps ana girls came in and danced ! about me something disgraceful. I "It's extraordinary tbe different ways different people have of showing respect. If; I'd had a hatchet handy I'd have gone for the lot of them, they made me fed so wild with them. All this time I sat as stiff as company, not knowing anything better to do. And at last when nightfall came, and the wattle joss-house place got a bit too shadowy ; for their taste—all these here savages are afraid of the dark, you know—they built big bonfires outside and left me alone in peace in | the darkness of my hat, free to unscrow my ! windows a bit ana think things over,* and feel just as had as I liked. "I was weak and hungry, and my mind kept on behaving like a beetle on a pin tremendous activity and nothing done at the ' end of it, come round just where it was be-; fore. There was the treasure down there in the Ocean Pioneer, and how one might get it and hide it somewhere safe and get away and conic baok for it. And there was the puzzle where to get anything to eat. I tell you I was fair rambling. I was afraid to ask by signs for food, for fear of seeming too human; so there I sat and hungered until very near the dawn. "Then the village got a bit quiet and I went out and stole seme stuff like artichokes iu a bowl and some sour milk. What was left of these I put away among the other offerings, just to give them a hint of my tastes. And in the morning they came to worship, and found mo sitting up stiff and respectable on their previous g»>a, just as they'd left me overnight. I'd got my back against the central pillar of the hut, and, practically, I was asleep. And that's how I became a god among the heathens—a false god, no doubt, and blasphemous, hut one can't always pick and choose. **Nowf I don't want to crack myself up as a god beyond my merits, but I must confess that while I was god to these people they were really extraordinarily successful. I don't say there's anything in it, mind you. They .won a battle with another tribe—I got a lot of offering* I didn't want through it— they had wonderful fishing, and the crop of ponrra was exceptionally fine. And they also counted the capture of the brig among my benevolent proceeding*. I must say T don't think that was a poor record for a per fectly new hand. And, though perhaps you'd scarcely credit it, I was the tribal god of those beastly savages for pretty nearly four months. ""What else could I do, man ? But I didn't wear that diving dress all the time. I made 'em rig me up a sort of holy of holies; and a deuce of a time I had too, making them understand what it was I wanted them to do. That indeed was the great difficulty—making them understand ray command#. I couldn't let myself down fay talking their lingo badly, even if I'd been able to speak at all, and I couldn't go flapping a lot of gestures at them. So I drew pictures in sand and tat down beside them and hooted like one-o'clock. Sometimes they did the thing* I wanted all rrzht, and sometime* they did them all wrong. They were always very willing. " AU the while I was puzzling how I was to get the confounded business settled. Every night before the dawn, I used to march out in full rig and go off to a place where I could see the channel in which the Ocean Pioneer lay sunk, and once even, one moonlight night, I tried to walk out to her, bnt thi weeds, and rocks, and dark clean beat me. I didn't get back till full day, and then I found all those silly nigger* out on the beach pray ing their sea goa to return to them. I w«9 that vexed and tired, messing and tumbling about, and coming np and going down again, I could have punched their silly heads all round. I'm hanged if I like ac much ceremonv. 41 And then came the missionary. It was in the afternoon, and I was sitting in state in my outer temple place, sitting on that old black stone of their*, when he came. I heard a row outside and •jabbering, and then his voice speaking to an interpreter. 'They worship stocks and stones,' he arid, and I knew what was up iu a flash. 441 had one of my windows out for comfort, and I sang out straight away on the spur of the mornenti 4 Stocks and stones ! * I says. 4 You come inside,' I says, 4 and I'll punch your blooming head.' 44 There was a kind of silence, and mora jabbering, and in he came, Bible in hand, after the manner of them, a little sandy chap in specs, and a pith helmet. I flatter myself that me sitting there in the shadows, with my copperhead andmy big gozgle«, struck him a bit of a heap at first. 4 Well,' I says, 4 how's the trade in calico? * For I don't hold with missionaries. X had a lark with that missionary. He was a raw hand, and quite outclassed with a man like me. He gasped out who I was, and I told him to read the inscription at my feet if he wanted to know. Down he goes to read it, and his interpreter, being of course ss superstitious as any of them, took it as an act of worship and plumped like a shot. AH my people gave a kind of howl of triumph, and there wasn't any more business to be done m my village after that journey, not by the likes of him. But of course I was a fool to choke him off like that. If I'd had any sense I should have told him straightaway of the treasure, and taken him into company. A child could hare seen the connection between my diving* dress and the loss of the Ocean Pioneer. A week after he left I went out one morning, and saw the Motherhood, the salvers' ship from Starr Race, towing up channel and sounding. The whole blessed game was up, and all my trouble thrown away. Gummy! How wift I felt! And guying it in that stinking sHly dress!" The sunburnt man's story degenerated again. 4'Think of it!" he said; 44forty thousand pounds* worth of gold!" 44 Oh, yes, bless him! And he pledged his reputation there was a man inside the god, and started out to see as much with immense ceremony. 44 But there wasn't—he got sold agaio. I always did hate scenes and explanation*, and long before he come I was out of it all— going home to B&uya; along the coast. No clothes, no money, nothing. And just a squeak of eight thousand pounds of gold. But the natives cut up rusty, thank goodness, because they thought it was him had driven their luck away," 