ABOUT THE BUSH. (By J.H.M.A.). ""Lot a follow write o' lliu lllllfl things lie rarer, about." VII. AT IIOWLAF TANK. Howlah tank looked like '.flio lnsido o motlier- o'-pcarl when you hold It up >o the firelight. Snvo Whero the shadows oE tlio ="- -okon posts and rails lay upon tho clay-stained water. It was all a glowing, shining red, rcflecUug an uncanny faded glare upon tho earthen bank- and the gaunt whito trunks ot tho three dead trees that rose up rrom tho hoof-marked mud at Its sides. Tho red glare lit up tho whiteness o£ tho fusty plain beyond It, through which tho great Logan lllvor nlrotched itself, a dry . gutter— a miser.-iblo ditch — across Which a girl might ride a bicycle without discom fort. Tho sunset caught tho fantastic tops of the long dead myalls across tho open ground, and lightened tho round dome of an occasional dapper vilga tree, changing Us sombre colors from a deep black greeu to something that was of a lighter bronze, changed m tho faint sunrays as tho color of drapery changes at tho edge ot tlio Umollght. Tho lean sheep, weak ami. hollow-sided, wcro stringing towards tho scrub along tho scores of beaten tracks that radiated from the water— east, north, west, south. A flight of white cockatoos screamed away iitloilie sunvet behind as we camo up the hank and down to the water, and seven solemn brolgas resentfully unfolded their long wings and Ilappcd themselves town rds the night creeping up upon tho opposite side. The pack- horse drank till the big surcUglo creaked and com plained against his swelling girth, and then stood with half-raised head, sorrowfully surveying tho desolate region whero ho must needs eventually seek his supper. The suddle- horso soaked tho muddy Uu id in as a gllghi-l.olo soaks In tho rain when tho drought, breaks up, and then dribbled from tho Hps as ho champel his hit despondently With his noso a few Inches nbovo tho surface. Then lio discovered that ho was hogged above tlio fetlocks, and violently and effectively struggled to ho free. After you have rludcu all day long in the dry, dazzling mmllglit, accompanied by tho little cloud of dust that just keeps pace with your horse and Is a trademark of tho plalus in sum mer, you feel at nightfall that tlicro Is nothing further to llvo for. When tho horses are, hobbled ami helled and go shullting away to Whore somo scanty remnant of wiry grass, too tou-ii for uheop, shows white ,in tho twilight, It seems a futile thing to think of further effort. It is so easy to stretch yoursolf out, with your head upou tho pack-saddle, and to lto content with tho moro chango of position that your cramped limbs and hack havo longed for since noon, that tho. exertion of gathering sticks where with to boil tho quart. Is a labor of futility and foolishness. £omo great general— Booth or Na poleon, otto cannot remember which at tho ond of tho day — was onco pleased to remark, that 'twn-nVloek-ln- tho-moroing" courago was, of all kinds of courago, tho very best. That may havo been truo as applied to warfare; but, on tho roads, tho timo whon you feel less disposed towards tho mainteuanco of your pecker (that curious, indeflnablo part of our souls which makes us grin whon wo aro hard up, or weary) Is about 7 p.m., and consequently the courage that tides you over that critical period is of a very high order indoed. "Two-o'clock-in-tlio- mornlng" courago Indeed — it is not a patch upon tho courago that keeps you from hanging your self with your brldlo reins at "savcn-o'cloclc-ln- thc-ovening." When tlio fire is alight, however, and the dirty Iwatcr spluttering cheerfully in tho midst thoreot as tho microbos give up tho ghost: along , the sides ot tho Jack Sbao the burden' of existence becomes Ices burdensomo, and the sight of the "tucker" 011. the corner of tho blanket' stirs your being into fresh hope3 arid cheerfulness so that you only remember .the hot twelve hours of slow riding as a littlo bygone unpleasantness. And when you havo assimilated tho tucker, and drunk tho tea and hydatids, and aro watching tho curling groy smolco from your pipe thinning out against the clear stars— why, then, existence is soraothing to be thankful for. Tho smolco curled lazily this still night-x-wreath- .... lng ,an(t twisting up Into the ilrellt.branphes' of tlio iittio yellow box below which nfy bed was' laid. Down to tho south, ..whero that well-ad- Vortised humbug, tlio Southern Cross, should have Illckorcd hi all its commonplace dimness, a great bank of clouds was stealing up tho sky. A rosy glow ot 'lightning Hashed now and then across its black belly, and, minutes after, the low boom of far- off thunder rumbled from somewhere behind it. It was a calm, close night. No air was' stir ring among ' tho branches. Tlio smolco from the dying firo twisted up in n thin, blue spiral to the darkness. Plover screeched below tlio tank. Tho horse-boll tinkled up tlio river Intermittently— so far up and faintly that it was necessary to go and head tho neddics back to camp again. Returning, thoro was a -surprise. Tho flro, that had been "on Its last legs," was blazing, and crackling up almost into tho follago of tho tree, and tho figure of a littlo bent man was silhouetted ugaiust Uto dancing light. Closer— aud It was a littlo old man with a ruddy faao and silvery beard, who attended to tho boiling of a great billy, that stood upon tho outskirts of tho mighty conflagra tion ho lutd kindled. Ills liugo'swag, tied up .with twisted rags, lay on top ot my belongings. Ills !.. 1... si 1 i»n11 flltail Inv IiaqIiIa 4 I uuso (Jim, iiiiimiciiny nun uvs»uu Ilo was lining a Uuuckly list with tea from my supply, and when I disclosed my presonco ho wel comed 1110 effusively, and with n cordiality that was moro than genuine. "Good morrow to tlioo, friend. Prithee, stay, and rest thy weary limbs lit my poor camp. Tho day lowers darkly yonder, oven though it bo but yet tut early hour, and mothluks, ere ulglitfall, the lain will bo upon us. Nay, do not wander on. Itly poor faro la thine to uso as thou wilt, and, to -speak truly, 1 am moro than glad of thy prosenco hero this day. Lio down and rest, tlio whiles I brew some stimulating tea. Boris— thou thrice- damned son of Satan — mind thy labors, and let not thitto ovlno charges wander far alleld." This was paralysing! Had this curiosity dropped from tho tree'.' Didn't it know, by all the law of tho road, that under this truo was, for the night, my territory? Ho explained. "I am a merchant, friend, aud havo vontured much in yonder lloclc of sheop, which, with my faithful hound, Boris, 1 lead unto tho Gulf. Theuco shall they Ituko ship to London, whero tho market for such Block, 1 havo been 'told, la passing good. When that I shall havo sold thorn for a scoro of gold pieces each, 1 shull bo rich— rich— rich." Holla came Into tbo ilrolglit— a wall-eyed, shaggy mongrel, but very l'ut. instantly my host throw my sugar-bag at him, followed up by my empty quart, and halt a plug of tobacco, that lay near it. Boris retired. "Ulood-an'-ouu'sl— thou scurvy vurlet, loavo not thy elmrgo — dttro not, to shirk tho work that I and God havo given thee. Outsido!— yo scum- outside!"— aud ho motioned with his arm, as though directing a dog to turn a mob of sheep. 1 stared— and stured into tho darkness, listen ing vainly for tho 1'iilut paltering rush of running sheop. But thero was nothing to hear, exeopt tho orlckols and the bull-frogs lu tlio track, and i L urncd again, to see tills pro-historic drover helping lihiisclr to my . u-nllcs as though ho owned them all. Ho tis---U.il 1110 in his lordly fashion to pur take of my own bread and mutton, lie was evidently saving Ills for a rainy day. 1 never spoke from llrst to last. 1 was too astonished to speak, aiul ho guve nio littlo cluinco of doing so. Thero was 110 word of why hu used my food, and threw my tobacco at Ills dog, bill Ills maimer was grucious to tho ex treme of griicluusiioss. Having linlslied bis meal, ho solemnly rose to Ills loot, put tlio lid upon tho hilly, stuck, a tin of my jam In his pocket, shouldered lilu propusloroUH swag, and staggered feebly 011 to tho track. All tlio timo ho dis coursed calmly upon the advantage of soiling l'at sheep In London, ot many towns anil stations lying to tho north, and always in a quaintly "lilgli-l'aiiilin' " manner of speaking that savored ot tho medieval baron as represented in tlio his torical literature ot tlio yellow covers which imiull boys purchase for a penny aL railway book stalls. I eouhl bear him on tlio road, beyond tlio tank, grandiloquently exhorting Boris lo further ef forts. Ilo bad explalnud tlmL lm hud a long stago lo malm, that tbo day was hot, and that ho should not ho sorry "when tlio NlgliL God should wrap Ills soft mantlo round tlio earth, our mother, and leuvo the world to darkness and lo li 1 tii." Tim piping voleo grew fnintor as ho passed away Into tho scrub and darkness, and soon thero wero a fuw tu.luul.es slleueo. Then tho 1 faint quaver of an old song camo floating hack to mo, gradually dying out In tho sllcnco of tho night us Its axtraordlnary, singer drow further off. It was an eorlo littlo episode— U10 mad old man, with his imaginary sheep, going for over to tho Gulf — camping possibly by tho llro all through tho glaring summer days, and working himself and Ills fat dng all through tho nights. Ilo probably fnnclod that I10 had breakfasted at my camp. What had ho been — liow would I10 end? Dead on tlio roadside, probably. In tho tracks of his ghostly mob. 