HIS, FRIEND'S A ComspSete Sfisort Story* ' HERE 'were three of i ? them llv Ing together Kgj in the shanty. M . Ifc did not be long to any of ?them, but they fitayed there be cause the owner had gone to England, and they agreed to gether 3t would be a pity to let the place spoil for neglect. A smell of cooking pervaded the house, be cause Leicester ?was frying bacon and beans over the s-tove, and every now and then he stopped to abuse Craw ford, wJio had given up his duty of whipping a basin of milk into butter, and ?was pulling cactus needles out ol his legs, and grumbling horribly because they hurt him whenever lie sat or moved. In the next roam Halleit, who had pro mised to clear away the breakfast, was playing hymn tunes on the piano. He had been told to leave off, end several things bad been sent through the door to refresh !his memory, but he went on complacently, knowing it would save trouble to use the breakfast plates over again for dinner. The tinkle of t'he piano grew louder, and. the tall man who was working at the stove took advantage of the noise to ease his mind of a matter which was assuming the - proportions of -a trouble. 'There is something the matter with Hallett,' he said. 'Something which is changing !him for the -worse.' 'If sunstrokes . 'had ever been heard o* in California,' said Crawford, 'I should put : it down to that. There's a queer look in ?Ills eyes sometimes, and he's so tarnation ? restless. Listen to him now !.' The hymn tunes had been abandoned, and there eame through the half-open door snatches of melodies and stray chords, an incoherent medley of notes. 'He's a queer fellow,' observed Leiees- . ter. 'I swear I understand him less now than I did when he first came out, and ? grumbled because toe had expected to find this better than the old country, and was ?wrong.' ? Crawford laughed softly 'to himself. He tad grown tired of hunting for cactus, and ?went over to 'the door, and. stood -there looking out 'through the shady sycamores ?to where the sun was flaring down on the ' mountains -with the full -heat of a Califor nian day. Just outside, a horse hitched to a post stood with its head drooping. And beyond, where a. scrap of hillside was terraced into a vineyard, a .barefooted boy -lay stretched at full length, a part of the general inert- : ness. The sight of the child seemed to suggest a new train of thoughts to Craw ford. - 'There's Leslie,' tie said, without turn ing his head. 'What on earth is he doing over here ?' 'Dropped from the skies with a note for Hallett. Walked the whole way, he says.' Crawford drew a long breath. 'A note ! That's something new, isn't it ?' he remarked, and the lines between this eyes deepened a little. 'Never heard of it out here before,' said Leicester, truthfully. 'It was a woman's handwriting, too.' 'In that case,' remarked Crawford, shar ing hard a't the horse, 'Monica sent it. I tell you what it is,' he went on, slowly, 'there's mischief brewing. Hallebt'a the dandiest fool with a pretty woman, and Mrs. Merle ? ' '?Is the most charming creature on God's earth,' said Leicester, reverently, '-but -also a fool if that kind of thing's a*foot. Let me see. They have been ouit liere three weeks, possibly four. No, Jim, you're hurrying things too much. Besides, they can't have been married long. I'll take my oath Merle is not more than twenty tii-ree, and she— well, twenty-five's the limit.' 'At all events, there is no love lost be tween them,' remarked the sunburnt phi- , losopher at the door. 'I lost five dollars to Benson -last week betting they were brother and sister. But there happened to toe three letters for Mrs. Merle at the 3tore, and I had to pay up.' 'It was a certainty for Benson,' said the , cook. 'You see, .she wears a wedding ring; , ?that usually decides these points, you know.' 1 The piano in the next room had stopped ] ?suddenly, and a clean-shaven man In riding , boots and a store shirt came in'to the kit- ? chen. He brought with him an indefinable ] air of refinement. 1 'I'm going to ride over to the Valley this afternoon if the cultivating can wait,' i he said. ? | [ He went over to where Crawford - was standing and began mopping his forehead. The horse's head had sunk lower, than ever; 'the small boy had disappeared as .if the sun 'had finally melted him . away. ? 'I believe,' said Crawford, purposely avoiding the other's face, 'that the fains ?are going to begin to-night.' There was not a cloud anywhere in the blueness of the sky, but there was a feel ing in !the air as if something, was going to happen. Hallett filled himself a plate of bacon from the 'frying-pan, and ate it standing. 'By the blessing of God, it will rain,' he; observed; 'and for that reason I shall start at once.' Leicester looked at him sideways. 'If you are going to the Merle's,' he said, tentatively,, 'you might bring back some geranium cuttings.' The slightest . possible flush showed through- the brownness of the. other's skin, but his blue eyes remained Inscrutable. Leicester fancied he saw the vestige of a smile hover round the corner of his lips. 'I will not forget,' he said, and with ?'that went out and began strapping his coat to the pommel of the saddle. Craw ford said afterwards that his hands were shaking like a girl's. The horse set out at a gentle lope like an animal which understands t/horoughly he 'has a long journey before him in the ?heait. Hallett, sitting back in his saddle, ?began hiimming a melody to 'himself. Pre sently,' as the mountain trail grew steeper, 'the words died from his lips, ahd his straight brows grew together in thought. There was a look on Leicester's face as he had seen it last which 'he could not forget and it- annoyed him. 'It's my own business entirely,' he said to -himself. There Was -no pricking of con science, only a feeling of irrlta'tion that his motives should have been probed. Such a wild and unreasoning love as this whicii ?had taken hold of him belonged to a re gion' where conscience had never entered. The top of the hill had been reached suddenly, and the mustang stopped short to recover his wind. For miles Hallett could trace the road winding wearily over the bare mount'aiii strewn with rough boulders and showing in places a tiny patch of cac tus. Below he could trace the grey-green line of . the willows and eucalyptus That ran . beside -the dried up course of the river. Here . a.nd there a few white houses lay scattered among I the distant ranches with squares of orange trees beside them and interminable lines'-of leafless apple trees. And among ?them one house whiter, and cleaner than the rest, with a waving avenue of pampas grass 'beginning at the road and ending where the miniature garden began, making a picture the background to ano-ther pic ture that, sleeping or '-waking, never left his mind. H'allett dismounted leisurely and lighted a cigarette without taking his eye from the scene. He was drawing long breaths, arid his eyes shone strangely. By some mysterious chance a live . oak had grown in that treeless region, and, as if tired of' its struggle with the arid soil, had fallen not far from the trail, its great core- eaten out by time. ? The mustang, freed of its rider, had strolled towards it and. was nibbling at the bark. Hallett, remembering it of old, made use. of it as a Seat; his eyes still' on the little white ?house. ? Up the trail from the valley a man on horseback was approaching. A tall, slim figure, .who sat his horse well, but with a forward seat that, betokened' one unused to the country. Until he was quite close, Hal lett did' not' throw him so' much as a glance, but suddenly his face hardened. 'IJello !' the new-comer shouted out cheerily. 'Hello, Merle,' he answered; 'I was coming over to see you,' the other said, 'I wanted to use your files.' He had a ?saw in his hand, and he waved it over his head as he 6'poke. '.'You will find, t'he boys at the house,' Hallett said, getting up and swinging into his saddle. A feeling was .coming over him that if he stopped there another mo ment something would 'happen which he might afterwards regret. Merle t&anked; him, wondering at the savage look 'which lurked in those usually placid eyes. 'Look in at the ranch as you pass,' he said, with an odd wave of the. hand; 'Monica will give you tea.'--. ' ' In his voice there was an undercurrent which Hallett noticed, but noticed stupidly. Just for a moment' they faced each obher, and then Hjallett's eyes dropped, and he swung his horse's bead round a little sharply. ' Till we meet again,' t'he boy called out. He got no answer, and he laugiheid oddly as he, too, swung round and disappeared in the opposite direction in a cloud of yellow clust. There were many ranches in the valley, but not one -that had flowdrs in the garden like the -Merle's; not another Within a hun :lred miles with that. level stretch of turf between tbe -beds. It was an exquisite luxury, and Hailett's sun-dried eyes revel led in it as ho -hitched his :horse beside the windmill, and pushed through the little ;ross-t'ar gate. The verandah was deserted md h-? walked inside the house like a visi- ) tor. who Is eure .'of /his welcome. A girlish figure xose to meet 'him as he entered, holding out a slim hand, which he engulfed in his brown palm. 'I am glad , you have come,' she said. Hallett tried' to say something, but could not. Something seemed to rise in his throat and choke him. He looked -into her eyes, and then round the room,' and back again to her eyes con tentedly. 'Well ?' she said, smiling. He smiled too, a little uncertainly. 'I feel different when I come in here — ? that's all,', he said. Hallett had seated himself by the win dow, -through which the perfume of a hun dred flowers came crowding. 'I did not need your note to bring me,' he said, with lazy reproach. 'No ?' very dubiously. And then: 'I want you to help me,' she said. 'From the most selfish of motives, that of giving pleasure to myself,' he replied. 'You know there is nothing in the world I would not do for you.' 'It's about Jim,' she said. Hallett had not expected this. What was there about her husband she could find to say to him ? He shifted a little bit un easily. ' It's about Jim,' she repeated, and he detected a trace of nervousness in her voice, a little tremor which made his heart beat faster. 'I don't think he is happy here. Everything I do jars upon him. Yet I try to please him. I ? ' She broke off with a little pathetic gesture. Her big eyes were filled with tears. ? Hallett felt himself trembling. 'And you -blame yourself?' he said, slowly, like a man who understands with difficulty. He drew his hand across his forehead, and pulled it back covered with moisture. 'Of course, I do,' she said vehemently. . 'Sometimes I hate myself. You have been good to me,' she went on, with a curious hastening of her voice. 'I want you to be his friend. Promise- me that. Promise me j you will try to cheer his life.' Hallett nodded dully. j Outside a. few big drops .of rain were - beginning to fall. The sky had clouded ; over. The windmill Was whirring round, ? creaking at every 'turn ' with a dismal, life like cry. He took his hat, and got up . slowly. 'I must be going,' he said at last. Then - he sat down again suddenly. 'Tell me,' ; he said, 'do you think it is possible for a ; ?woma.ii to love twice ?' He tried to catch her eyes, and failed. She was pouring him out a cup of tea, and she bent-her head so that he could see nothing but the hat. 'It might be possible,' she said at last. 'I don't know.' Her voice was very low, ?go 'low that he hardly caught 'the words. When she looked iip . he noticed a little flush which had crept into either cheek. He got up and took the tea from her hand, but made no' attempt to drink it. 'If ? ' he began, and stopped. The patter of the rain and the humming of the windmill sounded more loudly than ever through the window. 'Well?' She looked straight into his face and laughed. ' He- put his cup down and walked up to her deliberately. All -his hesitation had vanished. 'You know what I mean,' he said. His heart beat faster and faster. ' She turned !her head ever so slightly away. . Then he bent forward and seized her -hand, and put one arm round her, and forced her face up to his. The next moment his -lips were burning upon hers.' 'Monica,' he cried. She whispered something -that he did not hear. . Only she raised her lips again to him, and he drew her closer. The rain was falling in sheets when Hal lett, with trembling lingers, unhitched his horse and started homewards. It fell per fectly straight, cutting the face like hall. The saddle was reeking, and the mustang's flanks and legs quivered. . Hailett's eyes were half shut. The horse left to itself lashed furiously over the familiar trail. At the top of the ascent Hallett stopped, where he had stopped before, and dismoun ted. Behind the fallen trunk of the tree was a pile of. granite rocks, and behind this' he fastened his horse and went back and sat down on the tree. The rain, which had been nine months in the coming soemed to have accumulated nine months of strength lor this initial downpour, and Hallett was soon soaked through to the skim He got up presently and looked round for some more sheltered spot. There w^s none. Somewhere behind the rocks his horse was whinnying. He came back to the tree and seated himself again. It was a prodigious trunk, large enough to hold a bigger man than himself inside. The idea occurred to him, and he lay on the ground, and pushed his way slowly back wards into the trunk. It was as good a. place as any to wait until Merle should come by, until .... 'I will give the boy another hour,' he thought. Everything was quite clear in his mind by now. His determination sur prised even himself. It was only when he thought of Leicester and Crawford that he felt uncomfortable. He began to wonder whether they would wash up for dinner, and laughed. At i-ast he. 'heard the faint, thud of a horse's feet'.bn the^.sand, and pushed his right hand, in which ihe already grasped his revolver, a little forward. . His. position was beginning to grow painful, but it was too late to change.' The. sound of the hoofs grew nearer, but he remained quite quiet, holding his breath. He could hear Merle's voice urging on his mare, and -then her white nose came across his vision, and, cramped up as he was, he fired. Once, twice ! ? There was a shrill cry; and horse and rider' came floundering to the ground: Everything with Hallett was perfectly distinct; brain and hand worked methodi cally' as if it had all been rehearsed a hun dred times before. The. two forms lay huddled together a few paces from him on the reeking soil. He tried to move forward 'and failed. He tried a second time, and once more failed. A cold sweat broke out all over him. The tree seemed to be holding him In its grasp. A moment's thought might have told him whait had occurred, but he was in no state for the consideration of natural phenomena. The thirsty wood had swollen with the rain, and the opening which had been large enough to admit his entrance was now too small to allow his exit. Years before, in days that' he barely re . i. ; uc ? ? membered, Hallett had see'i a (Norman pea sant slowly swallowed up in' trie sands of Mont St. Michael. The .-scen'^ --ame back to him now as if it had [been xinly yester day. He felt in vain for son®* knot, some croon against which to get a kfre rage with his feet, and the hopelessness}/ of it all re minded him of that te'rrlbleV»struggle he n'ad witnessed. ' I - J. ? With his right arm/ whicbf he had kept thrust in front of hiri, he tned to gain a hold on the yielding, s, oil. l^r re was, how ever, nothing to be gained S^uy this. His great shoulders were held iii a vice which remorselessly defied his struggles. At last he lay still, panting and e shausted. After all he told himself there was nothing hopeless in his position. Within an hour or so the mailman jr-vould pass that way with, his team, and K-abuId easily find some way to release him. i And then, having reached this stage in his reflections, there suddenly swept across his mind, like a wave fliags: in the face of a drowning man, -the tiniiiij.ht that he did not wish to be found; that he could not he found in that position..' His eye fell on the black figure of Merle^and of the grim outline of the white ma r-sj and a thin pant ing cry came from his lip|. From a tiny knot-hole - iT. the wood above his head the rain drops h{id begun to work their way through. HeJ could feel them falling gen tly, regularly,, ?and he welcomed them 'because his brain.': was on fire, and his mighty efforts had .left him hot and steaming. But after .a i little While they ceased -to feel cold, and Bfc seemed to him as if the rain had sudden ty ^changed to boil ing heat. His head be? p.n to ache, and the aching spread through Tils whole body. But though he writhed in torture none of his efforts to gain a new jgpsture brought him 'the slightest relief. I The drops fell with sta terrible regularity that maddened Mm. | He found himself waiting for each one and flinching horribly as it fell. It was, in effect, as if some imp were pouring molten Jead upon him. He tried to get his hands)| up but without suc cess. The grip of 'lihe wood upon him seemed if anything ,iO' grow firmer, and his strength was oozing - Vapidly. He began shouting for help, bfcit his tongue seemed to grow in his mouth: and choke him, and presently he lay perfectly still, listening to' the thrash of the water, his eyes always fixed on that melanicholy white form and the black figure beisflde it. 'In a few minutes' time,' he said to himself, 'I shall bie» insane.' He laughed because everything., about him seemed so life-like and natuisa? ; it did not suggest a nightmare; it did itat suggest some horrible hallucination, tle^could see the stripes on Merle's shirt bhesing in the rain. He noticed that the track legs of the horse were shod and the t fore feet shoeless. And yet the one end 'ft as as inevitable as the ceasing of the raid. It came as it s^ejned to him earlier than he had expected. He had closed his eyes and when he hadjiopened them again Merle was sitting up bualde his horse and swear ing. He had ney-.r believed in ghosts, or shuddered at ap/ apparition, but he had seen and dealt flrfit'h madness, and he did not try to argu©5raie thing out. Merle got up on to his l.eggj pressing his hands to his head, staggered;.? a few steps and sat down again. ; His action weg- ludicrous. It even made Hallett laugh. ? And then it no longer seemed possibl E.4Vthat Merle should be dead, that his own mf.nd should be playing him false, ;; All unexpectallj', his voice sounded out like an automaton. 'Merle,'' he called. The figure tfeside the horse got up slowly to his feet. ; 'Hello,' hi,' said. Ho hoard Hailett's voice again, :&E;,d Hailett's horse calling plaintively ar (4 went over towards the tree, looking about U^ke a man thoroughly dazed. 'Where areSyou ?' he called. His foot struck against the revolver, and glancing down he sav? the . end of Hailett's head just protrudi aSf; from. the tree. 'What are iyou doing there ?' he said. Hailett's serises were failing 'him. 'For Hea1 qi's sake, get me out,' he cried. . Merle seiz-£'. him by the arm and tried to draw Mcjy.out. But he only extracted little groans Jnf pain. There was not room for .those b.'fcfed shoulders to pass. 'Hold on;--!$».minirte,' he said. -He went back to ,whe?;ej his niire.lay stretched in the sand and -pi.jkt'd up . a saw from the' ground. As he stoop si he noticed two bullet wounds ia the horsiiSs shoulder, -.vhich were bleed ing.' ?: -s 'I must te.ve been stunned,' he said. He went and began releasing Hallett. 'I don't- 'Understand,' he said iii a bc. Wildered toTfti. 'Who did the. shooting ?' 'I did,' s aVl Hallett. 'Merle, I'm dying. Be quick, t-ioL-e's a .good fellow.' Indeed hw; face was very dark and his throat was* o'ry and rasping. i When ho jgot out he could hardly stand. Merle was j not much better. They both moved unsteadily, and bcth sat down on the trunk instinctively. Hallc-tt's' i horse had got loose and -had j come round? and was staring at the white s corpse, its .e} irs . forward, ? its small nostrils dilated fearfully at the sight of death. The boy hi as unable to say a word. As for Hallettf jie stooped down and picked up his revolver. He examined the ohambers' carefully- 'ai id. handed it to -Merle. 'I've placed my. game and lost,' he said quietly.; '1 t's your turn now. For every life another !' The boy Vaid his hand on the other's arm. The sit lotion wtas vague, inexplicable, but it was# 'Certain that Hallett was a little off his'htSad.' 'Come along,' he said; 'you. had better come back and spend 'the night with us.' A flash of the old fire crept into Hailett's eyes. 'I'm not off my head,' he said, fiercely, because he still believed a -little in his madness. 'I meant to kill you, then I got wedged, that's -all.' Merle glanced at him quickly, and a li'btle nervously. The situation was grow ing impossible. 'I don't know what I've done, .that you want to kill me,' he said. Hallett had caught his horse by the bridle, was feeling the girth, and his face was turned away When he spoke. 'I've been a cad — 'that's all,' he said. 'Do you see when a man has been out here so long as I have his soul craves for a little touch of civilisation; he longs to come across people who think as he does — who can think.. Ladies don't often come our way out here1, and- ? It's no good beating about the bush',' he went on, speaking faster, 'I am in love with your wife — madly, deeply; deeply enough even to drive me to crime — to murder !' Merle stared at him, doubting more than ever of his sanity. 'My wife is in Cairo at the present mo ment,' he said, staring hard at Hallett. 'She Is not to follow us out till the Spring. I don't know what you mean ?' 'For all that,' said Hallett, 'someone whom you allow to call herself Mrs. Merle is living wit'h you now — someone who wears your wedding-ring 'Monica, do you mean !' exclaimed Merle'. 'Why, my dear fellow, Monica is my step-mother. Married my father two years before he died ! My wife — O Lord deliver us !' and he burst into laughter. While he stood there the moon came out suddenly between a rift in the clouds and shone down on 'the two men and the 'two horses, the one dead, the other pulling at its bit. It was a tragic bit of comedy ; a question solely of relationship. For a week after the truth became known, Crawford was seen (haunting the post-office steps to find Benson, because he said 'he had paid him five dollars on false pretences, and he wanted it back. Leices ter's id«a was to be best man if the wed ding came off — which it didn't ! — 'Pear- son's Magazine.' HE FIRED. AND HORSE AND RTDER CAME FLOUNDERING TO THE GROUND. 