m a Pasft. CHAPTER XLV (Continued). Br Bnm M. CUT, tnthoress of "A Niter Bondage," " Lilian Tremayne'a Secret," Etc. Saturday name, and still there waa no news of Elsie or of Captain Parker, and Mod began to fret and fume. He worked until midnight, hardly conscious of the rapid flight of time, and bad the satisfaction to aee a picture complated that had been under way for nearly three months. To-morrow will be Sunday," he _ it, "and I will teat—if ( can. If nday brings nc news, I think I shall mad unleaa I go to work to find tain Parker." ion Monday did come, and his mail tained nothing of Interest, Nod ilvad to go to the Euaton-road again, trmined not to be pu' off by a hundred in on guard —if audi a number happened there. had an appointment with the alderat twdve o'clock, who deoired a thick chain to be painted acroas his expancheat.' He was coming at twdve 'look to bring the identical chain, and ta determined not to wait a mte later than that hour. retired to hia studio and was glad to a carriage stop before the house fully an hour before he had expected the r I am much obliged to him for coming rly," he thought; than sprang to hia \ half believing that a tornado or a mad ' had foand its way into the conaerthat led from the house to hia nother moment and a wild-eyed old burst upon him, revolver in hand, "Now, sir I now, then, you double- ,: \- -ig young libertine, where is Miss Sterne P Captain Parker P' ejaculated Noel, hat u the m«mlng 0f this P The meaning, sir, is that if you don't up, by Heaven, I'm going to shoot f you haven't got the sense to see the danger lights, then there's going to ba a fi|perd! 1 want Miss Sterne I" Captain Parker, I am nearly mad afth grief myself. I have not seen Miss I left her at Blalrwood a week r" Colin Ernadiffe I" sneered the old nan. ." Yea, but ahe knows that I am Nod Gwnpbell, also, now. That deception—" " Avaat I" roared Parker; " you nearly broke her heart, you villain P " Silenoe '" Nod add, sternly. ««I wrote to Miss Steme at your place " And I bnmed the letter," interrupted the T»I>I*» "Then you have takrm a most unwarrantable liberty, sir. Your man denied me admission, and I waa the bearer of wyful news—the news that Sir John ia in Landon, under my care, alive and almost wall, and that the man he is supposed to him killed ia not dead at all I" captain looked daaed. But where ia Elsie P he aaid. " Will m a wear that you didn't kidnap her night t A letter came aaylng that yap were 111 at aome hospital, and off ahe' without consulting me. Never aet on her since." 'So she foenve me!" cried .Noel. ~ poor BMeP aa, and woto you a latter also, 11 put in the fire! Forgive me. lad. I believe I Ve misjudged you. Now, where is ahe—where ta ahe P "Probably in London. This Is the work of Lord Somarton 1 Now, Mr Parker, if you can keep pace with me, we will trace filaia'a movements as far aa her maid has advised yon. There la not a moment to be lost." " I can keep alongside of rou in a cab, ~ what's more, I'm goang to do it I've 1y run half over London in search of Come OB! 11 Tha alderman waa forgotten, and in five * utea Nod and Captain Parker were ig driven to Goy's Hospital. By die time they were fully satisfied Elsie was not in London-and had her to Waterloo railway station, it nearly five o'clock. There's a train down ai seven," Nod "and we will surprise my lord. In lean while we had better refresh the inner .man, and 1 will call at my chamber*. There may be news there." This hopeful anticipation was realised, and the news waa of a moat startling nature in the dupe of the following telegram i " NOEL CAMPBELL, ESQ. :—Miss Sterne brought here las* night by Somarton. We will aee that she comes to no harm. Proof that Sir John's marriage was legal is here also. Come early on Tuesday morning, and It Is only to be regretted that Sir John ia not in England. Good Lord I" roared Captain Barker, -1-rph.g hia knee, "tfi like a fairy tale!" " I am dazed P aaid Nod. "See here, captain I we will go to the Barry- road now! Sir John shall know all and aooom pany na to Blalrwood' I" aln was a cab in requisition, and despite the cautions fears of Markham, the captain burst into thepreeencenf Sir John, who waa sitting at the table leading. Behind him walked Nod Campbell, backed with so mndi-written evidence of plot amd counterplot, that Sir John, in hia bewildering joy, wept upon Ua dioaMer. "Free! bee!" be aaid; "lam already *Vbenhia bee became aet and hard, but "Hoi sol I will leave all my enemies to a highsr Judge. This is no time to have hacah thooghta 1" it wto late when the party broke up, and an agreement was made for the whole of 'than to meet at Waterloo station at half-past seven tha neat morning. "A. train Is doe to leave at eight,' Nodasld. "an<i we shall be at Blalrwood by nine thirty" I "Whata gnnd reunioo I" laughed the «nptain,vithtaar* in Us eyea. "Bring your nailliaa slia%, my bey,and I'll Insist npen Mia Phrker coring with Elders aid." SirJofcaaequlesoedbyefempressare ~ headland Ned toe* that at las* tiier %ras forgiven 1 CHAFFER XLV/. KLBTK IE SAVED. " It Is my wedding d^y to-day, Kemp, ~ ~ of Somerton aaid the next die butler aa he came „ ud I want you to faring poet-bag, ao that I can get _ before Is tial feat with any oor- [ respendflnfie that may require immediate May I congratulate ia ody^m^aevtq, a^I ahrt in On the ead add. "How 4a Save Iron Inqarad of Xiady " If it pleaae your lordship. Lady Helena, when ahe gave her orders not ton mlnutea ainoe, did aay that the young mistress had slept beautifully all night." "Thankyou, Kemp." He waa gratified to learn that Lady Helena Freeman had obeyed hia orders by keeping the butler pasted aa to the oondltion of Miaa Sterne. " I am obliged to Jordan for the narootic," he thought, " and it proves to me that people of the East can teach ua Westerners aomething yet. I believe that if minute sprays were injected into almost any kind of food the death of tha person who ate it would be alow and painless." Heateppedlnto the library, and atarted atalghtof the reflection of his haggard bee in a mirror." A night of torture I endured," he muttered. "I heard "the sound of hia falling body in my dreams. 8t that be uttered no cry, but when men are nerved with desperation, their strength is phenomenal. The blow on the head must have killed him, and the dead alone are the people who tell no talea. Now let me aee. He has been missed before this. It la quite possible that no one will take any particular notice of his movements, or he may have told the landlord of the Blairwood Arms something." He mused for a while, oondudlng: " And if he is traced here and tin body is found, I am afraid that our young gamekeeper will fare badly. He has uttered some ugly threats against Kemp, and waa eeen yesterdiy in the village public-house the worse for liquor. He had boasted of his meeting with the botler, and has killed the wrong The earl langhed hollowly and poured out a glass half full of brandy, which he drained at a gulp. He had never thought it possible that hia nerves would be upset. He had arranged the crime ooolly enough; he had committed it erpeditioudy and neatly, but the horror of it waa only just becoming apparent. Another glass of brandy inflamed him with a apedea of false bravado. He began to dream of complete success. That day would see him the husband of the loveliest girl in Christendom, and the heiress to a comfortable fortune. Be" chuckled when he thought of the will which lie had caused to be stolen, and which was safely reposing in his own desk. The theft had materially increased his power over Miss Sterne—it had hastened the death of Mr Vdlance, and indirectly made him a cc-trustee of the estate of Blairwood Park. ' And I learned nothing from Zeba," ho thought—" nothing. The crone pretended ao much that I was bound to burn the hut and all it contained about her ears. 1 have had but one fear, and that was that I might be fomtalled by Campbell ; for he alone waa guilty of ranssrlring the safe in Sir John's bedroom. Well, my fine friend, it has been a battle of wits; but, after the wedding, which takes {dace to-day, you will be worsted beyond recovery.'' He was already fully dressed, and, ening a window, he stepped out, and strolled towards the Long Walk. In aome way it had an irresistible attraction for him. When assured thai no one could observe his movements, he increased his pace, not naming until he reached -tha aeene of tha brief struggle. There waa absolutely to show llisl •sitliln^ hadba« lay in the path, bat the Long Walk was the rendecvoos of the servants, male and female, when lovingly inclined, aud die men smoked cigars. He glanced In the direction of the wdl, shuddered, and turned back towards the house. He found that Kemp had just arrived with the letter-bag, and glanced at him out of the comers of hia eyea with an anxiety that almost betrayed Itself. " I met Stxetton In the village, my lord," tha butler observed. " Indeed P His lordship paled a little under hia sallow akin. Waa he aa threatening aa usual P He did not speak, my lord, and 1 don't know what to make of the look that he gave me. & waa not in drink, and aeemed spruced up smart enough." " Give him rope, Kemp, and he will hang himself," remarked the ead, seutentioudy. Left to himadf, he opened the letterbag, and, to hia relief, found only one letter addressed to himself. It waa from Grant, and postmarked Paris. The devil," muttered my lord, as he tore itopen. It consisted of one sheet of paper containing no n^Mffmi. In the centre these words were scribbled: " It may not be too late to draw back. Nemesis la close upon your bsela. Be warned in time. J.G." An awful oath left <ny lord's lip« aa he tore the letter into fragments. He did not know that James Grant had disponed of all his worldly goods and fled to the Continent. He breakfasted done, and the med consisted of one cup of black coffee, strongly flavored with brandy—the strongest Cognac. At nine o'clock Lady Helena joined m Her ladyship waa In a flutter of excitement. " Elsie is dressed," she said. "I have told her • that you wish to aooompany her to London, and in a lisUeaa, apathetic way ahe emreaaed her wlllingnaes to go, but would far auoner lie again." His evil faoe glowed. " The wIH ba ready at ten," he Id. " Kemp and my man will precede i. I wish It were over 1 One hour' twe hours, at the moat—and It seem* i eternity I" The clock ticked off the seconds, the minutes, and he paced to and fro. Eva*y unusual sound congealed the blood In his heart. He shivered, and thenlangbedat hia folly. He believed that there waa no one to fear except Captain Parker. He might arrive at an inopportune moment, and my lard had inwardly resolved to drag him. Nothing ahould atand in hia poth -now. Ten o'clock 1 Ue rushed upstairs to bathe his hands and faoe, and when ha eame down again a footman waa handing Kn Sterna and Indy Helena Into the carriage. He took Ma plaoe bppoatte to them, hia amoalderingH*cfc«|%*eagerly noting evety line of EWs pale but lovdy faoe. "You are not well, Miss Steme," he add, softly. "No, I am not wall," Hide i raising her eyes languidly. "II & la* passible far me to Map two xnnre than afew tnlnutes together, and my memory % almoat a blank. I wonder why Annette longP e « her unresisting hands and as the carriage roBed •wfcy doeedlier eyes frdnteMc. "Ottfaffllw nia trouble," he whispered. ""Her wBl Is powerUasto combat mlns,and Lawaon understands * arttol^prAounceamanandw aay What faoe was that at one cf tie windows? Whose face waa It * • Wfll it ever be before meP he thought. "I am as weak as a child. - - - " The carriage drew up atone of the side doors of the church, and Kemp was in immediate attendance. Miaa Sterne was assisted to alight by Lady Helerji, and when ahe gazed wonderingif about her, he explained that they had business with the new rector. Klsle suspected nothing until ahe was standing at the altar tA end her eyea dilated with horror. Take me away !>' aha etied. " What does this mean P The earl ground his teeth with rage that the clergyman waa not there to meet them, and he commindad the old verger, who waa hovering about with an imbecile smile oc his bee, to fetdi Mr Lawaon at I am here, my lord," the clergyman said, entering the church from his vestry, and there waa a look on hia faoe that Somerton never forgot. " I am here to save this poor child from yon, fiend that you are I" Somerton paused one moment to make reply, but the words froze upon his lips. He waa looking beyond the clergyman towards the vestry, and Elate darted forward with a shriek of joy. CHAPTER XLV11. THE TARTY AX THS BXCTO&Y.; Within the apace of five minutes three cabs dashed np the long drive that intervenea between the Waterloo-road and Waterloo railway station. It waa bareiy half-past 7 o'cJock in the morning, and the horses were fresh, while the crispness in the air aeemed to make the blood of both animals and driven bound joyously in their veins. The bet that the cabbies had made so excellent a start in their day's work may have had aomething to do with their good temper and jovial chaffing. From the first cab sprang Noel Campbell, and after a hasty glance round he assisted hia mother to alight. He had hardly time to take her to a waiting- room then up cab No. 2, depositing Sir John Sterne, looking ten yean yoanger than he bad on the preceding evening, and hia faithful valet, Markham. He's got wonderful powers of recuperation," whispered *»«*!>«•» to Noel, aa Sir John stamped hia feet vigorously on the pavement, "and this time, God be willing, there's nothing to eat hia heart out again." Noel, my nephew," the baronet said, holding the young man's hand firmly, "you whom I have hated with a fiorce intensity have proved yourself to be my beet friend. Heaven forgive me for being ao easily misled—for being so ready to think evil of others. And let me say here. Nod—let me aay it while none are near who cannot understand the eternal bond between us—let me aay that I have cruelly wronged you, my boy, and beg your forgiveness. You are a noble fellow 1 Now, where is yonr mother!" He asked theqaeetion almost brusquely, and the old fire rushed into the tell-tale scar on hia cheek. In there, nnde," Noel said, pointing to a waiting-room. " Ded gently with | her. She ia only a woman, and your datee. r your mother," replied Sir > -me forget that ahe is my UAl"-he brushed hia his eyes. " We are all .bat ia to be fcalL I my father "w his on|y daughtomy honor; and in weakness because she controlled by me—instead your mother's annuity five tboussaVw year, I punished her with one-fifth ef it But every penny, with oompouaA'tnterest, Is invested for her sole use and benefit. A handy little sum, my boy, amounting to upwards of a hundred tfcwaand pounds. That villain Grant knaar all abont it. He may well have reaaon to hate me." He tJBOMd abruptly, and walked into the wdti^jcoom, softly dosing the door behind hipa* What naesed between brother and sister waK?linly known to the angels, but Sir JSfaei emerged a little later, hia faoe very muSh softened, and Mn Camp- bell's eyes' wate wet wtih tears. By tMa-rtiine Captain Parker was atamplng about the platform, while Mrs Parker and'.the excited Annette were pouring a feiot fire of words into the ear* of Nod Campbell and Markham. Then Nod sent off a lengthy telegram fa^Mr Lawaon, the new rector of Blalrwood, and purchased the tickets, while Markham engaged one compartment for j the sevan pamengers. ! During the journey Sir John waa pre- >ered by Npel for several changes at! Sldrwood.' Foe the lint time he heard 1 of the death kSfieba. and the sudden and fatal illness otilfr Vallance. Sinn in tbe conviction that the papera left in lus care by you had bean stolen by tha ;natml vance of the Earl of Somerton aad'Grant for their own evil ends, I entered your private room—aware that you had left the originals of the documents in like care of Mr Vallance—I entered at midgfaht, and secured them for the purneaa of circumventing the scoundrels sSoadd necessity arise. They are in my bdef bag, which 1 have here the earl came to ly property,Sir John murmured, Ma a&istache; bristling with anger. "Aha, wry lard, there is a surprise in store fat yon. What can Lady " 'staa F»asssa%e thi nlri "g about P She ia'the «arl't ally. Sir John," broke in flnnnUa/willi spirit. There weretwe dosed carriages awaiting them at Blairwood Station, one of which waa drivea*t)j William Stretton, and the other by landlord Bingley. The glance that Stnrtteaigive Annette relieved l ™ *ieact9t£muiy forebodings. are yo* taking usf asked •NoeL . "To d»teehUMMii," i e — ^ replied Stretton. Mr wn— "All right. he present we are in Mr La' " At theraetory waiting for th* promptly ashed the clergyman waa bare-headed, and ohn by the hand, came this morning, were on your way a delight that no ! He glanced at his watch, and contin u <** : , „ "Lord Somerton, in addition to his other crimes, attempted to murder Mr Castiemon test night. Indeed, Mr Castlemon would have been suffocated at the bottom of the old well in the Long Walk had not young Stretton, the gamekeeper, rescued him at the risk of his own neck." " Where is Castiemoc ?" demanded Sir John, a little harshly, the scar growing a fiery red. " I am here," was the sadly-spoken reply, and James Castiemon limped painfully .into the room, his head and face swathed ID bandages. All eyes were turned upon him, and Sir John started to his feet, saying— " Heaven forgive you, Castiemon! We were friends once. How could you hare tortured and bled me all these yean? Tell me that Campbell—my sister's husband—still liree !'' Castlemon'a eyes were fixed upon Mrs Campbell; then, suddenly poshing one of the bandages back from his face, he cried— " Do you not know me ? It is I, Harry Campbell, in very troth! Caatlemon died many years since, of fever, in the jungle, after deserting the army. Now, can you understand my revenge ? I stand before you in dust and ashes. My shame is more than I can bear ; but, if God spares me, I will lead a new life — for the enduring faith of my injured wife, for the priceless gift of so noble a son." " Oh, Harry !" cried hia wife. " I cared for you through it all ; I will not desert you noir She ciung to him, while hit tears fell on ber upturned face. Soel was startled, bat he stepped iorward, saying boldly, for he saw that Sir John had averted his face— " Father, if I did not stand by you now, I should be an unnatural craven indeed I" "I do not deserve this," murmured Captain Campbell. " I never unaerstood the meaning of love until now. Sir John and I were always enemies aud rivalB. We have done each other many bitter wrongs in the past; but the crime of conspiring tc ruin the fair fame of his wife, and those that should bear hia name, by a mock marriage, is unpardonable. I make no excase ; the scheme waa mine and Oastiemon's, because we hated Sir John. We met Mr I^wBon at a gamingtable, and, attracted by his glib tongue and knowledge of biblicd quotations, we taxed him with being a parson, but he strongly denied it, though he confessed to having studied for the Church." " I was ashamed of boing seen in ao wicked a place," the clergyman interposed, "though I had been driven by lack of funds to try my lack." " Then it was," proceeded Campbell, " that oar scheme began to ripen. We confided in Lawaon; bat I'll acknowledge that we did not obtain his consent until he had been paid fifty rupees and had a promise of fifty more when his work was done. In a few days an expected uprising of the natives took place and we seized that opportunity to get Sir John and the girl that he had cheated us both of to go through a marriage ceremony that was to be in reality , no marriage at all. Our colonel had been killed, and his daughter, ~ who waa affianced ~ to . Sir . .John, . needed protection. I do not think that I need dwell longer upon this horrible subject. Only let me say how thankful I am to Heaven that Mr Lawaon deceived us, and waa after mil a pcopedy ocdaxned minister. To me there have been long ywn of bitter—bitter remorse.*' —For m-moment -be was absken*jwith emotion. "In self-vindication," put In the clergyman, " let me say that before joining in the shameful plot, I made full Inquiries about Sir John Sterne and Miss Hervin, and knew that no harm could result from a legal marriage between them. Then the afiair entirely escaped my memory for years." Suddenly Sir John spoke. '* I have been terribly punished, but am by no means blameless. It is true that Campbell and I hated each other as young men. But let it be forgotton. When I discovered the fancied wrong that had been done to me and my little child, I was not responsible for my actions. 1 searched high and low for Campbell and Castiemon, with murder in my heart. At length I heard that Campbell had fallen in battle, and I re- solved to mutilate his deal body, or finish him, if any life were left. My unerring instinct guided me to him. He was half buried among a heap of slain- I flashed my sword in his face and he begged for mercy. He was parched with fever's burning thirst. Satisfied that he was dying, I laughed at him, wished him a speedy journey to a darker world, and left him." He held oat his hand to Campbell and added : " I believe that I deserved your hate, bat I forgive dl for my aiater'e sake." Captain Campbell was too overcome to reply, but he grasped Sir John's outstretched hand, not letting go until Mr Lawsoa exclaimed — " The butler and Lord Somerton's valet have gone Into the church. The earl is not far behind." Even as he spoke the Patk carriage appeared at the foot of the hill, and aa it passed the lectory. Captain Campbell stood at the window by the side of Sir John. "The accursed scoundrel!" mattered the baronet. " I saw his yellow face as the carriage passed!'' For a moment the clergyman left the room, but came bade saying— " Follow me to the vestry, pleaae, through the pasaage that communicatee with the rectory. Make aa little noise aa possible." The whole party obeyed, on the very tiptoe of expectation. Sir John leaning on the arm of Markham, and Captain Campbell walking between his son and wife Captain Parker could do little elsa but give vent to ejaculations that had better be left out of print, while hia wife and Annette brought up the rear. They paased into the veetry, and it required the restraining hand of Mr Lawson to stay Sir John from rushing forward, and attacking Somerton, whom he could see half- supporting the beautiful Elsie at the dtar nil. Where ia Mr Lawaon 1" the voice of Somerton demanded, angrily. I am here, my lord," was the reply, as he advanced. " I am here to save this poor child from you, fiend that you are ! Then it waa that the earl's blazing eyea rested upon Sir John and the party crowding into the doorway; then it waa (Continued on ScJit Pag±) "Jung Girauoir. "HIBOUD Lkwsos." that Elsie sprang into her father's aims with a cry of j"y. CHAPTER XLVIil. EI.Y.SICM. Qoick to think and to act. Lord Somerbon knew that he was cornered— that there was not a ghost of a chanoe for the success of his scheme of making Que Sterne his wife. He could not understand how he had been so cleverly hood' winked, or how the man he knew as Castlemon had escaped from the well. And here was Sir John Sterne, whom he had believed to ba dying thomanda of miles away—here he was back at Blairwood, and apparently In improving health. *• I owe this to Grant, corse him 1" he thought. 1 understand his warning now! He has beaten me with my own weapons, if I ever meet him again, It Ifl his life or mine I" " My lord," Captain Campbell said, " 1 will not now press yon for the payment yoa promised, sad I give yon credit for knowing in your own mind that I was not Castlemon, but Harry Campbell. When I betrayed my knowledge that yoa were a murderer, I knew that yon would try to kill me, and was prepared for yon. The man upon whom you Intended to shift the crime was present, and saved me from the well. I do not know if it is Sir John's intention to punish yon for dragging and napping hb daughter, but while forgiving you for assaulting me, I intend informing the police of what I aaw in the Park on the night that Zeba's cottage was destroyed." " Tour accomplice, Grant has fled," remarked Sir John. " I would adrlse you to do the same. Too are a young man, clever, wealthy, and of the highest social rank, bat your future Is blasted by year own wicked and unscrupulous mind. Though yoa richly deserve it, it would be Inexpressibly painful to have your agony intensified by a weary trial before a gaping crowd, and we agree to give yoa twenty-four horns in which to leave the country yon have disgraced and dishonored." "AB mnch to escape an expose of your own soandal aa I«iI«iihi towards me," sneered the abject wretch. U There is no life," interrupted the clergyman. In Sir John's " I am the man who conducted the ceremony which made Miss SterneV "^tfrftr a legal wife. You have been Imposed upon In every way." " There was a touch of rar-asm in Mr Lawson's tones, and with a fierce Imprecation Lord Somerton tamed and away—oat of their Uvea far ever, «Ui Kemp, tbs pompous bBflac, and Ua nlefc following close behind- What tana Din made with Uai for services rendered will never be known. Meanwhile Lady Helena had falnt<Wi. and recovered at least half a dozen times. The expected annuity had melted away, and she did not at all relish the w™i«r in which Sir John regarded her. At last she fell sobbing at his feet, and was told to leave Blairwood Park that very day. " Yon shall not bee tbe world penniless," Sir John said; " but I win not have one element of discord iny roof an Instant longer than b niwnmnj Go to some hotel or just whatever you please, and I will send yon a cheque foe five hundred pounds. After that ! wash my hands of yon, woman yon are!" The party left the church and entered the carriages that had returned bom tile Blairwood Arms, and so great was the joy upon every faux that any rrmintr stranger had been would a happy have wedding. vowed Oat there At the last moment, however, Noel expressed a desire to walk with w a to the Park rather than ride, becawe the exercise and the sweet, fresh air would help to banish the lingering of the narcotic that still to her (Jpon this Annette suggested that die should ride cm the box beside Rt^nn She did not mind it a bit—In fact, die would enjoy it The requests of the yoong people van smilingly granted, and, when they wen done Noel caught Elsie to his breast in a mad, passionate mhff "Oh, my darling," be old, **I cai hardly believe Oat all this fa real jot But yesterday we woe in ^-rfrnf and pain, and now Heaven Itself fa opened to as, and we are bidden to enter/* She answered him with a kla and a happy sigh, and they walked together, dinging tightly all the way unS they came to the embowered fawn, which Noel called the "Court of Love.'' Again did they recount all that was beautiful in the past, bat the most falissful momenta that memory recalled Baled before the exquisite joy of tbe shining present. Though the reader may anticipate pretty •crastdy atat became of the pebfle who have played tfaeir parts In thlTrtory. lie orAe would feel a little dissatisfied athe raglected to chronkde the actual fc e "«white, so I wui S I i^ord Somnton took the advice of Sir John^md fled to fte Continent; buT^ ^~oorda««e with Sir John's rfrfS, h£ w breathing vengeance against whom he sffll belkved had dnpS U^T fa*yerformany 11,1 0 »* fa»t accidentally, to1 be shot dead on the Instant by the man whom he was seeking. j-wmau Intent tokfll in the lawyers a ^ t t T take hii none knew * Uieprlde _ « foroed •nniat hastily. * [aid falTdaba bbiD,and of it bubbled fran hj, ^ ^T,! reached tho ean-of people ' reason to dUBa him and on «>» _ _ tied, thegenBemsnly m, Kemp WL feasted n o t t o o welL Hailed, and never came L Meanwhile Sir John had adjusted his accounts wiftjhe readjustment of Us mind, the rewtt being that an aocomulation doe to hfcslrter, amounting to upwards of a hundred thousand pounds, wu transferred in a (roper and legal manner. and to the satisfaction of aHparUee/wiUi the reservation that he deducted every fraction of the noney paid to OapUln Campbell when ha waa known as James Castlemon. TUs waa insisted upon by the captain himself, who settled down as a model husband, and industriously employed himself to the shrewd Investment of his wife's unexpected wealth. And all thb wHIe Nod had been working slavishly, hb time'being aboat equally divided [between Us studio In London and Blairwood Park. In five monthi he had painted half-adozen portraits, and the picture that waa to make hb fame and fortune had been acoepted by the AMdeo With thb great new he arrived anerpected at the Park one morning, and Sir John greeted idm with a merry laugh. < Here again P ba said. "Nod, ay boy, I'thlnk that yoa had better set up your studio here. If yon are not consumed with lmp»iiM)B>|io go In search of Elsie, I would Uketo say a few words to yon* I am listening, uncle; bat pay don't belong. I have grand news myself. My last picture is accepted, «nd I—" •V Well, well I I win be brief. Ton and Elsie are to be married next month, and aa alljthb will be yowrs and hers one day, yoa must not take say ewe lamb away from me. I aiaanold man—mnch dder than my years, and ! want a yoong head and strong hands to help me In the management of my estate. 1 love Eisle, even as much as yoa do In a different way. I love yoa, lad, became——" Tears gathered in htt eyes, and Nod grasped hb hands. " Uncle," he said, "yoor will b oar law in these things. I dirai M. hate to take my darling away from yoa, and nothing will please <n better than " '•Better than whaH" Inteonpted Elsie, suddenly entering lhe nKUf her face radiantly lovely witnitfae gnat happiness that had come Iwtnlirr Ufe. "Why, nothing wDH^oie m better than to make our home married, sweetheart," Had conehided, Ianghlngly, as he kissed^ her blushing face. "Ufa papa's wUi, aading." Ebb tan to her father's anas and ssed him fondly, saying's^- . " I nevar want to leave yon, dear papa sever I" " Only for a little wh£e. /¥ao most have a nice honeymoon, 11 faliBd. "And that reminds me that Uutila* tig box of wedding presents for wiitpnm (hmtaln Parker and fafa wife. .m^Oatl am satisfied I will making. I across tiiatw _____ 8)r John Wt *fc|i*i|gHHn9a>Sfa«t <tn-^ only know. [Thb 