Lady OIlyia's Step Daughters. CHAPTER X - Continued. ' Valerie urged me to marry Miss Clifford shortly afterwards, on my father's death, but I deolined,' said Mr Ffrench; ' Now you know the whole affair, and you see I was right.in saying the story was net worth repeating. I would not have had it come to your ears for worlds, but you insisted on hearing it. It has htways been a disagreeable subject, and I am extremely sorry to have it recalled.' ' Is she dead S' asked Lady Olivia abruptly, not heeding her husbands attempt at his old querulousness. ' What does it matter what became of her 1' he cried ' It does matter,' answered Lady Olivia angrily. ' How do you know that I am your wife at all I The marriage with her may have been the only legal one you ever con treated-your daughter may not be your lawful heiress.' She stopped and grew suddenly pale, as it a startling thought had occurred to her, and then repeated her inquiry eagerly and peremptorily. She died in the same year is which my wife died,' said Mr Ffrench. ' And the marriage was never legal. You may make your mind easy on that point.' ' I shall make my mind easy on a great many points,' observed Lady Olivia scorn fully, gathering her shawl round her preparatory to leaving the room. ' One of shem sall be the estimation in which I shall regard you. If I had not been assured that the creature was dead, I should have gone back to London this very night and put myself under Hey ward's protection. As it is, I shall take some time for consideration. Please keep at a distance'-for Mr Ffrench had started forward. ' I have had enough of your protestations and professions for the present at least.' She swept from the rooms, leaving Mr Ffrench a prey to the bitterest mortification and remorse. He bad held the cup of triumph to his lips, and the pale ghost of Mary Clifford had intervened and dashed it to the ground. He knew enough of Lady Olivia's violent temper to feel that what he had done would be for ever unpardonable in her eyes. The whole household was soon aware of the estrangement between Lady Olivia and her husband. A perpetual sullen frown rested upon the lady's brow, and she made -no attempt to ccnceal her ill temper, while Mr Ffrench grew daily more anxious and haggard in his vain efforts to conciliate her. Pamela would have found her days at the Most unhappy ones during the weeks which followed the bride's return had she not been accustomed to solitude and to diepoiing of her time without depending on others for entertainment. She seldom saw Lady Olivia except at dinner, as her lady-ship re mained shut up in her own rooms most of her time ; and she preserved an offended silence when she did appear. Pamela could not help noticing the change that was daily taking place in her father-how aged and bent he was becoming-and she made more than one effort to draw him back to his old occupations; but it was all in vain. He had no interests apart from his wife, although Lady Olivia did not vouchsafe him the slightest notice. Her time, after the first few days, was spent in receiving visite from the neighbouring families and in returning them. In doing this she was necessarily associated with Mr Ffrench; *but otherwise their intercourse seemed almost completely to have ceased. The new mistress of the Moat did not make a favourable impression upon her neighbours, possibly because she made no efferb to render herself agreeable and allowed her evident ennui in their society to be ;rer fectly apparent. gheu at home, she was at no pains to conceal the contempt she enter tained for every one of Mr French's old friends, and, after the first formal curtosies, she did not further prosecute their acquaint suce. 