News from Around. Correspondence kindly invited from out lying districts. New Mexico. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) THE WEATHER.— This is the chief topic of conversation ; and whether we like the present weather, or whether we don't, we have got to do as the wethers do— weather it. I may again impress on the weather clerk, however, the necessity for giving us a couple of inches of rain, because many of us are sowing, and the ground is about as dry as the Tamworth newspapers or a temperance lecture. It is even too dry for the plough. I am afraid the early crops won't come to much, if meteor- ological conditions don't very soon take a change, and then his clerkship will have much more to answer for than he dreams of — if he ever does dream. FROSTS. — How is the city shaping with its frost supply ? Down here, we con- tinue to score heavily. Every morning the ground wears a sparkling cloak— as white as Crocker and Co.'s superfine refined roller flour and an inch thicker than an alderman's cocoanut ! This is saying a good deal, isn't it? The nights couldn't be more pleasant for a man if he were sitting on the top of the North Pole with his feet in snow poultices and his head covered with an ice-berg. At mid- day the sun shines from his tabernacle, but he has no more life in him than a wooden log. We can send your smoke- concert revellers a few blocks of ice with which to temper their whisky. We also recommend some of the Progress warriors to apply a little ice to their heads, for fear of accident, especially as their labors are increasing and their speeches are getting so awfully interesting. I observe that Senator Wilshire has returned to the fold. Let us hope Arthur will now take up that drain problem, and bang out it knotty points — to his satisfaction gener- ally, and ours particularly, HARES.— Not long ago, those festive little rodents, called hares, were awfully numerous about here. At night time the long-eared Brigham Youngs of that ilk would select the choicest wheat-fields, and, summoning their thousand wives and children, spread themselves out for a kind of feast of the Passover. When they hid satisfied the inner man, an impromptu race programme was carried out, and as soon as the farmer got on his top-rail in the morning, he was delighted to find six-furlong tracks all through his field, thus saving him the great trouble of reaping. These hares were not thought very much of in those days— certainly no more than they were unwelcome ; but, like the poor, they ware always very much with us. Just now, however, when your " skinny kangarloo dog" owners—as our esteemed friend, John, puts it — are paying as high as 2s. 6d. per head for them alive, there is not one to be seen ! However,. when the bloom is on the wheat again, they will no doubt come trooping along like a regiment of bob-tail Chows bound for a new Bendigo. RUNAWAY. — The peace of our nation was rudely disturbed on Saturday even- ing. At first, we thought the forces of Wheelers and Browns had come down on neutral territory to decide the issue of the Barrier Question ; or that the matter of the new city hall was being fought out. All New Mexico wondered ; but a sickly smile beamed on their faces when they found the cause of the trouble was merely No. 3's two horses and dray doing a Don- castor Handicap spin " on their own." After a pretty exciting race, the dray turned sharp, and came down with a nasty slump, sustaining bodily injury. The horses are preparing for the second event. THUNDERBOLT'S CAVE.— In the absence of a more stirring topic— Federation hav- ing been satisfactorily settled— our De- bating Society is having a tug at a sub- ject connected with the illustrious reign of that ubiquitous freebooter, Thunder- bolt. It appears, almost within our boun- dary there is a cave in the mountain, and the majority of our collective wisdom carried a motion in favor of its being the haunt of the bushranger in the best days of his felicity. Said cave favors such hypothesis. (Carried unanimously). Said Thunderbolt's ghost still comes there. (Carried nem. con.) These matters settled, a vigorous speaker, who is regarded as be- ing a tolerably good hand with the flute, set the whole of the meeting on the wheel of wonder by the broadsider that the freebooter had once galloped his horse over the cliff, which has an altitude of 200ft. ! He allowed— of course, by way of se- quence— the animal got a bit shattered, but as another was in readiness at the bottom, it did'nt matter. (Applause). To this day, the veracious chronicler went on, the carcase of that horse is to be seen hanging in a tree. (Dissent: " It's a ballock's.") : He held that the robber had flogged the horse, hence the leap for — death. Other speakers took a much more comprehensive view, and argued that if the horse had not been flogged it would have preferred to see some other brumby trying the experiment. At a late hour last night, this very serious point had not been settled, as it was thought some legal adviser of the ghost might suddenly enter a caveat, and " bring down the house." In the meantime, the whole of the argu- ments are to be submitted to your Pro- gress Committee, for a definite ruling. For the information of Manilla's anti- quarians, I may remark the cave in ques- tion overlooks our picturesque landscape. It is most difficult and dangerous of ap- proach, and when you do gain the sum- mit, a garb of boat- hooks will be found necessary, for you have a much better chance of falling off in a second than re- maining on for a minute. I shall send my mother-in- law over for a report next week. RELIGIOUS.— We are not very strong from a religious point of view, but little or no objection would be raised to an oc- casional visit from some kind of minister — a light-weight for choice. We were think- ing your lost parson would turn up here. He must have taken some narrower path. Talking of clergymen reminds me that an earnest young Anglican divine recently went into an old squatter's in the back blocks. The squatter had five or six charming daughters, and some evil- minded persons, speaking of the cleric's frequent visits, said he was more desirous of persuading one of the ladies to enter the blissful fold of matrimony rather than save the old parent from the burning. However, after some hard trying, the girls got the father to have an impromptu religious service. The old man stood the opening hymns fairly well, chiefly be- cause one of them— " Wash Me Free from Every Stain"— reminded him of the shearing season, but as soon as the par- son began to preach, the old reprobate hurried out, grabbed his hat, and made for the door, shouting as he did, " Ho on minister ; stop the show for a minut and I'll get you some more congregation." Then he rushed off to the blacks' camp near at hand, rounded up about 30 more or less naked niggers, none of whom looked exactly like the Greek gods or smelt exactly like the perfume- laden bowers of Eden, and, pushing them into the temporary temple, he exclaimed, " Fire away, again, parson ; if there's any good in preaching, those poor black beg- gars may as well have a share !" That was the last time the disgusted parson held a service there, so that he lost the chance of marrying an heiress. Verily, the way of the preacher is hard — at times. May 25. No. 11. 