NOVEL. The Wonder-Witch by ah g. mcclelland. CHAPTER XVI. — (Continuhd.) Miss Vandan nodded enthusiastically. She was enjoying herself immensely, and minded to keep on with it. ' Toe hut inoident wbb good.' she affirmed — ' quite dramatio, and in oharaoter with ' the rest ot the performance. Has Mies Donovan reoognizad you, do you think f Guthrie shook his head, and pulled at his beard meditatively. ' Time baa gotten in stronger work along my lints, i he said. ' From u beardless Btrip- ling I've btoome a grizzled and well-nigh middle-aged man. I shouldn't identify my own past and present if I hadn't watohed the evolution. She has no means of recog nition: There is no assooiating resemblance about me, and nobody here uses my Chris tian name, whioh is tho only one she ever heard. Unless the old wonder- witch has kept me in mind, I make no donbt she's for got, en ma long ago.' The young lady did not agree with him. She knew very well that women are not prone to forget pretty little adventures of whioh they themselves are tho. heroines She made this plain to him, and thou demanded information about the wonder- witoh. 1 You Sotherners have so many signs and wonders that my braiu reels nnder them,' she deolared. Rabbits' feet, and oross. marks in the path, and jack-boxes filled with dried snakes, lizards, and bird- feathers, ' conjure oharms and took signs, and death ana disaster portents, make a supernatural medley that Yankee oonsoiousness d-esu't readily assimilate. And the queer part is that so many inteliigent people among yon take the thing seriously and allow for it. What iu heaven's name is a wonder- witch ? She's a new speoies to me. Guthrie laughed amusedly. ' The wonder- witoh is tho ring I gave Mies Uonevan,' he explained. 'We always oallod it that because of a legend oonneoted with it, and the representation of a neoromautio old orone on thu signet.' The girl of the period leaned baok in her ohair and regarded her ootnpanion with undisguised admiration. ' You really are the most affording people I ever enoonutered,' sho deolared, frankly. . 1 You are all survivals. Stiok a pin in the . .other story, to keep the plaoe, and tell me, right here and now, about the wonder- witoh.' CHAPTER XVII. ' Many generations ago,' Guthrie began, . 'an ancestor of mine, a wealthy Magyar from the Carpathian, fell in love with a Romany girl, the grandohild of the qaocn of a powerful tribe of Tziganies whose head quarters were in that part of Hungary. Tradition dceoribos the yonng womun as rarely beamilul, with wonder- bright eyes, ' and the soft- flowing speech of her people Tho Magyar loved well, and the girl met his passion at flood ; bat the old woman was adverse. Thero was among the 'Romany ohals' a suitor whom she favored, and she sought by fair means uud foul to bring the match ubout. Tradition is hazy as to whether the gypsy lover waB preferred beoause of tribal prejudices, or whether .there was some special to my ancestor. Certain it is that the old woman raged, and thwarted the lovers in every way possible. She appears to have been a remarkablo oroaturo— a wise woman, deeply learned in oooultism and muny aorta of seorot know ledge. She was vorstd in the Blaok Art, a follower of Simon Magus and a praotiser of magio, so that, apart from her tribal position, she possessed an nifiuenoe with the Tziganies well-nigh boundless. ' Love, nowever, has a magio of its own, full of potenoy and might, so onehlcsee. dark night the gypsy maidon and thu 'Magyar disappeared together. 'Tie said that the witoh-mothor oursed her descendant, then and there, . with a ourso unique and terrible, faoing to the east, whence ootnos magio, and spreading hor arms, so that the vory winds might bear her malediction to its object. And the ourso was that beoause the young wife had for saken raoe and kindrod for love of the Magyar, ber heart should know no other love, either of ohildron, or kindred, or nation, or frionds, but nnder tho weight of one dominanoe should petrify slowly, com pressing and hardening like stone. 'Through the old wonder- witch's in- fluenoe, the carso was passed from triba to tribe of the Tzlganloa until it penetrated to tho bride's hiding-plaoe and wrought on her imagination to such a dogreo that she eiokened. Tho Magyar did ovorything iu hiB power to weaken or remove tho impross- ion, oven to attempting to nssasBinuto the oauso of tho trouble, but without avail. The idea of a petrifying heart had taken hold of tbo girl and was not to bo dislodged. So insistent became her dread that, after the birth of her child, a boy with a Romany faoo and Magyar nature, for whom she oared nothing, tho pair returned to Hun gary, hoping to propitiate the old wonder witoh and obtain a remission They had just as well have attempted to remove tho Carpathians with a glass lever. Tho author of their woe rejoioed in hor power, and took fresh hold. She wrote out the onrse in a soroll, and would study it, plaoing hersolf frequently in the young wife's path and pointing downward at it with her finger. ' To make a long story short, au exoited imagination got its fell work of superin- duoing disease, nnd tho gypsy wife presently died for fear of dying. In that day the belief in magio held sway, and credulity and snperstitiou wore leash hounds to be loosed at a nenromanoer's will. Tho girl was buried aooording to Magyar usages, but it is olaimod that the Romany ohals, at the instigation of the old wonder-witoh, spirited away hor body, and that its ultimate zesting place was known only to the gypsies. Her heart was removed and ohemically treated so that petrification really took plaoe. ' Whether or not the old woman finally repented of the indireot murder, uud sought to bring good out of ovil, tradition does not state ; but it qppears that on his attaining puberty she presontod' the dead woman's son (and her own great' grandson) with a onrioas ring of hand-hammered gold, set with a strange looking signet, the substanoe of whioh no lapidist has ever boon able to determine, or could withont resolving it to its original eiemonts. The stone is heart- ehapod, dulled red in hue, and delioatc-Iy veined with a darker oolor. It is said to bo a bit of the potrifiod heart. Upon it is ongraved a perfeot representation of the wonder-witoh hersolf, with her fingers on the scroll. Tho outting is said by oxperts to be unusually strong and fiue. ' Tho magio property oluimed for this ring is that it iusures oonstanoy in women. No woman; aeoepting it frmu a man, oan falter or turn from allegianoe tcv him. The ring passes from mother to son, a mode of progress a trifle unuenal. It has on it a Romany inscription, a free translation of whioh is, ' What I love, I desire : what I desire, I grasp : what I grasp, I hold-' \- The Magyar's son, being half Romany, found out all this from his mother's people, aud transmitted it. He married a German, r aud his sou an Englishwoman, and so to.the final Amerioan mixture. The ring, with its history, was given mo by my mother.' ' And a vory abominable hietory it is,' commented Miss Vsndan. 'Fanoy being betrothed with an obnoxious bit of bewitched flesh instead of a ntoe, wholesome diamond 1 It makes one feel orawly and bedevilled only te think of it. And eighteen years ago you foisted this nnonnny thing upon poor, unsuspicious Ruth Douevan I You ought to be a-ibamod of yourself, Dr. Gutbrio ! To triok your own aooomplioe, after tricking your enemies 1 It was a most shameless and outrageous per/ormunae. Suppose you'd gotteu yourself killed, and that dear woman had been compelled to go through life spell- bound to stomal fidelity to a ghost! What sort of denouement would that havo been P' Gutbrio parried hor attaob gayly, de claring that to the ghost suoh a result would have been oininently satisfactory. Ha even andaoiously maintained that, if the wonder-witoh had in truth guarded the puBition for him, she was an ancestress worthy of honor, as well as the ablest strategist of her oyolo. Whereupon Miss Vandan entered ihc counter, declaration that Gathrio himself would bo treasure-trove to the heredity people, as demonstrating in his own person how suoh traits as mnlevolonoe and disregard will persist through unnumbered generations. They talked a great deal of nonsense, those two, and with it all Guthrie's spiritB improved to the point of considering his oaso rather hopeful, and of feeling that, somehow, his hold upon Ruth was renewed. As for Miss Vaudsn, her brain aotually teemed with plans and suggestions. For the first time in hor career sho was visibly enfolded with an atmosphere of unoal- uulating lomrnoe. Her soul joyed within hsr, and i ver/ fibre of her being was set on tho tvr.iu ion of a suitable denouement. For the noxi da/ or so she aud Guthrie were inseparable, and that their oommunion was eatisiaotory was evidenced by tho beatitude of their oonntenanoe. When Hugh Donovan reappeared, tho young lady promptly took him into eonfidenoo, a proceeding to whioh Guthrie might have objected had he not caught a glimpse of the arcana of auother situation, CHAPTER XVIII. Virtue has need to be its own reward, for in the reaotion after a hard duty has been performed, if it were not for the appro-ring consoieuoe, one would have nothing. Even then the oonsoienoe mast approve lustily in order to hold misery at bay and make duty appear worth the doing. From her poiut of view, going away had seemed to Rath the best possible oourse, aud she had braoed up her nerves, held down her heart, and taken it gallautly, Daring the ride op to the gap, the exeroiso, change, aud ber brother's society had made it relatively easy to hold thought quiescent. Nor had the next day beeu bad, for her kinswoman was delighted to seo her, and eager in tho interchange of inquiries and accounts of looal happenings. Hugh's return home made a break also, for direotions had to be given and messages sent to the servants. It was on the third day that the reaotion sot in heavily. Miss Randolph awoke with a blinding siok hoadaoho, for whioh the only remedy was absolute quiet in a darkened room. Sho was an intelligent woman and a good raconteur, with a fiue store of observation and experience to draw on, and the gift of illustrative and sympathotio expression.- The house eoctned strangoly silent without hor, and Ruth wandered about out adrift from hor own usual oooupations, aud with no others to take their pluoo. Tbie was misery's ohanoe, and it straightway availed itself, pouuoing down like a vampteo and driving its beak into hor heart with intent to suck tbeuoe the life- blood of oourage and hopo. Ruth had a very bad time of it, made worse by the strength and soundness of her own nature. Her oode was so simple nnd yet so unoom- promieiog : to love grandly, to trust generously, aud to follow tho diotates of consoiouoo without shirking or snbtorfugo — that was all of it. Euqugb, too, to givo body nnd substanoe to suffering as well as to joy. Wearily and insistently sho went over it all, love playing the gamut from exaltation, through wonder and pain, to renunoiation, lingering misorably over the minor chords until life seemed a dirge and strained heartstrings the fit instrument whereon to play it. And tha. tho pain was all neodloss did inot make it oha bit loss Sard to endure. To" ber it was real and tangible, and the thought that it might bo unnecessary never entered ber mlud. ' In tho afternoon the innnte gallantry of her nature reasserted' itself, imposing a DeoeBsity for notion. The atmosphere of the Bilent house Beemod to smother hor, and sho ordered her horse. She must get out into the open and exoroiso and weary hor body, so that brain and heart might find relief in physioal needs. An unaoknowlodged sentiment had oausod Rath always to uso gray oloth for her habitB, but Bhe had yielded te convention ality in tho matter of head gear. On this trip, however, she had worn Jaok's slouoh hat, partly from unexplained impulso, and purtly from deliberate effort at renewal of old assooiation. For the latter . reason entirely, she rode a descendant of Lapwing and woro tho wonder-witoh'a ring. On the way to the gap she had kept tho talk on war topios, encouraged Hugh to reminisoenoo, and even drawn from the olosot of memory and dastod hor own wild esoapade. Tho past, in very trnth, was hers, und in it, to her knowledge, was no other woman. So now, in her ride of unrest, she in stinctively tarned her horse in the direction of the old frame house whioh had witnessed the olimax of her adveuturo. It was situated several miles from MiBB Randolph's, and during Ruth's former visits had always been ocoupied, so that, although she had passed it oooasionally during the eighteen years, and was somewhat familiar with the exterior, she had never orossed tho threshold sinoo that old time of JFoderal oooupation. The situation was isolated, and after the death, many years, previous, of the owner, and the dispersion of his heirs, it had been impossible to get suitable tenants for tho old house, and it had gradually graded down, falling into worse and worse hands with eaoh renewal of oooapants. At the time of Ruth's last visit, three years before, it had beeu in possession of a lawless family of mountaineers, named Wakefield, a morose, evil lot, more than snspeoted of illicit praotioes. During this ooonpanoy the honae degenerated from mere unthrift and dilapidation into the unmistakable aspeot of disrepute whioh a house can acquire whon kept continually in bad company- it was snspeoted that the collars were used as a depot for contraband whiskey, bnt for a long time the suBpioion went unverified. Tho population thereaway was sparse, and the Wakefields were known to be keenly averse to interference, and, in both sexes, addicted to the swift use of fire arms, with great certainty of aim. (To be oontinned.) 