THE HERALD. ADELAIDE: JANUARY 14. 1899. SUICIDE. It is difficult for the happy man to understand suicide from deficiency of food, and still more so from mental distress. Our natural instinct is to call a man insane when of his own free will, and by his own act, he steps from life into death. Humanity resents his hurried exit as a slur on the good things of earth. He becomes a ghost at the banquet, and he is called " a coward" and " a lunatic." To know that when the sun was about to rise and shine on the churches, and Sunday had commenced, a noble heart cracked, stings us with self-reproach, although we refuse to blame ourselves openly for " man's inhumanity to man," and say— To run away From this world's ills, that, at the very worst Will soon blow o'er, thinking to inend ourselves By boldly venturing on a world unknown And plunging headlong in Hie dark !— 'tis mad ! Unfortunately the truth obtrudes itself upon us, even after the jury has given its time-worn verdict of " temporary insanity," and we cannot forget that a long series of painful days and hopeless nights preceded the sudden determi nation to "put an end to it." The final act may be a mad impulse; but the want of power to resist the tempta tion came from our own unnatural conduct. We call nature cruel, and speak of her as " red in tooth and claw," but she did not teach us the refinements of torture which we prac tise upon one another. We let men and women die of hunger, we slowly starve people to death by withholding from them sympathy and kindness, and when the maddened wretches carry their cases from a human tribunal to the tribunal we shall all have to face, we pretend to think that their " tem porary insanity" absolves us from the consequences of our own shortsighted ness and unkindness. No doubt the first symptom of madness is to lose touch with one's fellows, to stand apart, and feel that one is misunderstood and not wanted. Then begin the self-absorption and the super-sensitiveness which in time lead to melancholia, culminating in sudden acts of madness. If at such a time as this a man meets with some large souled, strong, warm-hearted individual he may be saved; if not, he thinks himself of no use, and ends by believing that those he loves best would be benefited by his exodus from a world in which he lias no place. For instance, an overworked, worried clergyman seeks his bishop, and lays his soul bare before the head of his profession. He may have followed too closely the example of Christ: he may, perhaps, have thought much of the poor while neglecting rich men's tables. It is possible he shed new light from the pulpit, was too large-minded, too generous to please a stiff-necked, stub born generation. He pleads his case. His bishop is silent. The good bishop, thanks to a worthy lady, has never been, financially or otherwise, at the mercy of public opinion, and does not grasp the situation. The clergyman goes away with despair in his heart and failure writ large on his con sciousness. He has helped the hungry and downtrodden, given his best thoughts to his congregation, and the result is financial worry, mental dis tress, and sleeplessness. He has recourse to narcotics, which increase his wretchedness. At last he hangs himself. What a sermon for all of us, and more especially for some of Ms own congregation ! " Deeds are the sons of God, and words His daughters;" and this poor j)rodigal son, tired of the husks we gave him, went in despair to lay his case before the High Court of the Universe. He stands there to-day as a witness against us, and with him are the men and women whose brains became disordered through mental pain and physical starvation. It is not for us to judge the suicide, to call him cowardly and vile, but to search and see how such rash deeds may be made impossible in a world to which Christ came nearly 2,000 years ago with a peace rescript. Society, capitalism, commercialism, all prate loudly of this peace rescript, knowing the while that the system they uphold but tends each day to increase the despair that ends in suicide. When, oh, when, will the change be allowed ? . Our columns record the death of two staunch unionists —Messrs. Creer and Waddell. Leader of Parliamentary Labor Party at Demo. Club to-morrow evening. The Labor Party Appreciated.— A farmer from the dry North country sends along seven shillings as a sub scription to " The Herald," and says : " I consider the Labor Party the true friends of workers, and the farmers are beginning to see that the Labor mem bers are their best political friends. This., coupled with the kind words of the Rev. Mr. Daddow which appear in another column in a letter from that gentleman, is cheering news, and goes far to prove that the Party's work is appreciated by different sections of the community, if not by the jealous and vitriolic scribes who sometimes trouble us. The truth is that the Party, not withstanding the bitter, unfair opposi tion and the malign influence of pretending friends, is fast gaming ground throughout the colony. The policy is clearly defined. There is no railsitting, and such portions of the policy as have received legislative . approval have been of great benefit to the colony, and reflect the highest credit upon Labor members. We have but to mention adult suffrage ; the Produce Department, which during the past two seasons has been of in estimable value to the farmer, who, when wheat failed, has resorted to the breeding of a few sheep ; the State Bank, that has saved hundreds of farmers from despair and ruin, possibly suicide, as three of the most important measures that have been practically forced through the Legislature by the Party, and which would reflect the highest credit on any parliament. The Party has certainly not been able to satisfy the craving of every individual who has a panacea for all ills in his pocket—he could not possibly have it in his brain. And further, many important reforms have been defeated owing to these self-same, one-idea gentlemen regularly supporting political opponents. But it has a record of which any party may well be proud, and we are certain that the great bulk of the people will agree and increase its strength at the next general elections. The Archbishop and the Labor Party.— Mr. Hutchison, M.P., de livered an able address in the Trades Hall on Wednesday last in connection with the Labor Party concert. An excellent report of his speech appears in the " Advertiser" of Thursday, but unfortunately the heading would make it appear that Mr. Hutchison had given a reply to the Archbishop's remarkable attack on the Labor Party. No reply was given or intended, for the reason that no reply is possible or necessary at the present time. Mr. Hutchison certainlv referred to the matter, but %> 1 only as any speaker who has the welfare of the workers at heart would do under similar circumstances. Im mediately following the Archbishop's address we called attention to the matter, and asked for an explanation. Until that explanation is forthcoming we fail to see the necessity for a reply. The Late Rev. L. Durno. — The Port Pirie " Recorder" of 11th inst., in a leading article, thus refers to the late rev. gentleman :—" In political matters he repeatedly showed that he was not . afraid to suffer for the sake of his principles, and we know that in espous ing the cause of the workers he did not advance himself in the estimation of some of the most influential adherents of his church. He was a staunch advocate of social reform, and unflinch ingly commended the efforts of those who are striving to improve the condi tion of the masses." Further comment is unnecessary, yet perhaps we shall not be misunderstood if we specially call the attention of some of our critics to the paragraph. 