[rEBLISHED DAILYr.] JUSr. TAXATION-ECONOMICAL iOVERNMIu2NT-', PERFiECT FRIDOM Or TRADE. TUESDAY, SEPT. 12, 1899. TO CORRESPONDENTS. Correspondents and contributors will oblige by not addressing matter for publication to individual members of our staff. Letters containing press matter should be sent to the Editor, or, if for our special columns, to' those in charge of them, as, for instance, "Flamingo," "Pakeha," "Argus," etc. All business communications, including advertisements, should be addressed to the Business Manager. Incredulity, astonishment, and indig nation were the feelings that were up. permost,and which followed each other in rapid succession, when the verdict in the Dreyfus case became known. It was recognised that the prisoner had been tried' by a military tribunal, which if it acquitted him practically condemned the chiefs of the general staff; and the hostility of the Presi dent, Colonel Jouaust, had been pro nounced from the commencement; but the evidence was so conclusive that Dreyfus was not the traitor that his acquittal was regarded as certain. Such is not the case. There is no such thing as justice in France. In order to save the generals the victim had to be immolated, and' the officers who formed the tribunal did not hesitate. The court has convicted Dreyfus of having communicated the contents of the Ibordereau to foreign Powers. Yet we have the highest representatives of those Powers denying that they ever had any dealings with the prisoner. Moreover, we have the confession of Esterhazy that lie fabricated the bor dereau, and, in addition, the judgment of the highest court in France endorsed that confession. On that'historic day in May last, when Paris was trembling with excitement over the verdict of the Court :of Cassation, M. Ballot Beaupre, its reporter, created a. pro found, sensation when 'he uttered the words, "Gentlemen, after a profound study of the question I for 'my part have come to the conclusion that the bordereau was written 'not by Dreyfus, 'but by Esterhazy." This conclusion' was supported by unquestionable testi mony, even to the use by Esterhazy of the particular kind of paper upon which the document was traced. Yet it was supposed to have been, on the pri soner's authorship of the ''bordereau that he was at first convicted. Literally it was not. The first court-martial would' have 'acquitted'.' him on that charge for lack of sufficient evidence had it not been for the 'secret dossiers exhibited to the members' of the court by the orders, of":he arch-villain, General Mercier. That dossier has been proved to lie 'a forgery; and' the forger, Henry, when his guilt became known, committed- suicide. Now we have the''second court:-martial falling back on the original charge. This the first court deemed inconclusive, the Court of Cassation. sthated it was false, and Esterhazy acknowledges it was his work; but the' second court-martial sw.eeps all this evidence aside, and has sentenced an innocent man to a second punishment of ten years' imprisonment in a fortress for treason. .. It is almost incredible. From one end of the civil ised world to the .other will go' up: a' cry .of shame at ..the crime which has been perpetrated.' .In no other country which has emerged from bar barism would a court of seven men he found to convict in face of such over whelming testimony. It is not a trial;: it is .a travesty of justice so flagrant that humanity stands aghast at the enormity and audacity of the crime. France is under the heel of a mili tary despotism. The ruling power is the military chiefs, whose word is law. An illustration of this occurred in July, 1898, when a soldier' was tried at Mlontmedy .for a breach of discip line. The colonel desired him to be sent to one of the penal companies in Africa, but the court-martial let him off. The next day the colonel, in an order of tlhe 'day, stated that he was unable to understand the de cision, and the document then ran: "The vote of the majority of officers who formed the court seems to indi cate a. spirit of opposition-which the chief of the corps cannot tolerate, and he is absolutely resolved, by means of his attitude towards 'the persbns in question, to compel them to suffer tfe consequences of a line of conduct which appears to have been intended to be opposed to the truly impartial'and rea sonable decisions of the commander. The officers in question will please take this to heart once for all." , Here we have the Dreyfus judgment foresha dowed. The chief of the corps con sidered the man guilty; the trial was to be a farce, and the officers who dared oppose their convictions to the will of the autocrat were told in plain language they would suffer for their contumacy. The order had been given' to condemn, and it was expected that it would be obeyed. This is, what has happened! at Rennes. The men who formed the court had evidently received their orders, and, like the moral cowards they were, they have obeyed them. The position of the un fortunate prisoner, handed over to the tender mercies of such men, is pitiable. The public know what his sufferings have been in the "Devil's Isle," and un less there is some further attempt made on his. behalf his future will be one long martyrdom almost too: horrible to contemplate. An appeal will doubt less -be made to the civil courts, but after this last exhibition of military power it is doubtful if it will be sued cessful. Whatever may be the feeling in France, the outside world' will refuse to accept the verdict. Evidences' of the righteous indignation it has created are observable in all quarters, and the significant expression of opinion from Alsace illustrates the feeling abroad. For centuries this province had been a loyal portion of France, and bitterly the inhabitants resented the result of the war which handed them over to Germariy. Now the last shred of al legiance has been severed, and the people express their satisfaction that they are no longer connected with a" nation whose escutcheon has been so foully besmirched. The men who brought about the condemnation of Dreyfus are fitting descendants of those who perpetrated'the crimes and excesses which accompanied the Revo lution. ' France by, this act will sink lower than ever in the estimation of the outside world., The revelations which have been made have proved that the Republic is' honeycombed with corruption, that those who occupy her. high': places are 'cowards and forgers, and until there is some upheaval which` will purify the atmosphere there will be little impirovement. The hope of the Republic is in such men as Zola, Gohier, Pressense, and Guyot. If they, can awaken the conscience of the na tion there may even' be hope for the unfortunate Dreyfus,to whom the heart of everyone, who loves justice and hates iniquity-will go out in profound sympathy. Truly he is the "martyr of the. century.? and republican justice stinks iln"the nostrils, of the multitude. The report of' the Chief Inspector of Stock,. Mr.: T.iA' Tabart, on the work ing of the Stock,' Rabbits. Destruc tion, and. Codlin Moth' Acts for 1899 is to hand, and supplies some interest. ing reading matter. Mr.' Tabart points out that the reduction in the periods of quarantine upon sheep 'imported from' England from 60, to 30 days must prove a decided boon' to -enterprising breeders, who are further encouraged by relief from the quarantine charge of £2 2s per head.. The quarantine upon' cattle it will also be remembered was brought,downi fromi sixty to forty days, with relief from the :charge, of £3 3s per head on 'pure stock for breeding Durposes. The cdncessions enumerated are given under certain 'conditions. which it is thought 'vill .adequately, protect Tasmania from the introduction of disease. Relative to the vexed question of' AUstralasiani quarantine, Mr. Tabart regrets having been com Delled to recommend 'the" Government to prohibit cattle, horses, hides, sheep, skins or 'wool being introduced into the.island from Queensland, consequent. upon parts of that province being in fested witi~ tick. Slwine from New Zea land are also pi'ohibited owing to af outbreak of swine fever :in: Otago, and the prohibition on Enliglish stock by vessels calling at South: African Dorts has been renewed, the, introduction of rinderpest being feaied. Mr. Tabart does not feel at all inclined to relax the quarantine whicih is enforced upon cattle from Australia, pleuro-pneu monia being the bogey.. The Chief Inspector, in fact, dreads this disease as a child does a ghost; it seems to haunt him. Instead of recommending'relax ation, he tells us he feels inclined to request the Goverilment 'to extend the present period of six months to abso lute prohibition.. This is fanatical talk; it is quite right to safeguard the interests of: the islanid to a reasonable extent, but to resort to absolute pro hibition would be nonsense-there is a medium in all things. It is gratify ing to note that the branding.section of the Stock Act is to be carried out in future,* and Mr. Tabart things if this is done stringently less sheep will be "un accountably" missing.. Relative to rabbit destruction, the Chief Inspector says the most successful reduction of the pest has been accomplished by the employment of permanent labour to de stroy over a certain prescribed area at yearly wages. He recommends that unoccupied Crown lands be inspected; and when rabbits are found to be numerous labour be employed to deal with them. He further advises that where trappers are employed and are marketing for their own benefit, they shall be compelled 'to perform their work all over the property simultaneously, and not be permitted to work only one or two favoured spots while they allow the pests to increase outside for their future profit. Mr. Tabart directs special attention to the successful .manner in which the Campbell Town district'is being cleared of rabbits. In his capacity of Chief Inspector under the Codlin Moth Act Mr. Tabart has something to say, but most of it has been said before. He dreads the in troduction of the San Jose scale now established in New South Wales, Vic toria, Queensland, and West Australia. It is to guard against this pest chiefly that the sudden regulations relative to. cuttings and trees-and, let us not for get, buttonholes-are from time to time. suddenly sprung upon 'unsuspecting passengers from the mainland. The ir repressible codlin moth still gives trouble, and Mr. Tabart strikes hard-at certain of the fruit boards, some of the members of which he contends do not hesitate to. break the law. On the other hand some boards are perform ing their work satisfactorily and ex hibiting energy in dealing. with the pest. 