Short Story. Thfc Minister's Ghost Story, — • — "Good-night, "bairns! M'lvor, see that they a* gang to bed at a reasonable boor, and dinna sit ap late yessei'. The mom's the Fast Day, mind,- and ye've to preach.** WJthese words vthe Rev. Dugald M'Kinnon took his candle, and beamed round on the company. " Gteod night, sir ! Good - night, father 1" they responded, with much, deference. "No, we won't stay up Tate." The door closed, and the old gentleman's footsteps were heard ascending the stairs. "Now, Mr. M'lvor," said one of the girls, eagerly; '"remember your promise." ^ • " Certainly," Miss Janet." answered tiie gentleman, rising with much gravity. 441 intend to sit a few minutes later myself, but I,,promised to see the rest of you off.' .lam glad," he continned. pro-; ceedlng to light the candles, "that Miss Janet should be the one'to call me to a sense of-— " Fiddlesticks." said Janet a tall, bright-faced "girl in a dress of soft crimson, which suited her admirably. She was sitting on a low .stool before the fire, trying to shield her flushed cheeks from the blaze with a huge crimson Japanese fan. " Don't 'be a humbug. Mr. M'lvor; you know what I mean—that ghost story you promised to tell us." " Do tell It, Mr. M'lvor "I'd rather hear about pirates," said Bobby M'Kinnon. a schoolboy of 12. "Ghosts are such awful rot" "Then you can go to bed," retorted Janet. "I'll do nothing of the kind." said Bobby, much insulted. "Go to bed yourself." " You may remain if you behave yourself,!* said Janet, surveying him calmly. " Mr. M'IrOr, I shan't leave the room until you have told that story." "Is It the will of the company that their young blood be frozen and curdled In darkness ? Itisareal ghost, remember." "How delicious/' murmured one of the girls, " Very well. Don't blame me if you can't sleep to-night" ^ . He extinguished the lamp *ig he spoke. , and resumed his seat The firelight played on Ms dark face, and he looked with his spare form, thin, keen features, and great hollow eyes like a Romish priest worn out with fasting and penance. There was a pause, during which the coWP*W ftt. silent and 'expectant,"" and s JJfJofng ffiiqisje^ gazedj-at the fire as lfrfl^cmate^ by; something he saw there., At last he drew a long breath." "You know; what eecondsJjjlit is," he t>epan. turning his melancholv eyes on Joev Keith, the girl who thought real ghosts delicious. She shuddered slightly. ; " I possess that doubtful gift," he went «n in a quiet, serious voice. ; " Apparitions. ghostly coffins, shadows of funerals—all these things I have seen, often, in, my own parish. Many times I have heard the tapping of hammers «nd sawing of wood in the carpenter's •hop after bis day's work was done, telling that death was coming Three h*ara-&t;£never<fiails/'' * death k the ,'vVC sounds are " The speaker paused, and his audience shivered and sat a littlo closer. " Tt 5s just a year "since T went to prnich for Alexander of Barnstrae. Thpre is nothing at all suggestive of the mi noma tural aboijt either him or his hot the manse was big and eerie, f«II of drausrhty corrictors and wide ^hadbeen an old mansion, 9 Wfr. *oniieeted with It, Alexander said, but he Would not tell ft that night We sat talkinsr over old dkfsr'he and I; until lofi'g*past mklnisrlit. Then we lit our candies, ; and Alexander .led the way to my room.' I should have had difficult^ in'finding the way myself, for it was Hip a wide staircase and alohg a corridor rwifh a' number of doors on either side. I trod «oftly. fearing to disturb the household, imt Alexander assured me the caution was unnecessary. alone in that part ^ ti^ ^^e. l am not a' nerVousi tnan. but I should have preferred <#ie ori'ia two i s My iiroom was-|it th4 •very e n dfjfa corridor—a cfifeerfiilv •payment ^"isW^rtiM^ liii bnt^Lt thijtSiounwIth the mOonliirht g e scything,. " I «aid good-night to and. It ft Hnced : looking ~ * A besran to look over my sermon, xnen 1 selected the Psalms to be, sung; and had Just fixed on three, when I felt a sodden 'rush of cold air, and looked' up. As surely as I am sitting: here—as sorely as you are listening-—c ; ' Ian M'lvor raised his hand Impressively and looked round with an unearthly light in his eyes. " The d<M>ropened slowly, and a woman glided In " Joey Keith shrieked and hid her face on .Thief's shoulder. " I thought ¥ had locked the door; but evidently I was mistaken, and I conceded that this was^ one of the maids walking in her sleep I lay back on.my pillows and watched the intruder, hardly daring to breathe lest she should turn and-see me, for the thought of her suddenly waking and finding herself in my room was embarrassing. Then in a moment the truth flashed upon me, for in the clear moonlight I saw her plainly. I had drawn up the blind ; and while my bed was in shadow, by the window it was almost as light as day. This was no -servant Her long, beautiful hair was unbound, rippling in golden waves below her waist. Her dress was loose and flowing, of some shimmering white stuff—it minded me of ' White, samite mystic, wonderful.' Once she turned her face towards me—a beautiful face, but pale and drawn with anguish.? and the eyes wide with horror. I tried to move or speak, but limbs and tongue were paralysed. She moaned piteously and wrung her hands ; then, to my horror, glided to the window and threw it open with a terrible cry. There was an answering cry—the wailing of a little child outside. The woman threw'out her arms with a despairing: gesture, and the loose sleeves fell back, disclosing their exquisite shapeliness. She would have flung herself from the window, but was held back—the horror of it—by hand. I saw it distinctly, and a shadowy arm, nothing else. I; think I realised then something of what Belsliazzar must have felt when he saw the fingers that wrote—mene, tekel. upharsin "Then the moon went under a cloud" —and Ian's voice sunk to a whisper— 41X saw that my candle was burning with a blue flame. My hair stood on end. I would have given all I possessed to find myself in the study downstairs, but I could neither move hand nor foot, and if I could, who knows what I might haveseen in that long corridor. Those empty rooms—I dared not pass them! I lay back/ helplessly watching that tragedy of bygone days. "Tliere was another awful cry. and again there came the pitiful wailing from outside, fainter than before, and dying away in the distance. To this day, when I read of Rachel mourning for her children, Jthat cry rings in my ears. There seemed to be a struggle, the window was forcibly closed, the woman sank on the floor with hands clasped and the beautiful face upturned in'agony. Then the moon shone out' and slowly the vision faded/' There was a long silence when Ian had finished speaking. Then Janet spoke. " Who was she ? What was her story, Mr.M'Iver?" . "Alexander, told me the storv nest day. Margaret Elliot of Barnstrae. a beautiful and high-spirited girl fell in love with and secretly married her brother's tutor. When the marriage was discovered he was in Edinburgh preparing a home for hie wife, and on his return there was a terrible scene, for Mrs. Elliot was another Ladv Asliton, She told him that his wife had been sent to a French convent, and the poor fellow, mad with grief, went abroad in search of her. It was a falsehood/ of course. Margaret never left Jier mother's chouse alive. Her little child was taken away one night and Margaret in despair tried to throw herself from the wihdowtof that very room I slept in. She dild soon after of a broken heart. It all happened long ago—last century. I believe." V^Pfeor girl," said Joey, ioftly J C " *i? $. * bit about the feiiidle y burning' k e blue," h a t said Janet pensively: " ft made me creep." Bol>by " ® ghost," %ald " Hush!" JlG Id H said k C t o Ivor, s e e holding up a warning hand. " What is that ?' X. the .sound of soft footsteps on the stair. The girls looked at each other fearfully, an&d; the poker with one hand \- fmSrasped and th^ew Joey ^scMame^^aild^^^^^fell ^f&iiiii;^ In ifiS^jS^-' -i? gently, deposited V «oxn<6tlifng : .^w.'.ptot'- ^ t h i n k i n gwas "Who is that?* Ian demanded, " M'lvor, is that you,?' ^lid^Tqiliiyeritr yoice ^Mtt jihe A&rkneaf;} t ;i< • claimed Ivor. Vending over a neap at the foot,of the.stairs. / lafr dropped the poker and struck a light andi Janet followed him into the passage. v she ejaculated In dismay It was the Rev. Don-aid M'Kinnon, in nightcap and dressing-gown: with ail pne.hand,stick Til "thS other, and a large japanned teatray on the top of him. uTJ®^ Tfeet and tooik him old into gentleman the room to his to w o v e n • "Vm1 aj right bairns," he said, when M. Imd been revived with a-mouthful of whisky,. ^ ^ ^ yon downstairs, fa-ther ?" aBked Janet, hovering over him affecftionately with the bottle. ," J heard voices, my dear, and thought it was burglars. Then, when I got to the foot of the stair I, tripped on the cat -and knocked over the trav " "The cat! That accounts'for the awful yell," said Ian. -I didn't know whether it was Bobby or the "host" ing "Where round. is Bobby ?" said Janet, look- . "/oey, dear, wake up! The ghost is having some whisfcv, and voti had better ljave some too." "'Gljost!" repeated M'Kinnon. I wonder ye havena mair sense. .Tanet Eh ! What's fhat ? There's n* man behind th4 ^iirfcain > M!Ivoh" exclaimed the old gentleman, pointing with srreat excitement • to . th# ..crimson damask, wliioh appeared to be inu^h agitated. " There is some one there." ronlied Ian. deliberately rising and going to the window; There was a howl from behind the curtain as he proceeded to unmask tiie ruffian. It was the valiant Bobby, crouched in a corner, with his fingers in his ears. " Bobby ! What d'ye mean by sic like cantrips r\ demanded his father, indignantly. Bobby exclaimed with a scarlet countenance that he thought it was one of Mr. M*Ivor*s coffins, and that he felt a natural reluctance to occupy it prematurely. "Coffins! The Saddle's droaming. said the old (gentleman, scandalised. M " What way are ye no in bed. Bobby ?" " I congratulate you on the success of your story. Mr. M'lvor," said .Tanet ta»» You have frightened ' evervbodv " into I fits. " I wonder at ye. M'lvor. and the morn the Fast Day," said the old minister. in a tone of mild reproach. "They woiuld have it, stir," said Ian, apologetically. "Never mind, father." jsaid .Tanet, saucily. " we'll do penance to- morrowrwe'll all go twice to church." "Ye've muckle need." was the dry response. "M'lvor. light the candles —I'll see ye a' oot this time." Ian obeyed, and the procession formed and filed out of . the room, ^headed by the old gentlemah and, Bobby—the latter much subdued. " We on3y .want surplices, to look like a pl-bcessJon of priests and acolytes," said Janet, laughingly. "Don't you feel like one. tan " Not I," he replied, promptly. " I wouldn't be a Roman Cathodic priest nnder exiting circumst:mces"—he looked at .Tanet—" for any consideration." jJanet turned round* impatiently. ' " Come along. .Toey. it's time you were vF'iH\ tha^. .white face. Mr. "^rivor, 1 'hope " we shan't dream of the srp|d^n rliaired Margaret." " 1 hope not, .Tanet." he replied, with a smile, "'p^od-night. Miss -Toey" —then. lri a lower tone— the lady of my dreams will not k< have srolden is x ..•; . - : s 'It 'wOuld have vheen unreasonable to complain : .lust r then of Miss Keith's lack of colouir.'"• ' ' • -' "lapodrnight., 1 ; fM'Ivor." she said. wiiAlavsudiaen.? lovely; snwle. •' 1 shall never, as Jong f as , I live; forget this night, or yotire story, or-^—" < "Or what. (Mi^ss .Toey ? No, not till you finish your sentence!" for she was trying to regain possession of her hand. She looked round; half- frightened. They were quite alone on the landing. ' "Or — The Is were hardly audible. ''Joey 1" :: • .V •••' /V. "' 'But' Joey had vanished.—By Strong,; in the " People's Friend." J. 