complete story. •[rDBLISHED BY EPKCIAL AnRAXOEJIEST.] A QDIET LODGER, I DOROTHEA GERARD, Author or "Lady Babr," "An Arranged Marriage," Ac., Sx. [corvniour.] humour. At the g: very last call -rjr' ;nr.dr» she had ^ T heard a vctr turbine: niece ^ news. it ^ irum Fanny Kockius that shi 1 £$ had heard it. ^ indeed everything she. ever heard y i.ume frc-m that ?, quarter, for Fanny H o e k i n s, the \--/£% i.hildlesH wife of a 'tFtfiF u-cll-to-do trades S&* roan, who had been associated in \ business with Mrs. r Diunurt's own de funct husband, seemed to liveouly x?; for the gatlieringin and dispersing 01 stan di ling information. No matter who came to see Mr?. Hockins it waft ten to one that he would come away tbe richer by at tot one piece of news, concerning at least one of lux bo&om; friends. Aud so it had been to-day. 411 should advise you to keep a lookout on that boy .of yours/* she had emphatically re roamed. "ItVin every mouth that has quite gone on the Harrison woraau" lf 44 And who is she? " ask/d the old woman £ in trepidation. it " Oh, she's tl»o widow ot John Harrison, c who was in the coffee line. Her fortune Js r-all right, no doubt, but it people arc to be [-believed—such people as Charley Craigley, | for instance—her name isn't anything of the If'sort. Charlie talks of her lis having bren '{• very—well, light in her conduct, and ao far as S, I know yon, the fortune wouldn't ina.be up ? ; j-for the nam?, would it ? " : y'44 b'ood gracious, no ! " exclaimed Mrs. :i jtiDinnart, aghast, Her peii'i ileal visits to c ;c;;Xondon always flurried her a little, after the ••deep peace of her country home, and now :->,this crowning agitation on the top of it! ; The idea of Ned even dreaming of marry tring.a person of that sort. I could never (\think of consenting to it. Of course I shall speak to Ned immediately." t ! t: litis, however, had not proved possible, for the revelation had taken place within the last half-hour of Mrs. Dinnart*s sojourn in town, and the Charing Cro»s station, whither Ned j |Ldutifully vccompanied his mother, was not the | 1* place for so serious an explanation. There was, therefore, nothing for it but to wait for ' Ned's next visit, which uid not take place for a fortuighl later, for the young man, who had j i stepped into the business >hoes of his dead! 1 father, was too keen at his work to te liberal | with bis own holidays. | During the interval of suspense that fol £ lowed, Mrs. Dhiur.ri's servants had occasion £ for "remarking that their mistress's temper i|. was shorter thau usual, and that the plump j| 5°^ lively old lady neither took any pleasure £ in tho trim and orderly garden, nor bustled about her pretty and "twmy cottage as was her wont. Even the hist of the dnlilias wore tallowed to rot on their stalks, and, quite con itrary to her habit, to litter the beds with their ^falling petals, instead of brightening the 'rooms indoors. Mrs. Dinuart came of a stock j in.which Respectability, with a big initial, j y fltcod before all other virtues; and wherever y she went, and whatever she did during this Is. fortnight, the image of that ♦* light" duugh 3 tcr-in-law, with which she felt herself r threatened, came between her and her peace. * . r expected day came at last, but instead I lightening of her cares, it brought with conflrmatiou from Nod's own lips. L 14 mother, it is porfocti}' true," he said. ^ with unhesitating cheerfulness, in answer to jyjervety first question. "My happiness is 2; bound up with Bessie Harrison, and I meant f to tell you so to-day, at any rare. I wanted -/to moke sure first that I had a ehauce, so I r.spoke to her on Thursday, and—well, now Our engagement depends oulv on \\*ourcou j? sent." y'' .^d was a fine young fellow of twenty- five, Kl 11 wonderfully fresh colour for a business man, and he looked his mother straight in the & as he spoke. ;4 441hatyou shah «.»»«., v r'oargt from the peppery eld huly. . .tearo, nil about this Mrs. Harrison, s all never have," came in u I have and I toil 2 you Uiat sooner than see you married to this I would rather never again see vour itface." ^ve ^l-ard nil about her," repeated jj 5*fea, astonished. 44 and from whom on earth, r, *' From Funny ITockins, and most provi Joenbul it is that I happened to look in there B on my way to the Nation." Ned's still boyish lips curled scornfully. " And what has she been daring to say of my Bessie ?" Your Bessie I Oh, Ned I" Mrs. Din nart*s round fuce grew dark red ut this audacity. "You surely won't go on callm her your Bessie, when I toll you that Fanny Hooking has heard the mast shocking talcs of her from a Mr.—Mr. Craiglev, I think he was called." This time there came a rather ugly look into Ned's blue eyes. "Yes, that's what he's called, sure enough," he said, grimly. "I might have known that there woh bound to be sornethinir of the sort. I know the man, mother, and I'll t.ll you why he throws mud at Bessie: it's because she has refused him and because he's a sneak. But the mud can't stick on Bessie; she's as honest a woman as ever lived—I pledge you my word for that, mother—and the only otic whom I shall ever wish to make my wife." "Never with mv consent!" retorted Mrs. Dimmit, -ti;l in the bright of the excitement into which she had worked herself. "All this only shows yctir infatuation, your utter iuoli«.hue>s." '* But mother, if you would only l:sKn to "No, no, uo!" And the irascible little woman actually dapped her hands over her ears in order to shut out the list of Mrs. Harrison's virtues, which she felt sure on the point of pouring from Ned's lips. She did not waut to hear than, and she disbelieved them all in advance; for the impressions made in this old lauy's somewhat impulsive iniiid were apt to he as testing as they m instantaneous, and Mrs. H.irrifon having been presented to her imagination at first sight as n "light woman," had a good chance of remaining so to thn end, oven in the face of fairly strong proofs to the contrary. *• And is this your last-word, mother?" asked Ned, who had lost a little colour. " Do von ah?o!utelv refuse to sanction our engage " Absolutely and entirely. Since you are too blind to judge for yourself, I must judge for you." * N'Vd appeared to be reflecting. "Very well," he said after n minute, and speaking more quietly, " I shall waif." "For what?" " For your consent. 1 know I shall gain it in time.* Of course yon kaow as well us I do that I don't need it legally, hut I don't mean to marry without it—in fact I promised father not to—so I shall j ist wait. Bessie will understand." • "You'll have to wait a long time," said Mr*. Dinnart, with an attempt atTt sneer, of which, however, her unsteady voice made a lament able failure. "That may be," replied Ned, who had quite recovered his temper by this time. Gool-night, mother, I'm off for a cigar." During the remainder of his two days' visit the momentous subject was not again touched upon, for Mrs. Dinnart, although consumed ! by the desire of returning to the charge, felt baffled by her son's quiet cheerfulness una obvious determination to avoid the sore poirit. It was only on Mbuday morniug, mid with j i only five minutes tb spare for the catching of , 1 his'train. that she found courage to make! another effort. | " Have you considered what I told yon the; other uav, Ned?" she blurted out at the hist moment. "Doyou still hold to your res&lve; of sticking to that woman ?" ii If by 4 that woman you moan uessi? Harrison," replied Ned rcadilr, 44by all means—ye*, i haven't changed ray mind since Saturday. Never mind, mother, it'll come all right in the end, I know it will! " With that hewiisgotie, leaving Mrs. Dinnart in an almost desperate state of mind. Ned bad always puzzled her and sometime* frightened her. although she had nerer heard even one harsh word from his lips. It was Grange ho-.v he managed to he both an ideally dutiful son, and yet invariably to have his own way. It had been so since he was u little bov, but it should not be so this time—so Mrs. Dimmrt told herself. Nod, meanwhile, was >pecding towards town, thoughtful, but scarcely crestfallen. He was too well acquainted with his mother's temper, her impulses and her tongue, to take any of these things for more than they were worth, and he kucw the golden heart which lay at the bottom of it ail, far too well, even to think of despairing. Despite liis twenty live and her sixty years, he was, in fact, far the more reasonable person of the two, having iuherited his father's easy temper together with his clear right and cool head. Dating from this point the intercourse between mother and son, although present ing to the uninitiated no outwardly per jeptible difference, became in rcaiity i species of dumb duel. To Mrs. Dinnart, personally, an open dispute would have been far more congenial, * but it was impossible to quarrel with Ned when he uid not want to. Dining the whole of the ensu tig winter Mrs. Harrison's namo was not igain mentioned between them, but each knew quite well that she was in the other's mind wnonevcr they mor, and just as Ned saw by the set of bis mother's obstinate little mouth that she bad not yielded one inch •»» ground, so could Mrs. Dinnart, right through the midst of his filial attentions, and despite his almost ostentation* good humour, read his unmoved allegiance to the widow quite plainly in his eyes. If lie bad bis father's fortunate temper, be also btul a fair share of hismother'sunfortunate tenacity, which, how a largo admixture of common sense bad in this easo raised above Iho level of mere obstinacy. It was the spring which at last wrought a change in the situation. Something had occurred to Mrs. Dinnart, while winding up her monthly accounts, whose size was apt to disturb her economical mind. To be sure she had m» real cause for anxiety, seeing that her children were provided for, and the business doing well; but it lay in her nature to he a* conscientious about money matters as she wis I particular about people's reputations, and to-! day it had come into her bead that it could j not bo right for her to spend so much on her- 1 self, being only an old woman, who ought to have no wants. Fortunately Ned had announced a visit for the next day. so the impulse could oo acted upon immediately—as, in fact, was usually the c:iso with Mrs. Dinnart's impulses. "Ned," she began that night at dinner, "I have been thinking that it would bo an excellent plan for ino to let the two rooms at the back for the summer. The house is twice too big for me since Amelia is gone"—Amelia was Nod's only sister, who was mtrried last summer—" and I don't see why I shouldn't save a little money that way for flower seeds.'* Ned began by demurring. His mother had : no need for saving, he maintained in a some- i what aggrieved tone: she could afford her flotvor seeds without letting her rooms. Bat, us usual, Mrs. Dinimrt stood to her point. - i "It's not only the siving," she artfully ^ insisted, "but it wmrd be nice to have a little companionship now that Am:*Ha is gone, for, of course, I would only take a single lady, and only if sho suits me. It has oc- i cuvrcd to mo that you might find me the sort of lodger I want, cither among your own acquaintances or among the acquaintances of your aiqunitiUnees. Von kr.ow sn-h a lot of people in London, and it would bo safer than advertising. But mind, it must be a thoroughly quiet lodger, and, of course, one whose respectability is quite above suspicion. I can't have anyone with children cither, or with dogs; forth-y'iigathermy flowers and dig holes in my walks. In fact it m'K be some body who gives no trouble of any kind. Do you think you can find me a lodger of that sort. Ned?" " Well, I'll look about," said Ned. who seemed to have dropped his original objection to the plan. Ned did look about, with the result that the early summer brought a new inmate to the cottage. This was n ?»Trs. Brown, a brown-cved, sweet-faced brunette, whose irentle voice and modest bearing impressed Mrs. Dintiart most favourably at first sight. Nor was the impression a merely transitory one, for, as the weeks advanced, the old lady was fain to acknowledge to herself that not only in the particulars of being childless and dogless, but in every other point as well. Mrs. Brown entirely fulfilled her idea of "a quiet lodger." Not only did she give nc trouble at all, but even her tastes seemed to correspond most fortunately with those of Sirs. Dinnart. Besides^ bring just as fond of gurdeninsr as the old lady, she turned'out to be familiar with several new sorts of crochet stitches, and, best of all, possessed a remarkable capa bility for listening- for hoars at a time to stories of the defunct Mr. Dluuart's savings and doings, as well as to anecdotes dariuir from the nursery days of Amelia and Ned. It was only in answer to questions that she ever spok- about herself, and what she then told Mrs. Dinnart was calculated to raise her yet more in tun: lady's estimation. JCkc daughter of a distinguished, but impecunious, ofticcr, she had married at seventeen, by the wish ot her parents, a ntan much older than herself. When she awoke to the reality of her situation it was too late to do anything hut console herself with the thought that she hadsavedher family fromsturvation. .Although she did not say so, it was pretty clear to Mr.*. Dinnart that 3fr. .Brown's death had been rather a dolivcrunco than a loss to the young girl-widow, who at twenty-three stood alone in the world. It was not likely that she would stand alone for very, long, reflected Mrs. Dinnart, as she gazed upon the fresh young face. Mrs. Brown herself bad hinted at the existence of admirers, when she confided to Mrs. Dinnart that she greatly preferred a quiet home in the country, like this, to all the worry of town life, where a young woman in her position could not help getting exposed to various ; inconveniences. Mrs. Dinnart understood and approved. It was exactly the line of thought which she would expect from a thoroughly respectable young woman. 'In fact Mrs. Brown came so thoroughly up to her standard in every point that, before a fortnight had clapped, Mrs. Dinnart, whoso likings were as rapidly and as violently formed as her disliking**, actually inquired after her lodgers Christian name, and from this point onward "Elsie*1 counted no more us a ledger, but rather ranked as a sort of daughter. Why should she not become her daughter j in reality? The idea came to Mrs. Dinnart one fine June afternoon, as she sat with her crochet-work among the rose bushes, watch ing DLsie Brown busily weeding a flower bed. Itfwas rather a bold idea in the circumstances, but so long as Ned had not actually married that other most objectionable widow there was still room for hope. Unless he was iufum.ired bcvuud all re;ison it was scarcely conceivable that he should resist the gentle charm of .Mrs. Diuuartks new bosom friend—Mrs. Dinnart, at least, couli not concoi He had never met Mrs. Brown—so she had understood from the letter which suggested this " acquaintance of an acquaintance" as a lodger. Well, lie must meet her with the least possible delay, decided the wily old lady, and immediately sat down to pen a note to Ned. For some time past he had been obdu rately opposed to the idea of a holiday, and in onler to ensure his hiking this one Mrs. I Dinnart actually went so far as to assert that she had recently noted some very alarming symptoms in her own health, and that she felt it tier duty to have a business talk with her sou. This brought Ned rushing down from town in a real* fright, speedily quieted, kow 'cver, bv the sight of the blooming face of his I mother* who explain*! with a little ombarrass ! meat that it had only been a passing attack which had alarmed her for the moment. ••Thert I suppose we needn't liar* the busi ness talk?" rem irked Ned, with something of a sly twinkle iu his eye. "I don't think there is any special hurry aljout it. There are ro many other things to talk about now that I've got you here at last." "Ah!" said Ned, enigmatically. "By i the way, how does your lodger answer?" he inquired after a moment. "Haven't you quarrelled yet?" "Quarrelled! Oh, my dear Ned!" Mrs. Dinnart jrrew scarlet with emotion. This was exactly the opening she required, and for j five consecutive minutes there poured from her lips an uninterrupted hymn of prai**. of ! which the subject was Mrs. Brown. Nod j listened coolly, lighting a cigar the while, for [ they were strolling about the garden. I " And she's not only an angel, but also a ; beautiful angel," was Mrs. DInnarfs closing i-fcntenee. " You never saw such eyes as she | has, and the heart of a child with it all: j You never did a better stroke of business, j Ned, than when you procured me this : lodger!" i "It almost seems so," assented Ned, a ! little dryly. " Bat 1 say. mother, aren't you | layiusr ou the colours a trifle too thick?" I "Wait till rou see her!" was Mis. Diu : nan's triumphant rejoinder. : But when he did see her, which was im mediately before dinner, Mrs. Dinnart had to own to a feeling of disappointment. Ned did not seem in the least astoai-hed by the beauty of the young widow; neither could the anxious mother catch his eye resting upon her even once during the whole cour-.e o£ dinner. ; It was stiil more disappointing when the i I same evening ho announced his intention of■ ; returning to town next day. Since his mother} bad recovered, there was no further reason! for wa-ting so much business time in the j " But Ned. yon can't :r.?an that:" cried ! iTrs. Dinnart, aghast. " I have told Mm. j Brown that you are staying for a week, and j it would look so rude. What do von think of her, by-the-bye ? U she not lovely ?" i "Not bad looking," replied Ned, with ! ho.trt-rending equanimity, i ^ Finally he consented to a concession of two t days, which time was spent by Mrs. Dinnart f h* weaving a net of contrivances for leaving | the yonng people together. Not with much [ success, however, for however often she re , turned to the bouse to fetch hercrochet-work, : or trotted out into the garden to count the ! roses that had opened since yesterday, she was ^certain to be followed in u few ininafes by Ned, who seemed bent on enjoving his mother's society to the full. ! The parting between him and the lodger at the end of the two days ,was as formal and : frigid as had been their introduction. Hav | tug watched his departure from the window,' | Mrs. Dinnart would have liked best to sit • down aud cry. ; 44 It's all that other woman !'" she ! muttered, furiously. 44 He's got her in his j head still—hussy ! What will Elds think of : him, running off iti this way j That same day, Mrs. Dinnart attempted to ; find out what Elsie thought of him. bv bring ' ing out some apology for Ned's" abrupt departure. ! 44 All the business iies on the poor boy's • shoulders, now that bis lather is gone,*' she explained. 4'And he's too conscientious to miss even a day, if he can help it." Mrs. Brown said nothing, but Mrs. Dinnart seemed to catch the sound of a parsing sigh. That was enough to tell her what Mrs. Brown thought of Ned. The days that followed made her foci still surer of it, for unless she was very rnurii mistaken, the quiet ! lodger was daily becoming even quieter and ! less talkative than was her wont. The im j predion which she so much wished to bring j about had evidently been made—on one side, i though alas, not on the other. ! Surmises were turned to certainty one ex ' quisite summer evening, which the old and ! the young widow were spending in the little (wooden summer-hens;, which stood at the i end of the garden. It was past the hour of | bed-time, but an almost tropical night had j tempted the two women out after dinner, anu, : once in the garden, the charm of starlight {and of rose-scented air held them captive. 4i How good a wees or two of this sort of I thing would be for Ned I" exclaimed Mrs. IDinuart. after a long silence. ''To think of him in that stuffy Loudon at this time of • year!" | * ''But I suppose Mr. Dinnart will visit you | agaiu later our" Mrs. Brown timidly inquired. 1 "Shall I send for him to-morrow r" asked i the old lady, with a sly glaLce into the other's face. " Ob, please do!" said Mrs. Brown quickly, | and then stopped short, blushing furiously, :,41 mean, of course, that it would be nice for 1 you to .see him, and " i * But Mrs. Diimart's arm bad already slipped ' round her lodger's waist. \ "No, no, you don't mean that a bit!" she •whispered, emphatically. "It's just you , who want to see him, and for his mvn sake, j Come, Elsie! Don't be too prudish to flatter • a foolish old woman's vanity ; my Nod is a Itiue lad, isn't he? and you would like to see him here agaiu ?'* Mrs. Brown's face was by this time hidden in Mrs. Diunart's shoulder. <4 Well, yes," she whispered, almost in audibly : 44 since you have guessed it I will not deny tint Neil, I mean Mr. Dinnart, has made a great impression on me, and that I don't think I shall ever be able to forget him gain. w*4She calls him Ned," noted Mrs. Dinnart, mentally. " It's gone further than I sup posed." solemnly. cau get him fcr you—aud I rather think I can." 41 But what are you going to do r" askcu Mrs. Brown, 4iVou surely cannot suppose I that I want to irv»rr/ any man against his will, nud you saw how co!d he was towards j me." "Leave everything to me!" was 3Irs. Dinuart'a comprehensive reply, and beyond that sho declined to go. A very few days later Ned was hack at the cottage, and apparently rather put out at th' repeated summonses. "What is the matter now, mother?" he asked the moment they were alone. "You haven't had another attack, have you? Is the badness talk to conie off this time?" Bat it was another sort or talk which 3frs. Dinnart intended to have to-day, fur she had made up her mind to a somewhat desperate course of anion. Her sinxiety to secure tht daughter-iu-Uw on which she had set hej heart, and by so doing save Ned from tLi clutches of that other "person" who«« image hautited her like a bad dream, had for the moment overcome all scruples, and the result was that this uncon scientious old woman violated the con fidence of the young one, and theu and there told Ned of the impression he had produced on her model lodger, pleading her cause with all the warmth of her nature, and not for | getting to mention that Mr. Brown had left i ilrs. Brown very comfortably off indeed. Ned did not interrupt her trace while she spoke, but busied himself with pulling off .-ingle leuv.es of the Canadian viae near him — for this interview wai taking place, too. in the summer house—and keeping bis face turned away from his mother. She waited breathless for his answer. " This is very flattering," he obs-.tved at last ia an inscrutable voice. Then he paused for a moment and appeared to be reflecting. " And would it r.-uily make you happy it I married your lodger f" he inquired pre sently, stilt be?7 with the vine leaves. He was assured of this tact in a torrent of irlowin? language. " Eat you must lot m? think over it/' •♦Xot for long, Ned, I implore you; just think of her suspense! -Ah, there she comes bc-rself by the ivy walk; .-he will have to pass by here. I will escape from the other side, and leave you to have it oat with her alone.** And before he could eveu utter a protest the active little woman had slipped out by the ; door and disappeared in ;h: 'direction of the hoti«e. For a fnll half-hoar Mrs. Dinnart waited in her sitting-room with f*s:-b:ating heart, wondering what was going on in the summer house, and jealously watching the garden cntraxice. At length, with a jovial exclamation, she started to her feet, brum the direction of "the summer-house Xeu was to be seen approaak ; rag, and within his arm lay the delicate white hand of her protege, while he looked down into her iaee and riio up into his in a manner in which it is only legitimate tor engaged couples to lock. Within that same week Mrs. Dinnart paid one ox her periodical visits to town, this time with the agreeable object of making some preliminary purchases for the trousseau. As usual she wound up with a call on Fanny Hoc kkiA ♦'So it** come to that, after all," were tha word- wiili which she was greeted. "Xed is going to marry that 3frs. Harrison whomX warned you against last year? '* ♦♦Mrs. Harri>o:i **' echoed rhe visitor aghast. «• Nothing of the sort! It is a Mrs. Brown whom Xed is engaged to." 44 Harrison-Brawn—yes, that's the name. I daresay she found it more convenient to drop the first part wheu making your acquaintance." ♦• But that one was called Bessie, and this one's name is Eisie." "Which is short for Elizabeth, just as Bessie is. I happen to know that Mrs. Har rison's name is Elizabeth.'* A terrible light rose on Mrs. Dinnart, but it was only terrible for one moment; in the next, already she had sunk back in her chair, overcome by the humour of the situation, whieu now burst full upon her, aud was rolling gently from ride to side in a fit of uncontrollable laughter. And the more she laughed the lighter her hear: grew with the certainty that now the ghost ot that terrible Mrs. Harrison, who had haunted her dreams so loug, was laid at l ist and for ever. " Well, you have made a pretty fool o: mo between you," she was saying, an boiur later, gleefully to Xed, who replied with his usual equanimity: 4* I told'you it would all come right in the end, mother, didn't I ?" And thus it was that, for once, both Xed and his mother got their own way. The Post and Telegraph Department ad vises that mails for England, despatched from Brisbane on January 17, per R.M.S. Miowera, via Vancouver, arrived at London on the afternoon of March S. 