Jiems of Hetos. Mr. J. £err died cn Saturday last. The: deceased. $ras an old resident of Port Melbourne, and had' for a number* of years carried on business as a fishmonger in Bay-street. Owing to many favoni able opportunities, he might have occupied a good position in the town,, but adverse curcnmstancee, over which he seemed to have no control, were against hhn. He was . buried on Monday last by Mr. B. McKenzie, undertaker, of Bay-street. The funeral of Mrs. Mechin, of Evans street, took place on Saturday afternoon lastpand wits attended by a large number of frieoids. jtfr. Rr McKenzie, undertaker, carried oat all arrangements satisfactorily, and ihe iunerol services were conducted at the house, prior to the funeral, and at the cemetery by the Rev, W. Burridge. At the grave some of those present con -nected with the Wesleyan Church, of fwhich the deceased lady was an adherent, ; ,«anjg^ '.itWp appropriate hymns. j paperdoes'not see theficst insertion of an ordinary -advertisinent; the second in sertion lie Sees but does not read-; the third insertion he reads; the .fourth Insertion he looks at ths price ; the fifth insertion be speaks of it to his wife ; the sld& insertian he is ready to purchase ; and the seventh insertion he purchases.'' Your object in advertising is . to make the public understand what you have to sell, and every business man ought to have the pluck io keep advertising until he has imparted that information. In the report of the Free Gardeners' social last Saturday it was stated that^ Mr. and Mrs. T. Rendall sang a duet, 'Larboard watch,' and that Mr. T. Rendall sang *' Ever of thee and Mrs. T. Rendall also sang. In all these items the names should have been Mr. and Mrs. John Rendall instead of Mr. and Mrsf^Bend^' ^ A painfnl 'accident happened tj Mr, ,-CnMs on Monday last. He was riding Soto Melbourne, and when nearing the .railway viaduct ou the. City-road his ^bicycle ' skidded ' and he was thrown Violently ibis jbaad .coming into contact ^vith the wooden blocks. When picked iip it wee - found that he had two severe cuts on lhe Jbead, and he 3iad lo.;be taken to ^#Melbonm» Hospital. -HereheWas 1 attended - by Dr. McKenzie, who had topnt several stitches into one of the wounds. Mr. Cjcosb was/ then, taken , home, at his own .reidest, and - has 'since, teen' ranfined to the house, : iuider the ove of Dr. Cu8caden. ^ Sometimes jietiiburne papers ' are idameid for exhibiting startling headings, wj&e; folloinng -beading from a quiet . old '««ffltry paper :: oan't ibB 'heatenr jjy much: '-A^canon goes ofE raddenly^' ^jptlllpg^pgf: to itis curate, and not' tbat there wm a tnnfio explosion, as one' wotiid |-e led to eu^oee ftoni the heading. ? ; . ? . ? It will be noticed with pleasure by a large number of those nstill remaining in Port Melbourne who were here 'When Dr. Hidden wis onr representatiye in Parlia ment ibat he Ins been appointed Iiieutenant-Governor of the oplony. We presnme ihat when Sir John -Madden received ibe ootiiSoatiph of : this farther promotibn b^HerMajestyhe.wouldt^^ of the gCod old days when he sat for this district in the': Legislative 'Assembly. . It was here be first won. his«pnts in fablio life, and op doubt be would remember this place with gratitude when this further honour was conferred uppn liim. ^SonleUa^rpeople |ceuiember tbe liole of the pit f&uri; whenoethey were dug. Who knows hut that, sometime in -the future, a Port Melbourne representative' may not go one better and be the Governor General of Australia. ?? With this in view ? it wotdd be aplty lor Port Melbonme to oppose federation. ^ A wahton pjece of mischief was cgm knitted on Suunay last, when the ball tap attacbed to the water-trongh ln front of the Rose and Crown Hotel wbb broken. The boards - which covered the 'tap were torn off and the ball was broken and left floating in the water. Michael Walefetiie ol^iani-who was found under thbf^evedol^s Company's offices, on ihe ~3|}th ult., by i-38iastat)le D.ooley in a v^ry eiihausted co^Sition was before Mr. Eeogh, P.M., and' Messrs. Bobbins (Mayor) -and Edwards, J.s'P., on Thursday morning, formally charged with having no visible means of'' 'support. After hearing eyidence as to; the man's destitute Circumstances, . and also his inability to work owing to illness, the bench gave Sergeant Mftson authority to provide for the'old man'e keep for a period not exceeding four weeks, during which time application, .will J-e-aiade ior his admission into some charitaljle institution, on the recommendation of Mr. Keogh, in .accordance^with bis- authority .from -the Government. This form of dealing with the aged poor, when brought before the eotirte, was adopted by the. Government to prevent . people, whose only crime is that they are old, from being sent to gaol. ? The particular notice of ratepayers is directed to the fact that all rates must be pead to-day to ensure the ' privilege of voting at the ' municipal elections during the; coming year. Everybody who is interested in local affairs should see to it that their rates are paid, not leave it to chance. \- At 'the meeting of the Council, held on Wednesday evening last, . Messrs. J. Osbom Xiean auctioneer, of the^-cal firm of Lean,i Qaick,iand Co., a! i W. B. Jacobs were appointed valuers for the City of San th Melbonrne. . The ; 'Dispensary '/Committee met- ion TbOTBdajij^t, ^ the ^ oarterly levy rAj|^tiieSr rn3^tter, in con- ' nBCtion :^tli^|j£^iTeaix of payment of one of the lodgeB, was allowed to stand over for another mbnth. Afterwards a discussion took place.as to inaugurating a ball or some other function to raise funds in aid of the building account, but the matter was . postponed for three weeks. A very pleasing incident happened at the Seamen's institute on Tuesday even ing. Madam Emery Gould had consented to play an accompaniment for one of the sailors, and, at the conclusion of che song, 'Jack' very politely handed the lady down from the platform. The action caused a laagh, bnt, none ihe less, the salt gave ftlessou io politeness which some of .our*' more favoured '' landsmen would do well to copy. A meeting was called for Wednesday | night to hear Mr. E. C. Martin discourse on tne unemployed question, ro quote a correspondent:—' 'His Worship the Mayor was -in the chsir, and on the left was Mr. Martin, Age ; less than one dczen in the hall, which was faHy set out with seats and sawdust on the floor, while the in candescent lights were in full glare. All this, however, failed to attract an audience. The Mayor said- the meeting -had been called in compliance with % requisition . signed by over twenty ratepayers, but in consequence of the smallness of the audience he would be compelled to close ? he meeting and adjourn to a date 'not yet fixed.', . Mr. Martin was . very sorry they did not have a better house as he believed be had a solution of the unemployed problem, and was prepared to make it known. One of- the dozen audience strongly urged the would-be lecturer to take his ' solution * to Sir George Turner who would, he felt- sure, receive it vitli gratitude. Some ofthe ' audience ' left the hall growling because the bootmakers' ' band from the trades ball bad not paraded the streets for an hour or two' previous to meeting. The ' meeting 1 then adjourned to the mayor's room without further disturbance, and without the intervention of the p.olice.'* _ We have been compelled to hold over . a number of 'political pars'* supplied by a contributor , including a 'poem' deal-' ing with the question— ** Where is . ;the meeting Mr; Findla^ , ' ex-president ; Mr. Gilbert, -sad Mr.' S.' barker,' J.P., made; some ' nasty ' remarks about the Labor, party, and insinuated that there is no such party. This was too cruel after all that the party has done for the colony. ' Hamlet's., father's' ghost has been cropping up in every conceivable dark place ever since Tuesday night. . - When ever I bave gone into a dark room at night without a candle tie has been marching np and down, and it is the same when I am going home late at' night. I can see him standing at all the street corners; and yet I must go again to see him on Tuesday evening next at the reduced prices.'' — A young lady's experience after going to the Excelsior Hall. Henry Chadwick persisted in a&serting; so strenuously yesterday morning, at the local court, that he was a respectable, hardworking man, and that be would never, no never, come before that eourt or any other court again, that Cr. Edwards, J. P., who was . on the bench, determined to fine him Ss. vor in default allow hrhi to go .to gaol for 12 h'ohrs. Chadwick had bees locked -up on the : previous night by Senior constable Riley ' for „n probably, if he had kept quiet would bave got off without a fine. ' Newcomers ' to the. court should make a note of it that -mos^. j ustioes -of -tbe-peace 'have been there before,' ancl when 'very inno cent * young men come before tbem they are generally isnspicioas bf them. -? Some of the gold, medals, to be pre sented in connection with the Port Mel bourne Janior Cricket Association, at the smoke nigbt next Fridayevening, are on view in Mr. G.^W. Sobbins' window. These inclnde the medal son by . Mr O. Kelly, N.PJ3.C^-for best batting average, anHthat won by Mr F. A. Hildebfuidt, W.P.O.C., lor best bowling ; average. Th« handsome ^Fophy pr^ented by- -Mr. Bobbin b, as the Mayor's ^rophy, is also on view, The medals were supplied by Mr Bobbins, ' - i. vTO THE -DeAJP.— A rich lady. cured . of her'D^afness anatNfiiias.in' (he Head Department A.9.D, Tlielnstitute/'Long cott,' Ounnersbniry, Lbiidon, W.,Englanct. 