S Town Talk. i? e heasdn)d c sittingot the Ipswich Circuit nrt was d:of comparatively abshort duration. -hat, abshort as it was, howevei, it was pro -ettve df some incidents. i That one sitness was persistent in his asser ?ane that a certain door could only have been pend from the inside. \- That he was just as emphatic in his declara Wtn that there was nobody inside who could arve opened the door. t- hat this led his Honour to ask the witness eheter the ghosts were responsible for doing That this met with the reply " Well, I don't sow'; but I didn't see any." so:That after moch questioning the witness ?esoribed bow be and Constable Perkins had ?one through bthe performance which they aought was similar to the burglar's in feecting ean etrance. 0 That, with a sigh of relief, the Judge re Sarked, "At last, then, we have some explana. on of this marvellous burglary." SThat the witness then pave Constable Perkins roc.aredit for having Euogested the testing of rhb robabie method of gaining access adopted bhe burglar. v-hat, with a touch of sareasm in his voice, a Honour said, " I suppose Constable Perkins suoostomed to solve these very dif~eult prob That lthe compliment was a doubtful oen, bt meverthelesa it drew from one of the speota s the whispered remamrk, " That's the first lment the police bave had paid to thoem t.er tisal monthe." Thatevldently, in some instances, the occu tion of a farm labourer is not tLoo remunera i..hat a witness at theb Circuit Court stated at he gave a man 7s. a week as a farm I.a That here the Crown Prosecrtor interposed th the remark--" but be gets food as well." at thereupon his Honour observed, " I uld think so; it would be rather hard lines ine alan t., hat at the Circuit Court one witness in ted that persons congregated at his store t phlayed quaits by candlelight for hours at a hat his Honour remarked, "Then they t be very enthusiastio players-that is all eneay." atrent storms have been storms indeed. 'That instead of being of but shabort duration Sganerally last or hours. heSt. Thomas's Lads' Club had hard luck having to postpone their entertainment. ha they had a good programme and pro of a big audience. hat both were blocked by the weather. thatt i is to be hoped they will have better tick next ?week. That the lightning on Tuesday night was bove the average in brilliancy. SILhat some very beautiful effects were pro e along thbs northern skyline, t.hat Joubert, the Boer Commandant, is evi. nty a man with more than one idea. Iat he hass(or had) an idea that his soldiers ld whack the Britisb at eight. # hat be also has an idea that it is not a good lng to magnify his losses on the balttle-field. That, consequently, he states that, at the lenose engagement, only 10 of his men were ad and but 25 wounded. That, seeaing that nbout I000 Boors wars loied "hers de eombat" there, Joubert can. it be acousod of overestimating his nasuali es. That, as the Queeneland contingent leaves the front on Monday next, there should be big roll-up of the public in the Domain, Bris ne, on Bstuday alternoon nc-xt. l-hat that will be the last occasion on which ~ost people will see the Queensland contingent -a portion of it) before it departs for the seat &hat; the opportunity should be somzed Ly Jpsreons who can attend. r .Sat it is still hoped that the local men my ib allowed to recelve a send-off here to or'ow might. iha t would send thanem away in good Slte-?othlng heartens soldiers so much as know that they have the moral support and d wishes of a townful of people. -iat that 100 ton parel of imported Vin. an compressed fodder has caused no end of a stir. -. That, as the defence authorities say they 'iant 100 tons of that sort of stuff, it is pro Ilabfe that they." won't be happy till they get '-It." j::Thathepreoentation to Mr. Walker, the see ?zeiary of the Federation Leogue, was well de rsed, for he did plenty of work, and won the dheepsct of his opponents. b-it 