literature. DAUNAY'S_DATJGHTER By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of 'A Rogue's Daughter,' 'A Life , Sentence,' 'Sir Anthony's Secret,' 1 'Marjory's Mistake,' 'Dr. Endicott's \\-r. Experiment,' 'Jacobi's Wife,' 'A Val t liable Life,' &c.; I [Published by special arrangement with the : author. All rights reserved.] 1' — — — ! CHAPTER I.— AT THE TOWER. 'It's a wild neet, misses/' called a la boring man to a figure that passed him on his way. A woman's figure he made it out. to be, but .the darkness wrapped her round as with a garment, and he could not see her face. He was toiling up the hill and she_ was coming down, and the wind was raging^jluriously round every corner, and hurling the branches of the sparselyplant ed trees backwards and forwards until they seemed ready to snap in twain, while every now and then a dash of rain accom panied the fitful but violent gusts. It was difficult to find the way: but a row of .white stones emphasised the path, and the man who mounted and the woman who de customed to pick their steps in difficult places of the kind. 'A wild night, indeed,' she answered back, and at the sound of her voice the man turned round and tried in vain to penetrate the. depths of darkness with his eye. Then at last he shook his head, and went heavily on his way. 'Why. 'Twere Jane Arnold,' he mur mured, as he bent his shoulders again to the ascent. 'Jane Arnold, as keeps her self allers to herself, an' niver has a word for nobody. Jane Arnold, on her way to the valley, an' for aught I know, to Daunay's Tower, at dead o' night. What in the world's the meaning 0' that, I'd like to know?' But there was no one to answer him, and he went onward to his wife and his own fireside, while Jane Arnold toiled down to the valley, and to the house of which he had spoken as Daunay's Tower. It was the popular name which the na tives of that wild Cumberland dale had given to a building raised chiefly in the last generation by a man who would fain have ennobled his family, and reared a dwelling-place worthy of a race of kines. - He was a wealthy man, this Stephen Daunay, and he called his house Bella vista, or some such foreign and newfangled name, which was an offence to the inhabi tants of High Rigg Dale. In spite of the threats 'and pursuasions of the builder and owner the dalesfolk took and 'kept their own appelation, and the house was always Daunay's Tower, and some times Daunay's Folly, when they wanted to be severe. There was a certain propriety in calling it Daunay's Tower, for the nuc leus of the building was an ancient keep, which now stood at a corner of the mo dern house. It was a square stone tower, with an old flight of steps outside, leading to a small upper room not often used. The lower part of the tower likewise contain ed a single room, which could be entered by a narrow door of a singularly massive and prison-like appearance. The country folk declared that this tower had formerly been used for prisoners, and there were gruesome stories of the cruelties that had Formerly been practised within those grim .walls by the lords of High Rigg Dale. The architect had made some effort to approximate the style of the new house to that of the tower; but the Daunay of that day had not approved of his attempt, and had insisted on the carrying out of his own vagaries. The consequence was that Bellavista, as he called it, was as fantastic a pile of stones as could be seen on English soil. It was a jumble of styles. A Moorish gallery, a Turkish minaret, an Italian verandah, with a mixture, of Nor man.- Renaissance and psuedo-Gothic de tails made tilie place a specimen of bar hflVlfiTTl JYfl nilnlV niPblPPCniin ? \\*\T DAniiiant — as it was bizarre. On a dark and stormy night, however, the great building could be seen only as a dark moss standing up against the gloomy sky. The newer part of the house was en tirely unillumined by gleam of lamp or fire, but in the top room of the tower a faint light seemed to be burning, and another ? beam came from a small lamp that hung from an iron rod over the narrow ioor. Jane Arnold, who had business with the . :. master of Datmay's Tower, looked up and ? down Hie solid mass of masonry with a ' : half-puzzled, half-indignant air. ' She had ,:?.:,? tome all the way from her house on Cross '0-; 3Tell, at half-past 10 o'clock on a stormy V '.night, and now it peemed as though the ?-.? plaiSe::were deserted, as though she might wail; arid wait in vain for the commission . -'JwiJift'^Jiich', as she understood, she was ? to -be'ehaTged. 'v. '.- '^sjjfwj Sir. Lechmere, the doctor, who 'vfpPIJ&wOiight; her John Daunay's message. J^ejafli'd not like Mr. Lechmere. He was .-. iai'piarp-faced, shallow, keen-eyed young . man, with a bitter, almost a savage, tongue, and an irritable disposition. He , iwas clever, no doubt, but he could be ; rough and profane in speech sometimes; ' ;.? and Jane Arnold was a respectable person, ?; of a sober and religious turn, and she dis :. liked profanity. There were rumors about 3J$x. Lechmere, too, which were not to his ; .- -iijjriedit. People said that he had committed ;;:-|pme;Cjrime; fome dishonorable act, which Ij^peXiled him froni the world. It was \--:'':'')j$jju$pjered that he had been in prison^ No . ?' . = b'je^lmew- what 4xis medical qualifications . Jfopr# or^whether he .had any qualifications ; yffljiall; he had simply appeared In the v neighborhood, set a red lamp at the door -r«^i^:^i^;ftoujle ie rented; bought :a £p Jiprife^an^gig^ .and ;j|flnpunced himself : a ?' iS^^&^Sj:^^v^yi;-f.;;'£^:;. VvV.;. ? ? ??? ? ? ? ''i1. ^sikj^fe^i&fea;'A? .*&.-~,*~:sr.:. :^-tc=- ,--? ':???????-.. -..? ????-? - ?-- ttjjaeS e^urjia&MS; Irather^gre; .^ra^vthier !d6naes6?Me^'W:^ practice and earn a 'decent living /antopg: the;GumberlandMls.-U. ^.h^r^'-.'-^'-v-v:; 'If I hadn't -fcaiivi 'Jtotimi ^at^John: Daunay wJihtedine I'd iijoiaii ?'$*&' cpnte put to-night,' said Jane i; 'Arniold. '-IShe had -jb touch. 61 dialect in 'Ker speech,' but ^ 'tad been modified by some of the -sircunv Btances of ner life, and was often scarcely H.U^aALlm *f{ff^l.-*4^ .'.rMIHM . ' T .A^lllY! AHA wouldn't dare to make free with hie name, and bring me all this way for a joke, though I hear he isn't particular what he does when the fit's on him, and I waB not to knock, said he. I was to bide by the stone steps until Daunay or he came put to speak to me, : Well, I'm here, and the rain s coming On, and the wind blow ing; what's agate, I wonder?' if^~ At that moment the narrow door open ed, and a, tall, spare figure stood revealed in ihe aperture against a background of the lighted lower room. 'Is that you, Jane Arnold ?' Mr. Daunay said. . 'Yes, sir, it's me,' said. Jane. ' 'The doctor told me you wanted me, and T ye come down fell-side in the wind and rain to do your bidding.' _ 'You were always faithful, Jane — like your forebears to mine. There's been an Arnold and a Daunay side by side for tnree generations at me leant/. 'I'm the last of the Arnolds,' said Jane, rather stolidly. 'And you think I am the last of. the Daunays, do you ?' said the man, with a dry laugh. 'But it doesn't follow in my case. Jane, as it does in yours.' 'Well, John Daunay, I didn't come here at half -past 10 o' night to talk about our two families at the door,' said Jane Ar nold, in strong, sensible tones. 'I should like to get inside and warm myself at the stove if it's all the same to you; my feet are as wet as wet, and I can hear 'what you say inside as well as out.' 'You've a right to speak out, Jane,' said the master of Daunay's Tower, with a little irony in his tone. 'You've to some extent a right to enter; but all the same I mean to keep you out. Stand where you are; you are protected from rain and 'wind by that overhanging ledge, and a touch of cold won't hurt a woman of the fells.' 'I don't suppose it will. But you are usually a bit more hospitable to me.' She pulled her cloak a little more closely round her, and waited to* hear what he had to say. Mr. Daunay came out of the room and, closed the door behind him, standing bareheaded in the cold night, air, with the light of the lamp thrown, full on his ashen face. Jane noticed the death-like pallor, and wondered what had brought it there. But she was too proud to ask. The reticence of the North Country was strong within her. She would know only what she was told. As she waited, however, a sound that came to her ears startled her in spite of herself. It was the long-drawn wailing of a little child. She remembered an old story that she had often heard— the story of a mother and child who had died in this same tower many centuries ago from Klnw Kt-.arVnt.ion.- t.lie tvrant husband hav ing locked her into that upper room in punishment of some supposed unfaithful ness and then ridden away and been killed in a brawl, so that his victims were never liberated until death turned the key. The baby's crying was. still supposed to be heard round about the' tower on stormy nights, and the sound boded no good to those who heard it. 'The ghost child,' said Jane below her breath. If she had been a Catholic she would certainly have crossed herself. 'What does that mean?' 'Ay, what indeed?' said Mr. Daunay. 'Never mind the ghost, Jane. I want you to listen to me.' , She glanced up at him shrewdly, .this homely, country woman, with her bright brown eyes and apple cheeks. He was a tall man. with a spare frame, and the lean bard look of one who has known how to labor and to endure. He had gained a for tune by speculation, -and .-was reputed to be growing richer every year, but Jane Ar nold cared little or nothing for that. ,She had a kindness for the man himself, and Ins gaunt frame and grim, nlain .face, with the beetling eyebrows and habitual frown,, was dearer to her in her quiet way than anv other in the world. He put out one hie hand and clutched her by the arm. 'You were my foster sister, weren't you. Jane? We were like brother and sister for a good many years, eh?' 'That's a time word,' said Jane briefly. 'Your parents were trusted by my par ents, as one might say, to the death. I can trust you in the same way and to the same degree, can't I, Jane?' 'As you say, to the death, Mr. John,' 'Call me John— I like it better than your 'Misters.' There's a tie between us that vou don't know of* Jane, and that God Himself cannot break. I sent for you here to tell you of that.' She listened quictlv, but her eye kindled. 'I like plain words,' she said briefly, after a moment's pause. 'You shall have them. You had a step sister, Jane, a beautiful girl, whom you loved dearly?' 'Yes. T loved her.' 'She left your home, and you don't know what became of her?' 'Ay.' 'Would it surprise you if I told you that it was I who took her away?' 'You — you! No. God is my witness that I ' never thought of you.' Then, with surprising fierceness and . sharpness, 'You married her? You made her your wife? Don't tell me she was not your wife.' ? i . . 'She is my wife,' said Daunay, impas sively. ?She is? Then she is living?' She is' here? Oh, John— John Daunay, I'll forgive you all the agony you have caused me when you took her away if only 3^ou'll tell me that she is alive and well.' 'She is alive, and I want you to do a favor to her and to me.' 'Let her ask me herself.' 'She is not well enough to ask you her self. I want you to ? promise that you will do what she asks.' 'Oh, my Betha. As if I could say her nay.' A 'I have ;your 'promise?' said Daunay, in a curiously emphatic way. 'Swear you'll do what she asks oi you when the moment comes.' i '?;?.. : . Jane paused ..for a moment; her face was convulsed by stronff feeling, but she was 00 calm and sensible .% ''?wpjnair by nWure ip^^r^^^ippfe^dK^hl?; spends; her winters ^^jn^wwsBJmnjf rSace'sj- ^^e1p^il«r^n^i^^n'tlie#l|.iStt «yv^VJ?6t^e^ji^/----'Jt-Ciiii;%diMc into . jfche %oub0.; I Ipow jytiu'll tid BetnaTa: commia flionfeithfutly.'*-^;': /.:?., r-tv ?-;-.-.:,^.;-:-;^ ?:;.?? ?. He put her aside ?as easily, as if. she Had been &~ child, opened the narrow door, and went quickly intp^lhe house. Jane, left alone, leaned -against the wall;-. her. arms hanging at her sides, the tears'1, dropping down her -sensible, irregh-cplored face. News at last from BethaTiwhom she had ;long-regarded as lost for ever, from her world, tended to unnerve her to a quite unwonted degree. For some minutes she could not control her- tears; '*bnt-at last they were checked, as she realised tne feet that a dead silence seemed to prevail with in the house, -and that she could ?not-Sgo away until she had received the message, the commission, whatsoever it might De, that Betha had for her. v Suddenly a sound was heard. The outer door of the upper room, at the head of the steps,' was opened. The sky had light ed a -little; and a glint of moonlight made it obvious to Jane Arnold that a man's figure was descending the stairway, but slowly and carefully, as if he carried some thing of importance. It was not John Daunay this time. It was the slighter, shorter figure of the young doctor, Eugene Lechmere. Jane felt a shiver of dread, almost of abhorrence, pass through Jier 'as he paused at the foot of the steps; There was an oddly-shaped bundle' in1; '.his -arms. After a moment's hesitation she ^advanced towards bimj instinct telling ;iher that Betha's message was to come through him. His cynical dark eyes seemed to shine with bitter mirth as he looked -at her. 'I have brought you something that it s to be hoped you will like,' he said. 'And you'd better get home with it quickly if you want it to live. Miss Ar nold. I was to tell you from Mr. Daunay that Betha sent you this' — and he placed the bundle in her half unwilling arms. 'For this,' he added, slowly, 'is Betha's child.' CHAPTER n.— THE DOCTOR'S VISIT. It all seemed toTane Arnold like a dream, as she looked back. She could hardly believe that any part of it was true, even when she found herself toiling hp the fell-side, with the wind hustling her, and the moon shining fitfully, upon the uneven path. Fortunately the. baby in her arms was very still— so still that once Jane stopped to feel its little face and hands, and to be certain that it lived. But the hands were warm, and the little face had a tinge oHife, so that the woman who carried it was reassured, and hastened on her way. She had 'cried out with her remonstran ces, when she was first asked to take the child to her own home, up on the hills ; and Mr. Lecbmere had stood and laughed at her, laughed tempestuously, almost hys ;encally, as if at any moment his laugh ter aught have turned into the sobs of sheer nervous exhaustion. But Jane Ar nold was not accustomed to weakness of any kind; feverish laughter from a man's lips was as alien to her as tears from his eyes. She turned from him indignantly and tried to pass him on the steps; to cnock at the closed door, but these at tempts of hers sobered him, and brought out his savage side. He cursed her for a :ool, nnd bade her go home as fast as her feet would carry her. 'If you hang' about here the ch~d will probably get a chill, and its death will lie at your door,' he said grimly. 'Didn't you promise to do what you were asked? Take ;hat baby home and keep it warm. I'll ook in to-morrow to see how it gets on. You 11 be paid for your trouble, if that's what vou're thinking about.' Jane's glance would have 'annihilated him on the snot, if glances could kill. 'I should like to see the man who would like to pay me for tending my sister's child, she said. 'Not John Daunay, I know. And as for you. doctor, I'd sooner nay you to keep away from my door than have you casting your evil eye upon me and mine.' Lechmere laughed apain, bending him self almost double with apparent enjoy ment. 'You think I can lay a snell on ;he baby, do you?' he said. ' 'You think L shall blast it with some malignant power' that Satan's given me? 'Pon my honor, you are vastly complimentary. But you won't get rid of me for -all that, ma'am. I shall have to report on the child's state to morrow morning. And you had better get her home as quickly as you can.' Then it was that Jane finally turned Tom him, and began her journey up the fell-side, with the wind blowing furiously in her face, and her eyes dimmed by tears, as well aR by tire' .fitful dashes of rain which took her every now and then com pletely by surprise. For at intervals the moon shone out brightly, and then she stepped briskly ahead; for the child's weight was nothing to a strong country woman like herself, and she knew the shortest cut across the hill to her home stead in the fells. She was the daughter of a tenant fanner, who, as Daunay said, had been faithful and friendly to his landlord at Daunay's Tower; and the connection between the rwo families had remained unchanged' Tom previous generations until this day. For, long before the modern part of Daunay's Tower had been built, a Daunay ;he district: and his name had been Well mown in all the country-side. But all the Daunays had been poor: -it was reserved for John Daunay to make a fortune and endeavor tp restore. the. lost glories of the family. Hitherto, however, it seemed as though he had failed. He was the last of the family in the direct line; but there were cousins of the same name, who had never been seen n Cumberland. Possibly John Daunay knew them; but the people of the fells did not. ' . ? .'?'?.' -; ???;'. ? ?. ' ; ?. ? ? ?_ Jane Arnold reached the house between! 12 and 1 o'clock, and it had taken swift walking tp bring her home so soon; Her louse was the old farmstead which had -een tenanted for many years 'by her fore athers, and no Daunay would have nad ;he heart to turn her out of it. But the farming had passed chiefly into. the hands of a neighbor, .by prjyate arrtageme&t;, I and Jane Arnold contented herself chieflsfc; with the management jtt.;thV'':daiii^;'^M| the care of the pptij|ry, SPh^jfe^lp^Mt: little wUtewAishfed ndjiiae am6njg-tti6 -bills^ with its flagged ^adK^iMidpSfipg^li ^^?^^btto^^^Wur^ii-aBetti^^^ ^nds*on*al&; #kI 3K5en'nas\the ijftnlhine ;»! f tUie^io 'iHMie- Arnpl|Ltflijntil^a -'iifcunii -canW ^^iJ^giflvfliSbl^^eili^^nt^ut j-f &&?'$!?&$/'. 'the cofor .from Her cheeks; and hohady cduldJtell tfie reason why, * - V ?lane Arnold; ;:in her ; quiet way, was as ' ?ne .possessed. She; had to keep her anx iety to Jherself when Betha was present, for it was bad for Betha to see how much tne 'elder., womkn -took her languor -to heart; but she besieged the doctor with enquiries, she read all the medical books that she could lay her hands on, she hunted up old recipes of 'her grandmother, all to combat the disease which she feared forher aister; and to combat it in vain. For the. disease was not consumption, as Jane had fancied; it was love. ? .She could not imagine — when the fact dawned upon her— whom Betha . could have found: to love. It was certainly not the curate, whom she had ridiculed in un measured terms. It was not one of the young farmers in the neighborhood. Betha ?had fastidious tastes. It was no stranger, she was sure of that; for there had not been so much as a .sketching artist in the place for the last five years. As for Mr. Daunay, of Daunay's Tower, Jane Arnold never thought of him. It would have been treachery 2 he had stolen Betha's heart; and, besides, he was too much above her in position to make a happy marriage pos sible. , Jane might treat Mr. Daunay very cavalierly when she chose, but she fully recognised the difference of station be tween her family, and his. So it never occurred to her that John Daunay had fallen in love' with Betha. And when the girl suddenly disappeared, leaving a Vague little letter tp say that she had left England with the man she loved, Jane almost broke her heart with grieving, but never suspected that, the man who had tempted her sister away fmm i-.llia farm -nrac nounoTT nt rinimn^n Tower. And now that he had owned the fact, she could not find it in her heart to hate ' the man. For, although he had wronged her, he had married her sister, and he had sent her Betha's child. To morrow she would hear from Betha her self, perhaps; to-morrow she might even be told that Betha was at Daunay's Tower. - For Jane Arnold had ? no confi dence in John Daunay's word, and she thought that Betha might be in Cumber land in spite of all that her husband said to the contrary. The couple of maidservants that she kept had gone to bed, but the fire, seldom, if ever, extinguished, turned re4 beneath the ashes in the wide, open grate, Jane laid the baby on a cushion before it, and Taked the embers together first of all.. The ittle creature was curiously quiet and still. But when the fire was burning, and Jane wanned food for the child, and took it on her lap, it seemed to come to life a little, and to stretch out its hands blindly to the reviving blaze. It was a very young child — a day or two old, at most, Jane thought; but it was the prettiest little aaby that she had ever seen. It was a girl jaby, white, and well-formed, with big blue eyes, and a soft down of golden hair; and it was evidently healthy and good tempered, for even the ^sposure to wind and rain and the cold airs' of night, had not apparently done it any harm. Jane held it close to her, and felt the touch of the baby hands go through her like a draught of^wine; she had-not known what it was to handle a child of her own flesh and Wood. She loved the baby from that hour, even more passionately than she had loved Betha,. the girl whom John Daunay had decoyed from her side. . . The 'morning came, and she had to ac count to her household for the presence of a ? child.' The open-eyed wonder of Hester and Priscilla was too much for her. But she said as little as she could. 'This is a relation's child; she has got to bide with me for a while,' she said in as common place a tone as possible. 'She'll make a bit of work in the house, I reckon, but you won't mind that, Hester and Preisy? She may be only a few days here for ought I know; her kith and 'kin will call for her in a week or two.' - ' But- her' eyes fell as she spoke; she did riot believe the things she said. From the way in which the paby had been made over to her she fancied that she was to be, for the present at least, both mother and guardian to Betha's child. Perhaps Betha. did not want the trouble of rearing her— Betha had never been fond of child ren, she remembered — perhaps John. Dau- nay was vexedthat the baby was a girl. At any rate, the child had been made over to her— placed in her arms, committed to her care; and Jane Arnold was resolved to do her duty to this child of misfortune, as she could not help but call her, although she was Betha s child. It was 10 o'clock when she saw the doc tor's gig in the winding white road that led to the Moorside Farm. A gleam of anger came into her eyes, and she drew her breath sharply. 'I'll not see him,' she said at first. 'He's no good. He laughs at all that's honest and virtuous, like the devil himself in human form. I've always said that I would never have him within my 'house':' But it was easier to protest in word than in deed. When the doctor stood at' the door, and demanded quietly td see Miss Arnold, she did not feel it possible to turn him away.. She came out of the kitchen and stood m the narrow passage, DiocKmg, up the way, so that he could not pass her against her will. . '...??' -1 -.;:-;.'►.; As for Dr. Lechmere he looked at her with laughing, intelligent* eyes. He? knew perfectly well the sources ' of her ^.version tp him. He respected her for' th'emj'.'but at the. same time he knew that ; they must not interfere with the work he had got to do. He was a man that liked his own way. and got it whenever he chose to exert himself. ' ' ? ?,???? ''..'?' '*Good morning, Miss Arnold,' lie said, lifting his hat for a moment from his chest nut brown head, and showing ;a row 'of white .teeth, in- an exceedingly; friendly smile: 'I've come by Mr. Daunay^s^rders; ie takes, an' .vin'terest in -the! baby, '^ou know, and Tve%usjhess to 'transact with you about his affiuri.v: : Aren't' you going to et me in? It's'» .pity that-I shoiud';fcayc to talk confidentially to you in -the passage, you .'know.':- ? ;. '' .'?':?:- r.~ ???'? ? ?? '? -?? :'. ?' :.'J ?'-?- '? 'I've nothing confidential to say 'to you-: Dr. 'Lechmere,' said Jane Arnold, in a dry tpne.' ?::-'. ':'-:' . '. /?'?? ? ''-? v ??',:-'? -, -. '? -?? ?' -^'But Tye. something confidential, to say to you- , Something important jtooi.. . lAna :j '?'. i#ont .say 4t hers.?.- .?:.?.?-;'-;'!£?- ?-?'-? ??'?''?? ??:'; ?' j - 'Ggme An, thfeD/'^aid 1$*e =^pjaj.n, , sud-.' denly. yielding 'the ipoint., ^IBajVwWit1 you J ttpwn^a; t^aifferen^r6rdfc;«mffi :iM %^jhfe :*$$? ^pwise-;the^ime &$&£};'??£?!& article. in:the rpom^and that hewiaa almbsi- - '^--* amused atthe poorness of it, the vulgarltF/ ' ''? i- the lafosurdity. fane Arnold felt .-hu-opinjUm' ':r'-'f although she ;cbuld not have put it^into ', V '^M words, and, /for a moment, she, too, natedl V*' $ thegreen rep and stiff white- curtaifis' at--!- --'«X' the window, the red- Bohemian glasBKand : i:?S?| lustres on the mantel-piece, the wax flp%« ?-: f -®W era under glass shades on tfie centre; table/ -'??£:?£ I flanked by red, blue, and green gilt- edged:cr :~£:;$&? editions of; the poets, which the -iiiiBtreM^'-.-'-'.^ of the house had received as prizes when' v^'-* she went to. school. '''???. '???. ?/oV.r-f.i.i'S But the gleam of amusement in ~ife?-'-'-'-;''---~?£i Lechmere's eye vanished as suddenly air. *r-,S-| it had come. He sat down deliberately, A 3rsJ?5 and drew off hiB riding-gloves, his '-face' * :-''~';^ hardening as he looked at the plain, .^i^ bright-eyed woman, who stood with her^ 'rtffiq hands on the centre table, listening for :V: 3;i? ; what he had to say. ''...I'- ;-: .^5 'I have come from Mr.. Daunay,' he bfr?; -V 't:1?? gan. It was noticeable that his voice was ? '}p:& that of a cultivated man when he chose;' '?' :'-~?i '?-?'? although of late he had adopted a rough *-' mode of speech, which seemed to approxl- ???-*??& mate his station to that of his patients, / :y:CS 'He wishes me to tiell you that he is going : . ' ??'?-:* back to London to-morrow, and he hopes'-.'-:'--- ;-r--'-.f that the child may remain with you. He'H; -.-? ', :'.'?. !&?$ pay all expenses, of course.' . ;: '-- ' ' ' If the child is my Betha's child, why should I take money for her from any^ one?' said Jane Arnold, stiffly. 'I don't think you have a prior right to that of her father,' returned Lechmere, in his lightest tone; 'but no doubt you know best. If the .-girl is to be brought up as John Daunay's heiress it seems to me only fair that he should stand the charges/' . ? 'John Daunay's heiress ! There is no other child then f' * .- 'How should I know ?' Do you think' Daunay would take me into his confi dence ?' _ ; 'Not likely,' said Jane, eyeing him ..so coldly and keenly -that for a moment the red color crept into the young man'a s cheek. But he only laughed aloud. - .. 'A fair hit: a palpable hit!' he exclaim ed. 'You know how to hold your own, Miss Arnold. Well, look here. Daunay, sends you a hundred pounds in bank nptes.' You will have the same amount half yearly, and more, if you don't find it enough. Here is a written receipt .which you are to sign. He tossed a large envelope and a half sheet of paper on the table. 'I had better count the notes,' said Jane. Her manner of saying the wordi'~ was, in itself, almost an insult. 'Certainly; I might have made away with some of-them, might I not?- Count and sign, if you -.please; I'm in a hurry this morning.' He waited while she, very slowly, went' through the notes, and affixed her name ta the receipt. 'I am to keep the child for some time, then, I suppose— until Betha— that is, Mrs. : ' Daunay — sends for ? ?' Dr. Lechmere was striding towards the : : door when she asked the question. He '-1; paused, with his back towards her, and ' threw an answer, over .his left shoulder. : 'Oh, didn't I tell you?' he said, with a ' r jaunty ease which amounted almost to brutality. 'Betha's dead?' (To be continued.) .? r\j. V 