NEWS AND NOTES. Mr llorsfitlil, our local shire secretary informs us tlmt the total receipts for rates -to date, exceed those of last year by over £25. For tlie prevent month up to the lOili instant, the ninonnt recviveil was £757 16s, as against £G84 9s 1> I for the sHino period last year. The pi in iual bank ing returns for the month ure—I una 7tli, £156 4s; 8th, £109 19s; 9ll>, £173 3s; 10th, £239 16s, Hie total reci|.ts from 1st January to 10th Jiinfe nm iiinled to £1005 5s 6d •««'. against'2980 ItWfor last, year, Tlie ordinary monthly uijeeii of tlie Violot Town Water Trust wis b-lil on Monday evening last, the follow ng members being present:—Coins, liidiiell, (chairman), Wallace and McSliine. The minutes of the previous meeting tvere read and confirmed on the motion of Com. McShane. seconded by Com. Wallace. Thero w»B no outward correaliondence. The Water Supply wrote inquiiing what, steps were heing taken with regard to pay? ment of tbe sinking fund, and asking that immediate attention be given to the matter. It was decided to receive the letter. Accounts amounting to £73 4s were passed for payment. The secretary stated that £64 was due to the Government at tho end of -tlie month as interest on loan, and <ts only about half tliat sum was available after paying certain other small accounts it would be necessary to get in all arrears, Tbe secretary's report was .as. follows i—I have the honw to report having collected since lust meeting rates amounting to £27 lie (id making the total including licence and contracts £52 8s 3d, the bank balance being £42 I5s lOd. In re the woejes vested with the trust, I beg to report all in good order, the pipes having received a thorough scouring twice during tbe past 20 days. In re the water rateB due for the half year ending 30tli June, I am sorry to report a shortness in comparison with amount received to the same date in bast years As the sum of £64 2s 6d will have to be remitted to the Victorian Treasory on the 26th inst.. I should be pleased ihdt you direct me as to what action I shall take with those ia arrear on 1st. July.-r Report received. A concert is to be given at Strathbogie North this eveaing in aid of tbe funds of the local railway league by the Honeysuckle Musical Cfub,. A really good programme of new songs and gags have been arranged, and the entertainment will be brought to (v elose by a laughable farce entitled " A Ghost in a fawn Shop." As great interest is being taken in the affair a bumper house is expected. A . dunce will be held after the entertainment, .gooduiueia ahd refrealimeaU beihg provided. The Ilev. Mr Gladstone, of Nathalie, baa -drawn a hornets'xest-.about.hi8 ears by his denunciation of dancing. Preaching to his congregation a few weeks ago he characterised drinking and dancing as the two curses'of hnnMimty, and .had fab: stopped at this but little exception may have been taken to liii> remarks. But he did nit do eo. To give-emphasis to his remarks -he directed the attention of his audience to a ball that hid heen held in their midst, and proceeded to describe marred ladies, who attended that function as wantons. The use of such a term in regard to tlie ladies ha< naturally caused much indignation, and steps are to be tuken to in/ike the reverend gentleman apologise publicly. - Speaking at the railway conference at Benalla last week, Mr'S. D. Martin, of Slieppnrton, in supporting the proposed railway froin Dookie to connect with the Yarrawnnga line, said he svas not going to oppose the proposed railway to Violet Town, . But lie tlibughtif the line to Violet Town was good, the one be was supporting was be ter.. Two windows were hroken in Violet Town on Saturday night—one at the. Eialla hotel and the other at Mr Bradley's bakery. Steps are to be taken to ms'ke the pceon refcpnnnll'le for damage pay for repairs nnH it is to lie b'jpoii that the offender vrill jippr.iriate the leniency shown him and not lie guilty of a similar offence iothefutura, • The Australian eleven are doing very well jn England, Up to the present thoy have played ten matches, of which they have won 5, drawn 4 and lost 1. Hill heads the list for batting, and'Truuible for bowling. ' • The ammunition for tbe lo'cul rifle club hns uriived in Violet Town, I lie same being snnt on by tlie Defence department on Friday last. There are three boxes, containing over 1,000 rounds. A reply has , ulso been received by tho secretary to bis query as to when rifles would he available. The communication states tliat tho club will probably be supplied utiout August, but further information will be given on the subject. The Ueechworth club has promised to lend half-a-dosion riSes in tlie meantime, and Mr Briggs intends writing for these at once. McBsrs WUUB, Turnbull and Co., conducted a sale at Boho on Wednesday on account of Air J, Hill, The bidding far the several lots ottered was very satisfac tory, good prices being obtained. A special feature of the new Land Act is the initiation of tbe system of purchasing land near ruilwaysuud centres of population for reBule in small farms on eusy terms. Several estates have been offered to the Government for this purpose, but tbey are not ull suitable, and the Minister of Lands will be prepared to receive offers from other owners who have land of the right character in favorable -eituations. The acquisition of land for closer settioment has already heen made « successful system in New Zealand, where tho Minister was enabled to judge of its practical results during his recent visit. Drink " lnvictu" and " Union Jack' Teas. Specially packed for J. and T. Qrogan. Prices to suit ull—Is 3d and Is 4d per lb. Capital teas. Delicious flavours,—Advt, The football social held in the Mechanic's hall on Wednesday evening was a success, financially and otherwise. A fair amount of interest iB being taken in the local football club this year, and a goodly number attended tbe affair with the object of aiding the club in their effort to raise funds. There were about 30 couples present and a very eojoyable lime WHS spent, everything paesing off most satisfactorily. The musie was supplied by Frasera' Benalla band, Mr J. Turnbull tilling the oflice of M.C, Mcsdamtn J Underwood and Morris nml Miss UnderwooJ worked very hard in connection with tlie uffuir and they are deserving of special thanks. Tlie refreshments were supplied by Mrs Sauiboll and Mr Bradley. On Sunday last Mr U. T. Sanderson took souiu horses to tbe local pound, but instead of placing them in the pound yard, he put them in a small yard adjoining, intending to see the poundkceiier aud hand tliem over lo his charge. Unwove,-, some time during the day tlie uniuials were released und driven away. It is not decided uliat steps will be tuken in tlie matter, hut it has been placed in the bunds of the police. The Metcalfe shire council has been threatened with litigation for then-frnd of rates alleged to liavo boon illegally collected on certain allotments held nnder licunso from the Crown. According tu a decision given last year by Mr Justice Hood, llie c allotments, beiifg Crown property, were not r&teablo; for municipal purposes, but a clause inserted in tile Amending Lund Act passed last session makon llieui rateable from the time the act COIIIPS into operul ion. There were a great many of these allotuienta in the shire, but the majority of the holders prefer not to harrass tlie copueil, especially us rates have been collected in similur circumstances in nearly every shire in the oniony. Mr Il<> scfleld, slm-p secn-tai'v. ivc im ticetotbfi Mechanic-.* lustiiiiti: C.MI nitter, on Tiles lay last, tliat it » -is tlie iniciitru uf lbu council lu leave l..uir pres.wit q;i ir ters. According to agreement three mouths' notice must be given, and therefore even should tho council remove to. tlieir new building at ones they will be called upon to pay rent to the Mechanics' Institute committee for three months, dating from Tuesday last, unless tbe committee be willing to forego the amount. At last meeting of the local conncil the secretary reported that'some of those who bad received wire netting were behind in their payments, and bo was instructed to proceed, witlwut further notice, for recovery of the Miiounta due. A good deal of hay is being sent away from the local railway station to feed tbe starving stock in New South Wales, In reply to a deputation representing the rahbit export trade, the Minister naid lie had no doubt he would be able to arrange for regular fortnightly shipments of rabbits, hut could not promise a weeklyclearance, Tbe question tlien arose what period of storage at the cool stores would be allowed. Mr McCullocli promised that the rabbit trade would receive all possible facilities in that respect, but if the chambers were • required for Ineat, butter, fruit or other exports, the rabbits must be sent forward in 4such quantities as would relieve the space. Tenders for. the supply of railway sleepers have been accepted from' the following:—B. CummioB, Longwdod. 1,750; E. Harris, Benalla, Buddaginnie -and Violet Town, 1,250; M. Bigley, Nagumbie, 1000; J. Dooley, Heatlicote, Seymour. Euroa, • Picola, Btisbworlh anil Kyabram, 10,000—all at 3s Cd.- The secretury of tlte local Mechanics' Institute, acting under the instructions of his 'committee, wrote to Mr Slee. of Euroa, •a few woek ago, inquiring whether a draughts, mutch could be arranged with local players. Mr Slee replied on Wednesday '.last, stating 1 that as far.as he''knetfe' there' ivera no draughts players, : and thera- $ fore a match could not -be arranged .The drain being constructed at the north side of Cowslip Street is now.nlmost completed Mr J. Thorn, of CaniainWo, hns received news nf the death, at Liverpool, of his relative Robert 'Itdiwhottom, late sailing master on the Governor's yacht Sunbeam. The Shepparton News states :—" Very heavy payments of rates were made from the 1st to the 10th of June, inclusive. The BUM received on. account of shire rates was £1616 9s lOd, as against £1579 Is G1 received during the corresponding period last year. In addition to the foregoing suins of £135 4s 4d and £13 16B, were rei-eivod on acoount of water and _pan rates--respectively, making a total of £1765 9B 4d received up to Saturday night. Owing to the inclemenoy of the weather on Saturday last the meeting tliat was to have been hold at the Strathbogie North Factory to consider tbe advisability of erecting sale yards was postponed. The best and cheapest place to bny drapery, hoots and shoes is J. and T Grogan's. They give tbe best value for the money.—[ADVT.] To THE DEAF—A 'rich lady, cured of her Deafness and Noises in tbe Held by Dr. Nicholson's Artificial Bar Drums, has sent £1000 to blB Institute, so that deat people unable to procure the Ear Drums may have tbem free. Apply to Department i.e., the Institute, " Lougcott," Uunuorsbury, London W. England. Mr R. Thompson met with a mishap on Saturday afternoon lust, He was driving a horse in a gig when the animal bolted and capsized' the. vehicle, throwing" Mr Thompson out on tbe roadway. Luckily the uccident wus unattun.led by any serious cinsequences, tho damage- being very slight. On the previous day Mr Thompson was thrown from a horse anil recei cd some painful bruises. The net proceeds of tho tea-meeting and concert recently held in connection with the anniversary of St. Dunstan'a Church was £12 2s Oil, as against £13. odd realised at the 1898 anniversary. The railway revenue is showing an improvement upon recent returns. Cash paid into the Treasury for the week, which ended on Friday luBt, amounted to £43,580, or £4094 more than tbe receipts for the corresponding week of 1898. From 1st July of last year to Friduy last tlie receipt* amounted to £B,717,070, us compared with £2,485,275 for tlie Hume purtion of 181)7- 98—an advance of £231,795. On Friday evening next, lite 23rd inst., tlie Honeysuckle Mnsieul Cluli will givu an entertainment in Violet I'myn for the joint benefit of the Mochuiius' Iiis'itnte and Ladies' Benevolent Society. Ai the money to be raised is to tie devoted to iv - goad object, it ie to be hoped theuffair will be well patronised. At u meeting of the Recreation Reserve committee on Tuesday cvuning last it JVHH decided to plant a few more trees in the'*' reserve, providing the council supplies them. One of the con-initti-e suggested that a special day should tie set apart for planting, and that a few of tlie oldest residents of the district should be asked to put in the trees. Mr T. G. Hofkin has tlefinutely decided to offer himself as a candidate for the Central riding scat in August next. Grcut interest is already being evinced in tli» contest between Mr lloskin and tlie tetiring member (Cr M'Shane). It is also rmnoreit that Mr Job Gibbs intends opposing Cr Wiikins for the North riding. The ordinary monthly nrieting of the committee of the Mechanics' Institute took place on Tuesday evening last, the fo'lowing mouthers being present :—Messrs Wallace, Qi'ogan, Rouertson. Thomas, Dr. Sjbelberg und the secretary—Mr Southern. Mr Wallace was voted to the cliuir. The minutes of the last meeting were read anil continued, on the motion of Mr .Grugan, seconded by Mr Uobi-i- io-in. Lellere front .Messrs llailclilfe timl Luscoiiibe wore received, Accounts amounting to £lt> 12s 8d were pat>seil for piyiuent. Tliu secretary reporied having co lectcil. the sum of £4 10s since lust meeting uml that tlie credit balance at tiank wn« £54 lis 5d. The report was receive.I. It was. decided thai n «peri:il meeting should be held on the fi-st Tuesday in July to pass ull accounts nnd arrange matters for tlieannual meeting. The secretary wap instructed to got in all outstanding accounts, by that date. 