> v Brothers of the Chain. BY GEORGE GRIFFITH, Author of "The Angol of the Revolution," " -"The Outlaws of the Air," "The Gold Finder," "The Virgin of the Sun," ... I &C.;, &C.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XVII.— LIEUTENANT STOR- I MONT. iWIhen he got to Portsmouth, Stnndlsh put tip at ICoppcl's Head Hotel on the Hard, partly because It Is one of the most com fortable hostclrios on 'Ulie South Coast, but chiefly because It Is the principal resort of the naval officers In port. As soon as he had talceu his rooms ho said to the young lady in the office: — -"I've come to see Lieutenant Stormont, Of the Minerva. I don't know him, and ho 'doesn't know me, but I want to sec 'lilin very particularly. Can you tell me the best way of getting Into communication with him? Does lie ever come here, for instance? I Jjelleve his ship came Into port last night." ' "I'eihaps the best way for you' to do would be to seud a boatman out with a letter nnd- your card," She replied. "I don't sup pose Strangers would be allowed to visit the ship yet, but of course n letter to one of the officers would be delivered. At the same time, it is very likely that Lieutenant Stor mont will be ashore 'this evening. : He gene rally comes in here of . an evening when he's nflhore." ' -"Thank you," Sa'ld Stnndlsh. . "I'll just Bend a letter off at pnce.'t-"- He went Into the coffee room and wrote Ills letter, and a reply to It came back within iiu- hour. "The reply ran: — "Dear Sir,— I know you by name, though not personally. I was on the North Ameri can station two years ngo, and made the ac quaintance of . some people in Boston who know you and your father. The subject of your note Is a' very interesting one to mo, and I shall be most happy to meet you this evening, as you suggest." Part of Standlsh's suggestion hud been dinner at 8, which was served In the private sittlngroom which he had engaged. Lieu tenant Stormont be found to be a typical British naval officer, clean shaven, quiet, and n little shy at first, but a man Who, like all his- class, carried with him an unmistakable euggestlon of reserved force. The mutual acquaintance at Boston served as a sort of Introduction, and - until tlie .waiter was dismissed the two men- ohatted easily on general subjects; but as soon as they were alone over Ithelr coffee nnd clgara nnd liqueurs, Standlsli took the "Globe" out of the pocket of his great cout, which was hanging behind Ills bedroom door, and said as lie came back Into the sittiugroom: — "Now, lieutenant, we may as well talk business. I didn't 'trespass like this on the time of a busy man who has just got back home only to have the pleasure of dinner nnd a chat with you. I want to tulk about this steamboat limit you saw. I suppose you've not sccu the London afternoon pap ers yet?" "No,?' said the lieutenant, 'I've not. Is there anything about our mysterious friend In them?" "There Is," said Standlsli, opening the "Globe" at the page which' contained the story of the finding of the sole survivor .of tlie Scandinavian, and putting It before his guest. "Just run your eye over that, ileuteuaut," he continued, poiutlng to the column. "Then look over on the next puge and under Naval Intelligence you'll 11ml something about yourself nnd your myste rious friend, nnd when you've done that we shall he able to understand each other bet ter." The lieutenant took the pnper and began to road without a word. He was not a man of much speech when there was either think, Ing or acting to be done, nnd he know that a man of Standlsh's wealth and position would, not have done what lie had done without some good reason. He read the story through rapidly nnd yet not missing a point. Then he turned over nnd read the version of his own report, which had been a general topic of conversation lu 'the smoking room the night before. When he had finished he look ed up and saw Stnndlsh sitting in his place poring over a mail — a largo one of Afrlcn, Which covered half the table. "Well, Mr. Stiinillsli," he snld, very quietly, "I suppose the meaning of this Is tliJi't you have some rcnBon for suspecting that lllie vessel which we snw off the const is the same as this yaclit, the 'Syblle.' " "You've got It hi once, lieutenant," replied Stnndlsh, with his finger on the map. "Now this is where I want you to begin to help inc. When was It that you sighted this .craft?" "On the night of Inst Wednesday week, the 13th of October," was the reply. "That's nine days ngo. Tills story Is already three days old— that's six days. Now, ns a naval man, do you 'think It's possible for any crnft to get from here, where you eaw lier, to Toulon In under six days?" He had his finger on the spot Indicated by the latitude and longitude in itlio report ns lie spoke. The 'lie put the forefinger of his loft hand on Toulon. . The lieutenant got up and leaned over the map with his hands on the table. . "It's a very. long way," he said, delibe rately. . "No', I shoiild 'not Say that It was possible. What I mc-au Is I don't kupw of any sen-going crnft that coiilil do tlie dis tance lu the time. At a rough guess I should sny that it Is considerably over throe thousnud miles— nearer four, In fact. The Lueanin herself couldn't do It by a day; and this craft was nothing like the Lu- cania." "But I thought that the report stated that she travelled at an cuoamous speed?" asked Stnndlsh, with a touch of disappointment In Ids tone. "She certainly seemed to do so," replied the lieutenant. "For iustnuce, wc were going seventeen, and she ran away from us just as a destroyer might have done In smooth water; hut thou you must also remember that out at sea appearances nt nlglit arc very deceptive. Still, of course, there are the two facts, that he was travelling very fast, nnd that ho was going without lights, and If wc hadn't lost Ihlm so soon I should have felt Inclined to give him a lilut with a four-Inch guu. Beastly bad manners, you know, when you're spoken by one of her Majesty's -Ships not to answer." "But you did get n good look at her with the searchlight?" said Standlsli. "Oh, yes, just for a moment. You know when you see anything with a searchlight like that it looks like a ghost coming out of the darkness. Still, I had it hue to see that she was apparently a yacht of considerable size " "Do you libluk you'd know bcr again, lieutenant, if you saw her?" Interrupted Stiundisli quickly. "After all, that's, a good deal more to like point.". "Well, yes; I 'think I should," replied the lieutenant, slowly,. "You see, wc fellows at sea have to have a knack of taking In a skip's appearance very" quickly, and although I didn't see her for very long — only a few mo ments, In fact— I saw her very distinctly. And of course 'the circumstances themselves would tend to cause me to remember her." "Well, that's good enough for me," said Standlsli. "Now, lieutenant, I want you to do me a favor, which I should lnive no right to ask you for, only that I believe you'll grant it If you can when you know the rea sons." "I should certainly like 'to solve the. rays, tory myself; and as I have a couple of months' leave due to me "Just the very thing I was going to ask you," said Stairdlsh, interrupting him eager ly. "I'm going to ask you to spend that leave, or some of it at any rate, In a trip across Europe to the Mediterranean, ami, If necessary, further. I wnut to find this Syblle, and I want you to tell me whether she is the 'boat that yon saw; and before you say 'yes' or 'no' to that I'll ask you to let me tell yoit why I want you to come." The lleutcuant leant back In his chair nud took a sip a't liis coffee, giving no evidence of surprise at the somewhat singular re quest, and said just as quietly ns lie had spoken all along: "Please go on, Mr. Standlsli, I'm sure your reasons will be worth hearing, arid I shall be most, happy to full ill. with, your wishes, If I-ean. Only, of course, I ahull have to run home for a day. or two first." " "Of course," said Stnwdlsh." Take a smoke. I can recommend itlieso. Well, now, to put it as shortly as possible, the matter stnnfl3 tills tray. This Mcrrivnlo aud myself are both lu love with the same girl. She's re fused me, aud. accepted hlin, or at any rate, there's an understanding between them, and so you mustn't put wlrat I'm going to say down to solllshuess, because I'm not the sort of man who would risk 'taking 'No' from any- oue twice. Still, this young lady belongs to an old nnd honorable family. After what I have said I needn't, of course, tell you that I respeot her very highly. Now this story seems to be a bit too good; and yet perhaps you've seen tlmt there's one hit misusing, which makes It all read very suspiciously." "I can't sny that I have seen It so far," said the Lieutenant. "But then I've only just glanced through It. What is your point?" "'It's this," said Standlsli. "Merrlvnle knew that tills brother of his, whether the MaTquIs or the convict, was a passenger on the Scandinavian. Therefore, if this story about . picking htm up is true, he must have kuown that ho could only have got Into tha t condition by the Soandluavlnu becoming a wreck, nud us lie knew that, why did lie go all those hundreds of miles up to Toulon without going luto Gibraltar, or somewhere about .there, to report whut had happened? You know, a yacht's not like a mall ship, Lieutenant. Her time's her own, aud n day's steaming Is neither here nor there. Why didn't he do that?" "Well, yes, I must sny that that does look a little suspicious," was the quietly spoken reply. "And another thing," he wont on, staring hard at the map, "a big ship like Unit couldn't run iuto another or get run luto and smashed up, and both ships go down to gether without making a good deul of flotsam of different sorts. Anil beside, you know, even lu the case of the Bourgogue some boats golt away, and, as it happens, we came over that very spot, as far as one can Judge, nnd wo never saw a thing, and noth ing lias been reported. Then, again, no other ship has been reported as lost nt Lloyd's within the Inst fortnight, and cer tainly If anything capable of sinking the Scandinavian had been , lost I Should think Lloyd's would have heard of it by .'this time. But you haven't told mc your theory of the affair yet." ,;'1'9 .tell .you the truth," replied Standlsli, "I haven't- got qne. I only read this story this, morning, and; since then I'ye -been pretty busy thinking, but L must confess I haven't got any very clear ideas to go upon. But for the sake of argument, one might put It this way. Suppose this Merrlvnle Is. not the Marquis, but .the convict. He knows that his real brother, the Marquis, lias sailed In this mall ship. This other Marquis d'Av- rnuche, who 'by the way has oue of the love liest daughters the light of day ever shone on, owns a yacht of enormons speed, and, perhaps, armed with some Infernal contriv ance which couhl send a ship to the bottom In a few minutes. "These two are accomplices. They start out to stop the Scandinavian In mid- ocean, hold her up, -take the other fellow off, and then sink -her. Of course I admit that it's a pretty wild theory, and If I hadn't seen that pnragraph about your report nothing of the sort would ever have struck mo. But It seems to mo that, mad and all as the theory may sound, It's the only way of account ing for the absolute disappearance of the Scandinavian, the absence of all wreckage lu the waters where she Is supposed to have gone down, nud what you saw that night. You'll remember, too, that you saw her fright In the track of the African liners. AVho was she? What was she doing there? And what sort of a yacht must It be that cau steam twice as fast us one of her Majesty's cruisers?" "I am .afraid, my dear sir," said the Llcutonaut, "that you'll find It as difficult to find an answer to those questions as you would to get your very ingenious theory as to the loss of the Scandinavian accepted. You see, It would Involve an act of piracy of the most ntroelous description, and they don't make pirates In steam yachts nowa days, you know. I grant you, of course, that. the. great speed of the vessel we saw Is n mystery. No such yaclit Is known — I mean no yuclit capable of such a speed, because she must have been travelling over 30 knots. Again, tlie fact of her going with out lights on a dark night like that, nud the further fact that, Instead of answering our hall she ran away from us — well, all this Is certainly very suspicious. Whntcver slie was doing, there she was after no good. And so far I follow you. But as for the rest " "Well, then, Lieutenant," Stnndlsh Inter rupted, "If you can follow me as far as that, will you come and follow the yacht with me? When we find her, If you cari say: 'That is the craft I saw,' we can go further; or at any rate I can, because I believe There's crooked work here, and I'm going to get to the bottom of It, good or had, If It costs mo a million dollars to do It. When there's eveu a possibility of an ex- convict masquerading its a Marquis and persuading Violet Seymour to mnrry him — — - ' "I beg your pardon," said tlie Lieutenant, looking up. "Did you -say Violet Seymour? One of the Northumberland Seymours, Isn't she? Slie lias a brother Alfred, hasn't she?" "She lias," snld Standlsli, "aud a very nice fellow, too Do you know them?" "Well," replied the Lieutenant, smiling. "I was at Harrow with Alfred, ami when I flrst knew Miss Violet she was wearing short frocks.. When do you propose to start ?" "Then you'll eouie?" '. .. : "If you chu give me a couple of days to run home, Iwlll," said the Lieutenant. "The SeymourB riro very old friends of ours, and the bare possibility of nuytblug like you sug gest . happening to any of them Is quite' enough for uie. - If I can get leave enough I'll follow that yacht . round the world with you." 1 "Good!" snld Stnndlsh, holding out his bund. "That's a deal. Shake!" CHAPTER XVIII.— A MISSION AND A MURDER. Mark Stnndlsh was one of those men who,; with the, characteristic- straightforwardness of his race, believed that a misunderstanding among friends or acquaintances at a critical juncture was about the worst thing thut could happen; aud therefore he was quite ready and willing to risk minor unpleasant nesses, even though they might, Ju their de gree, be serious, rather than ullow the seeds of misfortune to gcrwluutc lu the too-fertile soil of mystery. . Therefore the first thing (lint lie did when he left Lieutenant Stormout, after having re ceived Ills promise to meet liliu at Churiug Cross in time for the Continental express ou the next day but one following their Inter view at the ICoppel's Head Hotel, was to go straight hack to London, and call ou Lady Seymour and her daughter In Park-street. Violet had evidently explained matters to her mother, meanwhile, and, to a certain ex tent, had converted her to her views. Aud yet not quite, for Lady Seymour was a prac tical woman, mul tlie Stnndlsh millions were very real; nud moreover she hnd lived loug enough lu the world to have her doubts about the hnlo of romance with which Merrlvale had contrived to encircle himself when taking leave of lier daughter, and she hud moved long enough In the best ranks of Eng lish society to know the difference between n French Mnrquls, even of the First Empire, mid a corresponding title In Delirett On tlie way up from Portsmouth he had debated nt some length with himself ns to whether he should say what he had to say to Lady Seymour alone, or whether lie should, ns lie put It to himself, "have It out with both of them at once nnd have doue with It." In the eud he slept on .the difficulty, and the uiorulng helug, as usual, wiser tlinn the evening, counselled him to take the most liouest, If also tlie most difficult, course, aud make his thoughts nnd Intentions plain, not only to Lady Seymour, hut nlso to the girl who had so recently refused him. Of course It was not at all a pleasant thing to do. In fact, he hnd a painfully vivid an ticipation of the cold stare of displeasure which would look nt htm out of Miss Violet's pretty eyes as soon ns she had grasped his meaning, feared that In fact more than anything eislc;, except, perhaps, Whrit; she might, say to him— or,.. worse still, the- Chilly silence In the midst of which he would he condemned to speak. Still, he was not the sort of man to shirk even a prospect like this when he hnd once decided upon what he considered to be the proper course of action, and so, nt 10 o'clock the next morning, he found himself wait ing. just a trifle nervously, In tlie drawing- room of the house in Park-street for the com ing of either her laWytsihlp or Violet, nnd -he nlso caught himself wishing very "devoutly that It would be her ladyship. And this was as It happened. Lady Sey mour came Into the room alone, nnd when the first conventional greetings had passed, Standlsli palled himself up to the full height of his New England stature, and looking straight over her "head, snld, a trifle stiffly and awkwardly: — "Lady Seymour, I've not exactly come to pay you a society call this morning, I've come to have a Eort of understanding with you, which I think — "But won't you sit down, Mr. Standlsli?" said tier ladyship, gliding towards a chair and sinking Into It. "Take that arm eliair. You can talk just as comfortably there. I suppose it 'lias something to do with Violet, hasn't it? She has told mc all about it, yon know." Stnndlsh sat down on one end of a rug covered sofa, and said gravely:— "Yes, Lady Seymour, It has to do with your daughter, hut not in the sense that you appear to mean. Still, as you have men tioned the matter, we may as well go llirougli with it. You arc aware, of course, that I was presumptuous enough to thluk " "Oh, loo, Mr. Standlsli, please don't say that," .liar ladyship interrupted very gra ciously; as 'though she would soften tlie blow -that had already fallen, "please don't sny that. 'There could be no idea of presumption. Quite the contrary." "That's kind of your ladyship, but, If I may so, It Isn't just the point now.. I asked Miss Seymour to marry me; she refused just as kindly as any girl could have doue, nnd she gave me the very best of ronsous. She had already promised heraelf to someone else, and, therefore, of course, as far as I was concerned, that was the end of it. And yet, unfortunately," he went on after a little pause, "that makes what I've got to say all the more awkward, because it's about Mr, Victor Merrlvale, or, as I suppose we must call lilm for the present, the Mnrquls do I'outnrche." "For the present, Mr. Stnndlsh?" said her ladyship rather -stiffly. "May I ask wlin t you mean?" "Just exactly what I say, Lady Seymour," replied Staaidish, more gravely than before. "In short, to puytjjitftqjilaliily, I don't be lieve that stol'lilijhrwiisjpujillslied In the 'Ball MaBfGq?.!'"TCSter4ay .arid, although I have'rio -proofs of any soi'.ypk that you would jtlirrik lyirtffipslisjsGy; jam' going to nskyou,. for tirisak'e ofyyouy daughter and yorir (TaijiUy- — " " At this tnpibeirtilhc door opened and Violet walked 'In.- "All, good morning, Mr. Stnndlsh!" she said, coming forward with outstretched hand. "Good morning! What Is this about the daughter of the family? You must ex cuse mo overheating yon, for I really could uot help It." ... As Standlsli shook hands Willi lier he thought he hnd never seen her looking . so fresh and sweat and entirely desirable; It was , possibly the Irony of fate that 'slie should look ' so': just nt the moment when, perhaps, lie- was going to mnke an enemy of her for life. .' "Well; now, what is It?" she sold, as she went 'towards the window -overlooking the pnrk, -and 'then turned round with her hands behind .'lier, as It struck klm just then, with something of defiance in -her attitude. The situation was even worse than Stan dlsli had thought it would be. Practically lie bad conic to tell her and her mother that lie suspected the mnn for whom she bad pledged her troth, aud for Whose sake she liad rejected him, 'to be a scoundrel, nil as sassin, an escaped convict; and beyond Ids own surmises and a few Shreds of unverified olrcumsbaiutlal evldcmce he hadn't a scrap of proof for what he wns going to say. Men have led forlorn -holies and charged batteries through tempests of death and destruction with less courage than that with which he now faced the inevitable situation. Perhaps lie did it tor the same reason— because it was Inevitable. There wns a moment's pause, which would have become unbearable If It hud lusted a moment longer. Stnnillsli snw this, and rose to the occasion. , Ho also rose to his feet, feeling, man-like, that he could talk better that way than sitting down, when something really, serious liad to be said. "I was just telling your mother, Miss Sey mour," lie began, looking lier straight In the eyes with a steadiness which she remem bered to Ills credit lu after days, "that I don't believe this story about the rescue of the convict from the Scandinavian, which I read here yesterdny; that I don't believe the story of tlie collision, and that " "And that, therefore, Mr. Merrlvale, or rather tlie Marquis de Poutarelie, Is a liar and a scoundrel!" said Violet, firing the tlie words at him as If they'd been bullets. "Is tlint what you cniiic to tell us, Mr. Stan- dish? I should hardly have expected such liMivs from you, I must sny, especially in the circumstances; but, nt any rate, what ever you limy have to sny on that subject, I think you'll agree with mo that you'd better say It to my mother. Good morning!" ' And with ,tlmt Blie walked past lilm with just the slightest perceptible Inclination of the head, anticipated Ills intention to open the door for her, nnd 'Vanished. "I'm afraid you've offended her very much, Mr. Standlsli," snld her ladyship. '.'I'ni afraid I have," said Standlsli, "but I expected -that.' Of course, It would -be qiiltri Impossible for'; iter to understand my motives -as things are; : She would naturally- think that I'm doing what I am going to do because I was second Instead of first Bow ever, tlmt may go for the present. fve my 'no' and I've taken It; but that doesn't mean tlint I've censed either to love or re spect her, or to care for her welfare n„" don't Interrupt me now If you please,' iilr Seymour. Just let me say whut I've Bot say, and let me get it off my mind, and then you can do «.s you please. The facts -ire these. The British cruiser Minerva sighted a yaclit right in the track of the Scnmllin vlan about the time nnd pluce that she'd lie passing there on her way home. That yacht carried no lights, .and was steaming nt a speed which no yacht was ever yet known to steam at. That yacht also, by all ic counts, wns very like tlie Sybile, the one that Mr. Victor Merrlvale left the Solent In ns the guest of the Marquis d'Avraiiehc. She was going northward like nil express train "I have just been down to Portsmouth and hnd a conversation with Lieutenant Slur- mont, who was on blie bridge of the cruiser and saw her in tlie glare of the searchlight He, ns a naval officer, Is certain that she was up to no good. No news 1ms been heard at Lloyd's or anywhere else of such a collision as was described liy like people on board the Syblle. Lieu-tenant Stormont Is, I believe ft friend of your family's, nnd the day after to-morrow ho is starting with me for the south of France, and, If necessary, wo shall scour the Mediterranean from end to end and find that yacht— I-monn, of course, the Syblle— so that he can tell me whether or not slie is the craft Iflialt die saw under the searchlight, hundreds and hundreds of miles out of hor proper course to Nice, and steam ing nt a rate which uo yaClit has been known to steam at yet." "But, my dear Mr. Stnndlsh, wlint on earth does all tills mean?" said lier lady ship, utterly bewildered by these astonish ing statements. "It means, your ladyship," replied Stand lsli, more calmly and Steadily than before, "tllialt If Lieutenant Stormont declares the Syblle 'to be libe same yacht that he saw, wo may find on board of hor the real truth of that story In the 'Pall -Mall Gazette.' It Is noit much to go upon, I allow; but I am going on It to the ex/tent of all I'm worth. You'll understand my motives, of course, If not now, .perhaps a bit later. Meanwhile, I wank you just to promise mo tlmt your daughter slmll not mnrry this nniu Morrivalo for 12 months, and In that time I'll under take to prove whether (he really Is tbo true Mnrquls do Pon'tiu'Olie, as the story makes lilm out to be, or Victor Merdnc, the escap ed conv-lct from New Onlcdoula." "Good heavens, Mr. Stnndlsh, surely you don't mean to suggest anything of that sort!" exclaimed iier ladyship with a little gasp. "Not anything so dreadful as that, surely." "It Is that or the other thing, your lady ship,". . replied Sltundlsli. "As matters stand, your daughter Is going to marry either, a marquis of the first empire, a man of large Income and property, or Ills twin brother, a forger, an assassin aud an escaped convict, whom the French law might lay by the heels at any moment. What I ask you to do now. is to give mo time to find out wliidli Is which before the Irrevocable step Is taken. After all, a year is uot a very long time, is 1-t?" "This really all seems very dreadful, Mr, Standlsli," replied lier ladyship rather feebly. "Almost , Incredible, In fact. But still we know very well that you would not say rt unless there was sonic serious reason. Lieu tenant Stormont, itoo," wc know very we'll, arid.it he lnis suspicions also, of course they, ought to he cleared up. Well, I think I cau do as you ask. Iu . any circumstances the marriage could not take place for several mouths, and I think I can promise you tint It shall be at least twelve." "Very well, your ladyship," said Slaudlsb, comhig forward and holding out bis hand, "that Is all I came to ask for. Of course, uiy suspicious -may be entirely groundless. In thnt case I shall simply disappear beyond the horizon of your social circle, ami no harm will be done to anyone except myself. But If there Is anything In them — " "Ob, of course, if there Is, Mr, Stamllsh, you will -have doue us a service which we can never repay," murmured her ladyship, ns they shook hands. "But, -really," she added, with a woman's natural horror ol such a tragedy as had just been suggested, "really I hope that you will flud your sus picions unfounded." "I hope so, your ladyship," said Staadlsh, not pei'bnps wl-bh absolute sincerity, ns he left the room. But when he got out Into the street, feeling curiously angry at not having soon Violet again, .lie said to himself. "Well, I Won't know that I do. However, we shall see." Three days later he was standing with Lieutenant Stormout by the sea wall of the Promenade dos Anglais at Nice. They laid came lu by the brain tlmt morning. It was the height of tlie scasou aud scores of yaolvts of all sizes and rigs were lying hi the harbor or riding an anchor In the smooth, sunlit bay. Both at them had field glasses to their eyes, and with 'those they 'had been examining tlie various craft minutely for some time. At length Stormout put his glasses down and pointed to oue of the biggest and handsomest yachts lu tue bay, aud said:— "Thai's the craft I saw, Mr. Blandish, unless she has a twin sister. I'm willing lo stake my commission on that. She's an un common rig for a yacht, and 'there » so1"'' hlitng about lier which would mnke a sa noi think 'that she 'lias a lot. more power lu »< than, she -professes -to have. Those funuo s, for Instance. They're a lot too big high -for a boat 'that only pretends to i stea 12 or 14 knots. . Shu's got forced draught tor one thing, and for another she sit quite right for an -ordinary single sc boat. Do you see how her stem lifts. # ns she -lies? I should say 'She's llat-bolto g nearly. half her length, and tlmt her ser , if; thejr: are screwsj. arc right under I; TTrtwpirt tlie destroyer's screws; and I I they P(jt fll| flW1>rl8ed ,f she und tur- F' Lteid of screws. That would give Urn the speed we saw her steaming with could ouly carry the coal, or whatever '/ 7 I1SCS. I can't say that to my eye I i'o looks an entirely holiest craft. I wish r,t I'd "iven her something else thau a nfi X. I saw her last." l!«v 1 never nilnd," said Standlsh, very .,11 ,, "leased by what he had heard. "I "'" the owner nud also our friend Merrt- ; otherwise the M«rq«1. We'll go ou "'V' 1 pay them a visit, and portinps your I .,.'il eye may find out something else. C while, let's us bike a run up to Monte, ami have a flutter. It's quite probable that . ehnll meet sonic of the in there. n; ; uln.,l out to be the case; for tbat jiflenioou they met, not only Merrlvalo and (lie Martinis, but also Ma'm'selle Lena, In he Ins. Ail Invitation to lunch on board tlie ,cht followed as a matter of course, and ilth of then, ln the peculiar clrci.m- «iances, enjoyed themselves thoroughly, the 'tenant being enchanted with the beauties „ .be vncht, anil SPnndlsli evidently flu-ding no little delight in the society of Ills beauti ful hostess. .... The time passed, so pleasantly for both of thorn that it was nearly midnight before the yacht's gig 'took them ashore. They did not notice that one of the gig's crew, the cox swain in fact, who had also olllelatod as the Marquis's coachman i li'Lu lidou and 111 suudrj Other roles since the whale boat had left the shores of La Nouvellc, did not go back with bcr. The hotel at which they were staying was very crowded, and they were obliged In suite of Standlsh's extravagant offers, to . share a big, double bedded room. Standlsh slept very heavily that night, and when he woke late In the onornlng It was to find the room half full of people. A couple of gcasd'aruies were guarding the door, a com missary at police was standing by his bed side, aud when another geusd'arme who was shaking him had roused Mm to conscious ness, the first fact that was borue lu upou his awakening senses was that his friend and companion was lying In his bed only a few feet awny stabbed to the heart. . The second fact gathered In broken sentences of con versation between the commissary and the others iu the room, was that he, Mark Stan- dlsii, was believed ou circumstantial evi- deuce to be the murderer. (To be continued.) 