GENTLEMAN JACK'S LATE ?REPENTANCE. Bitting in »tavern on the old village turn piko were threp men. They bad been driveu from eity to eity became ot tbeir misdeeds and general bad character. Two were heavy-looking, beetle-browed rufTiit iib. with the surly, furtive expression which comes of long residence in convict prisons ; the third man, much younger than hi* companions, was of a different stamp, more ri lined and intellectual, though bis faco also boro the impress of evil passions and riotous living. '. I've been iloae nfore," one sullen rascal wan saying, between puCift at «. short clay pipe, " and I ain't goiu' to be done again puff " if I knows it. I've maiked the crib putt -" it's all serene. But there's a lot of work -puff- an' a lot o' stuff. 1 couldn't carry a quarter ot it, or I'd do the job myself. 1 must have pals. Are yon game ?" " Uamo enough. Spotter," answered the youngest of the three, whose voice in com parison with the first speaker's bad finite a cultured ring, despite the slang, " but it is playing low down on Dave and mo to keep us in the dark. Where is the crib ?" " Not Tor distant. I'll say bo more." And Spotter closed bis mouth with a resolute snap that forbade further questioning. " You'd belter stow yer gab, Gentleman Jack," interposed the third, whose closely cropped hair and stubbly chin indicated a recent discbarge from one of the prisons. " When Spottec says it's all serene it's fcood enough for me; an'if you'd wanted a proper meal as long ns 1 'live, it'd be good enough for you." Gentleman Jaok shivered, doubtless at some pernotml reminiscence. " That's nil tight. Dave," he said ; " bal when I'm going to risk anothBr pinob I want to know something abnut the job. I suppose Spotter is afraid we might forestall him P " Dunnn about forestall," growled Spotter, "If you meau slip in fltst, that's just what I atu afcaid of. I've a safe thing. Dnu't both speak at once,but 1 wantter knowif you're ou?" " Yes," said Uentloman Jnek. " Ob, aye.'- Davo answered. " It's good enough for auvbady, bar a blsomin' ediot, if you say so." . .Thi u meet me at the old mill, at 12 sharp, " What about the tools ?" asked Dave. 44 They're planted. D'ye think I'm such a mug as ter carry 'em o» me ? I'm u hout-o' '"ucarpenter, I am, goin* ter start on a job m the moruin'. The tools ain t far from the job, you bet." Dave laughed, emptied his glass and went nut. Gentlemau Jack waited a few momentB, smoking in silence, tbeu followed. When both had had time to clear away, Spotter also departed from the bar-room. Professional burglars do not leave much to chance. Spotter, otherwise known as Hicbard Savage, was leader of the gang. His sobiiquetbe di rived from his occupation, wbicl. was " splitting " likely houses, making tho necis sary inquiries, " bttlmiiig," that is, suborning, ths servants-til short, planning burglaries. Dave Cradileck was also an old hand, recently released from Blackwell's Island. Of Gentle man Jack, even his confederates knew very little, ithich wouid pi rljaps account forSpotter's cautious reticeuce. They were awaro that he had been a " penman," or forger, because he . httl bten senteusedto a term of penal setvitude for that offence, but not one of the gang, which comprised about a dozen expert cracksmen, was acquainted with his real name. Nor will it be divulged here. At the beur appointed the three met at the old mill, each comiug from ndifferent direction. A more suitable night Tor thoir evil enterprise could not huve been chosen Tbete was uu moon, not a star visible, aiiil the darkness conld almost be felt. Spotter at .nee started off in t!i» direction of a suburban town. Guided by his foutiteps, Gentleman Jack and Dave followed at a safe distance. Aftnr a time Spotter left the road and visited a shod in a field. When he r< joined hii companions he carried a car penter's satchel over his shoulder. Half nn hour's walk brought them to a large house standing in its own ground* neur ft paik. The building, however, was quite invisible ; no light showed in any of the windows. But Spotter halted outside the gate, " The crib's there," he muttered, pointing iu the direction uf the house. 41 We've only got a widder an' her daughter to deal with, an' three servants ns sleeps in the attic. But we sha'n't disturb nobody, if we've decent luck." *' Any dogs P" sskeil Dave. 44 There was,'" Spotter replied, under bit breath. " I reckon they're buried in the garden by row," and ht< chuckled ai he tLought of the cruel deed which had robbed the widow of her faithful guardians. They entered the drive,treading softly on the loose gravel. Suddenly Gentleman Jack came to a ?»tund. 44 Spotter," be tvbsipered, .' what's the widow's name ?" " Bletsed if I know," was the reply ; " I nevei ssktd." " SVhit's the uamo of the house f" 44 Dunno. I can't read." 44 Do you know what road it's in 41 Old Boston road, I reckon ; but what's the odds ?'' i Gentleman Jack asked no more quest tuns, but as be followed his companions he muttrfed to himself : 44 Lucy said they were going to live in the avi uup, so it's all right." ?* They werr now at the b«ck of the building. Bpotter pointed down the L'aideu. 44 If we've to cut and run," be whispered, 44 clear oil that way." Turning on a bull's eye lantern, be allowed a momentary gleam to rest on a window near his elbow. It revealed a close array of bars. 44 Every blessed winder in reach is the same," he went on. 44 That's why I didn't take ou the job single- handed. We've got to file 'em through." Their well-greased files made scarcely any souml. In less than half an hour the protecting bars were cut through and removed. With a broad-bladtd putty knife, Spotter then pushed back the window-catch, andliftud tho sasb. All took off tbeir boots and eutered the r< om, a kitchen. Dave closed the window cautiously, and the three crept along tho ball to another large room on tho ground floor, where Spotter first made sure that the blinds were closely drawn, then lit the gn.«, one bur nor, which he turned very low. The dim light enabled them to perceive that the walls wore covered with paintings, but the glitter of cellurcttes uud silver ornaments attiactid them to a sideboard, and nothing elfti ; had any interest. .4 The dinin'-room," whispered Spotter, wl.o had not 41 balmed " the servants for nothing. 44 There's a sight more in that picou o' fur nisher than we can carry awaj." " Let's get at it, then," said Dave. Gentleman Jack picked the lock in a twic k liug. The plate was taken out and tied up in handkerchiefs ready for removal. This <ionr, Davo fetched a cellarette and glasses from the ' sideboard. . 441 reckon we've earned a drink," he mut- . i tered, grinning. | 44 Hold 'ard a bit," Spotter rejoined. 41 It's ' about time tho copper passed. I know his beat. When he's gone, we'll take it easy for 'alf an | hour afore clearing out." He turned the light still lower and listened , I at the window. It was unnecessary. The policeman's tramp could be heard 300 yards away. When MB footsteps were no longer audible Spotter turned up the light ud lit auother burner. 44 We're all serene now," he said. "Gentle men* «ee if you can Hod a box of cigars about." Geotluninn Jack approached the sideboard, ovor which hung a large portrait of an officer in cavalry nniform, now plainly visible io the strong unsligbt. As bis gaze rested upon it bis jaw dropped ; he staggered buck, still with his eyet Bred ou the picture. An exoUmatioa burst from his lips Then, pulling uimself to gether, be wrtlkt d slowly round the room, steadfastly rtgardiug tvery portrait ou the wiill*, while Spotter aud Davo watched him in amazemeut. The tour ended, Gentleman Jack confronted bis fallow burglars, His lips moved, but ha seemed unable to speak. "What's up. Matey uskod Spotter. #,You look us it you'd seen a ghost/' '* 1 have," said Gentleman Jack, with an cltort. 44 Sputter-Dave-we got to put all the things back and get uway." u He's gone balmy on the crumpet," mut tered Dave, iiodrfmg ut Spotter. 44 I'll seo him Spotter's blasphemous expression need not be repeated. .* He must 'ave gone dotty," be added. 44Nu-no,"said Gentleman Jnck, Mrny head's nil right. Put the things back and qomo away, for hi aveu's sake> 1 *' 11 I alius thought the gentlemau was % bit queer in the mit,'*i<aid Dave, nodding at Spotter again. ** Now 1 knows it." 44 What's up with you, man ? '' oned Spotter, a good deal louder than was prudent. *' Just thin,'' replied Gchtlemau Jack. " That picture," pointing to the drawing over the side board, " is the portrait of Oiy father. He's dead ; I killed him. This is my mother's bouee ; I can't rob it," Dave whistled. Spotter laughed incredu lously. 44 Who d'yer reckons goiu' to believe that tale P " he muttered. .' You'd five years for writing a name as wasn't yer own on a Wt o' paper-a matter o' seventy pounds, I've heereil. Garu 1 li* your folks had lived in a bouse liko this, they'd have got you off somehow." .4 Ouly the governor knew," rejoiut'd Gen tleman Jack, 4k aud tLe case bad gone too far. 1 1 didn't want to disgrace them. I've teen an awful acouudrel 1 broke the governors heart, ®ud well uigh the mater's, though she doesn't kuow that l'vo done time. Yes, I've beeu an j awful scoundrel," he repeated, " but 1 haven't sunk so low as to rob my own mother, or see | anybody rise do it," 4* Then you'd better jolly well shut yer I petpers,"returned Spotter, as hostized a bundle of the plale. 44 Pick up some of the stuff, 1 Dave, uu' come aloug," ho added, as be made ' for the door. But Gentleman Jack reached it first. | 41 You'll have to nettle me before you take that," he said. .. Put it down, or I shall rouse the bouse." # 11 You will, will you cried Spotter, in sud den fury. And snatching a, r*volvrr from bis hip-packet he covered his Jate confedrrate. 14 Kow, you just hing small, my line bird, or I'll precious soon drill a bole through yi u !" The door behind Gentleman Jack opened. He turned, but instantly faced about, Imaging his head* In the doorway stood a young girl, clad in a dressing-^own, glancing from one to auether of the three meu with frightened eyes. 11 What are you doing hera ?'* she demanded. And thru she taw the bundles of plate. 14 Burglars 1" she suddenly cried. 41 Jane Andrew 1" Spotter spraufc upon bar. With one groat bony hand he clutched her white throat, with the other he pressed the muzzle of his revolver against her foiehead. " Shout Again,'' ho hin«ed. 44 aad I'll blow your brains out! Dave, bring a cloth, or sum mat, an' gug hfcr !" But the girl possessed both strength and courage By a violent effort ahe fried herself aud rushed into the hull, with Spotter after her. The ruHiau caught her by the hair, which buug loosely to her waist, and digged her back. Gentleman .Tack's face turned of a ghostly hue His breath came in quick, short gasps. His fiats were tightly cleuched. 44 God help me !" he cried, suddenly* 44 I can't stand this I" and with all his force he struck Spotter between the eyes, Iho ruin an let go the girl's hnir aud stag gered serous the room, but recovered himself jb an instant. There was a tornnt of ouths, a flftsh, a crack, and Geutlemau Jack tluug up bis ' arms and fell heavily on the carpet When the terrified servants rushed into the room Spotter and Uave had distippejred. The I plundt r lay where they had left it in their hur 1 riod Hight. Bending over Gentleman Jack's motionless form was their young mistress, sob. bing hyhterically and wriwging her hands, ** It b Claude !" she cried, between her sobs. 44 Claude, my poor brother, come back at last I come here to save my life ! He's dead !-the burglars have killed him. Don't let his mother know !" and she fell fainting across bis body. Gentleman Jack was dead-shot through the heart. His atonement came too late. Let us hope it was sufficient to wipe out his record of crime. The murder caused a great sensation. Gentle man Jack's body was recognised as that of an ' ex-convict, but the police kept their own couu- i sol. The victim's mother and sister never knew the truth. It was uuuecessary to tell tbeiu, as it turned out, for Spotter escaped trial fur that I crime. He w»s killed in a drunken brawl at the very time that the deteetives Wf re seeking him. Soon afterwards Dare was arrest* d for auother offence and sent back to prison. As the mention of Gentleman Jack's real name would only cause pain to innocent people it is withheld. 