:FEMINTER; an, TNE AURORA LAND OF THE SOUTH. JAMES CEOZIEE, B.A; Author of - The Dime of largarets? etc CCHAPTER lX.-(CollftrnZ.) .non are Detwen io? ans nOve nan ired free woman and some fifty slaves. The free'and the bond have kept the same pr" portioual numoers for'ohah immemefa?rs the only distinguishing mark of the lavi s is the short sat hait, which is always aovered with something lile a coil The laves ar admitted into thi ahiefatl throe times each day." ". I hope," Smythe said, " the lovely patrician lady has heanged her eharacter inoe the time f Jrvenala There is half a bull in that, but you will understand what I mean." " As there are ?ly flfty slaves sach of them becomes of coisiderable ralue, and therefore is treated well. oBut t us move. Hillo I here are some of the short haired domestics." Three or four women entered the room and saluted the gentlemen. Of necessity Watson was the interpreter. He learned from them that the presence of the straoger was requloted at tie mornlig meal, after alwhich waste be'hehld a meeting of all thie lalies to dliscus imlportant hialesHr, and to this mretiag the gentlemen were invited. 3The meeting was ehld i an an aprtment off the refetsr lurnishedl in a similarly luxur. ious ma:tnlr a thme other chambers of, thht maa.rvellous edifie. Sme of the ladies cr \- ciiied ononche. These formed an outer circle and were for the most part young. Thle othlers haft chairs like the curale chairs of the oman reontoas , and on a sort ol rele.l platform I?-yan Lucia was seated raving a tiara gem-decked on her haughty heal. She motionl tle gentlemen .to vacant eat: near hererelf, al then ahe rose to ailre-s th-e aoemh'ly. The tame English traslaiaton of ht..r ":crlh gives only a very partial idea of the acn:il erlquence and the gh.wing tlhought which intpjired it. "3lothers and sisters,--fkat women have been slaves a, aye slaine most degradid, he? been a faet too well knowe to all here. We have been shaking our chains in vain. In vain have we aplpnled to laigh heaven i:self -in vain havre we appealedto tohe lhigher instincts of maon hiirelft l?ut hitherto neither Heaven nor man has lent an ear to our priers or entreacira. It ?as not lahrav so. At one tie awomen were lacld i honoeir as the mainstay of the s'.p of state. You know I have been taught by one who knows all things, and witllh her I haw read tile books ot the old days when lthe otler reared the chihl to be an honour to his country and the delighit of hois parens. 'cerhapswromen haldto?olle extent them selves to blame for the change. Their sphere of influenee atl action is definite enouglh. lThey have the homea to look after ; the man has to fiht the stem fight with penurious lnatnre. If the woman steps beyonld aer legitimae splhere she invites a contest in hih shi:e maust be worsted. We are ex ailies. Biut the penalty we have paid for the sins of others has been too severe. We have been used ae goods and chattels are sied and only appreciated for our hbkolute utility. Our master claim each year a tri bnte of our beat. We are not considered in thie itnsaction any amore than are ie he bsts of tsh ea ald land ihoie flesh we cat and of wlhe.s soft fur we anake our raiment. Ilow 1·-Il have heart aed soul revolted against the tyranny'? l ,w loon has the anguish of tlis aerfidnn found voice in the grans echoed thiswlh tHle walls? Bat the first blowhas been struck ; the first stroke on our fetters has sh tt*'red the ola:ns for ever. Neversr more shlma we endure mistreatment. The day of redemption has arrived, or the day of des trnctian is at hand. You saw how the trireme of Fabios wa- in a few minotes at the merry of the wonderful ship wlicha now lies in our harlboer. Some f you hlard th fidrce threats Faiu ? sat'toed-rThreats of vengeance on us as well as on the strangers, threats of a more strict seclusion and sterner pnnisment: fHow are we to meet these threats, mothers and sistors: One and only one way is left us-to trsttonrseletp to the men who have proved that they can defend women as wellas respect them." The hum of approval spread over. the ?ole oassembly, hut Watson' and Murray, whlio follolwed the oration pretty well, eyel each other with asome douhlt--Smythe had caught hIt little of the drift of the discourse It was hardly what they aniticipated. To become the chalmpions of opprcessedwomana homod eas all very well in the abstract, hbut they were very much of the opinion that the women had brouglit the evils on themselves. Elsewhere they had seen how venomously ag-eeaive wonlr ?eane Ilecec with their riglhts aid wrongs, their " woalan aullIrage," tleir unwarrantedl interference with manly pursuits and pleasurer, and consequently they hd omlne ei-mpnthy with the root and hebnch policy of the Teransariana. hllt they had P~i e tco, far to draw back now. Fabius aind lai fellows were not the men to forgive interfearene withl their presraiptite rights. If the3: netaii aanytlhing of the ol toman i lirit the lnoeialihten were tire tile fighlt would la a still one, ead ilow it might. tWatso could not pretend to speak the language-indeed hlie funnd some ditlloalty in speaking Latin,-iehichi was to him a book languagSe--al so le convretrsed wtillt Lucia insacad, a -d asutred ier that what they could do would be done to protect thie in habitants of F.minter. He made strict en quiries as to the number of men in Trans. mare, and found that there were about one thousand able-bodied solliers, besides hundred slaves, and that they hlad some thirty triremes, such as the Aurora had already encountered. Lucia'emnvrcyad the assurance of Watsao to the other ladies, and then tla. assembly broke up. 7What surprised or friendsh arve all thling was that not a smigle voice was raised to deflnr or excuee tCle Tranma-nrian, . And yet tihe grievances of the women were to a large extent sentimental. They were awell anl carefully looked after. Every luxury was placed at their disposal. One had only to-calculate the immense labour that had been expended on the wonderful lava edifice to judge how much care was bestowed an their wellrbcing. Butr.omenarever will hepolis;cal eaonoaisa or ardent disoiples of the doctrines of Malthus. Sentiment is merything with them, logic nothinhg. The wosen crowded round our heros, sxamining them just as mob of duchsuas and countesses in London or IParis crowd Sroaand a viitor from soaao pImliae in the Palcific Tlia attcletian to imodest young imen of the iineteenth cntury--there are a lew left-wae most olapressive. Anyone who has ever got on Ili iesr to address a large nldience can tell the strange effect the sea :i eyes iefore him has on hiu nerves ; and if tlUoe eyes,were all "large, ebon black, and intensely bright, lighting up features of hbeauty only vocying in dalree, the excite meat of the said nerves wroul not be bassened. ''By Jove." Smethe said, "this is an em oarrasment of riclas. Shall ae appeal to sa Reyna to reC ne us from mesucric oat '%Ah ! here ar some fiear of otu-a," f sald .urr-ciy, and toe twro ladies aet-o hbl lIen hetiretL to board tile Auroeranade thlei wayv areougk the romil ando tooka geotinemen sy th arm tpo l lead there aa. "le yenus, hose name cwas really Clau?iI, laughed as tsray anmid Smythe looked rouad foer Wat ms. "Watson was afenenougai; Lucia us cy his sile. "W'smustgatonboard at once and see Syd,'"sid \katoo ho a hab l halted near :is narrow doar. "I wonderi whaat bece sa our dllgaey mna." • The are oae aogh-. k :or m-v bhip" ai lSm'sthe. "flea) nma t h oare cdhan scnatins tsia of it tf t;.ey farad asarsialag -h e5a." ' i.ey awce asiomopcoeal'Ca tho httle pi..r \- y b. ahr tio, ,allm e'otulu h so theeie mibl firhieht?r?- evidently regarded as the Proe wdar in the cold of the open air. The'dingey was waiting for them, and in s ,few minutes rlfey were on board the Aurora, with something of the sensation of returning home after a long absene. Boyd met them a they stepped on the deck and hook hands wfth tho three men a if hehad never expected to see them again. "'pon my honour,"said he "I neverfelt so?neey min all my life, or spent a more mi erable time of it, Your two men came oack after they. w yealj into that block a&r; and -they gave such a rem account of ll the raocedings that I would have given the urora he~ def to be at your side." "At any ratehere re ee safe and oead," said Wateas, "hWe mret have icouncil of sar at once, and so we shall adjoaurn to the chddytyo holdhi't."e . QfAPITER M Watson gave Boyd a rapid account of their dventurces, which excitid the sailor's curiosity to a wonderful degree. "' Women," saidhe, "nothing but women. What a paradise for 3Ifahoroet. "Yes, women, nothing but women; but ereryone of them a queen. By Jove," said Smythe, "I should as soon ask Queen Victoria for the Kohinoor as one of them for a kiss." - " PerhaIp you would find them only women after all,"' aid Murray. "You can't easily push nature out with a fork. Ask Wataon." Watsonanotnally. blushed. "You fellows forget," lie said, "that we avre other.things to think about than the harms of womenadom. Listen, Boyd. We may expect in three days at the most a visit from some twenty vessels like that we peppered so vigorously. I tell you the men have never had occasioe to cultivate war, end therefore the scie'nce wsasneglected, but they rave made such progress in the naatural ,iences that I atn afraid they have reserve powers which will girve us trouble. Just aney the resources of men who could put ogether suech an ndifice as that, who have made the air light.crrying," who have utilised the hidden fires of the earth to pro mote.vegetable and animal'growth, who have madle eletricity and magnetism agents in the hiome life'for every day purposes. It is marrellous-so r'arvellous that our hborted scientific knowledge is only the a.jshebht to it. If they.had had to devote their knorwledge to war our.. little Auroe would not.hare had a ghost of ashow in the encunter." "' Lking at it from that point of view there is something to be considered," said PL'cd. "If there was nothing to be con ,d'ered hot ti?e warlike capability of the trireme Itshtould net troulle my head, Iut y you stata it thereis a udoubt. Now what I should suggest is that wa'mount one f athe heavyCns on that mint. Wecan asily aiul it up. It will gie us some pro teetion if we find ourselves forced to fall back and defend the entrance. The en trance is narnw, thannk heaven ! and ont torpedoes 'i-ill ie useful. What a happ3 tlihaugit it seas t hring1 them." "We may thank you for the thought,' said eatray, "Yes. But I had quite another idea in my Ital. I' theoughlt we might try the efcets of ne of them on ni iceberg. ly meorge ! it weould hate brought some of those big fellows down'with a rare burley. Itrley-herley." " Don't maltreat Shakespeare, you Philis tine," said Mlurray. "lBother Shakespeare jest now. Another ?ing we must do is to keep our dynamos ihrays at work, or at least as .often as iorible. For this reaton I shall up-sail to monow morning fora cruise. I noticed the 'tn'dipped right beneath 'he horizon yester lay, to we shall be able soon to make out a locnt day and night.' I wonder if'this sea trn ay part of. it is open during the long ,rint-r. It wsofald never do for us to be aeefrondppieg, and a gped look-out must 'keplt. 1"-should say soime of the women rould not e?set to that duty. At any rate re must be pretty constantly.on 'the move. If wr'have plenty of room to. mao?vre I ouldn't fear a. thousand of "craft like your :riremes." "'Your Goflings and Maxims are in weak og order, I'esppsse ?"' "1ta1t the viciou beggars are The men erward ctiik there is something in the cind, arid they have 'heen dverhauling all lie arms and ammunition. Gad ! tlrey are ike the war horse and sniff the battle from ":Do you-think they will stand by us ? "Like true bine Britons. They are all .og aleet cile shore. Your dh'gey men eads a highly- spieed report, and the whole c.-sr is in a state of bono drawn expotetatioo." " 'I:oold we epeak to tbcm cand let them tnow how things standl? They haven right o know, for ie have got them into this .eoner. and, by love, they are in the same ox as ourselves." "It mi;ht be as well. At any rate a few words can do no barm. I'll call old Tom, the boatswain, and sound him." Tom cnane in shortly after and made his ?scal solute to the gentlemen at the table. ilis wa' not ac elaborate affair, as it con sist;d of plucking an imaginary forelock riththhe dexter finger and thumb. Tom was a characterin his ?ay. .lb was a typical etiler, one ef that clbass we rarely see oae-a days. Stemn has rlined the old profession. There is no romance in a tea kettle or in an iron pot on the boil. " Well, skipper," growled Tom, for his voice was s tile subdued roar of a ecoming storm, " what do you want with mte?" "~erhaps, skiplper,"said Smythe, point ing to the talle, " Tom waould like to splice tht main Ibrace before barncyig." " Right you are, Mr Smith," sid Tom, as he pouredout a joram from a decanter, "a nip in weather like this never comes amiss." "'And in what weather does it, Tom?' Smythe asked with a gleam of fun in his rye. "eDon't know, sir. Never found it bilge in my life." "Listen, Tom," said Boyd. " Yolt weather eye is open, and you know as well as we do that we are in a corner." " As nasty a hole as any one would want. Right you are, skipper." "We want to bnow from jou if the men wrill stick to Us if it eomoeEto downright fithtic--not a scrimmage, but tooth and nail, ding-dong battle." 'em tu?lnta the quid from one cheek tc the other with the greatest deliberation it the world and said " Would eats sup milk ?" He winked gravely at the skipper and made to the door amid general langitter, the aptain calling out to hnm to send the men aft, In a few minutes some thirty young follows in the perfection of age and strength were mustered on the main deck with the two mates, aessrs Abel and Welch, at their head. There os a jauntylook about most of tlhem that showed they wire perfectly well aware what was the character of the community to which they were such near neighbonrs. The men were dressed in a uniform very similar to that of the Royal Navy in pattern, but of coeee the material was much warmer and more substantial. The uniform, however, displayed all the strength and agility of as fine ship's crew is ever sailed the sea. Eayd spoke to the men in a quiet, conver ,otcona' oenner. "loys," he said, "we haven't seen the end of the scrimmage with .,that craft yet. t'camsL there are plenty tlore of the ?ete .r ' nret it oune itront,ndwe are in for a -"'t :"'c'- and tudc le tiht." Slh:rra'h," sholted an exrthusint . '-IHnah t it," staidlkyvd; "but we may .t oot-eeC, ?tottdtve. Will you t et.. i ?tstsn't be quite so plaant, a a at teoi.t x, a'h t pk.sr owell as yiea. if it etae wa'l :".Ic W\e hoae tiee well 'reatai on tred tiA oeraft, and sailormen m:aw hat thdfmear.." : Thee is another thing I oant to say, tsaid ly. "" You. know what sort of .emtanyc we have up yoder ti'kat I want yuc to do -is to ticrt: those ladies with ecpee. You were e.el-.;ed ae men of charac ter and respectabnit3, and I to ant you to retain your reputation to the end." "You are right there, skipper," said the pokesmon, a fine stapping young fellow of "the gumsuckr" persuasion, and more than six feet high. "You are right there, skipper. We'll hbe on nur good behaviour, but of course if there are good thinns going the foc'sle should have a s we as we as th cuddy." There was a general laugh at this, in which tihe "cuddy "joined. Watson, however, interposed and said "All we want, men, i thi : that you act with these women as if they'wer rospectable women in Ielbourne or Sydney, protected by Britishilaws In faet they arn and will e protected by British law, but I should like to see them even more effectively protected by British chivalry." "That's the sort, Ir Watson," cried some of the men. "Leave it to us and you will make no mistake." The skpipperthen asked a minute of their attention. W"We are no completely isolated that the relations of officers and men are much modified, and so I shall take you into my confidence as to what 1 mean to de. Firsi of all Mr Abel will take a boat's crew and sound earefully up to the pier. If there h water enough for un tolie alongsideourwor? wil be much easier, for I want to get a gur to that point. The first part of our fightinE mustbein the open sea, where we'll have room to turn, hut we do not know what may occur, and we most be ready for every accident. Abovd'all the entrance must be defended to the last. How, hose, you have everytlhin'g in a nutshell, and jutt remembeh that you are fighting, not only for your own lives, but for the fineat and loveliest' womer inthewhole world. Mrl Abel, will you take the boat and try the depth of the watoer thead?" " "Aye, aye, sir." And as 3Ir.Abel an, like all-the rest on aorid, in a state of suppressed eleitement the boat soon shot out from Aurora's quartel m her mission. The water was found tobeh of enormous depth all over the little iharbour. In fact it was evident that the bay was the deep crater of an e~tinet volcano. The men on hoard were in' the meantime as btesy as bees repairing and shifting and polishing. The oentlesien aft thwrndslves examined the armoury which they had laid in fortheir own private use, and that important nuty was tlmost finished when the "randy" the men iingh rhe o heaving the anchor was heard W' \hiskey for my Johnny.: The Aurora was warped to the pier aithoot nmel trouble. There was a crowd ,f womri at tie pier-head, bt they regaco ed .he proceedings with calm interest. The'gun, a old-fashiloned twelve-pounder, was swung rp to the iier, and afteran hour'shard work it was got into position on the promontory. Everything was done tih a will, and no one could .oljet to the natural vanity of the ntio, who did tiheir very best before the fair and interesting spectators. The whole proceedings were watched with the greatest curiosity by the women. They knew ablsolutely nothing of the reason fou all the exertion, but they did not interfere or in any way interrupt the work. They simply looked on. By-and-by Lucia, Claudia, and Lesbia joined the group of spectators, and the attraction ptvred too great for our friends, who at once approacheld. They hadnot ever considered the season for the respect paid te thlese ladies by their companions, but it was evident andsincere. Watsotn asked the ladies to go with him ti tite one-gun battery, saying Ie would explair tb them what itad leen done. And sn writh many significant grins from the tars and a few smiles from the ladies wiit remained, the half-dozen young pople.lpaired oif-in thie most natural way imaginable and strolled alang by the shores of tite unknIowe sea and over the lava boulders of forgotter time. tfnrray, or ratlherHlioraee, was right. You can't drive nature out nith a fork. The whole thing looked as natural there as it would at a garden party in St. John's Wood or at an- "At Home" in South Yarra m Toorak. Perlhaps we shall hear hereafte, what tlhey talked about. Just now it would be unfair to interrupt. " Would myfriendti wish to see for them selves ?" Reyna Lucia asked, and she led thei way throughpleaseant groves of myrtle ans -ledar iwhich, inttelcoing their twining hranches, did not shade the fertile ground but formed a luminous tracery ahaittst tit lofty' baekground of the roof. l?le sit pregnant with its own light suffuised space in all directions, and there were no shasde cast even by the round holes of the stately trees. Andyet tihe trees had not the sran, luxuriance of growth as-in their natutral so and climate; art coul do tn teth, yet nol everything. They had perhaps acquiere other qualities anttl eharacteristtas lt their new habitat, but they lad lost that appear ance of superalmtdant strength and energy which are attributes of tnature tunrestrained, and indeed to sonte extett reminded outon friends of the miniature growth in wiich thie Chinese take such plesurae, dwarfing the giants of the'foreot" into phigmies. To the Englis?imen ev.ything was stranrge with an unusual strangeuess. T'ltey coatt have understood the vagaries of Thibetan Latemasary. or the raioet d'etre of a ruin i the pathless forest of Central Africa, but hIere they had no prior experience o whilch to base a theory andt they coutl only look on and wonder, both of which tltey did to their heart's content. " lere," said Lucia, Ialting before a huge archway, 'here is thie entrance to the caverns trsm twhich or ancestors dug out the materialwith whiclfthey built Fetnmtcr, and thereq are many strange stories told of these glooty catacombs. Our ancestorn had a wnonderftul veneration forold Ronme." "And do not their fair descendants share a the veneration ?" Watsn asktd. ."Even we whose ancestors were painted savages twhen Rotms was the proud mistress of the world, even we hlave asortef reflected glory in her glory, and how mech moronyou-" "01f course we do," Lucia asswered. "Glory in a race or even in a family is always an incentive togneat tthings, ilet-" "1 vote," Smythe interrupted, 'i that wre e'-dore these old caverns." "It is for that reason,",Luna answered, that Ihave ro'ughit you here. Indeed," slin added, sntiling at Watson with her glorious ryet, "it was Canide wlie suggested it to me to bringyou hither ; for what reason I io not tknow, bit Canide never acts withoutt a reason." - - ' " Oh then," said Watson, " we muost goat ,nce.t "Stay," said Lucia; "these 'eatacomhb re different from what ire have up here. It i?a lndarkneas there-thick tarkness-o thitck that it becomes almost palpable. Canide alone knonrs all their intricacies and intdigs but I ihave been in a little way only a little way indeed-and I think I can guidle you. The horror of being lost in thos - arful realms of blackness is dreadful to pause open, and vet there is atradition that when the old state of affa'irs was broket 'cores of women weren driven down and left to perish." Roman neanesombs," said Mfurray,-"and don't pnt to renew tite experience in "You need not fear being lost," Lucia mid. "'Canide knows everythtint And new ItC each tate one of these little araps. Press he littichnob firmlyit'en youwant more Sie drew from terrbe tiree lianps sblaped like those found in Etanstt tombs which the spade of the peasant has unwittiugly "i-qated, but the jet of fname '-which rose clear and brilliant fronl the little s-pout eas supplied hy no oil. It rose pure and steady a lew inches above the orifice lilte an ettanation irom some living spirit confined w'ithin the narronw limits of the lanmp. Thise snte handed to CI'tson, wo sunplied his \- o e no eeree-t . .A orreseientdent sug?-aec"hst "nsum " ] ausedi as a titlnforIndieson aCscunt of - ;heir sell-tknown love oflilenee. 