The Seqret of Monks wood Waste. CHAPTER XXVI. A GHOST Ii T VISIT. The night had grown more and moro over cast during their drive. The wind had risen to a shrieking gale $ the blood-red disk of the moon had dropped entirely oat of sight. Only ono bar of lurid red in tho east showed where sho had hid her face. Torn and black, the raggod clouds rent their angry way across the iky ; and the roar of the sea down there on the Sussex coast was as tho fierce roar of a beast of prey. Tho storm was very near now. CImging to Cyril Trovanion's arm, Mrs. Ingram flitted by tho Rotreat. lie waB moro afraid;, im all probability, than she ; but tho feminine inBtinot still made tho weak woman cling 'to tho strong raa^. ?, Sho looked up tit tho lighted windows of that hidden hermitage with a strange, strong fear. What was he doing — this man who held hor in the hollow of hiB hand — writing, sleeping, or plotting her ruin?,, Oh, ,to know who he was ! to sound the doptbs of his knowledgo of tho terrible past ! And that other ! Sho shuddered as Bho thought of himr the poor servant-lad sho had so merci lessly horsewhipped for telling tlio truth \ Yes, tha truth/ and the woman knew it, It was her own face over again, with enough of hiB dead father to thrill her with hatred and terror to the core of her adamant heart. 'Let us find the will — let mo be this craven upstart's wifo, and share the wealth of tko Trevanions — and I can defy them both. I can humble her , the queenly Sybil ; I oan langh in his face, thiB self-reliant Maegrogor : and I need never again look upon that other. Lot ub find tho will, and tho triumph will bo ours, the victory won 1' It was pitch dark in tho Prior's Walk, and tho roar of tho wind in tho treos was tre mendous. As thoy noared tho maniion, tho groat bell of the turrot-clook began pealing tho midnight hour. Solemnly tho clanging strokes rpng out ovor wind and storm, as though calling on tho dead prior of Monks wood 'and his Bleoping Dominicans to arise from thejr gravos and ropol these sacrilegious intruders. , . Tho teeth of Oyril Trovanion absolutely cliattpred in his head with superstitious fear; 'Afraid, colonel PV./ Mrs, Ingram ? asked ; . and her low, mocking, silvory laugh rang out. If s7iD,! were afraid— and it was extremely likely. — sho would havo diod sooner than show it. '{.It is a gruesome place at midnight, I allow;* Hark- to the owls, how they, hoot ! 'It reminds one of.thewoird propheoy old Hester croonsiaf tor, tho heiress j-f i Trovanion . Tbe bat'shall filt,' tlio owl shall hoot, ' Grim, ruin , stalks, 'with hnsto | The doom shall fall.whqn Monks wood Hall Is changed to Monkshood Waste I 1 ' What tloomi ??'' -Oyril askod. ,? ' Goodness knovvs. The dismal ditty is Hester's own, I fancy. Perhaps she is among the prophots, aud tho doom will . fall whon you -find the will, and tako - from her ovory -rood of land,, evory, sou of money, and turn hor ignominiously out-of-doors. This way Cyril';- wo ontoivby a littlo window on this side half hidden by the ivy and wild ' roses. HoWf well I remember tho first mornXng I camo bore, and Sybil Trovanion found mo 1 Little^ moro than two months ago, and it Boom's' a life- timo.' Light your lantern now 5 this Ib,' tho placo.' 7 .. OyjL'\l. Trovanion struck a fuseo and lightod tho gatidlo, inside liis dark lantern. As,, ho hold it .up,' the ono foobie spook of light fell 011 tho narrow qaseraont Mrs. Ingram had spoken of, all overgrown with clinging vinos. ' Do you ontor first,' sho said. ' I will hold tho light;' Ho was ashamod to rofuso — afraid to rofuso. Ho lifted tho sash easily onough, and squoozod himself , through tho narrow,, aperture with somo diffloulty. . , , , ' '{Safe?' the widow whispored'. 'Yes. Hand mo the lantern ) and now mako hasto. Lot mo hoi p you, Ho drow lior through, and .tho man and woman stood together, in tho stormy . uproar of tho summor night, in tho echoing loneliness of tho dosortod priory — the old :. man's living tomb, Tho fooblo light 'flickering on thoir faoos showed both ghastly with an awo, too groat, for . words.' ? ' .« ? Oomo 1 It was tho woman who spoko, sharply , and imporiously. 1' What bo dong vfova best dono quiokly. Givo mo ytrnr hand ; hold up tlio light. Now,. this .way.' ' Mrs. Ingram led hiinon. Through draughty ooi'i'idors, through suits of dusty, dosortod rooms, up black, yawning .gulfs of stair-way', and apto tlio Adam, . and Jflvo'. ohambor at last,' v,-( , , , I- ? Ori;,tho throshold, both pausod, ? moved by tho sumo impulso, and gazod foarfully around. Thotfoom wnHi preoisOly as tho widow had seen it first. Thoro stood ? tho vast, old fashioned bed) thei'o .tlio . oasyohair . in whioh sho had , ant -;ihtifc night \ . ,1 thoro the flprinouHui.whei'odn Mrs. Tolfor had ourlod horwlfwup to.'sloop, Argroat 'blinking owl1 flftplWl; it8L wings ' in thoil' fftaos mndfleailod,* liootjng,,. away over .tlioir heads,! and 'a ;wholo bngrtdo of rats, holding night carnival, scampered along tho, polishod onlcon floor, \ startled by the midnight intruders. To say that Cyril Trevanion's hair rose might not be strictly true, for his Glengarry cap held it down ; but the cold drops stood out like peas on his white face, ' Come!' again ordered his inflexible littlo commander-in-chief. ' Set down, tho light, and when I press the spring do you bo ready to enter,' She crossed tho room, counted tho clustors of carved roses from the figure, of Eve, found that for which sho look©d- pressed hard in tho heart of the centre cluster, and a sliding-door moved noiselessly back on jtoi grooves. A cold rush of damp, noisome air swept outj and an opening, 4»r £: as Hades, yawned before them. ' Enter /' the woman said, in a fierce, breathless whisper. . ' The will that leaves you all — all /—is within there. Go !' ? I But Cyril Trovanion recoiled with an awful, face. 'And that ia there! Oh, God! I can not — I can not entor thore !' She attored a cry- — a fierce, passionate cry of rage. 'Keep this back, thon!' she exclaimed. ' You coward ! you idiot ! you disgraco to tho namo of man ! I will go!' ; She seized tho laintern, and with set teeth and flashing eyes and ghastly face darted forward into the darkness. .. .The passage was long and narrow— a sort of oak coffin — and, at tho further extremity, , a tiny room — the Prior's Coll, On tho, threshold of this hidden chambor Bhe stood still a second and hold up tho light. Oak floor, oak walls, oak ceiling — black as death ; a pallet in ono corner, a tiny table, a quaint old chair its solo contents. _ And beside the table a - skeleton figure' sat' in- the chair, the flesh and the garments gnawed off his bones by the rata — a sight to haunt one's dreams. And on tho tablo lay the will for which this terrible woman had dared ' and dono so much. . . , Sho seized it as a. vulture swoops*' down on its prey. Anothor instant and sho; was back beside Cyril Trovanion, with a face of such awful ghastliness as no words can describe. ' For God's sake, close that horrible place ! I feel as though I wero going mad !' On the table, among the medicine bottle and liquors, stood a brandy-flask half full of strongest cognac. Sho seized it, raised it to hor lips, and — sot it down empty. 'You have got the will ?' Cyril Trovanion vrhispered, trembling from head to foot. She flung it' from hor in a fury of foar aud horrer and rage. , ' Take it, you craven cur !' You would soil your soul for its possession, but your cowardly heart would not let ypu face—' ? ? 1 ? ? - She stopped, shuddering from head to foot at tho recollection of :the horrible sight sho had seen, _ ? ' Let us go,' he said, ? looking foarfully about himj ' lot us leave this awful charnel house. Quick! Come!' ? - He picked up the parchment, thrust it into his breast, and half dragged her out of the room. Thoy mado thoir way down-stairs, along tho vast apartments and corridors, and reached in three minutes the littlo open win dow. Uyril got out nrst, then assiBtod tno widow. He had extinguished tho light, and waB in tlio act of closing tho casomont, when a heavy step, crashing through tho undergrowth close at hand, made him drop it and recoil, with a scream of alarm. A second later, and, with the speeded of a hunted Btag, ho had bounded away jnto tlio night, and left tho woman to her fato. ? An iron grasp, ioy cold, clutched lior wrigt as sho turned wildly to fly, and a deep, stern voice out of the darkness Bpoko. . ' Como with me,' tho deep voice said, ' and lot mo see who you are !' 