IDA'S SWANS. "The most tiresome creatures in the world are other . people's swans," said Angela. "Of course it is the other people who make them tiresome. In themselves they are often quite harmless. I should not like to be someone else's swan. The position draws attention to your shortcomings." "My cousin Ida, the one who lives in Germany, has just been over here. She brought a swan with her. We Had to entertain him, and new Edward says he will never have one in the house again. His name was Isidore Katzenstein, and he was Ida's very best musical swan. She said it would be such a pleasure for lis to have .him in the house, and she Hoped he would not object to' our piano and our English ways. Edward said he hoped not, too. We are both fond of Ida, and we don't mind her talking nonsense because we know she can't help it. I believe we should Save liked Herr Katzenstein if he had not been a swan. He played the piano very well, but not better than Paderewski or Rubinstein. At least, that is aur opinion. Ida says you can't Ekl'e an opinion about music in this climate, and that. in Germany -no one .would look at any other musician if Herr featzensteln was in thęjoom. - He is an undersized young man, with rather good features, a curious twist in his walk, ajid a very ordinary head of hair. You have only to look at his hair. to knowthat he never could set up as a first- -class musician. But Ida says that in Germany he is -considered irresistible, and that every woman he meets loves him to distraction. When he had stayed with us two days she asked me quite anxiously whether I preferred him to Edward yet. I said I was sure I should soon if only he would play the piano in his coat. Because that very afternoon Mrs Dallas had called and had found him in his shirt sleeves playing the "Walkurenritt," with a cigar in his' mouth and a soda tumbler full -of lager beer at his side. It was Ida's fault. After lunch she invited him to play, and said should not mind at all if he smoked and took off his coat; and the lager beer she poured out with her own hands. ' She always waits on her swans. "Now he will feel at home," she whispered to me. "I am so anxious for him to take back a pleasant impression England." Then Sirs Dallas called, and I got up to welcome her, and Ida came towards us with a face like a tragic mask and said Herr Katzenstein never allowed anyone to speak while' he was playing. Mrs Dallas thought I had two lunatics with me. She doesn't care for music, and while Herr Katzenstein thundered out the "WalkurenrittV he sang it too— with the cigar in his mouth—and Ida joined in. "Why do they whoop like that?" Mrs Dallas whispered, but I dared not answer. I was afraid Herr Katzenstein would stop playing and run out of the room in a rage. Ida says he makes a point of doing so in Germany if anything annoys him. We were really better amused by last year's bird, an odd little "scientific™ doctor. I asked Ida what the qualification meaiit in this case, and she said that Dr. Tomsk did not practise. He wrote pamphlets about his great discoveries; and sometimes, in a light, lazy mood, he wrote novels and poems. She said he would be an improving friend for Edward, and that be had promised to drop in at three to-morrow afternoon, and that we might possibly persuade him to stay to dinner. "I shall be out to- morrow afternoon," said Edward.' "I have an appointment." "Can't you put It off?" urged Ida. "Dr Tomsk might be offended if you-were not 'here to receive him, 1. He is a very busyman." "So is my dentist," said Edward, "and may appointment is with him." Ida thinks Edward rather flippant sometimes. She is always very solemn about her swans. She went on to tell us that Dr. Tomsk has been bom in Germany, and brought up in most of the countries of Europe, and that each one in turn had helped to furnish and decorate his extraordinary mind. -So, "of course, I felt very much afraid of entertaining him, until I remembered that he was a swan. When he arrived I knew that, whatever his mind was, it could not be as extraordinary as his looks and manners. You have seen pictures of a ghost made of a turnip set on a draped'broomstick. Trig head was just that shape, and his eyes were, round, and his nose an irrelevant dab of putty, and his clothes grotesque and flyaway. But. he was very good-humored and friendly, and when he had been about twenty minutes in the house he sat down on the hearthrug-and read Schiller's poems to Ida and me. The poems seemed to excite him, and he soon got up and began to tear about the room, and Ida said my chairs and little tables were in his way. So we moved them as quietly as we could, and when-Edward came in he asked if we bad been dancing. By this time it was dusk, and Dr. Tomsk, who is rather deaf and half blind, - did not notice Edward, and suddenly came at him out of a corner and said to him in a loud, resounding voice, "Auch ich war in Arkadien geboren," and Edward was quite startled and knocked down a Sal viati glass and broke it. But he owned wher. Dr. Tomsk had gone that he certainly had an extraordinary mind. \- "It Is like that old furniture shop you haunt," he said to me, "crowded and bugger-mugger and out of hand. He is an entertaining ass, but we might easily have too much of him." We did. I believe Ida's jiext swan will be a woman. She ls fuli of an incomparable person-called Amalie Boll. In my house affairs go a little Wrong sometimes; we site not/exempt, iike Amalie Boll, .from the ilis Of life or irom its expenses. I can l>Iuni3er; cannot- The people "who serve me sometimes serve me badly. 6he only employs experts. She denies herself notliing, end, most miraculous , of all.^be epends nothing "But ho\v does ptie manage lt? J fepkefl, "She is the most shrewd and capable of women," said Ida. "Amalie Boli," confided Edward to me, later, "I met her last time I went to Eberheim; a gabbling, conceited, managing woman, dressed in green plaid, with yellow stripes. She told me it was a real Eob Roy tartan. The . kind of woman •who will advise yc»u and inform you about everything under the sun—incorrectly. I dined at her house. There were caterpillars in the cauliflower. ~ I remember, because she made such a fuss when she noticed that I didn't eat the cauliflower. I said I would rather not, and she was quite seriously offended. I couldn't help it. I hate caterpillars." If Ida offers to bring this lady with her next summer Edward and I have made up our minds to say that out second spare room is otherwise engaged. Edward says he can always use it for carpentering, and I really think that I would rather see shavings and sawdust, there than Amalie Boll. Because after' speaking to Edward about her I looked at her photograph in Ida's album, and I can quite believe what Ida suggests, that she would find fault with me and all my ways, and make no bones about saying so. "Tour house is very pretty," my cousin admits, "and your dinners are too: but it would shock Amalie Boll to see how little time you devote to your household duties. She is in her kitchen the whole morning, and every scrap of food in the house is under lock and key; in the afternoon, assisted by a dressmaker who enly charges eighteenpence a day, she makes her clothes, and I assure you they look as if they came straight from Paris. In the evening she goes with her husband to a beer garden, or the theatre, or to visit friends, but never without her knitting. She is a pearl amongst women." Nevertheless. Edward and I maintain that we shall prefer sawdust to pearls if we are driven to make a choice next summer.—Mrs Andrew Dean, in "Westminster Budget." 