A BID FOR A FORTUiNE. S"I have talked to you very frankly," she said; "but I believe in sudden friendships." " You have honored me highly," I an swered. What else could a man say 1 She was a very pretty girl with tragic grey eyes. "Am I mad?" she asked next. "Don't people often want to die V" S"Not mad," I cried, "only original. There seems no reason why you should feel unhappy and anxious to be rid of life .but probably you have.not told me all." We were fellow-passengers in one of the daily steamers plying between Dorich and Courtwich, had stepped off the pier of the little seaside place together, and were bound for the larger town, other wise we were strangers. I, an artist, was visiting Courtwich for the sake of its quaint old buildings; Marcia Vane was returning from Paris to meet her brother and her fiancee. She had told me her history during the half-hour we had spent on board. Her wedding with Mordaunt North was to take place next month, and her brother Arthur was staying in Courtwich for that reason. We got into conversation about a paper parcel which she had dropped into the water, and I had rescued; it contained Mordaunt North's portraits, which were fortunately uninjured. ,Was she really mad 7 Could it be pos sible I gazed at her clear-cut face as she leaned back, wrapped in her long blue cloak, against the wooden seat beside me; her skin was smooth and rosy, her mouth quite firm, but there was a desperate look in her wild grey eyes. This girl was cominng home to England to marry the man she declared she loved, after travel ling for pleasure in Europe with a widowed friend, a Mrs Keswick. Then whv'was that nathetic exuression in her gaze. The hour was early morning. There were not many passengers on board, and the steamer was entering the wide mouth of the River MIarwell, psassing distant banks which were low and reedy, where grey herons stood motionless among the sedges. Miss Vane shivered. "What a desolate spot I . . Yet I should like to lie at rest under that green water .. . I am cold . . . and ill . . . Can you get me some brandy '" Her face had grown quite white. As I hunrrI e away I saw her slip alonpg the benqh .bhind the tall piles of trunks \- -hich she had brooght with her, so that . bbewas completely hidden from the other passengers. When I returne. oecarnug - o- uauu.y Miss Vane had disappeared. I searched the steamer for her-in vain ; then I told my tale to the authorities, to whom, tor tunately, I was well known. As soon as I had repeated the girl's strange words the listeners were all of one opinion. She had slipped overboard-purposely. All the passengers but one were keenly inte rested in the tragedy. The exception was a young man who wore black whiskers and a green shade over his eyes; he slumbered peacefully on the bench oppo site. "Could he have seen anything " I asked. "No, sir; he's as fast off as a baby, and he's a Frenchman,"ywas the contemp tuous answer. So Fate had placed me in the midst of a tragedy. I was obliged to tell my tale again and again; to witness its effect upon 3Miss Vane's brother and Mordaunt North, her fiancee, until the case had been finally described as one of "Suicide while of unsound mind.' Marcia Vane's body was not recovered. Her trunks were delivered to her brother, who returned the disappointed bride groom all his love letters. Poor Mordaunt North I had liked bis face in his portraits, but my heart went out to him when we mot in such sad circumstances. He bore his awful loss like a hero, but it was evident that life for him had parted with all its sun shine. In simplest, often broken sentences, he told me that he had loved Marcia for herself, not for the large fortune she had inherited from an aunt. I could well believe it; there was honesty writ ten upon his braw. Arthur Vane I disliked immensely ; he affected to feel his sister's loss most bitterly, but I caught him laughing heartily with his chums one night. Her will left all her wealth to him. Before I left Courtwich Mordaunt North and I were firm friends, and he had asked me to write to him; Arthur Vane en deavoured to keep us apart. Heaven alone know why! Marcia's brother left the town when I did. He was going to seek Mrs Keswick, his poor sister's travelling companion, to find out more details of what seemed to be r strangely audden failure of mental health. S.Before three months were passed I heard from Mordaunt that Julia Keswick and Arthur Vane were engaged, F II. An artist who travels a great deal natu rally comes into contact with many strange people, and sees odd happenings in different lands, but I could not forget my most peculiar experience, that talk with the girl on board the Courtwich steamer, and her subsequent suicide. That autumn I paid a flying visit to Mordaunt Ncrth before starting for Italy. I felt a thrill of horror as the steamer passed over the green water beneath which Marcia Vane was lying. It was just such another morning, cold looking and windy, with the solemn herons standing~motionless by the banks and islots. North was a changed man in appear ance, with grey streaks in his fair beard and deep lines across his brow. He made me tell him again and again all I could remember about the tragedy. " I can't understand it," was his con stant cry. "MIarcia was the brightest, bravest of girls, and our love was a joy to us both. How could her mind become clouded 1 Her letters were overflowing with expressions of happiness .... Let inme show you her photograph." He led me into his bedroom, up to a * large portrait which hung upon the wall. " I could not show you her photograph when you were here before," he said, " for the only one I possessed had been sent, at her request, to a shop in Paris to be tinted. It got lost in transit, but this is copied from another of the same kind which I was fortunate enough to be able to obtain from the original'photographer, Marcia never liked being taken; even her brother had no portrait of her.'" That he talked on rapidly was a com fort to me, for I could not have spoken a word at that moment. My brain was in a uhirl. I could only feel the advisability of not stabbing his wounded heart afresh I . y discovery might mean joy or sorrow for his future! For the portrait before me was not that of the girl with whom I had talked on board the boat. "She-she had wonderful grey eyes," I murmured at last. "Not grey; hazel, almost brown," said Mlordaunt thoughtfully. "Tell me, does that look like the face of a woman who would everdrown herself I My poor wild darling I" .' . "No; indeed, it does not." III. Marcia Vane's death placed her bro. ther in possession of her fortune. Marcia Vane was not the woman who had committed suicide from the Court wich steamboat. These were the two facts which I bore in my mind every second of the day and night. Had Arthur Vano persuaded some already esperate woman to kill herself while personating his sister ' Impossible 1 Yet, some explanation must exist, and Vane should make it to me some day I IMy journey to Italy was postponed; I stayed in London until I heard, in December, that Mr and Mrs Arthur Vane were spending their honeymoon in Cairo. An expensive journey for me I -but on Christmas Day I was standing on the stops of a well-known Cairo hotel, having just made a call upon Mar cia's brother. I had said nothing to alarm him, he had soon goet over the first shock of see ing me, and I was resolved to arrange a lonely meeting with him, when, at the pistol's mouth, he should explain the mystery of Marcia's disappearance. As I turned quickly away, I encoun tered a lady who was ascending the steps. It was Marcia herself-at least, no-it was the woman, calling herself Marcia Vane, who had talked with me on board the Courtwich steamboat. "Look out, Julia I" cried a girl who was with her. Her eyes met mine-she turned white as a ghost, and would have hurried in doors had I not clasped herhand as though ,n i reetinr. "How do you do, DMrs Vane 1" I said aloud. (Julia Keswick, now Julia Vane, beyond doubt I Mly mind was beginning to unravel the mystery I) The companion had left us, so I added in a whisper "You can't escape me. If you want to buy my silence come to this address, alone, in an hour's time, and with a cheque for a thousand pounds." She glanced at my card, then flashed a look of gratitude upon me. "I will come." She came. Directly we were alone she laid the cheque on the table before me. " Marcia Vane will have to be rescued," I said quietly. " Where is she 1" "You will give us time to escape with our money to a safe country before you communicnte with her I" "If I interfere I can scarcely venture to make use of ids,'! was my answer, while fingeriig the cheque, "Trd;e. MaIrcia is in charge of a Dr. and Mrs Murray, in Paris; they have several sham lunatics. I will order them to release Miarcia in a month's time." " Hoiv did you manage in that steamer, you clever woman ". -A vile light gleamed in her grey eyes. "I did not go overboard, but disguised myself quietly behind my trunks, thmrust ing my woman's cloak and hat into one of them. Black whiskers and a green shade soon change a face. ' "You werotho s!Ieping Fronchman 1" "! Yes; ;-no one- saw him go on deck, unt his ticke~ was taken all right, so the authorities were unsuspicious. 0~ ~ ~~~~_,, vn.mrv e, anaoa. "No doubt, Iloved Marci's brother, aut we were too poor to wed; so I planned low to obtain Maroia'a fortune. Now my eusband and I will leave Europe for some spot where the law cannot touch us. That thousand pounds will pay you well for a month's silence." "I am perfectly satisfied,'" I replied, tearing the cheque into fragments, as two detectives stepped from behind a screen. "' Trapped i" cried the woman hoarsely. "Ay," I said, "for Mordaunt North's sake." The real Marcia Lane was soon set free, and it was my proud privilege to escort her down to Courtwich-by rail. She had been well cared for. I shall never forget the radiance of Mordaunt's face as his eyes rested once again on the original of his cherished por trait; indeed, my memory is not likely to part with any incident of that tragedy on board the Courtwich steamboat. 