PARLIAMENT AND FEDERA TION. it nils now been practically placed beyond all doubt that on the day upon which the general elections take place l'or the House of Assembly the people or souin Australia will have the oppor tunity presented to.them of accepting rejecting the revised Commonwealth Bill, and thus of taking, so far as they are concerned, the linal step towards deciding whether federation shall or shall not be brought about. Whatever uncertainty may have existed concern ing the reception that would he given by members of the Assembly—mem bers, by-the- wa.v, who are about to be called upon to give to'their constituents an account of their stewardship—to the Amending Enabling Bill will be dis pelled by a perusal of the report of yesterday's Parliamentary proceedings. Almost without exception those who spoke hastened to make it clear that in their judgment the people should be trusted to determine the- fate of the Commonwealth Bill, and it was easy to gather from the manner in which their remarks were cheered that they ex pressed the opinion of the majority. The legislative Council, it is true, has not jet had the chance of indicating the course it will adopt, but there is every reason to believe that it likewise will* acquiesce in the proposal for a second referendum. Pending the receipt of the measure authoriz ing that step "honourable gentlemen" were driven to the extremity of amus ing themselves with the clauses of the Law lleform bill, a ney did not take kindly to this mental ex ercise, and at the end of a couple of hours adjourned until Tliursda.v, by which time it is expected that they will be in a position to take in hand the special business which the Chambers have been kept in session lo deal with. According to present appearances it is quite likely that the Premier's hope that tiie prorogation may take place on Friday will be realized. It was diverting to witnc%s the mar vellous contortions of some members ol" tlie Assembly who tried to explain" their present attitude 011 the federal question, bike "Birdofredum Sawin, Esq.," tliey seemed to be a good deal in doubt themselves— 1 sposc you wonder ware 1 be; 1 can't tell for the soul o' me, Exactly ware ] he myself—meanin' by thet the hull o' me. Mr. Grainger—the "J. H. AA'arn" of South Australia in federal affairs made the astounding declaration that not one person in a thousand had read the Commonwealth Bill, and not one * in a hundred knew anything about it. AA'e do not believe any such thing, but-assuming that there is some truth in it the implication is that no re form should be brought about or politi cal progress made unless -the people as a whole take tlie trouble to avail them selves of opportunities of becoming acquainted with what lias been pressed upon their attention in a thousand different, ways. Must all legislation be deferred because the man in the street does not interest himself in the projects of legislation submitted, or be cause those who do fail to grasp what should be plain to men of the most meagre intelligence'.'1 Federation in one shape or another has been before the people of Australia for half a cen tury, whilst information regarding the Commonwealth Bill has -during the -past two years been iterated and re iterated for the benelit of tlie public. There has been tlie additional illumina tion ol! speeches delivered by Mr. Grainger and other opponents of union, and bow then c-au it be suggested that the subject is not ripe for treatment? There are many others who thought with liini a few mouths ago, who have undergone a complete trans formation. and they attribute their now faith to the influence of, the amendments agreed to recently in Mel bourne! but he maintains his attitude of stubborn resistance. Mr. Price, who lias spoken so passionately against tlie federal deed of partnership, modestly claims credit for tlie Labour Party as being responsible for the "im provements" made ■ at the Premiers' Conference! He intends to support the movement. The friends of uniop are glad to have his assistance, and will not enquire too curiously into the grounds for his change of front. Other members of tlie party to which lie be longs. who have found occasion to turn their backs upon tlieiv former policy in view of election day, speak quite cheer fully of the blessings which the union of the Australian Colonies is calculated to confer. AYe were > told - during tlie campaign last June that financial and other disasters liad followed federa tion 111 Canada—a misstatement which we had 110 difficulty in effectively meet iug at the time—anil now Mr. Archi bald comes forward armed with facts and figures in order to illustrate the progress made! by the Dominion! More over; ho prophesied that when the border duties are removed Australia will also become prosperous! We wel come Mr. Archibald and other peni tents to the federal camp. Never surely has there been such a sudden: and wholesale conversion since the day of Pentecost! ■ The Premier, in moving the second reading of the Enabling Bill confined himself to an explanation of the effect of the alterations submitted for the ap proval of Parliament. He spoke to a sympathetic audience, and was able to show that a colony which had accepted the original terms by such an over whelming majority in June last might be trusted to agree in April or May next to the suggested amendments. Following upon Mr. Kingston's address Sir John Downer and Mr. Batcbelor contributed entertaining speeches. Their logic was of the spider's-web variety; there was little possibility of discovering where it began or where it led to. The Leader of the Opposition condemued the arraugementsnrrivedat by the Premiers, and promised to sup port them because they tended to wards unification, to which he had no objection. The spokesman of the Labour Party considered that every at tempt made to amend the Common wealth Bill had resulted in au improve ment. He even went so far as to hint that the latest alterations justified former opponents like himself in be coming friends, and straightway he an nounced his intention of voting "No" on the referendum! The deadlock to Sir John Downer is like Banquo's ghost at Macbetlr's feast. He cannot get away from the apparition of dis aster associated with the provision dealing with disagreements between the two Houses. If Sir John really believes that the system will work out as he predicts, his logical, indeed, his only consistent course, is to join forces with Messrs. drain gel* and, Batcbelor and light for the indefinite postpone ment of union; hut he apparently has not the courage of his avowed convic tions. The debate on the whole was distinctly favourable to the terms now offered to the colonies, and it is quite clear that 011 the hustings the majority of candidates will he found warmly ad vocating the acceptance of the Com monwealth Bill in its new form. This will he patriotic as well as profitable, as the majority of electors 111 South Australia, recognising a reasonably good bargain when they see it, are not likely to neglect the opportunity of entering the Federation as au original State. There is no good purpose to be served by talking at large 011 the En abling Bill, and tire sooner members do the work for which they have been specially called together atrd disband tire better pleased will their consti tuents be. 