HERE AND THERL work ot the Great Io'dUnSniMida Hall way. Tbclr plaoea have been taken by the mill Ury. A wife Id Amerlu vrho has begun an that the ghost of her btuband'a first wifs themselves into a 'Oood Health Club.' They cyclist. He kicked thi back wheel of the machine throwing the rider to ths ground. 2S8.S05 bfrLhs and 192,451 deaths were rcfiUULred in the Dnlt«i Kingdom in three The birth-rate was 26, the death rat« 19, and the marriage rate 17 per 100D of Lhe popula the United StaUM Navy, has died after lying helpless for a year, Buffering from it ii Bald, be mainly dp voted to phihialliropy. He hufl already expended about £ IS ,000,030 Vetxopolltian Police Lo pwifl helmet* of an a Bcene lhat one lady worikippcr fajnted. co'eryVoilaebody. L ^^ P'' ™ ° ' | wav«nd be wu precipitated into the Btalli fcelow. A two-yur-old girl wandered on to the with ha anuH kctosb the mpt*l». AltkDQgh tha chuck of a Hitch In boy fourteen yiam affo, bas J tut worked Its way out between thfl cbeeksLntJ jawbone. Mr Andrew Oaraegte has probably |ina philanthropic pnrpo»ea than any othor living man. Hi* recent gift o! £950,1)00 to the nearly £2,400,000. This graat fortnni fcas It will be inter eating to watch the rwalt Allaoppe ham long recofrniAed that thire ts a rapidly increailng demand lor Isfiir beer, they feol that an Eagliih-hrewea -&rtlcli; will commRnd a wide tale. The-plant U U) out^from 50 000 to 60,000 barrel i a year. XTfrything will be in fell working ordnr this moath, and thf product Is lo be ready Berlin ii not an ideal place juit now for the dramatic critic. The Ka.lsar's play Ii and Use mijuu looms large in the eye* of the critics. It may be taken for granted that the dramatic effort will not be dated, betide the critic who damns with faint praise. ItiiuJd that aome of the crilici which have eToked the admiration of slark Twain. authority he la ' a slave to imokring, and is growing ha£if»rd and weary looking ' Mr time he reachei his office at nine in the □ earalgia, to which he la constantly liable, and the Phiujpinea by thn^Critrd Statei clpn specially made from choice tobacco. The moat beautiful woman io England, according to Un Harlow Wflllami, in dr»B» brocaded in lilies, with golden-yellow slamccs and p&leBt; green leavea. She is fact that she never wean h'eraell oat with way of danoinK or playing cardi, she inv*ri 