Ghosts Created at Will. A NEW and decidedly ingenious application of the famous discovery of Professor Rontgeu — theX rara — has been devised by a Frenchman with thoughts directed to the spirit world. So far, these almost magic rays have been used almost exclusively in mediciue and surgery ; but with the inevitable utilisation of every, scientific discovery for the purposes of fraud, it is not a .pessimistic view to expect that before-long the idea will be announced by these unscrupulous individuals who prey on the credulity of the weakminded, but with no special power, and endeavor to impresB them with the fact, that they can not only "call spirits from the vasty deep," but make them come. ' At this Parisian spiritualistic seaDce all the re gular manifestations of the more orthodox and avowed method of spirit intercourse were observed. As soon as the guests had arrived, the lights were turned out, and the room presented, the regular appearance of such occasions, the only noticeable feature being a large number of vases and bits of artistic glass. In the corner, however, there was an apparatus about as large as a magic lantern, which was covered over with a black cloth. As soon as the, room was dark, a hand of gigantic proportions and phosphoresent color passed over the heads of the company. Naturally it produced some consternation, but the demoustrator of this modern miracle reassured his guests in a manner directly opposed to the ordinary spiritualistic 1 medium by the statement that it was only the hand of a ghost and that "no spirit was about." Immediatily a number of luminous violins — for mhsical instiuments seem inseparable from spirit ualistic aeauces made their appearance, and flew about in all directions. As soon as they disappeared njelobe descended from the ceiling like a huge ball of phosphorous, and swayed silently from side to side like the pendulum of a clock. Then a luminous bell appeared in front of the globe, and bowed regularly to it. Immediately all the glass which had been noticed seemed to be alive with flame, and the artistic glassware and cups on the tables became masses, of light. Indeed, the -whole room, which a moment before had been dark, was ablaze on all sides with the soft, bluish, mysterious phosphorescent glow which is so un canny when spirits are about. . The mysteries did not end here, for gradually a human form. appeared. At first it was vague and vaporous in its outline; but it gradually beeame ' finer and more marked, until the form of a tall woman was manifested in the darkness, her face was greenish in hue, and it became horrible by reason of the fact that where the ghosts eyes should have gleamed there were only two., sightless black holes. Hes veiy hair seemed made of phophore- scent fire, and m the long robes in which the figure was enveloped, sparks, which shone like diamonds, gleamed And glistened. Presently the figure raised ita right arm, and from her right hand threw fiamea about. The silence was broken by the beating. of a gong, and at the sound, which war indeed the signal for the turning up of the lights and for the spirits to retire to another world — probably its dressing, room — the seance closed. IIow was it doue ? It is a well-known fact that the Rentgen rays mnkc fluorescent substances shine with a phosphor escent glow, especially anything covered with cyanide of platinum. It ia also well known that, according to the re searches of a well-known maker of seientific ap- paralu-, articles made of glass and crystal shine with remarkable brilliancy under the influence of the X rays, while everything else remains dark. The same phosphorescent effect is obtained by X | rays with diamonds, porcelain, &c.; By covering the machine producing the rays with black cloth, nobody sees it, and therefore nobody suspects its presence ; but the. magic rays pass through the cloth, and light up the glass vessels aud nothing else ; therefore a glass is held in the hand'' and moved up and down, or from side to side can be distinctly seen 'while the band remains invisible- The explanation of these tricks, with this know ledge, is now simple. The violios were made of glass and so were the hand and the bell. They therefore became invisible in the X ray's, while the assistants wbo moved them about remained ns in visible aB if they had been indeed spirits from an other .world. The ghostly woman . was a material lady of flesh acd blood. She was concealed behind some drapery and was enveloped in a veil, which was covered with a fluorescent substance, while her face aDd hair were also covered with this material, When the X rays we're turned on lier, they 'pierced the draperies, .aud lighted her up in the strange manner In which she appeared to the eyes of the startled guests. As it was impossible to coat her eyes as her face. and dress hed been, they did not show up, hut appeared merely as two great holes, and her awful aDDearauce was thus obtained by the 'simplest and most absurdly easy method.— Bear- son's Weekly . 