ir. Lt must have heen- half an ncur before Bob ventured to slip out of bed, light a candle, and examine the jar' which had been "doctored." It was labelled "dis tilled water," and the contents''' of the phial must have been colorless, for there was nothing to show that the jar had been tampered with. He put it back on the shelf; and then, after barricading the door with chairs_ and bags, slipped into bed again, deciding to take Jim into his con fidence in the morning, and, if possible, to test the effect of the stuff in some way. He had hardly made up his mind, it seemed,- before Gerald thundered at the door. Bob rubbed his eyes,; and jumped out to open it. "What's the barricade for?" his brother asked. "To keep out ghosts, eh? How then, Jim, get up, you lazy young beggar —breakfast's on the table." Dr. Everett went over towards the shelves. "I've got to niake up the morning dose for my old patient," lie said; "it won't interfere with your dressing, though." / To Bob's horror, he got down the water jar, and placed it on the edge; of the sink, while he reaehed up for some smaller bot tles. His young brother had not quite decided whether to say anything about the night's adventure, until he had tested the contents of the jar; for the doctor's chaff about ghosts and murders v made him rather inclined to confide first in Jim; and he was not prepared to blurs out a sudden warning. But, on the other hand, he could not remain passive after wnac he had seen during the night. A sudden impulse came to his aid. Seizing .'his walking-stick, he pushed-the jar off the edge of the sink on zo. the mar ble floor, breaking it into a thousand frag ments. "Hullo!" said Dr. Everett,' turning sharply round. Bob, who had made a sign to his other brother to kfeep quiet, was three feet away from the sink, innocently doing up his'boots; Jim was at the other end of the room. ' . i "How did I manage to do that?" said Dr. Everett. "Jolly clumsy of me; the poor old boy'll have to wait for his physic now." He went out of the room to see about a fresh supply of water; and, as soon as he was gone, Jim turned'to his younger bro ther for an explanation. He made a long face, and whistled solemnly when he heard ft. '• -..V "Do you think you'd know the chap again?" he asked, as they made their way across the courtyard to tneir brother's "Rather! He's a tall sort of chap, with a black . By George! there lie is." "That fellow?" said Jim. "Why, he's quite a personage here—Prime Minister or something. Gerald pointed him out to me yesterday. 'We'd better not say anything yet. The dispensary's kept locked in the. daytime, so there's not much risk, and it'll be rather sport to do a bit of detective work on our own account. We'll keep our eyes open and our mouths shut for the pre sent. j ... 