UNDER A MASK. AN ORIGINAL STOEY. CHAPTER XVII. (BV Miss FALLON, BOWNING.) THAT same morning the handsome owner of Woodonga was again dismounting at Western Plains. Kitty came down to the slip-panel to meet him." ' I am glad you came over to-day, Arthur,' she said, freeing herself from his warm cmbraco. ' Aro you ?' he paid, smiling, ' I should hope you would be glad at anytime.' The ghost of a smile flitted across Kitty's face. ' Yes, I am glad to see you anytime.' * I have been watching for you all the morning. I was afraid you might not come until to-morrow.' She shivered as she spoke. ' And suppose I had, my Kitty, what then ? Don't I always come when I can? If I have to put off seeing you for a day, you know it is not my fault, Kitty.' No, I am a silly girl, Arthur,' and slipping her haud within his arm they strolled up to the house. •Is there anything troubling Kitty, Mrs. Graham,' Raleigh asks when Kitty waB not within hearing. ' I think there must be. She has been so very restless this morning. She has beon walking up and down to the sliprails all the morning, watching for you.' ' Yes, and now I am here she wont let me move out of her sight.' Just then luncheon was served, and Raleigh called Kitty in ircm the verandah. ' Are you going to remain all the evening, Mr. Raleigh ?' asked Mrs. Grahame. No, I must go directly after luncheon, but I shall come over again tomorrow and stop all day,' Raleigh replied, smiling. ' Yes ; do come, Arthur,' said Kitty. And we will go for such a long ramble.' ' You know I am only too happy to come when I can, Kitty,' he said a little reproachfully, as he walked by her side down the garden path. ' Would you be very sorry if you never saw me again, Arthur ?' Raleigh smiled. ' You little witch ; you know whether I would or not without asking me, don't you, Kitty ?' ' Yes, I do, Arthur,' she replied, and then, putting her arms around his neck, sobbed hysterically. Try as Le would, Ualeigh could not succeed in comforting her. * Good-bye, Arthur,' Baid she at last. ' You should not say good-bye, Kitty,' he said, kissing the tears from her dark eyes, ' but au revoir.' Then, not wishing to cause her further emotion, he rode away. After riding slowly along for some time, Raleigh was disturbed from hiB soliloquy by someone calling his name. Glancing around, he beheld one of the troopers coming quickly towards him. Good afternoon, Mr. Raleigh,' he Baid. ' We have been all over the country looking for you.' The officer then related what had passed the night before, speaking as briefly as possible. So if you want to tee this Captain Fearless captured, you bad better come with us, for in all probability he will soon be along.' Raleigh was greatly surprised to hear that Haywood had been an outlaw. Although he had not liked him he never suspected him of murder. He had a black record. ' I am glad,' Raleigh thought, ' that I shall now be able to tell Kitty that her father is proven innocent of my father's murder.' At laBt they reached Tunimba. ' Poor beggar,' said .Raleigh, as he gazed at the handsome features now cold and still in death. ' What a way to waste one's life!' Once more niglit was closing in. The police wero by this time rather excited ; Raleigh alone is calm and collected. Abiut half post seven they set out. 1 A little further to the right, sir,' one of the men said. A dull moon shone now and again, sometimes obscured by leaden clouds. Everything was painfully still, and almost any sound could be heard a mile away. Drawing their horses into an adjoining thicket the troopers dismounted, Raleigh alone remaining on horseback. Presently the death-like stillness is broken by the thud of horse's hoofs. The watchers lieten with bated breath, but it is almost a quarter of an hour before the bushes are parted, and there appear^ a beautiful horse carrying the figure of the masked outlaw. As it comes s'owly forward into'tho clearing one of the officers, remounting, rides from the thicket (Raleigh and the others having so placed themselves as to cut oS any attempt at escape), and calling out in clear tones commands him, in the name of the Queen, to halt! ' I arrest you, Captain of the masked outlaw gang." The masked outlaw utters not a word, but touohing the noble animal with the spur makes a dash for the timber. Almost instantly, just as the mooD came from under a cloud, Raleigh rode forward and fired, the outlaw reeled in the saddle, then glanoing. towards where Raleigh was standing fell to the ground with a cry of ' Oh, my God—you, Arthur ?' The plated helmet falling off at the same time and displaying to the astonished troopers the beautiful white face and fast glazing dark eyes of the mistress of Western Plains, Then one of the .tnen recovering his composure a little exclaimed, 'Great Heaven !' and going towards where Raleigh liad been standing they eoold jnst discern. him lying unconscious upon 'the grass. At length they succeededlin bringing him.round, •.fihe is calling you, 8ir ?', ' Oh/ niy God, I shall go mad!' he moaned "sa jhe staggered to where Kitty fey, her'v.head held up by one of the * —to foroe a drop Shepnt her white^and feetily upon his bowed head. " : ; ' ' Kim me, Arthur, and don't grieve.' Even as she spoke a thin line of lood dyed the lips crimBon. 1 Oh, Kitty, what have I done that God should make me Buffer like this !' Raleigh moaned, covering the face of the half unconscious girl with kisses. Presently Bbe again opened her dark eyes, 'You will look after my hospital, won't you, Arthur, and think of me a little sometimes 1' ' Think of youGreat heaven '. as if I could ever forget you,' be answered hoarsely, 'Would that I could die with you; and I killed you, that is the greatest blow of all.' ' You must not let the thought of me make you unhappy, Arthur, dear. After all, I was not good enough ; me a robber by choice. But only to ease pain and to make it easier for many a poor soul to cross the great borderland, fell my friends I thank them all for their kindness to me. And poor old aunty ? tell her, Arthur, that I have gone at last tu join my father. I don't regret loaving thiB earth, only you, who I nm leaving behind, but be happy in the thought that I loved you far better than life.' Great convulsive sobs shook Raleigh's framo, man though be was. The troopers, turning away, coughed loudly Then, feebly clasping her arms around his neck with an effort, Kitty laid her dark head upon Raloigh'e shoulder, and drawing a last long breath of contcntmont, they knew that her tpirit had flown. Many were the tears shed during that sorrowful time. At first everyone had been esger to quell the outlaws But their capture bad broken at least two hearts, for there was another as well as Raleigh that gave up her heart's best hopes when the cold earth covered those two forms. It was Irene Allen, for how was she to know that Hay wood's had been such a dark career, and she loved him. « * * Few changes had come to ihoso far distaot equKtteTS since that sad time, although six months had passed, save for a quiet double wedding, the contracting parti-s beiDg bright Winnie Allen and Tom Brenton, and Ralph Mayford wedding sweet-faced Molly Clayton, the former taking up their abode at Wostoru Plains, for poor lonely old Mrs. Grahame had gone to live with Mrs. Clayton since her daughter had married and gone from her amid the bustle and din of the city, Down the well remembfrcd path to the now ralhd Memorial Hospital, the two young girls vboee lives had bern BO (luelly wrecked ride 'side by side, nnd yet faithful Alice Brenton uever hints at tho cause of her heait break, for ihe knows that her friend loved the man who had so ruthlessly cut short Harry's life. : Poor Kitty,' Alice murmurs as they near the building where the kind old doctor still held the sway. 'This is what 6he gave up her life for ?' ' Yes, for her fellow creatures ?' Irene answered. ' Mrs. Trant and Lilly came hero yesterday to plant some flowers'— for down in the enclosure that surrounded the building, Kitty lay at rest, sleeping her last long sleep. The two girls hastily brushed away their tears an they met the doctor. He was not surprised to see them, for they came down every evening now they were devoted to nursiog, and Irene has tried to fill Kitty's phce; and does not that enclosure hold tbo forms of their lov.d ones, for Irene still cherishes Haywood's memory. ' Well my dears ?' tho kind old doctor gays as he opens the gate, ' are you going down there first ?'. nodding in tho direction of two marble stones, the gloomy reminders of souls that have departed. ' Yes ?' Alice replies softly. ' Well, tell Mr. Raleigh that the doctor eaya to come indoors now ? I don't want him on my hands again, for as I was saying to Mrp. Trant and Mrs. Allen yesterday, that his was the longest and most critical case that has been in poor Miss Carlton's hospital, and yet ho teems quite contented to remain here, for he almost lives down yonder ?' ' We will tell him,' Irene answered. Tho two girls moved towards the monument. 'Poor Mr. Raleigh?' I don't think he has his proper reason, for he never speaks to anyone now ?' Alice remarks. They lay their fresh flowers upon those deeply mourned graves. Alice weeps softly as she always does upon coming there and looking upon the cold while stone, then turning, Bhe finds Irene awaiting her. ' He causod you all ycur misery ?' Irene says, gazing at Frank Haywood's grave, ' and yet I loved him ?' ' That ia enough, dear ? 'tis not for us to judge the dead ?' Irene kisBed her loyal friend, and together they walk to where a large white crosB shaded by two young pines, bears Kitty's name, and uuder that the simple inscription, "To die is gain," markB her last resting place. A man who would not now be recog nised by a chance acquaintance as the handsome owner of Wodonga, leans againBt the stone, his large dark eyes have a vacant stare and his dark curls are white, bis onetime handsome face iB now pain-wrought and haggard. Alice gently delivers the doctor's message. But he only murmurs 'Not yet ?' Irene glances pityingly at the man whose life has been shattered even worse than her own, by tho capture of the outlaws. He heeds them not, for with a soft spoken • Good-night, my darling, 1 shall oome over to-morrow and we shall htfve a long ramble?' ha departs, gently calling the dead girl by name. The girls both bent over the grave and wept softly. It was covored with flowers, and Alice remarks as tbey lay theirs upon the mound, 'someone comes here every day to put fresh flowers upon her grave ?' and so they did, for poor and rich alike had loved the beautiful girl that had como to them ss a stranger and lad lived among them, Under a Mask, At Boise, Idaho, Harry Thompson, one of the best known mining men in the state, has been sent to the insane asylum raving over his mining onerations. H 