The Chapel of Ease CHAPTER XIX.—(CONTIMUKD). By Harriet Riddle Davis. 4 The doctor has gone, sir : he told me to pay, when you came in, that he sees nothing alarming in Mrs Cecil's condition ; that, so far 88 he can judge, she is nervously exhausted, but he thinks she will be all right with rest and care. After you went out, sir, she recovered consciousness, and asked for you, and when told you were not here she became so excited that the doctor was obliged to give her something to quieten her. She has dropped off to sleep. If she wakes again, you may see her; bat there must be absolute quiet ; there must be nothing to excite her.' John stepped softly past the nurse into the dimly lighted room. She followed him, and whispered, cautioningly,— 4 You must not wake her on any account, sir.* John shook his head in silence and quietly took np a position where he could see her face. It seemed to him that it was the ghost of Hester, the ghost of his love, that lay before him. Her face was white and exhausted; her yellow hair had been gathered off her face, evidently in hurried fashion, and lay in a rope over the pillow. Her half-open hards lay nervously on the counterpane, and there were traces of suffering in them and in every line of the face. As he noted them, there swept over him a feeling of emotion that threatened to overmaster him. He could feel the swift tide rise from his heart and spread straight to his lips, which quivered beneath it, and co his eyes which becime suddenly dim. He had to shut his hands to keep down the flood gates. Everything that had been wretched and horrible in the events of the day fell away from him completely. He wondered how anything on earth could ever have mattered to him when balanced against Hester's life ead love : it all seemed so little, and pitiful, and mean. He was so lost in contemplation of her face and in the thoughts and emotions that came crowding to his brain that he did not know how long he had been standing, nor realize how worn out and overwrought he was, until the nurse quietly brought him a cbair, and, placing it by the beds ; de, motioned him to sit down. He gratefully accepted it, aud leaned his tired head against the.fide of the bed, and his long vigil began. Once, later, the nurse came again to him, and said,— 4 You look very tired, sir; you had better go to befl. I will call you if she wakes.' But >John shook his head. He would not sleep until Hoster should open her eves again and look at him. He could not forget the last terrible expression he had seen iu them when she had turned her face to him after the service was over in the church. A little after midnight Hester became very restless, and began to mutter broken, disjointed words. Finally she opened her eyes and looked eagerly round the room, and called John's name in a frightened voice. He instantly bent over her. She was so startled when she saw his eyes looking into hers that John's heart stood still. He thought that she did not know him; but almost immediately the startled look died out of her face, tears gathered slowly in her eyes, she tried to speak, her lips quivered, and finally she turned her face from him. 4 What is it, Hester he said, anxiously, though softly. She made an effort to keep back the tears, and said, slowly and brokenly, 4 Why wouldn't you heat my explanation ? Why did you give me up ?' It was evident that she had either forgotten or had not sensed the marriage service. Her mind had not gone beyond the scene with John in the vestibule of the church ; everything else had been blotted out. John lifted up her nerveless hands in his, pressed his lips to them, and said, quietly,— ' I did not give you up ; we were married, Hester; you are my wife; that is why I am heie beside you.' She turned her face eagerly towards him ; a life came to her eyes. She was abou f to speak again, but the nurse came to the bed and made a warning gesture, .which John understood. He bent his head close to Hester's, and, kisting her softly, said, in a hushed voice,— 4 Don't try to talk any more now, Hester; I shall watch beside you all through the night; I shd.ll not leave vou for a moment, and 1' am strong and happy in my love for you.' The look of relief which spread over her face was instantaneous. She asked no further questions ; she did not want to talk ; John was beside her, he had said that he would not leave he/. She dimly understood that he knew everything, and she could rest at last. With a sigh of infinite content, she smiled into his eyes, then her own closed heavily and she sank into a deep sleep. Her slender, nervous fingers clung to his hand and never relaxed their hold all through the silent peaceful night. And John kept his vigil at her side. When the mail-bag was opened a few days later at Chapel House, there were two letters in John's handwriting. One was for Aunt Jenifer, and one was for Carey Aunt Jenifer wiped her speotacles, adjusted them carefully, aud proceeded to open hers, wondering what John could find to write to her about. Carey carried hers over to the window in order to spell out John's queer handwriting, but her attention was immediately attracted by a big bluebottle fly which had somehow managed to defy the cold weather and was buzzing and humming round with ail the cheerfulness enl conidence appropriate to a day in June. Carey could not attend to her letter, even though it was from John, till Hhe had despatched this exoiting fly. She determined to out hiin in two with Aunt Jenifer's shears, and she was just beginning a lively chase up and down the window panes, when she was astonished to see Aunt Jenifer rise suddenly from her chair, upset her work-basket, arid call out in a sharp voice to the entiie household, although no one was present but Carey,— 4 Carey! Becky ! Jafper! all of you ! They've gone and got married in towa !' i 4 Who's gone and goc married in town ?' I asked Carey, mak'ng dabs at the fly with ' the shears. ' Why, John Cecil's gone and married Hester, to be sure. Well! well! I never heard the like ot it.' 'John and Hester got married?' eohoed Carey, dropping the shears and suddenly sitting down on the settle with a thump. ' 1 don't b'lieve it,' she exclaimed. 4 Yes, here it is : John says, 4 Daar Aunt Jenifer,' (' Dear Aunt,* indeed !' she sniffed, though it was clear from the pucker around her lips that John's adoption of her as a relative was highly pleasing to her,) 4 1 may as well tell y.'.u -without any flourish that Hester and I were married on Wednesday at St Paul's Church, and, barring the fact that Hester has had an attack similar to the one wheu she fainted last winter, and that I have been awfully worried and upset about her, we are the two happiest people I know of. We don't know when we shall return, i hope you will pacify Carey before we come; I shall probably have to give her half of my possessions in order to appease her. Hester sends her love, and will write very soon. ' Yours affectionately, ' It's the meanest, sneakin'est, most lowdown thifg I ever heard of, to go off and get married all by themselves and leave us all out, and then stay in town and hav.e a good time ; 'twould been a heap more fun for 'em to 've had me and Jasper and the dog along. I just tell you, Aunt Jenifer, I'm goin' real mad about it.; I ain't goin' to speak to 'em or notice 'em when they do get back, and I guess they'll wish they behaved better,' angrily exclaimed Carey. Then she was silent while she tried to adjust her mind to the new order of things. At last she broke out again: 'I'll just make John fork over lots of things; i 11 make him gimme the new beagle puppies, and his double-bladed jack-knife, and his best pair of dividers, and I guess I might as well speak for the yearling colt while I'm 'bout it,' she wound up, jumping up from the settle and already full of the idea of her new possession*, which, under the ciroumstances, she knew she could wheedle out of John. 4 Well, I know what Caroline Jenifer's goin' to do,' said Aunt Jenifer, arranging the contents of her work-basket, taking off her apron, and picking the threads off her gown. There was determination in her tone and a flash on her smooth, pink face. 4 I'm goin' to march myself to Dorset, and I'm going to tell every man, woman and child in that village that John aud Hester are married. and I'll wager that before night it will be known all over Dorset parish and the whole country to boot; and if some of those people yonder don't feel about the size of a pea when I'm done with Vm, then mv name ain't Caroline Jenifer.* And Aunt Jenifer, with skirts tucked up, and her sturdy feet encased in goloshes, was soon splashing her way over the muddy ro&d; to spread the news of John and Hester's marriage. Her triumph was complete. The villagers stared in one another's faces. There was no truth in the dreadful stories, and there never had been ; Colonel Brent was dead, and Hester had been a widow after all. and John Cecil had known all the time what he was about. Everybody agreed that it was the most suitable maioh that had been made m the county for years; and the whole parish was in an idyllic state of delight over the marriage of John and Hester, and their anticipated return to Capel House, destined to be to them, in a new sense, traly a Chapel of ease. (THE END.) ' JOHN WOETHINGTON CECIL. 