* Short Story. The Minister's Ghost \--Story. "Good-night bairns ! MIvor, see that they a' gang to bed at a reasonable hour, and dinna sit upno late yessel'. The morn's the Fast Day, mind, and ye're to preach." WTVth these words the Rev. Dugald M'Klhnon took his candle, and beamed rounr on the company. "CGood - night sir ! Good - night, father !" they responded, with much deference. "No, we won't stay up ate." The- door closed. and the old gentle man's footsteps were heard ascending the stairs. " Now. Mr. 3MIvor." said one of the girls. eAgerly, "remember your pro mise" "Certainly. Miss .Tanet" answered the xentleman. rising with much gravity. "I intend to sit a few minutes later my sel. but I promised to see the rest of you off. I am glad." he continued. pro eeeding to light the candles. "that Miss Janet shounld be the one to call me to a sense of " " iddlesticks." said .Tanet. a talL bright-faced girl in a dress of soft crimson. which suited her admirably. She was sitting on a low stool before the fire. tryng to shield her flushed cheeks from the blaze with a huge vcrmson Japanese fan. "Don't be a htmbug. Mir. M3Ivor : you know what I mean-that ghost story you promised to tell us." " Do tell it. Mr. M'Ivor I" "rd -ather hear about pirates." said Bobby M'Kinnon. a schoolboy of 12. "Ghosts are such awful rot." "Then you can go to bed." retorted Janet. " I'll -do nothing of the kind." said Bobby, much insulted. " Go to bed yourself." "You may remain if you behave your self," said Janet. surveying him calmly. \--Mr. M`Tvor. I shan't leave the room until you have told that story." "Is it the will of the compnany that their young blood be frozen and curdled in darkness ? It is a real ghost. remelm ber." " Haw dellclous," murmured one of the girls. "Very well. Don't blame me if you can't sleep to-night." H?e extinguished the lamp as he spoke and resumed his seat. The firelight played-on his dark face, and he looked rwith his spare form. thin.-keen features, and great hollow eyes like a Romish priest worn out with fasting and penance. There was a pause. during which the company sat silent and expectant- and the young minister-gazed at the fire as If fascinated by something he saw there. At last he drew a long breath. P " You know what second sight is," he began. turning his melancholy eyes on Joer Keith. the girl who thought real ghosts dilicious. She shuddered slightly. " I possess that doubtful gift." he went in in a quiet, serious voice. "Appari tions. ghostly coffins, shadows of MTnerals-all these things I have seen, often. in my own parish.. Many times I have heard the tapping of hammers and sawing of wood in the carpenter's shop after his day's work was done. telling that death was coming. Three -nights before a death the sounds are tBeard--it never fails." The speaker paused, and his audience shivered and sat a little closer. "cIt is just :a year since I went to preach for Alexander of Barnatrae. Thnri is nothing at all suggestive of the -suz:ernatural about either him or his wife. but the fannse was big and eerie. full of draughty corridors and wide staircases. It had been an old mansion. and there was- a story connected with It_ Alexander said. but he would not tell It that night. Tie sat talking over old rolle-g days. he and I. until long past -midnight. Then we lit our candies., and Alexander led the way to my room. I should have had difficulty in finding the way myself. for it was up a wide staircase and along a corridor with a number of doors on either side. Z trod jsoftl'. fearing to disturb the household. Abut Alexander assured me the caution was nnnecessary. I was alone in that part of the house. I am not a nervous man.s but I should have preferred one or two neighbours. 3y.room was at the very end of the oorridor-a cheerful. apartment by day. when the sun shone in. but at that hour. with the moonlight: casting strange shadows on everything. It was eerie. 'I said good-night to my host. and retired to my rest when I had convinced my~eelf that a certain suspicious-looking aiadow on the lawn was .caused by a -tree I wasnot a~ all sleepy : so after * time I sat up, Jit the candle thatstobod ? s imnhl table by the bedside and Veran to IooK over my sermon. Tnen . selected the Psalms to be sung. and had just fixed on three. when I felt a sudden rush of cold air. and looked up. As surely as I am sitting here-as surely as. you are listening--" Ian 3'Iror raised his hand impres si-rely and looked round with an un earthly light in his eyes. "The door opened slowly. and a woman glided In." .Toey Keith shrieked and hid her face on JTonet's shoulder. "I thought I bad locked the door; but evidently I was mistaken. and I concluded that this was one of the maids walking in her sleen. I lay back on my pillows and watched the intruder. hardly daring to breathe lest she should turn and see me. for the thought of her suddenly waking and finding herself in my room was em barrassing. Then in a moment the truth flashed upon me. for in the clear moonlight I saw her plainly. I had drawn up the blind : and while my bed was in shadow, by the window it was almost as light as day. This was no servant. Her long. beauriful hair was unbound. rippling in golden waves below her waist. Her dress was loose and flowing,. of some shimmering white srnff-it minded me of 'White. samite. mystic. wonderful.' Once she turned her face towards me-a beautiful face. but pale and drawn with anguish. and the eyes wide with horror. I tried to move or speak. but limbs and tongue were paralyzed. She moaned piteously and wrung her hands : then. to my horror, glided to the window and threw -It open with a terrible cry. There was an answering cry-the wailing of a little child outside. The woman threw out her arms with a despairing gesture, and the loose sleeves fell back. disclosing their exquisite shapeliness. She would have flung herself from the window. but was held back-the horror of it-by a hand. I saw it distinctly, and a shadowy arm. nothing else. I think I realised then something of what Bel shazzar must have felt when he saw the fingers that wrote-mene, tekel. up ha-sin " Then the moon went under a cloud" -and Iana's voice sunk to a whisper "I saw that my candle was burning with a blue flame. iMy hair stood on end. I would have given all I possessed to find myself in the study downstairs, but I could neither move hand nor foot, and if I could, who knows what I might have seen in that long corridor. Those empty rooms-I dared not pass them ! I lay back helplessly watching that tragedy of bygone days. "-There was another awful cry. and again there came the pitiful wailing from outside, fainter than before, and dying away in the distance. To this day, when I read of Rachel mourning 1for her children. tat cry rings in my ears. There seemed to be a struggle, the window was forcibly closed. the woman sank on the floor with hands clasped and the beautiful face upturned in agony. Then the moon shone out, and slowly the vision faded." There was a long silence when Ian had finished speaking. Then Janet spoke. " Who was she ? What was her story, MIr. MI'Iver ?" " Alexander told me the story next day. 'Margaret Elliot of Barnstrae. a beautiful and high-spirited girL fell in love with and secretly married her brothers tutor. When the- marriage was discovered he was in Edinburgh preparing a home for his wife. and on his return there was a terrible scene. for ?rs. -Elliot was another Lady Ash ton. She told him that his wife had been sent to a French convent, and the poor fellow, mad with grief, went abroad in search of her. It.was a false hood. of course. Margaret never left her mother's house alive. Her little child was taken away one night. and Margaret in despair tried to throw herself from the window of that very room I slept in. She died soon after of a broken heart. It all hap pened long ago-last century. I believe." "Poor girl." said .loey softly. " I liked that bit about the candle burning blue." said .Tanet pensively ; "it made me creep." "I should like to see a ghost." said Bobby. " Hush !". said Ivor. holding up a warning hand. "W ?hat is that ?" Pit-pat, pit-pat. came the sound of soft footsteps on the stair. The girls looked at each other fearfully, and Bobby turned very pale. Ian grasped the poker with one hand and threw his other arm protectingly round ..Tanet. Pit-pat, pit-pat. It was coming nearer. Bang! _ .Toey screaimed. and fell .fainting in Ian's arms. He rose. gently deposited her on the couch, and opened the door. Something flew past with a wild cry. Bobby howled, thinking his hour was come. "Who is that ?"' -Ian demanded, sternly. " _'Ior, is that you ?" said a quaver ing voice. from the darkness. "Ang? s and ministefs "of grace de fend us ! A light; lai iulok !" ex claimed Ivor. bending over a heap at the foot of the stairs. Ian dropped the poker and struck a light. and Janet followed him into the passage. "Oh !" she ejaculated in dismay. It was the Rev. Dougald 'KIinnon, In nightcap and dressing-gown, with an extinguished taper in one hand. a stick in the other. and a large japanned tea tray on the top of him. They helped the old gentleman to his feet, and took him into the room to recover. " I'm all right, bairns," he said, when he had been revived with a mouthful of whisky. "WThatever brought you downstairs. father ?" asked Janet, hovering over him affectionately with the bottle. "T heard voices, my dear, and thought it was burglars. Then, when I got to the foot of the stair I tripped on the cat and knocked over the tray." 1 "The cat ! That accounts for the I awful yell." said Ian. "I didn't know whether it was Bobby or the ghost." " Where is Bobby ?" said Janet. look ing round. ".Toey. dear. wake up ! The ghost is having some whisky, and you had better have some too." " Ghost !" repeated 3'Kinnon. I wonder ye havena mair sense. .Tanet. Eli! What's that ? There's a man behind the curtain. M'Ivor." exclaimed the old gentleman, pointing with great excitement to the crimson damask. which appeared to be much agitated. " There is some one there." replied Ian. deliberately rising and going to the window. There was a howl from behind the curtain as he proceeded to unmask the ruffian. It was the valiant Bobby. crouched in a corner. with his fingers in his ears. " Bobby ! What d'ye mean by sic like e:ntrIps ?" demanded his father. in dignantly. Bobby exclaimed with a scarlet coun tenance that he thought it was one of MIr. M'Ivor's coffins, and that he felt a natural reluctance to occupy it pre maturely. " Coffins ! The laddie's dreaming." said -the old igentleman. scandalised. "What way are ye no in bed. Bobby ?" "I congratulate you on the success of your story. Mr. M'Ivor." said .Tanet. " You have frightened everybody into fits." " I wonder at ye. M'Ivor. and the morn the Fast Day." said the old minis-. ter. in a -tone of mild reproach. "They would have it. sir." said Ian, apologetically. "Never mind. father." jsaid .anet, saucily. " we'll do penance to-morrow we'll all go twice to church." " Ye've muckle need." was the dry resoonse. " M'Ivor. light the candles \--TIl see ye a' oot this time." Ian obeyed. and the procession formed and filed out of the room. headed by the old gentleman' and Bobby-the latter much subdued. "We only want surplices to look like a procession of priests and acolytes." said TJanet. laughingly. "Don't you feel like one. Ian ?" " Not I.'' he replied, promptly. "I wouldn't be a Roman Catliolic priest under existing circumstinces"-he looked at .Tanet---" for any considera tion." .Tanet turned round impatiently. " Come along. J.oey. it's time you were In bed with that white face. Air. ?'Ivor. I hope we shan't dream of the colden-haired 'Margaret." " I hope not. Miss Janet." lie replied. with a smile. " Good- night. Misa Toey" -then in a lower tone--" the lady of my dreams will not have golden tresses." It would have-been unreasonable to complain just then of Miss Keith's lack of colour. "Good-night. MAr. MIvor." she said. with a sudden. lovely smile. "I shall never. as long as I 'live. forger this night. or your story,. or--" " Or what. Miss .oey ? No. not till you finish your sentence !" for she was trying to regain possession of her hand. She looked round. half- frightened. They were quite alone onthe landing. " Or " The I' 1s were hardly audible. "Joey . But Joey had vanished.-By J. Strong, in the "People's Friend." 