SUNDAY AT HOME. HANDS OFF! (By Rev. A. B. Simpson.) The story of Uzzah leaves one brief and epigrammatic message to all the ages, "Hands off!" It tells us there are some things that we must not at- tempt to do, even with the best of mo- tives and the most earnest, honest pur- pos:. Uzzah, no doubt, felt that the ark- was in danger, and that it was right for him, to steady it; but it was none of his business. It was an inter- IcLence with God's work. for which .cthers were appointed, and his best ?crvice was to do nothing but the simple task that had. been committed to him, to drive the oxen and let God take care of his own ark. We, too, must keep our hands off God's cause when it is not our business to interfere. There are many people who spend their lives trying to keep things straight, and they often get killed, like Uzzah, for their interference. Perhaps God does not always want things straight ac- cording to our standards of straight- ness. God has not only made straight sunbeams, but he has made zigzag lightnings. God had not only Moses and Aaron to prophesy in regular form. but an Eldad and Modad to speak out of time and out of season. God often in his work raises up specia.l geniuses and irregular methods, and in trying to steady them we may destroy the work of God. Very wise was the counsel of Gamaliel, "If this work he of man it will come to naught, but if it be of God let us take heed lest haply we be found even to fight against God." We must keep our Hands Off Other People. We must simply let our brother alone and rememiber tha.t "to his own Master he standeth, or falleth." Miriam, in trying to regulate matrimonial affairs for Moses, God struck with leprosy, and many a man or woman has been withered for life, spiritually, because of interference, unkindly criticism, per- sonal animosity, jealousy, and bitter- ness. There are many things in life we must keep our hands off—cares and worries. Nine-tenths of our troubles are troubles that never come. We get into all our hard temptations by touch- ing things that we had better leave alone. A wise Christian, will spend much. of life like a good, well-pitched roof, shedding things and letting them roll oil into the gutter and go into the sewer. Others spend their lives as gutters and sewers, catching all the devil's rain and all the dirty water that his emissaries are so ready to throw out, and passing it on until their own lives become rusted, defiled and pol- luted by the contact' of evil. There are really very few things in the course of a day that we need to think about, and if we should confine ourselves to the actual realities of life we should find it possible to, live well, and to ac- complish all life's real work. There are innumerable worries, annoyances, anxieties, cares, 'troubles, and fears that we can simply let alone. Refuse to think about them. Leave them to God. Hands offl'! A Christian woman who had been living a very unhappy life, and was always overwhelmed with burdens and ,with cares of the future, came downstairs one morning telling her family that she had had a beautiful dream,' and that through it' God had delivered her from all her fears and worries. She said she had seen a great crowd of people passing along a broad way and weighted down by innumer- able burdens they were carrying. To and fro in. the crowd a lot of imps were passing throwing these burdens all around and getting the people to pick them up and carry them. Among others she was carrying several of these loads of lead and was almost worn to death. Suddenly in the crowd she saw the face of the Lord coming toward her, and she eagerly beckoned for him to come and help her carry her burden. He looked sternly at her and refused to touch it. He said, "I have no strength for that. I have no grace for loads like this. That is not my burden you are bearing. It is One of the Devil's Bundles, and all you have got to do, is to drop it and you. will have plenty of strength for the loads that I bid you carry." It was a revelation to her. She simply dropped the little black bundles, and instantly it seemed that she was winged with strength and gladness, while the Master looked in her face with inex- presible love and said, "Be careful for nothing . .... and the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your mind and heart through Jesus Christ." Once more when we commit our way to God we must keep Sour hands off. We must let the Lord lead and work. Even, though we do not understand his way, we must still trust. Even though all may seem to be going to ruin, we must still believe that all will be well. We must learn the lesson that David has inscribed in the 37th Psalm, "Commit thy way unto the Lord, trust also in him and he worketh," and then we must add "rest in the Lord, and wait patiently for him." Anxiety is as much forbidden as stealing. Worry is as wicked as worldliness. In the same breath in which he says, "Ye cannot serve God and mammon," the Lord Jesus also says, "therefore, I say unto you, take no thought of your life." Now these sins are greatly aggravated in a life of consecration and dedication to God. It is not so strange that the world should worry, that people who know not their God should be continually struggling for themselves and fighting their own weary battles, but it is a dreadful thing for the child of God to commit his way to his heavenly Father, to confess his confidence in his power and love, and then to worry and fret and act as worldlings do. It is a shame- ful dishonour to Christ, and it is an ag- gravatedsin by the very fact of ourharv ing received the Holy Ghost. It would have been little harm for Uzzah to have steadied his cart had the oxen been bearing a load to market, but it was a very awful, thing for him to do so when the living God was in the midst of the burden that he was bearing. It is a very dreadful thing for one in whose bosom the Son of God is en- throned to be Fretting and Flurrying like the people who know not God. There is a fine story told of an old auntie in the south, who saw a young disciple who had just received the Holy Ghost acting in some foolish and incon- sistent way. "Go softly, honey," she said, "go softly: mind, you are carrying the Holy Child in your arms." Let us go softly, because we bear the mark of God, and in our bosom is enthroned that awful presence before whom angels bow and veil their faces with their wings. 