The Editor ani the Ghosts. Ho was tho editor of a country newspaper, and waB wearily urging his tired horse along the road in the midst of a dense fog, when he heard Btcps approaching. 'What can be the meaning of this strange, unreasonable mist ?' asked the editor, endeavoring to peer through it to discover who tlio stranger was. . 4 It is the gloom cast over our town by the death of the Mayor's grandmother,' returned a voice; and the stranger, coming closer, proved to be a large hairy man, carrying a keg on liis shoulder ' Who are you W ho demanded, putting the keg down and sitting on it. 'I am the editor of the liooloolah Guardian, and am on my way to Mudga- Mudga.' 1 Better turn back with me. You will never reach the town iu this gloom,' Tho editor hesitated. The hairy man was not a very prepossessing-lookiug host. ' I livo only a short distance from here,' continued the other, ' and, as you're a literary gent, I can show you something •worth seeing. Ghosts! 1 livo iu the haunted hut!' The editor repressed a momentary thrill aud entered boldly,' I will come.' Without another word the stranger picked up tho keg and strode on before. The hut was 110 distance away, aud proved to bo a fairly comfortable inside. The owner handed his visitor a pail- of hobbles, and whilst he unsaddled his steed, proceeded to pour some of the liquor from the keg into a bottle. 4 You said you were au editor, I think ?' he remarked, when his guest returned. ' Have a drink ?' The editor did so, and remarked, as he put down the pannikin, ' tho Booloolak Guardian is my mouthpiece, and I may . add that I am considered ones of the leading journalists iu Australia.' * Ghosts,' wput on the hairy man, « are like mosquitoes. You get inoculated aud don't mind 'em. But fetch a plump stranger along and seo how ho suffers. Now, these ghosts will have a high old time with you to-night.' * Are they pretty bad F' enquired the editor, somewhat nervously. ' Some of 'em; but the ones I object to are the prosy old duffers who have yarns to tell. That is to say, I used to object to them,' ' What is the best thing to do f' 'Argue with them. Argue with a ghost and it bothers him at onoe. For instance, an awful-looking old 6iuner comeB iu and say6, iu dismal tones, " I'm tho ghost of William John Wliito, who was murdered in this lonely hut ten years ago." Then you up aud say, " How do I know you're William John White P" " Why, I Bay I am," he returns, getting mad at once. Then you laugh scornfullike aud say, " You ought to be ashamed of yourself. I met William John White in Melbourne last week, and wo liad a drink together." This altogether capsizes liira, and ten to ono he sneaks off to try and find out whether he really is the ghost of William jTohn White or not.' ' And do they nil aot so ?' 'Well, not quite all. Some of 'em's pretty stiff, and high and mighty, but you cau tuways make 'em lose their temper in the end, and then they're done for. A ghost what hasn't got command of its temper has no show at all.' 'I think I grasp the idea,' said the editor. 'Any snakos or bluo dogs?' 'Now, that's the beauty of living in a haunted hut,' returned tlie other, ae he pas6od the rum bottle. ' I'm so used to ghosts that if I got a touch of the horrors I shouldn't know ' the difference. One more or less wouldn't much matter. Who did you say you weref The guest swallowed his drink, then boldly replied,' The editor of tho Hooloohth Guardian, and yon may add the finest leader-writer south of the equator.' After supper, and some mora converse tionon the, habits of the ghosts, the hairy maupttspared to go to rest. .'There's a 6paro bunk there,' ho 6aid, ' if you get tired of the ghosts. Here's some papers, and the lamps will last most of the night. Have another drink, and tell me your name again.' '•I^Onduct the Dooholah Guardian, and am 4jenei?illockupwludged to be tho only living journalist in , Australasia,' and the exfitofr replaced lis jmnnikiu on the table tt^nftfr'-defirafe bang* 4 Well, good-uight; keep yo^yipeker dip,' and the hairy man was asleep as soon The editor picked up one of the papers, and commenced to read about the causes of the prevailing depression. Presently ho nodded and dropped asleep, but after an hour's uneasy slumber, awoke with a start; for bo was conspious of the presenceof TSE FIRST GHOST. Before him stood a tall, dignified figure, dressed in the fashion of about thirty years ago. Its arms were folded, and its gaze sternly fixed on the startled man. 'Who ate you?' demanded the editor. ' I am the first ghost.' This restored the editor's wite. 'Oh! of course. Take a seat, won't you f' The figure made a scornful gesture. • I suppose it is really immaterial to you whether you sit or 6tand. But, ju6t to oblige me; it looks so much more sociable.' 'Listen!' cried the pale, unhoeding spectre. ' I liavo much to tell ' 1 All the more reason to sit down.' The ghost stamped a ghostly foot. 'Will you listen?' ' On one condition.' ' Mortal, dare not talk of conditions to a disembodied spirit.' ' Can you hear me ?' 'Of course I can.' 'Then, as long as you talk, I'll talk, unless my condition is compiled with." 'Say on,' returned the phanton, resignedly. ' I will listen as long as you like, if you will first allow mo to read this article to you.' 'What is it about?' ' On tho reconstruction of banks.' With a long, sorrowful wail, the ghost wrung its shadowy hands and vanished. ' I did that nearly as well as our hairy friend could have managed it. Now for the second ghost,' aud the editor refreshed himself with a part of what was left iu tlio bottle. He raised his eyes with a sigh, and there stood THE SECOND GHOST. He was a little old man in bush dress, and almost before the editor had finished saying 'Who are you?' he commeuced to gabble: ' I am the second ghost. My name ' ' Stop! stop!' cried the niau. ' We must have a few words first.' ' But that's not right,' said tho puzzled spirit. ' It goes, I am the second ghost. My name is Jeremiah ' 'Will you be quiet?' yelled the editor. Tho little man stared at him, with distress in its shadowy lineaments. ' Yon assort that you are the sccond ghost ?' ' Yes; yon always ask,' Who are you ?' Then I 6ay I am the second ghost; my name is Jeremiah Jumpnp. I was ' ' You are not the secoud ghost,' interrupted the editor sternly. ' I have reason to know that yon are the fifth.' ' But that can't be; for nearly twenty years I have bad to say I am the second.' ' You have been ieceived. You are in reality the fifth, but the fifth keeps you out of it because it is au easier place.' ' Well, that is a shame,' growled the old man. ' Who is the fifth now ?' 'Tho fifth? Oh! that's Jim the oonvict. He'd do anything.' ' Jim the convict, is it ? I'll straighten him -up ivlien he comes. Now, gooduight ; to-morrow you shall take your proper place.' The sccond ghost departed, scratching his head in doubt and bewilderment. ' That was well done,' said tho now self-confident editor. ' Good gracious! who are you, my dear?' For THE THIRD GHOST waB standing right at his knee, in the shape of a pretty little girl some six years old, looking at him with a pleasant friendly smile. ' I am the third ghost,' she said. ' Are you ? And have you anything to say to me ?' . ' I lived near here when I was a real little girl, and I am burned underneath the big shady tree where my swing was.* ' And how did you come to die so soon, little one P* said the editor. ' I waudered into the bush aud was lost one night; the rain came on, and I got wet, caught a oold and died.' ' Poor little woman. Is mother alive F' ' Oh, no; she died soon afterwards. 1 was lier only littl* one. She is the fourth ghost. ' Aud is that all, my dear ? Goodnight ; I suppose you can't give me a kiss ?' But tho child was gone, and a sad-faced woman was standing in the room. 'I believe I have the pleasure of seeing the fourth ghost ?' said the editor. . . 4 She did not answer, only sighed. ' I just had a conversation with your charming little daughter. 3Iay I ask -—' But giving lnnl a most pathetic look, she was gone. 'No fun in those ghosts,' said the editor. 'Now for our friend Jim and THE FIFTH Gucer.' He was quite tho conventional convict —dress, irons, scowl' and everything correct. The editor looked at him, aud burst into a loud laugh. ' Here, I say, what are you giving us ?' said the ghost, scowling worse than ever. ' Mean to pretend you ain't frightened ?' .'Frightened of youP Why, man, everybody is fall up of you. You've been done to death in overy newspaper in the colonics—morning, evening, weekly aud monthly. Sometimes you ore ' Jack the larger,' a tale of the past; sometimes 'Bill the Lifer,' a story of the convict Bah! I can't tell you how side erybody is of ' And you yon. wouldn't shako in yonr shoes if you knew I had been hangeu for murdering five men iu cold blood ?' - ' Not a shako. Frightened of you—ha, lia, ha! it's too rich!' The sco wl had faded into an uneasy expression. ' I say, mister,' said the ghost, ' all that gyver isn't true, you know. 1 ' What do you mean P' ' Why, that I wrote them things in the papers, I know I'm a humbug and a fraud, but I never did that, 'cos I can't write.' ' When did you die ?' ' Only about fifteen years ago. . Of fcift't ft r»l convict nt.aU. Jtyt there was a convict here once, but ho got sick and went away, and I was given the job.' ' A real convict ghost, was lie ' So ho always said ; but I expect he was a fraud, too. He told me how everybody qnaked when they saw him; but they won't quake at me. How he nsed to make 'em lie thero in cold sweats when lie told 'em that he used to bo called " Gaptain Bloodybones" and " Jinx, the Murderer." All lies, I can 6ee now.' ' Just look here, my boy. Isn't your right place No 2?.'. . 4 Yes.. Jerry the hutkeeper's got it now. Jim bounced him into it—said it was too early for him.' •Well, you change places kgain; he "iyants to come backhand<'—I say, hi J" for the ghost was on the vanish—' who and what were you when you wore alive ?' ' A rouseabout!' and ho was gone. '' I am getting sleepy and about tived of these ghosts,' said the editor; I shall be glad of the appearance of THE LAST GHOST/ ' If you had as mncli of their company as I am forced to endure, you might well say so,' said a voice. The editor looked up. A dapper little gentleman was leaning against the table paring his nails. ' That'6 your ghostly opinion, is it ?' 1 It is. We are overdone. The profession of "ghost" is too crowded. For instance, here am I, forced to come and haunt a miserable hole like this, whan I was never within hundreds of miles of the place.' 'How is that ? I thought ghosts only hung around the scenes of their earthly existence.' 'O, Bunkum! That's all played out now. I had to come, because there was no room for me in town; and I can assure you I don't care,for the billet at all.' ' What remedy would you suggest for this state of things V' 'Well, t'he Sk tdea' Standard ie full of correspondence on tlio subject; but in my opinion tho remedy should bo a sweeping one.. .At the end of this century I would put a stop to fresh ghosts. Anyone who died after that date should 1)0 compelled to remain in their graves. Tho ghosts now in" existence would settle down in SrAVr?,^ ******* ^ ally get back to their proper quarters.- Why, thero are, I am told, at least twenty ghosts in this old hut.' " ' Who conies after you f - ' One of the old school. Says lie was a wicked miser, and offers to show you hidden treasures. Don't yon b« fooled by him. He never buried a brass farthing • never had it to bnry.' 4 And after him 'i 'A pirate, or something.of that sort*; probably never went further than Hobson's Bay iu his life. But I know very little about them ; they are a low lot.' ' I think I shall go to sleep,' said the editor, with a yawn. 'Best thing you can possibly do. Good-night.' ' Good-bight,' returned tho editor, and ho was sound asleep before the miser had time to » put * in an. • appearance. # # #. 'How did you get on?' asked thd' hairy wan, who way frying a steak when the editor woke up. •First-rate. I think I had tlie liest of it all through, thanks to the 6ouud advice you gave me.' ' lliero was a run on tho rum-bottle > last night,' said his host, holding up the dead marine. 4 It was tho ghosts,' remarked ' the editor, as he went outside and soused his head in a bucket of water. * - * » • * ' # ' ' • " ' If anyone wants any ghosts, you lciipw whero to Bond them,' remarked the bairy mn, as fee eboofc Unde at pivtfy^. j 1 1 shall not forget. I bad 110 idea ghosts were so amusing, Good-bye!' And the editor resumod his interrupted journey to Mndga-Mudga. 