THE BUDGET. That the financial proposals for the ensuing year of Parliamentary life, as submitted by the Premier, should meet with some opposition, is only what might have been expected from previous ex periences. When there is a serious deficit there is evident discontent, al though the causes are well known and not attributable to the Ministry of the period, and when there is a surplus, small or large, there is an instant demand for con cessions and extra expenditure, which, if acceded to, woull quickly absorb the whole amount. Sir Glokgb Turner, after yeirs of adverse influences, has been successful in producing a handsome sur plus, a tiling itself to be rejo:ced at asan indication of returning prosperity, but he is not inclined in the first flush of fortune to be unduly confident, but rather is in clined to the opiniou t1 at the next year's returns will not be nearly so satisfactory. He is, therefore, reluctant to indulge in any profuse expenditure on account of a present plethora, and in this, while he is supported by some members, there are many others who are inclined to resent this caution as unnecessary and clamour f->r the expenditure of the public money i i satisfaction of the claims of their respective constituencies. But apart from these trere persoual considerations it is very apparent that there are several of the Treasurer's proposals which meet with almost general disfavor. The Income 'J ax, although the necessity of its imposi tion was reluctantly admitted on its in troduction, has always been a sourco of deep dissatisfaction, not only from the inquisitorial nature of its enquiries into bu-iness and private concerns, but the harassing manner in which it has been c irried out. Like the Income Tax in Eng land, which was introduced some fifty years ago as a mere temporary measure, there seems no prospect of its abolition, especially as the Premier has announced his intention to, if possible, insert it in the Statute Book as a permanent measure. It was stated some time since that it was intended to make some remissions on the higher scale, which were felt to be op pressive, but on the other hand it is now proposed to lower the minimum to £100. and thus include its scope a larger num ber of contributors to the tax, with the object of making up the £49,090 which the Premier estimates he will be de ficient of to make up the £150,000 which he cousiders will be necessary to establish a system of Old Age Pensions. It has been shown, with some pretention to accuracy, that even were this amount provided, the relief afforded would be ab surdly small, averaging only about 2s. fid. weekly, aud if this be so it seems scarcely worth while to extend the in fluence of an already obnoxious impost for so inadequate a result. It is well- known that the Ministry are not very enamoured of their Old Age Pensions measure, professing that in view of the imminent union of the Australasian colonies, it should be left to the Federal Parliament to formulate a comprehensive scheme applicable to the entire Common wealth. It is therefore most likely that the measure will be quietly shelved for the present, and thus the proposal for widening the scope of the Income Tax can be abandoned as unnecessary. The system, or rather want of system, in pre senting the Post-office accounts, as usual provoked strong animadversion, and so severe indeed were some of the criticisms that Mr. Duffy was roused from his ordinary self-complacent impassiveness to once more champion >. the department, Which he has declared to 'be be a model of efficiency and incapable of improve ment. A surplus, on paper, is shown of betweea £40,000 and £50,000, but in view of the peculiar methods of book keeping adopted by the Department its reliability is very problematical. There seems to be no doubt about one thing, which is that be there a surplus or not, or be it l#rge or small, we may abandon any i present hope of a return to the Id. rate of ' letter postage, and are doomed to retain this relic of barbarism for a further ihdefi- nite period. It was assumed by one mem ber that the mercantile class was the only one that was anxious for the reduction, and that the farmers and others were in- indifferent. . It tnay be taken for grauted that the correspondence of the ag- : ricultural class is not nearly so large as that of the mercantile, but wo doubt if the farmer would ap prove of paying 2d. on each of his letters when Id. would be sufficient. The obstinate retention of this tax on correspondence is the more exasperating, that while an Ocean Penny Postage has been successfully established between Great Britain and several of her principal colonies, a letter in Victoria cannot be conveyed for the smallest distance for less than doubje that charge. Had such a reduction been proposed by the Prem ier, even at some sacrifice of revenue there is no doubt but that it would have been cordially approved as a welcome boon,.- and an advance which would have brought us in line with other countries and relieved us from the stigma, so ignominious to a youngs state, of being apathetic and unprogressive. There were other subjects of equal importance, such as the railway expenditure, the reduction of graiu freight-, the proposal to expend a large sum on further protection of the Gippsland Lakes Entrance, and others ; which gave rise to considerable discussion, and which we shall refer to in an early issue. ' The Hospital Ball. — That the ball this evening at the Beechworth Town Hall, in aid of the Ovens District Ho?pi-_ tal, may be taken as an assured success is without doubt due to the generous alacrity with which the idea was taken ' lip by. the ladies of Beechworth, and energetically prosecuted by their committee. In this they have been ably assisted by others throughout the district, and everything presages an assemblage such as has not beeu seen in Beechworth for many years. It was stated at the ladies' committee meeting on Tuesday that they already had £80 in cash, which -would probably be in creased to at least £100, and is, of course, exclusive of the numerous donations of articles of food and drink that have been liberally furnished. The decorations will be artistic and striking", the floor will be in a perfect state for dancing, and, with the services of- the Hon. Fred. Brown, M.L.C., as Master of Ceremonies, and a band including the mo«t eminent musici ans of the district, everything promises full enjoyment intheterpsichorean revelry.' For those who do uot prefer such active exercise there will be ample provision for card-players and smokers. A large attend ance from all parts of tho district is anticipated, and the ladies feel confident of handing over the results with a very small deduction on account of expenses. Oxley Shire President.— Cr Evans, who was recently elected President of the Oxley Shire Council, occupies the unique position of being the youngest man who has ever attained that position, and very probably his record may surpass that of any other councillor in the colony in that respect. That the choice of his brother councillors is fully justified is shown by the fact that durum the time he has been a member of the council he, has gained general approval for the judicious and able manner In which he carried out his duties, and which will furnish an ample guarantee as to his ca: pacity for sustaining the more exalted position to which he has" been promoted. Reductions in Botoheb Meat.— An important announcement appears in an other column, notifying reductions in the price of meat, by three of the principal butchers in Beechworth, as given in detail. This will be welcomed by liouse- li- Iders generally and especially by those blessed with a large family with healthy appetites. Departmental Examination at Wan garatta. — — Wangaratta has been made the centre for examination of the district contingent of the 14,000 Victorian appli cants who recently applied for some 350 billots as cleaners, clerks and appren tices in the railways. These arrived in Vangaratta by the morning and midday trains on Tuesday and Wednesday, and were examined by a group of officers of the Railway Department. Truant Officers. — Provision has been made in the estimates of the Education department for the cur rent year for the appointment of 17 truant officers from the 1st January, As the result of a recent announcement to that effect, the Minister of Public In struction has been inundated with letters from members of Parliament and others urging the claims of their friends to these appointments. Mr. Peacock, it may be said, lias nothing whatever to do with the selection of these officers that being a matter which rests entirely with the Pub lic Service Board, which will invite ap plications in the usual way, and choose the most suitable applicants. Local Option Poll.— The poll taken by Captain Burrowes, P.M., in the licens ing district of Rothesay was a distinct failure, and the application to have a second hotel established at Glenrowan will, therefore, be abandoned. As there are 372 ratepayers on the roll one-third of these were required to vote before the poll was constituted, but only 50 persons visited the six booths. Forty-one votes were cast in favor of an increase of the licensed houses within the division from four to five, and seven against, two votes being informal. State-School Vacancies.— The fol lowing vacancies for head-teacliers are advertised in the " Government Gazette — Chiltern, 327, class 3b, percentage 79. average attendance 296 ; Melbourne road, 1740, near Beechworth, class 7, per centage 80 ; also for female assistant, 8tli class, Beechworth. 1560. nercp.nhurA as average attendance 357. Test of Narrow Gauge Engine. Several test runs of the Baldwin locomo- tives, now used on the narrow gauge line to Whitfield, were made on Saturday and Sunday, and for the first time trains ar- rived here as late as 8.30 p.m. Officials were present to ascertain the quantity of coal and water consumed during the run of 91 miles, and to make other tests in view of the adoption of this type of loco- motive for various narrow gauge lines in the colony. A photographer took several pictures of the train as it moved around the sharper curves along the line, and it was ascertained that the engines could safely negotiate a curve of 1 in 2½. For the purpose of the tests 12 trucks filled with sleepers were attached to the engines the total weight of the load being about 200 tons. Funeral of the Late Mr. R. Walsh, Q.C.— The funeral of the late Mr. R. Walsh, Q.C., took place on Saturday afternoon. The procession left the late residence of the deceased, Hoffiiunt' Chapel-street, East St. Kilda, at 3 o'clock' and proceeded to the St. Kilda Cemetery. On arrival at the cemetery the service 'was conducted by the Rev. Father O'Reilly, and the body was interred in the Roman Catholic portion of the grounds. A lar« uuraber of wreaths were sent by thd friends of the deceased gentleman, and the officers of the Crown Law Department and of the Law Courts. The pall-bearors were Mr. Godfrey, M.L.C., Mr. Sachse, M.L.C., Colonel Bull, Messrs. G. Pilley Vf, Byrne, J. G. Blain and J. M'Gee. Amongst, those present were Sir Henry VVrixon, Messrs. H. L. Murray, F. R.C S ' Hugh Peck, J. A. Gurner, K. L. Murray) and G. L. Skinner. The funeral arrange ments were in the hands of Mr. A.A Sleight. Too Bad Altogether. — Under the above heading the Nathalie Herald" writes : —Practical joking is apparently an appreciated pastime in a parish to the north of Nathalie, and a worthy candi date, who shall be nameless, had experi ence of the predilection of the people of that locality for this sort of thing one evening lately. He was wont to carry round with him in the buggy a bottle of consolation of Mitchell's best brand, and after he had delivered his address to the ratepayers he went outside to lubricate. Now, souie cruel, mischievous sprite had substituted a bottle of " cold ray" for the "craythur," aud when our friend got a "taste ay tho sthuff" lie said all sorts of uncomplimentary things and —but here let us draw the veil over a harrowingsceue which just baffles description. Suffered for Fourteen- Years, I have been afflicted with rheumatism for fourteen years, and nothing seemed to give any relief. I was able to be around all the time, but constantly- suffering. I had tried everything I could hear of, and at last was told to try Chamberlain's Pain Balm, which I did, and was immediately relieved and in a short time cured. I am happy to say that it has not since returned. —Josh. Edgar, Gorman town, Cal. For dale by R. Barnes, agent. ft - .New Insolvent. — Rasmus Michael Peter Michelsen, of Yackandandah, builder. Liabilities, £989 3s. Id.; as sets, £830 15s.; deficiency, £158 8s. Id. Causes of insolvency : Inability to collect debts due and outstanding,' losses in busi ness, and pressure of a creditor. Mr. J. Fletcher assignee. Bon Accord Whisky.— It will be seen by the notice, elsewhere that Messrs. R. Taylor and Co., Ford-street, Beechworth, have been appointed .agents for this famous malt whisky, which is shipped by the largest distillers of that kind of liquor in the world. Wangaratta Annual Show. — The notice of intending exhibitors at this popular district show, which will be held in Wednesday and Thursday, 20th and 21st September, is directed to the fact that entries will close on Saturday, 9th September, but late entries will be re ceived up to 16th September, with a late entry fee of Is. A special book prize lit, with full particulars, will be sent on ipplication to the secretary, Mr. Wm. larrison, at Wangaratta. . The Strongest Rifle Club.— The defence returns, received; on Tuesday, -how that of the 76 rifle clubs in Victoria the Wangaratta Club has the largest roll jf members, viz., 74. Ballarat Club has 50, Beechworth 53, Warrnamboc-145. The Wangaratta Club has also the reputation of being a crack club with, the rifle. Mail Contract Accepted. — The "Government Gazetto" notifies that the tender of James Murphy, at £12 10s. per annum, for conveyance of mails to and from M'Mahon's Creek, once a week, from 5th August, 1899, to 4th February, 1900, has been accepted. A Cycling Excursion.— A party of cyclists, numbering about a dozen, turned up for a run to Stanley on Sunday after noon, the 28th inst.' The "road taken was around the Lake, and thence along the back road to Stanley, which," by the way, is all that can be desired by cyclists wish ing to have an easy run. The Beechworth Post Office was left at 2.45 p.m. After riding: at a nice steady pace (no scorching permitted), and spelling for a while at the Lake, and again at Stanley,, the party arrived home about 5.15 p.m. One and all thoroughly enjoyed the outing, and it is a wonder that those who have " bikes" do not make more use of them in this way, as there is a treat in store for them when they d". Beechworth . State-School. — The "Government Gazette" notifies the ap pointment, as head-teacher to this school, of Mr. Michael Dwyer, whoseclassification is HI, 2.16. Robbing a Battery. — On Sunday night burglars effected an entrance to the Government, testing plant battery at Cre3wick, and carried off three large copper-plates. The plates have been in use for some time, and no doubt are well charged with gold, and will certainly pan out well. The Wangaratta Hospital.— Guis- seppe Toia, a woodcutter employed at Rutherglen, was admitted to the hospital last week suffering from a very severe wound on the shoulder. He was wield ing an axe, and it struck the branch of a tree and fell on his shoulder. The blade made a large gash, but he is recovering. — The lad Banks, of Rutherglen, whose leg was amputated is likely to recover. Dredging for Gold. — A meeting of the committee formed to protect "the interests of the occupiers of the river flats in the Kiewa Valley in the dredging boom now going on was held on Saturday at Mr. Wallace's, Kergunyah. Messrs. Macdonald and Davies-Griffith were ap pointed as representatives of the Kiewa Valley League to attend the conference re dredging to be held in Melbourne on September 6. They will take with them a petition against the granting of any leases for mining on the river flats signed by over 70 of the landholders of the valley. Mr, Macdonald has also been appointed to attend the meeting as representative of the Yackandandah Shire Council, of which he is a . member, for the same purpose. That shire includes some of the Murray flats near Barnawartha, as well as the country about Yackandandah and in the valley of the Kiewa. Lawn Tennis Match.— A team of lady and gentleman players of Benalla played a match at Wangaratta on Saturday, and there was a crowd of spectators on the new courts. Benalla was represented by Mrs. Barrington, Miss Lamb, Messrs. Rickarby, Brown, Moubray, Coutie, Shanahan and Fussell, and Mrs. T, G. I Clarke, Miss Trotman, Messrs. Brown, Vhern, Docker, Patterson, Smith and P. Brown played for Wangaratta. The Benalla players overmatched their op ponents and won most of the sets easily, the only local players who made a good stand against the visitors being Messrs. Messrs. Ahern and Docker. The Benalla team won by 23 g imes. Lady members I provided afternoon tea as usual, and their kind assistance added materially to the enjoyment of the afternoon's outing. I The Melbourne Sheep Market.— Fat sheep — Ihe market was lightly supplied, I all classes of crossbreds, especially big and heavy ewes and wethers, with coarse I skins, were extremely difficult to quit, and for such prices ruled in favor of buyers, while good and prime comebacks, and all grades of merinoes were in im proved request, with a slightly upward tendency : — Prime crossbred wethers, from 14s. 6d. to 16s. 6d. ; good do. do from 12s. 9d. to 13s. 9d. ; others, from Lis. Prime crossbred ewes, from 12s. 6d. to 13s. 6d. ; extra heavy do. do, from L3s. 9d. to 15s. ; others from 10s. 6d. ; prime merino wethers from 15s. to 16s. ; extra (with excellent value skins), at 17s. 4d. ; good do. do., from 13s. to 14s. fid. ; middling do. do., from 12s. - to 12s. 6d. ; others, from 10s. ; merino ewes, from 10s. to 13s. Fat Lambs.' — The market opened weak, but hardened as sales progressed, closing at a decided advance on former quotations: Prime, sold at from 8s. 6d. to 10s. 6d.,, few from lis. and -12s. ; second do., 7s. 6d. to 8s. fid. ; others from 6s. 6d. _ ' Mr. John T. Kinahan. — We are pleased (writes the Rutherglen " Sun ") to have to iuform our numerous readers that this young gentleman's appearance at the Conservatorium of Music, Mel bourne, was a great success, his excellent voice quite nonplussing the critics. Such eminent personages in the musical world as Professor Marshall Hall and Madame Weidermann expressed themselves as having never listened to such a pheno menal voice before, and this means a great deal, especially as these two are the foremost authorities in the colonies And their prophecy of a great future for our young artist, will be endorsed by his many well-wishers. Rutherglen Brass Band.— The Ru therglen Band will play a selection of the latest airs on tho balcony of Gesstray's Cumberland Hotel next Saturday even ing, aud on Sunday afternoon they will perform at Christmastown. The follow ing Sunday, September 10th, the band will play at Barnawartha. Population.— The population of Vic toria on 30th June, according to the esti mate of the Government Statist, wasl 1,176,854. Of these 592,580 were males, and 584,274 females. The increase dur ing the quarter was 1820. At the same date the population of New South Wales was given at 1,357,050, of South Aus tralia 368,960, Tasmania 178,792, Newl Zealand (white) 747,930. During July the arrivals by sea numbered 4869, as ag liust 6497 departures. Ghost Pranks. — Some idiotic person lias of late been playing ghost pranks after nightfall in the neighborhood of Boundary-street and Hustler's reef, Bon- 1 digo. Various residents of the locality have been keeping a watch for the indi- 1 vidual's next appearance, but it appeals I that he is aware of the reception in store I for him, and has cautiously decided to sbek some less dangerous form of amuse ment. , Chamberlain's Cough. Remedy Supe, rior to Any Other.— Geo. B. Secord, the well-known contractor of Towanda N.Y., says : — " Ihave used Chamberlain's Cough Remedy in my family for a long time, and have found it superior to any other." For sale by & Banes', agent, j 