ORIGINAL NOVEL. TAix RIGHTS RBSHBVET,] Marian Gonisby. BOOK II. CHAPTER X.—(Continued.) B; E. DOIDGE, Author of ' Father and Son,'' The Daughters of Eve,' '.Mystery of Merveillieu,' &». ' Now oome, tantalising boy, what is it ?' 'Cannot you guess, LilianP' ' Something about Marian, of course.' 4 Of course; two letters by the mail this morning took me an hour to read them, and a prettv bad fright I got. You know after that Thames episode Marian was hopeful ' that the governor's obstinate objection to our marriage was dying out, but he tork a sudden and terrible turn, beoame mere bitter than evei, and vowed vengeance , . . Now, on top of all th»«, the o!d gentleman—Heaven forgive him much for it— suddenly decidcd to return to Australia! What do you say to that ?' ' That is indeed good news, George. I congratulate you with a'l my heart.' ' Especially as they must be now aotually on their wav. Whete would they be a fortnight after leaving England, LilP' . *I cannot exactly say, but somewhere in the Mediterranean 1 suppose.' ' Yes, I expect so. I shall look it tip. Just imagine, we shall have Marian with ns, all being well, in a month or so. It's just splendid.' George turned to go to his room, but paused to bold up to Lilian's ejes a few lines of Marian'P letter, which he asked her to read:— •You have waited for roe, dear George, these three long years, aud I am coming to you. Portionless it may be—only my own poor felf—but all your own.' That is very pretty—worthy of dear Marie. How glad we shall all be to see her Uok.» ' Yes, everybody ; but one in particular, yott bet'; and George ran up the stairs two steps at a time. Not for a long time b ad his heart been so light. And that way lies the young man's hope of happiness. Such years of patient waiting are never wasted. In after life, mid many trials of leve and patience, of fidelity and temper, the years when the heart ached and yearned for life's aiateoome bask with their records of oft-repeated vows, of affection, of tenderness, and of ideals realised or awaiting realization. d b t a a s e e a h j lawwr—Sbdg d i l m f George's buoyancy of spirits at the evening meal wan so apparent that, had his team won the intercolonial football match, he could not have been in greater fettle. It was apparent to every member of the family that the htir and hope of the Whidden family was in receipt of good tidings. «What is it, George P' ~ said Lady Whiddeu. ' Marian will be with us, all being well, inside of five weeks.' * That is news, indeed.' ' But doe« it mean that your way will be any clearer p' asked Sir Douglas. ' I have every reason to believe it will be,* replied George. 'Then I have every reason to believe that you will marry a penniless girl, unless the old man Gonisby has either reaohed his dotage or dies suddenly.' It was one of those random shots which are sometimes spokeu lightly yet fit marvellously into the realities ; for, as the reader knows, Joseph Gonisby was dying at the time. ' I'm not troubled about one or other of the possibilities,' was George's ready response. He was not in tne mood to look upon any but the brightest side of the picture ; and, as a now apparently relenting fate willed it, he was not to be disappointed. CHAPTER XI. SUNSHINK AND RAIN. January days passed into Febmary, and the boat was due in which Mr Gonisby and Miss Gonisby had booked passages for Melbourne. How many hearts reaoh out with keen anticipations and bright hopes on coming to a new land—some to be more than realised ; others, and they form the majority, to be mora than disappointed. Of all the passengers who on that bright February morning steamed up to the Sandridge Pier, there were few more moved by emotion than Marian Gonisby. But they were conflicting emotions which swayed her. Glad was she beyond words to find herself once again nearing the city where her heart's affections lay — sad to remember that it was aB an orphan, absolutely alone in the world. Ere she arose that happy morning, she guessed they had entered the heads, perceiving that the ship no longer answered to the ocean swell; and when she came on deck before breakfast, there TO the left shone Qaeenec ,; fi—always prepossessing, always picturesque; and as one familiar view after another came into sight, her spines rose and a soft color came into her oheeks, which had grown more thin and pale than were their wont. But of all sights pleasing to the eye and to the heart, there was one she dwelt upon not yet oome—the sight of the one man in the world whore memory had been ever present, and upon whose strength and fidelity she had leaned, as upon a rook whose foundation was sure. ' Miss Gonisby, you are coming down to breakfast for the last tiine—are you not ?' It was Miss Leslie who spoke, as she came from amongst the passengers, who were intent on spying upon the new land. ' Really, I had hardly thought of it—I doubt if I can eat; but I will manage a cup of coffee, I daresay.' • What a delightful bay—if it is a bay it is more like an inland ocean; it is so large. Wby did you never tell me how magnificent it was ?' ' We seldom talk about Port Phillip : all tbe admiration seems to go to its great rival —Port Jackson. If we have not the hun dred inlets which adorn Sydney's port, yet here we at least have scope and ample room to sail our pleasure boats; and around the bay there are many pleasure places—yonder tor instanoe, lies Mordiallio, where I have joined in very pleasant picnics. Some day, Miss Leslie, I hope we shall have the pleasure of seeing some of these show places in company.' A wish which Marian's companion gladly shared. Then they betook themselves once more to the breakfast table, where, however, Marian sat for only a few minutes. She was really too excited to more than make a pretence of eating. Soon she was on deck again, looking anxiously to the landing point, wondering would he be there. Yes, George was there with ejes but for one individual in the world, wondering eould [it indeed be possible that the hour had come when he should meet again the woman he loved, never (as he hoped) to be parted more. And how would she seem P What ohange had the years made P How should he meet herP Won'd she forgive him the warmth of the embrace that his arms were longing to perform P Would the severest of fathers be at her side to veto more than the oommon, most formal hand-shake P Did ever vessel take so long to moorP Was ever sailor slower P Was ever hawser more awkwardly handled P Was ever anybody or any orowd less in a hurry P . . . Then, at length, tbe ocean-liner was alongside, and one amongst the host of landsmen and landswomen scanned the jine of faces which leaned over the taffiail, and then forward to amidships; but there was no sign of the faoe he sought. What if Marian weie not aboard P How should he bear the isappointment P So soon as the little ridge was thrown across George was one of he first to get on deck. Looking to right nd left of him, George vralked to and fro mongst the passengers. He must ask omebody—yet whom ?—they were all either agerly talking amongst themselves, or qually engaged in looking for people. When t length he did venture to ask, he found he ad enquired of one who, like himself, had ust oome aboard, at which they both Z aughed. Then he bad the lntfk to run t oross the purser, and was told that there d as a Miss Gonisby aboard. . . Now, hat a quiokeniug of the pulse—what a a ush of the blood ! Marion wai really there h on this same ship as he stood upon. urely she would be on deok, he thought; ut Marian had a few moments before arone own to the saloon. Perhaps there was a reat lump in her throat; perhaps she wished to avoid the bustle and crowd of the eck. Perchance, some instinct told her t would be better to be a little apart if her over sought her. She realised ho*r very uch alone she was. She had coma very ar to him; she would withdraw a little s b d w t l t y l t B m a t I a l m r t a t I now—it was just womanly—and she sat down and felt the throbbing of her heart. . 1 If he is here he wil) soon find me. . Oh, how trying the moment. . He does not oome. . Perhaps he was not advised of the steamer being signalled. . Fifty things oould keep him . I will go above. . . No, I will sit still a minute longer. . I am positively the only soul iD this big saloon. . How odd it looks—even ridiculous . . I am sure it does. . I will go above!' Marian was proceeding with this intent, when—whistling as he came—George knew it was a feigned whistle, just as the big boy who is not afraid of ghostB knows he is humbugging when he whistles for company in a lonely spot—there he came, tripping down the oompanion way— • George 1' t ' Marie, deai Marie !' Her sarsbarged heart was so full, his arms were about her waist and neck, and there was no one to come between. . The emotions are as the pump of the affections, and in great grief or joy with women, the • windows of the soul' let forth the fountain of the heart. * Marian, my love, look up!' said George but she nestled the closer to him, nnd sobbed convulsively on hiB shoulder. Not till she oould look at him steadily did she raise her tear-stained faoe to his, and he kissed it again and again until he declared he tasted the saUne88 of the tears ! ' You are fresh from the sea—a regular salt! But come, darling, is there any trouble P' ' Forgive me, George, these were not tears of trouble but of joy. I know it is very foolish, but I really oould not help it. . Yet I have had trouble—great trouble and grief, George.' ' Tell me all about it, dearest.' He led her to a seat, looked steadily into her eyes, and read there traces of what Marian had experienced upon the voyage. ' Yon do not ask for my father, George ?' ' That is bad manners I admit, love ; bu you will believe me when I say I had no thought for a soul on earth but you, Marie ; and I'm really thankful to the governor for this respite. How is he P' ' You will never see him more, George. He is dead.' ' four father is dead P Good heavens, you surprise me!' Then she told him the story of Mr Gonu-by's illness and death and burial in the Red Sea. And George took Marian again in hi arms, and kissed and caressed her; and he was too disingenuous to be other than devoutly thankful that a great peaoe and rest and surety had fallen upon them. For Heaven itself seemed to have removed the hand that so long had withheld the woman he longed to call bis own. They were speeding in the train to their old home. What if 'there were curious eyes P What if George was seen by com panions who knew bim, hut whom he never saw P There are times when we walk upon air, when our spirits soar as in the lofty flight of the eagle, and the little commonplace things of time aud sflnse pass unperceived. By the time they reached Prahran George had lived, as it were, ihroughan epitome of his loved one's life from the time they left London to the arrival that morning. It teemed to him there was little to tell of himself. The Whidden affnirs, momentous as tbey had been since the departure of the Gonisbys, appeared to him unworthy of mention alongside the smallest details affecting any part of Marian's life since he had said good-bye. So he told Marian when she repeated the request ' Now tell me about yourselves, George ?' They were at the Whiddens home. ' Dear old place ! And there is Lilian !' exclaimed Marian, as Miss Whidden came runningout to meet them. 'Welcome, a thousand Marian. 1 welcomes home, ' Thank you, darling Lil, you are right— thif> indeed is home, or but three doors off,' and they kissed and kissed and embraced upon the pathway with unaffected heartiness. 'Do not make even that reservation,' replied George, having reference to the 'three doors' away from 'Fairleigh.' ' I guess yon will be quite at home,' and he led her into the house to present her in triumph to Lady Chidden, whose welcome to Marian was no less oordial. Having to hurry to bis duties in the city, George reluctantly tore himself away, leaving Marian with his mother and two sisterp, whose condolences with Marian's bereavement were mingled with felicitations that he was onoe again safely with them. During the day, too, came Aunt Zinny, y whose more-effusive demonstration of elight, sympathy nnd concern Mariau was ell-nigh overwhelmed. 'Sure, ohild, you are just the same, hough sobered,' she Kept on saying; ' but ittle Wonder, for you have come through rial and tribulation. Thsrk the Lord that ou are safely back with ns, and we shall never et you go again ; and your poor papa—to hink that we shall never see him again! ut be was a good and upright and kind an, and you are his only child.' This latter was said with a perceptible coent of oonsolation, after the prudenoe ot he worldly-wise, which Marian understood, s she also understood that good Aunt inny derived honest pleasure from the hought that at la9t, when all was said aud one, her foster lamb was well provided for. Marian did not - undeceive her, nor say ught of the cruel wrong that had been done er in the matter of the will. 'TwaB not till George returned, and then ate in the evening when they had spent any hours togetber, and Marian had etailed many chapters of absorbing interest o her lover, that she came to that part ffecting her worldly prospeots. • And now, George, I have something to ell you which you have a right to kuow. t will shook you very much, I am afraid.' ' We have grown rather used to ehockg— , financial shocks in particular— in these parts since you left, dear.' He said this with a sort of intuition of what was coming. ' You have guessed something surely George, but you have h-rdly guessed the truth. My father before we left England made a will which entirely disinherited me ! •That was unfair, oruel to you; but, darling,' and he held her oJosely to bim, ' don't you give two thoughts to it, so far as I am concerned. You are here, and yon are to be mine—my own, love—and I am more than satisfied. It is better that you should not be rich while I am poor. I should feel it badly, I assure you. Now we are on equal terms. We are young, and the world is fai-ly before us. I oan keep vou comfortably, I trust, though not in affluence. . . You really will be mine, darling P' 4 Need you ask ?' ' It seems too good to be true. I am positively beside myself with the joy of it!' ' George, there is one thing more I have to tell,' and Marian then recounted the making of a new will at the last moment, which but needed the signature to complete the total rectification of the wrong that had been done. ' That was ' touch and go' for a fortune and no mistake,' exolaimed the happy lover. ' But tell me, Marian, that you do not mind —that you will not let this trouble you when all else is now plain sailing in front of us P' ' 1 really have not troubled about it, George. I oan, I think, honestly Bay I am not m rcenary, yet it does seem rather hard, and I am sorry for your sake !' ' Then you must not be—I will not allow it!' 1 The captain and the doctor were very, very kind. They quite interested themselves in me when they understood how matters htood, and the captain told me when At Colombo—I am sure I did not wish him to do it—that he had written an account of the whole affair to uncle Gonisby, whom he t thinks—bat I do not count on anything. Ic is the better way—is it not, dear ?' ' Quite the better way, darling.' ' Your uncle stands as the heir, and will inherit your father's wealth. Bat we shall never trouble him, take my word for it am far richer than he in having you, darling.' It was lover's talk, aud they were not inter rupted. If the lost thousands was the prioe of their freedom thus to love and wed, they counted they had the best of the bargain ; they s grudged not the loss of the gold in the plenitude of their love. ' I am more glad than I can say that you take it so, George. It is the final proof— if proof were wanting—of three years of devotion—what the commercial, moneyworshipping world would oall the final and clinching test." ' Test! You < alk wide of tbe mark, my love. You forget yourselt! You do no know yourself !—as though any fellow, any man in Australia, would want any sort of bribe along with such a pearl—for are you not beyond all price P' ' Will you always think so, George ?' ' It will be my fault if I do not. . . Marie, do you know that there is a wonderful, big, beautiful difference in you!' ' A difference P* ' Yes, you are changed—not in appearance, aoarcely any at all—but in manner. You remember—do you?—that never for two minutes would you let me hold you in my arms ; though I felt you loved me, yet you were always so—so seared—so unyielding—* ' Well, if you let me go a little—I shall not run away—there !—1 may explain this subtle change thri* you are pleased to notice. . . I am changed. Be sure, George, you do not see more than I feel it. In those faroff days I was fighting many invalid battles —fighting self, fighting prejudioe, warring with traditions ; and heaviest of all to bear up against was my poor father's bitterness— but you know about that, George P' (To be continued.) 