A REPENTANT GHOST, j " So you actually bolinro in ghosts ?" re marked Charlie Beavers.interrogatively.with an amount of flippancy in his tone, and aii amused smile on bis rather boyish lace, to bis elder and more sedate friend ltobeit t'order, as they sat together iu the former's comfortable bachelor rooms one evening towards the close of the last month of the year, discussing a choice bleud of whisky (judiciously commingled with potass), and blowing curly blue wreaths from unim peachable cigars. " I am bound to believe in them," replied the other in all seriousness. " What't Do you mean to say that you have seen one " Decidodly ; I may say 1 almost owe my wife to a Spook." " Come, I say, old man, draw it a little mild !" " I'll tell you the story if you like. But mind, X very rarely mention the subject. 1 don't care about it talked about anywhere and everywhere. You understand ?" " Perfectly," said Charlie, all eagerness for the recital. " Go ahead, I'll be as mum as a-a-a what's its uame," " Well, you must know befora I secured (through the influence of mj fathor-iu- law; my present position aa manager of the bauk herr, 1 was pursuing the calling of an accountant in Carcbester. After three years' hard labour I began to feel my feet and think I might venture to ask a certain .young lady to share my future lot. 1 was tolerably sure that 1 should meet with no rebuff from my darling, but there was a stern parent to be reckoned with. " I bad made the acquniutauc* of Mr. Matthew Turnover, head of the rcspected and old crusted bankng-bouso of Turnover Bro thers,and Checkwei), through ordinary business intercourse, and we became iu time on quite intimate terms. I frequently spent my Suu days at his charming residence in the park He had an only daughter. Eleanor. The rest you will readily understand. Well, I put the momentous question to the dear girl and achieved tho success I plead guilty to have been vain euough to anticipate. " Then followed the inevitable interview with papa. He evinced a* surprise when I told him my tale, as many fathers do after being themselves the prime moveri in bringing two impressioaable young peeple together. Ho was strnightforward enough. Told m», al though be had certainly cherished more ambi tious views for his only child, it wus not kis in tention to try to enforce his id»as if they wero likely to interfere with his daugh ter's happiuens. Still, he was bound to consider the important ques tion of ways and menus, and though he urimitted 1 had made rapid and substantial progress iu my profession-if such it could be called-be at tbe same time did not consider the income I was then earning sufficiently large to justify mo in taking upon myself the res ponsibility of a wife and probable contingencies. " lie wound up by saying : " ' Although Eleanor, as you know, is nn only child, she will not nialerially bekeflt through me ou her marriage, a* it is my llxed intention to withdraw so sum of consequeuce from the bank. My share of the profits-ex cept so much of it as I require to live upon remains in the concern until my time comes for quitting this world, then, of course, Eleanoi will inherit what I shall leave behind me. But, Uod be thanked, I am well and hearty, and may reasonably look forward to ten or lltteen years louger of useful life. My advice thereforo to you, is go on working as you have done hither to, aud, in three years say, you cau broach the subject again, and if Elly should be still in the same mind regarding yourself, why we may perhaps ste if matters cannot be urranged. In the meantime, there will be-at nil events on my part-no difference in our friendship ; there's my hand upon it.' " You may guess I did not feel extravagantly jubilant over the arrangement. Three years seemed an awful long time to wait But I had the fullest faith in Eleanor's constancy. How ever, I will get ob to the Unish; 1 don't wish to boro you with too many personal details. " About eight months had gone by, when one dny in the middle of December, Mr. Turnover hastily entered my unpretentious office. The old gentleman appeared greatly agitated, und it was some moments after being seated that he was able to speak. " I anxiously inquired if be were ill, or waB anything wrong at home ? » ' No-no one ill,' ho said,' slowly. ' The bank has been robbed.' " ' Bobbed !' I exclaimed. ' Phew 1 Have the thieves been caught i" " ' You don't understand. The robbety is from inside. Tbe chief cashier.' "'What! Biadley ?' I cried, in the greatest astonishment. "Tho peccant cashier was a Sunday school tea cr, regular chapel-goer, and I don't know what besides. " ' Ay ! The smooth-tongued hypocrite,' suid Mr. Turnover, vrith considerable emplmsii 'Ami he's got a good twculy-four hours'start He was away on short leave.' " ' What is the amount ?' I atked. " 1 A very considerable sum in convertibli securities unfortunately. Anything like the exact amount, however, is not yet kaown. That is muinly wby I have come to you.' ' . 1 To me ?' " * Yes. I wn»t yon to come to the bank and go through the books-his books, you know -as expeditiously as possible. We wish to kei p the affair seoret- that is, us long ns possible. Will you come ?' " And Mr. Turnover regarded me anxiously " Then thinking, ptrbaps, I seemed to hesi tate, he added, significantly, 1 It may be woitb yiui* while.' " ' F am at your service, Mr. Turaover,' I iu slimtly replied. 'When do you wish me to be gin ?' " . To-aight. Are you willing to work Into ? I moan,in fact,all night if nectssary t Will you do me this favour ?' " ' You may command me in any way you like, Mr. Turnover,' I said. Truth to tell, an idea fhsl.ed across my mind that I might decide to »sk a favour of him in return after tin present annoying business was over and ili-m with. " My future father ia-law rose from his si at, saying: " . I am very pleased you have consented to help me ao readily, because we can rely upon your discretion and absolute silence.' I bowed. " ' Then meet me iu Duke-street, by the Cosmopolitan Hole!, at six sharp, anil we will ao to the bauk together.' " I iras at the place appointed just is thr first stroke of the hour rang out on the cKar frosty air, and was almost immediately joined by Mr. Turnover. " As soon as we were seated in the bank par lour Mr. Turnover bonded me a letter,remarking that tbe missing Bradley had caused it to be de'ivi red in s. somewhat mysterious manner. " When I read the note Mr. Turnover askrd my opinion of it. I said : " 'The fellow is cool certainly,but I infer from what he writts-if it is the truth, of course that there has been nosystematicembezzlement going lorward for some lime ; that, in fact, he committed the theft in a sudden fit of tempta tion. I see be mentions sixty-tight thousand.' 11 ' Yes, that is quite enough without the probability of moie having to be added to it. I ] trutt your surmise will turn out correct. Let us get to work without delay.' " We worked unremittingly till ten, failing to discover any defalcations beyond tbose al ready known, This was no far satisfactory that Mr. Turnover confessed be felt much relieved and suggested an adjournment to a neighbour ing first-class hotel-bis club being too far away-to recruit exhausted nature. " We were let out by the bank caretBker through a small side door, and told him to re main up till we returned. " Having done justice to an excellent little cold snack, washed down by a bottle of vny excellent port, I told my companion there was no naed whatever for bim to go back to tbe bank witb mt, as 1 could do well enough with out him -at all events for tbe remainder of that uigbt. He assented, telling me not to stay very late. " When I got to the bank, I set to my task with renewed vigour, still failing to discover extended evidence of guilt in the absconding cashier's book. By this time, although the night waB cold outside, tbe rooui I was workiug in began, by reason of tbe many gas jets buru ing, to grow uncomfortably warm. 1 began to feel drowsy, and at a quarter-past twelve by tbe small clock on tbe mantelpieco, 1 dropped into an inviting easy chair, and felt extremely like dropping as well into a prolonged doze, but as I had no inteation that way, I strugglid against tbe inclination by raising my heavy eye lids at frequent intervals. " 1 heard a neighbouring cburcb clock boom forth the midnight hour, and, spelling my eyes, wus just on tbe point of rising from my com fortable position with tbe intention of resuming work for another half bour, when I saw some thing that doterred me ; kept me, in fact, spell bound in my seat. There,right befoie me a lew yards away, appeared the spectral form of Westcott Bradley, tbe defaulting cashier, " There was a sad-I might almost describe it as a uhasteued look on the ghastly facn as though the spirit was experiencing profound contrition for some misdeed the body bad com mitted during life. " I once more closed my eyes, thinking that when I looked again the thing would have van ished. But uo ! There was tbe shadowy figure commencing to retreat slowly backwards, its transparent aim raised, the Urshless hand with its bony tiugers beckoning me to follow. It re minded me of Hamlet and the ghost on tbe castle ramparts, only 1 assure you ] folh precious little like the impetuuus Prince ; I required no holding back. I tried to speak; but the words I framed with my dry lips were, inaudible even to myself. A* soon as the jhadti reached tbe open door leading into tbe main room, I aruse mechaniually an though impelled by some unseen power, and went with bated breath after the still slowly retrealing appari* tion. It coutiuufc' to ware its ghostly hand until the massive iron door whioh led to tbii vault below, where tbe bullion and securities were kept in huge ?nfes,or ratber strong room?., was reached. 1 quite expected to see tbe (i^uru melt away in tbe orthodox manner. But ?* trifling obstruction of this kind was n» harried te the melancholy spirit of tbe peccant casbieii With an intense lingering last look of auguistt and a dual wave of the arm more emphatic tbao previously, it fimply, as it seemed to my be wildered gaze, backed through tbe solid tror« work. I can ussuio yuu 1 felt considerably re* lieved on being rid of the apparition. Further* work was, of ceurse, out of the question, so i summoned the caretaker to let me out, imparts i»g nothing whatever to him regarding theC strange experience 1 had just gone through. " Next morning 1 called upon Mr. Turnover before he left home, and recounted to him wbatyi had taken place in his bank tbe night before* I was not in tbe least surprised at my story be» ing received with a smile of incredulity. " ' My dear Forder,' said tbe worthy, but un« believing banker, ' yuu, of course, fell asleep it\ tbe chair and dreamed all this.' " ' Nothing of tbe kind, I assure you, Turnover,' I answered, warmly. " Still, the old gentleman remained uncon> vinced. " 'Remember,' he went on banteringly, ' yoi'i had partaken of supper and win*-generouM old port p' " However, to bring my story within reason-:. able bounds, I will just say that by the time wn bad arrived at the bauk I had almost convinced Mr, Turnover that I had seen the ghost of Lib/ delinquent servant ; aud he agreed, at my re quest, tbat we should visit tbe v«ult togothfrrS, ' though surely,' observed he, ' you don't eicpecft to encouuter your sad-faced Spook again, at,* early in the day ? ' " When we had got down below and turned up the gas, Mr. Turnover proceeded to opcr^ two liirge upright sale* standing against tha wall. " ' Everything seems as usual,' be remarked^.' after surviying the interiors 'Your spirit! evidently bad uo particular tale to unfold, even, if you hurl been able to accompany him here;, last aight.' " ' Why did it beckon to me so earnestly, in this direction ?' I remaiktd. 'By the way,' I added quickly, as my sceptical compaaio* went about securing the safes again,' what of the big one over ttiero to the left ; orin't you going to open that ?' " ' Oh,' he answered carelessly, . that is an old one not in use ; has not been opened, IT should say, for Beveral years. It is empty.' " 'I suppose there is no objection to me hay ing a peep intiide ?' " ' Not the slightest. There is the kejr on the wall there !' " I handed it to him, and he at once inserted it in the lock, while I staid by ready to pull the aiassire door aside. " 'Dear me,' remarked Mr, '1 urnorer, in sur prise, as the wards worked quite easily, ' I certainly expected some difficulty.' " I pulled at the heavy door, which swung quite smoothly, just as if it had been opened . daily with tho others. " The next moment an exclamation of horrified surprise fell from the banker's lips, as he started back reveral paces from before the front of the safe. " I instantly sprang forward from behind the ponderous door, and followed the direction of my father-in-law's dilated eyes. " Well might the old gentleman be strongly affected I " There, on the circumscribed space of the floor of the safe, lay the huddled figure of a man. His face was distorted and borribl* to look upon ! The staring eyeballs and protiud iig tongue showed bow he had met a horrible death by suffocation. " ' Bradlty !' " I exclaimed, as soon as I could find breath enough. " * Yts, it is Westcott Bradley,' said Mr. Turnover, in a lowly, husky wM»per. " There was no doubt about it. The sicken ing spectacle upon which be gazed constituted the mortal remains of the man who bad be trayed the trust reposed in bim by his employ ers. When the body came to be removed to a place to awiit the Coroner's inquiry, several strong bulky' leather pocket-books containing | the proceeds intact of the cashier's appropria tions were discovered. Go the bank really lost nothing, and 1 gained a loving wife a good deal sooner than 1 should otherwise have done. Mr. Turnover was kind eaougb to say that,as I had been the means of recovering the bank's missing securities, I ought to have my reward. I got it, and have never regret ted for a single moment taking it. Nothing much was elicitid at the inquest except tbe iuformation that the lock of the dis-used strong room worked spring wise, and it was conjectured that Brad ley, who had evidently been using the safe for | bis own purposes, bad opened the door, theu hung up the key in its aictistoined place, gone inside, and in a moment of forgetfulneis let the iloor come on the spring, and so mado tl.o receptacle for concealing bis pluudi r his living tomb." 