MOUNT GAMBIER BAOINQ OLDB. I TIPS BY SIB SINGLE, The 1899 winter meeting of the Mount Gam bler Aaoing Olnb promises to ecm»l, if not eclipse, any of its predooeaaoM, Everything points to a moat suoaeaBful meeting, and favor* able atmoBpberio conditions ara all that are wasting to make it an enjoyable one. I shall not attempt to foraeaat the weather, beoauae ei a prophet of (hat description I oertainly do not anoBtdep nay fopra within 18 lbs. of that of Sir Ohftflpa Todd when he fairly alipa himself, J even over my owa course. It is to be hoped, however, that the aforesaid gentleman will deal leniently with us. The acceptances are very satisfactory, and large fields should be the order of the day. The various winners will tabe adnal of " finding," and the proapeots of sucoeaaful pnntera receiving remunerative divi des are diaHuQtly alluring. The initial event to ba avoided will be the Hurdlsbacb, for wbiob iWoloa haa been aoooidfd top-weight with 11.4. Those who saw Mr. Han'ou'a hurae running in this event at the last winter meeting would not hesitate to pick him out aa a " good thing," but be reoeived a bad fall at the last hurdle, and it ia doubtful it he baa recovered bis exoeUeDoa. Mr. »aa Ion bag received a large share of the frowns of Fortune lately, and Fernlea'a win would ba n popular one. Ho will ran well, but I expect to see him beaten. Sleight-of-hand is goinff la great (orra, aod will ba a very hard horse to biftt. Nj §eoret is made of (he fart that ha baa greatly improved, I don't think Hiberaia or Ivaoboo will be equal to Bcociog, but Killarney has a fait potfiunmaoe in winning at the reoent Goleraine meotiug to reoommend him. Forest Queaa boasts of a Rood luru of epe?d, and ia said to ba jumping well, bat I fuDoy hep hurdleeaoiDg oaree? has been rather ghost to win a raoa of (his description. Buah CQ6D, at 0.0, seada to me the piok of the handi* oap, as he won the Hurdleraca oa the second day of the OaBterton meeting when palpably short of work. Freedom won the Hurdleraoe at the Bellum Bsllum raoaa, but there was no merit in the perforaanoe, and he will probably have to wait till some future date to earn winning braoketa. X shall anticipate the judge's verdict thus Bdbhman 1 FBBNtBA ... 3 SliEIOHTOFHAND 8 A field of oiae h»a aooepted for the MOUNT Gauoier Ouf, and that good little mare 9aa Sprat heads the liat with 9.0. She has been a most consistent performer, and ia thought by be; oonoeotious to have an exoslleut chance of winning. Qonvantioner at 8 10 haa DO ground for complaint on the aooze of weight, and ia bound to run well) but I fancy neither of the two top weightB are capable of beating Satrap, who put up two good performances by running aeoond in the Oastsrton CJup to Guitana, &ua; afterwards winning the Ooleraine Handicap with 8 2. He will bo entrusted with the con fldenoa and money of the majority of the Western District visitors, and will take an immensity of beating. Gurt Mantel will prob ably find the distance beyond hia tether. Qon aonpt ia going " great guns " on the track, and ia looking well, and should be there or there nbouta when the whips are oraoking, Ringer woo a jumpers' fiat race at Port Adelaide some time ago, bat this is the only performance that 6ivea him a " look in " for this event, Should e win he will in part atone for many failures, and for those immediately coaoarned there would probably be refreshments after the oiroos. Stookmsa is doing good work, and those behind him daolare he will surprise the publto by bis forward position in tne Gap. The rabbit factory " boys " swear by him, and intend to "empty" themselves on the "good thing." Kingdom I have a keen regard for, M he baa a big call in the weights on his reoent running in Gasterton and Ooleraine { but Con course has been on the shelf for a long time, and her present form is known only to those immediately aoncarned. The number* may go up something like this 1 Satrap " X CONSCRIPT N IL KINGDOM , 8 Tne SXBBPIiEaHABB has filled well, (tad ahouli provide a good race. Oataraot Woa recently at Gawlar, and oonaeqaflntly inouca a 6 lb. penalty, making bia weight 11.9. Ha la a very safe conveyance, and mast render a good aaoouut of himself, Allahditta with 11.7 reads well, and barring acoldent, I expeot to aea bim win. Though ha has nev6t won over big fences bia aiogle performance ovor them wa? u good one. This was in the last Adelaide Irand National, when he carried 11.5 aud went m well as anything for two miles, fiuah Lad and Moorab are both Rood J ampere, but lacking in speed, and if there ace many aeoidenta the better of the pair, which I take to be Baah Lid, will be close up at the right end. Repetition ia nioely weighted, and, aa he ia fanoied by bia owner, Mr. Watson, should "give the afceeple a shake." Onttlefiah ia a light of other days.and I cannot bring myself to give Mil Lai or Daemste; a winning chance. The " rneu in the bos " may have to plaoa them Allahditta 1 Rbprtition a CATARACT 8 A rare good lot have aooepted for the Voloano HANDICAP, and whatever wins should pay a good dividend. Mr, Mathea m haa two running in hia name, Eraon- na-knuak and Fable, and hia eleot, which ia probably the latter, will go very near annexing the six* furlong flutter, Liohiel, when well, ia a very smart customer, but there is a great diffioulty in getting him fit, and he may not be at hia beat. I think Qurt Mantel, ou hia Oastertou tanning at all eventa, ia held safe by Mr. Mitthaaon'a pair, though he oan boast of a lot of ptoe, and ia very cjniok out of the slips. Chimine, at 8 0, ia in nioely, and Bhould run a very merry six furlongs, while Telamaohus haa sumo good Western Diatriot form to reoom m?nd him. Parallax, though it iB not osrtain that ho will oome, on hia recent form in Adelaide, when he ran second to Gossamer iu the Maiden Plate at tho resent A.R 0, Birth day meeting, look* like a 11 real pinch " for thia exent; and were I a betting man-but I am not, never having any money--I would "daeh it down " on him for all I waa worth. Of thoao balow Parallax in the weighta the only one I should piok to have a ahanoe ia Oarlaruhe, who won the Maiden Plate in Hamilton some two montha ago. Rely, Ohanoe, and Moodbee will probably find the company too aeleot, while the amount of money Hasty ia likely to win aa a raaehorae would not materially decrease our National Debt. In the event of PARALLAX being ab sent the result may be OARMINB l FABLE ... ... ... 2 TELB1IA0HU3 8 T(ie result of the Eraoblbt STAKES will depend a good deal on the running on the first day, and aa there ia only a 5lb. penalty in curred by winning the Volcano Handioap, I Bhould not be surprised to see the two six furlong events fall to the Bame horse. Stook MAN and Oarlsuuhk may also bave something to eay At the finiah, 