The Secret of Nlonks wood Waste. CHAPTER XIII — ( Continued ). THE TICK ANT OP THE RETREAT. Macgregor's pretty dwelling, with its clus tering roses, its climbing ivy, its sweetbriar and honeysuckle, came in sight even while ho spoke. The red glory of tho sunset blazed on its diambnd-paned casomonts, and turned tho water- pools in the misty woodland into pools of blood. Tho deaf old woman who ' did' for Mr. Macgrogor stood in tho vino-wreatlied door way, like an anciont Venus framed in sweets, and dipped a courtesy to hor mastor and his guests. ' Welcome to the Retreat, Miss Trovanion,' he said, throwing open a door to tlio right of tho spacious ontrance-liall. 'This is my- drawing-room, atolier, smoking-room, study —all in one. You'll ovoVlook tho general topsy-turvynoss of things, I trust. Mrs. Dobson, hero, does her best; but really I never could be brought to soo tho boauly of ordor. Throw off thoso books and papers, Oh.arloy. Thoy can't bo in a worse muddlo than thoy aro now.' Sybil and Gwendoline dropped into soats, and looked about tliem with considerable curiosity. Oeitainly it was a scone of ''most .admired disorder,' yot fastidiously clean, and possessing a cortain element of the picturosquo through all the confusion. Tho bare walls were literally covered with pictures— many of them priceless gsms — all boautifui in thoir way. In one corner stood an easol, with a covorod canvas ; in anothor a writing-desk, strewn with MSS., proofs, books, and all the paraphernalia of authorship. And thoro wore pistols, and sabres, and fonoing-foils, and tobacco-boxes, and dice-boxes, and meer schaums, and lorgnons, statuettes, and par rots, and cockatoos, and canaries in cages, and geraniums- in pots, a piano, a violin, no end of fishing-rods, and tho novels of Paul do Kock — all the unsanctified thousand and ono things of a bachelor's apartment. ? The old woman who ' did' for tho owner of this apartment vanished, and presently renppoared with Mr. Francais, tho valot, laden with wine and oalco, grapes and poaches, for tho ladios. And Gwendoline, who had regained all lior brusque insouoianoe, partook of tho fruit, and fluttered about tho room, looking at ovarytliing, and lost in admiration. ' ' Just hoar this lovoly groon parrot chat tering Fronoh, Sybil ! I wonder i£ Mrs. Ingram would approve of Ids accent. Do you play tho violin and piano both, and paint pictures, and writo books, too, Mr. Mac grogor ? Dear mo, you'ro distrossingly clover ! It really makes my poor head spin to think of it ! And we may look at tho pictures, mayn't wo ? And I may tako this cover off, mayn't I? Oh, Sybil, how swoot ! Just como here J' She had whipped tlio soroon from tho paint ing on tho easol, and stood wrapped. in admh1 ation boforo it. Tho artist had made a slight motion as though to provont hor — thon checked himself and stood a littlo aside, his lips compressed under his dark board. Sybil arose, and went over. A moment sho looked ; thon sho. utterod a faint ejacu lation, and hor oybs turned full upon, tho artist in muto inquiry. It was an ovoning scone — an avonuo with waving troos — park gates in tho foroground and tho tui'rbts of a stately mansion rising 'in in tho distance. A tall, slender young man stood holding a littjo girl — a moro ohild — in his arms, his tall form bont over hor. You 'could soo noitlier faco distinctly, but ho was in tho act of pluoing a ring upon hor linger. And undor tho troos crouched at weird figure — a gypsy-faood old orono— glaring upon thb youthful pair with malign old oyos, Boneath ? was writton : ' Until wo moet again.' ' Vory pretty, indeed,' said 1 Charley, with his oustomary drawl ; ' only why won't thoy lot us ' soo their countonancos P and what'B tho elderly party undor tho treos making faoos for P Sho's not; in IdVo with that siim young man, and jealous of tho littl® ono, is she P ? By (George 1 the anoiont damo isn't unliko old Grassy Hoster.' ' And tlio plaoo looks; like Mo'ukswood,' added Gfavondolino. ' Couldn't thoy havo ?faood tho oompany,.Mr. Macgrogor as well as not P Nioo, isn't it, Sybil P ' Why don't you say somothing P I nover know you tongue tied boforo.' And thon, without waiting for a roply, tho volatilo baronot's daughter darted off at a now tangont, nnd pounood upon a. portfolio o£ slcotohos upon tho tablo. ' Oharloy, como and untio the strings— I adoro pictures, you know._ Mr, ? Maogrogor finds timo to' do all thoso things, and lio undor tho troos and smoko tho way lio does, is a mystery' to mo,' . ? , Mv. Macgrogor paid no hood to tho csmpli mont. Ho was standing, a half smilo on liis face, looking at Sybil's pusizlodj wistful, in quiring countonanoo, Onoo or twioo sho lookod at him, with a half-formed quostion on hor lips, and onoh timo noting thoso oloar dark oyos ! hor own foil and hor colour roso. Tho inquiry bIio would havo miulo died on hor lips. Sho turned away abruptly and walkod over to tho tablo whoro Gwondolino and Oharloy animatedly disoussod tho contents of tho port folio. ' ' Girl orossing a brook with' pitoliors.' They're always orossing brooks with pitohors, nnd always . in their baro fout. ; ' Heron drinking out of a solitary pool,' How thirsty tho horons invariably aro in water-colours. ? Spcering fortunes.' Oh, of course, tho ever lasting red cloak and gypsy face, and sho's charmingly pretty and the gentleman's a perfect love. And — eh ? why, good gracious mo if there isn't Mrs, Ingram.' Gwendoline jerked out a sketch in a violent hurry and hold it up to general view. It was a water- colour— a woman's head, with long, almond oyos and melting smilo. And beneath, in pencil, ' A Rose Pull of Thorns.' ' It is Mrs, Ingram, by Jupiter !' exclaimed Charley, ' I gay, Macgregor, whoro did you ever Bee tho littlo widow, and /how do you como to bo so deuced uncomplimentary p ' A roso full of thorns.' Do you hear that, my colonel P Bo warned in time.' Sybil looked swiftly over hor shoulder at tho artist. Ho was standing behind her brother, and tho darkly handsome faco had turned a dend white. 'The original of that picture is dead,' ho said, hoarsely, ' I don't know your Mrs. Ingram.' .. 'Egad, thon, you've painted her!' said Charley ; ' the original may bedend ton times over, but that's Mrs. Ingram to a certainty, and a capital likonesB, too. If ho doesn't believe us- ho .can step over to Chudloigh Chase — eh, Gwen p — and satisfy himself as soon as ho pleases,' ' I think wo had bettor go,' said Sybil rising hurriedly; ' mamma will fancy I am lost. It will bo quite dark before we rcaoh homo, and there is no moon to-night.' 'With Colonel Trevanion to protect you, what nood you fear ?'' said Oharloy, firing a parting shot at tho Indian officer. ' Come, Miss Chudleigh, you must toar yourself away from Macgregor and his manifold attractions. Time is on the wing.' Tho trio departed — thoir liotft made no atteiiipt to detain them. Tho dead whitoness that had settled on his faco was thoro still when ho bid thorn good-ovening — thero still, when, an hour lator, he leaned over his garden gate, watching tho summer stars como out Mid glimmer in their' goldon beauty on tho still black pools. 'And I thought hor dead,' ho said, between liis teeth ; and once moro she rises before me whero I had hoped oven to forget her memory. Oh, my God! am I never to be EreoP' CHAPTER XIV. ON GUARD. Tho pi-otty little widow who had como to ' form' that fast young lady, Miss Gwendo line Chudloigh, made horsolf entirely at homo at Chudleigh Chase. It was a very pleasant houso — tho rooms largo, lightsome, elegant — Sir Rupert's French cook was an artist, and tho dainty littlo widow was a gourmande in hor way, and liked her sparkling Moselle, hor hock, aud her Cliquot. It was a vory plea sant house, and the hospitable baronet onter tained somo vory pleasant pooplo ; and if his daughter's governess and companion had been a duchess, ho could hardly have treated hor : with moro courtly Grandisonian respect. It ' was ever so much nicer than at Trovanion Park, with only fidgety Lady Lomox, and her high-stopping, proud-oyod daughter, and noth- i ing hotter to flirt with than a flippant Eton i boy. For Mrs.' Ingram dearly lovod flirting1 ! — sho . ?was;, a. coquette, and, as . Miss ?« Trevanion liacL said of lior,' would make eyes 1 at tlio stable lads, if no bettor game was to be ; had. But hotter gamo was abundant at i Chudleigh Olinso. First of all, thoro was tho ! baronet liinisolf, upon whom old point and i floating di'npories, and plump shoulders, and perfumed tresses, aud long almond oyos, wero i never thrown away. And thoro wore tho J officers of tho riflo brigade, vory lionvy swells - indeed, from tho colonel, who wrote his namo 1 high in thp peerage, to tho dashing young i subs, with tho green down yet oallow on thoir i military chins, and who invariably lost their' : heads at first sight of tlio gorgeous widow, i And - thero woro tho country magnates — : ponderous young squires in top-boots and pink i coats, with mutton-chop whiskers, and an ' overfed look, liko thoir own Durham cows, i who stared at tho brilliant littlo lady in ] speechless admiration, and whiBpored clumsy - compliments in her protty pink ear after i dinner in tho drawing-room. And lastly, thoro was Cyril Trovanion — hero and knight- i ^errant — a modern corsair as to his mystorious 1 moodiness, who lived but in hor divino pro- 1 sonce, and who glarod forooiously upon ovory- i thing masculine that dared approach hor. 1 Sir Ruport Chudleigh had been ono of tho 1 first to oall upon tho returned lioir ot Monks- I wood — his old friend's son — and welcome him - ?hoartilv baok to Encrlnnd. But tho roturned i lioir had mot tho baronot's courteous advances with that silont sulkinoss that 'uppoarod- his normal state. ' Your cousin is vory muoh changed, my dear Miss Trovanion,' Sir Ruport had said to Sybil, stroking ? his board thoughtfully *, ' ohangod out of all knowledge, and not for tho bettor, I rogrot to say. The Trovanions woro always goutlomon — thorough-brod ; but your cousin — I givo 'you my word — lio is as rude as tho . most uncouth boor, in Sussex. And I romembor him sixteen years ago, with tho . polished mannors of a prince regent himself.' , NovortholoBs, Sir Ruport iiivitod tlio ox colonel to 'Oliudloigh Olinso, and tho ox-colonel, finding his Oiroo an inmate of tlio houso,, noooptod.i at onoo, and' hauntod the manor as a ghost. Tho oldorly, ologant baronot frownod a littlo at thoso too assiduous attentions. - ? ' The follow is a fool as woll as a boor ! He's after that littlo woman liko a forrot after a' rabbit, a tbrrior after a rat, or a hound after a fox. Ho'll want hor to marry him noxt— tho superhuman idiot, and he'll fotoh her to Monkfiwood, and shut hor up with tho prior's ghost, and food hor on groons and bacon, and shoot any man who so much ns looks at hor. And to think that that Scow ling, sullon, ill-mnnnorod lout, for lior# a lout, should bo Ewos Trovauion's son, with tho best blood of tho kingdom 111 his voius I And yet why nood I tails— there's Gwondolino— no milkmaid in tho country was ovbr moro rustic than sho. It must bo tljnt tho old blood degonor atos— moro's tho pity ! I only hope Mrs. Ingram won't ho a fool and listen to Trovanion. Ho's as poor as n.rat, aud tlio littlo Edith is ambi tious, I daro say sho would liko to booomo my Lady Ohndloigli, and display tho family diamonds on that suporb nock of hors, and roign Lady Paramount at tho county balls. Sho's capital stylo, past mistross of tho art of dross—looks liko ono of Loly's womon, with thoir ripo flguroB and smiling lips and soontod curls ; or Reynolds' bright-oyod, laughing girls, who bewitch you from tlio canvas. I ndinirohor immonsoly, and liko to look nt hor oxoootlingly— but as to marrying hor— 110, my dear Mrs. Ingram— I'll do any tliiug for you but that. I'll pay you any roasonablo salary yearly you liko— I'll listen to your dolioioue littlo chansons and ballads— I'll play coarto with you — I'll admire your exquisite toilets 1 11 pay you high-flown compliments ; but af for mailing you Lady Chudleigh — no, madam* — I never will.' But Mrs. Ingram conld not read, clever ac sho was, tho baronot's complacent thoughts and her motto was still ' hope on.' Sho spent two or throe hours a day ovei her toilets, and came down to dinnor aE elaborately dressed as though the baronol entertained a perpetual dinner-party. She hnd diamonds, and opals, and emeralds, whose radiance mado you wink again ; moires and brocades stiff enough in their richness to stand alone. They wero rather suspicious, thoso splendid jewels, seeing that govornesses, poor things, as a rulo don't sport such splendour ; but Mrs. Ingram looked up at you with tears in tho soft, luminous dark J eyes, and told you how ' poor, darling j Harry' — tho late lamented Ingram — had given her the diamonds and opals, and her Grace of Strathbanc, tho emeralds ; and how could you bo monster enough to doubt tho truth of those innocent, tearful eyes P Sho stood alone in the picture-gallery of Chudleigh, ono afternoon, a little over a week aftor hor coming. As usual, hor toilet was simply perfection — rich green silk, that trailed and wonnd aftor her, a crown of' ivy on tho glossy black hair, rare old laeo draping tho rounded arms, tho ' Strathbano emeralds gleaming greenish as sho moved, and a gold serpent bracelet with emerald bves on hor dimpled wrist. Sho stood, amia 'tho long array of court beauties by Kn.eller and Van dyko, herself a lovely vision, gazing out' with bent brows and steady eyos at the ceaseless, falling rain. Thoso melting, starry eyes had a- trick of growing very hard and steely when 110 other oyos wore near, and the smooth brow bent into sharp linos that turned hor ton years oldor in as many minutes; Sho was very pale, too. It was not quite timo to go down to dinner, and that wondrous rouge in which sho bloomed in perennial youth, and the bolla domm that light up tho velvet oyos, wero Bafoly locked up in tho widow's drawers. ? The August day had been dull, sunless, sultry, and overcast; tho August evening was closing down, hopelessly windy and wet. Tho trees rocked in a high gnlo, tho red-deor trooped away to their shelter, sky and sea blonded afar off in ono long, gray lino. It was a vory fair domain, this Chudleigh ChaBO, ovon in a rainy twilight of an eerie day — a grand old place— and tho wifo of Sir. Ruport Chudloigh and tho mistress of those broad acres might consider liorsplf a very lucky woman indeed. . . ' And not ono rood of it all is entailed,' tho widow thought, hor dark eyes wandering 1 greodily over meadow and park and copso. ' And lie doosn't care for Gwendoline. If sho were to dio to-morrow, I10 -vould shrug his Bhoulders and lift his eyebrows, and say : ' Poor child, how vory unpleasant to finish like this!' and go back to Voltniro and Condorcet, and forgot her in a week. As Mrs. Ingram 1 am nobody, less than nobody, barely. toloratod, admired with an admiration that .is an insult in itself, an object of suspicion, a toast for tho mess-talile, an adventuress, a millinor's lay- figure. But as Lady Chudleigh, this wrotchod lifo of plotting of intrigue, this dreary treadmill, on whioh I have gone up and down for tho past twenty years, of which I am wearied to death, might oud.v- 1 might forgot the past, I might turn Lady Bountiful, grow as saintly and as orthodox as Miss Trevanion herself, and pass tho romaindor of my days free from guilo, ambroidoring elaborate stoles and surplices Eor nowly fledged curates, and loading tho uhoir in tho village church. I could turn my mind to tho poor, to beef and to blankots at Christmas, to weak toa and stale buns for tho charity child ren, arid forgot tho bad, bittor past. And by aud by there would possibly bo an heir, and I might bo simply and honestly happy, liko other womon, an honoured wifo, a loved mother. Oh, lost wrotch that I am !' Sho covered her face suddenly, shuddering from lioad to foot. ' Can I forgot I onco had a Shild P Whoro ill all tho wide earth, or undor it, is tho baby Idesorted oighteen years ago?' Tho dinnor-boll sounded whilo sho still stood thoro, white and cold, so altered, so haggard, so old, so worn, that Si* Rupert Chudloigh would not havo belioved his own ayos had lie soon her. But at the sound of that loud clauging in tho lofty turrots, sho lurnod slowly away and wont up to hor room. Sho was a flrst-olass actress in tho groat drama ^f lifo, and it was hor turn to go on and smilo, ind look happy and beautiful, and play tho ireary play out. ? Tlio many clustering lights wero lighted in drawing and dining-room whon tlio elogant widow swept in, the dark oyos brilliantly sparkling, the delicato rose-tint bright, on ohook and lip, tho soft, subtle smilo at its most witching. The brilliant greon of lior dresB set off thqt rich, bright oomploxion, and tho curiously plaited coronet of ivy lay liko Bonio ohaplot on thb abundant blaok trossos., Thoro woro strangors in the long drawing room whon Mrs. Ingram swopt in ; but strangors at Sir Rupert's hospitable board woro nothing to marvol at. And two of thb ghosts woro not strangors, either, to tho widow. Oyril Trovanion, turning ovor a volume of ongravings, all by liimsolf, and fovorishly watching tho door by which sho must enter ; and Oharlos Lomox, lonning on the back of Gwendoline's ohair, and talking in liis usual slow, lazy voico. A third gentleman— a tnll, dark-boardod man, %yith a sunburned, striking and ominontly hnndsomo faco — stood loaning negligently against tho marble friantol, arguing somo quostion animatedly with his host. Mrs. Ingram lookod at him, and lookod again. Liko Quoou Elizaboth, of virgin memory, sho had a gi-ont and mighty admira tion for handsomo mon, and ndorod (but most womon do' that) tliows and sinews and physical might, Rogavdod from this point of viow, tho dark strangor was really a mngni floont spooimon of kingly man. It was muoh tho samo sort of glarico ub Henry tho Eighth's royal daughter gnvo poor Raloigh, and Essex, and Loioostor, and 'hosts of otliora, oqually approving and equally fatal. Thoro was a lull in tho busy hum of con vorsntion as tho handsomo widow sailed for ward, hoi' long silk robe trailing, hor omoraldH gloaming in tho soft, mollow light. Oolonol Trovanion and Oharloy rose to groot hor, and tho baronot advanood and prosontod liis guost, tho strangor, as Mr. Angus Mnogrogor, (To ha oontinuod.) , 