LOOAL & GENERAL. Eace PwvirjBOBa.— Mr. Bloore sold the race privileges on Saturday as follows:— Booth, £10 10s, T. Ifaioa purchaier e fruit stalls, £1 16s and £1 respeetively, G. Minn», Jan., purohaser ; right of Tattsrsall'a, £7 109, G. WillitttnB purchaser. The Dbought ih the Fab West. — The drought in the far west and north-wrst is praotioally unbroken. Mr. W. Willit, M P., who has reoently returned from those dis tricts, stye that the losses are tremendous. One big squatter is spending £1200 a week in forage. A 'Ghost' Soabb— The Glen Inne« 'Examiner' says: — During the past few days no email amount of curioiity ~uas been awakened in town by ' the statement that a spirit from the unknown regions bad eioapod, and oould be seen nightly at the old slaughter jards on Furraoaba-J Piain. Several r, arsons who have aeea the appari tion, maintain that it h hideous in the ext erne, being in the shape of a headlesa and armles9 man. Several expeditions have bsen formed to lay the 'ghost' out, but on eaoli oocarion it has been absent. Probably it was creating a scare in another part. AGBICCLTr/BAL AND LlVJB StOOE SlA TISTIO8. — From the Government Statist we have received hie annual statement oT the agricultural and live stock statiutioa for N.S. Walre. From this valuable publication the following table hat been compiled : — ?( . 1898\. ~l399 Wheat, bush. ... 10,560,111 ... 9,235,6 17 Maize, ., ... 6,713,060 ... 6,378,738 Barley, „ ... 99,509 ... ; 64,060 Oats ? 513,946 ... 283.249 Lucerne, tons ... 83,164 ... 77,080 Potatoes ? G5.332 ... 62,080 Tobacco, cwt. ... 19 718 ... 12,706 Sugar Cane, tons 269,068 .... 289,206 Wine, gals. .„ 86i,514 ... 850,672 tlorses. No. ... 498,034 ... 488,544 Horned Cattle, No. 2,085,096... 2,015,015 Sheep „ 43,952.857 .. 40,147,601 Swine. „ 207,738 ... 273,903 Dairy Cows, „ 4U.49S ... 417,388 Advances to Sbttlbes Boaed.— In the As Assembly, Mr. Cruick shank u?ka ) : In view of the fact that tbe board for the making of ad vances to settlers has been appointed, I ?hould like to ascertain from tile Secretary for Linus whether he can inform the House of any instruction be may hare g'veu the board as to the administration of the act? Mr. Carruthers: In the first place, I have requested the board ti be prompt ia dealing with all applications for advances. In the next place, I have requested the board not to allow itsalf to bo associated with anything that would involve a lo?s of the people'* money, but to take every reasonable pre caution thut the advances are made in such a way and to such persons that there is a rea sonable expectation ot the money being repaid to tbe sta'e. SOAEorrr of Houses. — Complaints are frequent in Inverell as to tbe scarcity of dwelling houses. Several persons have sought in vain to seoure one, nor is there any likelihood of their doing so. The present teems an opportune time for owners of vacant allotments t- buid, as desirable tenants are not likely to be wanting for some timet) come. Tbe advect of the railway is pretty sure to ciuee a rush In verellwards, and town property will doubt leBB sdvanee materially in value. Outlay in improvements it, therefore, well warranted. It is reassuring to think thattneiminedUte p oi poets of Inverell are of tlie brightest kind, aud the general impression is that we are on the verge of a boom suoh ax has not been experienced here since tiie days when tin mining was at its zenith. Eaob Ball at Wabialda.— On tbe second night of the Warialda races, a raoe ball eras held in the Institute, and was largely attended. The gallery was crowded with epeototors, and ^iej^ventj generally went off satisfactorily. Mr,: E; Cavanough supplied the mtuic ia ajoapab.'e manner. Same elegant costumes were worn br ladies present. Mist S. Fitzgerald (Glen Inoesj) Rooked paiticulary hancUome in a dress of cream satin, trimmed witb peacock bine and silk luce, and Mrs. B. Crane, in cream cash mere, was a'so becomingly attired. Tba contents of the Jja.iifi»' Bag— won by Mr. W. B. Geddes' old favorite Magioian — were on view on the stage, and included same really useful aud costly articles. Mr. Geddes gallantly allowed Mm. H. B. Munro to choose an article froTi the oo lection as a second prize, her nomination ( f urrctt) occu pying that place in the nee. The ball con cluded at about 3 a.m. Public Schools Athletic Association. — A largely-attended meeting of the mem bers of this AsBooiation was held at tha local School of Arts on Saturday last, the busioess being to test the feeling of members in regard to holding aa exhibition of school work ia connection with the annual sports meeting. Mr. Cousins (chairman) who iaitUtes the departure, explained his ideas ia regard to it, and touched on the desirability of pro viding competitions for those who are not possessed of athletio ability. The members heartily supported the project, and Mr. Cousins gave notice that he intended to move the following motion at the next an nual meeting of the Association—' That an exhibitioc of school work be held ia conntc. tion with the onnust sports meeting of tbe P.S.A.A. Assjoiation.' This meeting then terminated, and resolved itself into a meetiug of teachers to consider the advisability of forming a Teachers' Musical Union, and also a Teachers' Mutua! Improvement Associa tion. The objects having been explained by Messrs. Lundy and Grossick respectively, and discussed gen 9 rally by those present, it was decided that both Union and Association be formed and committees were appointed to draft Bchetues. aud draw up rules for the lame. It wag further decided that schemes and rules should be presented at a meeting of teacher* to be held on Saturday. 6lli May, 1899, wheu it is hoped that teachers absent from Saturday'* meeting will make an effort to b - pretcnt. Eir-ouBAGitra Faebiebs. — The resolva of the Minister for Agriculture to offer dieo ploughs as prices at curtain 'of the country shows is d matter of some importance. These implements represent usanuch advance over the old-time p ougbs aa do the latter 'over the primitive method of tillage by taming up the soil with a pointed stick. They cave time and labour aud do the work required of them more effectively than did the old machinery. They are one of the greatest aids to farming on a large scale that have been introduced, and in this country where* ever employed their merit has bsen at Jnee recognisei by the most progressive farmers. But like agriculture of the newer type they are cosily ; the average f armor, even whoa lie knows of these labor-saving appliances, can only avail himself of them by hire, or by oo-operatiou with his neighbour in (heir purchase. The Minister's offer of these ploughs us prizes at shows will have soinc important and valuable results in inoreaatng the competition ia the farming sections, in getting tho ploughs tested ia the different dUtriots of the colony, and introducing them to agriculturists where suitable. This is a judicious euoouragemeot, because it brings it the most attractive way before farmers who cultivate good -sized area* a machine which ought to be fouid adapted to most classeB of land,- and, wherever adopted, should prove, valuable. It is by the employ ment oE machinery upon large araa? that America makos her agricultural industry tbe envy and the object lesson of the world, and by following hct example, with the in troduction or invention of labour-saving machinery, are farmers ate likely to build up their industry to a corresponding impor tance. It is farming with brains that pays, and our farmers, ouce they are shown the way of progicss, will not be found wanting o the will and the capacity to improTe. ? 