THE DUELLO. There is at present feeing charmingly performed in the Theatre Eojal a charming eighteenth century csinedy which, if our senior morning cen tempcrary ie to be accounted a dramatic authority, contains at least . one . very startling situation. According to the ' Herald/' two of the characters, ' in the presence of a ring of spectators, face one another, each hold ins a revolver at the other's head.' The notion of spectators forming a. ring aronnd a pair of duellists who are about to use pistols, seems peculiar, even on the stage, waere they do some very queer tfcings, and knowing the cars and at tention te detail bestewed by Mr. Brough on his productions, we imagine that the ' ring of spec tators ' is only a flight of fancy on the part of our contemporary, and that on the stage of the Royal the spectators of a duel keep out of the line of fire, even though taere is a head as a kind of obstacle before the muzzle of each pistol. In the days when duels were fought in Engl -nd, and in countries where they are fought nowadays with pistols, the spectators take care to stand where no bullet is likely to reach them. It is true that when duelling was a recognised institution in Ireland the spectators of one there often, by their eagerness to see all that was going on, put themselves in the way of danger. In the last duel fought in Cork tke only injury suffered by the combatants was the breaking of -the little » finger ' of the pistol hand of one of then:. A spectator sitting on a wall in order to obtain a first-class view of the affair, however, had his leg broken by one of the bullets. This, however, could scarcely form a precedent fer fighting a stage duel in a ring of epeetators. indeed, we imagine that tbe 'ring' only, exists in the fancy of our contemporary, who looks upon duels as having been conducted in muck the same way as a modern ' fight to a finish.' The notion of the ' ring of spectators,' however, is not so curious a one as that of the dnellists having faced each other with revolvers. It is quite true, we believe, as certain mnEearas show, that the idea of a revolving pistol is not quite so re cent as some p9«ple imagine it to be, but we think we are within the tounds of historical accuracy when we s*y that gentlemen did not fight duels with revolvers in the eighteenth century, and that as in the ca«e of 'the ring*' Mr. Brough is hardly likely to have permitted the Btage duel in ' Lady Ursula' to have been carried out with the weapon so long identi fied with the name of Colt. At the Siaae time revolvers are and have been occasionally put t© strange usee on the stage. In the Princess Theatre, Dnaedin, one night an actor aow retired from the stage and- living in Sydney, had to shoot a character with a revolver. He pulled the trigger five times, but not a barrel went off. The prompter was not ready with a spare pistol in the wing, as he should hav« been, 60 that by discharg ing it tbe actor's pistol would seem to have hung fire. The actor, however, was a man of resourea. Seizing by the throat -with the left hand the character he had to kill he proceeded to stab him to death — with the butt end of the revolver. The dedication of Kurnell is now an accom plished fact, and the public may reasonably anti cipate a rest from the wave of Kurnell literature, derivation of the name, &c;, which has of late inundated the press. 1'hese ' functions,' as they are called, may be considered essential, but to judge from the quality of the speeches delivered the speakers must ha . e found it somewhat of a bore. The Lieutenant- Governor's mostly consists of an extract about Captain Cook by Admiral Forbes. The Admiral cleverly eeized the opportunity, and remarked that as' Sir Frederick had exhaustively gone into the subject of Cook lie had nothing more to say about him. Mr. Carruthers ruth lessly gave the audience all abeut Cook, or, at least, as much he knew about him, ali over again, and then mildly patted himself on the back for the good deed he had done in dedicating the place to the public use. Cook himself was not noted for oratory, but if his ghost had been present/ he must hava wondered whether the speakers were really in earnest. The Admiral missed a geod_ point, for, when referring to the fact that the British flag had been hoisted three times in Botany Bay, he might have drawn a parallel in New Guinea, where three annexations took place. Anyhow the one glad thing that, a grateful public has to rejoice over is the fact that Kurnell and Hospital Saturday are now both dis posed of for some time to come. Tne ladies and gentlemen whose utterly nnsel« fish work and admirable organisation made Hospital Saturday a success beyond ex pectation deserve ihe unstinted thanks of the community. There could be no better way ef obtaining the necessary support for our hospitals than that which has now become a recognised institution. It does away with much unsyste matic and occasioaally rot unobjectionable methods of raising subscriptions, and it is ee cos mopolitan in its scope, and its methods are so ssEentially democratic, that it appeals for support to all, and what is more gets that sup port. There is an attractiveness about it both for her who collects and for him or her who is asted to give that, makes thefjrocess of soliciting and beBtowing pleasant and amusing-, even outside the approving conscience which the distribution of charity confers. It also con centrates in one day the charity which, if spread out over too many days, is apt to be forgetful, or to fail altogether. There is no putting off until a more ~ convenient reason on Hospital Saturday. The money hss to be given there and then, and that being known there is less unpleasantness in giving it even for the f aw, tke very few, who may grudge. But, on the ?whole, everyone gives with alacrity, and thanks to admirable organisation and self-sacrifice every penny given goes direct to its object. According to a statement made in the New York ' Herald,' which has been cabled from London, Aguinaldo has recognised the sovereignty of America. This looks like the termination of a most unsatisfactory war. It has been known, or confidently rumored, for some time that the Filipinos were running short of ammunition. This coupled with the capture of large supplies by the American troops, both at Halolos ana Balivnt, is perhaps the explanation of the submission. No one should hail the conclusion of the war more than the Americans themselves. There is no great honor, to be gained — great expense, little result, and the war threatened to be endless. It is evident that Aguinaldo has been brought t» a more reasonable frame of mind than when he executed his nnf'ortnnate general for only proposing a rational course of action. If the news is true, now comes the time when America will have to ' take up the white man's burden' ia a very thorough manner. A small fleet will have to be main tained in the group to check piracy, which ob tb^e withdrawal of the Spanish guuboate from such places as Zambogu^a, Zebu, and Port Eroyalist, is probably all ready to break out again as of old. An army of officials will have to be kept all through the group, and much expe rience will have to be gained before they find out the exact kind of government suitable to the ' Filipino intelligence. For the Filipinos the gain will be great, and though the islands may not advance as quickly as the sanguine imagine, they will advance considerably quicker than before. 