KISS-IN-THE-RING RELWION. Btrangegt of the strange sects are tho 'True Belfovers' of Southern Kinsas. Tho head of the Believers is Joab Morris, a horse trader. One of his sons-in- law, Bohall, is the preaoher of the aasf. Another, named Darling, is the marter of an 'unknown tongne,' with ? which he impresses the creflulouB- Morris and Darling cannot read or write ; Bohall can barely read- At night the meetings are held wheh the spirit moves. The men Bit at. nnn ami nf n-o 1 ™»i u; women at the other. -The grunting of pigs and the lowing of cdws come to the ear over we low partitfonT^The sermon of Joseph Bohall is made np'b!familia?phrases caught from frontier preachers.' Snddenly among the listening worshippers James Darling jumps to his feet^-'Kiyi, how pocopciri. Id yi, he said, as taken down by a reporter, and then be sat down trembling in every limb, and shuffling and patting his feet upon tbe ground. ? The Holy Ghost, speaking in the unknown tongue,' was solemnly whis pered around and the feeling grew intense. The audience swayed their bodies into' unison a« Bohall resumed his talk. The spirit had entered into the faithful, and all olsewas forgot ten in this religious eostacy Then Darling rose afeain and interpreted for thoae not blest with the gift of the unknown tongue. ' Be faithful and persevering and you will succeed,' he said was the meaning -rf what he had eaid betore in the new tcngue, and the interpretation was aooepted with prayers, amens, and utter belief. Then onme a section of axiMriAnnoa .nj AQni, ««« .n turn related how the spirit had worked within him and caused him to do this or that in the furtherance of the faith of the True Followers. The faithful then formed in a iirde. Two basins of water were brought out of the house. One was handed to the side of the ring formed oy the women and tbe_ other waa given to the men. Morris and Bohall each tied a towel about their loinsand washed thair feet, and then eaoh washed those of the person next to them. That person in' turn took the towel and girding up his or her loins washed tbe feet of the one who eat next. This was kept up until the feet of all the faithful had been washed. Then tho holy sacrament waa par taken of. Fokeberry wine and ooarse bread jf«re used. Daring all this time Darling broke out occasionally with speeches in the unknown tongue, which speeches he trans lated immediately. They were mostly ex hortations to the faithful to persevere, aud promising future happiness for so dofng. Towards the end of tip meeting Darling would go into fite of trembling and feet shuffling before he spoke. His nervous sufferings seemed real and. they affected the orowd sympathetically. Tnen oame the ceremony of the holy kiss. The faithful stood in a cirole, men and women alternating, Each preaoher kissed the woman on his right hand, then the man next to the woman, asd so on ronnl tho oirole, until they had kissed everybody there. After the first got well under way in his kissing tour the next one followed, and the Boene Roon resembled an old fashioned country dance in the figure of 'grand chain,' or, as the callers used to an nounce, 'Right hand to the lady, Wt hand to the gent; all hands round/ By this time tbe True Followers were nearly in a frenzy, and they sobbed, aroauei. and prayed aloud. After quiet had been restored which was not for sevoral moments, Joab Morris arose with a Bible, iu his hand and began to preaoh. Ho cannot read, but he said he oould answer any question about anything in it, for tboso who oould readonly knew what they read, but at Ohrilt spoke through him he knew its meaning. Then the 'unknown tongue' interrupted Morris's vigorous praaohing and pounding of the book he held in bis hand, and the » ki-yi- pooo- po-ou-ki.yi' from * Darling's strong lungs sounded shrilly in the night. Tbe itarlled horses stopped munohing hay and the pigstoused up and squealed. . The faith ful never learned what the Holy Ghost laid to -hjattUUme. fortheman whospokain »„ j tongaea /ell intoa trance and wan uarned intu the house. He often does this, they 'say,' and sometimes- does noV come to life for many hours. For some time Joab Morris has preaohed the ooming of -Christ in .the near f ature and the wisdom of ceasing work and selling all one's goods to prepare for the great event. Morris is a tall, finely built man. Darling, the man who has the gift of the ' unknown tongue,' i» a heavy, stupid, and surly fellow, ignorant as a human being oou'.d well be, and almost idiotio iu hia eppearanoe and actions. He has the powgr of working himself into a rnligious frenzy, whioh always results in unconsciousness. The Believers cure, or profess to onre, by the laying on of hands. A farmer named George Huffman had two ohildren ill. Both were treated in this manner and both died without medical attendanoe. A physician in the neighbour* hood says ' that they had ohioken pox and oould easily have been saved. They believe that they can piok up snakes unharmed, although one has died in trying it. They claim that his faith was not perfect. The meetings of the True Followers are not aiwayi without dramatio incident. It is told of one who joined that as he was about to partake of the saorament he who spoke the unknown tongue forbade him, saying I he now member was still possessed of a devil. Great oxcitement and consternation followed, and the entire assembly set to work to pray the devil out. After several hours of struggle the devil fled from the repentant brother and took to his heels down a ravine in the black j'aoke, with the whole con gregatlon yelling at his heels. JThe devil wan finally treed and shot to doath with real powder and ball, and the churoh again went iuto a session in which the cleansed brother was tllowed to partake of the saorament. The True Eollowers have a bay. horse rider and a bluak-horse lidor. The blaok horse goes about the eountry when it i« not yet time, but when Christ is near or the earth quake ia about to oomo the bay-horse rider will ecour the country, giving warning to tbe True Followers, that they may be on their knees when the end is come. 