POLITICAL KICKS. Premier Beddon saye that Maoriland will realiee a eurplui of over £600,000 for the financial year, and the Government will have no diffienlty in meeting the expendi ture on the old-age pensions. Adelaide Quiz Bays that King CMalloy, M.P., had a narrow escape the olhor day (torn being bitten by a, black snake in the island part of hia coneititaenyy. ' What part of hie enatomy ie thetP' tska the WOBKEB. * Tfa ere U lets liqnor Bold now in the N.8.W. Parliamentary refreshment room in a ee» ?ion tban there was in a month before pay ment of memben came into voRoe. Which is to Bay that prior to the advent of the Labor Party members drank five times as mnob. An official fact. Interviewed by George Black in Adelaide, the eminent Amerioan engineer. Linden Bates, was asked if Bnaaian labor was cheap. Hit reply was : 'Taken in the mais there ieno snnb thine as dear or cheap labor. Labor « invariably worth what yon pay for it, and the oheapoat labor ie usually the dearest in the end. An Amerioan or Aus tralian workman ie paid five or eiz times As much as a Russian workman, and his pro duct is five or six times as great. High wages mean not only a better-fed and boosed man, and, therefore, a better developed anim 1, they eleo mean a better informed olase of man, a reasoning worker who men biB tools and strength to the best advantage, and whose work is therefore not only more intense, bnt more perfect and lees in need of supervision.' Taemanian employers please note. Barker quotes looal itietanoee already. '?At some of yonr factories thore are chil dren of from 7 to 10 years of age working 12 and 18 hours a day for wages ranging from 2b 9d to 4i a week. Is that the way to build up a great nation of healthy, well educated citizens P' The Labor leaders of the West Ooast are «»er aotive in parochial and general matters, and seek representation on all local hodief, yet they have so far failed to get a substantial grip on the more important pnl'*-cal nmobine — Parliament. The Qneenetown eleotion presents a special opportunity, bnt up to-date no Labor oan didate ie annonnoed or epoken of. Mai Hiraoh, the Victorian singletaxer, who is at present on the West Chast, can clack freelrade figures on end against all oomerB, and talk the 'dreary soienoe ' with the persistency of a treadmill; bnt he is as void of humor ae the everyday German jiddieber. He is booked for Zeehan and QueeuBtown, under the auspioee oi the West Coast Democratic League, and op to date has worked off four leotures on the people of the former town. Premier Reid is, Scotsman like, blessed with a frugal mind. When away from his family circle he ie not above patronising a onrUin Cd tea and econe shop. Tbe last any he went there the waitress said ' 7d. 'WtmtP' asked Georire. 'It used to be only 6d.' ' Tes, sir,' said tbe waitress, 'but there's a penny duty on tea now.' 'And if the proposed 8d had been oarrie( would yon charge me 9d.' 'Tes, 6ir.' 'God blesB the Labor Party !' cried George, that's tuppence they saved me by their voU,'_0Em0l Tbe Premiers' Conference has been des cribed at consisting of 'three tories, two osmoorats, and a wobbler.' Tories hate and wobblers fear the ' common ' people. Whioh probably accounts for tbe exclusion of the referendum from the Premiers' pro posals. At the last meeting of the Strahan Marine Board, Driffield, warden for Lyell Co., moved that the question of appointing on engineer to the Board be brought on this day six months. So the job didn't come off after all. Master-Warden Miles then said something about the Union Co. having no barges for sale, and that he would go to Melbourne to look at some; but Napier Bell snuffed him out by saying " that he didn't want the d----d dredge," or words to that effect. All the servants of the Board received three months notice, and new applications are to be dealt with at the next meeting, four weeks hence. An effort was made to keep the old servants, who, like Secretary Prater, have done yeomen service, in their places ; but Miles and Co. carried their point. Some certificates were made the standard for harbor-master and chief pilot, although most of our men with local tickets get their ships in and out without trouble while highly- certificated mariners run 'em on the rocks, to the intense delight of insurance companies. " Grafter " writes : In your issue of the 4th inst. you stated that the Zeehan war- dens of the Strahan Marine Board urged the inclusion of a minimum clause in the contracts to be let by the Board. Give the devil his due ! It was Steve Gaffney, the Queenstown warden, who put the motion which somewhat distressed the equilibrium of Miles and Co. Steve Gaffney has so far not made himself heard, but although his tongue does not possess the fluency of Mor- risby's his heart is in the right place. The wardens who voted against an inser- tion of a minimum wages clause in the contracts of the Strahan Marine Board are : Henry, Robertson, Hales, Miles, and Hall. For it: S. Gaffney (mover), Morrisby (seconder), and Sligo (lonely supporter). It is to be hoped that West Coasters will make a note of this and throw the elective members who voted against this necessary clause on to their thick heads next election time. "Democrat " F. O. Henry, who got on to the Strahan Marine Board mainly by the working men's vote, was amongst those who voted against the minimum wage clause at the last meeting of the Board. He had not too many votes to spare last election, and it is doubtful whether he would have polled into a place if Alf Slater had stood. If Slater runs Henry next election the latter will have to take a back seat. There is no keeping out Teddy Miles. Some months ago Queenstowners weren't particular at all as to how they would eat the ubiquitous member for Glamorgan as long as they weren't kept waiting. And now readers of the West Coast dailies stumble across the following : QUEENSTOWN RECREATION GROUND. GRAND SPORTS, to be held on ST. PAT- RICK'S DAY (Friday, March 17), For the purpose of paying off Large Debt in- curred in Improving the Ground. Patron : Vice-Patron Mr. E. Stitcht. Captain Miles. Evidently Teddie has been " parting up." The other day he gave £20 to the Strahan Regatta fund. Why this sudden generosity ? Candidate for Queenstown, eh ? The crowd broke Patterson np with ques tions on Wednesday night. A few pointed ones made bis massive flanks absolutely shake with indignation. 'Is it a fair thing for contractors to employ 'runners on ^railway works in order to sweat !??— Wl navvies P' I don't know what yon mean by runners. ' Would you tax the un earned increment of land P' I don't know what ie meant by unearned increment. I bought land for £100 an acre, now it is not wortb £20. Where is the unearned incre ment of that P (Applause from the pimple beads in the galena gallery.) 'Do you favor old age pensions t' I agree with the prinoiple, bnt it is not applicable in Tas mania. ' Minimum wage on all contraotsP' No; but when I employed men I always paid them a minimum wage of 7s and 11s for a horse and cart. 'One man one vote for both HouseB of the looal Parltament the same as acoepted for both Honees of the Federal Parliament P' Decidedly I am not in favor of one man one vote for the Upper House P 'WbyP' Beoanse it represents a totally different olass to the Lower House. ' To whioh class do you belong P' (No re ply vonrheafed to tins question)- ' Restric tion of ohild labor in factories P' 1 don't know thit children under 18 are being em ployed in factories. ' Would you place oIudb under the same restrictions ae hotels in regard to licenses and hours of dosing P' Why should clubs be restricted P I Bin assured that members of the Working Men's Club are going to vote for me! 'That's begging the question ; no drink is sold at the Working Men's Club, and the hours are re stricted, anyway.' (Question repeated). No, I would not place clubs under ili-: same re striotions as hotels. Etc., etc. Every question not shuffled was met by an an swer betraying a fosBiliFed toryism which none but a typical Fatman or a fool would dream of pleading guilty to. The presiding trinity at Patterson 'e Town Hall meeting: BurgeBB (of V.D.L, Bank fame), Galena Patterson, and the highly re speoted Guetdon. And batting around in the character of archangel was Harem Soarum Wakeham, publioan of Hobart. These be tby gods, O Israel. We must really try and induce Wakeham to start a Boodlers' Band of Hope. Some politicians employ a 'ghost' to write their speeches. The ghost in Wed nesday's Town Hall trinity should be easily recognised, Patterson, Propsting, and Rattle are all deolared supporters of the land monopoli sing and bricks and mortar defenders in the Leg. Council. St. Hill, at time of writing, huBn't declared himself. Paton goes for one man one vote for both Houses, so that manhood should be represented and not mere money. Fatterson has epoken. The great orato rical event came off at the Town Hall on Wednesday night. The flood of bnrning eloquence which bubbled spontaneously from the speaker's massive boeom was eagerly imbibed by tbe pimple-headed push, with the result that said puBh got as drunk as Ohloe, and cheered whenever the Fatman on the platform blew Mb nose or said haw! Lnck ie a wonderful think. Take Fatter son for instance. Judging by his speech the other night, and the absurdly ridioulous answers he gave to the questions asked, his intellectuality is about on a par with that of a Punch and Judy showman ; yet he has no necessity to either toil or spin, and objects to one man one vote for both Houses of Parliament beoause ' they represent totally different oIbbsob.' Rather! Some nios are only generous when it suits their purpose, but it is sometimes interest ing bow this generosity is counter-balanced. Say Jones gives £20 to see bis name in print, for purposes best known to himself, and then goes Btraigbt away and raises the rents of hiB tenants. The tenants are only a few, ye ken, bnt the public who read cf the ^liberal donation are many. 