OUR LONDON LETTER [Fboh Oob Own Coeeestondent."] j London", June 9. The CmjECH Pakty and thb Southiort Election. TIio ultra - cburcn party mid the large section of Tories who think with them, have been at enormous pains to explain nway, if not to actually inisropre-cnt, the meaning of the recent election at ffoutbport. They are siill harping ou the same chord. Better by far in their own interests that they let the matter drop altogether, if they are determined not to admit the truth. Their present pcr veraeneS3 only betrays how acutely they are smarting under their castiiratinn. One could understand their trying to minimise the Liberal victory, but to insist 011 misconstruing its import, and on attributing u entirely to local considerations, is to presume ou the intelligence of the electors to an insulting extent. The significance of the poll, "however, is too plain for the church or any other party to bamboozle the constituencies about it. If over a contest was fought- out ou public principles, this one at Southport was. Frem the first day the campaign way opened it wa* made evident that the church question would bo cno of its most prominent features. For my own part, I believo it was the main and determining factor in the contest. In spite of repeated warning and expostulation the bishops, both lay and clerical—for there are in this crisis bishops of both kinds. Lord Halifax aud Viscount Oranborue being the two lay archbishops!—have obstinately re fused to believe that the couutry has taken the matter so seriously ugaiust them, as has been represented. The rc>ult of this election was a rough awakencr for tbem. vet it i> very doubtful whether they will pvotir by it. CoXSEQUlSXCES OF EpiiCOrAL INACTION. The great body of the mity know well enough that the crisis has come, and can no longer bo evaded. They know that the com paratively mild ritualist movement has now developed, under suspicious auspices, into a system of sacerdotalism as aggressive and as presumptuous as that of Rome itself, and thai the country is resolved to have none of it any longer in the national church. Hcuco they have earnestly appealed again and again to the bishops to act promptly in defence of the Protestant forms and principles of the church, bntinvaiu. Consequently the evil has got beyond their lordships* control. Even while the arcbhishopa and bishops profess to be engaged in combating it, Lord Halifax again publicly declares—us ho did last week on the day before the poll at Southport—that, come what may, he aud those who arc acting with him will refu-.o to acknowledge or obey any temporal authority over or in the chutch! In preseuce of this startling fact the moral of the Southport election is unmistakable—that the people at large are resolved to maintain the principles of the Reformation, alike as to doctrine and the supremacy of the Crown ana Parliament; that they have lost confidence in the ability of the bishops to effectively cojk? with tlio disorder in the church : and that the rime has some to invoke the authority of the Honso of Commons. Tiic bishops have only themselves to thank for tins painful stale of things, and it Is evident that the nation has very little sympathy with them in their diffi culty. The impression certainly prevails that they have not been as faithful as ibcy ought to have been to the great Protestant trust placed in their hands. Death of a Uesiatxable Teetotaler. Last week the temperance party, not of England merely, but of the whole empire, lost one of th^ir ablest and most devoted advo cates—Dr. Norman Kerr, whose name in revered in many a home in this and other countries. I know of no greater honour that can be done to the memory of a man than to say that the world is the belter for his having lived and worked, and I am sure that can be said of Norman Kerr. He made alcohol, its properties, and its uction, the study of hie life, and at the same time laboured for the temperance cause with a philanthropic zeal that has been seldom equalled and never sur passed.- He was widely recognised as an authority on his special subject, and both as a lecturer and a writer was well known nil over the country. He was also one of the iirat to recognise certain pbusc* of intemper ance as a disease, and from this point of view did as much as any man of his day for the treatment and cure of inebriates. I do net say this because lam a, teetotaler, for I am not one, but because I have bad the oppor tunity of seeing much of the good man's work for some years past. It is not many weeks riuco thai I was talking with Sir Wilfrid Lawson about him, just when his power for work was cut short, and I was much im pressed by* the high appreciation which Sir Wilfrid expressed of Dr. Kerr una hi* labours. The doctor was educated at Glasgow Univer sity. and took his AI.D. degree as far back as 18G1, was closely connected with the American association for the euro of inebriates, and a vice-president of the International Council of Alcdieal Jurisprudence. Hi« health had been failing for some time, and six wcx-ks ago in travelling up to London from Hastings, where ho resided, he caught a fata* chill. His work will live long after him. Demolition of a Famous Old TIousn. Another link with the pa*fc is about to vanish in the shape of the famous *• Treaty House," of Hounslow, the health of which is sacred to tho memory of Claude Duvi), and many another gallant highwayman of •' the good old times." It was in tin* dining-room of this house that the conditions of peace were signed by Lord Fairfax immediately after the victory over the cavaliers at Brentford, and the building, which abuts on the once hu*y High sirect of the place, is to be removed to make way for an elceirio tramway. The ohl part of the bouse, including Ute unique and finely-carved staircase, bos of course been long credited with a ghost—the shade of a gentleman who, tradition saith, bung himself from the banisters, but the 14 uneasy spirit" has not been seen for at least 50 years. At one time the house was- occupier! as a seminary, and it is said that the officers of an adjacent bar* rnclcs one uight raised a false alarm of "fire." and frightened the young ladies forth in their nightdresses. The joke cost the perpetra tors £1,000 in damage*. Up to 1M0 many bi)dics of malefactors dangled from the gibbets on the neighbouring heath, which at one time was the most dangerous, and at the came time tho most beau tiful f-pot iu the neighbourhood of London. To show Low tho times aro change.! I roay mention that at the accession of Qu»*on Victoria there were as many as 500 State coaches and 1.500 horses daily employed iu transit through the town, it being tho first stage on the roads to Bath and Southampton. Xoiv when a coach appears it is a red letter day of the week. Peace Co.ntese;?ce. Tho peace conference at tho Hague is still at work. It has already dona more than many people ever expected it would accom plish, but not half as much as many others imped it would do. The international agree ment with respect to mediation ::ud arbitra tion is something to tho good, but luf.v much can only be proved by practical experience. ; There cannot, of coarse, be anything com pulsory in the character of such an agree ment. uud when nations get oxcitcil to tho verge of quarrelling, moral conditions aro easily evaded. The hope of ciL-etiug an arrangement in the shape of disarmament, or even a cessation of arming, oven :t it was over seriously entertained—his been seen for a long time to be utterly illusory. There have been indications during the last few days that suggest the wisdom of not unduly prolonging ihc conference. Oue or two questions have been tabled that point to nn attempt hy the ropre srntatives of one nation to get an advantage at the expense of tho others, and it seems to me that the moment any spirit of that kind begin® to show itsfif, it is an indication -hat the powers of the confereuco for the general benefit have been exhausted. The priucipai means of good that can come of the con ference, under existing conditions, are, it ap peal* to me. that through it the nations are brought to confer together and to better understand each other. It is a curious fact that the Emperor Napoleon III. made a vigorous effort about 1868 to induce the nations to consent to partial disarmament, but Prussia frustrated the idea by refusing to entertain it. PABi-UOtEXTARY GRANT TO THE MRDAB. I There was a large muster in the House of Commons on Monday night to deal with the proposed grant of £30,000 to tho Sirdar. It was, of course, a foregone* conclusion that tho raotiou. brought forward by the Govemmont. worild be pns>cd. The question was not made a party one at all, and therefore the great disparity of figures in the division—393 to 51 —was of little consequence from that point of view, although the abstentious and cross voriug were greater thun had fcoeu anticipated Moreover, the two questions of practically recognising the merits of Lord Kitshcner and of disapproving the mutilation and dispersaj of ihernn nns of tho Mahdi vera combined, and many m-mbers fc-lt ihat it would be uu gracioa*, if not in wjmo sense unjust, to refuse to co the one thing ou tho ground of objection to the other. Nevertheless, the debate eerved its main purpose. It grave those who strongly disapproved tho action concerning the 3Iuudrs tomb full opportunity of recording their protest against it. and they had this satisfaction, too—that while every body regretted the necessity of the act. not one per>ou dared excuse or defend it on other ground.-* than those of political expedi ency, a terra which certainly may bo made to cover an immense ground, and tho moral conditions of which are b}* no mj.ius clearly defined. Snrdy'that is sufficient, justification for the couauct of thtru* who opposed the grant, and who, led by John Morley, had the courage of their convictions sufficiently to go into the division lobby against it. * There were several features of collateral interest in die detute worth noting, but I have ex hausted my space tbi< week and must defer mentioning then. I raay add. however, that Lord Kitchener was in the Houso during the proceeding*, and evidently followed tho speeches with tho closest interest. It is fervently to be hoped wo hnvo now heard tho last of this incident about tho Muhd; and his tomb. EkQUXD AXJ> TII55 TnAXSYAAL. The failure of tho coiu'erenco between Sir A.. Milncr and President ICruger at Bloeni fontem is being taken very seriously in Eng land, and especially in tho Houso of Com mons. It is felt that tho action of President Kroger has rendered tho crisis acute, though not hopeless. An arrangement, it is thought by many, mar tfiU bo arrived at. But I cannot wy tliat this is tho opinion of tho majority, who now doubt the honesty and sincerity of the Boers aud their Government when thcr professed readiness to grant reasonable reform?. The general opinion i» that the proposals of Sir A. Miinor were moderate aud tho least that could ho accepted, particularly as the High Commissioner showed that they would neither awiirnp the Boers nor weaken tho independence of the country. Tho Jloers would still have a majority in the Raad. No, no; I fear it is not what Mr. Krngcr wants. He pursued a crafiy part from tho beginning. Hitherto nviny parsons in England bavo sympathised with him and the Bo;r* somewhat in their desire not to be effaced. cither as n cation or unpeople, by the foreigners ; but they will hardly do so auy longer. I cannot for one. Mark the course 3Ir. Kruger adopted, first ho threw on Sir A. >lil- j ncr the onus of raising the question Sir A. Slilner stated the case, but before any thing practical could be done, the President "cut in." and tried to get the High Com missioner to consent that the question of the franchise, and all others, should be submitted to arbitration. This, of course, was only another and a very artful way of trying to escape the suzerainty of England and of placiug the Trausvanl on a level with every other absolutely independent nation. Sir A. Milner, of course, instantly and definitely rejected the idea, dcclariug that the English Government would never permit the inter ference of a foreign power. After that President Kruger submitted his franchise proposal, and they were found to be utterly inadequate. On tho franchise question depended the others, and as no agreement could be arrived at on that, the conference ended, and ended abortively. Mr. Chamber lain has since stated in the House of Commons that the Government regard the Boer propositi.- as quite inadequate, and when a sum maty of them was rend out. members laughed ironically. It would hi premature yet to speak of the con-equcnces of the action of the Beers. All ono can say safely for the moment is the that action has created con siderable dissatisfaction, and that it has strengthened the determination of tho country to see that political justice is done to the Quthmdcn*. 