I MIDSHIPMAN'S ROMANCE. ' PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. 3E8 ar HWm CSXsa/Brffec iESoaaLSBss©!.:!., (Author of '.'The Wreck of the Grosvenor." "The Golden Hope," "The Death Ship,"' "The V, Frozen Pirate," "An Ocean Tragedy," "A Sea Queen," "My Danish Sweetheart," "The Good Ship Mohock," "Alone' on a Wide, Wide Sea," "The Tale of the : .. ; . Ton," &c;„ &c.; i . ' ! . COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER I.— THE PRIEST. . 1 was born at Bouvllle, Oj little dusky sea port situated on the French coast betwixt Brest and placid old Calais. One long pier strikes fang-like with a flash into the breaches of the sea, and the wild play of foam manes a light for that grey ana gloomy har bour. The gloom Is In the black timbers of pier, in- the dark green sheathing of seaweed, in an appearance of darkness in the water- Where it spreads Its inmost extremity. I was christened Walter after my father, and as Walter Longmore I make my bow to you. Our house was an old cottage situated ' on the north border of the town hard by a rich small wood, through which ran a clear crystal brook full of minnows, which, when a little bey, I used to flsh for with crooked pins and earth-worms, and though no angler was more patient, I never caught one. My father had been induced to take this house partly because liis means were small, and he had been told that Bouvllle was a cheap place to live , in, and partly because of my mother's health. Which had been delicate, and one or two Lon don doctors assured him that Bouvllle would give iter the air she needed. It was a romantic little cottage, and from Its garret window you could see a white streak of channel water be tween two horns of land. Whenever I smell sweet lavender that house comes before rne, for Its atmosphere was very subtly charged itvtth that delicate aroma, or something like it. , We had two large gardens; in the lower .1 -one there had long before our time been dug out a great pond about twelve feet deep. How It was kept filled I do not recollect. The wa ter. was flit liy, and full of tittlebats and frogS iihd. 'creatures. as beautiful and fearful as the- Ancient Mariner saw swimming amidst the fires in the ship's shndo.w. It was pro tected by an old green railing with two gates, and In, the middle of It was a pedestal to sup- pnt a' statue for a fountain. It wns without a statue; and It was an old forlorn pond whose water had been quickened by neglect into. hundreds of strange swimming shapes, many of them reposing on the mud ns the sea-serpent dwells at the bottom of the un- futhomablo deep; but they rose to the stones I threw, and some of them used to wriggle into my. dreams, and despatch me with run ning eyes, by the light of the oil-float, to iny nurse's bed. The romance of my life began not with this, pond, but in it. My parents did not send, me to school: until I was nine. They both agreed that a young boy's brain does not settle into a condition for the proper reception of ideas until he is n'ine years old. I therefore-.grew up in ignor ance and Idleness, saving that my mother taught me to read and write a little, and like the youth in the poem; I was a lonely boy. But I enjoyed plenty of liberty, and never knew what solitude was. I would lie for an bour on my back in a summer fleld,and watch the large- white r" uds come sailing up from the sea over the olue sky, and fancy I could perceive a painting, very dim and visionary, of distant ;gorgeo'us lands , upon their soft breasts of snow. I dried clover and smoked It. and I also smoked cane. I was .allowed ten sous a week, and this money I spent upon huge and gorging sweets called tablettes. Tliey were made by an old woman who kept a stall in n cottage door, and I would watch bet- shaping them with great impatience if she had none in stock. With skinny hands she drew the mess of treacle, butter and other matters Into yellow skeins, (hen dumped it very cleverly In a solid dollop upon a board. She cut with wonderful precision, arid every piece wns a good sou's worth. Warm or cold they were all the 'same to me; I shall never triBte their like again. I wonder. I did not perish at this time of my life of family indifference; for I went . where. I pleased and did .as I pleased, and when I came home — for like' all poor rela tions r was punctual - In turning up — nobody asked me where I had been; or what I had been, doing. I slightly shudder when I think of myself as a small boy in-a'Holland blouse, belt, drawers, bare legs, soelcs and Shoes, in charge of a boat all alone , on- the river. That the boat owner should have trusted me with a wherry is extraordinary; that I ever paid him I cannot believe, as I devoted all my money to the old woman' who made the large, square, yellow sweets. But never was T ,so hapfly as when I was in a boat. I would hoist the little sail, keep the sheet in my hand according to the directions of the man, and dart up the stream like an aquatic -insect. In many respects I . was like Wordsworth's "Idiot Boy," particularly When I was in my little boat, and God looked down, and saw -that I. came to no harm.. It was about this time, I think, that I was visited by an extraordinary passion of reli gion. I cannot imagine how It came about, unless indeed there was a little madness at the root of it: but I jemember taking down from my mother's book-shelf In her bedroom a book enlled "Line upon Line." She had, I have said, taught me to read, and I was quick in understanding what I read. I began' to read this book, and quite suddenly a pas sion of religion possessed me. I went to my bedroom with the little volume In my hand, and knelt down and prayed with incredible fervour to be made and to be kept n good boy. and I also prayed to be saved. I arose and read again, and after a little once more fell upon my knees and prnyed with the same Incredible fervour for the same thing. Had I been caught then, as Johnson would say, they could have done anything with me in the religious line they liked. The oddest part wns that I always locked myself up when these' devotlonnl fits seized me, and I never sold n wov-1 about my praying and my feeling to my father or mother or human creature. ' This singular, condition of soul, extraor dinary I think In one so young, wore off in about a. fortnight.- Also at this time, but when the religious affection had left me I be gan to think of the sea; 'to go down upon the pier and watch the race of .the surge. I fell in love with the sea, and my childish eyes found every mood of it lofty and beautiful, like the sound of an organ In n cathedral, 1 dreamt of distant lands, and for every- ship iVt.ou' 011 trie sreen rolling waters— dingy with the canvas of the collier, or ice-like with the pinions of the ocean passenger ship — I in vented a story. I was sitting at the head of the pier one day all alone, watching a deep, black brig that was rolling in for Bouville, when a priest who had been observing me approached. He was the handsomest priest "I had ever seen. J£!,Iook?! an Huilan. His underllp pouted a little, which mingled a certain sweetness of expression with the rest of his appearance. "You must be an English boy," said he, "to Jook at the sea as you do." .Now this was, a matter. which had not liSen made clear to mo, and speaking in French CI spoke that tongue better than English) I ask ed him why, at the same time lifting my cap; for I had been carefully instructed to salute the priests in the street as a mark of respect for the religion of the country. Politeness in one so young pleased this handsome priest, and he said, smiling: "All English boys love the sea. She is their mother. They go to her with delight and pride. The French do not love the sea. We are a sea-sick people," said he, laughing; "our nation Is a nation' of soldiers." "Have we no soldiers?" I asked. "You have the finest troops in the world, but they are too few. for your wants," he an swered. . ; It was strange to think of- this good priest talking so soberly to a. little boy about seven or eight years old. I looked away to sea, and knew he watched me. - "Your 'heart is with the sea," said the priest. "You will be a sailor." "Shall I?" I answered, and I Imagined my self dressed in the uniform of a midshipman. "Were vou ever on board a ship?" asked the priest. "No," I answered. " Come with me, my son, and I will take you on board yonder brlgantine. She is com manded by a friend. He pointed into the middle distance of the quay, right away beyond .the pier, and we started. I was greatly excited. My small feet trod the air. This Indeed was seeing life. Often had I looked, wistfully down upon the deck of some dirty little coalman, and won dered what sort of place the men fell into when they dropped out of sight through holes in the deck. But nobody had ever invited me to step on board, and I was. a small boy staring down with eye's full of singular in ventions, -or following the lines or flights of the rigging aloft with far more interest than had the whole coal-dusted fabricbeen Punch's piny or some fantastic humour of the Car nival. We arrived abreast of the brigantlne, a small French vessel, and the priest looked down at her. A man was cutting up some cabbages in a pall of water near the little galley. .He Instantly saw the priest and bowed. "May I descend with my young friend?" . "Why, certainly," was the answer. The priest put his leg over and told me to follow. The ladder was up and down, the steps being afllxed to the pier wall, and ' I daresay the priest went first to save me from falling if I should let go. We gained the deck in safety, and now . I was on board a ship, and could have fancied myself a thousand miles away. , "Does this young gentleman desire to go to sea with me?" said the little French captain, widening hfs blue breeches by diving his hands into his pockets. < "He will go to sea," answered the Father, "but not under your flag," He is English, and has the Interpreting eyes of his country, and can behold in the -ocean what is -concealed from the gaze of French boys." . This ns coming from p. French priest as tonished the little Frenchman, who regarded me with attention. "What is concealed from the gaze of French boys?" he inquired. "Those vast lands; those continents of gold which, this boy's countrymen colonise and take possession of, until," said the priest, resting his hand lightly on my shoulder, "a 'day may come when all the landB of the earth :shull be theirs, no other language but theirs shall he spoken, and our own nationality shall be merged into theirs ana extinguish ed." This produced a wry face In the little man, who. shrugged his shoulders and asked us to enter the cabin. I moved in a dream. Every thing wns strange and delightful. We entered a cabin that was gloomy in consequence of the vessel lying against the side of the wharf. Eut the wonders were Improved, nay height ened, into a sort of fairy mystery by the dim light. Had the place been full of sunshine, imagination would have slept, and the things 1 saw would have been the things they were. The shadowy bulkhead, the looker illte a coitln, a glimmering picture of the Virgin hanging upon the forward partition, the streak of brass swingtray over the table, an open door with a glimpse of crockery on shelves; nt these things and other features of that vanished interior I stared with the marvelling eyes of boyhood. Now and again when the vessel stirred a creak ran through her. These noises, combined with the smells which partook rather of the character of onion than bilge water, greatly excited me. I felt that I should like to be at sea In this ship, and alone tn her, steering for one of the Islands. which I used to thinl: I saw paint ed upon the breastB of the clouds. The captoifi put a bottle of red wine, some glasses and fruit upon the table. "This is going to sea," said the priest, as he gave me a pear... .. "DO; pot believe that the English love the; sea,". said tlidcaptain, filling a -glass -of. wine for the priest and half a. glass for me,..whlch 'I- refused; "They are tradesmen, and tf they igo.to sea it is' not for love of it, but to, stdek. ' their shops,' and to find other countries to live in, for Great Britain is too small for her po pulation, and millions are living the lives of slaves, and the Spectre of Famine pays them their wages. I have traded to that cquntry and know it. It is humbug. The English man does not love the sea, but he cannot get out of his country without going upon If, Tht) Englishman is a tradesman His spirit of adventure is without' chivalry or romance It is the Spaniards, and the French, and tlit Portuguese who are the true interpreters oi the wonders of the ocean. Read their voy ages." . ( . "Have you nothing to answer to that?" exr claimed the priest, smiling as ;he looked at me. i "Do the sailors sleep down here?"- r in quired. ; , : j "No. In the open boxes forward," answer: ed the captain. "You shall view them, my child." ... ' 1-Ie took us Into his sleeping berth; and puf a quadrant into my hand, and the Father ex. ainlned It with as much curiosity us I' did. "Think," cried the priest, "that with this 'instrument you shall he able -tormalte your, way- over the trackless ocean." «'. i "More is wanted" said the captain, "but it is: enough for the boy." And then to the'great amusement of the priest, who laughed long and cordially,- the captain blurted out; '"Foot ret to your ee."' He showed me- how to' hold the quadrant while the priestdaughed,.' .and, then he said, "There! It Is noon; It- Is eight, bells. . Hurrah for the sun!. This boy has shot the sun, and it Is noon by thiB boy." "This," said the captain, "Is the caboose., 1 entered the little sentry box and desired to; be a cook forthwith and sail away- that day.' The man who had been cleaning cabbage was. causing a savoury odour to fill- the air, which seemed to have put a thought into the cap-, tain's head. "Dinner will be ready in half-an-ltour. -Stop with the English lad and dine with me." - The priest declined; In less than haif-an- liour he must he going. I was secretly much : disappointed; for I greatly desired to eat like aj sailor in a ship's cabin. The captain did not; repeat his Invitation to me, and in any;case I doubt if the priest- would have left nie on hoard. We entered the forecastle, . a little c-ave -in the fore part of the ship, and I saw the boxes or bunks in which the sailors slept. A great Frenchman seated upon a chest was stitching a patch into an immense pair of trousers. He was almost concealed in shawls about the throat and chin, and we found that: a cold had silenced his, voice. The priest ad dressed some kindly Words to him. He was the only occupant of that dingy little place, and to my eyes transformed it into a creation of . romance by sheer virtue of what He was about. And now I wanted to be a sailor, mending my trousers in a forecastle, sitting all alone. We returned to the deck, and I stood for' some moments staring, up . at the foremast- which towered above me, one square yard rul ing another,. and the rigging seemed as com plicated as a spider's web. The priest seemed tn understand what was passing in my little head. "It would be too dangerous for you to go up there," said he. — "But why?" exclaimed the captain. "Boys ;are like monkeys— they cannot fall; Boys were born to climb. Come with me," says he, addressing me, "and I will show you more of the world than you have yet seen." "Be very careful," cried the ' priest. , "I consider, myself responsible— he is very young." "He is to be a sailor," answered the cap tain; and so saying he lifted me on to 'the. bulwarks and put me into the foreshrouds, the priest meanwhile looking, on me with his arms a little extended and his hands hung as though he would wring them in a moment. A few Idlers, a soldier or two and three or four picturesque flsh wives, in scurlet or striped petticoats, and naked legs, and feet, and beautiful long bright earrings, watched us from "the side of the' quay. The -captain got into the rigging' alongside' of' me, arid ob : serving that my stride, barely enabled me to measure cnedlotance- between tlie ratlines, he gripped 'me by the back of my blouse, and encouraging me at every step with such cries as, "How proud would Admiral Nelson be to see you! You are too line a seaman for the British Navy; we will make you captain of our greatest imin-of-war;" we slowly, very slowly, crawled aloft. "We got as high as the futtock rigging. The priest, shrieked "No higher;"' A fish wife exclaimed: "He climbs bravely. Let him go to the very top." I had, however, no intention of proceeding. I was not giddy, but I seemed to gaze about me from an immense height. The vessel's deck looked like a plank, and the streaming waters of the' ocean had opened- into bound lessness. Suddenly I heard a familiar voice. "Hallo! Why It's Walter! Come down, sah. How dare you Good God! he'll break his neck!" I looked down and saw my father on the quay. "Who's that?" said the captain. I told him. "Then we must descend," said he. . "Softly! Courage!" I found that it was much easier to climb than to descend. One or the other of my feet were for ever njisslng the ratline and shoot ing through Into air. When I was fairly on the bulwark rail my heart was beating very : fast. ' ' "What do you- mean, sah; by behaving in this fashion?" cried my father. "Come on to the quay at once." "It is his father," said the captain to the priest- ' , ' The prieBt bowed, and putting me on the quay steps, helped me to the' solid platform of the wharf. "What do you mean by behaving like this, sah?" said my father. "It is my -fault," said the priest. ''Your little son will be a sailor, but he is too young to ascend the rigging." "Had his mother seen him she would have died in. a.flt," said my father. "Good day." The priest stooped and kissed my cheek. "He is a fine little boy, and I'm sure you are proud of him," he said; then with a cordial flourish of his hand to me and the captain, who remained on the deck of his vessel, he strode off. . ... , . I never saw hjm again, though for long afterwards I was on the look-out' for him. No doubt he determined my career, for from that day I resolved to be u sailor. CHAPTER II— THE PHANTOM OF THE POND. One evening in the autumh. when I was not vet eight. I sat with my father and mother in the parlour of the cottage. The lamp was alight, and we listene-l to the mother reading aloud. It was a calm evening; a very small air whispered In the leaves of the trees; it was warm, and one jof the two French win dows, through which you stepped dil-ectly in to the grounds, was wide open. My father had been toying for some minutes with a tobacco- pouch; he now slapped his pockets, looked at the mantel-piece and round the room, and then told my mother to stop reading as he had mislaid his pipe. Suddenly he cried out, "I know whore It is; put on your cap and go and fetch it, Walter; you'll find It in Its case on a shelf at the end of the conservatory. I exactly remember now where T laid it down." "Couldn't you go?" said mjl mother. "There is plenty of moonlight,' answered my father; "the boy will whip there and back; I am not going into the dew in my slippers." I put on my cap and pussed through the window of the parlour into the grounds. I will not say I was afraid, but it was an er rand I had rather my father had undertaken than I. Some of us are imaginative and a little fearful at night when we are about seven and three-quarters. I did not like the moon shine; it made the busheB stand up like hu man figures; the light breeze In the trees swept shadowy figures over the grass and the walks and the beds. The conservatory stood at the bottom of the grounds, and was a walk of a few minutes. I was about to run when a black cat, or it might have been a rabbit, darted "athwart in front of me.'. I stopped dead. A bush on the left looked exceedingly like a man stooping in the act of taking aim. The noise of wheels in the l-oad gave me heart, and I pushed on, broke into a trot, then ran swiftly as for life. The conservatory wns uncommonly dismal In the moonbeams; the glass was dirty and the light feeble, arid thb smell of the bulbs and flowers was earthy and vault-like. I thought I saw a man, BtrUck' motionless by my apparition -whilst in the act of climbing a row of ascending ledgeB, many of which wore vacant flower-pots, ,1 stared with a frantic heart, and scarcely prevented myself from shouting out and flying on the wings of fear to the house; but the thing kept very quiet, and I distinguished after a little that it was a coat spread with the sleeves ex tended. The gardener's coat, no doubt, but it was a very great shock. I easily saw the pipe-case, took it in my, hand, and went up the tiled walk conducting to the cottage. This, oC course, carried' me past that wonderful old pond I -hav.e describ ed. Its slimy water shone In . the moon light, and lay stretched in a sheet of pearl. The luminary sparkled very clear In this part, and I was passing on, noticing, with my childish gaze the vivid accentuation the' pearly water took from the black, rich, neg lected growth round about the pond, when I halted as though lightning-struck. What did I see? That which you will not believe I saw, for who credits the relation of the visionary? But I was too young to be a ghost-seer; my brain was too fresh and clear, the blood in my veins flowed with the sweet ness of youth ; there was nothing morbid, act ing unconsciously to ntyself, to coin for the vision in my. head such a sight as had sud denly arrested my yoling legs as in a halt of death.: , ' It was the form of a young woman stand ing. on the; pedestal In the middle of the, pond. The black growth beyond showed' through her; she seemed to be formed of vapour, which, lighted by the moon, sparkled like salt.- - I Baw- her face distinctly; it ,was turned. 'towards me, and I- can' say (for 1 ought 'to know) that it was a face of sweet and touching beauty, without sorrow, with out mirth, a middle expression as it were, such as the face wears In thought when the heart is at rest. Her arms and .bosom were, naked, but from her hips the sheen or sil- very texture of whioh she was formed flowed, like a robe to the pedestal. And- in my breath less halt during a light passage of the even ing breeze — It was about eight o'clock — I saw the folds of her ethereal garment wave. I do not know what my Bensations were; It is! impossible for me to recall or analyse them; I was too young. But I can certainly re collect standing and gazing with a feeling of awe, mingled with curiosity and terror.. -.The handB-of the figure were clasped before It, and its liair floated in the moonlight in a translucent mist; then imagining I heard a footstep in'the direction of the conservatory, I ran', with' the speed of a hare to the house. Boys need to run far to become breath less. I was breathless, but not through run ning. My mother instantly .noticed the ex- i presslon on my fiire, perhaps In my enlarged eyes. "What is the matter, "Walter?" she asked. I went round to the table and gave the pipe to my father and said: "There is a woman in the pond." "What's that?" exclaimed my father. "A'woman!" ejaculated my iriother. , I began to tremble, and without crying, hut In a crying voice exclaimed: "There's a white woman standing up in the middle of the pond." . "What hasithe child seen?" exclaimed my mother, looking frightened and directing her eyes through the open window, "Come here, my boy," said my father. He felt my pulse and told me to put out my tongue. ' , "He eats too many, of that old woman s sweets," said he. ' ' . . . "Do you feel hot?" asked' my mother. "Yes," I answered. "His stoinach is upset," said my father, "Give him a powder and let him go to bed.' I thought it hard , that 'I should be obliged to take, a powder because I had .been com pelled to see what I had not asked to see, and could have prayed not to see. "I am not hot," I said; '.'there Is a woman. In. the pond; she Is white, and stands In the' middle." "Nonsense!" exclaimed my father. But my mother looked at me anxiously, and seemed a little scared. "I have never known the hoy to see ghosts before," said she; "why. don't you go and see what it is?" My father left the i-oom for his boots. He went into the grounds, und my mother went after him with a shawl over her head, and I followed her, hoping that the figure was gone, as it would frighten me horribly to see it again. We reached the pond,, arid my father said: . . "Where is this white woman of yours? The moon shone brilliantly upon the pedes tal and all was bright clear air 'there. ,The figure had vanished. "I tell, you It was there," I said stubbornly. \- "He eats too many of those sweets, and you must give him a powder. Nothing like a little grey powder to dispel ghosts," said my father. ' ' .Nevertheless he went to the gate In the railing, which; the gardener had kept clear- of, the growth, and peered Into. the moonbright water and slowly cast his eyes around as if trylrig. to perceive a cause for my hallucina tion. Though T- was relieved by the 'disap pearance of the phantasm, I did not like- to be doubted either, and I said to my mother: "It stood there looking at me. It was ail in white like a cloud. It had a face and arms, and I could see through it." , My mother made no answer. She believed me, and It made her uneasy to think that I should have seen a ghost. (to be continued.) 