iFFIGAGY OF A LATCHKEY COMPLETE W THIS ISSUE. BY A. GOLDWIN. fCOPYBIQHT.j i, HERE is a 'QVW ,4 wonderful 3 stimulus in tlie powor : ITf ot reaont- Jj V SSL/l ment poB- rr.1! JfPH r.£"i! TfeiWBr I champagne ' and blunts tbiir uon- Vi IP" soiousness nf ft,, ni»i > of the wound inflicted, until they have pro perly retaliated on the > offender. It blinds them completely to nil extenuating circum stances, For > how can a man or woman, who has been mortally offended by tlio being ho or > sho most cures for in tho world, pause to con sider possible ualliations of > the oifonco ? Cissy Brentwood's engagement to Jack Clifford had certainly > been the result of a very short acquaintance. But love,1 like photo graphy, > inay be instantaneous. They met in Devnnsbiro (whom Cissy's homo wus), when > Jack was on a visit with some friends. Cissy felt she loved him at first > sight, and Jack assured hor ho had experienced asimilur effect. She was > something of uu heiress : while Juok, us n younsrer son, hnd only a trifling > income. But he did'not intend to live on his future wife'# money ; ho was > determined to do. something, though what the something would be he could not > clearly define. Whon Cissy had accepted him there fol lowed a blissful > fortnight, during which they met every day us engaged lovers. Then Jack went > buck to London, wbero ho was living with bis widowed mother, who had a > substan tial jointure; und, during a few more delight ful weeks, there > ensued an active correspon dence between the engaged pair. But the trail of > the never-absent serpent suddenly appeared in this Eden. Cissy was told, on > tho best authority, the 44 most awful thing#" about Jack. She was assured > thnt he did not love her in the least, and was merely ut I runted by her > money ; that he had said she had done her best to hook him, and that hor > Father hud asked him what his in tentions were, so that ho (Jack) would > willingly get out of the engagement now, if he could. i4I thought it hotter > to tell you the truth, d"vliug,'' said her insidious friend, who wni'.i. "1 > .Tack for herself. ' "Oh, certuiuly," said Cissy, with a cold smile. 44 If > he talked like that, it is better I should know ir." 44 You won't g.'ve h?m > up?" 44 Of course I muj.lv »f ho wants to get out of it," said Cissy, > sustained by her pride. 44 You must not grieve, Cissy. He is un worthy ol' > you." " Oh, no, it does not mutter in the least. Moti are deceivers ever,' " > said Cissy, with a hard laugh. That night she spent two hours composing a > letter releasing Jack from his engagement to her. Five times she wrote it > before she was satisfied. Then she made u packet of Jack's letters and of > the things ho hail given licr ; and tho next morning she carried the packet > herself to tlio village post oflico. It was only wheu this final step was > effected, and that she had to face ft blank future, that her prido failed > her. Coming home, she locked herself in her room, uud sobbed for hours. As > soon as she recovered from this wenkuoss, she rejected nil sympathy and took > refuge in cynicism — and cynicism at twenty is a very bitter thing indeed. > Jack was in the drawing-room with his mother, after dinner, in her house in > Ecoleston square, when Cissy's packet was brought to him. Ho stared blankly > at her curt lines of dismissal. Then a rhcndorbolt fell on his happiness and > wrecked it. Ho re-read Cissy's note : but its blunt directness loft no bopo > of tbo possibility of an explanation. So be, loo, became cynical. It did not > seem worth while speculating why she bad behaved like tins. It was just a > woman's caprice. She was false and iickle. She hnd taken him iu. He would > see that no other wonuin ever again took him in, in tho same way. Going to > his mother's writing- table, lie dashed off a note, aud sent it to be . > posted nt onco. 44 Jack, what is the matter?" asked his mother, anxiously. . > "Nothing," said Jack. \ 44 You seem upset." 44 1 am not," he said. Thou, > opening tho window, ho went out on tho balcony to \ K«uupo her questioning. > Presently he came iu again, and flung himself in an armchair. 4 1 havo made > up my mind to go to India," lie told his mother. 44 To India, Jack? This is > very sudden." 41 Jepsim is going out there, tea-planting. Ho asked ine to go > with him. It's a chance I have wanted to do something for a good while, so > I've written to him to say thnt I'll Hi mother became tearful. She would be > alone if bo went. She did not want him to go. 44 Oh, Jack, it is so far away > ! And tho climate is dreadful." 44 Bother the climate ! I must go." 44 And > your engagement, Jack ?" 44 It's off." 44 Off?" 44 Yes, off," ho repented > irritably. 44'I mean broken off." Thus ho left his motherland wont to his > club. Three week Inter Jack started for ' India with his friend Jcpson. He > wns still vory angry with Cisy Brentwood. Ho tried to persuade himself that > ho did not cure, that his lovo for hor wns dead, that ho was hotter without > hor. But he felt, nil the whilo, thnt his lifo wns blighted, nnd that his > heart wan yearning for lier continually. Tlio lifo in India hnd u beneficial > effect on Jack during tho first threo months after his arrival, lie threw > himself with zest into the tea-planting speculation, and dulled the thought > of Cissy by the ardour with which ho devoted hiniHolf to tho mode of > existence he had now taken up. He and his friend Jepson lived together in a > bungalow, und they both fouud tlio prospect of making a fortune by their own > efforts very alluring. Jack felt that lie was becoming quite a womim- > liatcr. Jepson was one already, nnd ho and Jack made up their minds they > never would marry. 44 women aro the worst speculations in tho world," Jepsrm > averred, considering tho rsx from the sumo point of view as that from which > ho regarded tho tea-growing, imd finding tho foiinor very inferior to tho > latter. 44 You ncvor can toll how they may turn out." The two men certaiuly > got on very woll without feminine society, and Jack felt sure he would never > again want to return to the restraints of English life. But tho opinions of > a gentleman of six uud twenty, who has boon urossed in love, are very > unreliable. Jack fell ill; not seriously, but sufficiently to be obliged to > keop to his bed for eonio time. Though Jopsoti did his best for liim, Jack's > spirits wink terribly low during this period of confinement. He be came > intensely bomc-siok, aud his yearning for Cissy Brentwood revived with all > the attfour of a firo tliut has temporarily been kept under. He longed for > some sign from her. Ho wanted to wiito to her, but bis pride ro- . strnmed > liim. Ho wondered if uho over thought of him, if she hud transferred her > fickle heart to someone else, if he should soon bear of her marriage. Thon, > when ho grew ext remely dismal, he would take a lugubrious pleusuro in > picturing his own death and burial, in imagining tho announcement of his > demiso iu the homo uewspapers, and in fancying Cissy reading it and shedding > tears. . But ho would invariably grow angry with Cissy, and think that she > was too burd- licart'od to cry, even if she heard of his death. Jack > recovered slowly. When ho was nearly well, theatiouuiug uicdioul man > prescribed change of air. 44 Shall I go home?" asked Jaok, , on the spur of > tho moment. . I' 4To England? Tho vory best thing you can ' do," said the > medical num. 44 Stay a few : months. When you como back hero you will bo > tuttio ftwUuiqti/jod. The doctor's approval quite induced Jack to decide on going home for a few months. His j spirits rose, and lie became vqy eager to sturt ! at once. But Jepson was thoroughly dis gusted. , 1 44 What on earth do you want baok in England, when you havo been only out here six months ? " asked Jopson, testily. 44 It's the silliest thing I have heard of for a long time. And we were getting on so well ! " 44 Didn't you hear the doctor saying I want a cbango ?" said Jack. "Bosh ! You cuu have a change without going so far for it. I'm greatly disappointed in you, Jack." Jack felt, as if ho were in the wrong some how. Jepson had been very kind to him dur ing his illness, but now ho could not resist the dcairo to go home. 44 There's the mater worrying me to come buck," he said, deprecatingly. 44 You know in every letter she writes she begs me to come home." Oil, you're longing for your mammy, are 3'on ?" miid Jepson, disdainfully. 44 Good boy ! Go to her by all means !" Jack vouchsafed no reply. 44 If you go," said Jjpson, 44 you won't como back hero over again." "Yes, I will," said Jack, very decidedly. 44 I'll, stay three mouths — not longer than that. Then I'll como back." 44 You're spoony on somo girl at home," said Jepson, with sudden insight. 4 4 You aro going back after ber." 44 No, I'm not," said Jack, indignantly. He felt qaito sure his desire to return to England had no connection with auy silly hope of again meeting Cissy Brentwood. He could not foririvo her ; so what would hn tho uso of meetiuir her, even if she wanted to meet him, which was improbable. Despite .Topson's disapproval, Jack per sisted in bis determination. Ho wrote to his mother, informing her of hi? intention of mining buek to England for three months, but the 1 otter was uot sent.. Jepson. to whom ho gave it. forgot to post it. Just when Jack started, his mother wrote to tell him that her doctor had ordered her to tho Biviorn, aud thnt alio had left hor houso in Ecoleston squure. But Jack was in England whon this letter was delivered in India. On arriving iu London. Jack remembered that his mother, not knowing exactly when he was going to turn up, would not expect him this evening. Ho hud intended to scud a telegram, but had forgotten it. However, he wus glad he had forgotten it. He wanted to urrive quietly. He did not like being fussed over. His mother dined nt eight ; lie would nrrivn just in time to dress for dinner. Ho found tho atmosphere of London wonderfully exhilarating, und spent an hour walking along rlie familiar pavement. It wan growing dusk nnd the street lamps were lighting, as he arrived on foot at his mother's door. . Mechanically, Jack felt in his pocket for his latch-key. It was there. He took it out. utid smiled as ho put it into the door. His mother would be in the drawing-room. He could fancy her saying. 44 Oh, Jack !" in a tone of utter astonishment when she would see him. Presently he was in the hall. The house was very still. Jack paused for a few moments to look round at all tho well lmown objects, and was puzzled by perceiving a man's lmt hanging on tho stand. It was not one of his hats that ho liad left bohiud. It belonged to a larger head than his was. But he did not waste time speculating who was its owner, but wont softly upstairs. Tljo drawing-room door was slijrbtly ajar. Jack stopped to look in before entering. The room was lit by a large lamp covered by a bright shade. A cheerful fire blazed in the grate. Someone— not his mother— was sitting in a low scat near the hearth. Jack's eyes dilated, and ho restrained an inclination to whistle. The per.-ou in the low seat had the form aud face of Cissy Brentwood. Like ono spellbound, he watched her for a few seconds. Cissy was holding a photograph. Her face was bent over it. and she was looking at it intently. Suddenly she seemed to be cry ing. Juok distinctly saw two tears falling on the photograph. Then she raised it to her lips and kissed it passionately. Of course it was tho photograph of the fellow she was now in lovo wfib. Jack ex perienced a moment of intense disgust. But the spell was broken, und ho did not know whether to udvuuee or to retire. However, tlio uuxt moment Cissy looked towards him. 44 Jack-!" she exclaimed in a frightened tone. She started from hor seat, nnd the photo graph fell face downwards on tho hcurthrug. Picking it an hastily, alio put it, with its back upwards, on tbo chimney-picco, and Jnck advanced towards hor and fuocd hor. 4 4 Oh, Mr. Clifford," she said, with re covered self-possession, 44 1 thought you were a ghost— really I did ! " 44 1 don't think Hook very ghost-like," said Jack, moodily. 44 You havo got thin," said Cissy, with tbo least, shade of concern iu her voice. 44 Do you think so?" said Jack, slightly propitiated. 44 No wonder ! I have been ill," 44 Very ill?" "Yes, very ill," said Jack, emphasising the untruth. " I vory nearly died." " I am sorry," said Cissy. 44 You aro not," said Jaok, growing moody again, as he remembered sho liad kissed the photograph. 44 1 hato polito lies." 44 You are rudo ! " said Cissy, hotly. 44 Only candid," said Jack, bitterly, and be looked away from hor. Thoy were silent for a few moments, aud were both so occupied with their personal emotions that they nevor thought of seeking to oxplain the situation. Cissy had decided months ago that tlio story she board which had caused her to hronlc off tbo engagement was a cruol fabrication. She know that Juok had reason to be very indignant with her. She felt it was her duty to bumble herself to him. Making a valiant effort, she conquered her pride. 44 Jaok!" she said, wistfully. 44 1 was Mr. Clifford just now," ho said, hardly. But fIio took no notico of the rebuff. She timidly laid licr hand on his arm. 44 Jack, will you forgive mo?" < Ho misunderstood her. Her appeal only served to firo his resentment. 44 There is nothing to forgive," ho said, drawiug away from her touch. 4 4 You did what was best." Deeply stung, she drew book, too, and sat down. 44 1 don't know why you havo come," she said haughtily. - «" 44 1 havo been iu India. I was ordered liomo for a change, uud havo only; just arrived. I did not expect to find you Here." 44 Wo only camo hore yesterday." 44 Yesterday !" He looked round tlio room in bewilderment. It cortoinly was his mother's drawing-room, but there was no truce of hor presence. 44 Father, has token this houso for the season," Cissy explained. 44 Tho lady it bo- longs to lias gono to Mouto Carlo." "BhoV my mother," said Jack, suddenly enlightened. 44 1 didn't know she was going abroad. I came in with my latch- key. I should never have intruded if I had known she wasn't here." Ho made it movement to go at once, but hp did not want to go. Cissy put out licr hand rcstrainingly, and then drew it luiBtily baok. Ho turned towards tho rnantel- picce, and toyed with tho things that were on it. Mechanically ho took up tho photograph ho had seen her kissing, and was astonished to find that it was a photograph of himself at tlio age nf fourteen. Cissy had found it in a drawer just before his arrival. A thunder bolt had wrecked Jack's happiness. Now, with the rapidity of another electrical effect, it was restored. 44 1 have changed my mind," he said com placently, "I will forgive you, Cissy." She looked at him with haughty amaze ment in her eyes. " I think you are very impertinent. I don't want your forgiveness. 1 don't cave about it now." But Jack, fortified by tho knowledge the photogruph had revealed to liim, did not mind her humour in tho least. His heart softened completely as he remembered that in India lie used to think she would not cry even if she heard of his death. And tho poor little thing had actually cried over this scarecrow of a. photograph. Women's tears, as a rule, are so plentiful as to bo considered liirhfcly enough by those who cause them to bo shed : but those two tears Jack had seen falling on this image of himself at 14 wero of untold value to him. He laughed softly, und showed ber the photograph. 44 Isn't it beastly? What a little prig I must, have been ! It's only fit to put in tho five." He hold it towards tho flames. 44 Don't!" said Cissy, forgetting her dignity, und pulling it from him. 44 Do you liko it ?" 44 1 think it is very liko you. At least, it is just what I should havo imagined you would bo as a boy." 44 1 should have thought, you would not have taken tho trouble. to imagine." Cissy's eyelids fluttered, and she looked up at him. She, too, was beginning to feel happy. There was another pause, during which Jack whistled softly. 44 Then you don't want mo to forgive yon? " he said, presently. 44 You wero nasty, when I asked you just now," said Cissy, relenting. 44 Why did you break off with rae, Cissy?" 44 1 heard a story about you. I know now it wits not true." Ho did not ask what the story was, he made no repronuh, ho bent over her, uud looked masterfully iu lier eyes. 44 Never mind ! I do forgive you, Cissy. You won't doubt me aumiu." Much to the surpriso of Jepson,' Jack returned to India at tho end of the third mouth, and his wifo went with liim. 