PARLIAMENTARY NEWS, j NEW SOUTH WALES. [Bj- Electric Telegraph.] SYDNEY, February LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. In Hie Legislative Assembly today, Address-in-Reply. Mr, Hoghes compared the argumenta of Mr. BeldoofcderatioDBow with Uiosebcurged tome months back. He said Mr. Reid would have been a great statesmau if he had been bol n dumb, but the ghosts of bia dead speeches were continually rising to challenge him. He intended to vote to send the Hill to the people, but he would move an uncndmeot that the Bill was not to be binding unless Queensland joined the federation, aa if Queensland did not join it would be impos- sible to exclude black labour. Mr. Haynes said as a democrat he mull vote for sending tho Bill to the people, but he would taktrcare the people were informed of the dangora and difficulties that were likely to arise from thu panning of thc meaaurc and so curtailing the poner of the people to govern themselves. He asserted that thone who spoke must valiantly about federation were moat bitterly opposed to all reforms. Mr. Nield.compared Mr. Reid at the con- ference to the maa who went to Jericho anti fell anning thieves. Hu styled the Premier as the dynaiuitard of free trade. Tho debate generally waa of a desultory character. Mr. Reid waa a good deal criti- cised with regard to hie shifty policy. Mr. Lyne utked bit. Storey to withdraw his amendment. Mr. Storey refuted, but allowed it lo be negatived on thc voices. 't he moi iou for the adoption of the Addresa-iu-Ucp'y wa« then carried. SYDNEY, February 2S. In the Legislative Assembly to-day, The Enabling Bill waa laid on the lublc cf the House to-day. It contains the Common- wealth Bill with the clauses objected to struck out and tho proposed amendments introduced. The measure provides that thc voting through- out New South Wales shall be taken in one electoral district. The holders of electoral rights are entitled to vote at any palling place, the majority of voles deciding thc question. No further action will be taken if the Constitution ia rejected. If two colo- nies in addition to New Joulh Wales accept tho Bill, both Houses may adopt uddrenscs to the Queen praying that tho Constitution mignt be passed into law by tho Imperial Parliament upon receipt of similar addresses from the Parliaments of those two colonies. Mr. HuyncB urged tho Government lo take extreme steps to relieve tho existing distress, which was almost beyond belief in thc drought-stricken districts. The Premier said the Government would not hesitate to give speedy relief in all cases where the distress through want of water wee made knowu. Mr. Mcagher hoped the Premier would give tho House a definite ussurance, us far us New South Wales was concerned, thal not one penny ol the £nO0O claimed hy thc New Guinea syndicate ia Lnudoa would bu paid. Thc Premier replied that no promue had been made to pay 'any sum. The claims would simply be considered by thu Agents General in London, and if thc syndicate had just claims for compensation for money actu- ally out af pocket, they no doubt would bu able to submit tn such, hut at present they seemed to bc only making demands for largue sums which would not bo entertained for one moment. Tho Enabling Bill was rend a fir« time, »nd tho second reading was fixed fur Tuesday ncx.1. The nousc then adjourned. Thu things that go without saying must lave escaped feminine ntl cut ion. Master Tommy (he hud been very naughty, and was now amusing himself with his Scripture prints) : " Here's Daniel in the lions' den '' Mamma (incautiously) : "Ah. what was he enst into thc lions' .icu foi !" Master Tommy (with triumph) : "Cause he was good." 