OUR HOME LETTER. London, 10th November, 1899. The War. J ONE has to go back, if one can, to the days of the CrimeafrWgr ' to realise the all-absorbing nature of this one topic of ^hejcfay. A fever of patriotism is raging over the land, and all our tfc^ughts,^ are with our gallant countrymen, who are fighting for the <n$p^old country. Out of evil good cometh, and almost we are reconciled to the horrors of war, when we think how it has served to weluNus' together—us in the Home country and you at the antipodes, and"' our fellow- subjects in chilly Canada and those at the head and front of the fighting in Natal. The Jews are not behindhand in the patriotic race. Theirs is not the least eloquent of prayers for war and peace. Theirs is not the least munificent of the gifts for those whom the Boers have banished from their - homes. Theirs not the smallest doles to the " absent minded beggars " at'the front. Theirs not the least ready response to the call for volunteers. After all it is personal service which is the most grateful of all sacrifices. And we Jews have shown an eager readiness for fighting, for which only a Zionist or a Maccabrean would have given us credit. There are many of us fighting for our country out in South Africa; many ort the High Seas, hasting there as fast as our goodly ships can carry them ; many on the point of starting, and many straining at the leash because not yet allowed to go. We have more than our proportion of fighting men engaged, and we stay-at-homes .are proud of it. One notable exception, and only one, is there who has married a wife and not gone out. He is unlucky, for he had exchanged for home service before the declaration of war. The exchange was effected with the complete sanction and even approval of his com manding officer. And no doubt he himself was the first to regret it, when the long-doubted and disbelieved war broke out. But one lias no right to be unlucky, and there can be no doubt that the incident has created much, perhaps unreasonable, dissatisfaction in the community. Not the less so, because the man himself had hitherto been so popular among his comrades, and the family, into which he has married, occupies so prominent a position. Communal Affairs." Communal affairs, as indeed all other affairs, are practically at a standstill. They are crowded out by the tooic of the day. Still, there are signs of movements ahead. The East End scheme has been debated to death but there is talk of a third Dayan and the removal of the Beth Hamedrash a little further East. Commercial street will be illumined by the learned tones which used to lend a cachet to Leadenhall-street; and the gap will widen which separates Literature from Commerce. One or two synagogues are still in process of building. One or two Chazonim have still to be elected. But music is at a discount and the twentieth century reader will have to read and not to sing. What he will have to read is doubt ful. Only one item is sure, and that is his own sermon. For the rest there is renewed talk of modifications in the ritual; that is a hardy annual, but harmless as the artillery of the Boer. Simon and Sunday. Some little stir has been occasioned by the new form of mission ary Judaism promulgated by Mr. Oswald Simon. He has started a Sunday service, with prayers in English and ritualistic practice. Some there are who have taken the movement seriously, but it has not the ghost of the shadow of ai chance of success. It is a pity that when the idea was first mooted, the Chief Rabbi preached a sermon against it at Bayswater, The sermon was eloquent. All Dr. Adler's sermons are. But it was ill-advised. Perhaps it was convincing. But -it certainly drew attention to a scheme of which most of his congregation were unaware. Of Mr. Simon's good faith there can be no question. He is earnest and zealous and, if anything, feels only too deeply. His efforts are not to be sneered away by vulgar contumely. Some anonymous diatribes were permitted to appear in -our communal papers, which certainly reflect no discredit upon Mr. Simon, but which were by no means a credit to Jewish journalism. Mr. Claude Montefiore and Mr. Alfred Cohen—both of them gens serieux—administered a well-deserved rebuke to that form of oppo sition. None the less, it i3 a pity, under all circumstances, that this novel method of "Anglicising" Judaism has been attempted. Nor is it novel. On the other side of the Atlantic it has been attempted long and often, but with no particular success. It is " Americanis ing " rather than " Anglicising," and here at least it has no chance of catching on. There is an old saying that the only sacred offence is Simony. This is Simony with a vengeance. But though his Velftjrtg,are sacred, they are not the less offensive. L.':' N Zangwili, and Zionism. £ty>Mr. Z&nrAvvill;, with his "Ghetto," is trying to emnlate Mr. Hall "Christian." Bnt, though onr co-religionist may .he th,e imorafartistic—one- book men generally are—his elder rival is fait) tonch with the great public that reads books and buys ^Tfieui and takes tickets for the play. I do not prophesy success for the English version of the " Children of the Ghetto." In America there are infinitely more wealthy Jews than we can boast of. Here in England, the Jews are not fond of seeing things specifically Jewish. They do not care about being talked about, or being remarked as curiosities, however highly interesting or edifying they may he supposed to be. And, to tell the truth, the Christians are not much interested about them either. Mor is the motif of the play and novel a satisfactory one. All the trouble comes from a pretended hardship of the Jewish law, which is supposed to disqualify a girl from marriage with her lover because she had once played at a wedding and worn another's ring. I am told that ecclesiastical authority entirely disagrees with Mr. Zangwill's views of the Din, and there is sure to be a lot of discussion on the subject. But what we care about is that the author's version is likely to bring us into ridicule and contempt. However, the author is a very clever man, and the way in which lie coquets with Zionism is another proof of his ability. He has an admirably written article on Zionism in one of the magazines—I think, the Fortnightly. He seems to disapprove equally of Zionists and anti-Zionists. Perhaps he would have been wiser if he had remembered the wife of the Polish rabbi. She once heard her hnsband settle a dispute. He told the litigants that both were in the right, and when his wife protested that one must be wrong he assured her that she, too, was right. Bnt Zionism itself is a serious menace to the well-being of Jews throughout the world. It has proved no remedy for anti-Semitism in France, or Austria, or Germany or Russia. From Russia, indeed, come alarming reports as to the mischief it has wrought on the Jewish proletariat who will no longer work, but only clamours to be led to Zion. Orientalists and Ecolesiasticus Orientalists met in conclave last month at Home, and, thongh the "Vatican held aloof, the Congress was a success. Professor Schechter's brilliant discovery of the Hebrew text of Ecolesiasticus was naturally much discussed. Is it the original text or merely a re-translation ? The consensus of learned opinion is in its favour But the following precis of the debate at the Congress shows :a distinct speculative bias. Babbi Israel Levi, of Paris, read a paper on the subject, which he has now published in the Revue des Etudes Juives. Taking his stand upon the last chapter, including the so called alphabetical acrostic, he argued for the non-authenticity of the Hebrew text, and explained the mistakes in this last chapter as being due to erroneous and bad translations from the Syriac, con cluding that the whole, far from being the original, was a slavish imitation from the Syriac. Prof. David Heinrich Miiller, of Vienna,, took the line that the public have been taken rather unawares, having no tests available to follow up the points. He merely suggested that it is not at all impossible that the last chapter was of double formation (i.e., alphabetic and non-alphabetic), and that, therefore, it should not prejudice tire judgment of the whole text. Prof. Merx said that the glossis to the first text published by Neubauer had confirmed him in his belief of its authenticity, and he drew attention to Halevi's article on the work. Dr. Gaster said that as soon as the first fragment appeared he felt some doubts as to its authenticity, which were afterwards fully borne out when the fuller text appeared. It is impossible to assume that the Hebrew language should have a different kind of development from any other language known, and that it is inconceivable that forms of speech should be used by a writer of the second century, B.C., which should disappear for close on 800 years, to reappear afterwards in an artificial literature known as the Hebrew liturgical poetry. In none of the contemporary writings, such as the Prayers, Mishna and others, occur any of those forms so characteristic of Ecclesiasticus. There fore it points to a much later period, and is far from being the original. It is, on the contrary, a clumsy translation from an ancient Syriac text, misunderstandings such as those pointed out by Levi for the second half (Schechter's publication) abounding also in the first; and the speaker cited some examples of such curious mistranslations inexplicable otherwise. He suggested the author ship probably to be due to a Earaaite, as similarity of language can be shown from an old Kara prayer-book and the writings of Jnda Hadassi. He further pointed out the peculiar fact that the litera ture of the Wisdon was known among the Jews in the Syriac translation, as evidenced by the fact that the so-called Targum to the Proverbs is merely a transliteration into Hebrew of the Syriac translation, and the same thing no doubt occurred when the Syriac Ecclesiasticus was translated and partly translated into Hebrew, by which the glossis are also explained. Professor Belleli, the delegate of the Greek Government, maintained the authenticity of the last chapter. Professor Bevan (Cambridge) was struck by the large number of rare words in the Hebrew text of Ecclesiasticus, and it seemed to him that the author sometimes borrowed words from passages of the Old Testament, which have all the appearance of being corrupt. The Guardian, the Jewish Quarterly Review, Revue des Etudes Juives, the Umatsschrift, and practically all the journals which are concerned with Bible and Hebrew, are full of discussions of this kind. And it will be long before the question is decided to the satisfaction of everybody. The J.Q.R, has been fortunate enough to secure, in its current number, the first publica tion of two new pageB of the mysterious text, this time the pro perty of the British Museum. Such controversy is perhaps to be denrecated. but it does serve to interest neonle in literarv matters. Like war, it is not an unmixed evil. PELONI. 