SWEET SPIRITS HAVE A NIGHT OUT. THE SURENNE SEANCE. WHAT BROKE IT UP. A SCEPTICAL YOUNC LADY MADE CLEVER DISPOSITIONS AND BOWLED THE MEDIUM OUT. THE STORY IN DETAIL. A 1-ald ftjjd insufficient account of a Hcene which occurred at u. iv>-c:tlleil spiritualistic ceiinee In Gora street. Fltx- roy. on Wednesday evening, was pub- lished yesterday. There were details and drnnmtle Incidents connected with It which, taken altogether, weave Into an Interesting and Instructive story'. It 'na>' prove particularly Instructive to the very many persons who. In spite of the exposure by Maskeluync of many frauds worked under the guise of materialism, and the detection of such clever charlatans as Foster. Sladc, and others, are still firm in their conviction that our departed friends are permitted to communicate with us in this terrestrial sphere In some way or another, nnd even to reveal them selves to our vision. THE MEDIUM. Mrs Kurenw; Is a lady by no means of ethereal or r.plrltuelle appearance. She Is of commanding suture, her inches being not less than sixty-eight or stxty- nlne. Iler physique la that of a power ful woman, and, withal, far from ungrace ful. Added to this, the lady bus un doubtedly considerable elocutionary nnd dramatic power, and a How of what Is admittedly admirably chosen language. This Is the1, lady who was the central figure of the most exciting scene on Wed nesday evening tn tlie private residence of a respectable resident of Fltzroy, who has a loaning towards spiritualism, and Invited Mrs Surenne to become hts guest, as he, like many others, desired to investi gate. THE GI.OVED SPmiT. For a considerable time Mrs Surenne was before the Sydney spiritualistic world ns a powerful medium, whose manifesta tions of materialised spirits were most re markable. Even in the northern eapltnl there were doubters, but, on the whole, the lady seems to have held her own. A few weeks ago she cumc. to Melbourne, and wag at first domiciled 'in East Melbourne, and there gave select seances before limited gatherings of the most pronounced he- Revere. When she removed to Gore street, however, there was a more roomy apartment nt her disposal, nnd her audiences were not only more numerous, but also Included, not only genuine in- quireip, but confessed unbeliever. The consequence was thutdllTereneis) very soon arose. One young married Duly, who was an Investigator, was permitted to touch the hand of one of the materialised spirits. Not being altogether credulou this young lady had her wits about her. und she after wards openly dcelured that the spirit wore — a thread glove. For this audacious f.tntemcnt, she was dubbed by the apostles of the medium a person with no very profound love of the truth. There were others who hud their doubts from what they observed at the sconces, but had not had the opportunity the young lady had had of putting them to the test. At the same time, they were Inclined to Inquire with a perfectly open inlnd, and wcru Impressed with Mrs Stirenne's man- , nor, delivery nnd language. Amongst these was a wctl-known member of / the legal profession. THE WIDOW AND HER NIECE. The differences became so distinct, that it was decided by tbe "committee" who conducted the business that the seance on Wednesday evening should be open only to ladles and gentlemen who were in sym pathy with tho medium, or were, at least, earnest Inquirers after the truth. Admis sion was by ticket, the fee being half-a- cmwn each. As it tpmsptred, about thtrty-four were sold. At uny rate, ladles und gentlemen to that number assembled on Wednesday evening. Amongst them was tin elderly lady — seeming ly about 55 years of age — who was dressed In the semJ-manrntng of later widowhood, und was accompanied by a retiring looking young lady, who was understood to be tin elder lady's niece. These two wore the most prominent figures in the denouement which occurred luter in the evening. TllE CABINET. The audience having assembled, those who had not been at one of Mrs Suronne's seances before had an opportunity of tak ing in thu surroundings. The room was a spacious one for a private house in such it suburb us Fitzroy. ' Along each of its longer walls there was a row Of seats, and there were live rows of chairs in the middle of the room, with a very narrow passage between them. Tho light was afforded by two kerosene lamps, with ruby shades, attached to tlie walla at n rnnsldorable distance from the end, where there was a structure which was to answer as a cabinet, lu which tho medium was to invoke the spirits. This cabinet, if It may be so described, was nt (he end or thu room furthest from the door, and was formed with the aid of two uprights fixed several feet uut from the wall, and ap parently il couple of hooks in the wali itself. The sides anil front were of white calico, the front being open down the centre, so thut It could he opened or. closed like ordinary window curtains. At the luick black kII<!u, or some similar mate rial, hung down the wall as could bo seen when the front was drawn nalde. The cabinet was about nix feet high. OPENING DEVOTIONS. Everyone being In place, the proceed ings commenced. 5 Irs Surenne, clad In a garment of dnrk, or black, material, and In fashion something like a loose and flow ing dresslug-gotfu. delivered r.n address, which gradually merged Into a prayer or invocation, and then into hysterical ut terances. Up to the last singe the lan guage hod hern well-chosen, nnd welj spoken. "When, the hysterical stage ar rived the medium retired Into the cabinet, and the front curtains wfcro drawn. It had been previously shown that there was nothing within the cabinet. THEY SANG IN THE SHADE. As soon ns tho front of tho cabinet was closed, by drawing the two portions of the calico together, a gentleman, who ap peared to net ns conductor, or master of ceremonies, Invited those present to en gage in flinging. It appeared to he thought that the exorcise of vocul powers tended tn bring the audience Into a pro per state nf mind to appreciate the weird things to be disclosed to them. At the same time, the two lumpu were turned down, till the light afforded, through their ruby shades, w;m something lot's than the "dim rellylousUght" associated with hcary cathedrals ami other ecclesiastical edifices. It enabled the imectuUirsludistlngulshob- Jocts at some little distance, butnottofully take In ibelr details. One could not read in it even with the hook close to the eyes. THE FIRST SPIRIT. Tho singing lasted from live to ton minutes, during which time the medium way within tin cabinet, nnd, of course, out of view of tho spectators. Thi legal gentleman wo have referred to had gained one of the foremost seats, some eight or nine feet from the cabinet, und he states that during, the pauses which occurred at times lit the ringing, he dis tinctly heard rustling sounds from Svith- In the eablnct, as though uiothes were being handled and moved about. Before ten minutes had elapsed nftor the me dium had disappeared, tho front cur- talus parted n little, and what appeared like human hands and arms, from which fell great folds of diaphanous or cloud- i lijco material, commenced to wavo about In view of the spectators. Most of those present were awe-struck, and there was dend pilcnet for a moment or iwo, till the muster of ceremonies spoke. Ad- drusring the spirit, he nskvd If It would not come out. and let the sitters see It. In response, the wlerd visitor from the "vasty deep" moved out from the cabinet quietly, nolslcsriy. and majestically, and wan dimly visible. There appeared to bo clouds of the same gauzy material about It as was first seen, and waving from Kb arms. It was interrogated by the master of ceremonies, and answered by nodding or shaking Its head, mid final ly retired. V A III EGATKD GHOSTS. Other visitor from the spirit world fol lowed, to the number of nine or ten. One was a chUd. apparently not four fe.:t high, and another was a remarkablty tall spirit, known 'as "Excelsior." He Inti mated his name by proudly pointing up wards. The man of law \v.is permitted to approach and touch this lfgurc. and his declaration is that he undoubtedly fvh ft very material hand, but Ire also saw and recognised the no'.- and features of Mrs Surenne. the medium, though they seemed to be whitened In come way. and pre sented a ghastly appearance. He re turned to tils seat, hut said nothing at the time to his companion:, exempting thut It was a very substantial glnst. Other people approached and touched the hands of other spirits. TIIE CHARMING CAPUlCIA. The last spirit called forth by the medium wus one known as Capricla. HO was tall and slight, with graceful bear ing, and very dark complexion. On his head was what looked like a circlet of feathers. Despite his un-Indlan name, Capricla was. while on earth, a North American Indian. He spoke a kind of pigeon English aud had evidently been christianised and civilised, either In his native wilds or In the "happy huntlug grounds," for he allowed himself to be familiarly addressed as "cap." without evincing the slitflitcat de sire to reap the scalps of those who thus irreverently spoke to him. LO. THE POOH INDIAN. "Capricla" was well-known to several of those present, who luid seen him nt Mrs Surenne's seances before. The young married Indy, whose veracity had been rudely Impeached, had declmed that "Cuprlcia" was nothing more spiritual than Mrs Surenne wearing a black gos samer veil, long dark gloves, and u fea ther ben, made up as a head circlet. Rut Uie young lady was absent on Wednesday evening— or wns believed to be. In her place the elderly Indy In mourning put In a plea to he allowed to speak with "Cap ricla." She wished to hear something of her departed dear one from thu athcr world. Pel-mUslon was accorded nnd the old Indy hobbled forward. It wns seen that she wore gold- rimmed spectacles, and assisted herself la walking with a stick, as though suffering from sciatica. This old lady entered Into conversation %ylth "Capricla," and ut lust asked permission to introduce her niece, but besought the Indian ghost not to frighten the "poor dear," us she had never seen a spirit be fore. THE DENOUEMENT. The "poor dear" went tremblingly for ward, and was duly .presented, and next moment there was a scene In, and In front of, that 'cabinet that beg gars description. Tho old lady in spec tacles wns, in fact, none otiier than tlie young married woman, whose statements had been rudely discredited. She had de termined to show that she y.'oh "right, and therefore, had been to u well-known thea trical hairdresser, and had been artistic ally "got up" for the occasion, as In no other way would she have been able to effect the exposure, nhc wuh determined upon. Ah soon us her "daughter1' Joined her In front of "Capricla" each took one of the Indian's hands, .and the next moment the .dis guise was torn from the "ghost" and none other than the medium wna strug gling with the lady visitor on the floor. Mrs Surenne, as stated, is a powerful woman, and fought determinedly, but her assailant was nimble and managed tlrot to secure a drcss, boots and other articles of clothing, and then to spring from the cabinet; ' TREMENDOUS TO-DO. All this occupied but a moment, but as may bo supposed, the room was In a perfect uproar. Men sprang forward and women screamed, and some nearly fainted. Among those who sprang lo the cabinet was the lawyer, and he says that he found Mrs Surenne squatting on the floor will) black stockings on, but other wise so scantily clnd that she was trying to hide herself behind her dress ing gown. The lawyer brought off aa r. polls a pair of white stockings and the lady's corset. DISENCHANTMENT. The "old Indy" hears a few bruises as markH of her struggle; there uru various articles of female attire and a quantity of muslln-llke material in the bunds of several perrons, and— Mrs Surenne has re tired from the scene uf the exploits, tak ing her spirits with her At the back of whore the cabinet was there has been found a gas bracket fixed lo the wall, and attached to this several pieces of string. H Is now seen that when the "spirits" were asked lo show that the medium was still la the cabinet thoy pulled up Mm Surenne's discarded clothes to the gas bracket, so as to make them, in the dim light, look like Mrs Surenne herself. And a young woman who resides In the house says that on Tuesday Mrs Surenne hung out to air yards and yards uf gauzy mate rial similar to that annexed by the spoilers. 