literature. A MILLIONAIRE OF YESTERDAY. By E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM, Author of 'Mysterious Mr. Sabin,' 'Till the Day of Judgment,' ''The Man and His Kingdom,' 'One Little Thread of Life,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER VIII. Trent, on leaving the hotel, turned, for almost tilus tirrit time in his life, westwards For many years the narrow alleys, the thronged streets, the groat. buildings of the city had known him day by day, almost hour by hour. It's roar and clamor, the strife of tongues, and keen measuring of wits, had been the -< of his life. Steadily, sturdily, almost insolently, he had thrust his way through bo tihe front ranks. In many respects those were sin gular and unusual elements which had gone to the making of his success. His had not been the victory of honied falsehoods, of suave, deceit, of gentle but legalised rob bery. He had been a hard worker, a dar ing speculator, with nerves of iron and courage whidh would have glorified a nob ler cause. Nor had his been the methods of good fellowship, the sharing of 'good turns,' the 'camaradie' of finance. The men witii whom he had had large dealings toe had treated as enemies rather tlhan friends, ever watching tliem covertly with close but unslackening vigilance. And now for the present, at any rate, it whs all over. There had come a pause in liis life. His back vraa to the city', and his face was set towards an unknown world. Half-unconscioHsly, (he had undertaken a little voyage of exploration. From the Strand he crossed Trafalgar Equare into Pall Mall, and up the Haymar ket into Piccadilly. He was very soon aware that lie had wandered into a world Whosie ways were not hie ways, and with wnom ne naa no Kineiup. ret ne set mm self sedulously to observe them, conscious that what lie saw represented a very large side of life. From the first he was aware of a certain difference in himself and his ways. The careless glance of a lounger on the pavement of Pall Mall filled him with a sudden anger. The man was wearing gloves, an article of dress which Trent ig nored, and smoking a cigarette, which he loathed. Trent was carelessly dressed in a tweed suit and red tie. His critic wore a silk hat and frock coait, patent leather boots, and a dark tie of invisible pattern. :Yet Trent knew that he was a type of that class which would look upon him as an outsider, and a black elieep, until he. had bought his way. They would expect him to conform to tlieir type, to learn to speak, tbeir jargon, to think with their puny brains, arid to see with their Bhort Bight«T eyes. At the Criterion he turned in and had a drink, and, bolder for the wine, wfoioh he had swallowed at a gulp, he told himself that he would do nothing of tJhe sort. He would not alter his ways. They must take him as he was or leave him. He suffered his thoughts to dwell for a momenit upon his wealth, of the years wihldh had gone to the winning of it, of a certain nameless day of memory which sometimes even now sent the blood t running coldly -through his veins, of the weaker men who had gone under that he might prosper. Now that it was 'his, he wanted the best possible value for it. It was the natural desire of the man to. be uppermost in the bargain. The de lights of the world behind, it seemed to him that he had already drained. The crushing of his rivals, the homage of his less successful competitors, the. grosserplea aures of wine, fflie musidhalls, and the un limited spending of money amongst people Tirhom he despised, bad Jqnr m*ioe palled ?upon him. He had a 'keen, strong desire to escape once and for ever from their surroundings. He lounged along, smoking a' large cigar, keen-eyed and observant, lay ing up for himself a' store of impressions, unwnseiously irritated at every step ' by a sense of ostracism, of being in 6ome in {Sdanable manner without kinship and Who'iJy apart from tihis world in which it seemed natural now tha't 'he should find some place. He gazed at the great houses without respect or envyf at t'he men with a fierce contempt, at the women -with a sore feeling that if by chance 'lie should be brought into contact with any df tfhem they would regard him as a sort of wild animal to foe 'humored or avoided, purely as a matter of self- interest. The very brightness and brilliancy of their toilettes, the rustling of their dresses, the elegance and daintiness, whidh Ihe was alble to ap preciate without being able to understand, only eerved to deepen his consciousness of the gulf which lay between him and them. They were of a world to 'which, even if he were permitted to enter it, he could not possibly belong. He returned such glances as fell upon 'him with fierce insolence. He was, indeed, somewhat o£ a strange figure in his ill-fitting and inap propriate clol'hes, amongst a gathering of smart people. A lady, looking at nim through raised lorgnettes, turned and whis pered something with a smile to her com panion—once before he had heard an audi ble titter from a little group of loiterers. He returned the glance wit/h a lightning like look of diabolical fierceness, and, turn ing round, stood upon the kerbstone and called a hansom. A sense of depression swept over him as he was driven 'through the crowded streets towards Waterloo. The half-scornful, half earnest prophecy to which he had listened years ago, in a squalid African hut, flashed into his mind. For the first time he began to hayed'hn apprehensions as to his future. All his life he 'had been a toiler, and joy had been with 'him in the fierce combat which he had waged day by day. He had fought his battle, and he had won— where were the fruits of his victory? A puny, miserable, little creature like Diekenson. could prate of .happiness, and turning a shiuing face to the future— Diekenson, who lived upon a pittance, who depended upon the whim of his employer, and who con fessed to aiubi'Cionts wlucn were surely pitiable. Trent li't a fresh cigar and smiled. Things would surely come right with' him— they must. What Diekenson could gain was surely his by right a thou sand times over. He took the train for, Walton, travelling urst-wass, and treated with much deference by the officials on the line. As he alight ed and passed through the booking-hall into the station-yard, a voice hailed him. He looked up sharply. A carriage and i'-' «* uurises were waiting, and inside was a young woman, with a very smart hat and a profusion of yellow hair. 'Come on, general,' she cried. 'Tve done a skip and driven down to meet you. buch jokes when they miss me. The old lady will be as sick as they make 'em. Can t we have a trot round for an hour, en i Her voice was high-pitched and penetrat ing. Listening to it, Trent unconsciously compared it witli the voices of the women ot that other world into which he had wandered earlier in the afternoon. He turned a frowning face towards her. 'Vou might have spared yourself the trouble, he said, shortly. 'I didn't order a carriage to meet me, and I don't want one. 1 am going to walk home.' She tossed -her head. 'What a beastly temper you're in,' she remarked. 'I'm not particular about driving. Do you want to walk alone?' 'Exactly,' he answered. 'I do.' She leaned back iu the carriage with 'Well, there's one thing about me,' she said, acidly, 'I never go where 1 ain't wanted. Trent shrugged his shoulders and turned to the coachman. 'Drive home, Gregg,' he said. 'I'm walking.' The man touched his hat, the carriage drove off, and Trent, with a grim smile upon his lips, walked along the dusty road. Soon he paused before a little white gate, I marked private, and, unlocking it ' with a key which he took from his pocket, passed through a little plantation into a large park-like field. He took off his hat and fanned himself thought fully as he %valked. The one taste which his long and absorbing struggle with the giants of Capel Court had never weakened was his love for the country. He lifted his head to taste the breeze which came sweeping across from the Surrey do\vns,keen ly relishing the fragrance of the new-mown hay and the faint odor of pines from the distant dark-crested hill. As he came up tne neia towards the house he looked with pleasure upon the great bed of gorgeous colored rhododendrons which bordered his lawn, the dark cedars which dropped over the smooth, shaven grass, and the faint flush of color from the rose gardens be yond. The house itself was small, but picturesque. It was a grey stone build ing, of two storeys only, and from where he was, seemed completely embowered in flowers and creepers. hi a way, he thought he would be sorry to leave it. Jt had been a pleasant summer home for him, although, of course, it was no fit dwelling-house for a millionaire. He niuet look out for something a't once now— a country house und estate. All these things would come as a matter of course. He opened another gate, and passed into a little plantation of pines and shrubs which bordered the grounds. A winding path led through it, and, coming round a bend, he stopped short with a little ex Cianifltioil. A- irirl Wfln fitnn/^ino- n*ifrji Im.. flXick to him, rapidly sketching upon a little block which she held in her left hand. 'Hullo!' he remarked. 'Another guest! And who brought you down, young lady, eh?' \ She turned slowly round, and looked at him in cold surprise. Trent knew at once that he had made a mistake. She was plainly dressed in white linen and a cool muslin blouse, but there was something about her, unmistakable even to Trent, which placed her very far apart, indeed, from any woman likely to have become bis unbidden guest. He knew at once that she was one of that clas9 with whom he had never had any association. She was the first lady whom he had ever ad dressed, and he could have bitten out his tongue when he remembered the form of his doing so. 'I beg your pardon, miss,' he said, con fusedly. 'My mistake. You see your back was turned to me.' . She nodded, and smiled graciously. ? 'If you are Mr. Scarlett Trent,' ehesaid, it is I who should apologise, for I am a flagrant trespasser. You must let me ex plain.' CHAPTER IX. The girl had moved a step towards him as she spoke, and a gleam of sunlight, whidi had found its way into the grove, flashed for a moment on the little stray curls of her brown gold hair and across her face. Her lips -were parted in a' de lightful smile— she was very pretty, and inclined to be . apologetic. But Scarlett Trent had seen nothing save that first glance wlien the sun had touched her face With fire. ' A strong man at all time?, and more tbkn commonly self-masterful, he felt himself now as helpless as a child. A sud den pallor had whitened his face to the lipB, there were Btrange singings in his ears, and a mist waB before his eyes. It was she. There was no possibility of any mistake, It was' the girl for whose pic ture he had gambled in the hut at Bek wando — Monty's baby girl, of .whom he had babbled even in death. He leaned against a tree, stricken dumb, and she was frightened. 'You are ill,' she cried.. 'I'm so sorry. Let me run to the 'house and fetch /some one.' He had strength enough to *top her— a few deep breaths and he was himself again, shaken, and with a heart beating like a steam-engine, but able at last to talk intelligently. 'I'm sorry — didn't mean to frighten you,' be said. 'It's tne 'heat — I get an attack like this sometimes. Yes, I'm Mr. Trent. I don't know what you're doing here, but you're welcome.' 'How nice of you to say so,' she an swered brightly. 'But then, perhaps, you'll change your' mind when 3pou know what I have been doing.' He laughed shortly. 'Nothing terrible, I should say. LookB as though you've been making a picture of my house. I don't mind that.' fohe dived in her pocket and produced a card-case. 'I'll make full confession,' she said frankly. 'I'm a journalist.' 'A what?' he repeated feebly. 'A journalist. I'm' on the 'Hour.' This isn't my work as a rule, but the .man who should have come is ill, and his junior can't sketch, so they sent me. Don't look at me as though I were a ghost; please. Haven't you ever heard of a girl journalist before?' 'Never,' he answered emphatically. ''I didn't know that ladies did such things.' She laughed gaily, but softly, and Trent understood then what was meant by the music of a woman's voice. 'Oh, it*6 not at all an uncommon thing,' she assured him. 'You won't mind my interviewing you, will you?' 'Doing what ?' he asked, blandly. 'Interviewing you. That's what I've come for, you know, and we want a little sketch of your house for the papers, i know you don't like it— I hear you've been awfully, rude to poor little Morrison, ol the 'Post'— but I'll be very careful what I say, and very quick.' He stood looking at her, a dazed and bewildered man. From the trim little hat, with its white 'band and jaun'ty bundli of cornflowers, to the well-shaped patent shoes, she was neatly and daintily dressed. .A juuiiiaiiai, J-»t ^«uu^t_u. uuvi. 'tun. hm.v\j her face— at the brown eyes, watching him now a little anxiously, the mouth with the humorous twitch at the corner of her lips. The little wisps of hair flashed again in the sunlighlt — it was die. He had found her. She took his silence for hesitation, and continued a little anxiously — 'I really won't ask you many questions, and it would do me quite a lot of good to get an interview with you. Of course, I oughtn't to have begun this sketch with out permission. If you mind that, I'll give it up.' He found his tongue, awkwardly, but vigorously. 'You can sketch just as long as ever vou please, and make what use of it you like,' he said. 'It's only a bit of a place, though.' 'How nice of you. And the inter view?' 'I'll tell you whatever you want to know,' he said, quietly. She could scarcely believe in 'her good for tune, especially when she remembered the description of the man ..'fhich one of t'he staff 'had given. He was gruff, vulgar, ill tempered — the chief ought to be kicked for lettiug her go near him. This was what she had been told. She laughed softly to herself. 'It is verv eood indeed ofc vou. Mr. Trent,' she said earnestly. 'T was quite nervous about coming, for I had no idea that you would be so kind. Shall I finish my sketch first, and then perhaps you will be able to spare me a few minutes for the interview?' 'Just as you like,' he answered. 'May Hook at it?' 'Certainly,' she answered, holding out the block, ' but it isn't half finished yet.' 'Will it take long?' 'About an hour, I think.' 'You are very clever,' he 6aid, with a little sigh. She laughed outright. 'People are calling you the cleverest man in London to- day,' she said. ''Pshaw!' It isn't the cleverness that counts for anything that makes money.' Then he set his teeth hard together, and swore vigorously but silently. She had be come suddenly interested in her work. A shrill burst of laughter from the lawn in front had rung sharply put, startling them both. A young woman, with fluffy hair, and in a paie blue dinner dress, was danc ing to an unEeen audience. Trent's eyes flashed with anger, and his cheeks burned. The dance was a music-hall one, and the gestures were — not refined. Before he could stop himself an oath had broken from his lips. After that he dared not even glance at the girl by bis side. ? 'I'm very sorry,' he muttered, 'I'll stop that right away.' 'You mustn't disturb your friends on my account,' she said, quietly. She did not look up, but Trent felt keenly the al teration in her manner. 'They're not my friends,' he exclaimed passionately. 'I'll clear them out neck and crop.' She looked up for a moment, surprised at his sudden vehemence. There was no doubt about his being in earnest. She con tinued Tier work without looking at him, but her tone when she spoke was more friendly. 'This will take me a little longer than I thought to finish properly,' she said. 'I wonder might 1 come down early to morrow morning? What time do you leave for the city?' 'Not until afternoon, at any rate,' he said. 'Come to- morrow, certainly, when ever you like. You needn't be afraid of that rabble. I'll see -you don't have to go near them.' ? 'You must please not make any diffe rence or» alter your arrangements on my account,' she said. 'I am 'quite used to meeting all sorts of people in my profes sion, and I don't object to it in the least. Won't you go now? I think that that was your dinner bell.' t He hesitated, obviously embarrassed, but determined. 'There is one Question,' he said, 'which I should very much like to ask you. It will sound impertinent. I don t mean it so. I can't explain exactly why I want to ikhoWj:. but 'I- have '?& »reason.' , .. ' '.. \- 'Ask it by all means,' die said. . 'I promise that I'll answer it if I can.' 'You say that you are-r-a journalist. Have you 'taken it up as a pastime, or to earn money?' 'To earn money, by all means,' she answered, laughing. 'I like the work, but I shouldn't care For it half so much if I didn't make my living at it, Did you think that I was an amateur?' 'I didn't know,' he answered, slowly. 'Thank you. You will come to-morrow?' 'Of course.. Good evening.' 'Good evening.' Trent lifted his hat, and turned away un willingly towards the house, full of a sense that something wonderful had hap pened to him. He was absent-minded, but he stooped to pat a little dog whose attentions he usually ignored, and be picked a creamy-white rose as he crossed the lawn, and wondered why it should re mind him of her! CHAPTER X. Trent's appearance upon the lawn was greeted with a shout of enthusiasm. The young lady in blue executed a pas seul and came across to him on her toes, and the girl with the yellow hair, although sulky, gave him to understand, by a side long glance, tfliat her favor was not per manently withdrawn. They neither of them noticed the somewhat ominous air of civility with which he received their greetings, or the contempt in his eyes as he looked them silently over. 'Where are the lost tribes?' he en quired as the girls, one on each side, es corted (him to the house. They received Oiis witticism with a piercing Shriek of laughter. 'Mamma and her rag of a daughter are in the drawing-room, explained Muss Montressor— the young lady with fluffy hair, who dressed in blue^and could dance. 'Such a joke, general. 'TThey don't ap prove of us. Mamma says that she shall nave to take her Julie away if we remain.. We are not fit associates for her. Rich, isn't it? The old chap's screwing up his courage now with brandy and soda to tell you so.' Trent laughed heartily. The situation began to appeal to him. There was humor in it which he alone could appreciate. 'Does he expect me to send you away?' he asked. 'That's a cert!' Miss Montressor affirm ed. 'The old woman's been playing the respectable all day, turning up the whites of her eyes at me because I did a hijjh 'kick in the hall, and groaning at Flossie because she had a few brandies. Ain't that so, Flossie?' The young lady with the yellow hair confirmed the Statement with much dig nity. 'I had a toothache,' sOie said, 'and Mrs. Da Souza, or whatever the old cat calls herself, was most rude. I reckon myself as respedtable as ehe is any day, dragging that yellow-faced daughter of her's about with her, and throwing her at men's heads.' Miss Montressor, who had stopped to pick a flower, rejoined them. 'I say, general,' ehe remarked, 'fair's fair and a promise is a promise. We didn't come down here to be made fools of by a fat old Jewess. You won't Eend us away because of the old wretch?' 'I promise,' Trent said, 'that when she goes you go, and not before. Is that suffi cient?' 'Right oh!' the young lady declared cheerfully: ''Now you go and prink up for dinner. We're ready, Flossie and I.' 'The little Jew girl's got a new dress, back covered with sequins. It makes her look yellower than ever. There goes tne bell, and we're both as hungry as hunters. Look sharp.' Trent entered the house. Da Souza met him in the hall, sleek, curly and resplen dent in a black dinner suit. The years had dealt lightly witfh him, or else the climate of England was kinder to his yellow skin than the moist (heat of the Gold Coast. He greeted Trent with a heartiness which was partly tentative, partly boisterous. 'Back from the coining of the shekels, my tear friend,' he exclaimed. 'Back from the spoiling of the Egyptians, eh? How was money to- day?' 'An eighth easier,' Trent answered, as cending the stairs. Da Souza fidgeted about with the banis ters, and finally followed him. 'There was just a word,' he repeated, 'a leetle word I wanted with you. 'Come and talk while I wash,' Trent said shortly. 'Dinner's on and I'm hungry.' ''Certainly, certainly,' Da Souza mur mured, closing the door behind tnem as they entered the lavatory. 'It is — con- cerning — these young ladies.' 'What, Miss Montressor and her friend?' Trent remarked, thrusting his head into the cold water. 'Phew.' 'Exactly. Two very charming young ladies, my dear friend; very charming in deed, but a leetle— -lon't you fancy, just a leetle, what my wife calls fast.' 'Hadn't noticed it,' Trent answered, drying himself. -'What about it?' Da Souza tugged 'at his littje black im perial, and moved uneasily about. 'We — er — men of the world — my dear Trent, ive need not be so particular, eh? — but the ladies — the ladies are so observ ant.' 'What ladies?' Trent asked coolly. 'It is my ivife who has been talking to me,' Da Souza continued. 'You see Julie is but a child, and, as my wife says, we cannot be too careful., en? You under: stand.' 'You want them to go, is that it?' Da Souza spread out liis hands— an old trick, onl}' now the palnjs were white, and the diamonds real. 'For myself,' he declared, 'I find them charming. It is my wife, wlio sa3rs to me, 'Hiram, those young persons, they are not fit company for our dear, innocent Julie. You shall speak to Mr. Trent. He will understand. Eh?'' Trent had finished hiB toilette, and stood, the hair brushes still in his hands, looking at Da Souza's anxious face, with a queer smile upon his lips. 'Yes, I understand, Da Souza,' he said. 'No doubt you are right. You do well to be particular.'' . Da Souza winced. He was about to speak, but Trent interrupted him. 'Well, I'll tell you this, and you can let the missus know, my fond father. They leave to-morrow. Is that good enough? ' Da Souza caught at his host's hands, but Trent snatched it away. 'Here, shut up, and don't paw me,'. Trent intenjupted. 'Mind, not ,a word of this to anyone but your wife. The girla don't know they're going themselves yet.' They entered the dining-room, where everyone else was already assembled. Mrs. Da Souza, a Jewess, portly and typical, resplendent in 'black satin, and many gold chains and bangles^ occupied the seat of honor, and bv her side was a little brown girl, with dark, timid eves, and dusky com plexion, pitiably over-dressed, but with a certain elf-like beauty; which it was harj to believe that she could ever have in herited. Miss Montressor and hex friend eat ou either sade of their host, an arrange* . ment which Mrs. Da Souza lamented, but V found herself powerless to prevent, anq her husband took the. vacant place. Din ner was served, and with the opening of ' the champagne; which was not long de- ? layed, tongues were loosed. 'It was very hot in the city, to-day, % . am sure,' Mrs. Da Souza remarked to her host. . 'Dear Julie was saying what a shame it seemed that you should be there, and we should be enjoying our beautiful , gardens. 'She is so thoughtful, so gym* ' pathetic. Dear girl.' '...._--. 'Very kind of your daughter,' Trent an« swered, looking directly at her, and rather inclined to pity her obvious shyness. 'Come, drink up, Da Souza. Drink up, girls. I've had a hard day, and I wan| to forget for a bit that there's any m-dk thing as work.' . Miss Montressor raised her. glass, and winked at her host. 'It don't take much drinking this, gene ral,' she remarked cheerfully, draining he» glass. 'Different to the pop they giva us down at the Star, eh, Mossie? Good old gooseberry I call that.' 'Da Souza, look after Miss Flossie,' Trent said. ,'\Vhy don't you fill her. glass, man ? That's right.' 'Hiram.' | Da Souza removed his hand from tha back of his neighbor's chair and endeavor* ed to look unconscious. The girl tittered, . Mrs. Da Souza was severely dignified. Trent watched them all, half in amuse ment, half in disgust. What a pandemo nium. It was time indeed for him to ge4 rid of them all. From where he sat ha could see across the lawn into the little pine plantation. It was still light. If she could look in at the open window, what would she think? His cheeks burn ed, and (be . thrust the hand which was seeking his under the table savagely away. And then an idea flashed in upon him — a niafcnificent idea. He drank off a glass of champagne, and laughed loud and long at one of his neighbor's silly sayings. It waa a glorious joke. The more he thought of it, the more he liked it. He called for more champagne, and all save the little brown girl greeted the magnum, which presently, appeared, with cheers. Even Mrs. Dg Souza unbent a little towards file young women, against whom she had declared war. Faces were flushed, and voices gre^ a little thick. Da Souza's arm, unbidden, sought once more t'he back of his neighbor's chair. Miss Montressor's eyes did their utmost to win a tended glance from theii lavish host. Suddenly Irent rose to his feet. He held a glass high over his head. His face was curiously unmoved, but hia lips were parted in an enigmatic einile. 'A toast, my friends,' he cried. 'Fill up, the lot of you. Come. To our next meeting. May fortune soon smile again, and may I have another home before long, as worthy a resting-place for you as this.' Bewilderment reigned. Ko one offered to drink tne toast. It was Miss Montres sor -who asked the question ?w'hitik was on everyone's lips. 'What's up?' she exclaimed. 'What's the matter with our next meeting here to morrow night, and what's all that rol about your next home and fortune?' Trent looked at them all in well simu lated amazement. 'Lord,' he exclaimed. 'You don't know, none of you? I thought tnat Da Souza would have told you the news?' 'What news?' Da Souza cried, his beady eyes protuberant, and nis glass arrested half way to his mouth. 'What are you talking about, my friend?' Trent set down his glass. 'My friends,' he said unsteadily, 'let me explain to you — as shortly as I can, what an uncertain position is that of a great financier.' Da Souza leaned across the table. His face was livid, and the corners of his eyes were bloodshot. 'I thought there was something up,' he muttered. 'You would not have me come into the city this^morning. D— n it, you don't mean that you ? ' 'I'm bust,' Trent said roughly. 'la that plain enough? I've been building on West Africans, and they boomed, and this afternoon the Government decided not to back us at Bekwando, 'and the mines are to be shut down. Tell you all about it, if you like.' No one wanted to hear all about it. They, shrunk from him as though he were a rob ber. Only the little brown girl was sorry, and she looked at him with dark, soft eyes. 'I've given a bill of sale here,' Trent continued. 'They'll be here to-morrow, Better pack to-night. These valuers are suoh robbers. Come, another bottle. It'll all have to be sold. We'll make a night m it.' ' Mrs. Da Souza rose and swept' from the room, Da Souza had fallen forward, witt his head upon his hands. He was only half sober, but the shock was working like madness in his brain. The two girls, after whispering together for a moment, rose and followed Mrs. Da Souza. Trent stole from his place and out into the gar den. With footsteps which were steady enough now, he crossed the velvety lawns and plunged into the shrubbery. Then he began to laugh softly as he walked. They were all duped. They had accepted his story without the slightest question. Ha leaned qver the gate which led into tha little plantation, and he was suddenly grave and silent. A night wind was blow« mg, fragrant and cool. The dark boughs of the trees waved to and fro against tha background of deep blue sky. The lima leaves rustled softly, the perfume of roses came floating across the flower gardens, Trent stood quite still, listening and think ing. 'God! What a beast I am,' he mutter ed. 'It was there she sat. I'm not fit to breathe the same air.' He looked towards tihe house. Tha figures of the two girls, with Da Souza standing now between them, were ml* houobbed against tihe window. His face grew dark and fierce. 'Faugh!' he exclaimed. 'What a kennel I have made of my house. What a bow down thing I liiave begun to make of life. Yet— -I was a beggar — and I am a mil ionaire. Is it harder to change oneself t To- morrow'— he looked hard at the place where she had sat-— 'to-morrow I will aek her.' On his way back to the house, a little cloaked figure Stepped out from behind A shrub. He looked at her in amazement. It was tihe little brown girl, and her eyes were wet with .tears. '.'Listen,' she said, quickly. 'I have been waiting to speak to you.' I want to say good-bye and to thank you. I am very, v«T sorry, and I hope that some day you will make some more money and be uapp$ again.' Her lips were quivering. A single glance into her face assured him of hear honesty. He took the hand wihich she held out and pressed her fingers. 704 ?' 'little Julie,' he Baid, 'you are a ? )-rick. Don't you bother about me. It isn't quite so bad as 1 made put — only don't tell your mother tba.t.£^ SI ;? *? - 'I'm very. .glad,', eke inurniuredr -'I. think it is hateful of them all to rush away and I made up my mind to say good-bye, however angry it made them. Let me go now, please. I want to get back before mamma misses .me.' He passed his arm around Tier tiny waist. She looked at him with frightened eyes. ? . 'Please let me go,' die murmured. He kissed Sier lips, and a moment after wards vaguely repented it. She buried tier face in tier hands, and ran away sob bing. Trent lit a cigar and sat down upon a garden seat. 'It's a queer thing,' he said, reflectively. 'The girl's been thrown repeatedly at my bead for a week, and I might have kissed 'her at any moment, before her father and another, if I had liked, and they'd have thanked me. Now I've done it, I'm sorry. She looked pre'ttier tlhan I've ever seen her, too, and she's the only detent one of -Ifhe lot. Lord! what a hubbub diere'll be in the morning.' The stars came out, and the moon 'rose, and still Scarlett Trent lingered out in the scented darkness. He was a man of limit ed imagination, and lit'tle given to super stitions. Ye't that night there came to him 'a jjresentiment. He felt that Jie was on the threshold of great events. Sonie- thing new in life was looming up before him. He had cut himself adrift from the old. It was a very wonderful, and a very beautiful figure which was beckoning him to follow in other patfliE. The triumph of the earlier part of t'lie day seemed in a misty and unimportant past. There was a new world and a greater, if fortune will ed that he should enter it. (To be continued.) 