Through a Woman's Eyes. Er Dot. „ Dr. Lindo Ferguson, one of the ate Medical Congress, indulged in some Plain English ' on the cram system of education, aid the disastrous consequences that issue therefrom. Touching on home lessons, the doctor queried : ' What is to be said to the narent who thinks an eight-hour day for his own work is one of the laws of the universe but who insists that his growing children should work ten hours f Of all the systems provocative of mental torture that is. as far m children are concerned— ™,r pHnoational system tops the list. Very often the teachers are nothing more human than mathematical automatons. To a child's eves, they represent crammers, scolders, and^ switchers rolled into one, which is a very Pharasaist view to take of individuals whom we are told have each a big share in the moulding of a child's character. As it is now, a teacher is selected without the slightest regard to having a sympathetic nature or any vocation for her work ; and one .would think that, as well as having 'cram' qualifications, a person to whom is entrusted the teaching of little children should have *ome sentimental qualities. Somehow teachers — or at least the teachers the writer has met— never seem to be able to discriminate between the nature of one child an1 the nature of another. If one child can manage to get all its exercises done correctly so must another, and I have known instances where a sound whack on the back with a book was the ** invigorator ' administered to a child who didn't, or couldn't, get its sums right— which is about as charitable and sensible as the mother who beat her little boy because he fell down and bumped his head. If parents only knew or understood the tragedy ot the schoolroom and the conflict of emotions, ' shame, envy, and hate which the dull children suffer from, perhaps thejLjvould, not be in such an indecent hurry to get rid of their children by sending them to school. Of course, as in the case of many of their elders, there are children whose pachyder matous calibre is proof against tne hardest snubs and slurs, but not so the child who is sensitive, refined, and keenly alive to its own deficiencies, and who learns to look upon 'the girl who is always top of the class' with all the darkness its child's nature can muster, because in the top girl the dull child recognises the cause of all her trouble and disgrace. Of course it would be unfair to blame the teachers, who must go according to the system. Which is a nerre-racking, tiresome, and badly-paid one. __. . * * # Talking about schools, why should not Brisbane, like Sydney, have its Public ?Schools Amateur Athletic Association? * # * Down South the W.C.T.U. has been confabbing, and the average sinner, who, after all, is not such a very hardened one, considers that some of the. remarks made by social purity ladies at the* above's general meeting would make even the average saint chuckle. For instance, 409 papers had be^»n distributed to cabmen, and 50 letters had been written to city grocers begging them to discontinue the holdinep of wine and spirit licenses. Grocers had also been written to, and the re quest preferred that they would not send liquor in any form as Christmas presents to their customers. Also letters were sent to barmaids »who had advertised in the daily papers for situations (at first the girfs thought they were answers— what a shame !) and were advised to drop the God abandoned life of a Circe behind the bar. Publicans were prayed for, and their re demption from the devil's or the brewer's clutches was another consummation de voutly to be wished. Whether the bar maids and the publicans are too hopelessly enslaved to 'the gentleman of darkness, ' or that the 'redeeming' ladies were too frowsy and frumpy to have a good affect ?in anybody is a subject too sensitive for debate, but anyhow the temperance ladies' hysterical appeals went unnoticed, and publicans, private bars, and barmaids are going stronger than ever down South. I also read where one lady had visited the men sitting in the parks on Sunday morn ing, and sought to influence them by dis tributing literature bearing on the ques tion. Usually the men who sit in the Sydney parks on Sunday mornings, or any other mornings, have camped there almost ail the year round, and imagine anyone going up to a huugry and hardened dosser and saving, 'There's some nice 'purity' tracts for your breakfast, my man.' * * * Some women think it is their mission to retorm man, and yet will go and marry mm (the inconsistency of our sex). From what one hears, man doesn't want to be reformed or ' saved,' and is quite content w- risk nre and brimstone' so long as he nas a good time here below. And even jnen a woman is unusual enough to really ae-ire the reformation of a man, ten to one wL!'511118.^ reform him from some other *oman and not for herself. Just as many a woman marries a man in order to prevent another g,rl from getting him. Another W.C.T.U. woman made this altogether err neous statement : They - {women) were going to get the vote— (applause), — and they were going to useit for Christ and humanity's Bake. (Ap plause. ) Hundreds of women want to vote because they like politics, and why should a woman apologise for haying a political turn of mind by giving it out that she \ wants the vote in ord-r to vise it for the ! Deity. The Deity won't want her vote, but it might be a great advantage to the 'opposing member. * * * The Cowlishaw wedding was a marvel lous display of ngooey, rich raiment, and snobbishness How would you like it if, whilst having the heart to desire to present the bride with a golden piano you had only the cash to dissipate in a set of electro plated spoons, and had your present to gether with your name been printed in the ' ' cheap lot' column. The 'Dribblegraph' had the Cowlishaw wedding presents ar ranged exactly in the same way as are published accounts of the annual Exhibi tion cattle prizes and so forth. Under one heading they included the 'gold,' and under others *' silver,' 'e'ectroplate.' and 'china ' presents, for all the world like a shopkeeper's advertisement. Fancy Mrs. De Hardinge's face when she saw her present included inXthe Brummagem list, and fancy her mortification at seeing her friend Mrs. Badpay's Tiajne mentioned with those whose presents came under the heading 'real gold.' But what else could you expect from the ' Dribblegraph.' * » # Mr. Lesina's criminal code harangue, as giyen in Hansard, makes interesting read ing, though it would, have been even more interesting to have heard the gentleman deliver it. Quoting from 'Queensland Past and Present' for 1897, Mr. Lesina said that of the 1278 females taken uito custody during 18!I6 mare than one-third possessed no education, or that of a most rudimentary character. Mr. Lesina also mentioned that less than 100 .years ago women were flogged and branded lik«e a steer openly in the market place, where upon a very valiant and chivalrous hon. member remarked : 'Some want flogging yet. ' It might be worth while to go to Parliament House and have a look at this gallant honourable member. * # * At the FewiiiRs' sympathy meeting held the other night a resolution was read to the effect that the W.E.F.A. extends its sym pathy with Miss Fewings in her present difficulties, and also regrets the trustees' deplorably unfair treatment of that lady. * ' * # Last Thursday night Alfred Dampier hauled Hamlet before the public again. Even if Mr. Dampier doesn't manage to roll his orbs with the furiousness of a Walter Bentley when he first spots the ghost, Dam pier's Ham'et is by far the more preferable Dane ; but all the same, does it not sound rather disrespectful for a son, when his father, who as well as being a father is a king and a ghost, addresses him, to lackadaisically query 'wot?' That's what this Hamlet did, and also it gives you a bit of a shock to hear your 'melancholy Dane' drawling his magni ficent lines in the manner of a Lord (and don't forget the 'lord') Webber. Miss Dampier's Ophelia had a lovely contralto voice — a feature unusual as it is pleasing. Poor tired Hamlet ! Poor tired public! Poor much maligned Shakespeare ! 