My Grandfather's Will AND THE IRON KEY. i CHAPTER VII. AN hour afterwards I was sitting at the bedside oi my dying mother. The shock of that terrible meeting had brought her to understanding—and death: for as her mind returned her life ebbed away. White and placid she lay upon b'er last bed, and spoke no word ; but in her eyes could be resd her deathwarrant, and by me that which was yet moro full of anguish, a tender but unfading. reproach. How could I tell her now ? And how could she ever understand ? It was all too late. 1 Too late! too late!' the words haunted me there as the bright sun struggled through the drawn blind and illumined her saintly face. They and the look in her sweet eyes have haunted me many a day since then, and would be with me yet, did I not believe she knows the truth at last. There are too many ghosts in my memories for Heaven to lightly add this one more. She was dying—slowly and peacefully dying, and this was the end of her waiting. He had returned at last, this husband for whose coming she had watched to long. He had returned at last, afti r all his labour, and had been laid at her feet a dead man. She was free to go and join her love. To me, child as I was, this was sorely cruel. Death, as I know now, is very merciful even when he srems most merciless, but as I sat and watched the dear life slowly drift away from me, it was a hard mat ter to understand. The pale sunlight came, and flickered and went; but she lay to all seeming unchanged. Her pulse's beat was fail ing—failing; the broken heart feebly struggling to rest; but her sad eyes were still the same, appealing, questioning, rebuking—all without hope of answer or explanation. So were they when the sobbing fishermen lifted her from the body, so would they be until closed for the last sleep. It was very cruel. My father's body lay in the room below, with Uncle Loveday and Mrs. Busvargus for watchers. Now and again my uncle would steal softly up' stairs, and as softly return with hope lessness upon his face. The clock down stairs gave the only sound I heard, as it marked the footsteps of the dark angel coming nearer and nearer. Twice my mother's lips parted as if to speak ; but though I bent down to catch the words, I could bear no sound. So, as I sat and watched her waxen face, all the sweet memories of her came back in a sad, reproachful train. Once more we sat together by the windowed hearth, reading : once more we stood upon the rocky edge of Pedn gl«s and looked into the spledours of the summer eunset <( for father's ship :" once more we knelt togefher in PolkimbraChurch, and prayed for his safe return : once more I heard that sweet, low voice— once more ? Ah, never, never more ! TJncle Loveday stole into the room on tiptoe, and looked at her ; then turned and asked— • Has she spoken yet ?' ' No.' He was about to leave when the lips parted again, and this time she spoke— ' He is coming, coming. Hush ! that is his step!' The dark eyes wore ablaze with expectation : ike pale cheek aglow with hope. I bont down over the bed, for her voice was very low. ' He is coming, I know it. Oh husband, come quicker, quicker!' Alas ! poor saint, the step you listen for has gone before, and is already at the gato of heaven. 'He is here! Oh, husband, husband, you have come for me !' A moment she sat up with arms out. stretched, and glory in her face; then fell back, and the arms that caught her were the arms of God. After the first pang of bereavement had spent itself, Uncle Loveday got me to bed, and there at last I slept. The vory bewilderment of to much sorrow enforced sleep, and sleep was needed: so that, worn out with watching and ex citement, I had not so much as a dream to troublo me. It was ten o'clock in the morning when I awoke, and saw my uncle Bitting beside the bed. Another sun was bright in the heavens outside : the whole world looked so calm and happy tbat my first impulse was to leap and run, as WSB my custom, to mother's room. Then my eyes fell on Uncle Loveday, and the whole dreadful truth came surging into my awakened brain. I sank back with a low moan upon the pillow. Uncle Lovedny, who had been watching me, stepped to the bed and took my hand. ' Jasper, boy, are you better ?' After a abort struggle with my grief, I plucked up heart to answer that I was. •That's a brave boy. I asked, be- cause 1 have yet to tell you something. I am a doctor, you know, Jasper, and so you may take my word when I say thoie is no good in what is called " breaking news." It is always best to have the pain over and done with ; at least, that is my experience. Now, my dear boy, though God knows you have sorrow enough, there is still something to tell; and if you are the boy I take you for, it is best to lot you know at once.' Dimly woudering what new blow fortune would deal me, I sat up in bed and looked at my uncle helplessly. ' Jasper, ycu think—do you not— that your father was drowned ?' ' Of course, undo.' ' He was not drewned.' ' Not drowned!' ' No, . Jasper, he was murdored.' The words came slowly and solemnly, and even with the first shock of surprise the whole truth dawned upon me. This, then, explained the effect my name had wrought upon those two etrango men. This was the reason why, as we sat together Upon Dead Man's Rock, the eyes of John Rail ton had refused to meet mine; this was the reason why his murderer had gripped me so viciously upon Ready-Money Beach. These few words of my uncle's began slowly to piece to go thee the eosttwed pvz-Ao of the last two days, so that I half-guessed the answer as I asked— ' Murdered! How ?' ' He was stabbed to death.' I knew it, for I remembered the empty sheath that hung at Rhodojani's waist, and heard again Railton's words, " Captain, it was your knife." AB certainly as if I had fitted the weapon to its case, I knew that man had prompted father's murder. Even as I knew my terror of him faded away, and a blind and helpless hate sprang up in its stead ; helpless now, but some day to be masterful and worthy of heed. That the man who called himself Qeorgio Rhodojani was guilty of one death, I knew from the witness of my own eyes; that he had two more lives upou his black account—for the hand that struck my father had also slain my mother—I knew as surely. "And the devil will have his due, mv lads!" No, not yet; there was still one priceloss soul for him to wait for. ' Ho was stabbed,' repeated lijiclo I.ovedav, ' stabbfd to the heart, and from behind. I found this blade as I examined your poor father's body. It was brolion off elose to the hilt, and left in the wound, which can hardly havo bled at all. i/entli must have been immediate. It's a strange business, Jasper, and a strange blade by the look of it * I took the b'ade from his hand. It was about four inches in length, sharp, and curiously worked; one side was quito plain, but the other was covered with intticato tracoiy, and down the centre, (.ordered with delicnfe fruit and flowers, I spelt out the legend " Rnoit- 1)ATI.' 1 ' What does that word mean ?' I asked, ns I banded bick tho steel. My voice was so calm and steady that Uncle Loveday glanccd at mo a moment in amazement bofore ho answered — ' It's not Latin, Jaspi-r, but it's like Latin, and I should think must mean ' Remember,' or something of '.ho sort.' '' Ren ember,'' I repented ' I will uncle. As surely ns father wns murdered, I will remember—when the time comep.' They were 6trangc words from a boy. My unele looked at me again, but doubtless thinking my biain turned with grief, said coth)D£. 'Havo you told anybody? 1 lasted at length. I I have seen nobody. There will be an inquest, of course, but in this case an inquest can do nothing. Murderer and muidered have both gone to their account. By the way, I suppose nothing has becu seen of the uim who gave evidence. It was an unlikely tale ; and this miikes it luore suspicious. Bless my soul said my uncle suddenly, 'to think it never 6truck me before ! Your father was tu sail in the Belle Fortune, and this man gavo the narno of tho ship as the James and Elizaheth.' ' It was tho Belle Fortune, niid the man told a falsehood.' ' I suppose it must have leen.' ' I know it wns ' ' Know ? How do you know f ' Bocnu^e tho James anil Elizabeth is lyiDgat this moment in Falmouth Harbour, and her captain is down at the ' Lugger.'' Thereupon I told how I met with Captain Antonius Menydew. Nay, more, for my heart achcd for confidence, I recouped the whole story of my mooting with John Railton, and the tlrugglo upon Dead Man's Rock. Every word I told, down to the dead man's legacy — the packet and letter which I hid in tho cow- house. As the talo proceeded, my uncle's eyes grew wider and wider wi ? h astonishment. But I held on calmly and resolutely to the end, nor after the first shock of wonderment did he doubt my sanity or truthfulnrss, but grew more and more gravely interested. When I had finished my uarralive there was a long silence. Finally Uncle Loveday 6poke— 1 It's a remarkable story—a vory remarkable story,' he said, slowly and thoughtfully. 'In all my life 'I have never heard so stiange n talo. But the man must be caught. He cannot have gone tar, if, as you say, he was hero at Lantrig only the night bofore last. I expect they are on the look out for him down at Polkimbra since they have heaid the captain's statement; but all tho same I will send Joe Roscorla, who is below, to make sure. I must hare a pipe, Jasper, to tkink this oror. As a general rule 1 am not a smokrr; your aunt does not-ahem ! — exactly like tho snull. But it collects tho thoughts, and this wants thinking over. Meanwhile, you might dress if you feel well enough. Run to the >hcd and get the packet; wo will read it ovor together when I havo" finished my pipe. It is a remarkable s'ory,' he repeated, as bo slowly opened the door, ' a most marvellous story. I must have a pipe. A most—remarkable tale.' 1 With (his he wont downstairs and left me to dress. I dressed and ran downstairs to the cow- shed. No one had boon there. With eager fingers I tore away the bricks from tho cruuibiing mortar, and drew out my prize. The buckle glittered in the light that stole through tho gaping door. All was safe, and as I left it. Clulching my treasure, I ran back to the hou«e and found Mrs. Busvargus spreading tho midday maal. Until that was over, I knew that Uncle Loveday would not attack the mystery. He was sitting outride in the front garden smoking solemnly, and the wreaths of his pipe, curling in through tho open door, filled the house with fragrance. I cropt upstairs to my mother's door, and reverently 0'itered the dim lit room. They had laid tho two dead lovors side by side upon tho bed. Nory peacefully they slept tho sleep that was their meeting—peacefully as though no wickedness bad marred thoir lives or wrought their death. I could look upon thein calmly now. My father had left his heritage—a heritage far different from that which he went forth to win ; but I accepted it nevertheless. Had they known, in heaven, the full extent of that inheritance, would they not, as I kisaod their dead lips in token of my acceptance, have given some sign to Btay with me J Had I known, as I bent over them, to what tho oath in my heart would bring mo, would I even then have renounced it f I oinnot say The dead lips were silent, and only the dead know what will be. Uncle Loveday was already at table when I descended. But small was our pretence of eating. Mrs. Busvargus, it is true, had lost no appetite through sorrow; but Mrs. Busvargue was accustomed to such scenes, and in her calling treated Death with no more to do than Bhe would a frosb customer at her husband's inn. Long attendance at deathbeds seemed to have given that good woman a perennial youth, and certaioly that day Bhe seemed to have loBt the years that I had gained. Uncle Loveday made some faint display of heartiness ; but it was tho most transparent feigning. He covered his defection by pressing huge helpings upon me, so that my plate was bidding fair to become a new Tower of Babel, vthon Mis. Busvargus interposed and swept the meal away ; after which she disappeared into the back kitchen to ' wash up,' and was no more seen; but we heard loud slashings at intervals as if sbo had found a fountain, and wero renewing her youth in it. Left to ourselves, wo sat Bilont for a while, during which Uncle Loveday refilled his pipe and plunged again into thought, with his eyes fixed on tho rafters. Whother because his cogitations led to something, or tho tobacco had soothed him sufficiently, ho finally turned to mo and asked — ' Havo you got that packet ?' I produced it. Ho took his big rod haudkerchief from his |>ockot, spread it on the table, and began slowly to undo the strap. Then after arranging apart the buckle, the lotter, and the tin box, he inquired — ' Was it like this when the man gave it to you ?' ' No, tho letter was separate. I slipped it under tho strap to keep it safe.' 'It seems to mo,' sai'l my unrlo, ad justing his spectacles anil unfolding the paper, ' illegible, or almost s >. It has evidently been thoroughly soaked with salt water. Come here and see if your young eyes can help me to decipher it.' Wo bent together over tLe blurred handwriting. Tho letter was evidently in a feminine band ; but tho characters woio rudely and inartistically formed, while every here and llicro a heavy down-stroke or flourish marred the beauty of the page. Whcrovor suih thick lines occurred the ink had run and formed an illegiblo smear. Such as it was, with great difficulty, and after frequent trials, wo spolt out the loiter as follows :— ' The Welc . . Homo, Barbican, Plymo. •My Doorcst Jack,—This to hope it will find You quite wel 1 , as it leaves mo at present. Also to say that I liopo this voyage . . . now Leaf with Simon as Compnnny, who is a Good l'r end, though, as you well know, I did not think . . . camo courting mo. But it is for tho bos?, and . . . liquor . . . which I pray to Heaven may b.'gin happier Days. Trade is very poor, and I do not know . . . little Jenny, who is gotiingon Fam-usly with her Schooling She leaps the Books alroady, which is a great saving . . . looks in often and sits in the parlour. Ho says as you havo DODO Wetl to be . . . Wave, but misdoubts Simon, which I to'I him must be wrong, for it was him that advisod . . . tho fuss and warned against liquor, which he never took Himself. Jenny is so Fond of her Bo ks, and says the will teech you to write when you erne homo, which will bo a great Comfort, you being aw.73- so long and nover a word. And 1 am doing wonders under her teaching, which I dare say she will let you It ow of it all in the letter she is writing to go along wi h this . . . Simon to wrilo for you, who is a . . . scholnr, which is natural ... in tho office. So that I wonder ho loft it, hacing no tasto for tho sea that evor I heard ... bo the making of you both. I forgot to tell . . . vory ftraogo when ho left, but what with the hurry and burele it slipped my mind . . . wondeil'ul to mo to think of, my talking to you so natural . . . dis tauco. And so no moro at present from your loving wife, ' Livv RAII.TO.V 1 Jenny says . . . will not nl'er, bei more like as if it came from mo. Munny is very scarco. I wish you could g. t . This was all, and small enough, as I thought, was tho light it threw on the problem boforo us. Uncle Loveday read it over three or four times; then folded up tho letter and looked at me over his spectacles 'You say this cutthroat follow—this Rhodojani, as ho called himself—spoke English ?' ' As woll as wo do. Ho and ibo other spoke English all tho time.' ' H'm ! a'id ho talhoJ ab jut a Joany, did ho?' 1 He was saying something ubout 'Jenny not finding a husband' when John Railton struck him.' ' Then it's clear as daylight that he's called Simon, and no'. Georgio Also if I ever bot (though far bo it from me) I would bet my buttons that his name is no more Rhodojani than mi 110 is Metb usclah.' He paused for a moment, absorbed in thought ; then remmed— ' This Lucy Rnillon is John Railton's wife and keops a public-houso called tho ' Welcome homo !' cn the Barbican Plymouth. Simon, that is to sny Rhodojani, was in love with Lucy Railton, and his conduct, says sho, was strange before leaving ; but he pretended to be John Railton's friend, and, from what you say, must have had au astonishing influenco over tho unhappy man. Simon, wo leain, is aschular,' pursued my uncle, after again consulting the le:ter, 'and I see tho word 1 office' hero, which makes it likely that he was a clerk of some kind, who took to tho SEaforeomo purpose of his own, andindurod Railton to go with him, perhaps for the same perhaps for another. Auyhow, it soems it was high time for Railton to go somewhere, for besides the references to liquor, which tally wi h Simon's words upon Dead Man's Roclr, we also moet with the ominous words • tho fuss' wherein, Jusper, I find tho definito article not without moaning.' Unclo Loveday was beaming with concious piido in his own joirois of penetration. He ackoowlegcd my admiring attoution with a modost wave of tho hand, and thon proceeded to cloar his throat ostentatiously, as one about to play a trump card. ' As I say, Jaspor, this follotv must hare had some purpose to drag him off to sea from an oflice stool—some etrong purpose, and from what we know of the man, some ungodly purpose. Now, the question is, AVhat was it? On tHeRock, as you say, he charged John Railton with having a certain Will in his possession. Your father started from England with a Will in his posseBBton. This is curicus, to say the least - very curious; but I do not Bee how we are to connect this with the man Simon's sudden taste for the sea, for, you know, ho could not possibly have heard of Amos Trenoweth's Will.' ' You and aunt were the only people father told of it.' 'Quite so; and your father (excuse me, Jasper) not being a born fool, naturally didn't cry his purpose about the streets of Plymouth when he took his passage. Still, it's curious. Your fathor Bailed from Plymouth and this pair of raBca's Bailed from Plymouth— not that there's anything in that; hundreds sail out of the Sound every week , and we have nothing to show when Simon and John started—it may have been before your father. But look here, Jasper, what do you make 1 f that ?' I bent ovor tho letter, and where my uncles finger pointed, road, " Ho says you have Done Woll to be Wave." ' Woll undo ?' ' Well, my boy ; what do you make ofi'.' ' I can make nothing of it T 'No? You seo that solitary word ' Wave?' ' What was the ship called in which your fathor sailed ?' ' The Golden AVave.' 1 That's it, the Golden Wave. Now, what do you mako of it. ?' My uncle leaned back in his chair aod looked at me ovor his spec'acles, with the air of one who has played his trump card and watches for its effect. A certain conciousness of merit and expectancy of approbation animated his person ; his reasoning staggered me, and he saw it, nor waB wholly dicplcased. After waiting some time for my reply, he added— 'Of course I may be wronp, but it's curious. I do not think I am wrong, when I mark what it proves. It proves first, that these two ruffians—for ruffians they both were, as we must conclude, in spite of John Railton's melancholy end—it proves, I say, that these two sailed along with your father. They come home with him, are wrecked, and your father's body is found—murdered. Evidence, slight evidence, but ttill worthy of attention, points to them. Now if it could bo proved that they know, at starting ogr before, of your father's purpose, it would help us; and, to my mind, this letter goef far to prove that wickedness if some sort w»s tho caueo of their going. What do you think. ?' Uncle Loveday cleared his throat and looked at mo again with professional pride in his diagnosis. There was a pause, broken only by Mrs. BusrarguB splashing in the back kitchen. 1 ' Good heavens" said my uncle is that woman taking headers ? Come Jasper, what do you think ?' 'I think,' I replied, 'we had better look at the tin box ' 'Bless my soul! There's som'thing in the boy, after all. I bad clcan for goiten it.' The box was about six inches by four, and some four inches in depth. Tho tin was tarnished by the sea, but the cover had been'tightly fastened down and secured with a hasp and pin. Uncle Loveday drow out the pin, and with some difficulty raised the lid. Inside lay a tightly-rolled bundle of papers, sremingly uninjured. These he drew out, smoothed, and carofully opened. As his eyes mot the writing, his hand dropped, and he sank back—a very picluro of amaz ment—in his chair. ' My God ' What's tho matter ?' 1 It's your father's handwri'ing !' I looked at this last witnrss cast up by the sea and read, 'Ths Journey of Ezokiel Trenoweth, of Lantrig.' (TO BE CONTINUED). 