THE RIVER MYSTERY. The Head and the Shade. THE head of the Criminal Investigation Department had an anxious and careworn look upon h e See as he sat, buried in thought, in his private office It was not difficult to guess that his reflec- S were given to the few facts that were known resnectine the body that had been found in tlie Yarra it ™ hard to admit tl.at his department Completely baffled, that the boot men of his Zff haZsed "their utmost endeav^ the mystery, hut in vain, and that the trageay ^ho^ victim's head ,a S now in the --gue bade fair to ewell the list of undiscovered cnm^. Such, however, was the lamentable act fco wonder Superintendent Brown looked tired and troubled. No wonder that hard thought and rumination caused hi* eyes to grow •heavy and his head to droop forward on his chest as the gaslight grew blurred and confused to his "with a start he awoke, and^ muttering, '< I must have be'sn dozing," * as about to leave the place for the night when he became conscious of a ^ T c o M o s r f c sworn that there wa, somebody else in. the room," murmured the head of the Criminal Investigation Department. "If every policeman committed no greater perjury," said a voice, '«thefe would be fewer convictions at the Sessions." The head of the Criminal Investigation Department turned angrily to refute this slander upon the force when he beheld seated in a chair opposite him a form, intangible and transparent, but P l " No,"said e the visitor, as Mr. Brown sceptically rubbed his eyes ; "it is not imagination. I am really here, not perhaps in the body, but m the fi p "And pray, who the deuce are you, now that you are here ?" asked the Head of the Criminal Investigation Department, who personally teared neither man nor ghost. " I am the Shade of Sherlock Holmes, was the reply vouchsafed. The Head sat down opposite the Shade and looked at it somewhat contemptuously, as he remarked : "Oh, you are the great deteotive- on paper—who concocts his great mysteries and then unravels them. It is easy for those who hide to find. I gather, too, that you have a great contempt for the regular detective force. ' Well, Mr. Shade of Sherlock Holmes, I may tell you that the contempt is reciprocal.'' The shadow of a Bmile passed over the face ot the Shade. „ "We need not pass compliments at present, said the Shade of Sherlock Holmes; " what about your great river mystery ?" Mr. Brown was all attention in an instant. " Ah, : ' he Bighed, " that is a genuine and not a paper " I can puzzle. scarcely If you promise can you solve that," that—" saidSherlock, " but at any rate 1 can try and give you a hint as to what to do—that is if you are not above, taking Buch from one who is only a detective—as you phrase it—on paper." . " The end will justify any means," replied Mr. Brown. " I am willing to take a clue even from the other world, even from the devil himself, if there is the slightest probability of its leading to an elucidation of this mystery." "What have you or your men done so fair? queried Sherlock. " Everything that could possibly be suggested or thought of," was the reply. "Our theory is fiat the body was conveyed iu a floating-rail cart t-j a quiet place near the river, carried down by the murderer to the edge of the steep bank and pushed in to the stream." "Good," said Sherlock's Shade. " You take it for granted that a murder has been committed—a very fair assumption under the circumstances, but not necessarily correct." " Why," said the head of the C.I.D., "there is the body, the poison, the boot-box, the stone and the floating-rail cart—" said the Shade, because it is important-and intaneiWe You assume that the body was convevTd in a floating-rail cart, because a floating-rail H w5h .box s S r to that found was see g n by some persons prior to the discovery of the crime, I^s a poor connection, but as goodas we can get. As it iF tolerably certain that the box, body and ftone were conveyed iu some kind of vehicle, we Btope Diuuc were nwt wutujw tuuvc^cu —»u \-- • will say that a floating-rail cart was the vehicle. As all means and rewards have failed to fix the identity of the corpse, I presume that you have directed your efforts to tracing the cart." "Of course," said the head, curtly. "My men have made enquiries everywhere as to a stolen or missing cart; they have tried all the coach factories and looked high and low for some trace— but so far without result." "Just so," replied the Shade, blandly, "but they have not dragged the river ?' " Certainly not. We have got the body—' " But not the cart," interposed Sherlock. " It does not follow that because a decomposing body in a box will float that a cart with its mass of necessary ironwork will be equally buoyant." " Do you mean to assert—" began tlie Superintendent hastily. "I assert nothing," answered the Shade. 'I assume that the person or persons who placed that body in that box and that box in the river were keenly Keenly alive LO to pubsiuiuuicn. possibilities. Your J.UUI assumed .mmderer, for instance, although weighting the box with a heavy stone and wiring it, so that if the gases burst both body and box there was a chance of the weight keeping the body down, did not close his eyes to the effect of the unexpected happening —as a matter of fact it did. He left no stitch on the body for identification. He therefore regarded the possibility of the appearance of a body so far advanced in decomposition as to be unrecognisable, He may have been in possession of sufficient knowledge as to the history and antecedents of the young woman to warrant him in believing that the bodj would not be identified. He foresees that the river may give up its dead, and he puts himself in the position of the detectives, striving to think out their course of action so that he may defeat their means of running him down. He is necessarily at some distance from the river—or at any rate from that part where he intends to place the body, The weighting stone will be taken from somewhere near the river so as to give no clue as to the locality from which he came. As it will reqiiire . to , be fastened hastily, yet securely, there is another reason for using wire, for a trunk with a heavy stone attached to it would be a remarkable object to carry a distance, and the carriage of the body a distance is imperative for the purpose of covering his tracks. This necessity renders it likely that on his journey he will be seen by severaLperspn6., If he could have foreseen these things - as he probably did—he would see that a most important link would be the discovery of the cart. 'lhat would not float." "You think then," said the Superintendent,^ that the cart was backed into the river with, or at > the yame time as, the body in the box." ^ "It is possible,"answered the Shade. "It was necessary to get the box into deep water. The first idea that would occur as feasible would" be to drop it into, the centre of the stream from one of the bridges, but _ a mount's D tliouglit ^IIUU^IIU would show that to be dangerous. Bridges corlnect the thoroughfares, policemen usually patrol ibout the bridges to prevent accidents to drunken men and suicides, and persons out at night- near the river make towards the bridges to reach their homes. The box must go in where the deep water is right up to the bank- a steep Wink—and the place must be as far away from bridge as possible; therefore, mid-way betweBh tita. The best and longest stretch is between Burnley and the bridge which connects Swan-street, Richmond and Riversdale-road, Hawthorn, The south bank runs up straight and the houses are very ew ^ far between. It was below this part that the box was found floating. Body, box oar' and horse, all his harness having been first loosened, might easily be backed over the cliff. It was only one great ^.f splash. orJncI, If Tf that that sn splash ash were were heard heard and and investigated at the time, the investigator might find struggling up some part of the more-sloping northern bank a stray horse that had fallen into the Yarra. More likely, however, the horse was not sacrificed unnecessarily, especially if he was not one of marked appearance." " Very ingenious-and possible," said the Superintendent, sceptically, " but if the murderer-" "So far," interrupted the'Shade, "we assume that a murder has been committed and the circumstantial evidence is no doubt very strong." "Strong? There could hardly be anything stronger. Poison is found in the body of a young and pregnant woman, the body is placed in a boottrunk wired and weighted and cast into the Yarra. Possibly your shadeship baB a theory tbat this may be a case of suicide." " Possibly," replied the imperturbable Sherlock. " Then," smiled the Superintendent, "you think that this unknown woman poisoned herself arid then proceeded to — dispose • .— of her , body in , this elaborate ^manner which you have just. been assuming ?" "I think it quite possible that a man may have had a motive for her death, yet not have killed her. Men do not necessarily kill those whom they wish dead. This young woman wsus, BO far as we can judge by the absence of identification, & stranger here, and her death occurred within the colony." " Why do you infer that the death took place in this colony ?" " Simply because the undertaker waa too careful of chances to have risked the necessity of running the gauntlet of the Customs officers, who might have very naturally demanded to see the contents of a trunk. Having besen ruined by this man, and : the knowledge of her shame being only a matter of time in her OWL locality, she came with her wronger here, or followed him here in order that be might fulfil his promise of marriage. He refused or temporised. He would not or could not marry her, and, as a desperate, cheated and maddened woman might do, she poisoned herself in his presence or in the house which they jointly occupied. Women ot deathly purpose have a predilection for poison, and -arsenic is a favourite with them. The seducer is admittedy a cold-blooded, heartless scoundrel. His victim is dead by her own hand. No one knows of ?.ber death but himself, her people are not in the-^olony. If he gives information of the suicidethere will be an inquest and publicity. Her relatives may learn what has happened—his wife aBSurejlly will. Possibly he lias a letter from her threatening to endjher life unless he keeps his word and, 'itaed with this, he . calmly,thinks the situation out, * The single trunk Jhe brought with her serves as a coffin, and her -scanty, outfit is easily disposed of by fire or water.'' „' ^ '-' " But the cart? That is not an article that is easily picked up in the street. How do you account oiwuuuu for AMI the wuv cart wm if J1- they ifuvj are living " ' '"fi at " some place like Footscray or Brunswick away from the river ? You admit that be must have used some vehicle." ,. "It may have been hie own, used in his business. The vehicle may not have been a floating - rail cart. It may have been a commercial traveller's trap, a vehicle eminently suited lor quietly conveying a box such as this boot-trunk." ' M i%.e»-'1ih«>ri« n t .aatti tt»e Jup^i dfcttojQnii&iaL; Investigation Department, " do not furni^ clue to getting at the man who placed tin in the river—whether 'the deed was m suicide." " No," replied the Shade. '«But tli tt suggest action supplementing that which ' taking. Make every effort to ascertain, by 1 and examination of persons and places, the •where the box was thrown in. If you can that,, drag and dive." " What, for the missing cart?" " For whatever you can find. The cart there. There may be something else there, man who provided so carefully against id tion would get rid of clothing and effects, smell of 'burning,' either by combustion acids, is penetrating and might attract at whereas a weighted bag might easily be * into the river at the same time as the bom would never rise to the surface. There' very important evidence lying in the rivet Burnley. Look for it. And now," contin Shade of Sherlock Holmes, growing "you'll excuse me if, for the present, 1 vanish." The Head of the Criminal Investigation ment started up— " Stay, you imperfect speaker; tell tne He grasped at his visitor, but his arms THE practice of blackmailing has again in Albert Park. Albert Park is s of the southern suburbs, and is a great resort of evenings, and here the busy black traps his prey and extorts money by threa to bring disgraceful charges against his v' A trick that was adopted successfully! Ballarat police some years back maybe; trial by the South Melbourne constables. I; mailers had started to haunt the reserve the lake, and one night a couple of thers upon a pair spooning in the moonlight, boldly demanded money. " If you don r t we'll run you in," said the rogues. policemen." "Are you?" was the reply o[ _ the supposed lovers, "so am I; so is my' •Julia, you'll.come along with us." h thenpufied off her hat and disclosed the face of J big constable, the blackmailers best-Of a bad job and went quietly. THERE are still people who can he con melodrama and carried away by the me" melodramatic actors, witness the recentiir Bendigo, where a gallant and indignant yof from " out back' 3 rushed the stage to persecuted heroine from the-remorseless bis the heavy villain, and was so wound up; had to be kept under restraint " behind "ft' an-hour, as he still threatened the bold te and offered to punch his ensanguined beiir did not "let the woman alone." People ffij like this must be extremely impressioaatK there are such people in plenty. In an uptown one of Dan Barry's villains was mtrodt a bushman. " What!" said the latter, "yffeller that pitched the girl in the river": take tbat, you cowardly hound !" And he the Thespian a blow that left him unfit for cation for a week. Artemus Ward's story ci man who smashed up the figure of Judas L with a stick on religious principles may haw true after all. THE matinee to be held at the Princess' on the 24th January in aid of the Old Fund, will take the novel form of a " smoke -on the stage, at which the Chief Justice asked to preside, and in which all the ! professionals will appear and contribute an It has been agreed, to, that in future a pe levy of a penny in the pound will be made actors' and actresses' salaries to Bupport the DR. H. WEIXBR, a German • chemist, te covered that cows fed on " grains" from b give milk containing quite a large am alcohol. Here is another fine opportunity! 'belated housefather. "I assure you, my. dear wife, I've on'y had a few glashes of pw« milk !" 