THE UNCTION OF TEACHERS. Sermon preached to Church Sunday School Teachers on Friday, 25th August, 1899, by Samuel, Bishop of Ballarat. “His anointing teacheth you."—St. John ii., 27. R.V.' Teachers, of others, need, above all things, 'to bo taught themselves and there is some- Ething they have to learn in the importation of spiritual knowledge, over and above the matter of their lessons—a something as to the manner and the spirit in which their work must be done, which can only be learn ■ed in' one way and from one source, and that is," by the Lord’s anointing. “ His anointing teaclieth you.” so runs the text; but whose? “l'a have an unction from tho Holy One,” says St.. John, "and the anointing which ye received of Him abideth in you.” Our great anointed Head is meant. “Christ” means literally “oiled'one:” and “as Ho is, so are we in this world.” We are to be oiled ones too. Why. we take our very namo from this; wo are not called Jesuits, from Jesus, we are called Christians, from Christ. All tho oil for our souls must come from Him. “God anointed Jesus Christ,” said St. Peter, "with tho Holy Ghost and with power; but we shared in that unction. Christ was anointed—just as he was tempt ed, crucified, and raised—for us. “ The Heaven that o'er Him opened bright For us unveiled its glorious light; Tho Dove that rested on His head For us Its gracious errand sped; Tho voice that hailed the Holy One _ Proclaimed our sonsliip through the Son. That oil—symbol of diffused, pervasive grace—passed down from “the head, even Christ,” to the lowest skirts of His garment, and is available to-day for you and me. .Now, unction anciently was applied in three ways—ou the head lirst, including the eyes and even the cars; ou the breast next; trickling irom Aaron's temples, the insinuat ing unguent flowed down on the beard, the chest, tho body, even to tho border ol the raiment; and, once more, it was applied to tho limbs, the hands and feet, even the thumbs and toes. Shall wo try to learn something from tills symbol, under those three divisions—the oil on tho head, the breast, the limbs? 0 for help from above in doing so! "I ANOINTING THE HEAD SYMBOLISED TWO THINGS'. (a) Dignity was implied. Kings, judges, prophets, priests, had oil solemnly poured on their heads in token of tho high honor put upon them. Distinguished or beloved guests were thus treated. "My head with oil thou didst anoint,” said Jesus to llis unloving host, while Mary poured her precious oint ment on His feet as He sat at meat. ” Thou auoiutest my head with oii.” says David, of tho favor God showed Him, as to an honored guest at His table. Even tho dead wero anointed on this principle; for a dead body is a majestic, sacred thing. Hen do right in uncovering if a funeral pass. (b) But 1 see something else symbolised iu tho anointing of the head, besides dignity. For tho sako of alliteration, which helps memory, shall wo call it discernment? But I must explain. , , , Tho head is tho seat and symbol of the in telligence, and grace reaches that part of us first. If you think ol it, you never can reach the heart and tho will except through tho mind in the first instance. I am not sure that our poet is right w!id sings, “ Tho mind's the standard of tho mail; ” but the writer in Proverbs assuredly is, who says. "Asa man thinketh, so is he.” First, wo think good or evil thoughts; then, as a re sult wo do good or evil deeds. Thought is tho fountain of which speech and action aro tho streams—our life holds our thoughts in solution. Hence, St. Paul tells his Corin thians—who had a great fortress reared iu tho middle of their city that dominated it. so that whoever captured that mastered Corinth—that there was a fort within them selves that must bo captured for their Lord; and what was that? Their minds, their thinking. Grace must cast clown “imagina tions and every high tiling that cxaltetli it self against God, bringing into captivity every thought to tho obedience of Christ.” Wo must get the broad arrow of His king dom cut deep in our intellects. The cross must bo not only worn on our necks or our watch-chains,' but scarred deep into the brain; and not only profane thoughts, and blasphomous thoughts, -and foul thoughts, imt self-complacent thoughts, and silly thoughts, and iuie thoughts given up, and the peace of God must garrison both onr hearts and minds, not only in the love, but in tho knowledge and love of God. Of the seven gifts of the Spirit, the first two aro gifts for the mind—"the spirit of wisdom and understanding.” i.e., of right choice, and of insight. I don’t think we realise how much there is in the Bible about the part the mind plays in tho life spiritual. It is the fool that says there is no God. “O foolish ones, and slow of heart to believe!” said Jesus to His disciples. "Then opened Ho their under standing, that they might understand the Scriptures.” They had no religious insight without that. "How is it that ye do not understand?" "My people will not- consider.” The Bcreans “searched the Scriptures with all readiness of mind; therefore,” it add3. "many of them believed.” “Love the Lord with all thino heart and all thy mind." " I will put Sly laws in their hearts, ami in their minds will I write them. 1 ’ "The Spirit shall make him of quick understanding in the fear of the Lord." S'ou will never persuade others if you do not understand what you want to persuade them cf. Nothing in tho world will ripen you faster ill tho Christian life than disciplining your thoughts, both in the way of set study and meditation, and in the control of your casual thinking. “Cogito. ergo sum'VT think, there fore I am”), said the philosopher Descartes; Scripture, as we have seen, goes farther; "Quod cogito. id sum" (“As a man thinketh. eo is he”); we are juEt what we think about most. For what a vast proportion of life our thoughts cover. We are not always speaking or acting or feeling, but our minds are always engaged somehow—wo are always thinking' of something or another, unless asleep, and even then the mind weaves our dreams for us. Beuce, what a man thinks of determines his character even more than what ho says or does. But, beyond question, external spiritual in fluences havo much to do with our thinking. Satan put it into Judas' heart to betray, and into Ananias' to deceive. He even as sailed Christ with wicked suggestions, and in it likely he will leave us alone? Per con tra. the great tiling is to get our thoughts oiled bv God and the Holy Ghost. “Try me, and know niv thoughts.” prays David. “Cleanse tho thoughts of our hearts by the inspiration of Thy Holy Spirit.” “ Guard my first springs of thought and will,” i sings Ken— " If iu tho night I sleepless lie. My soul with heavenly thoughts supply." "His anointing teaclieth .vcu" how to think aright. Do you suppose tho Holy Spirit can not. or will not. do that for you. if you will only yield yourselves to Him? All this specially concerns Sunday tearh ors. because'thinking over their lesson be forehand is bo important to effective teach ing. Yet many teachers have very little time for set study, and what they should cultivate the habit of doing is. thinking about their scholars and about the subjects they want to impress on them at odd mo ments. Stephenson, the engineer, seemed al ways ready with instructions ill any emer gency, like ono inspired, because he made a rule of thinking over possible difficulties be forehand when he had nothing particular at tho moment to do. or when stupid people v.-ero twaddling around him. You can do a great deal of thinking in these chinks of leisure, if you try. And here, incidentally, let mo say liow greatly teachers will find it to their advantage to enter for the teachers' examinations. It will do more than Yen. havo any idea of to enrich, stimulate, and guide ycur thinking. Above all, fix your mind often oil Christ. Brooding over some particular thought is often found to bring a man's whole being into subjection to it. Thus, a gloomy soui will brood oil some fancied injustice or in sult till tho man comes at last even to mur der sonic one whom ho considers guilty of it; or dwell so constantly on the idea of self destruction as to tako his own life at last. On tho same principle, thinking much of ; tends to mould ns into likeness to Christ. St. Francis is said, by meditation, to have got stigmata, or marks of cruci fixion. on his hands and feet. How that could bo I cannot say. Popes certified it. but. it is infallibly certain that they arc not infallible. But I am sure that one who thinks much about Christ comes to bear a stamp of Him in all his words and ways. O may the Holy Spirit shell His unction on our heads, and consecrate all our thinking, onr study, onr lesson preparation. 11\. BUT OIL ON THE BREAST AND BODY. IVI [AT DOES THAT SUGGEST? Two things, again: and first (a) the enlist ment of tho Christian's heart and affections in tho service lie fulfils. Next to the head, tho breast: next to the mind, the heart. “Is thine heart right?" was a question well Svorth Jehu's pulling up his horses in full gallon to put to Joiiadab. son of Eechab. No effective servico for Christ, till the heart is thoroughly engaged. As well look for electricity from an uncharged jar, as expect much spiritual influence from a teacher till love has kindled in him; or its continuance, unless his interest in. and relish for, his work is kept keen and fresh. Have you not seen tha engineer insinuating his oil-can, with its long, tapering snout, into the very bowels of some laboring engine? What is he doing? Administering unction to its heart; lubricating tho bearings where friction might occur and make the machinery drag, or work amiss. But when an engine’s heart is kept well oiled, how merrily tho pistons leap, and tho cranks revolve, and the governor twists its balle. as though it played with them, and tho whole machine, like a live thing, docs its work as if it loved it. Oh. that sonio Christian workers could have their hearts oiled! Wo want teachers with relish for spiritual work: wo want hearts aglow; wo want "an unction from the Holy One” on the man’s taste3 and affections; oil that will make the lamp not only shine, but burn. May we not say, then, that warm-heartedness iii the re ligious teacher corresponds to the oiling of tho breast? Ah, what a power in the affections! Un disciplined, unconsecrated, unoiled by God’s Spirit, how they lead men and women to their ruin, making them influential only for each other’s harm. With that unction on them, how they provide us with a key to our fellow-creatures’ souls. “ Take my heart, and let it be Consecrated, Lord, to Thee!” should ho a prime petition of the teacher. But (b) the oil on the breast flowed over tho entire trunk and all the garments it wore, and scented them.. Not only warmth, but winningness in the personality of tbe teacher, will work wonders; and the holy anointing will teach him this. There is an unction of the personal influence, as well of our ■words. "We are a sweet savour of Christ,” says St. Paul, "making manifest the savour of His knowledge in every place.” Tako care. teacherß, what savour dif fuse, out of the class as well as in it. 'Bevond question, there is a winsomeness about a downright Christ-like character that will mako a teacher a winner of souls as mere clever lessons alone will never make him. You have read of the Queen of Sheba’s cru cial test of Solomon’s wisdom? She set be fore hime two flowers, one artificial and per fumed, the other natural, but both looking exactly alike; and bade him tell which was which. Solomon threw the window open, and tho bees came in and settled on the calyx of the true flower at once. There is a holy fragrance that can’t be shammed. “The shepherds that came before Me were thieves and robbers,” said Jesus, "but the sheep did not hear them.” Oh, to draw others to Christ, as ne has drawn us! You will never drive the souls of young or old to Him. They must be drawn. “ I will make you fishers of men,”— not hunters. Again and again have I met with instances in which it has been the holy personality of a teacher, rather than his clever teaching, that has been the leverage that ha3 lifted the scholar Godward; left traco behind for years after his particular lessons were forgotten; proved a tether that has fetched tho wandering scholar bac” to Christ at last. They say of the saintly Bishop of London, Erkenwald, that, when he died, the house was filled with perfume from roof-tree to basement; and that Mary Mag dalene’s gravo in France was discovered by tho aroma that hovered over it. Fancies, of course; such things belong to the ro mance, or poetry, of our religion, hut are sometimes tho quaint, out-of-date costume of imperishable truths. Oh, to bo diffusing in our circle, whatever it may be, the flavor of a holy ointment that no dead fly has been allowed to spoil! Oh, to perfume the air above our very graves with the infection of a holy memory! “ You may break, you may shatter, tho vase if you will. But tho scent of the roses will cling round it Etill.” 111\. BUT WHAT MAY THE UNCTION OF THE LIMBS BE TAKEN TO STAND FOR ? Well, tho limbs are tho-hetive part of the man. Tho head and trunk are a storehouse of energy which expresses itself in action through the extremities—tho arui3, tile hands, tho feet. Brain, and heart, thinking auu feeling, intellect and affections, are not everything. What are wo doing, and how aro we doing it? Thought and emotion yield no outward result till they determine the will to active exercise; and I take the unc tion of tho limbs to stand for the effect of grace on the practical resolves and outward activities of tno Christian worker. What did tho oil do for tho limbs? It lubri cated them—made them, it was thought, vigorous and nimble. Shall we say, then, that it betokens augmentation (1) of strength and (2) of speed, in God’s service? (a) Strength—power, intensity. The an cient athletes had great faith in anointing themselves for tho race or combat. They believed (whether rightly I leave experts to decide) that it invigorated the muscles. “1 tun anointed with fresh oil; He hath made tny feet like hart's feet; a bow of steel is broken by my arms,” says David. Doubtless thero is something in it. When my horses aro weary with toilsome journevs, and their joints go wrong, the horse doctor always supplies mo with some oil or another to rub them with. Our walls display huge ad vertisements of different patent oils for in firm patients. I am told they are most of them at bottom one and tile same in their ingredients; and I am sure there is only one thing that will lubricate and invigorate the limbs of the soul, and that is "the unction of the Holy One!” "God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with tho Holy Ghost and with power,” says St. l’eter; that happened at His baptism, to equip Him for His work. He went forth at once to grapple with the tempt er in tho wilderness, and came off con queror; and lo! when He returned, the Bap tist saw the Holy Ghost abiding on Him still! Oh, to go forth to our duty and temp tations, and have that Holy Oil glistening still upon us, unimpaired! Well, if Christ needed anointing for nis work, assuredly wo do! And in Him, and through Him, that anointing is already ours. (b) The oiling of the will is what wo need, so that that want of power, want of inten sity of purpose, that flabbiness, and limp ness, which -is the bano of Christian work ers. may pass from us. How feeble the will is, in spiritual things, with many Who have right thoughts or right desires. They want "ghostly strength,” as our Coiifirmatoir Ser vice calls it; resolve—decision, so as to do as well as believe and aspire. Firmness is lacking—strength to say "no” or "yes;” to resist the devil, to control self, to push oil and up along tho steep and narrow path of obedience. We want strength in our arms, that wo may grasp the Gospel plough with noth hands earnestly, not looking back; may smito strong blows for Christ, and fell tile trees of discouragement, and reap the har vest that beckons from God's field; strength in our feet, that we may walk and not faint. —aye. run on tho King's errands; strength in our knees, that wo may pray without ceasing; oil on our necks, that they may li> supple, and not stiff ami rebellious, under God’s chastening. All this, and more, is implied in the unc tion of the Christian's limbs. And tile anointed feet will never take him where lie cannot count upon his Lord's presence, nor tho anointed hand ever be put to work on which ho cannot expect the Master's blessing. "Confirmation'' means “strengthening;” it is tho ordinance of invigoration—the equip ping of the baptised, like Christ after His baptism, for the activo work and conflict of tho ampler lifo on which they are entering: and thero is no doubt that tile use of oil in this ordinanco is of great antiquity, espe cially in tlio East. What did unction at Confirmation mean? It meant the prayer, "Strengthen them. O Lord, we beseech Tiiee, with the Holy Ghost the Comforter, and daily increase in them Thy manifold gifts of grace." (c) Another thing unction of the limbs sug gests is, speed. If you want- to race your limycle, you oil it. Refreshment, revival, swifter action, seem to come to flic implica tion of oil. ' Oil all bearings” is the'order, when machinery is to be called upon for a higher rate of progress. When not oiled, it gets clogged, and does not respond promptly and steadily to the demand made upon it— tends to wearv and “slow down How often this happens with Christian workers! Swift and steady work is done at first, and then by degrees comes a falling off. Unimportant things are allowed to keep the teacher from liis class; lie is not punc tual in taking his seat, as he once was; not energetic and prompt in looking up the class, as ho used to be. "I made haste and de layed not.” was formerly Ills motto in his church work—it is so no longer. All! bo not weary in well doing, for we shall only reap if we faint not. “Run with patience.” But for this we want continual oiling. “They shall mil and not be weary” is promised by the prophet to waiters upon God. They will bo like wheels oiled"every moment.' Hew wonderful is the endurance, at high speed, of the horse or of the albat ross! God lias given to the one the marvel lous convoluted nostril, that distends, and nuts tho lungs into immediate contact with tho air. thus fully renovating tile lilood at every rapid inspiration; while the mighty wing of tho albatross enables it to sweep tho ocean solitudes in unresting (light for weeks and even months together. Does God tako care for beast anil bird, and leave our souls undowered with some contrivance for their continual re-invigorafion ? Nay; “They that, wait, on tho Lord shall renew their strength" is His word. Teachers, lose no time! Those children are sv.'iUlv crowing, and t'uo one early sowing time of their life's year is hurrying away. Tile deepest impressions for life arc made on. us between live and fifteen—the Sunday school age. Thai is the seed-time; aye, and in ooiiio sense the harvest-time as well, tor there is no more remunerative pastorate than that of tile young. “ 0 reaper, strong of limb and thew. Whom God would have strong work to do, Seest, thou tho ready harvest- stand. Whitening beneath thy sluggish hand? And fast and last the season flows— Put in thy sickle ere it- close." You don’t know what deep and incalcu lably important impressions you may be making on your class—even oil the seeming ly listless among them. I know, as an aging mail, from information received in after life, aa to impressions unconsciously produced ill tho past, how terribly I underestimated, as a yonng worker in Sunday school or parish, the coiisequenco of the work I was doing. If I had. estimated it more correctly, how much more eager and prompt 1 should have been in doing it. You remember the motto-word of St. Mark’s Gospel, tho Gospel that portrays Christ as the pattern worker—“Straitway.” It occurs incessantly. Wo never read that Christ said “I will consider of it.” We never find Him in a. hurry, indeed, lint never whiling away a single moment—never acting rashly, and therefore never apologising, but_ never pro crastinating; always straitened till His work was finished. Don’t talk about working for Him, or think about working for Kim, but go and work! First thoughts, not second thoughts, are best in mat ters of duty. “What thou doest. do quickly." “I must work the works or Him that sent Me, while it is day,” said the Lord—“the night ccineth.” Oh, to do the dav's work always in it3 day! Oiling : thc liiiiba, then, means strength and speed, power, and promptness. The head, tho breast, tlie limbs: we want them aU anointed in the successful teacher dignity and discernment, warmth and win liihgr.ess, strength and snesd. Christian teacher, gather up your whole self in it3 entirety, and dedicate it afresh to-night, hero and now, to Christ’s sweet ser vice among tlio lambs of His flock. And from the Lamb of God may the Dove of God glide down upon you all, to fit you for it. 