WIT AND HUMOR Happiness Is itke a kitten's tail-hard 'to catch; but there's plenty of fun In chasing it. Tommy: '"Pa, what is a pessimist?" fMr Figg: "He is a man who of two evils prefers beth." Tom: "What are the relations between you and Miss Cavendish?" Jack (gloom ily): "Her father and her mother." He (cautiously): "What would you say, 'darling, If I should ask you to be my wife?" Darling: "Ask me and find .out," Constance: "What lovely embroidery! And do you also paint?" Violet: "No, dear, I often envy you that accomplish ment." Biggs: "Is that Ir. Cobb's wife with him on the tandem?" - His Friend: "Cer tainly. Can't you.see she is doing all the -ork." "Less than a year ago," she mused, "he said ht- would lay down his life for me, and now he won't even put up the window blinds" "It is well to leave something for those who come after us." as a man said who threw a barrel in the way of a constable who was chasing him. 'He: "We cannot sit on this bench. It Is freshly painted." She: "If you were -really in love, as you say. you are, you would never have noticed the paint." Professor (to his wife): "I never know hlow to take you, Amelia. Two years ago you were dying for that hat, and now I've bought it you don't like it at all!" "I wonder," said the superficial student, "'wlhy so many wwomen fall to marry?" "I haven't asked them," answered the young man who carries a pocket mirror. Mir Sappy: "Smart? Why, she has bwtains enough for two, Miss MIawy." She: "Has she? Then she is just the girl you ought to marry, Mr Sappy." "Why do you pay visits in the morn inl?" ".Why, all the other women are busy in their houses, and it Is so funny to see them try to appear glad to see -me." "I cannot understand ze language," said the despairing Frenchman. "I learn how to pronounce ze word 'hydrophobia,' and zen I learn zat ze doctors sometimes pronounce it fatal!" Ikey: "Please, farder, give me a penny for icecreamn, I am so hot." Father: "Ikey, mein shon, dat is a vaist of money. I vili tell you a line ghost shtory dat vill make your blood run cold." "A, horse ran away with my brother yesterday, and he'll be laid up for two months." "Yes? Well, I know a fellow Twho ran away with a horse yesterday, and he'll be laid up for two years." Her Mother: "I think that :Mabel has a slight leaning towards this young MIr :Smith." Her Father: "Slight? Great Scott, woman, you ought to have seei them on the front doorstep last night!" Young Lady: "How much?" Telegraph Clerk: "Sixpence." "For that one word?" "Yes. Same charge for twelve words, or less. You can repeat the 'Yes' six times if you Wish." "Um-no that wouldn't look well. It is an answer to a proposal of marriage." Young Husband: What is it, darling ? Do you want some money? Young Wife: Yes; but I won't take any from you, dear, because you told me you badent much at the bank. If you'll write five pounds on one of those little pieces of pink paper, I'll take it to the butcher and get the money. He can afford it better than you, dearest. The other day a lady went into a shop and asked if they sold a cure for corns. The young man said no, but he could give a recipe his mother often told him of, and he said. "Get some cheese and uoast it,rub it on the corns, and if there are any mice in the room they will come and nibble them off." 