SYLVIA'S LAST STORY. (PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.) ' By GERTRUDE ATHBRTON, Author of "The Doomswonian," "Patience trliawk," &c.;, &S.; \ ' — V : (COPYRIGHT.?' . \ Sylvia Hunt had been bom In San Fran- Civco, reared in San Francisco, was a gradu ate J the San Francisco High School; except forVjuef excursions to the seaside or farms to qscape the cold winds of midsummer for a little, she had never been out of the cltv. The country as depicted 011 Jhe scenes of the theatres was far more -Intimate In her mind than any of the marvels of her State. Find- ing that she was obliged to supp'ort herself and her mother almost comcldcntally with 'graduation, sho deterliiijied to become a newspaper woman. She haunted the office of , the "Searcher" until the city editor gave her ' an assignment, "to get rid of her," as he ex pressed It; but in reality because he knew the 'value of tenacity In a reporter. Since then she Had interviewed murderers In their cells, political bosses, society women, ex-Inebri ates, who had taken the Keely cure, paid bi weekly visits to the morgue in search of "stories," had. altogether, developed hor na tural Intrepidity, anil a stylo that was the \- pride of Pacific Coast Journalism. She whit tled her stories to a point, had a startling lollehtlon of adjectives, kept humour and .lathos'in stock, the former of which she used with liberality, the latter with artistic econ omy, and could work up as dramatic n cli max as any gifted maker of tales. In time she became the most noted newspaper wo man of hor State, signed her contributions, and received a large salary. Small wonder then that she was chosen for one of the most romarkable assignments upon which a news paper had ever sent a reporter. The State had been agog for a year over a series of the boldest tram robberies that had ever been enacted within its famous bouu- duries. Four times the eastern-bound train passing over the southern route had been he'd up by masked men and despoiled of Us thou sands; but only two months since had the crime been fastened on Jim Bennett, a well- known citizen of Bakorsfield, and grape- farmer In a small way. He was arrested, after the wounding of tho sheriff and one ,-f his assistants, and the killing of another, and locked up. Ho broke gaol the same night, and was known to be hiding in the Sierras. Four search parties had gone ufter him. Two had struck his trail and followed It to the foot bf a bare and solitary peak on the apex ot which was a log cahin. Through a lleid- glnss they had distinctly seen Mr. Bennett sauntering about smoking a pipe. As .there tvas no brush to conceal the approach of the enemy, the first party had merely returned 10 ; ' IhUccl-sfield ajid reported. The second party, re more keen for glory, had ventured half-way 'lup. led by Tom Harkness, the most fearless : sheriff in .Southern California, and been dls- astrously routed by Mr. Bennett and his loyal 'friends — several of whom had followed him In- to exile — who lay at full length behind a felled redwood, ahd fired leisurely between pipes and 'chaws." The governor was considering the advisability of ordering out the militia, when the State was startled by a fifth tram-rob bery,, at which a haul of twenty-thousand dollars was made, and at ivhieli Mr. Bennett qfilciated without tho formality of a mask, an l sent his com dments to the est cormorants who ira-mi .lie railroad aud were the est thieves thin. ver went unhung. "Theyli have the militia out now, sure's late." saw tr.e city editor of the "Searcher," xht- men log after the robbery. "They may give 'J'orr knees one more chance, but that's ail..'.' -iil.1- sto .'ing to his feet, his eyes Hashing i-wti j t.h 1 in- uslasm of his ilk when the out- i'-lln.-y it, 'great story" spring from the imug- \- Jr. nil or.. "We'll have an Interview with. ; Beimel t! We must have an Interview with i "-Bennett! The 'Searcher's' out of sight now; a sc up like that and she'd be the monarch or .Radio Coast Journalism without any udver- \- tlsliiii" - _ - . - | Tw ' young mon who were writing at desks. j.-dUne rapidly forward; but Sylvia Hunt ran t pa.M hem and planted herself squarely before ; "th e., liter. rant sho said decidedly; "nnd I can si v .eed I. re a man would be sure to fall, il T'i i?y v.-::, ): never let a man up that peak Jii'iiSi, li t - tey won't fire on a woman." 1 f ' jiv-. 1 u ivr did not reply for a moment, al- .l;ti-i»U8h hi-, eyes flashed again. After all, Hi--:! 1,(0! 1 gentleman, he was a man, and |.- 2ii.il, ii. a ' imote brain-cell, an Infinitesimal jj .j'i u ym at the instinct of protection of the : (imii y c.'or too female. One of the volunteer- ! iin: i-eiiorttr., gave a short laugh and turned ' |ou ; 'S heel. The other reddened and bit his SI J .! 1 r- . H- v-.s a tall young man with a pale '--i'- - slight stoop— a college graduate a 110 1.' . 1 man on the city staff. lie did I not look 1. the city editor; his eyes were 1 fixed on Miss Hunt. . "Well?" demanded Sylvia, with a slight '' stamp of the foot, "what are you hesitating about ? 1 am going, of course. I'm ihe only person on the paper that has the ghost of ,' -a show; and I- suppose you're not caleulat- . ing on a failure?" ' "No, I'm not," replied the editor, bluntly. .; "You can have it. It's ten o'clock. Go home -jand get what you want, and come buck here ' for Instructions. You'll take the 12.30 train. : I'll telegraph to Bukersfield to have a guide ; ready-' for you." p.. Sylvia left the room Immediately. The 5 ,young man followed and stopped lier In the n corridor. I. "Well?" she said, colouring, and turning her head aside. "1 know what you're going to say, but I'm going, and I haven't time. ; to talk about it." "I have no hope of dissuading you," he said. "I merely want to say that I am going 1 .with you." "You're not going to do anything of tlie kind. Do you think I shall have the edge ! 1 taken off my scoop like that? I'll tell the y C.E. not to allow it." ' "I shall go with you If I have to resign : from the paper.. Ab far as your scoop Is con- cerned, no one need know that I am with you except the C.E. The others will think I j am oft for a. vacation." 1 "Oh, bother!" Miss Hunt tossed her head LJ and walked away; but Blie coloured again. ?, Sylvia; a. guide known as Hickory Pete, and 1 John Harrison, "crack" reporter of the San CvFranclsco "Searcher." were slowly ascend- ( -lng the foothills of the Sierras on horseback, vpusliig the long ride south on the train, and Mthe drive rto the foothills, Miss Hunt had re- Kfused to converse with her knight; but as tho 1?. majeqtlc redwoods closed abcrut them, their foprlmeval silence unbroken by the rustle of f ttheir topmost leaf three hundred feet above, fJnot a lVvlug thing at play In the green rrag- Krajit depths of their under world, the great I wAM'Of the American maiden deserted her for flKh'qi first time in her life! Awed and frlghten- flb'd. ske pushed her horse close to Harrison's.- ffl'.Hc understood perfectly — he had spent days Wand nights 'In the redwoods alone. "You will Bltke- it presentlSy," he sald;"'one always feels «ihat way at flnst. , That was one reason why Ml! wanted to come with yoil." (B . Shei shook .Iter head decidedly. "I am a Sehlld of the pavementB," Bhe said. "I like the llrush and the hurry, the thousand sensations that are crowded into a city— that you feel are there, evdri If they don't come your way. "But,'.':'She added, with a charming smile, "I like you much better here, somehow, than I did In townf" ' if ./'Thbre'lsf a chance for companionship here ffl— of really/finding each other', out." SH : "Dear, -lie! , I wonder if yidu will like me .Jwh'eniypn find me out? I have heard society j'glrls cdjnplain that -the men they had lilted t most, d&rlbg.the; winter: were worsfe than nood- p les lnrthe country. ' Perhaps -I won't 'sustain' i myself, as the short story writers say, when v they/want to write a novel." |'i:,Slfa (was; a brown-halved girl, with keen f (eyes of the greenisa-grw" hue so often seen In iliCallfochlae , Her .complexion was somewhat iaworn,;her nose tilted, per morath was ravlsh- l:\lngly-nretty, "her chip' square! Two-thirds of ISjLh'o men , In. .the office were In love with her, Ijljiut she gave them small (heed. Harrison Rtloolted. at her , witty something of tenderness Mpmcthhig of : triumph— he i knew his advan- y Ti Y wore riding along 4n 'silence. Sylvia's-. f-Fliead was thrown back: 'she Was gazing up' 9 I o t.he rigid Interlaced ajrms of -the redwoods it) h mil red -fbetl above i'hcr head, through which the sunrays trickled faintly. There .was a hideous yell,' 11 rush ot incredible rapi dity, and something sprung at Sylvia's horse, throwing him back on his hauuehes. Almost simultaneously there was the report of a pistol, and something dropped with a thud to the ground. "Well done," young man," exclaimed Pete, who was some little distance behind. He spurred his horse and reached them almost immediately. "It's a wild cat — and a rattling big one. You're a good shot, mister, and you've got a cool head for a city gent." Sylvia was very pale, hut she looked at Harrison with quite a new regard, She had hardly considered him In the light of a man before, little more than an able mentality connected with the city staff. But It Boemed suddenly to expand, and Sylvia remembered that once, when sho was very young and green, she had had an Ideal. She felt an unwonted shyness, and turned to Hickory Pete. '"Do you think Bennett Is sure to ho there?" she asked. "Tol'rnble sure, mum. Ho takes It fur granted, that thoy think he's skedaddled over the border, and after ho Interviews you, or you him, hoggin' your pardon, he'll git,. I rec kon. There won't bo nothln' olso fur him to do. And I ain't sorry. He's been wise to stay fur somo things, but it's time fur him to git now." "Whore will he go— to Mexico?" "I reckon that's about the size of It. There ain't no place else, 'cept Canady. I wish he was tliar— I wish he was. But they're watch ing tho border. It's pretty risky." Sylvia wished that another wild cat would appear that she might feel that glow about her heart again. But nothing broke the pro found stillness" of the forest but tlie wind sighing through the treo-tops and tho low roar of the creek. At night they built a huge fire in a clearing on the high bank of tho creek, and cooked their supper. You've been here before, young man," said Pete, admiringly. "I never o't better cooked Bteak and flapjacks than these." "I spend all my vacations In the moun tains," replied Harrison. After supper he and Sylvia wandered along the bluff, then into tlie forest. Sylvia had never known that anything could he so still. Even the wind slept. Harrison talked to her of everything but the office, and Bhe was ready to forget Its existence. She had never believed that she, Sylvia Hunt, tlie concen trated essence of modernity, could feel as if she wanted an evening In a dark, quiet red wood forest never to end. Harrison did not make love to her. He knew how sweet the slow awakening Is to a woman; and he, too, was content to wait. He told her something of the wonders of the forest, and made her kneel and listen to the low murmur ot the night world. Then he talked to her of his favourite authors und poets, aud Sylvia realised that there were other tilings that she had missed besides love. "I will read when 1 go back," she said, eagerly. "I am a terrible little Ignoramus, but I'll subscribe to -the Mercantile Library, and you will write out a list for me, won't you?" "I will lend you my books. I have a good many:" "I am a child of the hour, of the moment," said Sylvia, more and more ' discontented with herself. "It nearly killed me to study history at school, or anything connected with the pasft. I remember a school friend came buck from a 'trip td England a year or so ugo, and she told me with delight that she'd seen the very window out of which Charles I. had walked to be beheaded. I asked her who Charles -I. was, and she wns shocked — she'd betft a great history scholar. But I told her 1 didn't care whether I knew or not: that a newspaper woman's place was right here In the NOW. But perhaps one might have time for two sides," "You have missed a good'deal," he Bald ten derly. "But. you are. a child yet. .Come, you must go back now. We have a hard day to morrow, and you must get a good night's rest." When he reached the camp he saw that the blankets she waB to sleep on were comfort ably arranged. "If you are frightened in the night, you must call me," he said. "But Pete and I shah watch alternately. Nothing will hurt you." "Altogether," thought Sylvia, as Bhe stretch ed herself out on her side of tho fire, "I'll be en-gaged before I get back. And It will be those redwoods that will have done It. The huge, motionless things seem to keep saying to, me: 'Be serious, Sylvia; be serious.' And I should like to know what is more serious than matrimony— even with our divorce < laws." And then, to lier unutterable surprise, she burst Into tears. They were two days reaching the famous peak. Hickory .Pete, who' had lived his life time in the mountains, killed ' Innumerable bears and several men, served .his term twice, and was notoriously a friend of Bennett's, re galed Harrison and Sylvia with thrilling yarns of his manifold adventures, as they slowly climbed the trails, or sat round the fire at meals. They did not meet another human being, nor did they see another beast. Sylvia had read of such experiences, but un believingly. She felt as if she were In a new world, on another planet, where the atmos phere was green under Interlacing boughs In forest depths, whore no one existed but them selves; and always, somewhere, there was a low roar of water. She lost tho thread of Pete's tales, falling into reverie; of what sho scarcely knew. On tho second night she and Harrison walked again Into the forest, and this time she talked eagerly of herself, telling liim of her childhood and early girlhood; then made liim tell her of his own life. Although he had drawn her hand through Ills arm, he made no attempt to caress her; but- thoy felt very clOBe together.- When Sylvia went, to lied she felt very happy; but Sylvia was still Sylvia, and Bhe could not forbear a humorous observation. j « ' "I am almost ready to admit that men are really cleverer than women," she thought "Certainly, ho knew what he was about when he came along." I They were at the toot of the peak. Pete v/as making Sylvia Anndwiohes, and giving lier advice. ... "Be sure you look as If yer sympathised with Jim,',' he said, "pis's powerful keen on sympathy. And If yoh air shocked at his havln taken what ain't Ifis'n, don't let off fer the world; He's powerful sensitive, Is Jim. If you could look as If yer thought he was powerful, ' brave, and - clever, that ud go a long way. All folks has their ' peculiarities, and it's a grand thing to know just whero they lie when yer have to tacklo them. Well, s'long. It's ten o'clock." ' Harrison turned' pale, but he wisely made no attempt to detain her; she was not a wo man to turn back with purpose unaccom plished. "Promise that you will fire your revolver, If you" feel that you have tho least cause to be frightened," he said. Sylvia nodded. She did not look at him, nor did she feel like talking. Harrison and Peto withdrew into- tho brush. There was no necessity for this formality as far as Pete was concerned, but Sylvia was determined to have the glory of invading the robber's den alone. She began the ascent slowly, for It was very steep. She did not look back, lest she should betray the fact that a word would bring her down with a run. . Half way up she paused to rest. She sat down on a burnt stump, and, as neither of/hev protectors had a. field-glass, permitted - her gaze to wander, downward to the hiding- place of the man jvho had been hr. constant companion for the past two dad's, -and held possession of - her dreams by night. She heaved a great sigh, . . "It's, no use." shf thought. ."I'm In love. I'll be -married two months from now. An other good paper woman gone wrong. The bqss will be furious. It's these redwoods." They were set thick on a vast expanse of peak waves. Below, their spikeB rose from the canon where her lover fumed. Mr. Ben- liett lia'd chosea this mount, burnt bare by fire, not only because no enemy could- ap proach unseen, but bpctume It -was blistered for hours at a time by tho solar rays. "Which is good for my rheumatics," he had announc ed In one of his bulletins, "I like tho sun, and never could abide damp. Here /I'll stay until I'm ready to quit the country, and I'l. make It a sight hotter than the sun foi anybody that conies up here without bein' Invited." Sylvia was two weary hours climbing tho peak, l'ote had admonished her to hold her- sulf straight, to "take it ousy," and to "come down on the flat of hor foot." But Sylvia boing a woman, nnd versed In Btalrs, leaned forward and Svalked on hor toes. Conse quently she had a backache for the first time In her life. And Bhe was lonesome and liun-> gry, and the terrible silence and grandeur of tho seeno sent her to tho verge of tears. But when she neared tho orcst, and saw tho tall familiar figure of Mr. Bennett— lils wife had boen moBt generous in tho matter of photo graphs—standing In front of the cabin door, his hands in his pockets, regarding her with manifqst disapproval, her spirits and lier new sense flared together. She nodded blithely, accelerated her steps, and reached his level In a few moments, , "Good morning, Mr, Bennett," she said, at If her call were the most natural thing in the world. "Well," lie said, "what do you want?" "May I sit down and oat my sandwiches on tills stone? How glad I am to be on a fiat place again. I suppose you will accept these credentials?" She handed him a note from lils wife, bought with a round sum by the San Francisco "Searcher," In whicn the bold highwayman was petitioned to glvo tho bear er an interview. Bennett's face softened. He put the letter tenderly inside his coarse flannel shirt. His face was almost entirely covered by a short red beard, each h-alr of which seemed to bristle with angry fire. His lialr was long and uncombed. The, defiance In his deeply- set, hard blue eyes was almost wild. Ho was not a soothing presence to encounter In the wilderness, but Sylvia was afraid of nothing under heaven but tarantulas. She had glanced about carefully; there were no little round hales covered with white film. The door of tho cabin stood open. Two men, as uninviting In appearance as their chief, were snoring loudly on tho floor. "So you be a newspaper woman," remarked Bennett: "Well, you ure gritty, and 1 like that. I ain't no particular objection to glvin' the 'Searcher' an Interview, but tney must want one pretty bad when they send a deli cate little woman like you after one. Ain't you got no folier to look after you?" Sylvia blushed rosily. "I suggested that you would never let a strange man come up here alive." "You may bet your bottom dollar on that." "But what I was going to say was, that the 'Searcher' does wunt ah interview, Y'ou are the great sensation of the day. A presiden tial election could not diminish the interest of the public .in the greatest train-robber of the age." Pete had not overrated Mr. Bennett's van ity. A smile forced its way through the thicket of hair which altered tlie outlines of his bony countenance. "So," lie said. "So I'm a hero?' Well, I'm sorry the law don't look at it that way and let me go In peace. I've got eighty-flvo thousand dollars In that there cabin, and much good It will do mo un til I kin git to Canada or Mexico, where I kin send for my family and live in quiet and comfort." "You are not alone here, I see, Mr. Bennett." "Oh, no, I've got two friends Inside asleep, and two more are over on that there moun tain liuntln' deer. My friends have stood by me; and they'll have their reward, .not In the nr-xt world, but in this;. I've given them a thou, dnlece." "Of course generosity is a part of your bold nature. It Is no use, I suppose, to ask you your Immediate plans?" "Well, no, It ain't. When the time comes to leave I'll leave. Ive got my spies as well as the law. Meanwhile, I've got live rifles, and plenty of ammunition to hold the fort." "I hope you'll get off safely, Mr. Bennett; indeed I do. I am sure you need the money muoli more than the people you — took It from." "That's what I thought when I swiped It," replied Mr. Bennett placidly. "If I could only make a haul of several millions outen the U.S. Government, now, I'd be livtn' In a palace on the Nob Hill, San Francisco, with out nothln' to disturb my peace of mind, but an occasional dig In the "Searcher;" 'but as my opportunities are limited, and I've only been able: to git away with eighty-five thou, in a hull year— by a long sight squarer me thod—I'm treated like any common or'n'ry burglar. However, It's 110 use grumblin'; you can't .make the world over. Luckily there be other places besides Callforny. I'm sorry to leave Callforny, though. It'O pretty. It's pretty." "I'm so sorry your grape-farming'wasn't a success, Mr. Bennett," said Sylvia, ' with genuine sympathy; she thought him very in teresting. "Then you would not have been so tempted." ' He snorted. "It wasn't tempted so much I was as mad. I'd like to know what farmer has. any chances these days, when Callforny's been stuffed Inside an Iron skeleton of rail roads? You raise a good crop. It ain't worth your while to ship it to 'Frisco, much less 10 the States, because the freight's so heavy it eats' up more'n the profits. So I thought I'd make a fool Qf the railroad, and better my self by the way. -And I have made a fool of them!" He doubled his hairy fist, and shook it in the air; the blood blazed under lils wea ther-beaten skin. ' ."I only wish I could have got a show at old Partington. I'd have made him so heavy with lead,- they'd have had to liuve six extry pall-bearers." "Do you think that killing the owner of the railway would remedy the evil, Mr. Bennett?" Sylvia, fortunately, had a memory Indepen dent' of notes," and had succeeded In placing the outlaw, quite at his case. "It would be' satisfactory; and it might set people to thlnkln' a little. But if I don't do it some one else will. That's what let's me sleep o' nights.", "Now, Mr. Bennett, I'm going to aslt you to let me sketch you. Of course, we've had your ' pnotograpli, but so have all the papers; and wo want something exclusive— and a sketcn from here, Just think what a triumph for the 'Searcher!' You don't mind, do you? I really draw quite nicely; I took all the prizes at school, and have taken a special course since, for purposes of newspaper Illustration, It udds so to one's Income." "I don't know as I do mind. You're a plucky little Woman, and I respect you. P'r'aps you'll tell all the news, I don't see the papers too often." . "Indeed, I'll te\t you everything you want to " know. Sit' .' there— please — against the cabin. It will make such an' appropriate background. I wish I could get a tow red woods In, but I'm not equal to that." For an hour Sylvia sketched and' chatted. The man listened with deep Interest for a time then his eyes closed. The woman's presence, her soft voice, the novel visitation, soothed his eternal vigilance, and he drifted unresistingly Into sleep. Sylvia did not mind. She had al ready done his eyes and mouth — what she could see of- the last; she worked on steadily at tlie bold outline and violent liair. Sudden ly there was a rift In her absorption; through it filtered the consciousness that the Intense silence about hor was disturbed. She drop ped her pencil and listened Intently. .Then she looked up at the redwoods; they wore motionless. She rose to hor feet and ran hound- to tho back of the house. A company of militia was Within two hundred yards- of the top. She bounded back and flung herself on Ben nett "They are coming!" she cried to the dazed man. "The militia! They are crawl ing up the baek of the hill! They are almost here!" He sprang to his feet with an oath, and lift ing her by the shoulders made a motion as if to fling her down the mountain. "You've given mo away!" he screamed, with a volley of oaths. : 'I might have, known It. But I'll settle with you after!" He nan her Into the cabin, mado .a hurried explanation to the two men who wero sitting up, staring about stupidly, and barricaded the door and window. Sylvia had sense enough to make no protest. . She retired to a corner of the small dirty, room, resolved to make her self as small as: possible;- and at the first chance to slip out and run down the peak. It was some time before she realised her dan ger.-,' , '-, f- ' The noise outside grew louder. Through a small chink between the logs she saw the men swarm up. Tom' Harkness 'came forward and formally d.emarided the surrender of Ben nett. The three prisoners made no reply, 110 sound. They stood with tlielr rifles at their shoulders. Sylvia looked at their set indomi table faces and thrilled with the response of woman to man's brute courage. : With all her soul she hoped thoy would wln> or, that -being impossible, that they had some .secret me- thod of escape. She glanced about with her 1 sharp trained eyes. There was no sign of nil underground passage. It was a Bmall. square room, built directly on the ground. In one corner was a bunk, covered with a filthy pulah mattrefis. Against tho wall was a pile of straw and blankets where the "friends" slept. In another a heap of sacks, through the rough meshes of which was a gleam of yellow. Harkness repeated Ills demand. Again no answer. In another moment there was a rush against the door. It stood firm, although the cabin shuddered. Bennett applied Ills eye to a' hole beside the door. He removed It, Inserted the muzzle of Ills rifio and fired. There was an ugly scream without, then a volley from every side. There were five small round holes In the cabin. From three of these the outlaw and his friends did deadly work. Sylvia realised her peril. The redwood logs or which the cabin was built were soft and thick, and the balls from without had so far ploughed their way indifferently; as yet not one hud entered, und groans of pain and screams of rage were multiplying without, but at any moment a ballot might splinter through a weak place — and Sylvia bo the vic tim! She glanced about desperately. There was no refuge but under that appalling mat tress 011 the bunk. Rather a thousand deaths, ulu- deelded. She dropped fyom the box on which she had been sitting, and huddled down into the corner, believing that no. bullet cou)d , reach lier unless the m-en fired on their kne<3s. She put lier hands to her knees and tried to calculate how long it would take Harrison to reach the top of the peak. Of course he would si art at tho first shot. She decided that she would marry on the following day if ho wished it, and have a man to protect her for the rest of her life. Tho firing ceased. There was another rush for the door: then another. It creaked horri bly. strained, began to give. Bennett reloaded and fired steadily, picking his men. A bril liant ray of light appeared between the door and the casement. "Will you give in now?" shouted Hark ness, Bennett made no reply. "Get a muzzle iu that opening!" cried the captain. "What's that door made of?" But Bennett's rifle was already -there. An other man screamed. Then the company without ivas transformed Into a yelling, curs- I115, frantic mob. Their pride was Ii the dirt; nnd no one knew whose turn It would be next. They formed I11 a solid body and made another lush. Bennett had refastcned the door, but It gave again. The strip of light was wider than before. And Sylvia was oblivious. Her staring eyes were fixed 011 a tiny round hole In tlie ground not three Inches from her. Something dark and elastic was rising from It. It bulged up slowly, ithls thing without apparent head— or legs. What were those objects that sud denly appeared to prop that enlarging excres cence In generous profusion? The body acce lerated its movements It rose higher. - It dragged eight long hairy legs after 4t. Sylvia leaped to her feet with a piercing shriek, and flinging herself on Bennett, knocked the gun out of his hand. "A tarantula!" she gasped and fainted. And before lie could recover himself the door was down and six men were -holding film while the officers of tho law slipped the handcuffs on h'.s wrist, and the boot on his leg. When Sylvia recovered she was -In tho open. Several of the wounded soldiers were milking litters with which to bear their wounded brethren in comfort for many weary miles. The rest of ithe company were marching down the hill, a man of great physique and an air of utter hopelessness limping painfully in their midst. Still farther down Sylvia saw two men approaching as rapidly as was pos sible on that steep ascent. It was a moment be fore her mind was quite clear. As the Inst leaf of lier memory opened she sprang to her feet and examined her skirts for a lurking taran tula. He was not to be found, and she looked In the window/of tho cabin. More fortunate than Bennett he was retreating Into his under ground cave. Sylvia drew a profound sigh of relief and went over to succour the woundec. That day's event made a great story on the first page of the "Searcher," but It was Sylvia's last. The End. 