TEE PHILIPPINES. Papers to hand by this week's English mail throw a good deal of 'light on the telegram which informed us of the ravages made by disease in the ranks of the American army of occupation in the .Philippines, of the discouragement of .the troops, and their complaints that they have been' badly handled, and of the? telegram to-day an nouncing the dispatch of 17,000 Ameri can ** volunteers for the islands. The New York correspondent of the London 'Daily News,' telegraphing some six weeks ago, said ? that the news from the Philip pines was causing much depression. It was regarded as foreshadowing an early call for vo lunteers, because it amounted to a confession that it would be impossible to establish American supremacy without more troops. This is the more important, because it will be remembered that a telegram published in the 'Evening News' of Thursday, gave an oflScial statement that .the out lying islands iu the Philippine Group would offer no resistance, after Aquinaldo had been subdued in Luzon. The United States Government, there fore, has evidently been hoping that a settlement with Aquiaaldo would be reached, and thus a call for volunteers avoided,- and the harmful poli tical consequences of such a call escaped. Rely ing on this hepe, it had virtually drained the States of reguiar troops. The full strength of the regular army of the United Srates is now 25 regiments of infantry, 10 cf cavalry, and 7 of artillery. .Of these there were six weeks ago in the Philippines 13 regiments of infantry, and four others were ordered to go, two regiments of artillery, and one of ? cavalry. There were in Cuba six regiments of infantry, one of artillery, and four of cavalry ; and in Puerto Rico one -of infantry, one-third of artillery, and one of cavalry, leaving in the United States only one regiment of infantry, three and two- fifths of artillery, and four cf cavalry. The forces in Cuba and Puarto Rico are as small as it is possible to maintain with safety. There ha.£ been for some time in the United States much uneasiness about the small force of regular troops remaining there, and it will be impossible to send any more to the Philippines. A call for volunteers appeared in evitable,, and while it, therefore, was likely to be met without great difficulty, the unpopularity of the step, indicating as it would that the struggle in the Philippines was likely to be indefinitely prolonged, was much dreaded. by the President and his advisers. A terrible domestic tragedy is reported from In dia. Captain Edgar Assheton Iremonger, of the Durham Light Infantry, stationed at Poona, elop ed with the wife of a railway engineer named Gregory. The husband pursued the guilty couple to Bombay, where be shot Iremonger, killed his wife, and then committed suicide. This is quite a .Kipling story in real lite. In nearly all Kip ling's books there is £ome tale touching upon the ?too lively proceedings of ladies who are spending summer in the Hills, while their husbands are sweltering over duty in the plains, and even the philosopher Mulvahey, though mostly concerned with tte joys, woes, and adventures of his com rades of the rank and file, gives several hints at this ticklish subject, which is touched upon also in various ballads; instance 'The Story of Uriah:' Jack Barrett n-ent to Quetta Because they told him to. He left his wife at Simla, - , On three-fourths his monthiv screw. ' Jack Barrett died at Quetia Ere the next month's pay he drew. ' \- Jack Barrett went to Quetta, ' And there gave up the ghost: Attempting two men's duty In that very healthy post; And Mrs. Barrett mourned for him - ' Five lively months at most. Jack Barrett's bones at Quetta Enjoy profound repose; But I shouldn't be astonished If now his spirit knows The reason of his transfer From, the Himalayan snows. The butcher of the Miowera had an unpleasant experience the other day. Being in charge of a dog wfiiich naturally took to the man who fed him he went ashore for a stroll, and the dog followed him. Per that run ashcre the fine, under the ste-n glare cf the Customs inspector-, he had to psy was ten pounds. On the face of it the fine looks in tolerant, but considering hew much we have al ready suffered from the unauthorised importation cf suck things as Bathurst burr, rabbits, lanteena, etc., one cannct blame the Customs officials for being particular about dogs. There has ijesn much discussion as to whether hydrophobia would sur vive a long eea trip, but until the matter is scien tifically eettled we may presume that the law is right in the matter. It seems hard, nevertheless. 