\------ TUMBARUMBA. (By Paddy Mellin) To keep pace with the many kinds of amusements that have been assailing us of late one would require to have a nice steady little income, and 'twouldn't re- quire to be a very "little" income either. The Presbyterian convers*zione, the Payne family of bellringers and the Catholic concert were tree items that sought our pecuniary assistance almost of a heap a while since. For a change, on Wednesday last, I bied me to Cherry Hill, where a concert was being celebrated there in aid of the local cricket club. Tumbarumba was well represented. I think more than half of the antendees hailed from here. Mr Shannon was chairman, and smoothed the way for each performer. The first to fare us was Master P. Shannon at the piano with "The Maiden's Prayer" I fancied the piano wanted a rouch of the tuning fork. Miss Lucas sang "When you and I were young, Maggie" for which we gave her an ap preciative cheer. Mr. T. Bell recited "Going to a public dinner." He per formed splendidly and we screeched in approbation, Mr. Grimmond playd up on the accordion and sang "Dot little German Band." He played well, and was cheered and encored. Mr. Harry Bell told us "How to run a public school". He acquitted himself well, and pro- voked laughter and applause. Mr. Fos0 ter sang "Flannigan, the Lodger." Our verdict this time was "very funny, very good." and we roared accordingly Mr. Mount recited "Kissing Cup's race." and did it justice. Mr. Adams sang "Ben Bolt,' and pleased his adience. Mr. W. Bell then recited "The Troubled Dutchmen." Mr. Mount sang "Pumpty Tum" and the audience cherished beauti fully. The same performer also contributed "Knowledge very useful," "Flumity Flum," and "Sister Maria Jane Maria," and we all reckoned if our jells were indicative of anything, that averaging up his effort, he did very well. A funny little piece of capering was per formed by Messrs F. and J. Bell entitled "Handy Handy on the trouble- some servant." If Samuel Lover's Handy Andy was as great a piece of human blunder as was Cherry Hill's able "Handy Andy," - well then I dunno what to say. Mr Shannon recited "The Spirit of Contradiction," and Mr Grimmel again faced us with the accordeon. Mr. Foster sang us "Is that you Riley," some seemed to appreciate it very much and in response he gave another item. Mr. Adams favoured us with "Lanigan's Ball." The ninteenth contribution was a musical selection by Master P. Shannon. Tho concluding item was a farce entitle "Which shall I marry." The characters were Mr. T Bell, as "Nailem Tight"; Mr. Harry Bell's assumed name was, I think "Agustine." Miss Lucas was "Maggie Moon. Each performer fullfilled his respective part excellently. Thus ended The Cherry Hill concert, and I'm well satisfied at what I got for my two "bob". On Saturday Inft the local enckot jlnh ?weie victo'ioas aesinsta loom of Gl'nroy on the Tumbarumba ground by four wickete/^rp-s r' A meeting in connection with the flower show to be held on B xinc day, und#r the nuspioee of the Tumbarumlm and Upper Murray P. and A. Society, wis held last wek. Piesent. : — M'-kb's. II. Vickery (in the cbair) 3-t. Walsb, D. M'Intosh, A. Frederiiks, J. Donaldson, Jrhn Chapman, J. J. M'Alist^r. Mr. G. May was added to tbe committee. Mr .T. j. M'Alii-ter was elected hon. secretary' X-ie seer t'iry was instruct' d to n-k ti e following t-o act on the comuittea:— M^b-s. Willi me, Figtuee, Wc. b r. O'Donovan, Thompson, H. Sm;tli, T. Mate, Geo..Heinecke, and Dr. Jhon-tonc. The programme of sho - and spmts wis drawn, lip and a Jetier diafts' to s;nd round' t-' nek lor support. During- th* post, week we hm-e had B me niccs falls ndu, which will l«e of gre«t bm'i fit to tho cicpa ayil grass. This FeoBon the N.S.W. statistician h«a adopted a new system of issuing reports of the crop prospects for the early districts, iu advance of tbe re ports for the whole colony. Arepoit issued deals with tho Riverina c. ntral, western,* north- western, and western* plains. Last season these districts had 348,638 acres under wheat. Of about one-fifth of the colony's wh;at crop, owing to the larger area cut for ' hay, there will be a slightly emal er acreage of wheat, yielding l,260.O()0 bushels, as compared with 846,893 ' last year. Deniliquin, it is estimated, will yield more than is50,0- !0 bushels above last year's return, and Moama 'an increase of 62,300 bushels, In ' the Urana an*! Nari'uridera districts the prospects are very gloomy. Consternation has been caused amongst some of the miners at tbe Mayney copper mine by the visita tions of a ghost in one of the shafts. The men hear etrnnge noises, bells ringing, sighing, groanings, eto. The Biinere going below have their can dles eytinguished by a supernatural visitor, and some of the men allege that , something brushed past them. Six men have left the mine owing to ? the terror the ghoet has i spired. Mr. O'Sullivan led ua all up to the pleasing expectation that hia whole sale scheme of public works cou H'tubtion would be carried out, evpn if the Government had to borrow money for the purpose. But now Mr. See, who appears very much like a check upon his too impulsive colleague, speaking at a banquet at Walcha, tells us what is really quite obvioue, that the present is not a favourable time ' for borrowing, and that we must wait for a better. As he has explained, his in tention is to sound a note of warning. Railway, road, and other works are dependant upon the capability of the ?Government to borrow money with Nwlrioh to construct them. The Go vernment will have to wait to redeem Mr, O'Sullivan's generous promises until it can borrow money, and it is not possible to say when that time will arrive. . , v .iiTlye usual half-yoarly: meeting of ?'j'the:' shareholders of the Bank of New South Wules was held on Wednesday. Tha directors' report and balance sheet was adopted, and a dividend at the rate of 0 per ceut. per annum wua declared, and £20,000 carried lorward to the credit of the next half-year. The British have commenced^ an advance t iwards Colenso. I he Boers: ^av.e occupied Stormb rg. (J.-ijitai'i '('ox's' detachment of Syd ney Lapccis helped to repair the railway lino near Arundel, President .lunger it) reported to be, we.'. ustyiUj j 