HER fiOYAL HIGHNESS. BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON. Author of "Ladv Maiy of the Daik House," "The Secret of the Pearls," A Man from the Dark,' 'Hie Barnstormers," &c.; CHAPTER V.—A PURPLE DARKNESS. Fuse's second jump was 22J ft. The distance across the chasm was quite (tthat—a cautious man -wooid have pronounced it mora. But it -was a -deed "to be done, nos thought upon; and, taking Iris Hfe in his hand with a light heant, the young man lan —and jumped- There was a second when he hung ower the white tanooil that seethed 200 ft. below, and the contending winds of the torrent swept up to him like an icy breati from ithe grave. But it was over before the impression.was fully written upon his consciousness, and his feet had touched the rock on tibe otiber side. . . He had aimed for the spot where ail iron book readied out its ruaty invitation, but his eye bad deceived him by a few inches, and aite hook was set higher in theatoas than he tad calculated- Fulke grasped at it and missed. A few surface stones idrd away from beneath bis stout boots, as be sfcrugdad for a footing, and, flinging both, aims as far as they would go rmind the hugeetone ttfaat formed on tbe left a Wandafckm for the gateway, fee clung doggedly ¥or a k>ag moment in winch fate was bus»j r deciding between life and death- Then, getting firmer faold -wriii one hand and riding from knee i» foot, he seised tfre hoot and swung uurigit. The danger ' was over—fee tiling was done; bat, as tie remarked to himeetf with a eigh, expressing a certain restful satisfaction, k had been a "aanrow eqoeak." He looked ana Would ham l&ed;, above most tonga, to treasure the jump. . "Pfaew! I droit believe I could do it again," he said dubiopiy. Tbece was. however, nb question of returning by She way in which, he had come. On'this side there was scarcely moee than space for etandimr-room, much leas for a run, and t!he method to be chosen for lard- . FidWs departure remained, ams ^ far, shrouded in ohaenrifcy. TSrie fact rendered the bat on the programme, not yet •written dwwn, far more alluring than they wodd otherwise ha*e beea. BegM*»ngtti2 necessity for inhrodocing himself to the lady of (the Castle featfess, and Tnth trousers "whose knees advertised the difficulty of £be approach, he nevertbefcss set about •finding a. rfmast cut into her presence. ^^^ . Though NO viator had come to SBBOSS Fmberbeis by tihaB route since the heare days 300 years ago or more, when tfae drawbridgehad been called upon to do freqaeni the great gates were inhospitably closed, tamed «r chained upon the other aide. Somewhat the worse for many cen- -ftmaes of wear as they -were in appeoanca, they held loyally together, and Fmfce a ^etnaigtb, winch he believed to be beyona ihe wreaage, -wBS not snfficiept to move ~tbem-"-Tbe name oBjeetaon to swamnng over -the (top obtained bare as ai the fewer gates, for te-nri^it be seen aod landed at: bntoneof the towers was almost com- . rfddy nuBouk and there was en easy way -mto be found throogh an embrasure enlarged by faHen stooes. Once in> me tower on tiis^de there wae sure to be a means ot exit cm the other, and -with this end m tow Lend Fdke furfiior damaged the Wdymimaculate tweeds by squeezing hit lithe bodv through the hole. The floor of ttie tower •was oorcred -with moessrown stones, •whadr hod ooce-had Aeir ptoce eiKwhent; a»d affcer groping for a few seconds in the JreenEh dost the intruder came upon the door he fcad expected, it wae bolted on the other adej buit time tad worised its wiS npon toenails whiobhekl the socket, . mid a dozen . pushes, increasing in TOgour wifch the enocraraganent they met, flung the door wide open. Fulke stood facing the Casitej across a pJaiteaa oS ignss gpcuMoi tfith eariy summer flowers, -which meant ddlful sodding, constant^ care and at such, a place as S^nstnbecg, • even in fliese piping days of peace. • fhere wEre Meds of hyaonths, pink MKJ bine and Wple. and tulips glowing in me mm like &tttjr-3antenis; foe the sun did Shifife, even on Kneteroerg, ae if coaxed -to gtudgink iMidheffi by the ancient snndiil. on wnitA a stately peacock, -White, -witli iewel-stndded tail, stood spreading out his tSftties. -' The ny-diaped windowB of the Castle •wase enall, deep-set, and repliant, as eves nunk far into the sockets of a miser's old face; hut one of two doors, -under • a- dignified -archway, was half-open, «i7ing a ghmpse of the picture -within. ®aare"w«fiaconrfcyiard, tmeveJy paved -wifli ' ^Qnefe that had an edging of green moss, 33s>e the cement i» which the pieces of mosaic are set. Ix>W-pitched roofs tiled with led gave richness of colour, and a crowd of burnished doves fighting for Precedence round a big jjseen water-tub added life to the scene. . " Save for the soft, inbnrnful note of the birds Uteie was no sound, nnleas a lis- • ioier paused for Uhe andertone of 'the tortcnt, singing far bektw the Castle -walls. Bat for Mie doves and the fiaahisig fan of the 1peaootf s tail ScUoss Pinsterberg might have/been the l»st Palace of the Sleeping Beauty, and Folke the Prince, • who bad come to -wake her from her slumbers. x Some sodi Ihoncht passed through the young man's 'mind, and made him smile, for his :«arand -was. not likely to begin or end with a Ids. He came as an intruder, a distiiAer of thepeace, and once again he felt ashamed. "Viewed from within, Finstexberg no" longer menaced and defied, but despite its sleepy silence, smiled hn- . manly in happy ignorance of raying eyes. It was not on guard, and Fulke was put . in the false position of taking it at a disadvantage—of striking an enemy when the enemyTnad. wreathed his sword with flowers. • Still, he vas here, and it -woold be ig- • nominiocs to turn back. Fnlke determined to walk into the courtyard and knock at the door, of greatest significance and size. He went in. . There were a couple of imposing doors at opposite sides of the courtyard, and there -were other smaller ones." Of the large doors the nearer of the two stood slightly open. It led into a stone-paved hafl. Fnlke raised his hand to knock, thai dropped it again.. What use Jo knock if he meant to ask for the Prineesg? He wonld only fce refused — perhaps -Wktti insult. He question was — Did he mean to see Her Royal "Highness, or was he willing to .sacrifice that end, after all he had already gone through to attain it? He remembered •the ramie of mockery on the face that had locked up at him from the enchanted mirror of the lake. He remembered his wetting, and he thought of that chamois-leap he had just taken. Tes, he would see the Princess. He had transgressed the bounds of conventionality, even of good taste, already, and a 'man mieht as well, according to an old proverb, be hanged for killing a sbeep as a lamb. He Rooked into the hall. It was bare and cold, witiTsentinel suits of armour, grasping quaint lamps in mailed loads, sta.tioned on eatiber side of a spacious staircase of stone. A huge-carved chest, with silver rings for handles, stood under a high window. On the stone walls were shields and the antlers of great deer, a few family portraits in teroitdied frames of gold, and above all, banners -whose every stain and tatter seemed to tell a story of the past. Frfke walked in, and seated himself in an oak chair like a throne that faced the winding staircase. ' "Perhaps she will not come down," he tihoaght. *'If she does I shall see oer; ,,and -iiiough the chances are we shall not faavemany tForde together, a single sentence will be enough for the winning of the bet." He sat in the chair for a long time. Exactly how long he did not knew, for he had neglected to .take out his wattih at the beginning; but seldom had minutes seemed so tedious as these slowly passing ones, after he had studied all the fit or stolid German faces in the portraits'. Fulke grew impatient, then irritable, at last desperate. •'By Jove! I begin to believe there's nothing alive about the place except those monotonous birds out there in the courtyard," he ejaculated under his breath. "I will knock aiter all. If nobody comes their blood be on their own heads. I swear I'll explore until I find something or some one -worth finding." He strode to the door and pounded with a closed fist. lie great empty hall echoed with the sound of his blows, and the doves cooed and sodded more loudly than before, that was all. "Here goes then," said Fulke. "If anybody asks me what the deuce I'm doing, I'll simply say that aa I couldn't get an answer I came inside to look for one." Three or four doon led off to the hall. He opened one and looked into a library, well stocked with books in quaint bindings, and with busts of German and Thimgarian poets or philosophers staring down at him 3rom the topmost black oak shelves. Another room was sparsely furnished, though its walls were covered with pictures, and the place was dominated by an ancient dais with throne-like chairs. A third room -was nondescript, save for its ancient tapestries, but all were unoccupied. Close to -the last door seven or eight steps descended into a long, narrow corridor, unlighted by any window,' and ending in the distance with so curious and vague an indefiniteness of purplish darkness, that Fulke was pricked to curiosity. He went down the Steps and walked diywiy along the passage until he saw that the purple dimness at the further end, which hod raised his wtmmi doe to a curtain of peteet falling from ceiling to floor in dense, pansy-colour- «d folds. I There was enough of the boy still left in ] lord Fulke to remind him of the Arabianj Night« and the adventures of the Seven Calendars, who were each blind of one eye. "I'm as curious as a woman," he thought, "but I will know what's behind this curtain if I die for it." He lifted the portiere, heavily wadded and lined with silk, to see that which stirred the first flickering blaze of his curiosity into a vivid flame. CHAPTER VI.—WHAT LAY BEHIND THE CURTAIN. It -was a door, set back a foot or two beyond the curtain but a door most unusual in material and construction, resembling a large screen of steel. So polished was the surface, that Fulke could see himself reflected as in a mirror faintly dimmed with moisture. This door did not swing shut or open in the ordinary manner; it was made to elide, and possessed an intricate-looking lock on either side. It was not now fastened, however, for an experimental push sent it noiselessly sliding in a groove along the wall. "Hie heavy velvet curtain which he had pressed back with one hand, dropped down behind him, completely shutting out the faint light of toe corridor, and he found himself (though exploring fingers proved that the doorway opened upon vacancy} staring blankly into the dark. Groping ahead he touched only emptiness; his foot dipped over the edge of a step and he pitched helplessly foward, unable to save himself in time to prevent a fall. His stumble had landed him upon hands and knees almost without a sound, for from under outstretched fingers and palms rose the soft, thick, fur of a rug. Fulke picked himself up, thankful that such impenetrable gloom had veiled Ins awkwardness, and, searching his pockets for the small gold matchbox he usually carried, his eyes were dazzled by a sudden flare of light. On a distant wall which he stood facing glimmered a large square of whiteness, on which the pale radiance was concentrated. The light was accompanied by a whirring, clicking noise. Across the illuminated square passed the semblance of a man's figure Becked with countless tiny spangles that came and wait, like sparks of electricity. After an instant of bewilderment Iioid Fulke realized that he was witnessing the operation of a biograph, and also that he was not alone in the darkness. Amazed, half-incredulous, he stood still, watching the strange proceedings at the further end of the room. The figure cm the lighted screen was life-size, and had been photographed from a man in the uniform of a Tfaungarian officer—a man past his yonth, but of extraordinary personal beauty. • For a moment this presentment stood alone on the platform of a railway station, while a crowd, controlled by a policeman, blocked the background. Then he was joined by throe elderly men, who greeted him •with ceremony, one of their number walking in advance. The oentral figure, with a pnncdy air, beckoned an attendant. There •was a further exchange of courtesies. The first man and one other stepp-ed into a smart landau with liveried servants, the crowd drew nearer, men waved their hats, women held up their children, the handsome man in the carriage and hfe older, less striking companion, bowed and smiled acknowledgments, the landau drove off, the tAirong filling in the space where it had been, and—the picture -vanished like a bubble that has burst. A moment of darkness and silence, and the same performance was repeated. Again the tall soldierly man arrived, was -welcomed, and departed; then the square of light disappeared once more, -while out if the ^loom came a sigh and a soft, silkea rustlulke stood motionless, absolutely lost to all consciousness of self, and as blind to the duty of making his presence known to the unseen one as if he had intruded upon a revel of ghosts. The rustling, like the star of fallen leaves in the wind of autumn, continued for a moment, then ceased—to end in another surprise for the stranger who watched and listened. AgKuiii the white rays flashed, but •this time in another direction. Electric ^ its, so shaded as only to illumine one spot, lit up with dazzling lustre a strange object of eystal and gold. Fulke's first impression was that a block of glittering ioe rose from a slab of ebony; but in the fraction of a second be had divined the grim reality. He was gazing tat a glass coffin, supported _a a black-draped bier; its transparent gold- bound sides revealing (as if they had formed a crystal case to display a jewel) the body of a man lying on his back, has hands crossed npon a breast covered with sparkling orders and decorations. Fulke could trace the dear-cut cameo of the profile, the dark lines of brow, and the ladies a fi-rg'^'r a dosed, eyelid. "Hie man might have been asleep, save for the marble pallor of the splendid face, which was the same he had seen in the moving Suddenly, a horror of himself and his intrusion upo-n such a scene as this overwhelmed Lord Fnlke, and a eold moisture broke out upon his forehead. How vile he had been to come here! yet being here, how was he to escape? He had seen no one, but he had heard the rustling of a •woman's dress, he had heard a woman's sigh; and now, for a angle instant, a vague shadow was darkly silhouetted against the illumined glass. These strange, mad rites -which he had witnessed were tributes of respect to a dead man/from a woman who had passionately loved him, and in whom solitude Shad fostered eccentricity. Fulke felt that he would rather cut off his right hand than let this woman know how a stranger's curious eyes had profaned her astonishing devotions; yet in the dark he had lost the sense of direction. "While groping for the steps down which he had fallen, and the open doorway, so completely darkened by the wadded folds of velvet, he was almost certain to stumble, and make his presence known by some inadvertent noise. Nevertheless, his present situation had become intolerable. He turned, fancied a faint seam of greyish iight stitched upon the woof of black, and had taken the first step to prove it real, when the sound of a voice caused Tiim involuntarily to pause. The voice was not that of a woman, but a man, and the tones -were peculiarly metallic. : My dearest, it is good to be able to speak to you from a distance, bridging over so many miles," were the words that readied .Fulke's ears. "I think that this experiment of ours bids fair to be a success. It was like your deverness, my beautiful one, to have suggested it. I shall be looking forward with eagerness to Monday, when 1 may hope for the message from your lips. How much better than a letter could be! I shall hear .the very accents of the sweetest voice that any -woman ever heard " Fulke heard no more, for he shut out the sounds by pressing his fingers over his cars. He was listening to a phonograph which had recorded tender nothings uttered by a lover;'and he cursed himself heartily for his unwarrantable meddling. Had his hands been free, he would have used them in groping his way to the door. As it was, he only learnt that the ray of light had existed alone in his imagination, by coming into sharp collision with some unseen object. It fell, rolled across the soft rug upon which he hid lately dropped, reached a hard surface of floor, and broke with a clear tinkle of china or glass. A startled exclamation followed like an echo, and instanteously the room was flooded with electric light. ' Fulke stood fast, faring his own shame, like a caught criminal. CHAPTER VH.—HER ROYAL HIGH- NESS. He felt, rather than saw, all that tht ; light revealed—a spacious domed room that was chapeL and theatre, and mausoleum in one. There was the screen across which the lifelike figures had moved and played their parts; there was the mechanism of the biograph, with its great lantern, darkened now; thera the long glass coffin, on a pedestal draped with black; there, a table with a phonograph, trumpetmouthed, the record cylinder on top. These things were clearly visible now, and yet, in Fulke's eyes, they merely formed the background for a slender woman's facs and form—a woman who stood confronting him like a young tigress in defence of her cubs. What a woman! No need for Fulke to ask himself if this were Her Royal Business; Bhe would have been royal in a beggar's rags. In the soft contour of her perfect face, with its long, violet eyes and frame of ebon hsir, in the slimness of her figure, which was taller than the wont of women, she was still a girl, but the poise of the white throat, and the fire that flashed from under the heavy, curling lashes, were a queen's. For an instant the man forgot the ignominy of his situation in worship of the woman's beauty, but tier look recalled it; and he would have flung ten years of hin future as a sop to Destiny, if he could have met her, uncomproraised and unabashed. A woman of milder spirit would have started, and perhaps cried out at sight of a stranger, unexpectedly discovered in the place which was her holy of holies. "But not so Floria, Princess of Bemau-Dainburg. Colour spread upward over the lily pallor of her cheek?—colour, vivid as the rose-hue in a child's finger-tips when held before the light. But s&e; gazed at Fulke in silence, which told of scorn, not fear. Never in his twenty - eight years had a fault of his brought such punishment, and he lad ns defence to make. If he had been more guilty, lie -would, it may be, have acted with more savoir faire; but now. in a confused desire to explain that whidh admitted of no explanation, he began to stammer something, in schoolboy fashion, only to be cut short at the first word. "Do not dare to speak — go! said the Princess in German; and pointed to the door., . Her contempt slung like a whip-lash. 1 wiH go, madam, when 1 have asked your pardon for mv mistake, my " He rushed into speech, but sfoe broke in. tearing his excuses in half as if they had been rags which she flung off in loathing. "Mistake!" aie echoed. "Are you fool as well as coward, that you expect me to believe that"? Do I not know how those cattle down there at Presmark — those swine of Ulrieh's. wallow ranting at my gates, rioting for some hole by which they can enter to spy upon me—me, who should have been their queen? Well, you have succeeded beyond your fellows; you have seen the secret of Finsterberg. and now vou can go back satisfied, to the mud from which you came. You can tell your companions there, how Rupert of Bernau- Dainburg's widow keej»s his memory alive and sacred, until ttie day when his murderers be brought to justice. And you can add that that day is sure—as sure as their guilt. *nd death." "1 will not go with such words as those in uiy ears," cried Fulke. "Yon have no right to speak them, madam, even though I am here without permission. Yon shall hear me " " 'Shall' Ls not for me from you. Will you have me call my servants to whip you from the house, or will you go now of your own free will?" For a moment—and it was a bitter one to Fulke—the man and the woman looked into each other's eyes. Hers was the winning game- He had played and lost;_ and now. despite her fierce injustice, and his rehellion under it, he must eat his words, and ignominiousl.v itetreat. To stay, to bandy arguments, to attempt to right himself, wouVl be merely courting worse humiliation. Biting his lip so sharply that the blood started under tie savage pressure of his teeth, he bowed, without a word; and (his eyes still upon her) stepped backward to the doer, in reaching it, his feet crunched the scattered fragments of a broken crystal vase, which his awkward movement in the dark had thrown from a projecting shelf, a few minutes (or was it hours?) ago. He had not readied the open doorway when the Prince® • caught at an old-fashioned bellroj>e dangling from the wall near by, and pulled'-with violence. "You have saved yourself a beating," she said; "but my servants shall see that vou have left the Castle, and the sates shall be made fast behind you—faster than they have even been before." Again Fulke grimly bowed, smiling a little even in has amger at the thought sf 3:er surprise could she know how he had embsred her enchaxcted fortress; then, with one last look ait the white, angry face, which was the most beautiful he had eve: seen, he left the Princess, and passed beyond the curtain In her eight, he had moved slowly, to save such poor dignity as remained to him; but with ithe filling of the portiere between them, the smouldering heat of his futy against himself and her burst in£) flamie. He ocmld have cursed aloud; and. it would have given him exceeding joy to i see the Castle walls tumbling about his • head, if only he and the woman who hal i insulted him could both have lain buried j beneath die falling stones. He strode! down the corridor with furious haste, his i chin held high, his fingers working; but befare he reached the end, where the dim passage joined the hall, a stoat man dressed decently in black, came hurrying towards him. 'Lord Fulke would have passed roughly by, for he was in no mood to eacounter further insults, or even servility: but a voice at Ms back sent a tkrall through every nerve. Her Royal Highness had lett the room behind the curtain, and followed him. "Gustave, diow this person to the gates, and see that, when he has passed thrmigii, they a^e made fast again," she commanded. Fulke feit conscious of her presence, as if his eyes had dwelt upon her face, but be would not torn. The mam, who was typically German, and typically also -the old, confidential servant, bowed low to his mistreas, then raised ins meek eyes, with a veiled glinit of itriumjfo (the (rare, self- satisfied triumph of the inferior over the supe-1 riwr) to the countenance of the stranger. The biood rushed to Fulke's forehead, aind he could have struck the fellow, but with aa effort h<e forced commonsense t j hie rescue, and passed <on, with his tingling hands at his sides. "Will the high, well-born gentleman be pleased to come with me?" murmured the faithful servitor of her Royal Highraess, in •his native tongue. And it was to his credit that only the faintest note of sarcasm crept into the humilitr of his tone, as he put the question, ceremoniously worded according to the Germrn custom. He led Fulke along the haSl, out into the courtyard where ithe doves were still quarrelling over the green tub, as if nothong particular had happened since -the Englishman had looked upon, them last. Then, through the second great door which the unwelcome visitor had seen; so ithrough a strange, upward climbing passage-way, where four horses could have riddm in abreast; and finally, out of the nouse by another exit, which commanded a view of all the country round. Below, reached by a steeply descending path, paved with cobblestone's, was the first wall. Fulke stall followed his guide, who unlocked the gates; alnd the same process was repeated in silence at th = foot of the hill. When the second gates were opened to let the intruder pass out t Fulke drew from his pocket a handful ot silver and gold. "Here," he said harAly, partially conscious that his motive was to show a servant of the Princess how rich, how important was ithe "parson" his mistress had driven with contumely from her door-!. But the man, bowing politely, placed his fat hands virtuously behind his back. "The high, weJl-hwrn gentleman is gracious: but our Royal Lady does not permit us to accept gifts," he replied. Fullae opened his palm, and' tossed the money from him—ringing down upon the rocks, and rolling away among the sparsely growing weeds or into the rushiig river. It would have pleased -him to see ampotenit repentance written on -thie countenance of Guatav, but the wdl-trained features of the worthy man were phlegmartacaEy compose.!. His eyes dad not even follow the fane of the gold. . "My lord will find himself able to cross by the bridge," he jrravely 6ped the parting guest. And then, having bowed the Englishman out of the gates, her Royal Highness's servant lost no time in closing them. As he heard the dank of heavy bolts shooting into place, Fulke exdaimcd aloud: "So there's an end of the worst day's -work I ewar did. And ithe sooner I'm out of this brute of a oswmiry, the better I sW.l be pleased. He had forgotten his brother's letter to the King; he had forgotten the huntinglodge in the Vesturathal, and the impression stamped npon his mind that Faite had summoned him to Thungaria. But Fate had -not forgotten him: nor the part in a certain drama which he was cast to play. 