USEFUL. INFORMATION A, Btrarige burial is reported from Airiesbury, Massachusetts. Reuben John Smith, aged severity-one, erected in his lifetime a« marble sarcophagus containing a commodious chair. "As" Ihb \ will' directed, " %hia corpse V "was Boated : therein the other day, attired 'in a moraing Buit," with hat and overcoat, the steel door was; looked and bricked over, aind the key .was destroyed. Two- pieces of farmland, now in the heart of New York "City, in the vicinity of Avenne "A; Fourth and "Eighth Streets," were bought by John Jacob Astor . in 1803 for £4,900: To-day the property Is worth £1,000,000. The ABtor .estate has collected £2,090,000 ground-rent "for this property during the ninety-five years it has been iri the possession of the Astor family. _ An inquest was held at Fleetwood on a child named Mary Mason, daughter of a local sail-maker,' who died on the previous evening under singular circum- stances The deceased fell at school about a month ago and grazed her knee. When Bhe got home, without telling her .parents she applied, a piece of postage-stamp paper to the wound. On the following day she complained of pains, but con tinued to go to "school. Blood poisoning, supervened by pneumonia, however, set in, and the child died. Dr. .Preston spoke of the danger of applying stamp:paper to wounds. The coroner hoped it would be ! a warning to people. Deaths from carbolic acid poisoning.are unpleasantly frequent. Sometimes the taking of the poison is accidental, and it is important to know that there i3 at hand in every house a simple remedy that may save life. An .Ardwick doctor (Dr. R. C. Smith) states that milk taken at once in copious draughts will produce vomiting and counteract the effects of the carbolic acid. He has proved this him self, and therefore advises the use of milk in an extremity. Had Dr. A. K. H. Boyd, the well-known writer, who par took of carbolic acid in mistake for a sleeping draught a few days ago, and died from the offsets of the poison, known of the remedy, the sacrifice of hiB life might have been avoided. Some Egyptian boats made of cedar, probably in use 4,500 years ago, have been found buried near, the banks of the Nile, and -furnish an interesting proof of the power of that wood to withstand the .ravages of time. The ink-plant of New Granada is a curiosity. The juice of it can :be UBed as ink without any preparation. Ateflrst the writing - is red, but after a few hours- it changes to black. Wife : "I don't know how she can marry snch a little man. Why, she could put him in her pocket !" Husband : " Oh, he'll be out of pocket ever after, never fear 1" The late Robert Louis Stevenson, in a letter to a friend giving a vivid descrip tion of a wet day at Edinburgh, wrote, " Everything drips and soaks—the very statues Beem wet to the skin » A schoolmaster had, been giving -a- class of yonngstera some instruction - on ad ages. Then he'hegari to question -them ; "Birds of a -feather —do what ?'.'-he aBked. " Lay eggs !" piped.a small hoy, .before anybody else had. a chance to. speak, " Wiggy " M'Leod, the old Scotch in ternational footballer, was almost aB bald as a billiard ball;: but he concealed his baldness by means of: a cap and-wig. In a certain . - match;- - however,- a - red- hot shot:at ciose;quarters-hit:" Wiggy's " head, carrying .off -both; cap and-wig.'1 The player who had kicked the ball aeemed thunderstruck for. a moment, then -ex claimed, " Guid heavens, I've scalped the mon I" A layman in a certain diocese brought a charge against -the.Vclergyman of the parish for, various ritualistic practices. In preferring hiB Indictment' he-reserved the worst point till- last. - " And— would you believe it, my: lord? — Mr/X. kiBaeB'hia .stole.' Whether theblshop -appro vedof the practice or -not, -history, -..does not relate, -but his, lordship's, sense of. humour served him. well at the.moment. " Well, Mr B., you will be thecfirsito admit that that's, a. good deal better than, if he stole a kiss':'' Sweet. Sixteen.: -"He has snch-. a knightly air !" .Seasoned Thirty-five : Yqsan, up-all; nightly" air.?' P She " Hamlet Is a-play for.aU,,time." .He: " Yes— it will' never Vcive .up the 'Ghost' 1" " 1 F 