©rtgtn&l; Paper. PEEACHING. Paper read by the Eev. E. W. Cooke, M.A., at a meeting of the Friends in Council, held at Holy Trinity, Kew, February 14th, 1899. The title I have ohosen for my paper to-day is ' Preaching,' not 'Sermons.' I have done this advisably, because the latter would have involved many subjects, such as the choice of texts, com mentaries, and so forth, which time will not allow me to deal with this afternoon. Let then our topic now be preaching. It is, I am well aware, a subject on which others may be better qualified from their oratorical powers to speak than myself. Yet, since the experi ence of exceptionally gifted men is not always of service to those possessed of only ordinary powers, I have thought that some advice from one without any especial distinction may be given without presumption — to my younger brethren in the ministry especially. That which I shall recommend to- day is well within the compass of every preacher who will take ordinary pains in the preparation of his sermon, and the faults I shall mention are such as all may guard themselves against. First, then, 'What is preaching?' We reply, It is a divinely-appointed agency, the original design of which was the instruction and conversion of those who were entirely ignorant of Christian truth. It was to prepare the way for Christian worship, and for the Divine working of the Sacraments. With the primitive Christians the instruction came first, the conversion secondhand the Sacraments last. With ourselves the position is exactly reversed. We admit to the Church by Holy Baptism those who have no spiritual knowledge whatever. Their minds are especially ' con verted,' or turned to God (or at least should be), at the time of their Confirmation, and it is then, and subsequently, that Christian instruction is imparted. Hence, our plan of preaching in a Christian country must be entirely different to what it would be in a heathen one. We cannot assume, as of necessity, that the baptised Christians before us in the congregation are properly educated even in the very rudiments of the Catholic faith. Many of our sermons must therefore be 'teaching' ones, to provide for those insufficiently prepared, or not at all, in the time of youth. Exposition is thus as greatly needed, or more so, than exhor tation. Every doctrine of the Church should in turn be treated of, and the course of the Christian seasons of fast and festival, if faith fully followed, will provide a fitting opportunity for each. Again, we have to provide in our discourses for those who are already well versed in Christian dootrine, but who require encourage ment and assistance in the battle of life. Practical sermons at tunes are very valuable to the laity, although they must not be allowed to monopolise the ground. One of our most difficult tasks, perhaps, is to give proper instruction regarding the special trials and temptations incidental to particular times of life, and particular professions or businesses. These varying in each congregation, every preacher in the preparation of his sermon should have his own parishioners constantly in his mind, and prepare all with a view to their defi ciencies, troubles, and temptations. He must not keep pounding away at some private crotchet of his own, however interesting he may find it, as if he were preaching to himself and not to the people. The mental capabilities of every congregation must also be kept in sight. It is a mistake to use a hard word when a simple one will do as well. Words of Saxon, are preferable to those of Latin derivation. John Bright and Spurgeon acted upon this principle, and their speeches and sermons are consequently models of vigorous eloquence, so far as . their phraseology extends. We must remember that hearing a sermon is different to reading a book, and that the hearer cannot look back to discover an obscure meaning. ? In our preaching there are three distinct points to be kept in view. We have to make our sermons — first, instructive ; then interesting; and thirdly, convincing. It is of no use our telling our people over and over again what they already know, though some congregations may like it as involving no intellectual effort on their part. Our labour, too, is thrown away unless we can so impress the minds _ and consciences of our hearers as to make them act up to the advice given. Above all things, we should avoid looking upon our pulpits as mere platforms for oratorical display, regardless of the spiritual results produced. With regard to the instruction that we afford, we must remember that it is in most cases the only religious teaching that our congregations receive during the whole week. Few of them read religious books, and this is perhaps fortunate, considering the amount of wild heresy and erroneous teaching generally now so prevalent. But this makes the importance of definite religious teaching from the pulpit all the greater. Suoh doctrinal ideas as our average congrega tions do possess are mostly very indefinite. They have a few vague notions about the Sacrifice of the Cross, which they consider the only real doctrine of much importance. As to the true meaning of the incarnation, atonement, risen life, and priestly intercession of Christ, the ministry of the Holy Ghost, and His present working in the Church and His sacraments, they are almost entirely ignorant. These may not be popular subjects ; in fact, they are not — definite teaching seldom is. Vague generalities, poetically expressed, or some horror, such as the Yarra tragedy, will be found to ' draw' best by those whose only anxiety is to attract a crowd. Still it is not impossible by any means to make dogmatic teaching attractive, as many great preachers have proved. And it is, at anyrate, our bounden duty to try to make it; so. We shall at least provide the thoughtful minded with something to reflect upon during the week. We should, however, be thoroughly conversant with the subject matter our selves, or it will be a case of ' the blind leading the blind.' Expository sermons seem to me best suited for the morning, and hortatory ones for the evening. But the circumstances of con gregations of course vary. But however orthodox our preaching may be, it will not be of the least use unless we can get our congregations to listen to what we are saying. If we are not listened to, the fault must be chiefly our own. In order that our sermons may be interest ing, we must learn what are the spiritual requirements of our people, and -this knowledge can only be gained by diligent pastoral visitation. How few of us keep visiting books up to date ! I have never yet entered upon the charge of a parish where one was handed down to me. Yet unless a man has a most phenomenal memory, how can he keep the names and addresses of all in his mind, especially in town parishes? But this duty discharged, our sermons will then be interesting, because applicable to our flock. Events that are happen ing at the present day, whether national or local, may also be very fitly referred to, and some moral drawn therefrom. The daily news papers being the only things that many of our congregations read, contemporary events referred to in the pulpit will prove particularly interesting to them, and telling lessons and illustrations may be hence deduced. Anecdotes I do not recommend, except for mission preaching, as being usually too long. But similes and illustrations keep the attention well aroused. Only let us be careful never to speak on subjects on which our people are better informed than our selves, for they willsoon discover our ignorance, and their confidence in us will be impaired. For all extemporaneous preaching I would also strongly advise the use of a moderate amount of action in delivery. When voice and body speak together the effect is greatly increased. There is no need for extravagant gestures, nor for awkward ones either. We have only to be natural, and to use graceful and appropriate motions. The third requirement of which I spoke was that the sermon should convince the minds and hearts of the hearers, and stir them up to put our teaching into practice. If what I have said as to instruction and interest be attended to, the j^nn,ii.« -mill nvnhaKlv 1n.v Vmlrl r»f t.ViR r.nnRfiieinfles of the hearers. while a dull sermon will only send them away bored. Of oourse, we must never forget the need of prayer for a blessing upon the prepara tion of our sermons, and the more earnest our prayers have been the more power are our sermons likely to carry with them. The chief thing, however, humanly speaking, is for the preacher to be really in earnest himself, to be thoroughly convinced of the importance of his message, and then he will produce similar feelings in his congrega tion. It has been truly said that Felix would have yawned instead of ' trembled' if Paul had been like many preachers nowadays. As to the question between written and extemporaneous sermons, the truth seems to be that very few sermons indeed owe their inspira tion to the moment of delivery. Nearly all are carefully prepared beforehand. They only differ in the fact of whether the_ MS. be produced in the pulpit or not. For any preacher who is at all nervous, and cannot trust himself to originate should his prepared matter fail him, a MS. is certainly advisable. Preaching, too, which is entirely what the Scotch call 'committed,' has a very mechanical sound, and lacks freedom. The best plan for those who can adopt it is, to my own thinking, to write out the sermon first, then to get the substance of it (not necessarily the ver/y words) well into one's mind, and afterwards to deliver it just as it shall occur to us. This ia generally understood to have been the plan adopted by Bishop Moor house when amongst. us. There will almost certainly be omissions from the prepared matter made in the delivery of it, and also prob ably additions which will occur at the moment. But the subject will be treated thoroughly,- orderly, and without repetitions. To simply learn a sermon word by word, and say it off, is miserable drudgery, and the consequences of a lapse of memory are too awful to contemplate. To those who prefer preaching from a MS., I might point out that if the preacher is so well up in his subject as only to glance at the MS. occasionally, he may produce almost the same effect as by extem poraneous delivery. But he must sacrifice action, and the freedom which comes from perfect detachment. For a working- class congrega tion, there is no doubt whatever but that to 'preach without a book' (as they say) is the most effective and attractive. An educated congregation will probably prefer the MS., unless the preacher be gifted with eloquence of a high order. They will also very readily dispense with much action in the sermon's delivery. Then comes in the question of using notes in preaching. A vicar of mine in England, who was himself a most interesting and acceptable extempore preacher, once gave me this advice, which I have never forgotten : 'Get your subject thoroughly into your head beforehand,' he said; ' know what you are going to say, then go into the pulpit and say it; do not trust to notes at all.' This advice I have found to be excellent ; whereas notes limit one's freedom, and deprive you of the feeling that you have ' burned your boats,' and must simply go forward. They always bother me excessively. I would, of course, by no means advise all young preachers to commence without the use of a MS. For several years they may well employ them in consecrated buildings. In the meantime they may be practising the art of speaking at cottage lectures, hospital services, and the like. To preach well without MSS. , an hour or two's rest and quietness is very desirable before hand, and in the country this can often not be obtained. As for the length of sermons, my own opinion is that very little can be really done with any subject under twenty minutes, and in the evening even this may be exceeded. In conclusion, I would point out one or two failings in preachers which often sadly mar. the good effect of their discourses. First comes affectation, than which nothing is more repulsive. Let us be simple and natural above everything. Then there is that repelling custom of lapsing into the first person, and talking about ourselves. Having once endured it for a month myself, when away- on a holiday, I can sympathise with the feelings of the laity. It shows bad taste, and lowers the character of the pulpit immensely. ' We preach not ourselves' should always be our motto. Again, some preachers are far too fond of raising a laugh, which is easy enough to do among the giddy- minded. This may make-us popular preachers, but it will not conduce to edification. Irony and ridicule of folly may some times, no doubt, be judiciously employed ; facetious strains are very i objectionable. The only other failing of which I shall speak is one that is so rare as hardly to need a caution. It is referring, more or less plainly, to any member of the congregation present, what is usually called ' preaching at' people. If our sermons seem to us to produce but little effect, we need not be disappointed when we reflect how few converts were gained even by our Blessed Lord Himself in His lifetime. 