WIT AND HUMOR: air?-W-hen it Is produced by a wind in sirument. Friend You didn't make IMiss Vol aiche's portrait look a bit like her. Ar tist: No; I needed the money for it. Cool.-"I say, sheriff," said a culpri condemned to be hanged, "at what hou: does this little affair of mine come off?" An independent old lady, speaking o: Adam's naming all the animals, said eht didn't think he deserved any credit fot nlaming the pig. Anyone would knoe what to call him. The Optimist: These franchise grab: could not occur if the guardians of the people's interests would keep their eye, open. The Pessimist : Instead of theim hands. "No, Bohbie." said his mother; "one Piece of pie is quite enough for you." "It' funny," responded Bobby, with an in Juredi air. "You say you are anxious tha: I should learn to eat properly, and yel you won't give me a chance to practise!" "Talking about the plany of 'Hamlet' with Htamlet left out," soliliquised the me iancholy-looking individual, "there are times when the omission would he a decid ed boon." He had Just attended an ama teur performanoe. How can it be shown that the lightest men in the three kingdoms are to befound on the Thamles?-Because, wIile in Scot: land there are men of Ayr, and in Ireland alen of Cork, on the Thames you can al ways find lighter-men. "Wohat would you think of a friend who woulid not venture to dive for you when you were pretty near drowning?" asked :he sentimental member of the club. "I should say." replied Charlie Peppers, "that his friendship was all on the surface." "Young lady of Boston: "Papa, dear. ir Sampeson is coming to-night, and I wish when you go to bed that you would close the transom over your door." Father (humbly): "Do I snore so loudly as all that?' "Yes, papa: and I don't wcant Mr Simpson to think that sort of tiirg rouns in the family." During the the dinner hour Tam H was looking over the daily paper, and re marked to his malte: "Wul, I see that in yesterday's Police Court Bailie C- dis posed of a light roll in half an hour." "That's naethlng," replied Will."aIony's the time I've put masei' ootside a pund o' beef in a quarter o' an' 'oor." Husband: Where is that cigar-case I put on my desk yesterday? I begin to think I'mw like a hen. Wife: TWhy? Hoe band: Because I can never .find anything where I laid it yesterday. A curious mistake occurred lately in the printing of labels of a meat-preserv ing company. The printer had been in the habit of labelling cu:s of beef or mut ton, as the case might be, with the words "without bone," prominently ciplayed The compalsy having added kidney- soup to its list, the new article was ticketed as "Kidney sout;-crithout bone." An editor who was travelling for the benefit of his health in America, was one day on board a steamboat, and having been shaved by the "colored" barber on board, naturally offered to pay. "We never charge editors nothin', sash," sad the barber, grandiloquently. "But how can you carry on your business profitab ly?" "Dat's all right, boss!" was the in dulgent reply. "e mSakes it up off'n gentlemen." Sweet May is here, and Nature smiles On flowery lawn and lea; Iut broadcast, merriest smiles of all Tihe happy mud-banks see. Wide - grinning,e far as shells may stretch, The oysters in a group Hymn out the praises of the days When they're not in the soup! Landlady (to new lodger): What would you like for your supper? I hae a nice bit o' pork in the hoose. Would you care absoot it no? Lodger: Na, na, guidwlfe, nane o' your pig meat for me. I canna sear the idea o't. Fetch me in a quarter o' guid ham, Customer: Come away, man; hurry up Whi' that five shillings cheenge. Ye nearly talc' as lang as the Queen does tae cheenge a crown. Shopman: Ay, sir, and does the Queen take long? Customer: Lang! Man, it's mair than sixty years since she got it, an' it's no' cheenged yet. At a Govan tea table. Husband (read ing the papers): I see, wife, there's mair tyranny--a telephone boycott. Wife : Telephone boy caught! I tlhocht, gude man, it w-is only lassies that worled the telephones. Gudeman : Gie's anlthedr scene an' gang on ,'i' yer kInittin'. At a juvenile class in a school the other day the lady teacher propounded the question: "What is a kid?" " Please mum," said a little girl, "a kid's a wee laddie." A small boy in the back now saw by the teacher's frown that the an swer a-as arong. "Plesse mum," he shouted, "it's juist a a-ee lassie." THE REASON OF IT ALL. irhile a ploughman and his esw-eethe-rt ayere passing through Perth in front of the Free Library the girl asked: "W'hat's adaltn there, WVillie, that there's sae mony touk gaun oot an' in?" "Oh, that's the Perth free laundry." "A free laundry, did ye say? ?-ty certry, nae winder the toon's chaps can aye manage to sport a clean dickle." HE SIDED WITH THE TEACHER. In an Ayrshire Sunday School not long S .CAN YOU BL?M?L THZ "..,AR? The Man: "Don't kill me; Mr Bear! Ihave a wife and three children who de pend upon me for a living." The Bear: "So have II" -' ?TMPa" ago a teacher observed two buys in his class fumbling with their hands under the desk and on looking to see what they were about he discovered that they had some cut tobacco and paper, and were trying to make cigarettes He admonish. ed them for :heir conduct, and pointed out that it was a bad habit for boys to smoke cigarettes. Fancy his astonishment when a young urchin at the foot of the class drew a little black "cutty" from his jac ket pocket, and exclaimed: "Quite right. teacher; they wad be far better to be like me, and cairry a guid clay pipe." NEARLY ALL OVER. An amusing incident occurred the other day in a Glasgow church, where a very young couple were getting married. Dur ing the ceremony the bridegroom, John by name, happened to turn round and glance at a friend of his in the congrega tion. This friend, who was of a waggish disposition, seeing John looking at him, wet one of his fingers and began rubbing his right eye, and John, thinking his eye was dirty, did likewise. Then looking round again, he saw his friend rubbing his other eye,' and not knowing whether he had wiped the right one or not, he wet his fingers and rubbed both of them. The minister, seeing this, and thinking it was for a different cause altogether, said in a soothing tone, to the great amusement of the audience : "John, John, ye nedna greet, it's nearly a' owre." A heavy swell strode into a bar the other night, and, receiving a salute from a "chronic" worthy grandiloquently order ed drinks for two, handing a sovereign in payment. The barmaid took the golden coin to her mistress, and then returned, asking him to pay next time, as they hadn't enough change. A minute later, taking advantage of the lassie's absence, the dandy nudged the worthy and whis pered-"Look here, friend, what say to getting drinks for nothing?" "Am game, in corme," said Sandy. "All rght, I'll lend you the sovereign, and you order." Sandy did as he was bid. "Same dose again. miss," and diving deep into his moleskins he fished up the sovereign, adding-"Tak' change oot o' that." Another brief disap pearance, and the barmaid returned, handing over iCs change. "That's 6d for the drinks." said she, "and 3s 6d whit mistress has chalked up agin ye for tick." BREAKING IN A BOOK AGENT. HE SOLD ONE BOOK ALL RIGHT. BUT HE WAS PROMPTLY DIS CHARGED. "I am afraid that I once spoileda..good book agent," said the head member of a book agency. "We had got out an expensive religious book and had advertised for agents to handle It. Among the numerous appli cants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked him if he thought he could sell books, and he said that he reckoned that he could. " 'Very well.' said I, ' I'll see what you can do. Take this book and consider that I am your intended victim. The price of the book runs from 2dol to 4dol, but you you must always endeavor to sell the highest-priced editibn, although it is no disgrace if you only succeed in selling the cheaper `Iind. If you succeed in selling me a book I will hire you. Now, go a head.' "He took the book, fumbled it awk wardly, and then stammered: " Ye don't wanter buy a book, do ye, mister?' "I smiling answered that I did not. "'Better buy one,' said he. '1'll sell It to ye pretty cheap.' "'Get out of here!' I'yelled, pretending to be mad 'Don't you see that sign, "Book Agents Not Wanted"?' '" I'11 let ye hey one for 4dol. mister, seein' It's ye,' said he, taking off his coat and throwing it on the floor. " 'I'm afraid'-I began. "'Four dollars, mister, an' cheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled up his shirt sleeves. "I didn't like the look of all these war Ike proceedings.and declared the test off. But he refused and gave me three min utes to 'dig up' the price of the book. "While I was trying to make the fellow understand that the joke had gone far enough he jumped at me. "I didn't stand the ghost of a show with the husky youth, and I soon found myself on the floor, with the would-be book agent sitting upon me, saying some thing about a book he would sell me 'powerful cheap.' "To save my life I reluctantly consent ed to take one of the Idol. kind. He said he was sorry but he only sold the 4dol. kind. "He allowed me to get one hand loose, and I produced 4dol, whereupon he re leased me, and wanted to know how soon he could go to work. I kept my word, and hired him, sent him as far west as I could, and then dis charged him by wire."-"Detroit Free Press." "3amma!" "Well, what is it now?" "I have the toothache." -"Life." MIEDICINE FOR THE CAT. Little Dot: "My kitty is real mean. I gave her some of my medicine, and she wouldn't touch it." Mamma: "Why did you wish her to take it?" Little Dot: "I wanted to see how a cat looked when she made a face." 