How to flake the Fund a Success. By. Rev. W. Woolls Rutledge. ' Excepb tlie Lord conduct the plan, The best concerted schemes are vain, And never can succeed. We spend our wretched strength for nought, But if our works in Thee be wrought, Thy shall be blest indeed.' ' ' So wrote Charlea 'Wesley more than a cen tury ago, and therein lies the secret of the success or non-success of the Twentieth Century Fund to-day. 'We want to be sure that the Head of the Church approves of this movement. 'What are its objects? FirBfc, and always, it is a solemn agreement upon the part of the Methodists of New South Wales to seek and obtain a pentecostal outpouring of the Holy Ghost upon the Church — itB ministers, office-bearers, members, adherents, and young people. The great need of the Church to-day — greater than a replenished exchequer or any other desirable blessing — is a deeper1 work of grace in the hearts of individual Christians ; a realised presence of the Holy Spirit as the Teacher andEnergiser of the followers of Christ. If, with the revelation of the Divine will to the believer in regard to his daily life, in the home, in business, in politics, in all relationships, and under all circum stances, there were also vouchsafed the ability to do his will, what wonderful results would follow. This is not im possible ; indeed, we profess to believe that this is the will of God concerning us. And it may be that the present movement is a direct inspiration from above, indicative of both our opportunity to seek, and God's desire to beBtow, a mighty blessing upon the Church. So far there can be no possible doubt that the Head of the Church approves of this movement. But is the proposal to raise Fifty Thousand Guineas in connection with this movement, also in accord with the Divine will ? That all depends upon the aaswer to another question, viz., To what purposes will the money be devoted ? ' They are the relief of over burdened local and connexional trusts, the extension of Foreign Missionary enterprise and the support of Home Missions ; in other words, the more successful carrying on ot the work of Gteci which has been committed to us in these southern lands. Surely this is also His will concerning up. Some of my readers may be saying to themselves, Why insist so much on a point which every one will admit ? For this reason : All may not admit it, but if they do admit that this movement is in accord with the will of God, then we not merely ought, but we imist carry it to a successful issue. Being convinced that the cause is one which has the Divine approval the next question is, Can we raise Fifty Thousand Guineas in two years in New South Waies ? Our people do not belong to the wealthy clasp, but, on the other hand, they are Hot very poor ; they are mostly well to do ; they may not fare sumptuously every day, but they live comfort ably, and it is not too much to say that they can afford, on an average, to give 10s 6d for each of the two years before the closing of the Fund. There are 50,000 Methodists above the age of sixteen years in this colony, and there are very few of them whose circum stances would not permit them to con tribute half-a-guiuea a year. Yes, we ought to raise Fifty Thousand Guineas, and we can do it ; let us determine that xve shall do it. How ? First let us seek Divine wisdom and help. It is essential that ' the Lord conduct the plan.' It is not enough that every meeting in con nection with the movement be opened with prayer, but a considerable por tion of the time should be spent at the Throne of Grace, and the burden of the petition should be ' O Lord revive Thy work,' Wisdom will also be given in the arrangement of the details of the local efforts m answer to prayer. Let the circuit public meetings be well organized. Use plenty of printer's ink and advertise freely in the local newspapers. Commercial men spend large sums in advertisements, they believe that item of expenditure is necessary to success, and the results prove the soundness of their judgment. The purveyor of some patent nostrum will pay for a column or half a page in a daily newspaper in order to attract public attention, but in church matters a ' two-line. adyt.' is sometimes con sidered sufficient to arouse public interest. Of course it fails, and de serves to fail. Much depends upon organization. Each circuit committee should fix upon a Bum as its contribution to the Fund. Aim high. Then set to work. Map out the circuit into districts and appoint, suitable persons to call upon those Methodists who have not previously sent in their names to the secretary of committee. It would not be out of place if in each Quarterly Meeting during 1899 and 1900 the question were asked, 'What is the state of the Twentieth Century Fund in this circuit ? ' ClasB leaders Bhou'd frequently mention the subject in their weekly meetings and endeavour to secure a place for every member's names on the Historic Eoll. We have in our Sunday-schools over 30,000 scholars. The Teachers' Meet ings should make enquiries and find out whether there are any children whose parents have not provided for the enrolment of their children's names. It may be some cannot afford the money others are indifferent. If those children are not able to collect a guinea, let the S.S. officers send their names to some of the larger givers in the circuit for the purpose of enrolment. Or the Sunday-school itself might devise some independent means whereby sufficient money may be raised to secure a place on the Historic Roll for every scholar whose parents or friends have not already secured that privilege for them. And at the same time, from the school platform and ia the class, . let every scholar be urged to secure a place for his and her name in ' the Lamb's Book of Life.' Be careful to impress upon the minds ot the children the spiritual object of the movement. Where collecting cards are in cir culation the circuit/ committee should see that i he amounts are paid in regularly every month, and, as young people are apt to grow weary iu well doing, an encouraging word would be very helpful. Christian Endeavourers should have a share in this work, and help should be given to those who need it. In short, every department of the church should see to it that the name of every person,, old .or young, connected with that department has a place on the Historic Eoll. If this be done and the organiza tion be faithfully worked by those concerned, the total for the New South 1 Wales Century Commemoration Fund i will exceed Fifty Thousand Guineas. I 