TEMPERANCE NOTES. Archdeacon Farrar, in tlio course of a re cent address, said that tlio -working classes of the United Kingdom annually spent more than £70,000,000 in drink, which repre sents mora than their rentals. Some good people thinlc temperance reformers are faddists, but this statoment and that of the -Chancellor of the Exchequer should arrest iht> attention of all sensible men, md (pen their eyes to the iusidious growth of the evil. The Minister of Public Instruction in France has, according to the Paris corres pondent of the "Medical Press," deeidod to introduce into the programme of schools precise notions on the danger of alcoholism as! regards the sanitary, moral, and social point of view, as well as regards that ,of political economy. ,Good results are hoped from this measure, for France is drifting into the evils of that plague, the worst that can be conceived. Cambridge, Massachusetts, is a • city of 8-3,000 inhabitants. In 18S(j it voted the saloons or public-houses out of existence. Each year since, it has reaffirmed that de cision. The annual ministers' appeal for 110 license is written by a Roman Catholio priest, signed by nine priests of that faith, anil by every Protestant pastor in the city. In: the ten years previous to the 110 license -victory the city valuation dropped to the .tune of £(>00,000. In the ten years under prohibition tlio city valuation rose to the tune of £4,800,000*. Lady Carlisle has sent £500 to the North of; England Temperance League, '"as a thank-offering, because .1 have the blessing of; knowing that mv son Hubert, whom I .have .just lost in the Soudan, at the early ago of'twenty-seven, during his short but . eventful span of life was faithful to the total abstinence pledge, which he took when ho wis ten years old. He loved the Band of Hppo and temperance- meetings, and in those boyish days he was a great recruiter for the Band of Hope force. Steadfast he remained as he grew older,' and steadfast lie died." These nro noble and inspiriting words. They should prove an incentive to increased earnestness in recruiting for the total abstinence army. Tlio Hon. G. N. Curzon, the newly-ap pointed Viceroy of India, a few years ago, said:—"Drink is a leper spot on the sur face of the nation, a moral canker eating into the vitality of our people, and produc ing effects which do not die with the year, or the life, or even with the generation, but which will be reproduced from year to year, from generation to generation, in a terrible portentous legacy of poverty, mi.very and crime." AnotheJv GfLBKUT Story. — While in America, Mr. W. S Gilbert was one evening at a fashionable function given by a lady of the " new rich " order, who po^edas a patron of music,- but who had not had time to edu cate herself. She was foolish enough to at tempt to "show off" before the celebrity. " And what is Bach (" Batch " she called it) doing now?" she said; "is he composing anything?" "No, madam," immediately Teplied Mr. Gilbert, without the ghost of a •smile. "No. madame, Batch is just now decomposing!" .Rubinstein'.—The Italian tenor, Marconi, once made a visit to Rubinstein, during which the latter's little son came tripping eagerly into the music- room, and said, " This is my birthday, papa, and I want a present." "Very well, my son. What shall-it be ?" "A waltz, pupa—a new waltz, all for mysilf, and now." . "What an impatient little son it is," exclaimed the great musician ; " but of course you shall have your gift ' Here it is— listen! And for you " (turning to the distin guished tenor) " I will p'ay my 'Nero.'" " It seems almost incredible," says Marconi, "but then and there I witnessed and heard a most remarkable phenomenon—the maestro improvised and played a charming waltz with his left hand, giving me. at the same time, with his right, the splendid overture." 