THE CAPITATION GRAKT. THE ARCHBISHOP'AT NORWOOD. On Tuesday evening, April 18, Archbishop O'Beily addressed the congregation of -Norwood and district iu St. Ignatius ; Church on the education question. lhe seating accommodation of the building was; fullv occupied. In his opening remarks ; the Archbishon said that the subject he j would syeak on bad caused cxcitement j which was altogether unwarranted, tie wished • to allay" that • excitement among those who did nr,t belong' to their own J body. ll the aims and pui'poses of the Catholics, riiid the methods by which they were to secure the realization of those aims and purposes, were properly understood there would be very little bitterness. It was said that they were one people, that they lived in one country under one Constitution, and that their children would grow up together in the same schools. They were one people, and they lived iu a glorious country, which wouid undoubtedly be great sonic day. They enjoyed one Constitution, but one of the privileges secured to every citizen by that Constitution was that] in religious matters he should be perfectly! free. No man should say to another what he should judge to be a religious question. There was one question which to many persons was not, but to others was, a religious question, and that was what ought to be tbe character of the schools to which tbey send their children lor education and training. About three- fourths of the people—if they could accept the numbers polled at the last referendum—said that the secular system presented no difficulties to their conscience in the matter of sending their young to be trained; but oiie-fourth of the people said that the schools, to cqjnply with the moral and Divine law, must be religious schools—religion must prevail therein. The Anglicans in large numbers, the Lutherans in relatively larger proportions, and the Catholics unanimously—he saia unanimously, for lie did not reckon that intinitesiiiially; srnall portion of the_Catholic body represented by a writer in "that morning's •^dvei't isc"" as Catholic at all—rheld that "eduej i'l be religious, and that the parent <i V do-bis duty to his child or to his God who sent bis child to be elsewhere educated titan to a religious school. If the Constitution waS-' o be iateppreted as meaning all that it* said—tliat we ware one lieople, lived in one country, and i3)def une Constitution, and enjoyed the pnVSflg® 8 , granted by that Constitution—that was reason why all their children should: be edu ; cated in one school or one cl^es of srfiopls. He had been at pains to collect a! few figures for their information. These, figures would show how detennitted the people . <j£ South Australia, in laige number, at any rate, werp to secure to theinselv« 4Jld .tip their children the privilegeSj-whieh the Cpn-; stitution gave them. F.ro^a the AjgfilipBB' Handbook for 1898 lie learned tlwt 'there were 29 schools in the colony. in which tli^y were educating 1,845 children of thpir belief. The Lutherans lia4, those, being principally ui cpunpyv-pl? had an average speller.: attendance,, total number of pupils being 1,300. > . Catholics had 55 schools last / 4,962 children were-being educated entirely at their ov.-n expense. Those figures showed, that in' all there .were 126 schools*'in. the province in which were provided the. blessings of a religious as well as a secular education for 8,107 little children. Besides those primary schools there were several high schools, and it was very remarkable that the principal ones among them were; denominational. They had Prince Alfred' College for the Wesleyans, St. Peter's forj the Anglicans, and Way College was under the auspices of \the Bible 1 Christian body- It was a singular fact thatwher.e.the system; did not provide the education the parents, wanted, and they were in a position to pay for it, those parents took care that the. schools they established should be denominational. * He honestly believed; that if the parents of tlie whole of South Australia' had to pay for the education of their children to-morrow and schools had . to be. erected at their own cost and Hot out of the: public purse, three-fourths of the children would in a few months be, found not ut secular but at denominational schools. Me believed that the people of South , Australia were a religious people, and. that thev desired the blessings of religion to be, secured in the amplest form to the young. Deiioniinationalism was no; new thing to South Australia. At one -time it was recognised by the State. Hiea>lace of honour, so far as his opinion went, in the record of work done for religious education* belonged to the.T-iUtheraiis. Jn 1839 they were so impressed With the necessity for religion in the training schools that they established two—one at Glen Osmond aud tfae other at Klemzig. In 1840 they... started another at Hahndorfand two years later one at Bethany. The records an connection with the. early work of the Anglicans was, noi available, but in 18SS they had eleven; schools witli 800 children attending them. Their own records were somewhat imperfect. In 1R46 St. Patrick's <*Titf5h was built with the intention of subsequently turning it into a school so soon as the number of Catholics iu the locality multiplied to enable them to erect a more commodious place of worship. At about the same time Bishop Murphy went to Ireland and Rome to secure the services of •a community of teaching brothers. In 1848 - the Franklinstreet school was being erected, and at that time two lay teachers, a schoolmaster and his wife, were conducting a Giitbolic school. The principle of denomihationaUsni was not likely to die out. -The Anglicans had increased.theii: schools dnring::the past ten years at a rate of over 100 per 'cejit., and within the past two years the Dominicans had built their magnificent pile in Franklinstreet at a cost of several thousands of nounds, and the Marist Brothers had established themselves with a teaching staff at Port Adelaide, while only on. -the previous night he had given his sanction ,for tlie erection of a school at MiUicent. Some of their opponents said that denominational schools accentuated religious differences, and that thai would be a foolish, pernicious thing to do. He asked those people would the-non-recognition by the State of the denominational schools crush them out of existence. The answer must necessarily bs "No." -He hoped their schools and those of the, Anglicans aud the Lutherans were going" on in perpetuity. The denominational schools had licfd their own from the infancy of the colony, and they would continue to hold their own to the-very end. Eight thousand children were going .to these schools, and the parents of many of those children went in their childhood to those schools, and they could remember what a sacrifice and struggle it was for them to find the money to keep them going. Could they feel anything but bitter-, ness against those who "scooped the pool," and applied it for the benefit of their own children, and left one-fourth, of the population to find the cost of- educating their own iittle ones? Tt was said that the agitationi was causing bitterness, and they were acting very foolishly in keeping it up. Indeed! 1 Suppose be went into partnership with three others, and their .first, years transactions Tesulted in a profit of £400, aud the three others divided that :sum amongst themselves. Was he, because he protested against gucb -action to be called a downright bad, mischief-making, quarrelsome man? Call him what names they would, they would not stop him, and he would .do everything he nossibly could to get that money for thre benefit of the Catholic, Lutheran, and Anglican children. Some writer in one of the newspapers that morning, —poor fool he would call him—hinted that he was seeking to provoke a civil war. God bless tlie m&ct;! A nice soldier'he would make at his age, with scarcelv a sound bone in his body. .The good "man must have had a 'jurse telling him ghost stories at the time when his imagination could not bear lales c£ hobgoblins, aud his fears must have been Strong ever sinceu In concluding his address the Archbishop said they had no immediate hope of gaining the ..rant fr/r their private schools. It would ™ .s r *iie years before the consummation of the-^ hopes would come. That -was plain and pertain. But the sooner they began to fi jeh'r for their rights the sooner would th<*,je rights come to them. ' His puroose ^'"J the purpose of his people, so far as he lirvew their minds—and he had had opportunities of learning their views during the past few weeks—was to use every right which the law gave them to bring-about the aecomT) 1 irihment of their desires. They intended to use their light to petition'Parliament. They intended to force their cause on public attention, and to go on that programme quietly, calmly, pa fcnmtty. and charitably, .but nerseveringly TOifcd their end was gained. Thev had the J^stftst of just claims, aud they did not take •Ae incoherent ramblings of a few people wlio_ wrote to the newspapers as the opinion of the people of South Australia. The Arehbiahop was listened to with the greatest attention, .and bv acclamation the people assembled tendered their thanks to him for his address. 