[?] By " BLACKBIRD. - 'i , NOTES. ' The St Amend dub. wiU run off. its President's Stake, lfa»U-ages, at Is, onl9thinst ' Coursing was at Numurkah last week, when thelErahib ran off an all-aged'stake. ThqHBfer turned up in Mr. J. W. HartshofflBjfek w d Bide-a- Wee, by Ghost — Fljgyfcich beat Mr. C. W. Morrissy ns bk w b Faith .31., by Novelist — Daisy Belle In the deciding course. The Bendigo Plumpton club, in con sideration of the Waterloo Cup meeting on Thursday (second day), has decided to, if possible, confine its midwinter meeting to one day — Wednesday. With this laudable object in view, to avoid the clashing of two meetings, the nomlna-. tion lists were closed two days before the advertised time, with 24 entries in 'each event. The Murchison and Dargalqng club will entertain coursers on 15th and 16th August with the Noorilim Stake, an event for 32 all- ages, at £1 Is, to which is added £15 fey the club. The event is expected to fill, and the prize is worthy of patronage from metropolitan owners. Nominations close on 12th August. Mr. >Tom Chadwick will act as judge. One day lost week a match for £5 a-side was run on the Bendigo plumpton between Mr. Blackwell's Rose of Den mark and Mr. Lewis Worry, the conditions being the best two courses out of three. Worry was much too good for Rose, and won the first two courses very easily. Mr. W. J. Lowndes was judge, and Mr, C. P. Burridge slipper. The failure of the Benaua club's meet ing last week is no doubt due to the fact of the meeting not being properly adver tised. By that I mean that particulars were not conveyed to coursing men through the proper channel ; otherwise, not edvertised ir the journal which for years past has been recognised as the coursing Authority for Victoria. Enough for the wisdom uf the management. The stakes only half filled, one of th© chief events— the Oaks — being, in fact, run off with a third of the number of nominations called for. Darstone proved that bis victory over lvrerTcen at this club's opening meeting on 7rii June was no fluke by easily disposing of Mr. James Nichols puppy in the Derby 41 decider." Mr. A. B. Pearson carried off the Oaks in two courses, defeating Silver Rose and J. Meredith's Ruby M. Mv. Pearson had donated £5 5s to this stake as well as the Derby, and it must have indeed been a poor consolation for a sportsman of Mr. Pearson's type t-c have won his own money back. The Maffra club on Thursday held its opening meeting on the Ncwburn Tark Estate, kin fly placed at its disposal by- Mr. Glassford". There was a large attend ance, and the weather was all that could be desired. Hares were plentiful and ran stoutly, and some grand trials resulted. The stake was divided between Mr.W. Stir- line's fawn bitch puppy Silence, by Silence — Cornelia, and Mr. A. Claredou's f b Lovclettcr, by Kildare — Trilby. In the deciding course the pair ran an undecided, each scoring three points, and when put into slips next time neither dog could reach the hare, and the owners agreed to divide. Mr. Bannister discharged the secretarial duties in an efficient manner, and the slipping was well performed by Mr. D. Maxwell. The opening meeting of the Tabilk and Wahring club, after being twice post poned, was brought to a successful issue on 5th inst. It was no uncommon sight, a correspondent informs rue, to see a trial extend over three or four miles, and the severity of the courses found out the weak spots" in the dogs. The stake, which was for an unlimited number of all ages, was eventually won by Mr. Borth wick's Finn (Steadfast- — Stella), who defeated Mr. W. Linehan's Blue Ribbon (Novelist — Daisy Belle) rather easily in the final. Blue Ttibbou beat Mr. Borthwick's other nomination — Dimmer — on the opening day, but the Murchison sportsman — whoso win was most popular — had his revenge with what pigeon shooters term their second barrel. A supplementary stake was also decided, and resulted in a win for Mr. W. Smeaton's Florence (Monarch — Stella), owing to her opponent Creole (The Dane — Hopatia) having to be drawn in consequence of injury received in a previous course. Mr. John Adams officiated as judge, and gave general satis faction. as also did the slippers, Messrs. B. Maweon and Jos. Adams. Hares were plentiful at the Burrum- beet and Ercildoune club's meeting on Saturday, and there were some long. gTuelling courses. The event— the Trial Stakes, of 36 puppies at 30s. each — was divided bv Air. J. Shaw with the full sisters, Flying Doe and Yellow Girl, who were got by Tarana from Beautiful Girl. Tarana'e Pride (writes 41 Amesburv ") has whelpod nine pups to the English sire For My Sake. The hitch, which 16 in the care of Mr. Abel Webb, on this side of the Murray, is doing well, but Mr. Yates has decided to only keep seven of the litter. The Victorian Board of Health has given Mr. Webb permission to lead Tarana's Pride out into a paddock every day for exercise, and, therefore, the New South Wales bitch is receiving more consideration from the officials in Vic toria than she would get from the powers that be in New South Wales. There she would have been compelled to put in six months' quarantine on Shark Island ; here private quarantine is permitted, with extra liberty, under proper super vision, for exercise. It will be remem bered that Tarana's Pride, in company with other Sydney greyhounds, com pleted in the last English Waterloo Cup, and while the rest were sold, the daughter of Tarana was kennelled with For My £ake. The last-named was got by Freshman from Forget Me Not II., by Londoo. \--V, -a»- 4 - at«XM»ting<>t ihs Hatttfiil dteMlng dab, hdd' sit the bffiott, GollinLctnet, yesterday ttftemoon, the case of ibie-dog uemolo, disqualified by -the Bdfiffigo Plumpton flonreing .Ohu for imprbpto entry In the Derby pn the i&. Nay last, wssdeelt vfth.and the die, qualification of the dog wee upheld- Mr. Coombs' suggestion for an amal gamation of the 1 " leading clubs of the vuioaseolooies, wit a -view of having one Australian Ctm_on a luge seele, was deferred nntiLroday next, when the members will discuss it at Moonee Valley during the luncheon hoar. 