Dead orAlive? CHAPTEE YII. ' T am n brute — a suspicious wretch !' ho told himself yet ho tilt poj; yetrnco his footsteps. Top much was staked upon his knowledge of tho actual state of the enso to shirk facing tho n;pt$ insignificant item in tho chain of evidence which should lend pp to the discovery of jr Lionel'. lie opened tho door and walked up tho turret staircase which was lighted by oil-lamps under rose-coloured shades, to tt)£ door of tho turret-room. Hero he paused a moment. Ho heard no sound. He felt, rather than thought, that Ludovieo was pot in cither of his rooms. i Proa|ily pot— very likely continuing the search,' he thought. In tho' country, pcoplo did not 'jooktiiomsclvos in as they did in town;- Tho open door did not excito nny suspicion iu 111s unuu. Ho knockod at tho door of tho " tuiyet- room, and, bending his head, listened. lie did not hear a sound. Onco more ho knocked, ppd waited— 110 response from within. This was strange. Sure ly Lady Gauntlett would no.t hnvo retired, having lamps burn ing and .the door communicating with the park open, unguarded'.? After a minute or two of hesita tion ho tiicd (ho door-handle very gently, feeling, almost ashamed Ui«ma iiuyiiiivuuu iu uui iii ,w stT jattempt to enter Lady Gauntlett's 0 sanctum uninvited and uuexpect- . rcd, To Lis ' surprise, the door ! was unlocked. He stood in the doorway, nothing between him ! and tho room but the heavy portieres. 1 Just hs he softly olosed the. door behind him .with one hand ' and parted the curtains with the ' other, ho started at a sound — a peculiar sound— neither moan nor ' groan nor cry nop gnsp — rather j p .sobbing sigh of reliof, such as he once heard a woman give when she mot licy .only oliild after a long separation. That had -beeA : Ofdhum railway-station. The gqurid and tho mother's clasp of JiM child to ,hcr breast had so afl'ebted him, he did' not know .wliy, that the impression remain ed. 1 ' $0.w ho started, and looked .fearfully into the room. As he looked, .as lie peeped' into tho halfnlightcd apartment, he stool as if .paralysed. / , He saw two figures clinging' ; together— fi sLerder woman in a loose creamy robe, her whito arms thrown around the .neclc of a tall, v tman in a long cloak. .There was no hope that he .could be deceived in tho identity of the womnn. He saw no featuro,. for his head was bent ; but the upturned fiice— whifo, passionato — was the fuco of Ella's mother — oj Aly s, . Lady .Gauntlett ! For a few moments he remain ed staring, pghost. The figures Were motionless. Then ho heard (qpb,wbrd, pntionately ,.uttered: — / Darling !' It was Lady Gaunt- -lett's yojqe that .uttered tho en dearment'; it was Lady Gauntlett's still beautiful profile that he saw as she raised her face as ' if in ndoratjpn of tho ono which met hers." " ;£ord Gonway had just sense , enough- left to drop the .cur,taiu8, to .open and close .tlie clpor as v. : gpntiy as possible, > .to mokei his ay down the narrow staircase, .through the old graveyard, .and -hack into the depths of .the 'shrjubherl There wps ,no more .weirdness, jnt yague .notion pi supernatural influences about him now. Ghosts < Imight have appealed to him then .and he Yould not Jbaye felt the suspicion of a "shivor. Faot— hoVihlo' fact— had confronted him ; fact dogged his footsteps ;i \- m shackled liirn with her gyves hold him as in a vice. 'Heavens,' ho cried to himself looking up into thp starlit sky, > after all; slip is false— deceitful .< — baso to thp core 1 -What is to \- jbo done?' One thing alone was plain to' 1, Lim. Howpyer rjgidly hp might j>feger.vo tliis .secret ' revelation. >s-. he ,co,nld hot possibly continue / lips' nssumptiop ,of responsibility, j '.'It a rill too plain,' he thought, i. shuddering with -- horror! ' Sir Lionel's jealousy was founded on \- filet. That' I know "now. I require no further proof — tha was her anxiety to get lid of me to-day.' What could it all mean ? A disagreement, a sudden disappear ance, a blood-stained handkerchief of tho wife's found on tho hus- bupdto fable under a confused mass of papers; a fusee-case dropped on tho road to tho rail- way-stqtion, and evidence from tho station-master as to a gentle man, answering in main points to tho description of the missing man, having left for London on the morning after the quarrel be-- tween husband and wife ; . then the explanatory letter, wild in its ideas, but calm in the manner in which those ideas woro ex pressed. T nnnnnf rrr% nn xttWVi if ' wna bv vu his conclusion, as he walked bask to Castle Belmont. ' AH I can do for my poor, poor Ella is to watch and to kebp my own counsel.' jj.0 arrived at ins nomo ai gray dawn, and, rousing tho stuoloman, managed' to enter the Castle wtthout disturbing jhp household. The next morning, after quieting his mother's mis givings and anxieties on tfie subject of his connection with 1 tho mad Gauntletts,' as she oalled them in her disappointment at her son's predilection, ho went up to town. But, 'the object of journey beipg merely to shift his responsibilities, Jfr3 returned "to' B.olmon.t the same night. ' My dear boy, do you leave us again to-morrow ?' nsked his mo ther somewhat querulously that ivening. - His reply reassured her. . First t was an eloquent shake of tho icad, such as a man gives when' lskcd, after escaping a danger, whether ho is about to ooufront it again ; then it vyashis speech—: I nm afraid that your future eomplaint, mother, will be that I am too much of afixturohere,' During those hours )io had ma'do himself acquainted with as much as ho could gather of tho Gauntletts' affairs. He knew sretty well that Boy Pole was loir to Sir Lionel's personal for- tnhp, and that a cousin was heir: to the baronetcy and " entailed propety.' Thus Boy Pole was summoned by Lord Conway to take the helm of tho fdunderiog jsihijp-nr in other words, the foundering fortunes of Alys, Lady Gaunt lett. ' ' ' CHAPTEB VIII. Boy Pole left tho Central Criminal Court oppressed with anger. Hp was angry with Lord Conway for writing thqt disturbing letter, with himself for opening and rending it im mediately before his work began, > with the witnesses f orthedef ence, with tho jury wbo gave tho ver dict against his client, .with .the judge, but! abovb'nll,' with him-' self, for allowing his thought and sympathies to wander from the unfortunate prisoner at thebar to tlie Gauntlett affairs. ' Wliat in the world epp have poipo to me .to carp p rqp about' money I can't; tell !' ho thought, .as -ho drove homo rapidly ,in his brougham, Well; J hayo given a blow to' my reputation to-day which, if I' am not" very much mistaken, will undo mo work of ycara.' ' How it had happened that the sympathies of tho judge, jury and oven witnesses had been so utterly aUenpt.ed from the un happy prisoner he (co.hld not imagine, ft seemed a fatality- dull .though he Had been,' ho had seen many a less miserable being saved froih tho hangman's: hands by a less sympathetic jury. ' As sopp ps he arrived in Magdala Avenue, he gpve orders to his valet to paefc f<5r' p week's abse.nee.' He would .travel alone. Tfien lie sat down and wro.tp ".a long and persuasive appeal ,to Ihp Homo Secretary on behalf of 'tho young .woman now .under sentenpe of death for murdering Her hu> band.' ' I" hope it will hayp some effect lie thought,' as he .took a copy of "the letter. ' Just then Miss <gip- in? hey bpnhot'on, her thin cheeks sljghtiy flushed. ' ",'I hear two extraordinary statements ,' shp said, in her precise, pedantic wayrr-'ope from Mason'-'— the clerk— 'that you Jia'yp a yerdiot aguinst you ; the other from Franois ' the yalpt— .' that you leave plone for a' week 1' ' Qufte true/ said her 'brother,! restoring the copying-book to its: placo on a sholf. .' 1 start from Euston 7. 1.5 ' : " ,'Wb6rp hhall I forward yopr' letters?' ( TATlniinilnil- ' nnfl fllO' , XV Ut»UUMvl|V WUkV| JI MO .vuvr reply. Miss Polo know her only bro ther, who was in fact, tho only ncqr relative she Had ra the Wrid well enough hot to pursue inqui ries. She also knew her duties. She went to the kitchen, ordered .ah impromptu dinner to he served at sixo'olook, andsthyed procee dings, for tho usual dinner at 8 ; 1 then she and her maid joined Francis in tjjie paokiqg, " 'j An hour or two later Mi. Pole1 : was seated in an express train on his way to Dehby function'. Herp ho alighted ; but, instead ,ot pontinurag lus journey Dy tne loop line, which he must travel by to reach Gauntlett Court, he ordered a room at iho Bailway Hotel, and had a trap got ready at once to drive him" oyer to Belmont Castle. i He did pot intend to -let the' .grass grow under his feet during this visit of inquiry ..in ire . Sir Lionel Gauntlett's strange disap- pearance. x>ui, wune ub iiuu thpught 'matters ovpr in the train ho had determined that Jjii.s .first step was to see tho young Yis-' .coupt who had written to him, as Miss .Gahutleft's utiiih huBhand should naturally write, : " 4 I must arrive at'Gauntlett Court in full possession of the facts,' ho thought. He had po idea' as to what sort pf a man Lord Conway might he. Hp might be an awful fool or a con- J -.I t-' i.. L.i i. _ ceupu .prig.; pw w.uuiever jib might be, Boy Polo had liad plen ty' of practice in eliciting .the truth from all sorts of men and women. He did not fear that an interview '.with Lqrd Conway would be waste of preoious time. Driving through the .country, lanes in thp keen night air of early autumn, he deigped to con verse with the groom of the Bail- way Hotel, who happened to be a young fellow of some character. Hy heard that the Earl of Swan s','' Lord Conway's fpther, was much esteemed in the neighbour hood ; that tho Countess, though rumour accused her of having a: sharp teiiiper, was kind-hearted; that the Beimont .Castle estate was a poor concern, being farmed at a loss ; that both parents wor shipped their only son. Gossip had- not yet connected his name with iiat of the oldoy and pre- snihed heiress of the rich bayonet, Sir Lionel Gauntlett; A' fovf lights doftod bpyp and therp about the great gray oastel- lated pile! whioh wqs built .op an artificial hill, assured Mr Pole ihot tho household .withiii this old thiolc'stone wall of Bejmont Cas- i tlo sras still up and stiyring. The gate-porter seemed ostQnished to; see a visitor so lqte 'at night,' bnt! the .butler, who opened fhp' hall; door, had some idea that this de-i tormraed- looking geatlemanmight! be the guest' Lord .Ccm.ay had; mvAn sfrinl nriArfl nhnn. " — » '.'You are Mr. Pole, sir?' ho'; asked. Then, when Boy Polej hauded him hip pard, ho said,,' (Tn n PAnnravr ia in fiin rvil I inttil _ 1 -xiUiu vuunnj IO JIU kouu uiiuaiu"1 room with his lordship, I think, sir; but, 'if you will walk into tho library, he tyill pome to( you,' ' " ! " " ' ! It was a fine -library— a lofty! circular room, literally lined wyth books, aU(,'.tihd'er glass. ' 'There: were threb galleries, and two spiral stpirppsps leading .tp>.the; gallories. ln'.thp diqi light — but two or three shaded iapolps .wejrtf on the tables— a great; statue of Plato in whito marble looked ghostly and almost out' of' place among rno provaiupg rea- Drown hups:" ' ' "» Boy Pole stood glanoing around for a fdw 'minutes ; .then ,thp door, opened hurriedly, and Lord Con way entered. ' As he crossed the room .with a; quick borvous troad, the hams ter's reading of liirn was-'A good-looking youpg Jtellpw— oppressed with asecret-T-imagines himself, and perhaps is, more or. iess in love— thinks himself in'-- vulnerable — obn bp mentally turned .inside out in ten minutes/ ' This is really loo good of; yqp,!' said Lord Conway. ' '6"f course you will stay with us ,tp-. night? Oh, but pray dp 1' Then he was prolific in his' offers ,pf( hospitality, and so genuinely anxious abppt his v&itpf;'s'comfort that Mr. Pole smiled to himsplf. ' 'I am thp boir,' he .thought. .'I uut ivgniijr .uiviucu w tuo wiiuuc whioh is generally' snpposed' to belong to .the girl this young man - is to many. ' I ought to bp .'this, young fellow's natural enemy.1 His welcome is a! genuine yel-s come — matters must be in a curious state at .Gaqhtlett Court.'' Dp excused himself ftom ac-; cepting more than slight refresh-; mont, which Lord .Conway im-; mediately ordered, betraying his' agitation and nervous condition still morp- to hi? experienced guest by lys manner " when jhe rang, by the tone of his voice voice when ho gave his orders to. the footman, by his restless cross-' ing and uncrossing of nis legs when he.gat down, and his fidget- w.ith his.wateh-ohain. ' Nervous irritability,' thought: Mr. Pole, feeling interested in the young man, both as ii new object in his study of Iranian nature and as one of the principal dramatis perspnse in. .the Gaunt-; left draijia. . He assumed a kind fatherly manner, and talked pommpuplaccs for a few minutes/ Then, after; a servant had broiight ju a .tray of sherry and biscuits, and brandy and soda,, he bccume confidential. Whilp , drinking his sherry he gave'Lori Couway an account of his failnre, .almost His first com plete failure .pf jjhp Bar. Thus expanaiy;q iind .debonair, his siqter, jjyaia wonia narpiy navo recog nised hiui." ' Bu't Bole .was. suffipieutly ye'rqect the flys- terics of ,thp bumqii -hpar ' io know that thp besr yay #.9 cqiifidohces "frooa another is' Jo! give your own,' ihe .npoo ireiay! and unasked the .better. ' i Being able' , to ,tefi .ap .aftpr,-! dinner stqry 'as well as ,'ie ,pould| make an appeal to a jury, t)nsi aocbupt' qf tpe' .trial wad .in itsalf; so interesting that Lot Conway': bepaipp fist less agitated, then: his attention and sympathies were thoroughly rpuspd ; $sn' he ft' that the map hqfpre him was sound, real, and hp was cheered as bp .remembered thpt Ella was in a worldly sense at Boy Pole's1 meray. This, man was not a; despoiler of widowp and orphans,1 not a mpn who loved money.' i .' You make me feel quite a culprit, Mr. Pole,' ho said, after, expressing sympathy. 'Perhaps if ypu bad not received my letter —if its untimely arrival bad not distracted your ,f houghts — alii might have gone well' frith .this case of yours/ .'Most ,of , us .get pur rebuffs sooner qr later,-' sqid Mr. Pole suruggiug mssnouiaers, -om.uow to bur ,hpsjlti®ASr all "this raptp about Sir Libiiel Gauntlett?; He has gone away — well pnd: <ynnfT ArwtnfriA mnn- under the cpndUiops of'his birib, it would be absiird to expect Sir Lionel's brain fb bavp -,tbe ordin ary balance— will do these .extra-1 ordinary things- qceasipnally. It is a gi.eat pity the family allqwed is;l0 'DO Known, xlo >viu iyru up all ijght.spphpr .than any ojpp ex- pepts. How did it all happen ?' | Lord Conway .told thp .whole Ittory, the barrister checking him now und then by a remprk or a leading question. ' He related; how he had asked Bir Lionel for Ella's hand, and that he had re-; eeivefi that which from pny other man .would have been a rndo .re- jeotion— hpw .that samp evening Sir Jjionei had been . thought' by; more .tnan ope person strange.'. Afterwards, latp in .the evening,- it i.-j ' luuiu uuu ubuu— py luuxxy yuyu- lett had listed .to him— an ,pp- pleasant interview between hps- band and wife— an interview which ended in Lady Gauutlett's leaving Sir Lionel and .rotiripg to: her own room for. the night. Lady Gauntlett had further stated that parly jn .tho momjug she learned that Sir Lionel was nof in his rppips, and'tbat the puter door .to' the turrpt had peon left oppn.. Hero Lord Conway paused and madp d diagram of .thpiuiret, thp situation of whioh bp explained to Mr. Po.lp, . Seprch wiis jrpadp in aii direef ions— the ponds were dragged, tlib woods beaten as it wero but. no traoo vpf Sjr Liopel discovered. Meauwhilo , Lady Ganntlott bad been in a terrible state of mind— sho bad asked Lord Conway to'' examine her husband's rooms, which sho had. found in a stnto of eonfueioii. ' Did you searoh the rooms ?' asked Mr. Pole, as if careless. Ho stopped the story at thispoiat, for he had seen a change of colour in Conway's face, and was at onoe on tho alort.. . 'I did,' said Lord Conway, looking him straight in the eyes — 'with— Miss Gauntlett,' he ad ded, with just n little defiance in his tone. When cross-examining a wit ness, if that witness made an as sertion with more vigour .than was called for, or. he oould detect the faintest defiance in tone of voice or manner, Boy Pole knew that he must pause, that there was something to be borrowed for thnt might ropay tho burrowing. When Lord Conway paled, and then spoke ronghly and met his eyes with, an expression of des peration, the lawyer believed the young man's summons to him originated in some discovery he made in Sir Lionel's rooraB. « Yes— yon and Miss Gauntlett searched the rooms,' he said in a nonohalent manner, taking out his watch and glanoing from the familiar dial to the great blaok marble olook on the mantlepiece to compare evidence; and. yon found ' ' Sir Lionel's bedroom much as usual,' said Lord Conway— 'the library' in a state of confusion.' Hero Mr. Pole began to ques- tion him, ana tno more ne ques tioned, the more Lord Conway winced and wriggled. He had. determined to keep the finding of the blood-stained handkerchief of Lpdy Gauntlett to himself. He fenped with the bewildering questmns, ana renoea wen. _ noy Pole admirpd him for his chivalry "while he moire than suspected ho wps hiding some fapt which might implicate some one pf -the- ladies 'fprqiiy. He did not wish to" be hard on the young Yisoount, who had'iuspired him with a genuine feplipg'of friendship, but he was- determined fo kpoyv all;that Lord' ' "'f Ijoy, lopk here,' ho' said, .ring pnd .stepping towards him-/' y op and I prp not at one. T is .plftib tp .me. Jlow I pan' t qtav flighty jk.ut I .don't; budgp puoanch till \vo .understand; oue anpthpr- Dp .til! now j bpvo; Konr. tVio Iflwvnr. vnn the witness. That jgiir not" do :in tis case.: You must trust ,mp. Thp.Gaunt-. letts are not my , blood relations,' but in one sense they are more.' I cannot help heinS blr t9 niy aunt, who giagried Sir Liopel ;; and 'sp littlp havo I .counted on my expeotatiopp that I nayo de livered myBelf over body and: aoql, as \t werp ,tp ipy irofes-. sipnal interests. I havp never antioioated mv actions in oasp of Sir Liopefcs dy/Pg before me—: quite a qbanoe, by-tho-yay, as I, belieye l .pm the same age, if not older— but that 1 snould.try .to Jo rightly by everyone. concerned/ knpw. That is .what J. mean.to do now. ' I intend to yrpigh eaoh;- one's interests, and measure jus-, .tieorto thosp interests. I shall leave nothing undone tp find and restore Sir Lioppl— ay, and to, ©reserve his life. Mv hand on ft.' ' It was firmly graaped -by Lrd Copway, and after that there was no further reserve. When Boy! Pple drove back fhrpugh the darkness to the Bailway Hotel at! Dr-rr-, be -Jninjr tfil, jnoiudiiig' tbo fact .that Lady Gauntlett had, bpen discovered by iber utpre. spn-iin-law in the arms pf a Jpyer.i TomcpyriNiiEp. i S j 