TWO 18ISH POETESSES. ? :. ^ ? BY VICTOR J. DALEY. (For thb Frbeman.) .1 may as well begin with the admission that in the imatter of literature I hold a brief for the Irish* ? ? 'Even when it comes to what should be cold 'impartial criticism, blood is thicker than water. The recollection of England, that rich and splendid country, in whose noble county of Devon I spent my early years, comes to me as the thought of a crimson flower in the noonday, but the memory of Ireland is like the scent of roses in the dark. The -last pixie died in Cornwall years ago, but in my native Ulster county the fairies still come out of the ' ' green rath on May Eve and dance in the pleasant meadow of Lough-na-Shade. Even James the First's Scotch Plantation could not scare away the fairies from their ancient haunts. Have I not on May Eve gone out with the boys and gathered the May flowers and branches of the rowan to hang over our door so that the Munster fairies — who were always at war with our fairies— should not enter in and put a twelvemonth spell on the house that would prevent the milk from ever coming to butter?. Andean I ever forget the old fairy thorn that grew in front of our door ? I used to sit in the heart of it and learn my lessons. And when it was in bloom it was a gr«»at white bridal bouquet, and when the snow was on the ground and the red haws had gone from the white thorn hedges, the thrushes from all the countryside used to come and make it a great blossom of song. One day my uncle, who was a Fenian and some thing of an unbeliever, noticed that one of its branches had spread over and was beginning to grow into the thatch of the house. So he took a \- saw and started to saw it off short. My grand ather cams out at this moment and threatened to cut him off with a curse if he cut the branch. ' It's bad enough,' said my grandfather, ' to have bad luck come to ye without looking for it; but to go and call it down upon you is only what a d — d fool or a Protestant would do.' So the branch remained and grew into the thatch and made a hole in the o o o My grandmother, who was a wise woman and skilled in the knowledge of herbs, took me out with her one day to gather dandelions and rosenoble. We were busy for little while in the meadow behind Leeman's, where all the larks used to live. Then I saw a little man in knee-breeches and a red waistcoat coming along, I pointed him out to my grandmother. 'That's a Leprechaun,' she said gravely; ' keep your eyes down, and don't look at him or he may put a spell on you.'* I did as she told me* because I knew that she knew all about these matters. ' Wait a minute or two,' she said, digging away with her scissors at a root of dandelion, 'wait, and he'll turn into a yellow ragweed.' But I could not wait long, and when I looked again I saw that the Leprechaun was Larry M'Gladhrikan, the stone-breaker, who used to wear a vest that was made out of a soldier's coat, o . o o But if my grandmother was liable to make an oc casional mistake with regard to the Daoine Shee, it was another affair with the Banshee. One night, when the ivy was beating against the Window, and clouds were hunting a haggard moon across the sky, she came and shook my shoulder. ' Do ye hear that keening r' she said. I listened and be lieved — and believe to this day — that I heard it. 'That's the Donnelly's Banshee,' she whispered; ?' Mary Donnelly's dying.' ' Why, grandmother,' I said, ' it may be Andy Burns's Banshee, because they say Andy Burns is dying.' There was no candle lit, so I could not see her well ; but the ring of scorn that was in her voice I can hear even now. ' Them with a Banshee,' she said. ' Why they're more than half Scotch; Set them up with a Ban shee ! Don't ye know that I'm a Donnelly (I did, but had forgotten the circumstance), and don't ye think that I ought to know the keen of the Don nelly Baushee?'' Mary Donnelly died at four o'clock that morning. And this is as true as that I am now writing on paper with pen and ink. ooo It is better than a rich inheritance to have been born in Ireland. Her very misfortunes — and they have been greater than those of any other nation known to history — made Ireland all the more pas sionately loved by her children. There are no such tender, caressing, loverlike names applied by any people to their native land as those which you will find in Irish applied to Ireland. She is the Dark Little Rose, she is Cushla Machree — Pulse of My Heart — she is Mavourneen, she is Silk O' the Kine — the silken-flanked, lustrous-eyed heifer, the beauty of the herd — and always she is The Sweet heart. Dean Ramsay tells a beautiful story of an old Irishwoman who was going to America with her children, but stayed to die in Liverpool. ' Father,' she said to the priest at her bedside, 'do ye think that my soul on its way to Heaven could pass through Ireland r' And now after all this preamble, which, is mostly meant for the kindly Irish-, I come to these two Irish. PoBteBBeB. The name of one of them— Katharine Tynan, who is now Mrs. Hinkson — Is well-known to all readers of current magazine literature. The other, Dora Sigerson, is a comparatively late arrival. She is married to that very clever writer, Mr. Shorter. To deal first with the first in the field,. Katherine Tynan has caught the wonderful sweet lilt of Irish airs in an altogether enviable way. For instance : — ' As I roamed out one morning, The stars were in the sky '; But Chanticleer his warning Had fi.ung it low and high, the little birds were talking, . ' . ? ? The mountains yet were gray, When Colleen DhaB came walking At dawning of the day.' Doesn't it sing itself ? And listen to this : — ' Mavrone ! if I might feel now the dew on my face And the wind from the mountains in that remem bered place, I'd give the wealth of London, if mine it were to do, And I'd travel home to Ireland and the foggy due.' Does not our poetess know now to handle the Irish caesura ? And now for a picture full of Celtic delicacy of colour : — ' As I walked out on May-day E'en, The land was like a girl in green, With bloom of pear and bloom of plum, Like lilies new in bloom. When I walked out the First o' May, The land a living emerald lay ; Soft flames of green the trees stood up Out of an emerald cup,' ' Flames of green' is beyond all question Celtic; So is the following— , Farewell. Not soon shall I forget — a sheet Of golden water, cold and sweet, The young moon with her head in veils Of silver, and- the nightingales. A wain of hay came up to the lane— O fields I shall not walk again, And trees I shall not see, so still, Against a sky of daffodil. Dora Sigerson, whose surname indicates a Leinster-Danish ancestry, is even more Irish than Katharine Tynan. She (Dora) is so passionately and dramatically Irish as to be at times almost inco. herent. But this does not come from her Irish in stinct — an instinct which makes rather for clarity and precision of epithet. It comes fram her revolt against the Fate which made her a woman. Renan fcaid that the leading charabteribtib of the Celtib genius was its reac'tion against the despotism o$ fact. Imagine, then, the rebellion which must stir in the heart of the Celtic woman who wants to be a man and cannot clearly see how to gratify her ambition ! ' There is danger on the waters— there is joy where dangers be — Alas ! to be a woman, and the nomad's heart in me,' ThiB is just the note struck by Alice Werner. But the feminine nature fcomes out all the game, ahd instead 6i the blue eyes, and the white bosoms, and the golden hair of the he-poets, Dora sings about the ' manly breaot' and the ?? dear black head'* %Cean Dhu Beelish) of the male Idol. This pecu liarity rather detracts from the interest of her poems. I speak, of course, from the point of view of a man. It is impossible to help being jealous of the other fellow. The great abiding comfort is that in most of the poems under notice he is dead, ooo The «? Ballad of the Little Black Hound ' is very fine, but too long to quote. But there are shorter pieces in the volume which are not less fine in their degree. Take now and read slowly ' The Fair Little Maiden ': — 'There is one at the door, Wolfe O'Driscoll, At the door, who is bidding you come !' ' Who is he that wakes me in the darkness, Calling when all the world's dumb ?' ?♦ Six horses has he to his carriage, Six horses blacker than the night, And their twelve red eyes in the shadows, Twelve lamps he carries for his light. '. And his coach is a coffin black and mouldy, A huge black coffin open wide. He asks for jour soul, Wolfe O'Driscoll^ ' Who is calling at the door outside.' '« Who let him through the gates of my garden, Where stronger bolts have never been?'1 ' 'Twas the father of the fair little maiden You drove to her grave bo green.' 'And who let him pass through the courtyard. By loosing the bar and the chain ?' ' Oh, who but the brother of the maiden, Who lies in the cold and the rain !' ' Then who drew the bolts at the portal, And into my house bade him go ?' ' She, the mother of the poor young maiden, Who lies in her youth so low.' 41 Who stands, that he dare not enter ' The door of my chamber between ?' ' ' ' O, the ghost of the fair little maiden, Who lies in the churchyard green,' ' 