A FAIR BRIGAND. (BY CHARLES IIORTON.) CHAPTER XXX.— (Continued.) "No; ho did not cnll and pay his respects to the representative of his country." "No; ho rushed back to Homo hy the first boat. llo had great respect Tor .\Ir. Creamer." Mr. Orouchcr talked so low that lie was sur- rounded hy a circle of listeners, all bending for ward to hear. "lie said: 'If Creamer's iuuually up there, it's no use for me to go. I'll hurry back to Rome, and have the field alone for it while.' Lovell told me that same balloon story, to Illustrate Creamer's genius. He said that. Creamer sot fire to the balloon nnd pounded him self black and blue with a club. Professor Calvl, tilts Italian, Is now living as Prince Calvi in Naples. Ho has forty dollars a month settled on him for life by the newspaper. Lovell says that ho has frequently seen hint." "I'll never believe it!" cried Mr. Burrows, Indignantly. "Why doesn't Mr. Lovell expose him?" "it would only advertise a rival sheet. Be sides, 1 suppose Lovell is sorry lie didn't think of so clever a scheme himself." At tills moment Mr. Creamer appeared In the doorway tn the full splendor of evening dress. His handsome, face was (lushed with excitement nnd pleasure. Ills blue eyes beamed benignly over lite assemblage, and two little cur.s that fell upon his forehead at either side of the part in linir daunt Ingly proclaimed the full triumph of youth and vigor. So much wisdom and benignity crowning so young a brow made him seem Indeed a modern Hermes. As Mr. Burrows gazed upon that beaming countenance, the frown which Ills own had worn dispersed like a cloud before the sun. "Calumnies," lie muttered, "jealous ea'otn- nies." Mr. Creamer advanced into the room, owed by a servant bearing a box that was e' , gently heavy. "l'lit it here," ho commanded, pointing to a round table standing in tho middle ot the floor. Tho flunkey obeyed, mid departed. Every eyo was now fastened upon Mr. Creamer; the entire company bud gathered about hint. Taking from his pocket a tiny key, lie unlocked the box. H eontnlned it handsome silver set, lit four heavy pieces. "Ladies and gentlemen," he said, "tho 'Bally Daily,' tho greatest, newspaper on tho face of tho civilised globe, presents Litis sliver set to Mr. nnd Mrs. Joseph Chandler Brown, and wishes them length of 11 fo and happiness of days!" Pushing through to tho young couple, he seized the right hand of Brown and the left hand of Kyriakonht. "Coil bless you, my cliildren!" ho said, with genuine emotion In bis voice. "Creamer blesses yotl on behalf of the 'Daily Daily.' " No exponso htul been spared: in purchasing the silver set, nor in the elaborate engraving which had been dono upon II. Mr. Burrows, adjusting his spectacles, lifted one ot the heavy pieces and read aloud: "Presented hy .Tphn Creamer, Com missioner of the 'Daily Daily," sworn circulation 750,000, to Dr. and Mrs. Joseph Chandler Brown." "John Creamer." "Daily Dally," and "750,000" were in letters an inch high. It was for the remainder of tho Inscription that Mr. Burrows needed It is spectacles. Gallantly handing tho key to Kyriakoula, Mr. Creamer crossed tho room to shake hands with liis deaf colleague Croucher, twirl was soon giving the Consul a graphic account of his last incursion into Turkey. "Ever see a massacre?" he inquired. "No? Magnificent sight — that is, of course, from a newspaper standpoint. I was standing in the window ot my hotel, looking out on as peaceful a scene ns you ever saw. All at once I heard somewhere a single pistol shot. Then, in tho twinkling of nil eye, half the population drew crooked swords from under their looae, flowing garments, and began cutting the throats of tho other half. Tho Turks jumped about like mad. I saw one of them grab a woman by the hair and jab Ills knee into iter back, v.hilo another cut her throat. One man yanked a baby out of tho mother's arms a.nd killed it, whilo another despntehed the mother. Her screams ended in a liquid gurgle, like those of a drowning person Just sinking Into tlie water " "Horrible! horrible!" cried the. Consul.- "Is there no God in heaven?" His excitement was Jusllflod, for this timo even the famous commis sioner found it impossible to exaggerate. . "In less timo than I can talro to tell it.' two rows of bodies stretched before me, malting a path between them. You can imagine my desire to rush forth " "To aid thorn," said the Consul, finishing the sentence. "No! That is, what could one mun'havo done? To get to the telegraph ofllec, of course. But tlicy might have killed me, too, and so the great est opportunity of my life would have been lost. But tho English Consul helped mo out of my quandary. He sent an escort to take mo over to the Consulate." It was, perhaps, fortunate that Kyrlakouln could not understand English. This narratlvo was not suitablo for tho ears of a half-hour's bride. Mrs. 'Williamson was seated on a sofa with her arm about Kyrlakottla's waist. Noticing that tho girl was seized with slight spasms of trem bling, she pre&sod; her waist gently and patted her cheek In a motherly way. Kyriakoula nestled closer, smooth and warm as a young lioness, nnd cast a glance at. her that seemed half grati tude. half despair. "Her eyes are actually black," mentally ejacu lated tho director's wife. "Mow curious that I told the Countess yesterday they were brown!" "I'm beginning to receive tho proofs of my book." said Bayloy to Dr. Brown, ns soon .as tho two found themselves together. "They're send ing them in very fast. I got a wad this morning that kept mo busy pretty nearly the whole day." Brown was greatly excited. "I must see your book immediately. I ennnot go on with mine until I learn what importance you assign to Argive influences on Attic bronzes." "I'll tell you plainly, Doctor, I assign nono af all." "None at all?" "Plainly; no. I do not And among nil my Acropolis bronzes a single one whoso ornamenta tion cannot ho traced either to local or to Icnic influences." -i "But I cannot let sueli a statement go without a systematic and, If I might use the term, ofltclal rebuttal. Mil on can I got the first copy of your book? I have always attached great importance to your studies, Mr. Dayloy, uud do yet; but I can convince tho world— I do not despair of con vincing even you lliat you aro now on tho wrong track." "Oh, I say! That's putting it rather strong. If I didn't know what a crank you are on Heraeutn bronzes. I should call your language almost un professional!" "Now don't bo offended, my flanr Mr. Bnyloy. If I didn't know the importance attached In learned circles to vour opinions, T should not deem it so necessary to refute them when lltey nro misleading. If you will pardon tho sugges tion, your error litis arisen from the fact that you have not given sufllclent attention to the Argive School. Ilod you spent four years, as I Itavo done, studying Heraetim bronzes, you would have realised I hat tho 'motifs' of the Argive School have had a far-reaelting influence, and can he re cognised In tho bronzes of many other regions. Such Is tile ease, for instance. In tho Acropolis bronzes. I have not sliidied those so deeply as you lutvo done, but il is Kiifllelent ror nte to east my eye over tho collection to detect the familiar earmarks of Argive 'motif.' " "If yon wish to attack my hook," Interrupted Bayloy, "you shall have the proofs immediately. There Is a mall to London— let mo see— the day after to-morrow. Yntt shall have the proofs early In tho morning. I would not. impede yoijj- valu able researches for a moment, if the scientific world know that 1 had kept It, waiting for any thing from yotl, I should become tho most unpopu lar man on earth," Dr. Drown did not undci-stana the Irony. A Napoleonic dream bad taken possession of him lately. Ho was already tho greatest, living Authority on Argive Bronzes. If health and tiro were spared to him, might, he not alter 10, per haps 20 years, of unremitting toil, emtio to he known as The Authority on Antique Bronzes. Not "tho greatest," simply "The," as Sappho Is called "Tho Poetess." "I must have these proofs of lJayley's before I put pan to paper again," be reflected. "In sus- tfllning my own theory I'll show so great a knowledge ot his speciality that 1 shall heat him on his own ground." "Didn't the Turks attack the Consulate?" in quired tho British clergyman. "No." replied Mr. Creamer, "they did not, nl- i though we stent with rifles beside us, momen tarily oxpecting a siege. 1 did a nico piece of work right there. You can't beat. John Creamer without getting up before daybreak." "Oil, tell us about It!" cried Minnie, who was an attentive though roguishly sceptical listener. "Signed statement front a dying Armenian! Yes, sir! I prepared a full description of the sonsatlons connected with having one's throat cut. There was a poor follow dying right under our window. 1 rushed down. Luckily b.is wind pipe hadn't been severed, and lie could whisper, t promised 5UU0 francs to bis wlfu and family If lio would sign, lie told me their address, took my stylographle pen, and wrote bis name wlllt a last supremo effort. Then, turning upon me his great, dark eyes full ot gratitude, lie breathed h,is last." "But how did you make yourself understood?" askcil Minnie, Irreverently. "Do you speak. Armenian?" "1 — ah — the Consular interpreter " "Of course, of course," interrupted Mr. Bur rows, glancing sternly at his (laughter. It was getting Into. Mrs. Williamson lttul caught tho Director's oyc. und ho was standing by her side. "It's time people were going homo, Canute," she wh,!spcred. "Tho poor thing Is getting dread fully nt'fvous. She ought to bo left alone with her husband." Tho Director approuchod tho Doctor. "Good-night, my dear friend," ho said lit a loud tonoi "You must not allow your wife to sit up lato nights, Seo that slto always gets a little sleep before midnight, ami tboso protly roses will bloom for ovor. That's tlui way I've kept them In ray girl's chocks." And ho east a glance at Mm. Wllllainsou llko that of a young lover, fiayloy shook hands with Kyrlako.ula, and moved quickly ovor to Dr. Brown. "Good night," bo said, curdy. "You Bltall luivo my proofs in tho morning. I'm all through with lltotn. I must ltavo thoin by !) o'clock day after to-morrow — !' a.m." Dr. Brown followed him Into the hall. "Aro yotl going straight liotne?" ho asked. "Yes. Why?" "May I send the porter wltn you, nnd he'll come right, back with them. That is, If you nro going directly home." "But I can ltavo them here by S o'clock." "1— I might be restless or something, and I might Just lake a glance at them." "Oh, all right. Send him along. Good-night." Tito guest.-, were going rapidly. Mrs. Williamson hurried over to Dr. Brown. "Offer your wife vour arm." she whispered, "and bring her over to tho. door." They mnilo a charming tableau. There was 110 doubt, of Kvt lakotila's affection, sho leaned so proudly on Iter husband's nrtn. and looked so lovingly into bis face. CHAPTER XXXI. At last they worn alone. And there they stood, arm in arm, for sovernl minutes. Kyriakoula leaned tnoro heavily upon Iter husband, ttttd pressed his arm with her hand. A step eante down the hall. Brown raised his head and listened. "It's the boy Willi tho proofs." he thought, thoroughly on the alert. But no. A door was unlocked, ami somebody went into nil adjoining 100111. Kyriakoula laid Iter lienil on Ills shoulder, and Iter soft half brushed his neck, his cheek, his car. A mummy would have made some response, and Brown, still thinking of the proofs, mechani cally put his arm about her waist. Instantly sho clasped liiui to her bosom and kissed lilm on the lips. "I loavo yon," she said, in English. Bending back, site looked long into his face with roguish, passlonnte eyes. Her breath was sweet, its an evening breeze blowing from a Held of wild thyme. Sttdenly sho burled her head in liis shoulder. "I loavo yotl," sho repeated, laughing almost hysterically. Brown led her to a chair and seat ed her in it. Then lie sat down in anqllter, and asked with considerable Interest, "How much English do yotl know?" Sho sprang playfully from tho chair Into his lap. "Is not ono elmlr big enough for us now?" sho asked, in Greek, rubbing her warm, downy cheek against his. "Aro wo not now ono? I loavo you." "But how much English do you know?" again asked (he Doctor, awkwardly drawing up his long legs, and trying to seat her comfortably ou his sharp knees. "I have commenced," sho replied, In Crock. "I shall soon know very much, for thy teacher says that I learn fast. I wanted to know nty husband's language, so I began right away. So far It is very beautiful. It is like my life, all love. It is like what tho world ought to bo— everybody loves in It. I love, you love, they love — no, ho lovo, wo loves, you love, they , love. Is it not benutltul?" "'It Is, indeed. But not so beautiful as your own language. I shall wish to talk Greek always with you." .j "Ah, perhaps. But you will wish mo to talk with your pcoplo and friends, that they may know how clever I am, and that you may bo proud of me. Yotl will not wish mo to sit Ilka a Btone always, anil say nothing." The Doctor hoard another suspicious noise in the hall. a "Your studious resolves are very commend able," bo said, kindly, "and do you great credit. But now you must go to bod. Dr. Williamson said if you did not go to bed early you would lose' tho roso3 in your cheeks." Kyriakoula flashed a quick glance at him, and blushed furiously. "Good- nil;ht," she said, again burying her face In his shoulder. "Good-night," said the Doctor, struggling to his feet, and lifting her up with him. Sho stood for a moment at arm's length, hot- hands upon his shoulders, looking solemnly into bis eyes. "I loave you, " she said, again. . "Sns ngnpo," replied tho Doctor, seriously. Sho ran into the bedroom, Inughing merrily, and shut the door softly behind her. The Doctor sat for a long timo, musing, "Bayley isn't half tho man I thought ho was. I shall have no 'difficulty in removing hint from the tlold." The faint creak of hinges caused him to look around. Kyriakoula had not securely latched tho door, and it was moving open an inch or so. He smiled. "How funny her English sounded!" he solilo quised. "Sho has an extremely pleasant voice, too. Tho English, aro never so safe in their decisions as the Germans, nor so Irrefutable in their conclusions. And it Is so easy to form -wrong conclusions— to Jump at them, as ono might say., Ono should not express an opinion at all, especially in archaeology, except aftor the most exhaustlvo and complete research — research tind comparison, I shouldn't be at all surprised, after seeing Bayloy's proofs, if it became neces sary for me to put in three or four months In the Acropolis museum. I can tell as soon as I seo bi6 illustrations and— and examples. He may ltuve become so biassed that he has selected only specimens that seem . to corroborate his own theory." Tito Doctor was already quite familiar with Aaropolls bronzes, and he sat for some time, Ills eyes half closed, whllo a long train of oxi dised sword blades, rings, .mirrors, tripods, and safety plus drifted by his mental vision. '.""Ionic indeed!" be snorted, half aloud. A splash of water, accompanied by a smothered screani' mingled with laughter, came from the bedroom. Greok girls always bathe on their wedding night. Kyriakoula was experimenting with tbo cold water in the pitcher and the Doc tor's portable bath-tub. I-Io loosened Ills necktie, unbuttoned Ills collar, and removing bis coat, hung It carefully on the back of a chair. Tho Doctor was as methodical as a clock. As ho was unbuttoning bis waist coat, ho again heard steps In tlie hall. "Thero they are, at last!" ho muttered, start ing for the door. But again someone entered a neighboring room. Ho looked at his watch, '.'Twelve o'clook. I don't bellovo Bayloy moans to send mo those proofs. The boy lias had timo to go rind coiflo twice. I can tell almost at a glrinoo whether ho has treated tho subject with fairness or not. Tlio plates, of course, will not bo with tho proofs, but to-morrow I can go up to tho 'museum and look tlio originals over. If I should And- — " ' , \ Another littlo scream, tills timo unmistakably of pain: Tlio Doctor stepped to the bedroom door and took the knob In his hand. . "What's tho matter, Kyriakoula?" ho asked tenderly. . . ,. : . „ "Dant you (laro to come In yot— not quite yet. "But what's tlio' matter? Why did . you scream?" , , , , ,, "I stubbed my too against a nasty chair. Aron t. you sorry? Poor littlo too!" Tho Doctor pulled off his vest and threw It Into a chair. "Poor Ultlo too!" ho echoed. Thero was a hard knot. In his shoe-string. He did not stop to untlo It, but with a determined Jerk broko It In two. At that moment ho again heard foot- Bleps In the hall, at 'first Taint, then louder and louder. There was no doubt tills time. Hold ing In Ills band tbo shoe which ho had just wronchod from Ills foot, he sprang to lite hall (loot- nnd throw It open. There stood tho boy with tlio proofs. Tho Doctor snatched them from hint and spread them out upon the table. He read it pugo. , TJ "Why, tills Is absolute rot!" be muttered. road another page, "insidious rot, too. because ho has got a deal or Information together. llo is an industrious collector of facts, but lie docs uot know what they mean." He sank into a elmlr, carefully wiped his spec tacles, and settled down to an exhaustive perusal of Mr. Bayloy's proofs. After an hour Kyria koula cnino to tho door In her night-robe, Iter eyes suffused with loirs— tho sweetest, wannest g'host that ever walked. "1 loave you," she said, half sobbing. "S'.ts tigapo," replied the Doctor. Dawn wns peeping through the shutters ere ho had finished tho proofs. (To lio eonlinued ) 