SHORT STORY. GABRIEIAf'S GHOST, "TYtaf English p'oHo'o;' siitd'Monsfeur Our-' «fler|' toe' world-famous French detaotive, as , ho leaned back in hie ohair, and lit a oigir — 'you, English polioo have your motbodeof doteotion, whioh aro admirublo in their way, and yet whioh fall ehort in something, and that something' is imaginativeness. Having onee obtained a olno, you can work it np as skillfully as any dolootives in tho world, bu'tj failing suoh oluo, I muBt confess, gentlemen, your littlo plans are too often doomed to failure. Imaginativeness is, in my 'hnmblo opinion, as neoessary to the detootive as to the snocessfal novelist, and if you will forgive my talking of myself, I will tell yon the story of the ease wbioh brought mo what fame I have the hono'br to' possess. Ih that oase wo had' not the' slightest olue to go upon', but the im aginative instinot served me in snoh a man ner that I ran my man to earth. 'One sultry morning in August, I was com missioned to go to the Chateau Monoy, at Villefort, a rural district about forty miles from Paris, where, it seemed, a' mys terious orime had boon committed. Mademoiselle Gabriollo Monoy,- the only daughter of the chateau, had been found on the floor of her bedroom early that morning qnite dead, the medieal evidence showing that she had been killed by poiBon. ' 1 On arrival at the ohatean, I was at onoo UBherod into tho presence of Monsieur Monoy, a dignified, middle-aged main, who rose to greet me as I entered. He was overoome with grief , . and it was plain to.see that'he had been weeping continuously; ' ' Be seated, monsieur,' he said, in a low- tone, ' and I will give yon all the partiontars at my disposal of this awful affair/ 1 obeyed his request, and seated myself near the window. ' " ''Now,' monsieur,' I said,: quietly,' 'I am entirely at your servioo.' .on 'In that oase,' he returned, 'I will pro- , o.eed to explain 'matters to' , "you '/without !: farther delay.'1 'YeBtordaymbta'ing,'T went' '. to Paris to attend a sitting of the Chamber of Deputies, of whiah I have the honour of being a member.' I. left i in, the house my podr daughter Gabriello,' her oousin Monsieur Ernest Money, my seoretary— a :youn'g man named Vautrin— and the honse servants, in- binding Madk'ine' Blanohe/ the hons'ek'eeper. ' The Chamber sitting lato last evening, I stayed at ah hotel "where I' usually put up when in Palis; and this morning at nine o'olook I was horrified to receive a telegram from my housekeeper informing mo that my daughter had been discovered dead' I at onoe came post- haste to , this , house, and found that the message was only too true. The dootor who had been hastily summoned deolared that my daughter had been poisoned by means of some vegetable drag, suoh as bruoine or stryohnine. This is all I have to tell yon/ . '-Do you auBpeot anyone?' T asked, after a short pause, in the passing of wbioh the distressed father sat looking at me with iuixiuus eyes. - xs were anyone in tne nouso who would 'benefit by this death ?' ' Only one — Monsieur Earnest Monoy, my poor daughter's oousin, the next of kin. But. he is so -admirable and exoellent a yonng man that to snspeot Mm is madness/ ' The secretary ?' '" ' Is a man -whom I have taken from poverty and destitution, and whose fortnno T arn making, seeing that I am to obtain for him a secretaryship to the "Minister' for In struction. Hardly the man, monsieur, to repay too for my services by murdering my only child'/ ". ' ... ' True enough.' 'The other inmates of the honse are, I suppose, not tp be suspected for a moment?' ' Not for a moment. They all loved my ohild, and would have died for her/ ': Could 1 anyone have obtained admittanoe to the house during the night?' .- - 'Impossible.. Every door was 'barred and bolted as usual, so the hauaekeeper informs 'me/1 Bpme ; visitors might ' have oalled last eyenin'g t" "l' <N6;yiaitb'r:b(inld'have oallpa. The storm kept'everyohe/siway. ' ' From whom do" you1 obtain these faota ?' r. ' From Madame Blanohe, the house- t keeper. Perhaps yon would like to inter rogate her?.' ! .j ' It woqld jbe as well, I think/ n. . ... 'Monsieur Monoy touched, a bell, and gammoned the woman, who was evidently much agitated. She answered my questions ma Bcraignaorwara, sensible manner, and, whilst it is not usual for' men of my pro fession to judge from appearanoe, I never theless felt convinced when Madame Blanohe quitted the room that she was as innooent of duplicity in evidenoo as she was of oomplioity in tho orime. ' Yon are satisfied with the housekeeper ?' baked Monsieur Monoy when Bhe had de parted: ' Qnite. There seems no reason id doubt " the aoouraoy of her statements. She affirms' that Mademoiselle Gabrielle did not quit the house yesterday, and no visitor, oalled. Now whpt does the dootor say as to the time " . when the poison was swallowed?' ' He oan say nothing very definite until after the post-mortem ; but he is willing to swear that the poison was' administered within twelve hoars of the finding of the \- body this morning.' ' Then it is pretty olear that tho poison . was administered by some individual in this house ?' ' Undoubtedly. There oan be no other theory?'' " ' Exoepting ono,' I yitit in,' nervously, 'andyou will : not be' offended at my'refer- ring to "it. Young ladiea'haVfa 'been known beforb now to destroy themselvek; Can it bo possible that this is a ease in point ?' 'Heaprang. , Monsieur Gamier,' he oried passionately, dismiss that idea from your mind at onoe. ... M-y daughter Was the happiest girl in the province, and more than that, hor firm religion would have led her to look apon t - snlolde - as a . deadly sin. I nm willing to swear by tho Almighty who made me that she who lies dead upstairs did not die by her -own hand,' Calm yonrsolf, monsieur,' I said; gently, ! . feeling muoh sympathy for the heartbroken . v man, ' calm yourself, and remember that it Is only by oalmuess that you oan aid myself ; . - and tne polioe in arriving at the truth. "We will, dismiss tho theory of self, destruction,' 'tr - since you say that suoh a oonrse was im- . -possible, to yonr danghter, and we will re- ; . turn to the possibilities. They . are as ; : follows/ I ' t 'Up on,' he Baid, quhkly ; ' I am lis- tening/ '"Wo have proved to our own Batisfabtiou that your daughter has died of 'a poison .- given her by an inmate of this house; If is hardly likely that any of the menfal sebtion of 'the household' can bo oonoernod in' the 1 ' affair, -and the'housek'eepef also is apparently above suspicion. This narrows down, our possibilities to two persons/ I paused. Ho nodded to me to go on, ' ' and Icon tinned : - ' "-' ' Those persons are Monsieur Ernest, your ' ' _ nephew, and the other person your secretary/ ; - " ' " Impdssible 1 ho oried; 'Vautrin, the ' ' , seoretary, oonld bavo no possible motive. , .Ernest would have a motive certainly, but . his nature wonld shrink from such a orime.' , .. . ' "We are merely discussing possibilities,9 I returned, slowly, 'and the roalm of snoh Is, as yoii know, a large one It soemsto . . tap, however, that, even assuming one of i these men is gnilty, it will be impossible to 1 fasten his guilt upon him/ 'Why?9 Surely it Is plain enough. You have v two men in a house, either of . whom may , have administered a poison. How shall yon say whioh of thoBo two men it is'?' '= "'<"Ahi - yes. It is a 'ttarible mystery. Mon Dieu J What is to be done t Nothing oan be done, monsieur,' I said, ' rising,- 'until after tho inquest had beon holci ond the post-mortcm examination made. Perhaps some little ossiBtaneo may bo gained by 'suoh inquiry ; but I fear it will bo very little. And now, with your permission, I should like -to viow tho body.' ' : 'Ho sighed heavily, and rang the bell. ' Madnmo Blanobo shall aodompany you,' heeaid; 'I havo not tho courage. ' The housokoopor condnotod me to tho ohamber whero the unfortunate girl lay, and; going towards tho bod, I lifted the sheet whioh conoealod the rigid faoo. And as I did so I uttered a low ory. 'By some strange coincidence, the faoe was tho image of a eortaiu oousin Of my ao- qnaintanoe— a young girl 'known ob Julio tie Moran— who was studying at - tho Conserva toire, with a view to faeooming an aotress; It is Baid that' all men ; and women have' somewhere . their donbles ; tho donble of this dead girl was my oousin Julio do Moran. - > 'As I gazed oh the wondorfnl likeness, there rose in my brain a suddon inspiration. It flashed through my mind like lightning, and fascinated me thore and then. Going hastily downstairs, after replaoing tho sheet, I returned to Monsieur Monoy's room and olosed . the door. 'Monsieur,' I said, 'I have seen the oorpse. And the seeing of it has given me a plan/ A plan !' he oried. ' What, do yon mean? A plan of deteotion ?' ' Aye. A plan by whioh, if all goes well, oonfession oan be extorted from the oriminal, and justioo done on your daughter's as sassin/ ' He oame towards me and. graapodmy I hands. | ' 'Monsieur Gamier, ' he said, in a voioe ! husky with emotion, ' do this, and yon will have earned my everlasting thonkB." | ; .' I will confide to you my plan,' I said, | when he had somewhat oalmed himself. ' I warn.yon, -first of all, that it may appear to ! yon .'theatrical in the first plaoe; and' de- seorating to tho memory of yonr danghter in- the seoond plaoe. Bat I oan think of no i other plan, and I leave it entirely to you whether I shall go through with it or not/- 'Whatever you suggest,' he returned,. ' shall be done. Let justice be thought of before ull else. Tell me your plan.' I ' It is meroly this,' I said, quiotly. 'When ' I looked' on your daughter's taae a moment \- ago, . I was struok by her reBemblanoe to a ; opnsin of mine — a young aotrosB, Mile. Julie do Meran. It ooonrred to me thon and thoro that I might prevail upon her to come to this ohstoau at midnight in a month's, timo, and to impersonate the spirit of your departed ohild. Taken to the apartments of tho suspected paities, the guilty one would suroly proclaim his guilt when brought face to faoe at that weird hour of midnight with the phantom, as he would suppose, of his poor victim. Tho admission of gnUt onoe made, all details as to the purpose and method )f the orime oould be elioited, and taken down by mo from outside the ohamber door. Tho plan is a strange one, but I think it is worth trying, and, mora than that, Monsieur Money, I think one other thing/ < anil? ftmf. to p' ha ft?a awee /an ada "» vnvuj mo uvo vu.iuu with exoitement/ 'I think, ' I returned, deliborately, that it will suooeod/ . . :j . : . ' There was a long pause. Then he Bpoke and the words oame firmly ; : v ' My friend,' he said, ' the plan is a ter rible one, and to aid. yon in" it will be an ordeal suoh as I have never imagined. But since at the end of it there may. be euooess, I say to yon', ' Go on with your sohemo, and may Heaven help'-you to discover the murderer of my poor little Gabrielle/ - Uiaooveriug the onlprit,' I made answer, ' will be nseless unless we oan fasten the gnilt on him, and that is my reason for for mulating the strange sohemo of whioh I have1 told yon. However, it is possible that betweeh' how add ' the' next few weekB somo other way of doing justioo on the murderer will be:fonnd, in wnioh oase, of course, my fantastio proposition will be dispensed with/ 'Be it so,' he made answer, after a pauBe. ' It is now the 7th of August. If by Sep tember 7 the mystery is not oleared up, I Will telegraph to yon, ' Coma to Villefort,' and yon will understand that tho message is your authority to put your plan into action. \- I understand/ I returned ; ' And now let me give yon some instructions as to what is to be done in oase I am sent for. In the first plaoe, nobody is to know of my ooming; and, sooondly, the keys of the doors of -yonr seoretary and nephew must bo taken away so that their apartments oan be entered. The slightest obstaole In our way might upBec tne wnoie auatr most completely.' ' He assured me that these points should ha ve his attention, and thon we shook kandB and said adieu. 'A month passed. At ten a.m. on Sep tember 7 I reoeived a telegram. It simply said, ' Come to Villefort'/ I knew then that the mystery was still unsolved, and that it remained with me to help to solve it/ ' My Cousin Julio took in the whole affair immediately, and, so far from refusing her assistance, gladly proffered it when Bhe Bhe realised the importanoe of the 'issue at stake. It therefore oame to paBS that as the olooks wero pealing the hour of midnight on September 7, Julie and myeelf knocked softly at the honse door, and were admitted by Monsieur Monoy. Come in,' he said, his hands shaking with nervousness whioh he tried ' to m&Bter.; Come in, and let. us get this awful soeuo over/ " ' At thiB moment he oanght sight of Jnlie, ahd: he reeled. " ' Merciful Heavens 1' he oried; 'what a resemblance. -It is- my daughter's living image/ : ; ; 'Hushl' I oried, fearful leBt his voioe might disturb tho - inmates of the house. ' Hush I and let as lose no time. Condaot us first of all to the apartment of' your nephew/" Ah 1' he oried ; 1 then it is him you sns peot ?' ' Be good enough monsieor, to waitand see/ - ' We reaohed the apartment of Ernest Monoy, and found the door slightly ajar. The room was in darkness save for- the moonlight, whioh. oame fitfully , through the blind. Julie, trembling alightly, but thor oughly oalm,' glided into- the room/ and touohed'the sleeping man on the shoulder. ' Ho awoke with a low ory. 'Mon Dieu! It iB .the apparition of Gabriello oome book from' the grave 1"- ' Yes ; it iB I — Gabrielle 1' Bhe said, in a low tone; 1 I havo oome back to find who was my murderer. ' : 'It is not I!' he said. 'I loved'youtoo well, Gabrielle, to' injure yon, and' sinioe your death Ihavetriea ih vain to find your assassin/ " ' ; ' It is well,' she returned, in the same tone. J'Adien/ ' : : " '' ' Monoy' fell baek in a fainting oondition, and Julie rejoined ns. 11 '' ' ' Onr hexc step whs to go to' the room of the Seoretary Vautrin; Here' a terrible soent ooourrod, for- no sooner had the man's gaze fallen upon the midnight visitor, than he jumped from his couok, and shrieked out : ' Ah 1 God help me, have meroy upon me ! It is the phantom of Gabrielle oome baok to hannt me sinoe I took her life. Help 1 help! help 1' ' Be oalm,' said Julio, ' and tell mo why you took my life/ ! ' 'Do you not know? Torn away your' eyes that they may not pieroe my soul/and I will tell you. That night-th'at awful night of August 6, do you not remember; I insulted you, and you swore to tell your father, on his return, of the insult/ Foam was on his 'lips. He wiped it away, and went on, hoarsely ; : ' 1 knew that . if your , father heard of my behaviour ,"T was rained,'. My position in this house was 'destroyed, and— worse than: that— my prospects blasted in the future; A sudden thought inspired by thefiend oame to me, and that thought said; ' Kill hor, and thon sho' oan do you no harm/ - . ' Onoo again ho wiped his lips with the sheet. " .......... Go on,' said tho white-robed figure, ' t'ell mo all/ " All I Thoro is littlo more (o tell. 'A year previously, a College frltind had eont me Bonie stryohnino for experimental uBO 'in oonneotion with a treatise' I: was writing on ohomistry, and' that strychnine lay :in my desk unnsed. ' Going to the desk; I took the powder and emptied tho whole of it into the milk- jug left by the' servant on the tray outside your room, your " oustomary drink in the nights. I flattered myself that detection was but of tho question, ' for who was to know that T desired your removal ? and1 it seamed to mo also that suspioion would fall on'yonr oousin, . who would benefit by yonr death'/' - : ' ' " ' You have' 'no moro'to say ?' asked the qniet figare 'at the bedside." " " 1 ' . «N6 tnore/nBut, if yon would not drive- me mad,- loavd"'"mo -ntjW, and promis that you will return 'h'o more. -For rather thnn ber hannted by' you,,,I' swear that I' will destroy' myself at'onoo,' or surrondor myself to tho police at daybreak/ ' ' ' There is nO'noed for either of those" aots; Monsieur Vautrin,' I oried, bursting into the room, followed by M. Monoy, ' tor the police will' save you the ' trouble of giving 'yourself up; You" are my prisCner.' T arrest "you' in'the name- of the Itepuhiio ou your own oonfession of the' wilful murder of Mademoiselle' Gabrielle M'onuy/ ' ' He tried to'speak, but words failed him. His jaw 'dropped, his oyes started from his .head; if "ever hopeless dospair'was written in' a man's face, it was' written in his faoe then. He made no resistance when I hand- cuffed him,- and aubmittod to being led away to tho polioe depot without a word. \- ' His Confession, takon down by me, and witnessed by Julie and- Monsieur Monoy, : was duly brought up ut his trial, and he was, of oonrse, found guilty. He went to the j guillotine, probably the first man in tho his tory of orime whose oonfession of guilt had 'been extracted by suoh means as I have re lated, and whioh means, I olaim, wore the ; result of tho imaginative instinot whioh is essential to the euooess of the deteotivo of i to-day.' 