AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. Tlie second performance of Pinero's clever and startling-comedy "The Gay Lord Quex" ivas witnessed by another crowded and enthusiastic audience at the Theatre Royal on Thursday evening. The comedy, which has been denounced as im moral by a leading English divine, curious ly enough, dismisses the inevitable woman with a past in favor of a man whose early life 'has not been cast in the mould from which saints are fashioned. Lord Quex has certainly been "gay," to brand, him "the wickedest man in London" is perhaps scarcely meting put justice to his fellows in wrong-doing. Be that as it may,, love for a young and innocent girl has reformed him, and from the time the play opens un til the curtain falls his thoughts and actions are alike blameless. True, he com mits an indiscretion in consenting to a midnight meeting in the boudoir of the Duchess of Strood for the purpose of lay ing the ghost of the past in an atmosphere of cigarettes and champagne, but he comes through the ordeal in a manner which would have done credit to St. Anthony, and. his subsequent treatment of Sophy is prompted by his desire to shield the repu tation of the duchess—to whom.he at least owes that reparation—and is certainly not due to any selfish or ulterior motives. The unexpected climax, in which he . rescues the girl, who has- wrecked his prospects of matrimonial happiness, from an equivocal position is not without a touch of nobility, while the absorbing devotion of Sophy to her foster sister, for whose-sake she is willing, to .sacrifice -both her happiness and her reputation,-is heroic and .entirely above censure. Naturally, the situations border on delicate ground, bur the comedy was ho't precisely written for the edification of the "young person," whose education with regard to the possi bilities pf this wicked world, has, by the way, been fairly well administered to by modern fiction. -. Still,-from the standpoint of morality Pinero'ls comedy may safely compare .with scores of other plays which have been less scathingly criticised, while in point of conception, construction, and literary finish, it is indubitably and im measurably their superior. The presenta tion of the comedy by tlie Brougli Comedy Company , is in every way admirable, and rarely has Mrs. Brough appeared to great er advantage than in-'her clever, consistent, and artistic impersonation of Sophy Full garnev. In the earlier scenes it was un mistakably evident that the manners , of the manicurist were only what might have been anticipated from her lowly origin, the thin veneer acquired with her social ad vancement failing to conceal certain lapses of speech and action, more free than polite. In her determination to save her foster sister, Sophy evidently considered that any means, fibbing; eavesdropping, and even coaxing the„man,she despises to kiss her, were justified, and this "trait of character was most artistically accentuated by the actress. In the third act Mrs. Brough rose to the' occasion; and by her outbursts of scornful indignation, her vehement de nunciation of the victorious Quex, her teav ful despair, and her passionate appeals, she thoroughly Aroused7, the admiration of the audience, while her hysterical triumph when she has braved everything at the risk- of- her refutation was powerful and convincing, in • the- extreme. Mr. Brough's embodiment of Lord Quex was admirable also, his readiness of resource," his consummate, coolness,, and .his apparent indifference as to consequences being finely contrasted with the genuine' emotion which marked the closing episode of the great scene. Mr:. Reginald " Dartrey, as the cynical Sir Chichester Erayne, who after a-sojourn on the West Goast of -Africa, as Governor of Uumbos,-finds the woman kind of London "most alluring," was re sponsible for a singularly_ conspicuous character study, humorous in conception and thoroughly artistic in treatment. Miss Grace Noble in the father colorless part of Muriel Eden, invested the. "typical creamy English girl", with. piquant gracefulness, and Miss Temple as the nauphtv.Duchess of Strood, was both refined and "alluring. Miss Bessie Thompson made the mpst of her opportunities as Mrs. Jack Eden, and Miss Roehefort gave an:.excellent-portrai ture of the' gentle and kindly- natured Countess of Owhridge. •^^W.-T^JQovell, as Talma, a fashionable palmist, wis quiet and.tactful, and Mr. M. Majeroni was a sufficiently ardent lover as Captain Bast ling. "The Gay Lord. Quex" will be repeat ed to-night and to-morrow evening, and will give place on Monday night to "The Village.:Priest." - .. . ' 