SCOUNDRELS MD 00. By COULSON KERNAHAN, Author or " Captain Shannon," " A Book Of Strange Sins," A Dead Man's Diary," &c.; CHAPTER XX. (Continued.) Good-humour being thus restored, Number Two continued his explanation. "The thing is to be done in this way," he said. " Ilubbock was once chef at the Ishmael Club, and is still friendly with the steward and the other walters. From one of them he has heard a little secret which is known only to the secretary of the club and the committee. The Ishmael ties are very fond of having what I may call unrehearsed effects at the House dinner evenings, and the member who is in the chair often springs a surprise upon the company by providing some unexpected feature for their entertainment. The secretary-a whimsical fellow-has hit upon an idea which he purposes to carry out on the occasion of the Prince's visit. ' Good fellowship,' being a sine qua non for election to the Ishmael, the Prince of Wales, who is, as everyone knows, a good fellow in the social sense, is naturally a prime favourite there. As you all know, the Prince is only now recover- ing from a serious illness, and as his presence at the Ishmael will be his first public appearance after his convalescence, the Ash sidelines intend to give him an ovation. The speech of the evening will be The health of our guest, his Royal Higness the Prince of Wales.' Well, the secretary has sent the ten-minute timekeeper to Switzer- land to have the ordinary gong replaced by a musical-box, which shall play, ' God Bless the Prince of Wales. The chairman, in proposing the Prince's health, will purposely outstay his ten minutes. The gong will strike, but instead of merely sounding the warning notes on the bell, it will lead off With ' God Bless the Prince of Wales. As soon as the members ' tumble' to it (for the affair is to be kept secret from all but two or three the chairman will spring to his feet and take up the air, which will be sung, all standing, and ending up with three times three.' That's just the kind of thing to catch on with the Ishmaelites, and I (Shouldn't be surprised if it proved an immense success and pleased the Prince into the bargain. "Well, Hubbock has contrived-in virtue of his old connection with the club-to get engaged as an assistant chef for the occasion, and he also managed to get a peep at the address on the box that contained the gong, when It was sent off to Switzer- land to have the Inside mechanism taken out and replaced by a musical box. The address was that of a well-known instrument maker in Geneva, to whom Hubbock has Since paid a visit. Need I tell you why ? It was to get a duplicate gong made-a duplicate, that is to say, so far as the outside is concerned. But it isn't a duplicate inside, for, instead of the musical box, Hu'bbock Is getting an internal machine made from a newly discovered explosive. It is an explosive so death-dealing and terrible that even the small quantity that can be packed away in Side the gong will be sufficient to kill every- one In its immediate vicinity, and, in fact, It is more than probable that it will kill everyone in the room. Anyhow, the chairman, our old enemy Lord Grimthorpe, and the Prince, who as the guest of the events? will sit on his right, will be as good as I dead men. The joke of it is that it will be Lord Grimthorpe himself who, by winding up the gong according to the regulations of the club when he gets upon ' his legs, will with his own hands put in motion the machinery which will give him and his guest the Prince, as well as a good many of the members, a bare ten minutes more of life. The secretary is no doubt chuckling to himself to think of the stir his own ingenuity in preparing so pretty a little surprise is likely to make. I think that the surprise which we are preparing for his Royal Highness, and as well as for his ¡ lordship and the other members of the club, j is likely to make a bigger stir. That, however, we can discuss when the thing's i fait accompli. I'm getting shy of counting my chickens before they're hatched, since that miserable Jubilee fiasco. All the same, I think Hubbock's idea for adding to the evening's entertainment is very curious, I and as he is willing, and, in fact, anxious to undertake the business, I think that he should be allowed to consider his scheme j as under ' our distinguished patronage,' as the placards put it, and to have our best wishes for his success. Anyhow, there's a big programme, and as discussion Is freely invited, I hope any of you who have anything to say will speak up." " It's a very clever little arrangement," said the councillor with the ingrowing nail. 7, and what I say is, Here's my respects and j best wishes to Mr. Hubbock, hoping as he'll go' ahead and scoop the trick. What do my other two honourable colleagues say ?" v " We say ' ditto' too," I answered, speak ing for myself and for the " Silent Councillor," to use the name by which I had dubbed the remaining member. " But if Mr. Hubbock and the chief will pardon me for saying so, there's a difficulty ahead which it won't do to overlook." " What's that ?" asked Number Two. "This. Isn't it very likely, after Hub- book has changed the gongs, that some member of the executive of the Ishmael will want to test the mechanism, If only to see that it is in working order - In that case the explosive would be a bit previous. We have no quarrel, I take it, with the members of the Ishmael Club or Ishmaelites. In fact, I'm not sure that the members of this council are not exceptionally qualified for membership for a club so called, and, Indeed, it occurred to me while the chief was speaking, that the Ishmael Club would be a very suitable name for the particular fraternity of which we who are present in this room have the honour of being members." "You are quite right, my friend," said Number Two, with, a laugh. " Hubbock and I both recognised that that would be a ticklish point. Butt Hubbock's idea is not to change the gongs unrWl the last moment, When the table is laid and ready for the dinner. The Ishmael is a very free and easy place, and Hubbock is so well known there that he anticipates no difficulty in finding some excuse to effect the change. And even if he should fail in carrying out that part of She programme, I may tell you that he has another card up his sleeve by wihlldh he could contrive to smuggle the in- fernal machine into the rooms unsuspected. I think we may be content to leave it in his hands, since he is willing to undertake all respon-slibtil'iJty. No one demurring to this Number Two announced that the next meeting of the Council would be held in the same place, and at four o'clock in the afternoon of the day following the proposed outrage at the Ishmael Club. " I hope that on that occasion," he said genially, "that we shall be in a position to offer Councillor Hubbock our heartfelt congratulations at having succeeded In blow- ing his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and the Right Honourable Lord Grimthorpe, M.P., to blazes." With which humane sentiment the meeting broke up. >r CHAPTER XXI. It was the night of the Ishmael Club dinner to the Prince of Wales, and though the rule by which members are permitted to introduce guests had on this occasion been suspended, the muster of Ishmaelites in their handsome trophy hung dining-room was so great that even a director of the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company would have acknowledged that for once in his life he had met with a genuine case of overcrowding. So democratic a gathering -notwithstanding the fact that the future King of England and Emperor of India sat in the midst is not often to be seen. At the Ishmael, brains and " good- fellowship" are counted greater righteousness than " coin" or a coronet. Within its walls all men are equal. To a good fellow, the right hand of fellowship is readily extended. The " stick" will find himself as readily cold-shouldered, and the assumer of " side" may think himself lucky If he be allowed to depart sunbaked. To see the Ishmaelites "trail" a sufferer from swelled head" is to undergo inoculation against that fell malady. The author who has suddenly found a public and as suddenly lost himself, or the 'Monied Nobody, who has made a successful bid for a baronetage by placing his thousands at the disposal of his political party, would do well to air his new honours elsewhere than at the IshraaeJ. When such a man is known to be- in the house, the word goes round, and to him these trusting children of nature come to be instructed in the secret of his greatness. They sit at his feet and drink in his words of wisdom as If hoping thereby one day to follow-be it ever so humbly-in his footsteps. They ask him artless questions about himself, and when he condescends to gratify their very natural desire to be informed upon so interesting a subject, they tell each other audibly what a great man he is, or sit listening with unconcealed wonder and admiration in their eyes. They beg to be allowed to present to him this or that friend or member who will esteem it a privilege to know so distinguished a person, and when their victim is most swollen like a human windbag-with gratified vanity and a sense of his own importance, they unostentatiously produce the necessary pin, and what is left of him when they have done with him Is scarcely worth the trouble of sweeping up, not to say of interment. With the Ishmaelites the Heir Apparent had always been a prime favourite. What- ever their faults may be, they are at least not flunkeys, and his popularity with them is in no sense attributable to his exalted position, but to their regard for him as a man. If there is one man in all England who may be pardoned for allowing a flat- never to get the blind side of him, it is surely he whose every wish or when it is the business of those about him to humour. Yet if there is one man in England who is absolutely inaccessible to battery, it is the genial, generous, but keen- eyed Prince. This the Ishmaelites knew well, and they loved him for it, just as they hailed him Prince of Good Fellows, and the best and most honest hater of sham and humbug in the country. Hence the dinner which was being given in his honour was the most brilliant and at the same time the heartiest function that the Club-house had ever witnessed. Brains, pluck, and goodfellowship these are what the Ishmaelites most delight to honour ; but, being a British club, they put bravery before even brains, and at the high table that night sat wearers of the Victoria Cross, leaders of forlorn hopes, admirals who had saved life as well as fought the enemy at sea, explorers, travellers, and soldiers who with a handful of men had held an impossible position or not hesitated to face a thrice- outnumbering foe. Everything had gone without a hitch, and there was no denying that the function was a magnificent success. The Prince, still pale from his recent illness, was, It was easy to see, both touched and gratified by the genuinely- enthusiastic and affectionate greeting which had been accorded to him and never had he looked more thoroughly at home than when hobnobbing with the Ishmaelites. Dinner being finished, and the permission, "Brother Ishmaelites, you may smoke !' having gone forth and been received with the customary yell, the chairman rose in his place to make the speech of the evening, by proposing the Prince's health. Another yell greeted the placing of the ten-minute bell before him, and yet another the setting of the machinery in motion. Then he began his speech. Nothing of the sort could have been happier, for there was not a false note throughout He claimed for the Prince nothing more than that illustrious personages due and yet he referred so sympathetically to his illness, and paid so graceful a tribute to his qualities as a man, a sportsman, and a good fellow, that the Ishmaelites interrupted him again and again with ringing cheers. The announcement-the unexpected an- nouncement that the Prince had that evening expressed his wish to become a member of the club and a Brother Ishmaelite, brought the enthusiasm to the pitch of frenzy. At this moment the first stroke of the ten-minute gong was heard, and at the sound the chairman held up the customary silencing hand and dropped back into his chair. The rule of the club is that when the gong strikes the speaker, whoever he may be, at once resumes his seat, and everyone sits in silence until the ten strokes have sounded, when members are at liberty; to give expression to their feeling, a privilege of which they avail themselves by yelling, howling, and hurling derisive epithets, and even match-boxes, cigarettes, or anything else which may be handy, at the offender who has transgressed the time-honoured ten-minute rule of the club. K'ence win on Land Cranthorpo dropped into his seat there was a sudden hush which the members waited dutifully for the ten strokes to sound. IHhllf-a- dozen second hand was 'tlbiroWböd away before the Ishimae! life- 'tiresome lawiape that some"thing out of the ordinary but what they did not know was fripperies:. There was flutter of repressed excitement. Then some one called out " Hus'h !" and the silence became electric. What was that sprinkling of bird-song music that percolated the smoke hung atmosphere as if fairy hands were flinging the largest of tiny wafer-like silver coins for all to gather. " Hush !" some one said impatiently again. Expectation stood on tiptoe, as every ear was strained and every face became alert and expectant. Note by note the thin thread of music rippled out. It was recognised, and a ter mondous cheer set rattling the trophies on the wall as the chairman sprang up and with a wave of his hand above his head took up the strain. In another second PVTV man was on his feet, and " God bless the Prince of Wales" was being sung as it had never been sung before. " With heart and voice awaken Those minstrel strains of yore, Till Britain's name and glory Resound from shore to shore. From all our ancient mountains, And from our lovely vales. Oh, let the prayer re-echo God bless the Prince of Wales) !" The secretary's little unrehearsed effect was a huge success. Perhaps the Prince's illness had left him still somewhat weak and shaky, for as the hymn concluded with the most deafening " Three times three, and yet again " Three times three, that ever left human ears buzzing and human hearts thumping, the kindly eyes of that right royal Prince of Good Fellows were suspiciously bright, and when in a few manly words he thanked his " Brother Ishmaelites" for the greeting that had been accorded to him, there was just the ghost of a tremble in the voice that is generally so firm and strong. (To be continued.) 