RUMEK By MBS. GEOKGE COKBETT, Author of '"The Star of Yulion," "Behind the Veil," "The Adventures of Dora Bell,' "When ■ the Sea Gives up itr Dead," &c.;, &e.; . [Published by special arrangement with tha author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XIX.—fContinued). As he spoke Mai'tino dealt one furioui blow after another, each, one prompted by the rising tide of satiated hatred. So true / had been his aim that the first blow was fatal and without a cry. Captain Luigi . Vargas fell prone to the earth, with.-hi# • quivering face buried in' the loathsome slime which he had welcomed as an added torment for the men who had fallen vic tims to the superior numbers of the sol- • diers he had under his command. In an instant all was commotion. The rebels saw there opportunity and rushed peli*nell towards the door, which the gaoler made not the slightest attempt, to close upon them. If he had tried .to 'bar their way things would, have gone hardly with him, for whereas all the. Cubans, had been helpless and unarmed a while ago, each w;ts now possessed of a good .machete, whien had been silently passed round by Martino's confederate, ; who was no more a priest than h; .was. The idea.,of liberat ing every one of the prisoners had origi nated in Martino's desire to humiliate Cap-, tain Vargas as much as -possible,. and . he • had experienced some difficulty in-persuad ing Sandro to agree to the whole of liis plans; But after the latter had'learned that Captain Vargas was especially vindic tive towards the man whose escape was to be contrived, he had concluded that there , would be as much fuss made about him as about the 'ent're lot, and.he had philo sophically • resolved to benefit as many people as possible,,since in any cas'e hit tenure of office at the prison was sure to ibe cut short. But' though he had no de sire to hinder the escape. of the men ir whom despair had been so suddenly turn ed into -hope, he was not lost to all sense of caution, and he hastily'warned them ■ against frustrating their own object jby be " ig too precipitate. - '"Don't behave like a pack of fools," he said roughly, ."unless you want, the whole garrison down on us. It you take things into your own hands yon cannot possibly get clear of the prison. -But if you be have -with sense j*ou will follow me with out making the least bit of noise, and I will show you the way to liberty. . Af ter you are once clear of the prison you will have to look after yourselves; but un til theD you must either obey my instruc tions, or make up your minds to be shot after all." • . Needless 'to say, SandrO's cautions were received with respect, and it was a very silent, stealthy, string of men who crept after him along an intricate series of un derground passages!until they came to a .heavy, oaken, iron- barred door. The lock ' of this door had been well oiled by San dro himself a little while ago and the key turned in it without the slightest noise. Once'on. the-other side of the door ex treme caution' became . more imperative than ever, for Mr.- Benselaer and his -fel low 'fugitives were now either compelled V to cross the open courtyard or to creep j round in the shadow of the walls until ' they reached the building in which Sandro Eizzi and several*other' minor officials were domiciled. The inner door of this build- / ing opened on to the courtyard. The outer door faced the .open street, outside the prison itself. On one. side was possible ; freedom, on the other was certain death, and it is .small wonder that there was not a man in the group whose heirt did not -throb fiercely with the agony of keen sus pense. '. . ■' Happily, tliey were all .;too much alive to the danger of their situation to risk anything bj*. carelessness, and at a whis pered word from Martino Douro they had all swiftly divested themselves of their shoes, so that they were able to glide along in the shadow like so many'ghosts of the night. * Nevertheless, there were one or two mo- ' ments when the anguish of diseoverv seem- , ed to have overtaken them, for they actually had to pass two sentineis, whose presum able duty it was to shoot them down in the event of their appearing at all suspi cious to them. But even this catastrophe had been doubly provided arainst, for in . - the event of a ehallenv all the prisoners were acquainted with the password. A sen tinel who was thoroughly alive; to liis duty_ could not fail to suspect something wrong when he saw a long string, of dishevelled, bedraggled, and bloodstained- men doing ; their best to elude his observation, even . though they had by some means become acquainted with the password. But, oddly ' enough, on this varticulai ■ night, the sentinels . appeared to bs wrapped in profound slumber, and in the course of a-n hour or so, when the official mind recollected that it had a certain, number of prisoners to dispose of, they would swear that it was absolutely im possible for them to have escaped by way , ox the courtyard or they would sur.ely have been seen. . • ' . ' To tell the truth, one of tnese, sentinels, ,in spite of the two hundred -pesetas which he -had received as his share of the re muneration for the night's work, was feeling rather disappointed at -.the.:pros pect of being. deprived of an inspiriting spectacle. His iixe upon; the whole was rather monotonous, and it was almost . as good fun as being at a-bull-fight to see the poor Cuban wretches hauled into... the open, placed with their faces against the wall, and their backs to a squad of sol- -• diers, and then riddled with a volley ox shot from behind. ,;v Some of- tnem met their death quaveringly, but the Majority of them were a brave lot, who scorned to . show the white feather, even m_ the last extreme moment. . It' • occasionally liap- - pehed that they sank without a struggle or a. cry. But, .as a rule,. tne manner of their dying afforded considerable aninse ment to the. spectators, and tne pariuculaj Spanish sentinel in question was inclined to heave a sigh :of regret at t.ie entertain ment he was. missing, until he put his hand in his pocket and felt the blessed reality of the two hundred solid pesetas, which represented comparative wpaltn to him in this time of dearth and famine. So it came .to pass that all went well with the . fugitives until tke>"...ao^yy : found -themselves outside the walls 01 the prison. I't still wanted: some! little time to daylight, and in all probabiiity.it -would be ta good hour before their\flignt; .was discovered. Ldviortuntttfilj1 < thG pl&c;&. ior their escape did not include a. supply or food, and as not one of the Cubans Mad broken his fast for twenty-four hours, the claims of hunger began to be increasingly m^Thank0God,'' murmured Mr. Benselaer, • "I am able to feel like a maw once more, instead of.like a beaten cur! I should not < . have been caught alive yesterday if I had . not been knocked senseless, and if there is. any danger of being recaptured I. have a machete with which I will cheat my ene mies, rather than fall into their power again." . . " . ' , "Hist!" whispered Martino Douro; who was still attired as a priest, and who show ed not the slightest concern because of the . crime he had so recently committed." 'The sooner we part company the .better . I - should advise you gentlemen .to make your -selves as scarce'as possible'before; broad daylight.sets in. If.any of you kiiow how to reach the open country without- being observed things may. go ..well with..you. Otherwise—well, you. can't, say that I haven't done all I could to* help, you." ; The men. who had just been so miracu lously saved from the jaws of death whispered-their grateful thanks to their deliverers, and began to disappear into the. darkness by twos and threes. But when Mr. Benselaer Wouldalso have taken, his departure Sandro Eizzi laid* a detainiog hand upon liis shouldpr. : v.. " Not so, my" friend, " lie remarked * - softly. "You come with ns, for there is a. little business to settle before we part with you." A. slight exclamation of dismay escaped Cyrus Benselaer, for it almost seemed as if his vision of liberty, were to be cruelly cut-short after all, and his hand insane- . ; tively took a", firmer grip -of the, :deadly r , machete"with which he had been supplied; f "It's all right," whispered Martino. "You -| • go with these .two friends, of- mine,- and; ■ they will "conduct you to a place- of /per-;- - - feet safety, where you can remain until .it"? is expedient for your daughter to-come to : you." "My daughter!" gasped the. astonished ■ man. "There must be some mistuke. My--— daughter is safe in England." ' • rr "On the contrary/'-^vns-vtne^cpol-^reply, "your daughter Gienfuegos . at this moment. She sUpplied me with money to effect your liberation,- and it was'only be cause tbeyi'hdppened to be ;with you that- :: the other men "escaped. You -don't need "to be alarmed about, the senorita, for there - isn't a woman on earth better, able to take care of herself than she is." v": . . - , "But how does she. come to be - here?" . . Was the 'troubled1 e miry. •;; "See here, Senor Eenseludr.v If you want " t to be caught again, just stop, chattering • here. If you don'tj perhaps yoir-will do as you are told. As for me,-1 am going now to report progress to your :daugnter and to your brother-u^aw, SeaorvRinalda • i r Campos, who :is alsp taking steps to se cure-your safety." ; - -v With this ultimatum, Martino Douro ' turned on his heels and hurried away, leav v; hig the "bewildered planter- 1;o follow the • guidance'.ol Sandro and the other man -who-had gone to the -prison disguised as a priest. _ , N ■ .That Epsina had left England and was • now in Cuba-there, appeared to be very : little-.room to- doubt. . Otherwise, how was ; impossible for -.his Tescuer to be familiar r;>vitn her. name? Besides, 'he had also men tioned. E-inaldo. Campos,-and this was an additional proof that, he had some ■ 111 . . sight;, into the-- aliairs of the Renselaer ■; family., , ln; fact,- his interests and theirs ;seemed to he - very strongly intermingled, for, they ..were even - equal m their hatred of that- selfsame Captain -Luigi -.Vargas, . .whose infamous- career-had met the reward , it deserved. -increasingly' v transpire to-'betraythem before -they suc • ceeded in reaching - the- shelter for which . they^were "bound. Their destination- lay : beyond the inner. 1'nc of- forts, -anif ex ■ ■; tfeme' caution -'became necessary in order to escape the.observation-of the soldiers, who were-1 supposed, to -. be ■ on the lookout for anyone who might -.attempt - to pass- in or out -of . the town without .-a permit. -This \- feat-was- happily performed'-with success, ■ and- then C-yrus Kenselaer found -himself r;* in:a, region > of: ■unmitigated . squalor and wretchedness;; Famine and- disease reign ed- herein, nurebuked , riotousness and v.death had of .-.la to-been-- holding grim re Telry, for these were the quarters allotted : \lto. the 'hapless reconcentrados, of - - whom \- only very small 'minority remained to. • - attest the inconceivaJble barbarity of Gene ■ ral Weyler's met-hod of allaying Cuban dis content.:: Saudro -stopped at last beside a series of . : rickety sheds, .which appeared to give little promise: of-^effective concealment, until he remarked significantly— . :. -- -"The folks who tried to-live here have ■ - had ;to give-up. the struggle -. and the skele -.-■ tons -of the .aast. were removed yesterday. \- .There is -nohbdy to dispute possession here . with us," andf myvfriend Pedro Diaz and T: have brought just enough food - along - to \- -serveforonemeal for thethree of us. When y-iithafc" Is eaten -we-"must-ivait until Mar : . .'tino*- IDouro -puts in :-his next appearance v, before;-we -can coun t upon-further supplies, ;. and as hejhas -the. strongest reasons for coming- -:we are not likely to share the fate of the reconcentrados. Nor are we likely, to .be visited by . unwelcome intru ders, for these are eoiisidered accursed -. quarters,:- which -no Spaniard cares to visit •; unless.he is forced to -.doso." : : -Mr; IRenselaer was burning with anxiety : -to -glean further particulars concerning Ro H- eina, ■ and. •• was ■>about to: put more ques ;L'taons'to Sandro when all-three were startl • 'ed".by the loud -booming of a gun. _ ,-f5w^e;are-not'.a minute too soon!"' was* ■ Sahdro's exclamation. "The escape has ' .been -discovered,■; and every soldier in the '/ garrison is'.thirsting " to distinguish him .:6elfby-joimng in-the hunt." \- [To be-continued from day to: day till ' s ' finished.! 