Ikain Was There. (For Table Talk.) rviTTFrt was as much a, flirt as the hampering ..'of'ftViftlly kind heart'will'allow a pretty girl P0i3eSSl?. tn be She was staying/witli d childless uncle j/tivent) 'a -\vestern 'District .station where her untl .llUl\ , in Grunt, and his.college chiirhj;Jim Burton, ff"'..jved as Knosts only three, daysiib'efore., r iiinfl Ion" been in love with her;'butit was in a '"tiirv cousinly .I'tjishion, with ar,dour furthermore the coiiiparatively mature age of twenty ie' Consequently, ' JTitw Burton, - unlmndicapped by Ttinnship to fliscourfpieu charms, arkViwith- one year f nf (iisillusioninehfe#^arry;:aiitide .up for lost time, I thoiv'h he had never seeri'-'Mri/nd Oellier before, at ihc dose ot the three clays '.believed himself head over ^Th'e 'Iwssum shooting party that evening -bad origin Hv h«en ll->bin Grant's idea, but not in tho triangular a ne tluit it assumed. There was a promise of Maud's I tin" back from. . tho last vacation, that on the first mooiili"!]! night of the next, she would go with him and . u-n to shoot in the big unringed paddock beyond the .o k-yanis. Ojnsequently.he was delighted when she re menilic'rscl'it; and he looked fqrward with unholy glee u his friend, in whom he had begun to suspect a rival, spendingu »ice q»iet evening at' home playing dummy ''list with tho old people. Mmul. however, bad altered all that. It would be jiuwlv 1'iule, she said, to leavo Mr. Burton at home. To liobin's ungallnnt suggestion that she might in that ease leave him at home without offence, she replied il'mt in the I hot place it would be improper-in the ^uand place he was silly, also sulky, and rude, and smcin.l up by deelaring that if he were-so disgustingly 111*111 as to spoil her fun lie would -be 3orr,y for it. Ftvlins her capable of fulfilling, this clai;k threat,-he was c.iiistniinod not only to consent to Burton joining the puty, Imt himself to convey the invitation, which he ,1'tl in such graceful terms that it was roiused. Maud, however, ondorsed it in different1 fashion, and with the consciousness that ho had:been forced into an unsportsmanlike position, Burton withdrew his re fusal. _ ? . The moon just rising over a distant hill top gleamed toieuth a ragged cloud bank upon the dew spangled iron roofs and the heads of yellow.:box and red gum. It shone, too, on tho gun barrels between Grant's knees as he sat on the verandah edge clear of a by^Jblafikpine shadow. Burton, in heavy boots and new l«^ingSjl^Hfid against the post, smoking with his hanifs 4i>his-pt>dil<^tsS, Both boys felt annoyed .and drawn fpgetiner. evc"n..;ifi' their rivalry, by a common' suspicion TOW MM&^Cellicn^: was making fun of them. V V ' Burton glanced at the curtained glass^dooiv^om behind whicn came voices and a glean^'of .i|ght.^,^)L vote this more or less a mug's game," he gi;amblqd. '<£? "Then why the deuce do you come?" " Why do you, for that matter? Are you bfy^-^sa up who stays behind ?" . ? ;! ; '.v.'-.-:' iiobin grunted disdainfully. ".Shows how.much you know about Maud ! ' '.No, now you've -.poked your nose into it we'll have to seo it through." ,)}; ,-i Before the interchange of compliments could go. further tho door"opened arid Maud Oellier appeared in the thrfishbld framed in- light. " Good night, aunt! flood night, uncle!," she called gaily;to the old pepple, kissing her hand through tho door dra'ck before she shut out the frosty air again. " Now wliere are tho other brave hunters ?" . Her dw.sr.1ed eyes soon discovered the ,'silent figures on the gravel who wore thinking what a nlcb little huntress she made in her jacket and short tweed skirt, with neat ankles onensed in brown gaiters and a cap perched on the top of tawny rebellious oui'ls. ' ? "Como on," she said.' " What a lovely night! Now, mind, Boh, you're going toilet me have the first shot." ",Yo« oan have them all if you like," lie answered foiling in on oho side of her as she lod the way to tho garden gate. " There isn't much'fun in shooting 'pos-' sums." . . .... . . ? . ''Whon did you'flnd that out ?", she askod serenely. 1 ou ro cross-isn't he;: Mr. Burton ?" , /Hosounds cross,"-admitted-'Bu vfcon. . n e"' y°u'vc got a wonderfully-sharp ear," grumblod llobln, " seeing that I didn't say anything." lour step sounds cross. I've known it since I was ton-and the way you kicked that stone," said Maud conclusively. " Now you'vo got to bo nice. "Which way do wo go?" ? - ? . " Through tho gate by tho stookyard into the big, swampy piuldook, ? There used to'be lots of 'possumsin gums there." v ; . . .'^n?y w"'l;oc^ on through'tho' long tussooky wot. grass, i,,, .,8 l'lu<hos that'warned of marshy sjiots.and "moon 's tho trifos they .passed,' without, however,, disoovei' inS ftny ']Vi.ssmng. ?? : , . : ' tniiVr'1'"'' thvoo is. suolv a nlbo number, don't you?" ' f, fliiini! confidentially to her attendants on either side, »or a Ion;./ silenoe. " There is 'no' strain in oonversa T or siliinoss then. People dan talk bettor and rest, non they want to.- 'Don't you think so ?" ^mptirnos," said Burton,' guardedly. " It depends 't;.on the people one is with, you know." °} course | I mgant that, llobln, what's tho "iittcr with you ?" , ? , I'n!11 he answered with a sardonic grin. uiioJ I1' 3''-V1'1'0 a oousln and a Grant allover 1" she said, rrnn , lov little teeth viciously. " Give mo .that L'i»nd U' y°» don't , booomo more amiable I'll shoot "r.i 11 nimi ll!<0 "">y ohanco at tho rango," ho answered wo good iuimouredly.., I boll'evo I 'soe one now, noar Tf "J1 oC gtnn sapling just ahoad;". , 1 . . muni .n' 'possum, ACtor elaborate directions and ooi'i.nI/lMRVi':anOG ft'om tho boys In pushing hoi" into a °°t firing -attitude} she lowovod the gun siiddonly, i H I gfl',S WD1'C ?" the tl,i«K0»I. 111,(1 the clump of H r,l,t li iP. P wi\s abont oi«ht feet to the left of the tivJf+i f'-i ? C0U 1 not make UP llG1' 1Tlind to l>e the lirst to shod innocent blood. ' i^^Gninfc. -whoh.ul been looking over her shoulder from behmd,-took the weapon from her. "You might have shot something in that box tree over there," ..lie said smiiing, .«< but I. think your conscience and the 'possum would have gone clear. Look the other way if . you are tender-hearted." He lived, and, with a little shiver of belated ' com passion' Maud retired to sit on a fallen log with Burton,: while llo.bin secured the skin. 1 Have you finished ? I-Iow-. horrid!" she said in consequently when he came back, to them. " Mr. Bur ton doesn't know about the bunyipin the reedy lake near' here, nor the haunted house that the man shot every body in, you know." ' , -? "No ; tell us about them," said Burton. ? ! " I won't. I hate those things," answered--'Grant', frowning. ." I don't want to talk about them." " Well, I'll have to. The haunted house is-'tuvold splitter's hut in the paddocks not far from here.* The man in it got in a rage with his son 'and shot him. Then he shot himself, and a" weelc afterwards his wife died of grief, and they say it is haunted. 'At' any rate, you can see blood on the walls in the little bedroom yet." She gave an involuntary shiver at the picture she had called before her mind with a horrid clearness, induced by'the loneliness in the swampy paddock, with tree tops sighing in the breeze that swept the clouds across the moon. - - "It sounds ghastly enough. I'd like to go the house. Is it near ?" said Burton with animation. " Oh, shut up ! returned Grant irritably. "I hate that kind of thing and I won't go near the house." " You don't mean to say you're afraid!" There was a slight curl on Burton's lip and contemptuous amuse ment in his voice. " Yes ; I do mean to say so." " 1-Ie does'nt," broke in Maud roused by cousinly pride and annoyance at Robin's want of, it. "He always-de lights in making the worst of himself." "But I do mean it." There was sincerity in"the tones that made the others look at him with the curiosity and sense ot' repulsion that a serious avowal of cowardice provokes. " I don't believe it," Maud repeated hot and flushed, " and if it is true yon should be ashamed to admit it." " Perhaps," said Eobin curtly, biting his lip. " And the bunyip-what about him ?" asked Burton, to change the subject. ? " "The bunyip," she replied, "is a semi-fabulous monster that pokes a great shaggy head out of swamps ^Knd lakes, and bellows horribly." .\\-i' Then what does he do ?" 'YE very body leaves then, so nobody knows. But at ^rfelow lake) near, the i township, the people seriously liove in it, and .wouldn't for anything go there after lilghifall." '"v'/^ut have they ever seen anything? " asked Burton. /Yes," said Maud, rising from the log and stamping .Her feet to get warm-" I'm making myself almost as .frightened as Eobin-no birds ever rest upon the lake. Some women filling their buckets one evening saw a horrible head come out. of the water olose to .them, heard the roar-and the men went for their buckets next day. Hqw it .clouding over. Wo shan't be able to see any more 'p'ossums, so don't you think wo had better go home?" ,, -Robin had sat silent and glum, waiting for the ob noxious subjects to bo exhausted. ." I vote we do," ho,said. "All right," agreed Burton, looking up at the gather-; ing clouds. ,"It is getting dark, but its awfully interest ing you know about that " ? ? A loud crackling amid the limbs of a fallen tree in a marshy spot near by cut short his sontenoo. Maud suddenly clutched Robin's arm and felt it tremble. All three stared hard in the direction whence the sound came, but it was too dark to soo anything. Then a "loam of moonlight oamo, showing ft lfirgo ;blaoK shapo approaching thorn from tho swamp, and above the sound of tho splashing mud, rose a loud roar. ( "Tho bunyip 1" said Maud, dinging closo to hor Burton stood stook still, poering with inorodulity ancl yet with droad at the monstor now within fifty yards of . Superstitious to his finger tips, only a tremendous effort of will helped llobln to stand his ground. Sud denly there broke from him a loud ory almost of ex ultation, qulto out of keeping with the oiroumsta-noes.' " It's the bull," he shouted. "Make lor that big troe ovbv there as quick as you can. He's a dangerous savage beast. Come along, Maud 1" She found herself hurried along, almost oarrled. by Robin, with his arm round her waist, trombllng with ox oitement. Ho know tho danger better than the others, for Ills unole had warned him o£ tho bull, whioh ho had almost made up his mind to shoot, and but for a belief that the animal was safe in a paddock beyond the road, he would not have allowed the young people to go out that night. ? j Panting for breath they reached the shelter of a huge red gum, and peering into the darkness saw the bull coming closer. He raised his head to'sniff the air and bellowed angrily, then pawed the ground and tossed up the soft turf with his horns. I " What are we going to do?" asked Burton after a Uilence. They were circling the tree, squeezing close in l-ijb the trunk and fearful of tripping over the great pro jecting roots, as the bull followed them in circles with Continually diminishing radius. He stopped now and then when he caught sight of them and lowered his head as if for a rush, but the 'possum hunters slipped round the trunk again, and he contented himself with a little more pawing and bellowing, and took ground nearer * to the tree. ' . . . . [ The position was getting more serious, and there had l}een little time!for talk. . . " I was a, i'ool not to bring my gun. I loft it by the log," muttered Robin gloomily in broken sentences. 1 'f There is the wire fence fifty yards behind us-but : only a chance we could reach it r" , ? < ; Their enemy suddenly appeared out of the blackness, 1 snorting within twenty'feet of them, w'here' they could 1 see his eyes as they caught the light, and Robin pulled tyis cousin with-him into temporary, shelter. ; "But this won't' do," he said despairingly.. " We must run directly, or we'll be on liis horns. Keep your ' head, Mciud dear, and-get-ready;" - -' - ! As if by way, of comment .there was a sudden charge, ntad a murderous pair of .horns grazed the bark of the "' tree only three feet from where they stood. Tingling with excitement and fear, they crept further out of reach. There was a quick confused exclamation from Robin, and then the others lost sight of, him in the great tree's shadow. . "Oh! he's gone-run away and, left us. The coward !" gasped Maud, staggering against the tree trunk. A sudden recollection of her insistence that he could not be afraid came with her anger and despair. - Burton listened for a second. He heard a fierce roar, then the splnsh of galloping hoofs. The bull had dis covered Robin's flight and was in pursuit. He muttered au imprecation on his cowardly friend and caught the girl's hand. " Come on, Miss Cellier!" he called. "Make for the fence, too. It's our only ohance." ? He had almost to drag her from the tree, but once in the open she ran at a speed that amazed him, urged on by fear that she would be gored by cruel horns and trampled underfoot. They scrambled somehow through the fence and, breathing hard, turned contemptuously to look for Robin. He was nowhere to be seen. The bull, too, had disappeared, but all at once there was a bellow in the distance, then a'charge towords. the barrier fence, in front of which the angry brute stood baffled. The man and girl stared at one anothor. j "Where's Robin?" she asked faintly. Burton could only hopelessly shake his head. " Robin !" she cried in a voice that was' almost a sob. " Robin !" ' ; \ Straining their ears they 'heard a feeble.reply. "Here-I'm a bit hurt. . Go home and send someone for me. I dare'nt call agaiii." The voice came from a sapling- thicket far beyond their tree of refuge. The, bull seemeel; to. hear it, and half turned his head, but a defiant yell from Burton distracted his attention.. V Let us run down the fence," ho ''said, '! and keop the brute ocotipied. Robin is hiding there, and he's afraid to call for fear of bringing the bull back again. "Will you take my arm?" . ' " No. I can't run that way, and we/must hurry." They re'stod for a moment some hundreds of yards nearer home, the bull still keeping th^rn company with only the fence between him and themlfi ' . There were big tears in Maud's eyes,>vhon shis, looked at Burton, " What horrible cruel things we thought," sbo said. "Yes," answorod Burton, knocking up the turf with his foot. " Ho is not a little bl£ of a* hero, is ho ?-If he is afraid of ghosts 1" _ ' " He ran right away from the fence, straight into tho danger-and if ho is killed it was to save us." "Yes-us," said Burton reflectively. ' Maud oaught his intonation and blushed. Thon she burst into a violent fit of sobbing. " Oh, I say I Don't do that," said Burton imploringly. " Oome, pull yourself together, Robin isn't hurt much I'm sure-lie said ho wasn't, and the least wo can do is tp got back quickly and send the men out to bring him home." Barton's hopefulness was justified. The bull was shot. Robin Grant was brought in a' spring waggon to the house, and spent the happiest fortnight of his life in recovering from his injuries. "? 1 0\. II. CrroMTjFA\ 