GrEEEN-BOOM GOSSIP. (FROM OUIt SPECIAL COItRIJSrON'DENT.) LONDON, June 2S. — In tho new skit, "Pot pourri," at tho Avenue Theatre, all the social, tbealrlcul, and artistic folk of the day are Intro duced und good- naturedly caricatured. , Every body's permission was, however, asked. lu the doggrel verso ol the programme, Rut ere 'twas decided lo thus represent Any prominent lndy or emineitl i; 1 1 1 . , 'I'lie lady or cent, had llie chance to Kay "nay," For iaainia.veei was a:.!. oil in a \ cry uieo u;iy. ' The majority of those communicated with were UBiecabio to bo caricatured, but there were .some refusals. The Bishop of Wakefield expressd his unwillingness thus," The Bishop of Wakefield de- fins to say that, while he is quite sure you would hitroduee nothing offensive into your proposed references to htm on ihe stage, yet ho cannot consent to anything of tho kind." Is this be cause he fins not seen the play? Mr. Arthur I'inero's letter was very cordial:— "Certainly, you may have me Impersonated in your revue' it the entertainment demands it. Justice will, I hope, bo tempered with mercy on the oc casion." Strango to say, Joe Darling and his Australian team objected to being Impersonated; but llie great "W.G." writes:— "I have not the slightest objection to granting your request." Some. or tho answers were models for the letter-writer who desires to cultivate a bref style. Thus Mrs. Brown Potter: "Yes." Ge-rge It. Sims: "Don't make me ugly, as my youth and beauty are my stock-in-trade." Miss Mary Moore: "Certainly, with pleasure; I am sure 1 shall be safe la your hands. Sydney Grundy: "Impersonate away." Joseph Hatloii. Why, certainly; <1o what you lilco with mo; I know in will bo kindly done." JI. W. Lucy: Certainly, if you iliink it worth while, and ran anyono tall enough for tho part." Alfred JIannHworth: II you t.hin!c L am any attraction, von may certainly impersonate me." George Nf unes; I have no objection to you doing wluit you propose. ' lho Lord Mayor: "I have no ob jection lo you impersonating mo in your now piece."" II. M. Stanley: "You are welcome to tiso my Impersonation in your musical play." Ilenry Liiboncbere; ' JJy all means/' While Lord Rob erts had no objection. Lord Wolscley felt such impersonation imgnt lead to grave abuses, and, therefore, could not givo bis encouragement or Kincuon. General lloolb's private secretary thought his chief would consider any Impersona tion "most distasteful." Louis do Hougemont. writing from 1o Dloomsbury-strcot. W.C., said: "I have much pleasure in saying that you may im- peisonate mo in such manner as in your good taste and good feeling you may consider fair and pro per." The Charing Cross Hospital bazaar in progress this week is tho smartest philanthropic affair of the season. The Queen scnit £250. tho Prince of Wales and Royalties galore patronised it, and all tho big theatrical "stars" lent a hand. What da you think of this for a cast of W. D. Howell's "Tho Mousetrap?" — Mrs. Curwcn Miss Ellen Terry Jano Mrs. Kendal Mrs. Miller Miss Gouevicvo Ward Mrs. Roberts Mrs. Tree Mm. Hern Is Miss Julia Neilson Mrs. Somers Miss Winifred Emery Willie Campbell Mr. Frank Fenton, Tho souvenir (selling at half a guinea) contains one or two good stories. Most of tho leading 1 musicians, nulnters. aud authors have contributed to tho volume. Mr. Sydney Grundy relates an amusing anec dote of the commissionaire at tho stago door of the Haymnrkec Theatre. One afternoon lie was waiting thero to see Mr. Cyril Maude, and com menced smoking in the corridor. Whereupon the old warrior said, "Mr. Grundy, sir, I smoke a pipe myself, and it docs my heart good to see ymi smoko yours — you do enjoy it so; but, sir, ' when you .smoke it. in ihat passage it becomes my duty to tell you that you infringe the rules of tho Haymarket Theatre." Mr. Grundy banded the man half-a-crown as an acknowledgment of bis strict attention to duty. "I thank you. sir." wus the reply; "but tho attendants at the Haymarket aro strictly forbidden Lo accept gratuities." Tim new French version of "Hamlet," which Madame Rernliardt bus been playing at tho Adcl- phi, is such a farrago of imbecile, awkward, and uncouth translations, that, I doubt anybody over doing much with it. Bornluirdt., of course, makes St interesting: but even her genius cannot prevent smiles rising at. peculiarly absurd renderings of familiar passages. The truth is that. In avoiding tho Scylla of "taking liberties with Shakespeare" tho unhappy authors have fallen into the Charyb- dls of a too literal translation. What is one to ray to ineptitudes like "Frondro lea amies contre un ocean de points" and "Lo sieele est dmloque," Hamlet, being born "pour In mettre en ordre" — such /phrases reproduce exactly the sense of the English, but oh, the sound! All the music is gone out of it. Tho poetry of the English disappears in the prose of the French authors. The speech of the Queen, "Thero is a willow grows aslant a brook," as beautiful as anything in all English poetry, is turned from gold to lead at a touch. The difforenco between lho poetic, method and the prosaic is al once evident if one attempts to turn tho French back again into English. "Tho roast meats of tho funeral were served cold at tho wedding." It sets the teeth on edge. "Tho age Is dislocated, and cursed -am I that I was born to put it. in order." That is the French turned faith fully into English. Is it. tho language of a poet? Or is it the languago of a plumbor? Rernha.rdt's performance of the Danish Prince has excited much criticism, and extracted from tho lady herself a long remonstrance, from which I extract tho following:--"! am reproached with being too sprightly, too 'mannish/ It would ap pear that in England one must present Hamlet, ns a melancholy professor of Witte.mbcrg; but I assume, because Shakespeare hlmsolf says so — that Hamlet, was a 'student' of Wlttomherg. "U is said that I do not play the tradition. But Where is tho tradition? Each actor has his own. I riu reproached for having moulded my role ac cording to the sixteenth century. Quite so! Tho thno of Mara let is undoubtedly lho eleventh cen tury. if lho- ferocity of tho play is considered, but its philosophy Is much more recent, and tho train Ol UloUgliL is Lilac tu a man it-ya mviu polished. Then, again, Shakespeare speaks of cannons, of salvos, of artillery, aud uses a thou sand other technical words which aro of the six teenth century and not of the eleventh. I am ro- proached with not being sufficiently astonished, not sufficiently dumbfounded, when I see tho ghost. But Ilamlot comes expressly to seo it. ho awaits it, and utters these words, "I will speak to it, though hell itself should gape and bid me hold my peace/ Theso aro not tho words of a weak or languid person. When the ghost wants to take him aside, ho draws his sword against his friends, and threatens to kill them if they will not let him pass. That doos not bespeak a feoblo man. As a matter of fact, none of tho English cri tics accused Madamo Bernhardt of "mannish- ne«s." Hor I-Iamlct is, in the opinion of most of us, simply a neurotic hoy of unbalanced mind, given at intervals to explosive outbursts, and, as fl. rule, dopresslngly dull, unpicturcsquc, and laclc- big in energy. Of couvso there is something to bo B.'Lid for a youthful Hamlet as there is for a hoy JIamlct, though Cat and boyish together might bo inconvenient in regard to Pickwickian associa tions. Tho difficulty is tho words "thirty years in tho woll-known passage put into tho mouth of _ tho First Gravedlggor; but against tins are iimuy indications in tho text which point to a less mature ago; above all, Polonius' warning lo Ophelia that love-sick boys are apt to change their mlnde aa they grow to manhood — Fur nature, crescent, does not grow alone, lu (hews and bulk, but an Ibis temple waxes, The inward service of Urn mind and soul (bows wide withal. Perhaps, he loves you now. rending the production of "San Toy" at Daly's Theatre, Lctty Lind has taken an engagement at tho Alhamhra, and is warbling there nightly a selection of her favorite ditties. In a recent In terview 011 hor now departure, tho little lady ex pressed tho opinion thai the dividing lino between music-hall and thca-tro might bo less pronounced oven than it is. Sho equld son no reason why Bomo of our great actresses should not appexur at the halls when tlioy have no other engagements, and sing or reoilo something worth listening to. Many, of course, bavo done so already. It scorns only tho other day, Indeed, that wo wcro listening to tho faultless elocution of poor Amy Rosello at tho Empire; Mr. Harry Paulton, a few weeks ago. was delighting Palaco audiences with comic lec tures; and quito recently Miso Laura Linden and Mr. Frank "Wyatt appeared at tho Tlvoli in o no sketch, and Mr. J. L. Shlno In another. The ex perience of Miss Ada Reovo supplies a curious and interesting negativo Lo tho contention that thero la any line of demarcation between tho hall's and tho legitimate. Miss Itcove, as wo all know, was originally trained at tho theatres, but sho owe« much of her success lo Lho name she mado at the hulls, and, like Katie Seymour. Loitlo Col lins. Connie Ediss, and others, sho gravitated towards her original training-ground. Now sho is exhibiting her delightful talent alternately at the Comedy Theatre and tho Palace every even ing— an experience that wo admit Is Lho lot of very few, but it is one that knocks down com pletely any barrier that may bo put up between tho regular and irregular houses. Miss Reovo, by tho way, also appears in "San Toy" presently. Mr. Bland Holt's agents will bo wlso to keep an eyu on tho new melodrama by Soymour Micks and G. Latham- to bo produced at tho Adelphl in August No name has bom selected yet, but the plot Is to a Slight extent Indicated by tho synopsis of sconory:— Act I.. The Old Bank, Chatham; act II., The Railway Station, Southampton; act HI.. Tho Naval Moss, Chatham; act IV., On Board H. M.S. Defiance; act V., Dartmoor— tho Quarries. There are 13 chaugen of sconory. On dit thai Mrs. Langtry, as-well as Ada Rohan, Mil appear In tho autumn drama at Drury-lauo. Tho "Era" this week has two columns devoted lo the managorial experience of George Leitch, Ivho in acting-manager of Mr. Ponley. 