The Late Rev. T. R. M'flichael. Memorial Service. The Parramatta Wesleyan Church was well filled on Sunday evening last, when a memorial service in connection with the late Rev. T. R. M'Michael was conducted by the Rev. J. E. Carruthers, as Chairman of the Parramatta District. At the request of the relatives of the departed, the Rev. W. G. Taylor had been invited to conduct the service ; but Mr. Taylor's departure for Hobart pre vented his compliance with the request. The church was appropriately draped, and the music was specially chosen for the occasion. The choir feelingly rendered Stainer's anthem, ' What are these arrayed in white raiment,' and the organist (Mr. A. Barry, As. Mus. L.C.M.)displayed great judgment and sympathy in the choice and execution of the organ voluntaries before and after the service. The Memorial Sermon. The text chosen was Isaiah xlviii. 10 :: I have chosen thee in the furnace of affliction.' Mr. Carruthers explained that this text had been mentioned by Mr. McMichael as the one he wished his memorial sermon to be preached from. It spoke of the Divine oversight and government of life. It reminded us of a personal element in the Divine choice of His servants, and that in some cases at least that choice was special and even painful — ' in the furnace of affliction.' There was something in spiring and ennobling in the thought that each life is the subject of a Divine vocation, and that God has a purpose for every man to fulfill. In the case of Brother McMichael, there were three particulars in which the Divine choice or call of him seemed to be special and noteworthy, viz., for service, for soul winning, and for suffering. His con version was a very definite experience, and marked a distinct transition in his life. His service was rendered in the highest and happiest sphere in which a Christian man could move, viz., that of a Methodist minister. But it was rendered under the disability of frequent physical infirmity, and for the most part in hard, poor, and trying circuits. But the earnest spirit that was in our brother carried him through, and enabled him to win a good degree in the estimation of his brethren as a good minister of ?the Lord Jesus Christ. He was specially chosen and honoured of God as a soul winner. This was the case in his early student days, and. continued right through to the close of his ministry. But the text (the preacher said) spoke especially of suffering, and there were few who had had more searching experiences than Brother M'Michael of the furnace of affliction. The mystery of human suffering was beyond our comprehension here. It was partly explained by the teachings of Holy Writ and by the life of our Lord Jesus Christ, but it remained a mystery still. The general facts of Brother M'Michael's prolonged and acute suffer ings, especially during the last two years, were generally known. But how much the fire burnt none but he and his God can tell. It did burn. The flesh often winced, and he felt his position keenly. But throughout it all his patience was wonderful, his experi- ence was clear and definite, his hope was ever bright, and his testimony assured and confident. Some of his best sermons were preached in that sick chamber, and perhaps the most lasting influence of his life was that which went forth from the quiet room in which the saint and sufferer endured the will of God. Who shall tell what was the purpose of God ? Was it that the fire might refine his graces ? Was it that he might glorify God in the furnace, and tell out to others the power of His sustaining and comforting grace ? Or was it that he might himself be made perfect through suffering ? Never (said the preacher) shall I forget some of the half hours spent in that sick room. The gratitude for a little brotherly attention, the clear confident testimony, the fervent responses in prayer, and the kindly counsel to preach Christ, to pro claim holiness, to tell the people that it is all true, this gospel story of saving love and power. And then came the sunsetting. Not an ideal one, through the blindness, and deafness, and deepening physical insensibility. But it was all right. 'A glow in the western sky ; And glad at last That day is past, In light God's children die.' 'He was a good man, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith, and much people was added to the Lord.' His life and death appealed to Christians to be earnest and holy, and the memory of his ministry called upon the unsaved to seek the salvation he so much enjoyed and so faithfully proclaimed. Tributes to his Memory. At the close of the sermon tributes were read from former ministerial comrades and friends. The Rev. R. Allen testified that he had known Mr. McMichael since his student days at Newing ton College 30 years ago, and men tioned the consistent piety and earnest zeal which have always marked his Christian course. Many times have admired his manly Christian character, his deep spirituality, his conscientious ness, his patience under suffering, and his intense passion for the salvation of souls. The Rev. J. A. Waddell wrote : — ' I esteemed our late brother highly as a most devoted minister of the Lord J^sus. As a preacher he was clear, earnest, and wise to win souls, and his administration of discipline was firm yet kind.' The Rev. T. Davies (Prim. Methodist) in a lengthy letter, bore witness to the spirituality of Brother McMichael's mind, and his fidelity in prosecuting his work under severe physical disability. ' He rarely conversed with any one or on any subject without wisely and lovingly introducing some spiritual question, advice, or warning, as appeared to* be most needful. His master passion was for conversions.' The Rev. W. G, Taylor also ' placed a wreath of affection upon the grave of his old friend.' ' I have always looked upon Brother M'Michael as one of the choicest spirits of our Conference — the type of man all too rare among us, who cared nothing for mere popularity, but who con scientiously and constantly placed all his gifts upon the altar of a whole hearted sacrifice. . In every circuit where he was known he was beloved by the people, who were charmed by the simplicity and openness of his character, by his evident desire to be to them a messenger of comfort and help, and by his manifest desire to lead to Christ the unsaved members of his flock. My earnest prayer is that many such like men may be raised up for the ministry of our church in this colony.' The late Rev. T. R. McMichael was born in Birmingham, England, in 1844 ; arrived in Victoria about 14 years later, was converted to God in 1864, in Victoria ; entered the Ministry in 1870, and laboured successively in Ashfield, Crookwell, Queanbeyan, Parkes, Mitta gong, Spring Hill, Willoughby, and Wallsend. Two years ago he became Supernumerary, and passed away at Guildford on Saturday, Jan. 14, 1899, aged 54 years. 