THE TESTIMONY OF ESTHER SANDYS. [All Rights Reserved.] BY ROMA WHITE. nrr a ptf.r X VIII. lady Sandys had been from home for a day or two; and when Bhe returned, she won dered why the servants looked so strange. She was told lhat Mr. Leicester awaited her in the library; and she went to him at once. '? Well,' eaid she. pleasantly, entering the room. ' is itsome business of inynephew'B?' Mr. Leicester did nst answer. He turned away from her, and made s few steps across the room and back again. Then he glanced at her in dumb pleadin;. A keen questioning look had sprung into her dBck eyes. She seated herself quietly in an arm-chair, and motioned him to another. Then she folded her hands upon her knee, end straightened her back. She perceived thnt ill-news awaited her, and Bhe remem bered immediately that she was a Sandys. ' Do not break it to me,' she Baid, com posedly. ' Tell me at once.' ' It is terrible news. Lady Sandys.'.' ' Not too terrible for me to bear, Mr. Leicester.' She had become slightly imperious, and he perceived that she would brook neither soft ening nor delay of his intelligence. He bent himself a little over a table, then turned and looked at her. 'Lady Sandys, your nephew, Mr.FiU-Boy, has been killed.' The faoe opposite him blanched, but the voice which answered was steady. ?' That is not all, Mr. Leicester.' '? No, he has been— murdered.' Lady Sandys moved Blightly in her chair, and wrung her hands. Then, still fixing her keen undismayed glance upon the lawyer.she flhe said a?ain. ' That iB not yet all, Mir. Leicester.' ' No, Mr. Humphrey Sandys has been arrested on a charge -of being concerned in bis death.' Lady Sandys dropped her face for a mo ment upon her hands, and Bilence fell over the library. When she lifted her face again it was fcloodleBS, but her voice remained stern and composed. ' Let me bearalJ,' she said, briefly. Mr. Leicester told. He laid the story be fore her in all its length of bald trivial facts; and, as he reviewed the case, she followed its incidents closely. She had herself enter tained the two men at luncheon only Cue Saturday before, leaving Hurst Hall before they did. They had set off homewards about half-past five, walking swiftly through the park, where the clear golden light and the slender shadows fell across the turf. Their servant followed them, laden with the game. At the lodge gates i'ltztioy naa handed this servant his gun, to be taken Jiomo, with the birds, by the road; while he au'i his cousin turned their faces to the fresher moors. Humphrey carried iiis own gun, and they set off, unaccoinp&niei; by any other person, in the direction of Heath Edge. This was the last time that Sir. FitzRoy had been seen alive. Lady Sandys said nothing when Mr. Leicester tremulously remarked this point; but her hand went in stinctively to her heart. At half -past eight Humphrey was seen at the ' rush-berring,' alone. When this fact bad been dieted the Coroner expressed a wish to call Sir. Sandys' butler, to ascertain whether his master had visted HoviBtoD Priory in the interval. Lewis had been fetched, and had broken down completely under examination, finally falling into a seat and weeping like a child as he confessed hiB suspicions of his master, and his efforts to save him. The evidence of the surgeon who made an examination of the body and of the man who had first 'followed Leo into the ruined cottage, supplied the final circumstances, and riveted the last links of the chain. Mr. Leicester spoke hurriedly, blundering ly, tumbling over his words, and feeling, for the first time in bis life, the impossibility of practising politeness. Such expressions sb he was compelled to use did not lend them selves readily to courtesy. Ab he finished speaking he was conscious of a vague im pression that, after all, the English language was brutal. Lady Sandys heard him to the end in silence. Her face paled, and her lips un consciously tightened. Once Bhe put up her hand and straightened the lace of her cap lappet. It seemed a piteous assertion of decorum and dignity in the face of humilia tion. ' You have told me all ?' ' Yea, I have told your ladyship all. I would have given five years of my life to have averted this blow.' The lawyer spoke tremulously, but felt re lieved when he had bo expressed himself. The earnest speech brought him into a kind lier relationnhip with his temporary office, which hitherto he had felt only as an outrage. Lady Sandys asked him one or two farther questions. She had neither fainted, nor com plained, nor cried out; but her face had be come *-lder. Withal, she had assumed some semblance of pride, which aspect she faith fully endeavoured to diffuse over her count enance, that neither eye nor lip might turn traitor to her pedigree. ' Does Mrs. Sandys know?' *' Not yet.' ' She must be told.' ' Yes, Ladj Sandys. I thought: — ' ' You thought I would do it. You were right, I am tbe proper person. ? I will go to her immediately. ' She rose from her chair, resting her hand upon the back for a moment for support, Butshe still thought and spoke clearly. ' I muse arrange to remain with her— that will mean a little packing. Mr. Leicester, have you dined?' ' I bavo had all I require, thank you.' ' You must have some wine. And your coachman — I will Bee that he has something. I shall be ready in a few minntes.' She left the room, and lie spent the inter vening time in renewed pacings, and silent irritated denunicationB of the cawing rooks outside. Now and then he drew out his note- book, and scribbled for a moment in the leaves. When Lady Sandys returned to Kim she was Btill considerably the more com posed of the two. -? ? . ? Then came the little bustle of departure, the hurrying servants, and the few last in structions. Hurst Hall shared the gloomy excitement that had enveloped the Prior;. .When at Jast the carriage drove away. Lady Sandys drew down her veil, and consigned herself and her companion to silent musings. 'They hardly spoke to each other until the chaise rolled up the Priory avenue, and was drawn up in the light that fell from the entrance Storm drops of rein fell heavily, and glis tened, orowding in the 'flood of light. Lewis stepped out, and assisted Lady Sandys from the carriage. The butler's face was disfigured with grief, and Ins mouth worked con vulsively. Had her ladyship glanced at him be must have burstinto tears; but she moved swiftly across the hall to tlm.drawing- room, louvlng Mr. Leicester' to enquire for Mrs. Sandys. ' The mistress is upstairs, sir,' LewiB said. ' Who in with her?' ' Mre. Juppcame over, sir.' ?? Tell her that Lady Sandys iB here.' ' Yes, sir.' Lewis went quickly down tbe corridor, and Mr. Leicester followed Lady Sandys to the drawing-room. She wae removing her wraps, and she laid them neatly upon a neighbouring table. Then she went to the fire, lit in consequence of the dampness of the evening, and hnld out her little hands to the blaze; they trembled slightly, but she betrayed no other sign of agitation. ' Shall I leave yon Lady Sandys?' ' No, I think not. It is better yon should remain.' Mr. Leicester went into one of the far corners of the room, and began turning over the leaves of a book. Then he desisted, and stared op at a portrait on the wall. He nova a ninmn, start*, idutn fchn dltftr nf t.hn gave re uci rvua dmkb *tuvu v«-v wvwi w* «**?* room opened, and beard, with relief, that a message had been sent down to Lady Sandys, Esther was not well, and would receive her viBitor upstairs. . Lady Sandys left the room, and the attorney lidgetted about, as be awaited her return. Be was thankful to have been Bpared thiB additional pain. When after about a quarter of an hour, Lady SandyB came back to him, he asked hastily how she had left her grand-daughter. 'She has heard it lik-e— like a Sandys,' answered the tiny lady, wiping her eyes for the first time, and repressing a sob. ' It must have been very painful,' he said, feelingly. ' Yes, it waSi' she replied. ' Can I do anything further ? If not, 1 most say good evening. I want to visit Mr. Sandys to- night.' 11 Mr. Leicester, how will they proceed with thiB charge ?' A He observed that she did not prefix the adjective 'shameful,' as niuety-nine women out of a hundred would have termed a similar accusation. He made a few hurried steps across the room, and then answered her, with a re newed look of grief. ' It must go before judge and jury.' ' You mean the Assiees ?' ' Yes.' ?? Where will Humphrey be taken to ?' ' To Lancaster.' ' Thank you, Mr. Leicester. Good night.' ' Good-night, Lady Sandys.' Ho escaped from the presence of this fragment of steel or ice, and shook hiB head mournfully as hepnee more took hiB seat in the carriage, la the Priory drawing-room Lady Sandys sat before the fire, thinking deeply. She would not weep, nor even pray under this blow; it bad fallen upon her with cmuhing surprise, but she bore its anguish in silence; even to her own heart Bhe re mained calm, unhurailiated, and unsubdued. CHAPTER XIX. It was a dismal afternoon, ltain was rustling down upon the grass, falling incess antly from grey clouds. MiBts streamed up from the low pastures, apd blurred the sideB of the hills. As night approached the dreariness of the weather increased, and fog began to roll and spread up the valley, and gather in drifts among the dripping trees. On the banks of the river near the weir was a little crowd of people. Some of their number directed and encouraged half-a-dozen labeurera, who were dragging the miter with wide nets. The low thunder of the weir Bounded above the noise of the voices; and the water, swelled by the rain, rushed down the fall yellow with clay mud, and thick with froth. The twilight deepened, and the searchers were about to give op their work, when a shout from one of their number made everybody start forward. Then, slowly, and with difficulty, some heavy burden was drag ged up from the depttiB of the water. Saranna Uibson had been misBing Bines the night of the murder, sod at lust two men had come forward, and related what they had heard, that evening, near the weir-pool. Their story waB sufficient to cause a search ; but the river had been draggsd all day with out success. Now, iu the wet fog of the twi light, Saranna'e body was found. Jonathan was among ihose upon the bank. He moved forward with a bewildered look, and the carious gazers fell back to let him pass. When the still figure was laid upon tbe grass, he bent over it in silence. One of thn searchers, with an involuntary exclamation, pulled off bis coat, and flung it over the deed face. Then Jonathan straightened himself r and passed his band across his forehead. ' Uoo'd best coom whoam,' he eaid in a subdued voice. Somebody got a plank and the body was laid upon it and covered with a piece of sack ing. Then a slow procession formed, and moved in the direction of the town. The fog thickened, and the trees and rocks seemed to loom in and out of the shifting vapours, like ghosts. Jonathan's hair and beard dripped with the damp, as he followed in the steps of the bearers. HiB chin rested on his breast, and he breathed' heavily as lie walked aioag. When they reached the main Btreet the crowd at their heels increased. Two -figures coming in an opposite direction, stopped short, as they met the advancing throng. One of them was Mr. Leicester, and he pointed to tbe plank, and asked if there had been an accident. ''TU Saranna EribBon,' he was told by halfa dozen eager roiceB, ' hoo's bio found i' t' weir' Mr Leicester turned to Jonathan, ' I'm Kbrry to hear this, Gibson,' ha said, ' very sorry.' Jonathan lifted bis heavy eyes and stared at tbe lawyer. Mr. Leicester's companion, a tail, clean-shaven man, eyed the old weaver with intentness, and Bomn interest. Then suddenly Jonathan spoke. ' Hoo's dead,' he said briefly. ' Yes. I am very sorry.' ' There's no ca to be sorry. It war th* best thing as could coom to her.' - ' Wiiat do you mean?' ' I'sa none Bay what I means, now. Is Mesllicr SandyB boun' to be tried afore a judge aiid jurv.asthey're say in' i' t1 village?' ' Yes,' responded Mr. Leicester brielly. Jonathan pasBed his hand across his brow, and shook the beads of wet from his fingers. ' I'se be theer,' he said dreamily, '? I'se bethoer.' And then he passed on after, the bearers. ' That is a strange fellow, ' ' Mr. Leicester's companion remarked, as the two men went on again, after thiB momentary interruption. ' Yes. 1 wonder what he meant by those last speeches. He's half-witted.' ' Has lie any connection with our case ?*' ' His daughter had.' 'Aye, In what way?' \- Mr. Leicester briefly related Humphrey's explanation of the passage ; between Mr. SandyB and his wife which Lewis had inter preted as a quarrel. By tbe time he had finished speaking they had reached the Priory. The butler admitted them, glancing at the stronger curiously, and showed them straight into the room where Lady SandyB and Esther were sitting. Betty .fupp wan there aloo, for Esther had refused to part with her, and tbe baby lay asleep, tncked up among the cuBliionti of the couch. The old woman would have lifted her charge and withdrawn, but Esther, in a low voice, bade her not disturb the child. She, therefore, sat down on the other Bide of the sofa in Bilence. The room was in firelight, and the flicker ing glow distorted everything, and leut impishness to all the objects upon which, it played. Betty's face was & witch 'b head grinning above the couch ;snd the shadows of some chairs were three devilE dancing in a corner. Perhaps the uncertain gleams made Esther's expression strange. Lady SandyB thought so, and, with a queer nervous shiver, she hastily asked Lewis to bring a lamp. Mr. Leicester introduced tbe Btranger, before the light was brought in, and Lady Sandys greeted him with a curtsey, Esther with a few nervous words. He was the solicitor who was to draw up the brief for Humphrey's counsel, and he had pencil and note-book ready in his hand. Mr. Leicester began to pull oS his gloves, and one or two commonplaces paBBed as Lewis brought in the lamp. They all watched him mechanically while he adjusted the wick and drew the curtainB. The baby moved a little end made an inarticulate sound. Betty glanced at Esther, but only met an earnest look, and quick shake of the head. The old woman saw that her neioe desired her pre sence, and t-he began softly to hush the child where he lay, ' Now,' said Mr. Leicester, with assumed cheerfulness, ' if you please, Mrs. Sandys, we want all the information in your posses sion.' EBther moved resllesBly, and her cheekB flushed. - - ' I will tell you what I can,' she said. And forthwith she related, carefully and slowly, all the incidents she had witnessed which bore in any way upan tbe murder. The two solicitors heard her in Bilence, but tbe stranger— Mr. Berkeley— glanced at her sharply now and then. When she bad finished speaking, he asked s quick question. uaes anyoua cikd kduw ui an i-uib i ' Ko — no o»e.' Lady Sandys had remained silent, and Esther bad been loo much occupied in giving a clear coherent account of events to ask any questions. But at the lawyer's exclamation of disappointment, she turned to Mr, Leicester. ' I should like to understand, please,' she said, pressing her hands tightly on her chest. ' It has all been sn terrible and so confused. I hare understood nothing. What good can all this story do Humphrey ? ' Mr. Leicester looked at her with compas sion, touched by the Btrong constraint she waB putting upon herself.' Then he made her sit down again in her chair, und tried to explain the matter u- her. | ' We want all the witnesses we can Ret,' j he said; 'you sec, the case against your | husband is a very strong one. It has been practically proved that the charge which killed Mr. Fitsltov was Rent from Mr. I Humphrey's gun, aud, as you know, the last ! time the two gentlemen were seen to- 1 getuer Mr. Humphrey was carrying his own fowling-piece, while Mr. FitzUoy had given his to the servant. Mr. Humphrey's account of the matter is that he and his cousin parted company soon after they bad passed the Uhellow Dene Works. Mr. FiuRoy borrowed tbe gun, saying that | he might come across some game on the moors near Heath Brows, and that it was too fine to go home. Mr. Humphrey ac quiesced, and turned towards the valley, but sat down near tbe weir, and only roused himself when the twilight began to fall. He ! was then tempted to spend half-an-hour or j so at the ' rush-berring,' baving dined, and not fearing that you would be anxious. Tbe ] murder must have been cotnmittted as be sat by the river; unfortunately, it waB a lonely place — and, as he met no one, we cannot establish an alibi. Now, as yon know, Lewis's evidence has gone terribly against him, for, as it stands, it supplies motive for tbe mur der. It was evident that the Coroner's jury believed that there had been a bitter quarrel n« »r.nn,.n^ t\\( IU«- Vi t.V.Rnir'a «(.t Atlf initfl t n yourself. The mistress of the penciUer's , shed had been subpoenaed by tbe prosecu tion—she has talked about the notc.declaring that you said you had dropped it from your own pocket. The paper is curiously tinted, you see, and very recognisable. What we muBt try to do is to prove that the note was intended for another person. It will be a great point in our favour if we can show that Mr. Humphrey was interfering or behalf of one of of his tenants, not of himself. Now, do you understand how important your story is to us?' Mr. Leicester had epoken without consul ting his papers, and in the clear earnest voice of one who distinctly sees all sides of the question that is occupying him. LadySandys had listened attentively, while Esther bent forward in her chair, her eyeB fixed on bim, her hands tightly clasped. She semed as if she wished to speak, but, for a moment, could not find any words. Lady SandyB broke into a little pause. ' Saranna GibBon ? Cannot yen subpmna her ?' she asked, ' I heard some Btory of her having left home. ' Mr. Leicester shook hiB head. ' She is drowned,' he said, in a low voice. ' Her body was dragged up from the weir paol, to-night. ' Lady Sandys excliamed, and Mr. cerke- , ley looked up sharply from hiB notes. I ' We mustsubpcBua the father, Mr. Leices- j ter. You remember nha£ he said to-night ?*' 'Aye.' ' If we can get a witness to swear that this note was intended for Saranna Gibson it will hi, us yuu Bay, a point of no little value. Surely this flirtation was gossiped about in the village.' Lady Sandys shook her head. ' I do not believe anybody knew anything about it,' she said, ' though there may have been rumours.' ' 1 hope to goodness we shall find someone who knew,' said Mr. Berkeley rather shortly. ' We can't afford to lose a valuable pieoo of evidenoe like this.' ' Why must it be Jost ?' asked Esther, below her breath, fixing hor earnest eyes upon the Btranger's face. ' I am speaking the truth. I can tell all about it.' ' Aye, aye,' he answered, more gently than he had yet spoken, ' but it is not ad miHBiblc.' ' Why ?' ' You are his wife,' Mr. Leicester ex plained, compassionately, ' and the law debars you from becoming u witness.' (To be continued.) 