THE QUEEN'S HAND COMPLETE W THIS ISS&M;'X SY WILLIAM LE qUEUX, Author of'" Scribes and Pharisees," "AVhoso Findoth a Wife," "A Secret Service," " Tho Day of Temptation," Sc., &c.; (cori'EicmrJ jk ENTERED tho Silent Kingdom six spy®© — "A years ago. '\B? rraisobe to Allah, i i whom tho weight of I ft a pearl upon tho « fF, / 1 S. earth docs not cs- | H |y cape. May prayer eft? and salvation "bo is '"'""Tva"' / ivitli tho master of PS 4-9. ' ; tho first nml last,, fa 'I /) A \ our Lord Sloliomet. 81 J-y /. / Of a - verity ha vo I Jmi bcn blessed with blessings abundant,' ;uul cuvcloned liv the cloak of his protection. Tho adven tures which have befallen 1110 through forty j-ears of Bedouin lifo aro muny and diverse, r but 110110 so astounding as tlioso I encountered when ill search of that mysterious phantom of tho Soudan, tho Fntassi. Wo, tho desert pirates of tlio tribe Enuilrn, dreaded from tlio Tinghert cvon to tho wbito city of tho Sultan of Sokoto, had left tho marshes Lcsido Lako Chad after pilluging a great caravan from tho north, and woro moving eastward across tho stem storilo desert in tlic dimotion of Guo, or Kou-Kou, as it is popularly known among us, wliero wo could dispose of our stoloii merchandise. For months wo ltud travelled across that immensity of red-brown sands, whore tlio very birds lose themselves, our camels often stumbling upon somo skull, tibia, or even an entire skoiotoii, tlio remains of bygone genera tions of travellers who liad porbliod on thoso lonely wastes. Tlio sun blazed fiercely in tho flaming sky, tho lips wero parched and cranked, nud tlio month filial l)v tlio over- ivhirlingsaud. All tlio water woliad wns wnrm, and having boon 111 tho skins for many days was fiill of worms. A scaly vipor occa sionally crossed our route, and at long in tervals tlio swift flight of ail antclopo was seen. For days, months, nothing had rejoiced our eyes savo the deceitful vision of the mirage, until ono evening wc decided upon 11 three days' halt for rest. On tho previous day our vision had been gladdened bv sight of a small well, wliero wo had refilled our water- skins; therefore, we wore enabled to fake our ease, although, being in au entirely unfamiliar country, tho watchfulness of onr sentries was never for a singlo instant relinquished. AYo were travel ling witli tho sun only as our guide, therefore knew not into what territory wo had entered, savo that it was as barren and inhospitable a region as it has over been our lot to oiieountor — a shadowless land of solitude, abandon ment, and misery. I11 our raid upon flic caravan near Lako Chad a bundle of papers had como into our possession, anil these hail been handed to mo as boiug a scholar and able to spoak the tongue of tho Franks, lint, travelling con stantly had not hud cither time or moliini- tinn to examine tlicm. That, niglir, however, alono in my tent, I' untied and spread flieni out. 3Iost, of them, including a kind of diary, wero written in the language of the Honmis, - and us somo bore tho imago of tlic Liberty of tlio J." ranks I concluded that they must have belonged to some Zonavo officer in tlic northern region of tlic'descrtwhohad probablypcrislicd in an attempt to pencil-ate south. One paper, however, tlio lust I took up, was written 111 my own tongne, and I read it. eagerly. It was an official letter dated from the Ministry of AVur in IAiris, urging- its recipient to secure, if possible, during liis explorations, tlio I'ar-faincd Fatassi of Ivoti, us tho French Government were extremely anxious to obtain possession of it, and by that letter offered to pay any slicikh or ti-ibesmau a largo sum of money in exebango for it. ' I put the letter down, smiled, and resumed 1113' pipe. The Franks arc, indeed, a stiango people. Having conquered us in Algeria thoy boliovcd themselves masters of tho world. The hapless explorer, whoever ho may havo been, had probably died, and certainly hie hopes would novcr bo realised, for tho Fatassi of the learnal marabout Kof.i was tho phan tom hook of tho' Soudan. Tlioro was not a clansman in tho wliolo of tho Great Desert who did not know ail about that, priceless volume, >-et 110 one hail ever seen it. It had been lost to tho world l'or ages. Mohaman Koti, tho learned Arab scholar, who lived at Jenuc, near Timbuktu, in the year S50 of tliollcgira, was tho must esteemed mid oven tyrannical connoillor of out unces- tor, its powerful Sultan. According to the story common among us his authority is said to have originated thus. Tho Icing 0110 day distributed some dried dates to his court, and Koti, who had recently arrived, was overlooked. Shortly afterwards the learned councillor assembled a number of people, and to them distributed fresh dates. This miracle — for we have 110 frcsli dates iu this region of tho far south — having reached tlio Saltan's cars, I10 dis cerned that, upon Koti was sot tho Divine seal, awl from that moment gave him all his confidence. A fow years lator tho marabout edited a history of the great kingdoms of Gauata, Songhni, and Timbuktu, tho only history of thoso '01100 all-powerful centres of n civilisation now decayed and forgotten. Families since grown rich and powerful and the chiefs of various countries were shown to he of very lmmblo origin, ol'ttimes being tho offspring of slaves. But while tho liouk was being written news was conveyed to tho Sultan ot , Tonne that tlio Sunghois had revolted and had combined with the great nation of Mossi to at tack and cap ture its capital ; therefore, 111 order to savo his great store of treasure, ho ut. oneo had it mado up into single camel loads, taken out of tho citj-, and secreted in various distant spots on the confines of his empire. Ill these eireuni- stances it became ncccssa-, of course, to keep a strict and minute indication of each spot wliovo tlio wealth of the capital was con cealed, in ordov that it might ho recovered nfter the wnr, therefore Koti was ordered to inscribe in liis hook directions how to uuoarth tho great store of gold mid gems, tho spoils of tiio wars of four centuries. This, un cording to our hook tho Tarik o Soudan ho did, mid tho precious manuscript was given into the Sultan's own kocping. Ere ono moon had waned, however, tho learned historian died suddenly at Tindirmn, ivhoro a little white lnosquo-like liouso murks his grave tu this day. It is supposed thai lie was poisoned by order of tho Sultan, so that ho should not divulge the whereabouts of tho secreted treasure. Tlio war was afterwards fought, proving disastrous to tho Siiltun, who was compollcd to fly, and, it is bclioved, was afterwards tronchoroiisly murdered, as rulors were apt to ho in those "turbulent cloys. But tlio priceless volumo and gnido to tiio enor mous treasure of ancient Jenno anil Timbuktu became lost to all. For nearly five centuries tlio l-ccoveiy of tho Fatassi lias been tlio dream of rieli nud poor aliko throughout tho Soudan. Tliu scholar oovoted it hccititso it would slial so muoh light upon tho olisouro past of thoso vast regions ; tlio camel-driver, tho merolmnt, and tlio prineo aliko desired to possess it for tho informal ion it was known to contain regard ing tho long-lost wonlth. It-was heenuso of tlio latter that our con querors, tho Froueli, desired to obtain it. But theirs, film my own, was a vuin desire. A wliolo moon passed, and still ivo pressed forward towards Gno, ovor 111 tlio crimson track of tlio dying day. Ono uiglit, howovor, when tlio camp was asleep, tho guards raised tho alarm, but so suddonly wero wo nttuckal tlmt wo scarco had timo to defend ourselves against the desperate onslaught by a column of Frenob Spalns who had swopt down upon ns. It waa a mad, terrible rush. Although our tribesmen fouglit valiantly and well, it was impossihlo to withstand tlio frightful lmil of hullots poured upou upon us by u mechani cal gun which spat forth load 111 deadly showers. Our men, seoing tlia liavoo wrought by this devilish weapon, turned and lied. lYn-tunntolv- the poison-wind lmil sprung uj), and its clouds of sand cannot ho faced by men of tho north ; thoroforo wo wero enabled to c.sonpo, although unfortunately compelled to leavo the greater jjart of the stolon camols aud uicrchandiso in their posses sion. . - > As ' in the ' confusion I caught a horse, sprang ti'pon it and rodo into tho blinding sandstorm for my life, I heard the dull thud of the horses' hoofs of- -iny pursuers. From tho lioiso thoro must havo been a sooro pf so of thorn, anxious no doubt to secure a marauder feared by nil tho caravans. But 'swift as the Wind itself I galloped on alone tho greater part of the hot, stifling night, until pulling up, dismounting, and pluoingniy car to tho ground, I could uotect no sound of .pursuit. At last I had hy tho narrowest escape ovnded tlio red-biu-nouscd men of tho north, ' whoso ohicf delight is to shoot us down like dogs. In tlio glimmering twilight, as night gave -pluco'to dawn, I saw before tno a huge dark rook rising from tlic ocean of sand shaped liko a camel's hamp, and riding onward I totkercd my horse beneath it and flung myself down to suiitnh an hour's sleep ere tlio sun rose, in tending to go forth again and rejoin my scattered tribesmen. How long miuo eyes wero closed AUoli 11I0110 bnowoth, but when I opened them I found myself lying upon 11 panther's skin in a darkened chamber, my ears filled with the lioiso of running water. Tho place was cooled by the stream, and in the dim recess of tho room I could distinguish rich divans. Suspended from tlio roof was a fine Moorish lamp of chased brass whicli shed a soft yellow light, while from tho perfuming-pnii was diffused the intoxicating odour of attar of roso. Tho light was soft and restful after the accustomed desert glare, and in wonder I rubbed my eyes and gazed about mo "Allah givo thoo peace, O stranger!" a thin voico croaked, and, glancing quickly behind me, I beheld .11 jvisenod-faced man, small of stature, dressed ill a robe of bright bine silk, and so bent by ago that his whito heard almost swept tho ground. Notwith standing his venerable appearance, howovor, his fnuo was dark and forbidding, and his small black piercing eyes, that timo. liad not dimmed, hud a glint of evil in them. Instinctively, ere we had exchanged a dozen words, I distrusted hini. "To whose hospitality do I. own the rest and repose I have enjoyed?" I in quired, slowly rising to my feet and stretching nij- cramped limbs. "My name," tlio old man answered, "is Batoiilia. I discovered Iheo sleeping in tho sun outxido this my dwoliing-place, aud brought thoo in, for tho rays liad smitten thoo with a grievous sickness, and thou wert on tlio point, of death. Tliou hast remained my guest those twelve days." " Twelve days !" 1 cried with incredulity, at the same moment feeling iny head reeling is though I had drunk the palm wino of tho pagans. " Then to tlieo I owe my life?" The hideous old man 111 blue grinned with satisfaction, regarding 1110 with a strnugo covert glannc. By this lime my eyes liad grown accustomed to tho semi-dai-kness, and I— .saw that tlm chamber was a natural ono— a kind of arched eavcrn, tho floor of which had been levelled, and a channel formed for the eool spring that bubbled forth and rippled away into gloomy depths. " This tliy dwelling is beneath the siu-ftice of llio earth," I observed, glancing around me in curiosity. " Why dwellest thou here in secret ? " " Tlm trno Arab answerotli not the ques tions of a robber of the Ennitrn," lie replied, with a sneering accentuation on tlm final word. "Allah hath sent thee as my guest; pari ake of all that I have, hut seek ho expla nation of who, or of what. I am." Ho evidently recognised that I was a free booter of tlm dreaded Ennitra, but his strange words puzzled mo. First, I liad 110 idea that such a luxurious nliode could exist in the centre of that wild, inhospitable region to which I had penetrated ; secondly, the vory faet. pointed to the conclusion "that 111 111- tfiglit. I laid approached ncarn town; hut, thirdly, I had already proof positivo that, my ugly host, the man w"ho declared ho had saved my life, lied to inc. At tho well wliero we liad filled our water skins on the day before tlic fight I had plucked a sprig of jasmine, and placed a tiny piece behind my car beneath the white liaick wound about my head. This I recollected, ;and taking it iu my hand, found it still limp anil imdried. By that alono I know I had not been there many hours, and that his story was false. I suggested that I should soon ho reluc tantly compelled? to leave, hut at onco ho became more profiisn in his hospitality. "No, not'yot," he protested. ""I am alone, savo for my .-laves, and thy companion ship is pleasant. " Remain, und I will show thee over this, my hidden dwelling-place. It nui-. interest thee," and taking down a torch ho lit it and led tlm way across a tiny bridgo that spanned the running water, then oponing 11 ioiv door iu tlio rock conducted um through several intricate passages, narrow and datl:, until wo caino to u series of caverns of various sizes, tlio roofs of hanging stalao-' titcs, tlio walls hung with rich silken hang ings, aiid tiio floors covered hy beautiful carpets from tho East. Ovor each tho great lamp of filigree slicd a soft light, showing how rich and costly were tlio antique tables of inlaid pearl and silver, aud how wiilo anil soft woro tho divans, in each tiio thin bltm amoko curling upward from tho golden perfuming pan gave forth a dclloious.odour, una in ono I noticed, lying discarded, a pair of tiny green slippers "em broidered with seed-pear!-, mid a jinkra, 0110 of those little iwn-slringod guitars, fashioned from 11 tortoise shell, both of which objects betrayed the presence of a woman. AV'licn we had passed through half a dozen similar chambers in tho solid rook the old man, cranking as I10 went, stopped suddenly at the further end of tlm last and most gorgeous of all liis subterranean domain, and wilh a grim expression on bis evil faco said : ' And this is tlio dreaded gate of tlm Kingdom of Darkness, whence none return." I stalled, and drew back. Throughout tlm desert, there lias been for all timo 11 legend tliat somewhere thorn exists tho entrance to tlm dreaded Kingdom of Ilawiyul, where Eblis rcignctli. lie opened wide the small door, hut there was only a darkness impeimtrablo nud an odonr oi' damp earth. Holding his torch aloft, lie crossed tho threshold and bade mo peer in. Then I distinguished a l'ew spans from where lie stood :i yawning noisome chasm opciiiug to the very bowels of tlio earth. "Hearken!" ho cried iu his squeaking uncanny voice, at tlm same timo returning into tlic room and snatching up from ono or tiio cofi'eo stools 11 large metal dish, whicli iui instant later lie hurled into tlm dark abyss. I listened to ascertain its depth, but no sound onmo hack. I shuddered, for I know it was unfathomable. As I10 faced 1110 in closing tlio door I de tected iu liis keen eyes a strange exultant look, and was seized by a sudden desire to ascend once again to the light of day. True, I could havo crushed the lil'o out of him as easily ns I could crush a vipor beneath my heel, while in my sash was still my kcon jambiyali, that curved knife which a score ol' times had tasted tlio life-bluoil of luino enomics. A'cf. lio hud not banned mc, and to kill one's host is for- biddon by our Koran. Therefore I stayed my Imnd. . As wo reirnocd our steps lie poured upon tno nauseating adulation, declaring mo to be tho most valiant freebooter in tho Great Desort, anil using tho most extravagant similo of whicli tlio Arab tonguo is capable, n fact whioli in itself filled me with increased sus picion. Suddenly, ns wo reached the chamber whura flowed tlio cooling- spring, tho truth beenmo instantly plain. As I10 opened tho door two offioors ol tho French in linen gar ments and whito helmets, who liad boon apparently lying in wait, pouuood upon mo, uttering loud cries of triumph. ' Tiio old wliite-bearded recluse— may Allah hum his vitals with tho fire unquenchable hud betrayed mo. Ho lmd hold mc, and sent word to tlio inildols to como and capture their prize. But in au iii3lant I, upon whoso head a prioo.tvns sot, drew mv bludo and dofmidod myself, - slushing vigorously right and left, succeeding at lust in escaping down tho dark winding passago wo had just traversed. For ward,,.! dashed through room after room, upsetting some of tlio tables in my mad rush, for behind 1110 wero tliu wliito-fuccd officers with drawn swords, determined to lako me nlivo or dead. Well I know how desperate they were, and in that instant believed myself lost. Yet, determined to sell my lifo dourly, it flushed across my mind that rather than sutler tho ignominy of being taken in chains tu Algiers, tho infidel city, and there tried by the tribunal, 11s others bad been, I would cast myself to the fathomless pit. I sprang towards t'10 small doer, hut nt first could not i-p-.-u it. In 11 few svt'Ogib (lie — ... 4. crafty Eatouba, with tlic two Frenchmen, , had gamed tho spot, but I had already -gaincil' tho door and thrown it open. Thon, just as thoy put out their hands to seize mo I swung aside, lifted my knife, and struck ray evil- faced betrayer full to tlio heart. « ... With a piercing shriek lio fell forward over the threshold, and his lifeless body rolled down into tho awful eliusni, wliilo nt tho same instant I gave a bound, and with n cry of defiance, leaped headlong down into tlis darkness after him. ' , \- I felt myself rushing through air, U10 Wind wliistling into my ears ns deep down I went liko it stone into tho inpenctrahlo gloom. - Each second seemed an hour, until of a sudden a blow on tlio back knocked mo insonsible, and I found myself an instant later wallow ing in a bed of thick soft dust. At that moment it occurred to me that be cause of this carpet of the dust of ages deadening tlic sound of all tilings pitched into tho chasm, tho belief had naturally arisen that it was unfathomable. I rose, but sank ngain to tho knees in tho dry soft dust which, stirred by my fall, now half choked rae. Fuy " above, looking distant like a star, I saw the - light of a torch. My infidel pursuers woru peering into the fearsomd placo in chagrin that I had evaded them. The uiv, however, was hot and foul, and I know tint to save my lifo I must ho moving. Therefore, with both bunds outstretched I groped about, amnzed to discover the great extent of this natural clcft'in the earth, formed undoubtedly by some earthquake in a remote ago. Onco I stumbled, and bending, felt atniy feottlie still warm body of my betrayer— may Eblis rend him. I drew my jamhiyiih from his breast, and rcphiced it in its slicnth. Then, tearing from liis body tlio silken gauze which formed his girdle, I fashioned from it a toroh, igniting it after some difficulty with niy steel. Around nui was only an appalling darkness, and I feared to test the extent of the plnco by shouting, lest my pursuers above should hear. So for- wni-d I toiled in a straight line, floundering at every stop in tho dust until tho ' cleft narrowed and became tuniiol-likc, with is hard floor. I stooped to feel and wns as tounded to discover that tho rock liad.appur- nntly.been worn smooth and hollow cither by- ' a watercourse, now dry, or hy tho tramp of many feet. Besides, tlio nil- had become distinctly fresher, and this fact renewed courage withiii mc. At first I felt myself doomed to dio liko a fox iu a trap, but hope was rc-awakencil withiu me, and tlioro might after all, I thought, he somo outlet. Of a sudden, however, my eves wero startled at beholding a colossal fcmfile figuro seated on a kind of stool, with features so hideous and repulsive tliat I drew back with nn involuntary cry. It wns a score times us high as myself, aiid as I hold my torch above 111 y head to cxamiiio it, I saw it was of somo wiiitosemi-transparont stone tlio liko of which I had never before witnessed. Tho l-obos were coloured scarlet anil bright blue and tliu faco and hands wero crudely tiutcd to re semble life. One Land was outstretched. Oh the brow- was a c-lmplc-t of wonderful inagfiificciit pearls, and 011 the colossal lingers, each its thick as my own wrist, were massivo golden rings which sparkled with emeralds and diamonds. But. the sinister grinning coun tenance was indeed that of a liigh-priestcss of Eblis. I had entered flie Silent Kingdom ! Amazed, I hold my breath and gazed about mo. Around tho sides c.f the cavern were ranged many other smaller femalo figures seated, like the central one, tho face of each bearing a hideous repulsive grin, as if in mockery of my misfortunes. Before tho great central "colossus was a small triangular strain altar, upon which was sonic object. I crossed " and glanced at it, found to my dismay that it was a beautiful anil very ancient illuminated manuscript, of ran- lioly 'Koran. But through it had bcon thrust u puignnrd, now red with rust, and it had been torn, slashed, and other wise defiled. Then it dawned up mc. This noisome place into which I had plunged was the temple of tlmt uncioiit accursed sect who worshipped Eblis as tlicii-god. As I gazed wondcringly about me I saw everywhere evidence that for ages 110 foot of man liad entered that silent chamber. Tho dust of centuries lay smooth and untrodden. . Again I passed beneath the pouderous l'ccb of the gigantic statue, when suddenly my eyes were attracted hy nn inscription in Kufic, tliu ancient writings of tho marabouts, traced iii geometrical design npon the hem of tlio idols garments. My torch had burned dim, so I lit another, and hy its dickering rays succeeded iu deciphering llio following words : " Lo ! 1 am Azour, wii'o of Eblis and tlio Qticcu of all Tilings Beneath tiio Earth. To mo all how, for I hold its riches iu the- hollow of my hand." I glanced up quickly, and there far above, I distinguished that, -in tho idol's open palm thoro lay some object which tho fioklo flamo of my torch could not reveal. But, cousumcd hy curiosity, I at once resolved to clamber up and ascortniu what riches lay there. With oxtrcmo difficulty, and holding my llainheuit in iny left imnd, I managed at length to reach tlio platform formed hy tlio lniccH of tlic figure, aud then soramhlcd up . tlio breast and along tiio outstretched arm. On mounting the latter I was dismayed to discover that tho object for which I had toiled was neither gold, silver, nor gems, hut merely a brown uuii mouldy parchment scroll. Standing at last upon tho open hand I bent .-mil picked it tip, hut next instant I recognised that my fiud was of priceless value. Ere I had read three lines of tho beautifully-formed but sadly-faded Arabic characters I knew tliat this soroll was noiio other than tlio long-sought manuscript of the Fatassi, tlio mysterious phantom hook. Ages ago it had evidently fallen into tho hands of tiio accursed worshippers of Ebli«, and they had placed it there because it was a key to the enormous wealth of buried treasure. With Jmy find beneath my burnous I nt 01100 descended, eugcr.to discover somo means of eseapo from that weird aud gloomy cavern peopled by its hideous ghosts of a pugau past. In frantic haste I sought' means of exit from that temple "wliero so many rites, hideous and horrible, hail been practised, hut not until many lnmrs had elapsed did I succeed in finding a narrow burrow which, leading as it did nut into a barren ravine iu tho desert, bail onco 110 doubt been used as entrance to tiio secret pinoo of worship of that now forgotten sect who believed not in thu One Merciful, hut iu Eblis, and Azoiu- hid queen. . After wandering many days I succeeded iii rejoining my people at a spot four marches from Gao, hearing hidden beneath my robe tho priceless history of my ancestors, with its . minuto instructions for tho recovery of their hidden treasure. At this moment tho Fatassi, traced hy tho hands of Koti, tho marabout, aud so long coveted by tho French, is iu my possession, though only to two of my tribesmen havo I imparted tlic seorot that I havo recovered it. At 0110 spot indicated I havo already sought secretl, and not in vain. To seek, howovor, to unearth tlio treasure of our ancestors at present would lie worso tlmn useless, for our conquerors would nt onco dospoil us. But when tho holy war 1ms been fought against tlm infidels, and mure peaceful days dawn iu tlio Soudan, then will tho secret ti-easui-e- liouso he opened, mid tho now despised Ennitra become a power in the land, bcouu.-o of tho inexhaustiblo riches left to them hy their valiant nnccstors for tho ro-cstablish- uipntnf their long-lost kingdom. Until -then thoy nossoss themselves in ptitioncc ami trust in tlio One. To thee, O reader of tills iny Tarik of toil and tumult, peace. 