The Man in The Mask ; ojv A Desperate Stratagem. Torn by- an Ex Deieoiive, During four months " The Man in the Mask" was a celebrity in Winclifi end around' the place for soveral miles. He was also a mystery. His existence could not be donbted even by those who bad not seen him, btcauso the stories told. of his occasional appearances wero eo clear and circumstantial as to be ab solutely convincing. Those who had seen bim remembered tho meeting with pain. His interviews with tho few personB he had chosen to favor with hiB 'attention were tiBually short, sharp and alarmingly earnest. He demanded all the money, the watob,and any other artiolts of value which the person whom be confronted chanced to have in bis possession, and the' demand watt followed by surrender. ' Tho terrible alternative was in timated by the barrel of a revolver firmly held, and presented full in tho face of the person whoeo goods wero n quired. The men who had"' met " The Man in the Mask," and continued their way muoh poorer in aonscquence, could not deEcnba him. His face was completely covered by a dark grey ma<-k. They conld only soo ho was a big fellow, with a hunch on- hie back, mounted on a powerful horse, and that bis voioe was deep and gruff. The people in Winclifi did not know any man who answered to that im perfect description. His appearance had not been mada at any place more than five miles distant from Winclifi, yet to everybody in and around the place the daring robber was a mystery. In no instsnco had.tke mysterious Man in the Mask found it necessary to iufhot bodily injury in order to secure tho booty he sought. But the fact that ho wa3 a robber who re- vtved tho practices of the highwayman of old was sufficiently dhquieting. It might be somo chivalrous sentiment that led him to epsrc tho persons and the pockets of men whoso all was but a liitle. Qs appeared only to those who were reputed rich, and extorted from fear tho gold he oould not gain by more lawful and hone-Bt means. He waB, there fore, very naturally set down in the minds of ail law- respecting persons as a miscreant whose suppression became an imperative duty. The performance of the duty devolved on me, and I est myself resolutely to tho task of penetrating tho mystery that shrouded the Man in tho Mask, One evening in February a gentleman named Welham was .. driving towards Win- oliil. His vehicle was a light gig, in which he frequently travelled long distances, and displayed, ail the good points of the' horse that happened to be' under hio control. A hobby i f bis youth) which did not appear to loee any of its strength though bis age was in the fifties, was to drive a good horse, and his ampto means enabled him to indulge that expenBivo taste in all .seasons, Mr. Welham was driving towards Winoiiff, interning to patronise its well known hostelry, tho Roebuck Infi, for tho night, nnd to drive over tho twonty-two mileB of road that lay between Winclifi and London on the follow ing morning. The night had fallen suddenly. The sky was clouded, end tho horso was pursuing hie way nt a moderate pace when less than five miles from tho intended baiting-place. The traveller was anticipating tho light, warmth, and animal comfort for man and beast that were to be found at tho inn, when an ovcr.t occurred that gave a very different tone and character to hie thoughts. Mr. Welham was approaohing a point where a wide, greasy lane opened on the high road, When near that point, a mounted man etiddenly emerged from the lane and reined up his horse in tho centre of the road ae if to bar hie progress. Mr. Welham peered into the rider's face aa ho approaohed him. Ii would bo more exact to say ho looked inquir ingly at that portion of the man between breast and hat, but failed to discover a face, " Stop !" wes ehouto'd in a muffled voice. Tho Btraogcr's arm wan extended, aud a chining revolver was" plainly Been firmly grasped in bis hand, tho muzzle of wkiab looked liko a round, dull, blaak eye, staring menacingly into Mr, Welham'a face. In an instant the gentleman "realised that he was in the presence of tho redoubtable Man in the Mask. "Why should I stop? Who are yon to givesuoh an order? ' exclaimed Mr. Welham, at the same time, however, pulling up bis Horse as its bead nearly touched that of the nnimsl on which the masked man was mounted, "Snip to save your life, if -yon think it worth saving; If your horse moves a yard Fll stop bim with a bullet, and then have more ready for you. Try me, if you liko. You see, I hold your lifo in my hands ; but I don't want your.lifo if I can get your money without it. I om desperate, and I oan't waste time. Do .what I ask, and you may go on without any hurt ; refuse, and the next in stant yon will be a dead man, and I will tako what I want." . It was a deep, boareo, but terribly earnest voice that oame from behind the mask. The words were not spoken in a way that gave any hint of agitation or passion. The voice was probably disguised, but it was so ovsnly emitted that the hearer could not doubt tho speaker meant to do all he said— even to murder— rather than permit his victim to evade or frustrate him. " What do you want?" Mr. Welham said, recognising tho necessity for coming to terms with his assailant. " Money, and everything I may turn into money. Quick I Your purse, v&ur; watol), your jewels. Lay them in my hand— all. Drop tho reins. If you attempt to' esoapo or to resist you will force mo to murdor. Quick I \- and hewBrel" Tho Man in tbo Mask walked hio horso to the eido of tho gig, keeping Mr. Welham oo- verod with th'o revolver until the muzzle of tho woopon nearly to'uohed hie oar. Tito gentleman instantly decided that ho must submit to tbo robbery as tho least of two evils between which bo was compelled to choose. Tha property demanded was placed in tho robber's left ltnnd. He transferred it to a pooket in the side of the long dark oloak ho wore, which oompletoly covered him from the earn to the knos,.\y " You havo robbed me ot everything," Mr. Welham said, hoping the Man in the Mask would accopt that intimation that his busi ness was completed and permit the victim to pursue hie way. "Not yet. Yon have a book, or case, that may be filled with valuable papers." " Only a fow letters and pBpors relating to business." "I want none of them. But bring out your book and open every scrap of the paper before mo, Do not try to cheat me,, mind." \- " Cheat /' repeatod Mr. Welham, particu larly emphasising tho word. Ho produced his pocket book, however, and proceeded to open each poj cr it con tained, so. that the robber, in me light afforded by the gig-lamp, could discover itB charaoter. From an inner pooket of the book tho masked man directed him to draw folded papers, which proved to be three ten- pound notes. It iB hardly necessary to add that the robber immediately oaused them to be plaeed in bie hand. He directed Mr. Welham to secure hie ether paperB. When that was done he forced him to turn his horio and drive back along the road he had traversed. When he had driven about a mile, ho might return ; but if he attempted to follow the Mask, tho consequences would be fatal. Half an hour after his unpleasant adven ture on the road, Mr. Welham arrived at the Roebuck, in Winoiiff. His first cure waB for his horse, whioh was decidedly weary after an unusually long day's jonrney. When ho had seen the animal conveyed to the stable, he entered tho inn, was supplied with a draught of brandy and water, and aBked the nearest way to the police station. " The polios station, Bir I I hope none of Iho men about our place have beon uncivil ? Mr. Hilyard would deal with any incivility pretty sharply, if there's a complaint to be made about any one iu tbo Roobuolt," said a man, who appeared to bo the actual manager of the establishment, and second in authority to Mr. Hilyard only,' who was the landlord of tbe inn. " No, no ; I've nothing to say against any body at the inn ; bat I have business at the station. Is Mr. Hilyard at home ?" "Yes, sir. He. was here a few minutes ago. Shall I ring for him ?" " Do, please." The manager summoned Mr. Hilyard, who made bis appearance after a few seoonds. His.arisp, fair hair, open couutenanco, and generally well-fed appearance, told of good health, good living, and good spirits, and conveyed a decidedly pleasing impres sion. " I want a word with you, landlord)" said Mr. Welham. " At your service, Bir. Will you step In hero?" said the obliging Boniface, opening a door .of stained glace, which admitted to a little room that was used ub an office, and was also tho "governor's" private room downstairs. Mr, Welham stepped in, and immediately told Mr. Hilyard of hi3 oncounter with the Man in tho Mask. The landlord was sorry und indignant at the sume time. "I've tried all I can to find ont tho fellow, and I believe tho detective office in London is looking after bim, but it doesn't seem to bo a bit of use. He oomes and he goes like a ghost. He's robbed six or seven gentlemen in a few. months, but nobody scemB able to guess where he comes from, nor wheie he goes to. He's a xeul puzzle, sir." " Well, he baB a hundred pounds of mine in money und goodB just now. I thought it best to toll you, beouueoyou may put other gentlemon on their guard. I must give information at the police office. Where is it ?" " Only a few minutes' walk. I'll Ecnd a man to show you." " Yes ; I'vo lost too much time already." Tho landlord opened his door and epokc to hie manager. "Call Drown at once. Tho Maek is ont to-night, it Bccms. This gentleman wus robbed a few miles front here, and wauts to lodgo information. Brown must go with him to the station." Brown WB3 eoon in attendance. Tho rob bery was reported in the station, tbo stolen property described, and once moro the local authorities were roused to exert their powers for the capture of the Man iu tha Maek. It happened that tho discovery of the rob. ber, "who committed his depredations in a style eo much like that of bighwayen of the Dick Turpin era, was nonrcr than even the gentleman who had suffered could have hoped. A couple of hours after Mr. Wolham'B return from the police etution ho was in the emake-room of tho inn, when the manager approached him! " Mr. Hilyard wishes to opeak to you, if you cad spare a minute," he said. "loan spare ten minutes if Mr. Hilyard baB anything particular to eay." "He will ecu you in hiB private room, if you please. He says tho manor is import ant." Mr. Welham went to tbo little room be fore deeonbed, und wue muoh atruok by the serious expression of tho landlord's face. " Y'ou will forgive me, I'm euro, when you know why I disturbed you. A man from tbe station has been hore. He telle mo some money has been Btolen, and that the sov ereigns havo a peculiar mark. If any sov ereigns with thut mark comes into my hands I am to ask tho person who offers ic where he got it, eo that it may be traced baok to the thief. Was thero a mark of any kind on the gold you have lost ?" "Yes; there were six sovereigns in my purse, and a small to. with a fine lino before and after it, were scratched under the head of each," Mr. Wolbam replied. "That is the mark the policeman de scribed. I see now it was your money he meant. But a thing that troubles me more than I can tell is that I gave a eovereign in obango, with juot such a mark, not more than a quarter of an hour before I heard of it." " That ie astonishing I Are you sure tho mark was exactly like mine?" "Yes. I cannot bo quite positive aboat the lineB, but I remember the w distinctly, and I believe there was a little scratch before and aftor tho letter, juet at it they were intended to Bbut it in, liko." ' . " PreeiBely." " I noticed it wlion my man gave it to me. I had sent him out in the afternoon to ool- lect a few small aeeoonts, aud ho didn't ooiiio baok nntil after yon arrived. Then ho was druuk. Ho had got only ono pound sovon from one of my customers, and when ho paid it in I sent him eff to bed. That marked sovereign was tho one bo paid me, and I looked at it closely at the time,. I moot get rid of him." "I most see bim at once, sir. As your man gave -you one rovereign bearing my mark he may have moro. lio may ha tbe masked robber himself, or he must know where he oan bo fonnd. I insist on the man's being questioned and searched !" Mr, Welham exclaimed, excitedly. " l't is only natural that you ehould, Bir, and I am willing to aid you iu'overy way. Cut, you sea, it would ho liltlo less than ruin to mo if a suspicion got out that a highway robber waB one of my servants, and slept in this house. We rnuBt bo able to prove it. Then I shall help you to punish him, and that will remove aU suspicion from the houBe." " Dot while vre aro talking here the roan may eBOape. For Heaven's eeko drop words and come to action?" Mr, Wdham ex- ,alaImc<L " He was too far gone in liquor to make any attompt to osoape before some time in the morning. I will oend a line to the sta tion nBking for two men to be sent here directly, or you tnay send the note. When the mon are here, wc will go to his room and V a en him. Perhaps tho Bight of policemen will help us to get the real truth from him," said the landlord. " Very likely. But there is no time to be Io3t. Give me paper, and I will write." Tho paper was laid on the tabic, and Mr. Welham wrote a few wordB requesting the presence of responsible officers at the Roe buck Inn. Another line intimated that a cine to the identity of the masked robber had been found. A few minutes later a sergeant in plain- olotbes and a constable in uniform were in the Boebuok. Mr. Hilyard told the sergeant about the marked sovereign he bad received, and gave the name of tbo man to whom he bad given it. The latter lived abont three miles away. Then tho four want to the little baok room over an outhouse whero the suspected man-ot-all-work slept. The entry of the whole party did not awake the sleeper. " Soaroh first," soggested Mr. Welham, at the same time seizing a short coat of thick dark serge that had been carelessly thrown on a chair. The landlord seized a vest that lay on the floor and thrust his fingers in the pockets, finding only a sixpence and three pennies, which ha at once returned. ' " There ie nothing here but a pips, tobacco, and dirt," whispered Mr. Welham, after examining every pocket he oeuld find in the coat. " There's money here, I think," said the sergeant in plain-clothcB, speaking in sup pressed tines. He had carefully lilted a pair of tronBero that lay upon the bed, and had drawn from one of the pockets a littlo pooket wrapped in a picco of newspaper. On opening ihiB psoket it was found to contain iivo sovereigns, Mr. Welham ana tho plum-clothes man looked at them closely, and the marks wore plainly disoorniblo under the head of eaob. Tho ooine were refolded in tho paper, and returned to the trousera pocket. Then the sergeant seized tho sleeper by the shoulder and shook bim roughly. Ho awoke and sprang up to a sitting posture in the bed, when the oonetable in uniform Btoppod for ward ready to grapple with tbe man ehould ho resort to violonoo. " Why — I Bay — what's the matter ? What do you nil want ?" the man ejaculated, ;ia he beoamo thoroughly awake, and looked from one to another in confusion, "Your master wants to ask you a question. But be careful what you say. I must take notice of every word," said the sergeant. ' But what's it all about? I'll answer any question Mr. Hilyard wants to ask me. What is it ?" " I want to know what kind of money Mr. Benson gave you this afternoon when he paid his account?" "You want to know that? I thick yon ought- to know when I gave it to you. It was a sovereign, two two-ehillin' pieces, hall a crown, an' a ahillin'. He said I might keep the sixpence over for a glass, an' I did." . " Dut you give me the sovereign you got from Mr. Beueon? You were out all the afternoon, you know, and you oame here drunk." " No, eir — not drnnb. It takes a lot to make me what I call orunk. I'd bad a few dnnke, I know, 'cause I'd been about a bit, but I knew what I was doin'." " I ask — did you give me tbo sovereign you got from Mr. BoriBun?" " Do you nieau to say I didn't ? I'll BWcar I did." " Had you any other sovereigns ?" "No; 1 don't have many sovereigns about me, except when I'm paid a few for you." "The sovereign you gave ma was marked," " I didn't mark it." "But you havo other sovereigns in your pooket with tho eumo mark on. How or where did you get them ?" " UovoreignB m my pocket? How do yen know whut'e in my puokct? You needn't trouble about my pockets, Mr. Hilyard. 11 there was tnc-nty uovoreigus is my pockets none of 'em 'ua bo youre." "I'm sure they're not mino; and there's reason to think they Bhould not be yours. Sergeant Lyne3 searched aud found them tnoro." "Searched I Found tliom I" he exolaimod, hie effrontery giving place to alarm. '' Yes ; I must taku ijou into custody on suspicion oi having Btolen the money. This gentleman has been robbed, and 1 have found part of tho stolen property in your pouket. You must come with mo." Protestations of innocence were loud, vehement, and frenzied, but they oeuld not alter fuots, and they wero unavailing. Jake Hiecough was conveyed to the police station. Tha membcra oi tho local force were jubilant at thu thought that the loug-dreaded Man ia the Maek had been'eaptnred and inoaroerated in Wiucfiff, tbe ceutrul puint arouod wlnsii ho had moved and committed his various crimes. A few minutao after Mr. Wolbam had re- porttd liis loss to the police authorities in Winoiiff, news of tho robbery was wired to the headquarters of the detective depart ment in Lundou. As soon sb 1 uppeuroa in the office next morning tho case was given into my hands. I was invested with power to do all I might think necessary to bring the offender to justice, nnd I alerted at once to oommenoe my investigation of a cano in which I felt more than ordinary protesiioual interest, I arrived in Wincliff befoio the prisoner had been taken before the magistrate, and it waB there I learned nearly all tne particulars 1 have mentioned. In the first place, I was curious to see the man who bad become a criminal celebrity. My firet view of bim was obtained through the grating in the door of the- cell in which he was oaanued. There was nothing in his appearance to correspond with my precon ceived notion of a desperate highwayman. Bat we know how deceptive and misleading appearanoe frequently are. The spirit of a devil may be sometimes masked nnder the outward seeming of a person ot mora than ordinary virtue. I spoke to Jake Qiseougb, and ho replied to me with the air of a man whom the disoovery of his orime had utterly confounded. I could not gain from bim anything moro than repeated assurance of hiB lDnecenoe. Woen I said the sovereigns in bis pocket told a different tale, he merely said : " I know nothing about tbem sovereigns. Tbe devil must have put tbem there. I never did. I hadn't even a ahillin' the last timo -I remember ieelin' for money, an' how five pound came to be in my pooket I don't know. I believe tbere'e somo dodge in tbe whole affair that I can't understand. Tbe gentleman that was robbed or jjcrgesnt Lynes knows more about it than I do, I never robbed anybody in a mask or ont of a mask, an' I wasn't ridin1 about the road after dark neither. I oan tell every place I was in, an' I swear 1 never saw that money beforo I saw it in the sergeant's hand, if swearin' will do mo any good. " Swearing will not save yon from being oommitted for trial, or, at least, remanded. I'd help you if 1 could. II you can tell me where you wero, and if others can provo you were not near tbo place when tho gentleman was robbed, that will show that you can't bavo robbed him. A man can't be in too pluceB at one time, oven if he has a fact horse to ride." . "I wasn't on the back of a horse ail ;ei< terday." "Abortions without proof are no defenca ag. ? t strong ovidenoe. The finding of the money in your pooket will require a lot of ex- phining." " An' I can't explain nothing abont that. I don't know how it came there, an' I don't know bow long it waB thero ; in fact, as I said bsfore, I don't know anything about it." Tho prisonor named a few persona with whom ho i a d ho had been about tho time at which tho roobery was oommitted. I made notes of the names and places be mentioned, intending to tost tho aoouracy of hiB state ments by personal inquiry. Mr. Wolbam oould not set off on bis drive to London so early sb he had intended that morning. He appeared in tho court when the priEoner was brought up on the charge of- having committed robbery from tha person on tho Queen's highway. He asserted tbav the five sovereigns fonnd in the prisoner'a pooket were part of the money oi which he had been deprived under threat of death , but, as tho robber was masked, and as ho ap peared to be hnmpbecked, ho oould not eay whether tho prisoner was tho man. Mr. Hilyard told his story, whioh was dear and ciraau.s<nntial. - He had Bent to tha gentleman to whom ho gave the eovereign in change, but had not yet heard from him. The landlord's statement left littlo doubt aa to tho prisoner's guilt. Sergeant LyneB de posed to finding the money. The prisoner, when queBtioned, said bo nVsb not near the scono _of . the orime when the robbery waa committed. Ho conld prove that by calling witnesses, and he would swear he did not know anything about tbo money found in bis pocket. After bearing all, tho magis trate Bgreed to remand the prisoner (or three days, during which the most searching inquiry Bhould be made. ffoon an the prisoner was removed from the dook, I arranged with the police authori ties for an immediate and rigorous search of the room he hud slept in at the Roebuck Inn. Without appearing to take a prominent part in the bnsinesa, I accompanied tbe eearohera and superintended their proceedings. Mr. Hilyard afforded us facility to visit tho places in whioh the prisoner was principally employed ; bot a very thorough search (ailed to discover any other particle of tho Btolen property, or any article of attire corre sponding to tho description Mr. Welham had given. Wbilo in the yard of the inn I asked tha ostler whether Jake Hiscongh had taken out a horse the preooding evening, and learned that he had not. Mr. Hilyard had ridden out for about an hour in tho evening to oall 00 a gentleman who lived a few miles away, but be handed the horse to tho ostler again about half an hour after dark. I then went in eearoh of the persona whose names I had jotted down. I spoke about the truil und tne charge, and what I learned from Jake's friends corroborated what he had told me. "loan swear, an' so oan others, Jake never left the Grey Goose from about half- past three till nearly six o'clock. Wo wera playin' quoits till it got dark, an' then we turned into the parlor an' played dominoes till Jake wont home. He was a bit 7rc3b, hue not more so than I was. He might 'ova called somewhere else on the way— I dar'eay ho wouldn't paes tho Nelson without callin' in for a glass — bnt it was a long time after dark when he left me. He's not a likely sort to be taken lor the Man i' the Mask." Btforo night I had learned enough to satisfy rne that Jake oould not havo oom mitted the robbery. But how was the presence ol tbo coins in his pooket to be accounted for ? And how did it happen that only the marked money should be ionnd in his possession, while thirty pounds in notes, a gold watoh and chain, and two diamond rings had utterly disap peared. I thought over nil I had learned long ona earnestly. 1 put the different liltlo items of knowlscge together, bb it is my habit to do, and tried to get a certain oloar idea out of all. Before I slops thut night, I was fully certain of two things. One was that Jako Hiscongh was not the robber, though some 01 tho booty was found in his pooket ; the other was that Jake had met the real Man in thu Maek, and I could find him. Ab early as possible next morning, I- waited on a magistrate, nnd Bent word that I wanted a fow words on important business. He gave me an interview at onoe, I told him my business in Wincliff, and then laid before him the theory 1 had formed the night before. 1 oannot da- Boribe his astonishment aB I proceodad, and I btliovo he thought as ' I did at luei. I went from his bouse with a eesrcll warrant in my pooket. Tin n I went to tho police office to complote arrangements for the step I intended to take. Tha lundlurd of tha ILebuck Inn was partaking of his rather late breakfast when I, two polico sergeants, and four mm entorod his hottelry on serious business. Hie ruddy oomplexion faded to an ashy palcneeu when I told bim I held a warrant empowering me to search his honee for stolon goods. Recovering from tbo stun ning effect of the intelligence, he mads a step toward mc us if he would kill me, but two of the men following instructions pre viously given, stepped before him. "We havo to do our duty, Mr. Hil yard, and I hope you'll not mako it moro unpleasant. We must search your rooms even if we have to ovcrcoma opuoai. tiou," " Gaged I— caught I Six mon to ono 1" ho hicsed, glaring at tho men ho re garded as enemies, with an expression of laoe that was wholly suggestive of mur der. "1'U go up with yon," ho added, suddenly, as if speaking on some impulse. " No, sir. You would not assist us. I will leave three men here to prevent you from following us," said the sergeant— aftor which announcement Mr. Hilyard sank, seemingly powerless, in a ohair. Our progress waa no longer impeded. We went to Mr. Hilyard's bedioom, and in a email box on tho dressing table found the gold wateb, tho diamond rings, and the motes whioh Mr. Welham had loat. In another box, fastened with a padlook, wa found a tightly-folded parcel, whiob, on' being opened, was found to contain soma of tbe properties used in tho "make-np" of tho Man in tbo Mask. There was tha long, dark oloak, with a bundlo of glass- cloths sewn on tho inside between tha shoulders to simulate a hump when worn. Within that waa a dark hat of soft fell to the ioner edgo of tho rim of whioh und extending halt nroand it, was firmly taoked a piece of cliff pasteboard, with two round perforations about two-tbirds of its length from tha bottom. It was dark' drab in color, and that was the'maBk whioh bad so long sbioldid the robber from reootk nition. - , Arrest of Mr. Hilyard immediately f« ' lowod those diocovoriee. At bis subsequent trial he confessed that be had placed the ' marked money in Juko Hiccough's packet whilo he slept. Soon as he returned after the robbery be had given one of tho stolen sovereigns to a gentleman in ohange. ff« afterwards learned that tbe gold wbb marked and feared it might bo tracod to him. To" turn BUBpioion from himseti ha invented tha eohemo wo havo described. But ounainc anduDBorupnloua wrong did not prevent tha judge from condemning to penal servitude. fas ten yours the onoe mysterious "Mar in Mask," . - . 