FIVE LITTLE MINSTEELS. From (he History of Music, by J. F. Robotham, M.A. (Abridged), There were five of them, Ethel, Rose, Dot, John, and Willie, and Aunt Annie called them the five little minstrels be cause they were all so fond of music. On the evening before she had been telling them about some of the great composers, and now, as she continued, she questioned them to see how much they remembered. “The next composer whom I shall speak about,” said Aunt Annie, “is Beethoven, who was alive only sixty or seventy years ago, and there are many people living at present who have seen him and conversed with him. He was a great composer cf symphonies and sonatas, which he brought to higher perfection than Haydn did, be causse he had all the labors of Haydn and Mozart to build upon. He also wrote an opera called Fidelio, a bcautifu Iwork, and several oilier works of other styles, but his symphonies and sonatas were his chief. Ho was a very peculiar) man, full of strange habits, who led a lonely life in Vienna, where he resided. In his later years he be came quite deaf. Fancy that!” “Deaf?” exclaimed Ethel. “Why, how could l’e Ircar his music?" “Alas! my child,” re plied Aunt Annie, “he never heard it at last. When he was playing beautifully on I the piano, suddenly there would be a gangle and a crash. This would be when lie laid his hand down with a bang on the keys to rest it, not knowing, or forgetting what a sound it would make. He wrote nine symphonies in all, which a great water of music has compared to the nine Muses of ancient Greece—they are so sub lime, and such splendid types of all that is grand in music for future composers to imitate. Next after Beethoven, comes an other Viennese composer for lis to con sider. His name was Schubert. He wrote beautiful songs; ho also composed symphonies and sonatas and operas. But his songs are his best compositions. You ; see, dears, that each of these groat com ; posers has some speciality—seme special j form- of music in which he excelled the' I others. Let us repeat some of these over r-ftgmnytbsee if .you remember! th em. Now, j I will beguiJwith Dot, for, as she is . the youngest, have the easiest ques tion.' And is the. easiest, for that; was the last one 1 spoke of. Schu berth best compositions, then, Dot were — ” “Songs," chirped Dot, quite delighted ta being able to give her answer so pat to her aunt's question. “Quito right, dar ling,” said her aunt. . “And Beethoven's, Willie, for you are the next oldest,, wore — 1” “Songs," chirped Dot, quite delighted Willie, who had a good memory., “Right. And Mozart's, Ethel—now Mozart oc curred in our yesterday's talk. I wonder if you/will remember?" “Mozart was the great opera-writer," responded Ethel promptly. “His operas were his finest works." “And Haydn, John V “Haydn," said John, looking vciy leartned, “was tho Father of the Symphony /’ '"A good an swer," remarked Aunt Annie. “How came you to remember it so well, John?" “If you please, aunt,” said one of tho child ren.” John ha sgot it down on a piece of paper.” John looked very confused, and the paper was handed to Aunt Annie “Well," rile said, rending tho paper, “hero it is plain enough, in Jolm’s handwriting —Haydn, tho Father of the Symphony, I am not going to scold John for taking it 1 down on paper. Indeed, I am rather pleased that he did so than otherwise. S > here is your paper, John, and remember what is written on it for the future. And. now. it is your turn. Rose. About Han del?” “Handel," replied Rose, like a girl repeating her lesson by heart, “was the great oratorio-writer. Ho was a mighty msatcr of sacred music—ho is among musi cians what Milton is among poets,” “Well answered, and well expressed,” said her aunt. “And now it remains for me myself to answer about Bach. Bach was famous for his fugues. wSo now we have de scribed them all frbm Bach down to Schu bert—Bach, Handel, Haydn, Mozart, Schubert. And Schubert, Dot, again, was famous for his —?" “Songs," chirped Dot, once more clapping her hands with delight, at being able to give her answer over again. “Now I must tell you of a great musician called Mendelssohn/" said Aunt Annie, who comes next in order. He was a Gorman, but camo a great deal to England. Ho was a great favorite with j the Queen, and her husband, the Prince I Consort. Ho wrote two noble oratorios, St. Paul and Elijah, and a beautiful collec tion of pieces for tho pianoforte,-some of which Ethel practises sometimes—do you not, Ethel?" “Yes, Aunt,” said Ethel, “tho songs without words.” “Beautiful things they are,” said Aunt Annie. “And other works besides were written by Mendelssohn, all of them full of melodv and lovelv music. Next after Mendeh sohn, I must speak of Schumann, who wrote many pianoforte pieces, and other music. Perhaps if you were to join Men delssohn and Schubert together, and throw in a dash of sometliing else, that would give you Schumann. Do you see \' “Oh, yes, Aunt,” cried the children, “what a funny way to put it!” Now I must speak about operas. A great German opera writer wa t Weber, who was very fond of wild subjects about ghosts and spectres, and so on, Another great German opera writer was Spohr. But the Italians and French take the palm in this branch. I will give you a list of names, which you must try and remember as being great writers of operas, Cherubini, Spontini, Rossini, Bellini, Donizetti, Meyerbeer—” “When yon began I thought they were all going to be ‘eeny V ” said John. “Well, you may call them the four ‘eeny’s/ if il helps you to remember them,” replied his aunt. “Meyerbeer was a German, though lie lived chiefly in France. Guonod was a Frenchman. His great work was —V “The Opera of Faust,” tho children cried ; “wo know that,” “Quito right,” said their aunt “And then there is Verdi, the Ita lian, who, I think, is alivo yet. The last fifty years have been 'remarkable for the great advance in piano playing, and two or three great pianists are responsible for promoting this advance in pianoforte mu sic, Chopin was the first of these, and lived at Paris. He wrote beautiful noc turnes amongst other things, but his mu sic is very difficult. Liszt, who was the greatest pianist of modern times, was the next. His music is still more difficult than Chopin's. And, thirdly, there is Ruben stem, whose playing attracted more atten tion than his waitings have ever done. Lastly. I must conclude with tho Ger man opera-waiter, Wagner, who has writ ‘ ton a number of operas, or, as he calls them, music dramas,, which have been much admired in Germany and elsewhere.” And so Aunt Annie came to the end or the History of Music, which her little nieces and nephew's had enjoyed very much, and which I hope you have liked, too. If you are fond of music, you might ask your auntie or your sister to question you upon what you have read, like Aunt Annie did, to see how mud) you can re member. I hope you will try and remem ber a great deal. 