THE HEIKB3S OF FAKNELEIGH. ? ' CHAPTER II. Mj»3. Baldwin Reviews the Past. Fabseieioh- If this should meet the eye of « w- .laughter of Kichard Fnrneleu;h, let her K.mVnioate with Robert Evartson, of No.-, N w York. Her aunt wishes to makt restitution in her for past years of neglect. The Piiper dropped from Mrs. Baldwin'* hand, her lips moved .wiftly, though not uttering a ?? Whv mamma, what's the matter .' You look though you'd seen a ghost, and as if the sight nf it were t'cing to kill you.' The speaker hud entered from the small dark l,ea -room where Madjje's nights of deep, fatigued ^TliiTwas Mivrciu, only daughter of Mrs. Bald «vin and the darling of her heart. She whs dis tinctW different from Madge in coloring, but her male blonde beauty impressed one at first eight. It was only after acquaintance and a thouptht fill stuJy of her face that the sinister lines around the mouth were noted, and the secretiveuess and discontent in the liRht blue eyes. As Marcia Baldwin stood m the grey light of tho Btwmv October moruing, yawning lazily, and lookin' w'ith amused eyes at her mother's face, it was easy to see that two things ou!y could ever see her heart- satisfied ambition an*d unbounded love of hersolf. ' Why don't yon pour out my coffee, you lazy mother,' she said with a pout. ' And do tell me ?what hm- turned you eo white. Com-, confess now. Hhs that little firebrand, Mademoiselle Madpe, been giving herself airs again ? Ha* some one been dunning you for your debts ? It's too early for the landlord's agent to come threatening, bo I can't make out what it can possibly be.' ' Oh, you take our debts very lightly, ao you do everything, Marcia,' came brokenly from Mrs. Baldwin's lips ; 'but I think I have news that will startle even ycu out of your languid iudiffer ' Have you ?' asked Marcift, as Bhe swung back the long braid of yellow hair she had been tw lazy to comb. '.Well, if it's good news, let ?? Good news ? It's fiendish— it's enough to drive me distracted to think that I've to stand by and see that girl— oh, its monstrous — see her walk on the ? lilies and velvet of life,' while we— but I can't talk of it 1' ' Are you going mad, mother ? What are you driving at ?' came imperiously from Marcia's lips, 88 she paused, the coffee-pot poised iu her uplifted haud. ' Read that !' The words came bitterly from Mrs. Baldwin's lips, as she pointed to the advertisement in staring, black letters at the head of the newspaper column. Marcia picked it up. read it, raiBed her brows, and shook her head in a puzzled way. 'It's all Greek to me,' she said half indiffer B«tlv ' You'll have to furnish the key to this riddle of yours* mamma, if you expect ma to understand it ;' and she continued pouring out her cofieo ' Who is Madge Farneleigb, atid ?whut have we to do with her?' Mrs. Baldwin pushed back the strands of grey hair and leaned forward, her once handsome face alight with excitement.,^. ,,.....-„-.,.. „.,».. , ' I had forgotten. I thought . you knew,' 3he began ' Listen, Marcia, for the first time to the story of Madge Fatneleigh's life. Fifteen years ago I was a young and wealthy widow, and I numbered amongst my friends some of the best people in Ntw York. I was an artist, as you know, too. One winter night I had been at a dinner party in the suburbs, and in coming home the most terrific snowstorm for years whirled over ] the city. My horses struggled bravely along the almost impassable roads, when something suddenly mads them shy, and the next thing I kuew the carriage was upturned, the door flung open, and I ?wan thrown into a snow bank, while the now thoroughly frightened animals plunged on, the j coachmuu holding on to the reins, never dreaming j o! my fate. I shudder when I think of it.' Marcia tapped her foot impatiently. ' You'll tell me presently what all this has to do with the advertisement, I hope,' she said wearily. I 'Yes, I'll tell you, Maroia, and when I do, I I think it will rouse you out of your indifferent I tautly. I ' A.s I lay in that snowdrift, 1 thought death I was upon me. I saw no. escape, and the thought I of you, my baby, whom I might never see again I almost drove me mad — frantic. I had strength I remaining for one despairing cry, and to my joy j I I henrd a voice* answer me. I saw a man force I I his way towards me, and I was lifted half-fainting I from the snow. He carried me to the road, and, I I taking a flask from his pocket, made me swallow I some brandy, which revived me. The light from a I street lamp* showed me his face, and, to my sur ? IiriHA. T Imour kim Ha was A. VOUIliF mail whOHl I had known sinoe his boyhood, and wa renewed our friendship. I had met him in the art clause* I had attended before. He was young Richard irarneleigh.' ' Ah, at last we're coming to it 1' said Marcia. 'Goon, my dear.' ' He recognised me, too, and, telling me not to be afraid, he flew to the fearest livery stable, re turning with a oab, Though I was nearly sense l«ss, he managed to find out my address, and, getting in drove with me to my home I bad a pretty cozy house in the vicinity of Madison -square, and as we entered it that awful, snowy night I shall never forget how enticing it looked, with its drown curtains aud shaded lamps. 1 flow to your little room, my darling, and cried over you and kissed you. When my clothes were changed, I ?eiit for Mr. Farneleigh to come to my oouuoir w- «Rnk him for having saved toy life. He looked haunted, careworn, unhappy, and 1 wondered 1 remembered it at the time, for I had always be lieved that be was success! ut and noh ' beyond the «eanw of avarice ' I was very gratsful and «e?8ed him to tell me if there was anything I could do to repay him for his kindness aud bravery, «nd, if so, to command me. He looked at we in - iwly, thought for a frw miuutes, and then im pnWwIy geized my band. . . ' You cau, Mrs. Baldwin,' he said, raiher huskily. « I Havpd y(tm ijfc,. y0U oan now save me «om dcBpair. Don*tf question ms-uot a word, wait unia to.morroWi Md you shall know.' 'Hecametb.. next d«,y. but not alone. He ftrooght with him a little -rirl, two years oM, his «tUe daughter, Madge. Ah, you look surprised, arcia. I thought I'd rouse you before I'd finish d.' ' Go on— aro on— the words came in whispers from the girl's set lips.. ' ' Mrs. Baldwin,' he said, ' this is my little rtnuahter. Will yc u take her, bring her up as your own? Don't question me. I cannot tell you more than this. I will send money for her maiu ienauce, but I am going far away, and in my journeyings could not give her the proper care. You are a mother yourself. Take iny little Madge, and some day perhaps I may com- and claim her.' . . . . ' Heuaveme a Iarse. sum of money, jnssea tjio child passionately, and, after a short intsrriew regarding details, departed. Reverses came a faw years after this child's advent, Irod by degrees I became so poor, that we were reduced to living on the Farneleigh remittances from France. They continued until Madge was about twelve, and then I suddenly stopped. 1 found myself miserably poor, with a stranger's child on my hands. That is the story of the child that has been brought up with you.' Marcia's eyes narrowed aud she laid her finger on the advertisement. 'Then she in Madge Fameleigb— the girl this oallsfor.' ' Yes. Her rich auut wants her to see her lawyer, Evarson, whoso only client.' are million aires. She wi|l have money lavished on her, and be aeCKea OUl in exquisite muiuea, «u uum«. e. I her carriage, a French maid, -ind all the rest of it. Is this to happen to this chit whom I hate ? But Marcia was silent, only her eyes showing the depth of feeling roused to life in her heart. What wouldn't she Rive to stand tnat moraine in Madge's place ! Luxury ! How ehe loved it ! How she had pined for it almost all her life 1 But she would never kaow it— never. Black rooms or shabby boarding houses and turned dresses must be her portion, while the girl whose beauty had always dimmed her own. who made friends everywhere, Iwould soon have everything the most captious belle might envy. ? She turned! her now palim xaee 10 ner uio»u«, roused indeed from her mocking indifference. ' Well, what are you going to do about it ? she asked, suddenly. ' She has not seen the advertise ment. She knows nothing about it yet. ' . , ' What ? Then you haven't shown it to n.r / You have't told her she was sought for as an |be»TJasirtsoanxiousto let her know her good fortune, I assure you,' snappeo iars. »»»'«? . » She doesn't know— she doesn't know, saw Marcia, in a strange, musing voice. ?? Mrs. Baldwin's face grew hard, and she beckoned Marcia nearer. . .. ?' I'm tempted never to let her know, she said. '? Even if she «aw the advertisement she wouIJn t realize it meant her. Ob, my darling, Ioftnt8' her step above you in this way ! II J™10.^.'* mv heart. Even though she would help us by her Zd fortune, still I Wouldn't, bear her to .queer ,,t over some beautiful old mansion No, I'd rather Z in raw than have that good fortune come o her Bho has never liked u«. and only thw morn - ,,.« I bsd to ll-hw to an outburst from her that made n,e (ingle to box her ears, as I have so often ^KSSSfio^ ??? hhft a ring of Grange unique d*.ign, teJri with » chain about her neck, and marked ( inside with his initials.' said her mother. For reply, Marcia laughed almost gaily. Her light blue eyes shone like steel points. ' Listen to me,' she said, when her laughter ceased and she had faced her mother. ' All my life I have known that I had it in me to be cour ageous in a battle with fate- to tako big chances, to hesitate at nothing to accomplish my purpose. But heretofore existence has been like a dull stagnant stream, without anything to break the dfaury monotony. -*-u ucv **' m **'—? rs-'* '--^i j I see opportunities before me which make ray brain reel You are right,' she said, bending over and whispering intensely into her mother's err « Madge shall n«ver know of this good fortune — . .- yes— yes. But how are you gomjr to benefit by that?' asked Mrs. Bald win » She snail never dance and laugh and loll m velvet, ease in a teautitui, aiawiv i'«i». ««—'»? I shall !' she said, in a determined whisper. 'You, Maicia? How can you ? You are ''No mother, I'm not mad. I shall be Madgo Farneleigh in name. I shall go in her stead. Now do you understand?' CHAPTER IV. The Claimant. There was almost stupefaction in Mrs. Baldwin's eves after those determined words, uttered so coolly bv her daughter, and she brushed aw-»y a strand of grey hair with a nervous gesture, while £ ^ fascinated and half-shrinking gaze never wavered from Marcia's face. . 'What do you mean, marcia c umiu, »..»» are you talking about?' she managed to say, querulo-sly, the paper containing the advertise ment clutched tightly in her hand. * . ' Don't be afraid, mamma,' said Marcia, only the quiver in her voice betraying her pent-up agitation. ' I'm uot going mad, though you look as if you think so. I mean every word I say, and | * .,'»♦ «__ ? - *.« *A1r«t Hfu^ira'fl -nlfl.f»A ? Why* ' ° Ma'rcia's cheeks were pale and her tbin lips were set in a crimson line. She seized the pRper from hnr mcthera grasp, smoothed it out atid read again the advertisement, which had come like a bomb into their lives on this dark October morning. When she spoke her tones were full of concentrated feeling. ' I'm Koing down to this lawyer, and you re going with me. You're going to tell him the Story OI SU»V w mm. »»?(,? .v — -- ?-— j ? 7. ... by means of the letters and odd rrojr my ^My ni Madge Parnoleigh U going to be established. If you refuse, do you know what I'll do ? I'll kiH myaelf Yes— since I must speak plainly to nrouBe you to action, you may know the truth. I m sick of this existence— sick of it. I wont to live— to live ; I want my birthright, which is to be happy, and I'll have it.' Maroia flung herself on her knees beside the bed and burnt into nysienoai iw»; ,,..,. ,,, 'Don't cry, Maroia, darling— don t-don 1 1 sobbed her mother. Oh. I can't bear to hear you take on thin way 1 Don't, my darling. I beg* 1 11 destroy this paper, and Madge will never see the advertisement. She'll never benefit by it. I promise you. But this other mad idea of yours— give it up, dear. It cannot be. We wouldn't When Marcia lifted her head, the look in her eye« frightened her mother , ' Is that yoar final answer?' Bhe asked lioaraely; ' For if it is I'll do something drtspera^e ; I'll end it all. As well now a* any other timu.' ' Mrs. Baldwin seized her hands, her eyes ' Oh, you drive m» frantic !' she said, her voice 'fo&Mhl; *\rai*ed; . .'{Jpo y«* Tealiae; .«rh*fc«0&.- 'plot would mean if we were discovered? ' Wo shall never b« discovered— never ! Who {US! 8 there to prove that the baby girl brought to you IllSIl ftftepu year* ngo was uot I ? No ono 1 hichard Mil Farneleiuh ia no doubt dead, urd even if he were iflaSi not, he'd n-?ver know the diffeivnoe. Naturitly a t mill girl of sevfnteen cannot be expenird to renienibsr H^BI fifteen years- back, ho I'm all ticliv on that score. rtfUl It's a ft?w years younger than I am, but I 3on't $$£& look my twenty years. Don t you see there's no '^^ffl poHsibk; 4anirer ? Can't you see it, or is it that SHUi yon won't?' -^l^H ' Yes, Mircia ; yes— yes. Oh, wait n mxra^nt ! * J8ffl Let iuo think ; rivb me time ;'' and Mrs Baldwin v- ^H foil back among the pillows. ^ ||S Murciu stood lonkiug down at her mother. She * WtSt did not look at ell pivtty in hi-.r coiled caslnners ^^H wrapper, her faco cluy- white, a little, conti-inptu. mM ou» smile nt tlu uurm-rs of her thin lips. r IBi ' She's weakening— she'll do it, as 1 knew she '^illl would from the first,' she said, inwardly. fflffl before Mrs. Baldwin's mind flitted a sories of illjjg pictures. Sh«i saw her darling, th.- idol of her ShI heart, surrounded by every luxury, hor bonury in a S#fl fitting frame at last. By degress th-i horror she T»i had first felt lessened. j j, 'I'll do it,' she said at last: nnd whor. the ]V words wore ouoe uttered the hardest nart sceniad ' v ? over. [ *i I j Marcia flung herselt upon her mother's nook, i ? , -Li and kissed her eager y. i 'Get up uow, mmnma,' she said impetuously. . ,J ' \Vl- have a lot to tio before we beard this grizzled i k lawyer in his den. We must jret out some of my * j. 'h d'?nr father's letters, and darling papa's old 1 * H unique rin^. them dre^s oursolve« in onr best, look I ^.j our best, fool the clour-eyed Evartson, and rake in f i ^.A all the Fm-neleiirh plum3. Come on. Oh, I shall i\\* -,''( go mud with exciuunent until we net there 1'' I**1 n '? Bring me the little dt'sk from thr; comer under ( | y |] the mautelpi-sce, Maicia,' suid her mother. Jf 'fVlJI The girl did so, and Mrs. Baldwin, taking a key - ^ * from under her pillow, opened it. Two letters of | 4, L*s those received from Pui is troni poor Dick Fame* lip f leigh were taken out, and the ring fastened on its *,{ ^ gold chain. Marcia road the letters eagerly, and Hte ^''5 held up the trinket. t1^ * 4t ' The chain of evidence is perfect. We have jj I * nothing, absolutely nothing, to fear. Come, let 1(4'' I us lose no time now in carrying the thing out,' 'kf - I and she swept from the room | | It did not matter that before hf-r mind Madge's 1 j 1 face arose just then, and the memory of how she J t j,*| nursed her through a serious illness the winter *'t fl before. It -lid not make her waver in her plan to $ *b* ~1 rob her of her birthright, and sho crushed back all | | Jm thought but the profit to herself. * * it | S Carried away by her daughter's indomitable #11 will, imbued with a false courage, Mrs. Baldwin I M] fought back her scruples, though shf trembled „ |1 J when she henrd Marcia's high, clear voice v ^1? singiug. yt M ' Sometimes I think she has no heart,' »he 1 ?!€ murmured. ' Sometimes she doesn't aouin human « ?I$ to me.' ,; CM Half an houi- later Marcia ar^d Mrs. Baldwin -'lfrS| got into a Broadway cur going down town, and as f pMJ they entered every eye wan- turned on the tall, t%8& blonde beauty. Iu the excitement her cheeks had * N|B become softly flushed, her eyes tonk on a depth -, it'H they usually lacked, and the coils of her pale * ''IIP golden hair had the effect of au aureole round her ** ifflj face. p K They reached the tall, whito building where Mr. ' ;{ ^^ Robert Evartsou had his law offices. As they f ; : js entered and made their way towards the lift, '; J' Murcia whispered to hor mother : i ' '\ ' The cruciul moment has come. Do you *',, ^| realise itP- ? lEverythiug depends ou you, mother, !l *( aud all you want to do is to keep your nerve. £ n* : Is Above all things, remember not to call me Marcia. M^i? My name is Madge. Do take that scared look off '8 H your face. Sue, I'm as calm as a sumuiur sea. I M j wish you had half my nerve.' '1 4 i The big gilt lift leaped upward', and presoutly ^ M *'?* they were standing before the lawyer's oflioo door. ^^«^i Marcia knocked firmly. ft /lS*« The clerk who admitted them gazed in ndmira» 1HI j tion at her delicate beauty, as he brought forward -^t§i^ two leather- covered chairs. ^^r ' ' My business is with Mr. Evartson,' said Mrs. *jf , Baldwin, commanding h°r voice at last. ' Is he ?* % 4 iu?' kJ| ' Yes, madam. Kindly lot me have your name. *£%! And may I also ask your business, as Mr. Evait- jS| son is very much ououpied.' ^tUN I Mrs. Baldwin had a few yellowed cards in her r-l|lP I possession, a relic of days when she had a visitingx Jffiral list. Assuming a grand air, she scrawled on one 'Sissl iu pencil : , JSHj ' Mrs. Baldwin wishes to see Mr Eviirtsou in WJW reference to the advertisement in this morning's '£%!* paper. '' 'TtVJtiK Mother and daughter exchanged glances after -y m the clerk left (hem alone. Marcia leaned over J? iM aud whispered hurriedly : «s- rm ' Keep your nerve, the hardest part is cowing; '?$ iM but it will be all right— never fear.' **f '^M ' Mr. Evartson will see you in his private f Jj™ office,' said the clerk, ushering them towards a £t |d| closed door at the end of the room. '&. 1| As they entered an o:d roan with ulnirp eyes |« g* under bushy brows, (uruod from his desk «n.l rose jg| W& to meet them. M m ' Mrs. Baldwin ?' he said ; and hu eyes swept jh ?M over her and the girl accompanying ber in a ^^S glance of comprehensive scrutiny, as he motioned l®l%ffl them to be seated. SM 'lam Mrs. Bali win.' said that lady, softly; OTKl ' and this is my adopted daughter. Miss Madge lEiL] PanieWgii.- ^P 