Bullet Proof. (13V Rkv. P. B. Powku, M.A.) / Why is the Bible like Corporal Laurie of the Seaforth Highlanders? Do you give up? Well I don't wonder if you do, so I may as well tell you-at once, and not waste time in listening .to all sorts of guesses, every one of which will be sure to be wide of the mark. Corporal i.auric of the Sealorth Highlanders wiote a letter to his sister describing the battle of Atbara, recently fought in the Soudan, which letter was published in the Scotchman newspaper. The Corporal writes:—"I suppose you have seen me reported as slightly wounded, and pictured me as an in interesting invalid. Well, I was struck, but the eft'eet was so small that I have often, been much .vorse" hurt. in a football match. Hut during the rest of the day, and for some days after wards, I have been an object of interest •and have been questioned by almost every officer and man in. the battalion, referred to as the 1 bullet proof man,' and asked if I would mind letting a section fire a few rounds at me to see if they could do me any harm. The fact is that I got most of the corners of my clothing shot off, while I was personally uniiiiured. • "'Before I entered the zareba . I was not Struck, but .shortly afterwards a bullet took the toe. off my left, shoe without hitting'my foot—the shoe be ing a size too big, - .for? easy marching and sleeping" at night.- Their my bayonet, was struck, and bent over at a right angle. Then a shot went through my sleeve, near my left .wrist, tearing: two holes, but not hurting myself. Then my rifle was struck while I was loading, the bullet splintering the butt, and being stopped by an iron, bolt: which it met. This bullet would have, certainly gone right through my body but for my rifle being there. Then a i*iggerJiv,;a trench let drive at me with "a spear, missed my ribs _by an inch, and split up my haversack. A bullet then grazed the back of my hand, just enough to make it bleecj. !:■ "When ! reached the river .bank, which was nearly perpendicular, a shot came from the bottom, about" twenty, feet below, and a little to • the left, which caused the wound I am sup posed to have got, and it was so curious, that I was,paraded before the General. It entered through the lid of my right ammunition pquch, which was open, went into my right coat pocket, smash ing a penknife and two "pencils, tore four holes in my shirt, made a, surface, wound two or three inches?long on my : left breast, and came out near -my left . shoulder, through my coat and' ammu nition pouch braces. In Jhe afternoon; I strolled over to the field hospital, and got a piece of diessing on,' and it has! never troubled me at all—in fact, ,it: was a farce to put it in as a wound, and was done without my knowledge by the: colour-sergeant." There is the story of Corpoial | . Laurie ; and now I shall tell - you - why the Bible is like that very remarkable i man. Alter the corporal was' shot at% by all these lifles, ,and poked at no doubt by innumerable spears, he is . still alive and well; and such hitting as he got . has done him-'very -little : harm. No end of blacks did,their.hest,-( some aiming point-blank at him, some taking a chance, and some a pot shot • at him ; but the corporal is alright:-;.the ■ scratch that he got, he himself'thought : of no consequcnce Nor was it :dt: was, as he himself said, but a surface wound ; and I hope and trust the- cor poral may live for many a long day^'.v-' And now the reason that -the;■'Bible; is like Corporal J ,aurie is that .it -too has been (and indeed still is) in battle,' i and amidst enemies very much like the corporal, it has been struck here and there ; but m spite of all it 4s alive ian'di . well, and doing its duty still, :as' no doubt the gallant corporal is doing his. . - ■ Yes, the Bible has ,been campaign-, ing for many a long day ; it has been on all sorts of service; it has «■' faced7 every sort of enemy ; it has been shot at from far and near; it-has met with many bold assailants, who -have , fired off argument after argument against .it, t and lots of cowardly and ignorant i enemies have peppered it from behind | the hedges.with small shot; but hei;c it is amongst us, wonderfully living and: in good health, and going about its daily work, just as if nothing h'adj happened to it at all. And if; any one doubts this, let him go to the British , and Foreign Bible Society, and ask:i them for a little information as to the doings of. the Bible all the world'l over. The good old Book is still able to convince the infidel,.Still able to com fort the sad, still able to lift up those' who are on a' low level, still . able to restrain unrighteousness to open hearts, and to. change lives. . No scratch which it may receive injures its vitality"; it pays no heed to such while the battle is raging. On it goes, and on it will go, until its last victory over the last soul shall be won; and the Bible shall be wanted no more. As to the enemies of the Bible, those who are shooting or prodding at it from all directions—let us inquire for a mo ment who they are. No doubt "their name is legion, for they are many," but we shall have room to glance at . Cine or two of them in particular, Some take a shot at it because they say " they don't know who has written it/' There was a certain gentleman, a very cultivated and scientific man, who said to his friend when talking of ..tilt Bible, "Why you know it is abso .lutely absurd in these days to accept ■any book of which' the author is 1111 known. It is a mere tract. Until we have settled the ''authorship we cannot expect anyone who has any intellectual self-respect to accept it as nuthora tive." Now this objector was something of a mathematician and nn nslrnnomer sn his friend asked him if lie had ever come across a little publication called the "Multiplication Table." In a mo ment he confessed his ignorance as to its author, "It is a work of great an ihorily in mathematics?" "Certainly." " Then," saiil his friend, " as-you don't know who wrote it, I suppose you never use it"—and he might -have added, " I suppose you don't believe it." " Ah, we!!," lie said, " we know that' the multiplication table is sound and aulhoralive mathematically, be cause it works well." "Then," said his friend to him, ".leaving aside all these hair splitting questions of criti cism, -let us say that the Bible is of authority, whether or not we know the human authors, because it works well. Tt not only works well as a whole, but it works with a sure and certain scien tific accurancy in the department to which it belongs, as the multiplication table works in the department to which that remarkable work belongs." There was a.shot at the Bible from ignorance which a man confessed ; but how many shots-are fired at it from ignorancewhich men do not know ' Numbers of people who abuse the Bible>have. never read, it at all, and numbers:more have merely looked into it, and many .who have- looked into it have never tned^to understand it. " I have; been trying to believe for these ten years," said,a sceptic, "but there is^a; contradiction: -I - cannot . get over, and it is jhis. 'Wc ate told ^that printing \vas invented not'ffiVevhundred yeais ago, and yet that the Bible -.is thiee thousand )eais old ; and I can not for the life of me sec how this can be"." All the shots lliat we read of as be inpr fned against the wondeiful Coi poral l^aurie'were: so:aimed:becausr; the negroes ^considered him., an 'enemy. The coipoial was white, and they-weie black ; the coiporal was going to put a Mop to their bad ..doings, and they wanted ;toskeei)^on":\vithHhem;>ithecor:,i poialwas haung'a shot at them, and they would have a shot" at him. And there is no doubt that one Rea son why so many aie. enemies to the Btble, and keep peppumgtaway at it with then'small shot, 01 Hying, to, bowl it ovei with then--'heavy guns, is that they feel that the' Bible is their enemy the enemy to their bad selves. They wish it wasn't' tiue: and then—' the wish" is father to the thought'—they tiy to believe-that it is not true. And just as; some.people-whistle: to,keep.up.itheii; couiage when they aie going through a chuichyaid at night, especially"if it is a ^churchyard Avhere:there.;is;saidi;to,.bc a, ghost, so they make a gieat noise, and drown their thoughts with their tongues. "But; as I say, these enemies of the Bible ktipw that it is against them— against the evil that is in ttiem"—their evil selves. An unbeliever confessed, " There is one thing that-mais'all the pleasuie of. my life."' "Indeed," said his friend, "What"is that?" 'He an ' swered, " I am afraid the Bible is true If.'I could know that death was an eternal sleep, I"should be happy, my joy would-be: complete, -But :,:heie. - is the thorn that stings me ; this is the sword that pierces my . very soul. If the Bible is true, I am lost." 