THE NOVELIST. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) The Portrait. BY KATHARINE TYNAN, Author of "The Handsome Brandons," etc. The order of the day was "free quarters;" a fáith, I, an English gentleman and soldier, lil the thing as little as General Abercromby h self; but the orders were there from Dublin Ca< and it is not for a soldier to choose when ord are to be obeyed. I had billeted my men among the cottages al a few words to them which I had no doubt honest fellows would cbey, for I was proud of detachment, and there was an excellent und standing between us. "Remember," said I, haranguing them in dark, half a mile from the lights of the villa "remember that you are Englishmen and El lish soldiers, and. neither yeomen nor mercei ries; remember that you have the honor of flag In your keeping; remember that you h¡ mothers and wives, sisters and sweethearts your own. Respect the hospitality of this i fortunate people as it, deserves." "Never fear, Captain," . my men called i cheerfully, "they'll be safe enough for us;" c feeling that they would not disgrace me nor i flag, I rode leisurely before them into the villi of Lovellstown. The billeting took some time, and there v much ado to reassure 'the frightened people, indeed the excesses in many parts of the coun had made the soldier a menace and a bye-wo ' But at last it was done, and Terence O'Hagi my orderly, who was an English-born Irlshmi and I, set out for Lovellstown House, where c billet was to be. I knew nothing of my unwilling hosts, and I rode along I was wondering within myself h I should disarm their reluctance to receive me, : I am an easygoing fellow, ánd cannot abide . black look in a general way,. especially if it on a woman's face for me. "Terence," I said, halting for him to coi alongside. "Have you learnt anything of o new hosts, and what we must expect?" "I have, your Honor," said Terence, and indo I had.known Ï could trust.him to gossip and jo himself into the people's confidence even in t short time we; had stayed-; " "tis an old lady an' young lady is all that's left of them at home." "H'm,": said I. ; "I had rather we had men meet." "Why so, your Honor?" said my fellow; "f the worst they can do is screech a bit at first; a they soon find out their screeches are for nothii an' give over. Besides word has gone, bsfore i that we're not so black, as we're, painted..D your Honor see the little bit of a blue-eyed gi that peeped at us out of the inn-parlor an' tht scurried like a rabbit?" "I had no eyes for her," I answered, "n thoughts being much engaged." "Well, then, your Honor, I found her out afte Avards among the maids in the kitchen, an' fiien ly she proved when she learnt that the soldier coat was nought to be scared at. She was 01 of the maids from the house, on outpost duty, take it, for afterwards I looked for her high ar low. nor found her." "She will prepare your welcome, O'Hagan," said, "but who will prepare me mine?" "Why, your Honor's face," said he; the fello had the pleasant impudence which belongs to h countrymen in fortunate times. "Your Honor face, that no woman would doubt to be honest." We were now in the long dark avenue of tree that led to Lovellstown House, and after we ha cantered-a little way, I espied the lights of th house through the evergreens of a shrubbery, an noticed that it was a great square house with a'. most every window alight, which had a very bri] liant effect in the b'a^k p'fht. At the doorstep I lit down, and gave my hort to O'Hagan. The double doors were fluns; wid open, as l mounted the steps, and an old mar servant stood on the threshold. He relieved m pf my cloak as ceremoniously as if I had come t a ball, and then led the way up a fine staircase" o stone, with rails of mahogany, to a door whic he ooened. "Captain Ryder," he announced as he ushere me within, and then left me at the extreme end c a long chamber, feeling as unhappy as ever I fe] in my life. . The room -was lit with many candles, and b the fire at the end-sat two ladies, whom I coul not doubt to be my hostesses. The elder sat In her chair knitting; the younge as I came forward ceased sweeping the strings o a harpsichord and looked at me. Both were ver; pale; but they bore themselves with spirit, arii rising, bowed to me very courteously, but coldly. As for me, I lost whatever readiness I possess for I may as well, confess that the beauty of -th. younger lady struck me dumb. Hers were no com mon looks. Her: face of clear oval; her lärgi eyes of violet; the close bands of her black hal suited well with her more than woman's height. Both ladies were very tall, and to each belonge. an imperious air, which; as I stood there in th* centre of the saloon, seemed to me to forsake tht young lady as she observed my deference and fe] perhaps with fine sympathy that I wished myseli well out of the situation: . . Not so the elder. "Slr," said she, "you are as welcome to Lovells town as any gentleman could be under the circum stances." "Ah, Madam," I replied, "I am not answerable for being here." "Make'no apologies, sir," she said, with her eyes flashing. "You are a conqueror in a conquered country." "Say, rather,'- said I, "ara flung on your hos pitality in a hostile country." "We do not deny you hospitality," she said. "Have you supped?" ' "I have been In the saddle many hours,'' I re* plied. "But I need not trouble you. A hunch of bread and a cup of wine will satisfy me. I can sleep anywhere, and would be sorry tovintrudc upon you any longer." I saw the younger lady look towards her moth er, as though she pleaded for me, but. the other, though she had not observed her, grew suddenly soft. "Why, you are in a hostile country," she said, "and we need not make your bread bitter to ye Forgive me, sir; much trouble has made me soi but you shall not find us lacking in hospitality "Nor myself in gratitude, Madam," I said. The hour was now late, and after I had supp very AV oil in tho dining-room, to which the c butler conducted mc, I went to my apartmer and slept well and long, which I had not look« to do, seeing the first acrimony of my receptio Yet I could not but feel that I had made a got impression, and that my hostess had repented her first resentment towards me. Indeed the next morning Avhen I sat with the at breakfast, the chill of the night before was i gone, and though the younger lady said litti the elder lady talked of war and tilings at hon and abroad in a manner which spoke of wide cu tiyaticn and much travel. "My husband, Sir Timothy," was a phrase si repeated often, and I gathered that iii the li mented gentleman's life time they had travclh and gone to court, and had spent much time : Dublin in its days of brilliancy. Only once in an unguarded moment did si seem to reproach me. . "How. little did we think," she said mouri fully, in a pause after she had been speaking i a Retunda rout-"how little did we think th¡ this black cloud was approaching us, and that tl day should come' Avhen I should be almost prisoner in my own house, and loyalty that hs never known eclipse should go in shadow." A deep sigh from the younger lady echoed h< words. . - Impulsively I rose freni my seat, and ha amazed at myself for the wildness cf my actioi I unbuckled the sword that hung at my side ar presented it to her by the hilt. "As f r being a prisoner, Madam," I said, ". is now I who am your prisoner." - . She took the sword an instant with a gracioi coquetry which momentarily recalled to the fae of the handsome dowager the triumphant beaut of a younger day, and then restored it to mi 'saying: . "At least we have the most chivalrous of jai' ' crs." ?;. . - ' ' I' rode out Avith Terence, that morning to ir spect my men, feeling that my path had indee been smoothed for , me. I could hardly believ that the reluctance of the night before had mad way for a desire to Stay where I was, in this in glori-us picketing duty. But,, indeed, sine quietness like the present was enly t > be exchang ed for active deeds which I considered un worth cf a srldier, I might well be content; and ye 'twas nothing but the beauty of Miss Lovell ths bound me to stay where I was, if but I might. I had knewn that the family, though of leys blood, was somewhat tainted with disloyalty, els we had nzt been there, yet seeing that connsctio with even so illustrious a rebel as Lord EdAvar Fitzgerald had brr ught outrage to loyal member of,his noble family, I was not minded to believ my hostesses very dangerous Jacobins. Still I was not disinclined to listen to O'Hagan' talk as Ave rode to the village, since my interés in my present situation had groAvn so great. No that he had been as successful as usual in hi search for neAVS, which Avas indeed a habit o his and no Avay prompted by malice. "'Tis mad they all are about the old Madar and the young," said he, "and if we were ill-dis posed, 'twould be an uncomfortable billet en tirely. And mumchahce it is of their concerns. Ye so much have I learned, that the old Madam i loyal but the young wears the green with tb orange; and as for thé young master in foreigi lands, he is Jacobin out and out, and more thai suspected of treason." "Ah! Avell,"- said I, "'tis nought to us. W< are not concerned happily AVith the opinions o Avomen, and we are neither spies nor police. 'Ti! not so long," said I to myself,, "that Ave ar», ceased to be rebels," for I could not but remem ber that my grandfather, good gentleman, hac died at Culloden. - , "'Tis a pretty bit of rebelly flesh, that sam« little baggage, Kitty CareAV," said Master Ter ence, with a sly glance at me. "Be careful of your love-making," said I.-"Foi this is a hostile country, and they have cause to distrust us." "Never fear, your Honor," said Terence, grin ning, "I was only thinking I might make a loyal woman of her. She would be a fine prize to take home to Yorkshire to my old grandmother who's as stark a rebel as any of them." I found my men quite at home in the cottages. Indeed, as we rode in by the first cabin I espied Zachary Budgen, a simple fellow who had joined from the plough, engaged in Avashing a baby's face. Others were sitting in the sun, polishing their accoutrements, or smoking their pipes peace fully, and altogether anything further removed from a village in time of war it would be hard to imaginer Indeed, the coming of the soldiers to Lovells town seemed but to have produced a pleasant stir of life; and the good behavior of my men where many of their fellows would hâve ravaged and . pillaged, but confirmed my belief that the discip line of the troops depended on their officers, and that when you found the men ripe for excesses their commanders were not far behind. We Avere in a quiet corner of the Avorld, and as -,our orders were to stay Avhere Ave were till the word came to march, we were like enough, to be forgot for a little time, so that I was glad to find all so peaceful with my men, and returned to Loyellstown House in a very cheerful frame of mind. And. after that the days Avent strangely, seeing bur situation. I had nought to do but keep my men in trim, and we seemed little like to have any fighting, for the rebellion was broken up, and Ave had not heard of a green coat within many miles of Lovellstown. Therefore, my life was the life of any carpet soldier. Of evenings I held Madam's wools for her while she made them into balls, or I turned ._? over Miss Lovell's music Avhile she played. Again there were days when the young lady would go sketching in the woods or on the hills and I Avould accompany her lest ill befall. Or she would play the Lady Bountiful in the village,-or among the outlying hamlets, and I carried her basket. Or I would execute Madam's commis sions here and there; so that gradually my posi tion in the house became that of a favored guest, and I could not but feel, remembering the shadow . that had seemed to lie on all the first evening, that my coming had brought AVith it something of ? life and happiness. A little while it seemed since I had. come and yet I had given all my heart to Diana Lovell. The words of avowal trembled on my lips. I could scarcely doubt she loved me, and I was steopcd in an idle happiness like the pause that is on the woods before the birds begin to sing. And yet, and yet, I had found her at times watching mc covertly with something of mystery in her air that for tho moment disturbed my dreams of happiness, but the next moment her fearless eyes, and the courage and candor of her speech, ban ished my doubts, and I was a happy lover again. Now one night a strange thing happened. In the gallery was a portrait of Lady Diana Lovell, whom my sweetheart was held to resemble in more than name, and lt had been her whim to dress up to the part. That evening she had worn a gown of quilted satin with panniers and a stiff bodice, in which she looked adorable. So mazed was I Indeed by her beauty that I could not sleep, and had risen from my bed, and, sitting by the window in the moonlight, I had made rhymes to her like any sick boy. . Suddenly I was conscious of a swish-swish of silken skirts along the corridor. I sprang to my feet alert, and listened, then stole to the door and opened it. It was now long past midnight, and the house slept; but some distance down the corridor I saw Diana-Diana or her ancestress-cross a bar of moonlight, and disappear into the darkness be yond. The figure glided with an odd ghostly motion; and a strange idea came to me. It was the gait of a sleep walker. What if my love walked in her sleep, and her innocent feet stumbled on dangel as theirs do who have the sleep-walking habit? Noiselessly I put off my shoes, and followed her. But, quick as I had been, the ghost or sleeper had beeen quicker still, for ere'I was'well on her track, she 'had turned the corridor, and I heard the door of the picture gallery swing behind her. : ."'Tis no ghost," muttered I, "or it had passed through the .wood," and the thought made me hurry faster, for the picture gallery had deep win dows opening on a low balcony above the river dangerous enough If one should lean too far; but no other exit save the door which I had heard shut. I opened the door eagerly, and advanced Into the moonlight. A light overhead admitted of ID shadows, but the place was stark and empty. Every window was closed and barred. I stood gazing round me in amazement. Then a trick of the brain deceived me,' for I could have sworn I heard a light swish-swish in th« direction of the Lady Diana's portrait. "Ah, Madam," said I, whimsically speaking it aloud, "you shake out your,petticoats!" And yet though the whimsy came to .me, I was sorely disturbed. There were no further happenings that night. The next day I was in the woods with Diana. I had not indeed contemplated speaking then; but a trifle, the turn of her head and throat as she followed a swallow's flight, robbed me of self-con trol. In a moment I was at her feet, and pour ing out avowals of love. She heard me as no other woman would, for instead of yielding herself to my embraces, «he took my face between her hands, and, regarding me very tenderly, she bade me wait till the trou bles were over, and the country at peace. ."But you love me, Diana?" I cried. "You must come again and ask me," she return ed, " 'Twould be of ill omen to pledgé at such a time." And no more than this could I get from her, and willy nilly, was obliged to be content. Moreover, in the feeling of the moment, I had forgotten to tell her of the vision of last night. But now another thing came to puzzle me, for she who had been so well content that I should stay seemed now almost anxious that I should go. There was talk indeed of my regiment being recalled to England since the unhappy coun try was now quiet; and though one minute her face saddened at Ithe prospect of our parting, tihe ne ;t she could not help but betray an eagerness that I should go, cr at least could hot help betraying it to me, who had the fear and the jea ously of a lover not yet secure of his mistress. The thing, when 'twas brought home to me, ke^it rae awake at nights. Again one night I heard 'bhe trailing 'skirt in the corridor. Again I followed. Quietly as I weat some hinlt of pursuit must have reached the lady; for she fled before me noiseless as a frightened ''. bird: , 7. ' ' I 'turned the corridor in time to see the vanish ing of her gown within the picture gallery. As I entered, hard oh her 'track, a faint click reached my ears. The place again was emply, but ' the picture of the Lady Diana yet trembled like tapestry in a wind. . I began to have an inkling of the mystery. The picture concealed a private door, and was to be moved with a spring. And now to find .the spring. Suffice it to say, ait last I found it concealed with in a rose-bud which trailed negligently upon the frame.. The picture slid back into a hollow space, and a dark opening stood before me. I entered, with a distracted fear I knew nojt what. A little stair wound up and up. I followed it, conscious that it led to a murmur of voices not far away. The stair ended at a door, as I judged by the line of light below it. I had my hand upon the handle; I turned it; I was within, before these in the room were aware of my coming. It was a little place, and narrow, unlit except by a couple of. candles. The roof was steep, and the blackness of a little window looked down up on us like an eye. There was a small bed, and upon it was flung a soldier's'cloak. . 1 caught the glitter of a sword beside it. There was a. deal table, and a stool or two; that was all the fur ; nishing. '7.7 "?'.....'' '7 7': Ï I do not know how I saw.all this, for I would , have said my brain had enly room for one pic ; ture, and that to stay for ever. ,". In the middle of the room, stood a tall, soldierly young man, who had sprung to his feet-'at my . entry, and now faced me. Beside' him stcod Diana, with an arm flung about his neck,, gazing at me like Medusa. I do not know h"w long we stood so, without a word. The passion was rising in me like ,a .flood; but. I could, see that-the face, so tender-to me before, had changed from its first terror to an expression of scorn, almost of hatred. "Is it thus," she said at last, and her words stung like hail, "is it thus you repay hospital- 1 .ity?" f "Madam," said I, "this is my business, oise I < | had not been here." I "Your business, sir," she repeated bitterly, but * I I did not ¡heed her. I drew instead my sword from . I my scabbard. I At the sight of it sho screamed suddenly, ami I flung herself upon the man's breast. I stopp, d, J confounded at the degree of turpitude she suspec- | ted in me, for I had never thought to kill an un- j armed man, though it must be my blood or h ¡H. J "Put the lady aside, sir," I sa'd, "and take your ! sword. Whatever advantage the light gives you J can have it. One of us must kill the other, but in | fair combat, and I doublt nett that she who is ,-u f adroit in disposing of two living lovers will know | how to dispese of one dead." 3 The man who had not spoken, gazed at me w th ' j his jaw dropped, unlike the ready fellow he had **\ seemed at my first impression cf him. But Diana f | suddenly turned and cried at me sharply: f j "Do not strike Piers, do not strike! This gen- ?>1 tleman is no lover." ^\ "Why," cried I, stupefied, "I find you in his ic] arms;" , ty "To protect a brother's breast from a lover's . blade," she cried, running Ito me, and pushing ]T'j away my sword, that she might find a refuge in \;. my arms. -, *. "*''.* * And all this trouble of her brother's h'ding, \ the heroic child had borne alone," hot'distrusting me, but lest my love for her, and my duty to my country, should be pitted against each other. "But I-why,"; .1 said. "I am a soldier and no police captain, nor my men a search party. And the seemor I am done with service here the batter am I pleased, so long as I take my love with me. And as for you, sir, the sooner you aro home from foreign pants the better. Since you ¡; have been there through the late troubles, 'tis easier to bring you ¿rafe, and I think I have friends enough in high places to do that if you and I were brothers-in-law." Soon afterwards ¡there was great joy at Lovells town, because the young master had come home, arriving late alt night, riding a ¡tired horse, and ?wearing clothes of foreign cut. It was rumored that he had spent the troubled times at the famous Universtiy of Bonn, but I never could find myself tliEit he had derived much wisdom from his doc tors 'there. ^ I carried my bride over Ito Yorkshire after a de cent interval, and presently gave up my sword for ?Che life of a country gentleman which, as things were, better suited me. But my orderly, Terence O'Hagan, would not be parted from me, and having procured his discharge j; because of an old shot- wound in (the calf, i has been ever since my body servant. His wife, once Kitity *. Carew, is my wife's woman, and though they i should both be by this time loyal English women, I fear they keep each other Irish, and rebels at i .heart._ } 