A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AT AUBURN. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBOUR HOOD. Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in' visitants from another flperc, yet with tho majority of folk the belief dies hard. Miss Marner, of “Lamington," Victoria road, Auburn, Victoria, has inoro than ouco seen something resembling a ghost—when, for instance, the looked in her mirror, so debilated, was she by many months’ illness. She says :— * 1 commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill aftor returning home from school. 1 did net feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed. but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took mo to see a dootur, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclinatiou to do so, thera was- m>- fear of my disobeying this order, and.-1 toojc tho * quinine tonic ’ given mo, with regularity. Then I com menced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest.’ ' We tried everything to induco sleep,' interposed Mr Marner, 1 but without effect j theQ I consulted a well-kuown Collins Street practitioner. Ho said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would aUo retell on rising in the morning ; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere yhost.* ‘ This time last year,’ said Miss Alice, * I i weighed 7st. 31bs., uow I am 93t. Tibs.1 I ' A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial ?’ 1 No ; all the medicine I gnfc did mo very little good. Actually, Dr. Williams’ Piuk Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just beforo tho Jubilee holidays, .father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pilfs at Mr. Plcasnnce’s, Chapel Btreet, Prahrau ; they did me eo much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discon tinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish.’ 1 And you would recommend them ? * ! 1 Ves ; and that strongly, too,’ said Mr. ! Marner, ‘ had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved I ine a hundreds pounds.’ There are many readers who may bo I fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady did. Dr. Williams’ I Piuk Pills will cure amomia, weak heart, i sleeplessness, scrofula, consumption, chronic eryaibelas, debility, indigestion, liver and | kidney diseases, and chest and lung trouble?, pale and sallow complexions, paralysis, locomotor ataxia, neuralgia, St. Vitus' dance, and nervous headache, and all nervous disorders. They are aold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr. Williams* Medicine Company, c/o Itocke, Tomsitt & Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen and threepence, but are genuine only with the full name (seven words), Dr. Williams’ Pink .Pills for I Pale People, on each box. Thousands have I testified to their curativo powers. 