ABOUT SOLDIERS WIVES. The wife of ftn American coiilur—when lie happens to be married— has u comparatively Iwppy time of il. liut it is ditiercnt else where and the condition is ut its worst in Kugland. No one need to be told that the scarlet jacket of the JJritish soldier is the greatest incentive to matrimony known to the civi lised world of women. Indeed, there is con siderable grumbliug, not to bay indignation, on thin score in some quarter*. It is pretty generally kneyvn that the fiol* dier has u siiHi'cpliblc heart beating behind hid tunic, but wlio stops to inquire how the admirable Atkin*, with his shilling a day, is enabled to keep a wife and children ? Colonel iaildea, the Chairman of the Eng lish Soldiers' and Sailors' Families Associa tion, in an interview said ;— " You arc quite right in saying that Eng* liph soldiers are a marrying community, but don't ask me how they manage to keep their wives. There arc thousands of ineu and women trying to live on the soldier's allow* ance of a shilling a day, and I don't suppose 1 am fur wrong in saying that at leaat a third of them are half starved. The women en deavour to augment the family income by ; doing a little washing, and that sort of tiling ; but, at its best, it is only very casual1 employment. I " Now, the aim of our Society is to afford I temporary relief to the families of soldiers ! and sailors, and 1 cau assure you they stand in need of a great deal of relief. Our chief considerations are not to pauperise and not tu encourage matrimony, it is niadnens for a private soldier who liai nothing but his pay oomitig la to Qiarry. * " But tirst let me explain what marriage in the English army mean*. Only si* per cent, of the men in cacli regiment arc per milted to inarrv, and then only if they pos-1 ecus the requisite qualifications. For ex Ample ttiey must have served for a period of not less than seven years, and they must have at least £5 id the savings bauk. "They liave, in fact, to be trustworthy men who have earned two good conduct badges. The wives have theirquartcrs in tnc barracks and go abroad and return with their hus bands at the Government's expense. " Contrary to an impression that exists outside the Service, however, if the remain ing 91 per cent, marry, as many of them do, without the consent of the authorities, they commit oo military crime. " They caunot be punished, but no accom modation ie provided in ban-acks for their wives, who enjoy none of the privileges that are allotted to the wives of the other*. To speak plainly, they have to struggle on upon . the soldier's pittance and whatever else tmey ?ao make. You can imagine what a sorry plight these women are in when I tell you that it is quite common for a soldier's wife to have from tive to eight children. " Dut this isn't by any means all with which they have to contend. When a regi-. ment moves, say, from Portsmouth to Edin burgh, or to India, every one of these women | is left behind, while their more fortunate Bisters accompany their husbands. „ I , " They are left with no provision wliat^! ever from the Government, and I need not remark that very few of them have the fnoney to follow their huabauds. What we • do,-therefore, in addition to assisting those . Sn tfcknesB and making temporary giants, is . to send them after their husbands where we I can. i M Does the gallant Tommy, then, desert his spouse? " that soiue soldiers when go -1 ing on foreign service desert their wives until, (hey rcturu. That ik to say, they leave , them to take their chance, A soldier who is . married but not by regimental allowance can, by the Army regulation, be subjected to a ! Stoppage of threepence a day—a nice large tIk, . sum isn't it—forthe aupport of his wife and '* family while he is away, but he cao only be ■ ' put under this stoppage on the application V. of the wife herself or by voluntarily sub» V knitting to it." \- * tl It^eeeniB ob if Mr. Atkins ought to be v |%^Uc^rj>aid.fIoVvdu you fare in trying to dis suafie a soldier wliose manly heurt is burst* : ,iog with love from embarking on the treach ftous sea of matrimonyT " Wo try to dissuade the girl—not the man,*'Colonel Gildea replied, smiling.*'The ** majority of girls haven't the ghost of an ^ ^ fdea wbata soldier's life is like. They are if'". ' fascinated with the red coat and don't give a thought to the future. '* Affairs art) very different in the Eng ,: lish Navy,*' tlie colonel added i 41 No man is j , supposed to iparry in the, Hoyal Navy. I Strangely enough, the authorities don't recog-; nwe the wife of a sailor. when the sailor is living, but if he dies on duty or is killed she , _ _ is awanlpd a pension. Now with respect to tidier the wife only gets a pension if he i succumbs in war. Should he die in barracks \- through sickness or by accident she is left to ; V- iniftior herself* *' Sailors' wives are in a muoh better I -y.,, position when they are feparated from their | 'husbands than the wiveBof soldiers, inasmuch V .iu on a ship being commissioned for foreign «serviae there is an unwritten law among fs IsaOonithat oyeryman shall make an allot Ij^SriaQt^of something like half his pay in favour oj his wife or any relatives dependent upon *7 film; and although the Admiralty don't . recognise these people, they undertake to ^f$i|t}al!pB.the stoppage and to hand over the | sums to the payees as soon a* they become ^ . &Ve.; A Bailor who neglected to conform 4 -tfrUkis praiseworthy principle would have a * bad lime of it with his mates." 