LITERARY NOTES. Messrs. Methuen will publish in the course of a few days the fifth volume of the “His tory of Egypt,” which they are issuing under the general editorship of Professor Minders Pol no. Tho volume is written by Mr. J. 6. M\l«o, and deals with Egypt under Roman rule: ’ A correspondent of tlio Bally Nows points out that Lawn Bank, John street, Hamp stead, >a detached house, in the garden of which Keats wrote his “Odo to tlie Night ingale,” is in danger from what William Morris called the insidious “spreading of dideous tdwn.” If, then, human goodness is the more merciful, in proportion as it approaches nearer to perfection, might wc not conclude that when goodness becomes absolutely perfect, just then will mercy reach its climax and become absolutely unlimited ?—From University Sermons, by Principal Caird. Dr, John Forbes, Emeritus Professor of Hebrew at Aberdeen (says the “Athe naeum”), has died at tho great ago of 97. Ho was appointed to his professorship in' 1870\. In 1829 he visited Weimar, and had an interview with Goethe. There can be very few living who have seen Goethe in the flesh. Mr. Eudyard Kipling is fast obtaining the success in Franco that ho has Avon in Eng land, “ Tho Light that Failed ” was hailed on its. first appearance *• by appreciative French critics as a work displaying great talent, though it is only now that a transla tion of it is being got out. Sir. Kipling's growing popularity in France may be partly duo to tho fact that though his treatment is his .own, his literary ideals arc more or less akin to those of hisjatest admirers. Nowa days, no review is complete that does not contain a translation, of one of his stories Messrs, William Blackwood nand Sons an nounce a new and important scries of literary j monographs—-biographical and critical similar in plan to their successful “ Ancient, Foreign, and Philosophical Classics for English Readers.” The following volumes are in preparation for early publication: Tennyson, by Andrew Lang ; Browning, by Augustine Birrcll; Dickens, by W. E. Henley ; Ruskin, by Mrs. Mcyneii; George Eliot, by .Sidney Lee ; Matthew Arnold, by George Sainsbmy ; Provide, by John Oliver Hobbes; Stevenson, by L, Cope Cornford ; Thackeray, by Charles Whibley ; Huxley, by Edward Clodd. The title of .the series is “ Modem English Writers,” and other volumes will be announced in duo course. “ I know no more distressing thing (writes Mary Kingsloj' in West African Studies, published by Macmillan) tlian to sec an African convert brought face to face with that awful tiling wo are used to, the problem of an Omnipotent God and a suffering world. This docs nob worry tho African convert until it hits him personally in grief and misery. When it docs, and ho turns and calls upon the God ho has been taught will listen, pity, and answer, his use of what the scoffers nl tho converted African call 'catch phrases,’ is horribly' heart-rendering to me ; for I know how real, terribly real, the whole thing is to him, and I therefore see the temptation to return to those old gods—gods from whom ho never expected pity, presided over bv a :rod that docs nob care,” Apropos of the vexed question of the re lationship of authors and publishers, Mr. Herbert Spencer tells, in " Literature,” how Ho manages. “ I do my own business with winters and paper- makers and binders. The "rioters keep my slock, and are accountable to me for every copy. When more copies of iiy work arc wanted for sale, tho publishers intimate the fact to me, and I send a requi sition to the printers to furnish a hundred more copies to the binder, who hands them to the publishers. Tho advertising, loo, is directed by mo, alike in respect of the numbers of advertisements, the times at which they shall be issued, and tho periodi cals to which thev shall go. So thalmy publishers are simply agents for distribu tion, receiving a commission for their work. As to the trouble entailed on me, I have not found it worth mentioning, -when com pared with the benefits gained.” The February Pearson's mentions bow mine of tho literary men and women of the lay amuse themselves. Dr, Conan Doyle plays cricket, Miss Sarah Grand bicycles, Mr. Frankfort Moore rows, Mr. Andrew bang fishes, Mr. Zangwill rules, Mr. Max Pemberton hunts. Literature r.dds that* Hr. Norman Gale corned a bat last summer by making the highest average in a Midland Cricket Club, Mr. Morley Roberts can give a knight to most amateurs at chess, Mr. Rudolph Lehmann was a well-known Cam bridge oar before be wrote tor Punch; Mr. Leslie Stephen has made many first ascents in the Alps, Mr. C. S. Calvcrloy was a high jumper of more than average merit, and Hr. Herbert Spencer, is fairly proficient at billiards. But Herbert Spencer only tolerates reasonable proficiency in the game. When a young man. on a visit to him ran aftny with tho game, he said :—“A certain address in games of skill is an indication of a well-balanced mind. But proficiency such as you have just displayed is strong presumptive evidence of a mis-sp-ut youth." —Australasian. In Mr. Do Burgh’s "Elizabeth, Empress of Austria: A Memoir,” wo have many bright graphic anecdotes, illustrating the character of tho late Empress. Like her husband’s great aunt, Mario An toinette, Queen of France, tho Empress refused to comply with the strict rules of etiquette. Some of tho women of the bed-chamber who wore on duty at (lint j Lime remember to this day what sensations j the young Empress created because she would insist on wearing her boots a month longer, instead of stretching a new pair (Acry clay for those who thought limt they had a right, to them ; for according to the ancient customs of tho Court the Empress could wear a pair of boots hut once. These said donuiro creatures of tho then most buckram Court of Europe wove positively shocked at the indifference to all estab lished rules which the young sovereign dis played. At the first State dinner, con trary to all custom, she took off her gloves. An elderly court lady remarked quietly upon it to tho young Empress. “Why not?” she asked. “Because it is a de viation from tho rules,” was the answer. "Then let the deviation henceforth bo tho rnlOj” was the retort; and not that de viation only, but many more, henceforth became tho ride, because tho new Empress was not on ordinary princess—she was clever and accomplished in tho h‘ghost degree and her will was law ; sho knew her position. Tho report has- gono tho rounds that. Mr. Hall Caine was writing a new story, to he called “The Drunkard.” In a note, sent by request to tho Illustrated London Nows, he writes; —“After all that has been said about my story under this title, and about mv proposed methods of publishing it, it may bo a shock to you ■ to hear that no such story, no such object, no such title and no such methods of publishing have ever for ope instant had any place in my plans. You will ask mo why I have nob contradicted a report which lias gone so for? For the Homo reason that I have not contradicted a hundred other reports concerning my doiiigs or supposed doings—■ because it is impossible to rectify every error, and if you correct one out of many, you seem by implication to authenticate the rest. Moreover, my experience has been that it is worse than useless to contradict an erroneous statement. If a lie is spicy enough, it will go for, and no denial in tho world will overtake it. Four or five years ago somebody bold tho public that I thought ‘ml women inferior ip men.’ This wise word being nearly the opposite in my belief, I contradicted tho report, hut tho contradic tion was never hoard of by anybody and the lie went on poisoning for mo that part of tlio public which I -desired bovoud any other. TsVo ago somebody else said that by authorising nn ‘interview,’ some days before the publication of my lost book, I was attempting to advertise my own work. This being the exact reverse of what I had really done,'I asked tho interviewer to ex plain that I had expressly forbidden the' publication of the interview until five days after th6 publication of the book, bub no body took any heed of the explanation, and the first statement went on and on. A month ago some irreverent humorist an nounced that I had likened my face to the face of Christ, and, though tho jest was loo foolish and too blasphemous for notice, I was foolish enough to notice if, bub no one regards my denial and tho Ho still lives opd flourishes.” ' 