TOWN TALK. Our Melbourne letter, together ?with other matters of interest, will be found on the first page. Our Melbourne correspondent tolegraphed last evening that DrFraser, the victim of the St. Tvilda ghosting case, was then in a very critical condition, and that Sir J. Hancock, M.L.A. for Footscray, wag also in a bad state. The case of the latter was regarded as hopeless. Invitations to u banquet to celebrate his installation as mayor of the town on Novem ber 9th, have been issued by Aid Carr, tho mayor-elect, to a large number of citizens and representative men. Shipping business yesterday was somewhat quiet, and the prospect of a brisk trade dur ing the week is not particularly bright, as tha ODly intercolonial boat to call here for produce is the Age (Messrs W. Howard Smith and Sons), which is expected to arrive on Thursday. On the same day the Blue Anchor line steamer "Wurrnambool is due to load frozen meat for London and produce for South Africa- The loading of the barque Stjorn is well advanced, and the barque Acacia has almost finished discharging her cargo of timber at the Yarra-street pier. Now that killing and freezing operations are in full swing at the freezing -works, con stant supplies of lambs and sheep are coming forward. Hardly a day passes without con signments from the surrounding districts passing through the railway station. Large panel photographs of several mem bers of the Town Council are on view in Mr W. H. Watts' studio, Ryrie-street, having been taken for inclusion in a group which is to be presented to the conncil by the Hon. S. Austin, M.L.C., on his retirement from the mayoral chair. The. insect pest has been so rampant in various plaoes in the colony that more than passing interest was attaohed yesterday hy many peeple to the presence of swarms of moths along the beach reserves. The insects moved about in thick clouds, and tho signifi cance of their " visit here was not made apparent, as they appeared to fly about at random. In connection with the Town Council elections, Thursday, 2nd November, and Monday, Gth November, have been fixed as nomination and polling day respectively. All nominations must be lodged with tho town clerk before 4 p.m. on "Wednesday, 1st November. The Hospital Sunday collections have been supplemented to the extent of £10 los, con tributed by the J?ree Presbyterians of Gee long and Drysdale, the proportion of the latter beinf? £3 8s. - The Congregational return haB been increased to £7 14s 9d by tho inclusion of 7s 6dfrom the Sunday school children, and -£2 from the North Geelong Church and Sunday school. The stewards of the Geelong Racins: Club decided last evening to arrange with the Eailway department for the running of a special train to Melbourne next Saturday on the occasion of the Moonee Valley Cup Meet ing, and on each of the four days of the V.R.C. spring carnival. The trains will leave Geelong at 10.30 a.m., and return from Melbourne at 11.30 p.m.-; holiday excursion fares will be charged, and tickets will be available for a month. Next Saturday the embarkation of the Victorian contingent by the Medic takes place, and doubtless the train to be run that day by the club will be 1 largely patronised by those desirous of I witnessing- the departure of the troops. j The entertainment for the bnnefit of Mrs ? Ba^on, mother of the young footballer, George Eason, who was accidentally killed on the football field abont seven weeks ago, ia to take place in the Mechanics' Institute this evening, and the programme ar ranged is of a Tarried and attractive character. The beet local amateur talent is assisting, and Mies Alice Madden and Miss Cora Leon, Melbourne, are also to contribute to the evening's enjoyment. The prices of admission are 2s and Is. The deplorable state in which Barw^n ward is placed through lack of funds excited' the commiseration of tho Finance committee - last evening, and it was agreed to recommend the council to provide a loan of a thousand pounds for expenditure in the ward. .rive drunks were presented at the police court yesterday morning. Three of them were arrested on Saturday night and two on Sunday. The latter were fined 10a each, and one of the Saturday drunks was mulcted in a penalty of five shillings, the others being discharged. Messrs Smyth and H. Sar geant, J s.P., were on the bench. TAn1°IdTresid?nt of SheOakg, ne'arSteiglitz, Jeremiah Poster, died on the 20tli *37 without having been attended by a vears°nf """i T!le deceased who was 82 years of age, hud been in failing-' health for me time and at an inquiry held before Mr \- ' a verdict of death irom paralysis was returned. In connection with the outbreak of small the steamor Afrie, Constables O'ilara and Evans were yesterday ordered to Point -"epean to take up quarantine dutv. semjfnfF Pftiaf,,a &rge; at'endance at the send-off to the Victorian contingent for Sonth Africa on Saturday next, the police department are ordering several members of the force to Melbourne for special duty. Superintendent Walsbe has been notified ttat six mounted men from this district will be required for the day. twh6 £'aaTer,Me4ic was to have called in at Portland after leaving Melbourne for ten thou sand carcases of frozen meat, but, since this nortnAw^ S°T lI,ght deIay to the trans^ port of the troops to South Africa, the Govern ment has decided to bear the expense of con veying the meat to Melbourne by rail for ^rpn, -by VhC ¥|dl,:- « is expected tta't rt the meat.1T SpeClal trainB to conver \- ^r?anT CogilJ's musical comedy companv i? i-S1!6 ? performance in the Mechanic? Institute about the middle of next month The success in Tasmania, where it is tourino- -if and^A Gaie^S'?1 "Iu Town " Port Ihm^Bay Teve^1C prevented the contractor for the raisingSI ft? ! sunken steamer Excelsior successfully execut- I ing his difficult work. For the last 21 davs I full gangs of men, with ste«m and aII other ! complete appliances, have be«i continuouslv in attendance at the Williamstown pier to take advantage of the slightest lull in the heaw weather which has beeu experienced, but so far the sea has been too roueh for the attend an t barges to make fast to the wreck Attn gether. the owners of the Excelsfer haVe ^n-" tracted to pay some £3000 for tho raisin* ofthe vessel, but it is evident that the delay earned by the untoward weather will materially inter- I fere with the profit the contractor expected to make out 01 the transaction. peered to _^.I1,'uflu<!ntial meeting of the Jlfldura Bafl Sht l P8 -T85 teId a* MUd,lra on Saturday Eight, when it was resolved to convene a con Ml«ef Ct° OI P^'eagues ;md municipal coun cils interested in the Mildura railway to con sider what steps should be taken to Secure the authonsafaon of the line during this Son of Parliament. The conference will meet in Mel ^Wednesday, Member Sth, and the l urue wl11 be asked to allow the meeting to take place in the Town Hall Councillor Skimier (president of the shirei' Commissioner B, S. Hoops (chairman of the rogation trust), and Mr I C.De Garis wera De^H, " efatGS t0 '-ho conference, and Mr \- 0 j?. so anpomted to attend a meet ffljEof the executive of the Western DfeWrf October fmT* LeagU° at'BaUarat on Friday, "When the Eailway Commissioner accom panied by tie Chief Traffic Mana- er and slff a: Gf -long last Thursday ^ re^est wS made that the morning train from Melbourne to Geeloog should leave at seven o'clock instead of 6.S0, as at present. It was S that delays constantly took place at Lavertfn thn?rfj,a train had to be waited for, and that there were no compensating advantages to make up for the mconvcmenco lelrinl at so.early a" hour as 6.30. Ill Fitzpatack promised to look into the mattlT and having done so i» now inclined b? alTere'd ^ ToVa'k * "rt ^"Sement cannot wss'&sf; +1.^ despatch of some importance as affecting receivecT'bv'ttlB0^'^^ K°ii1" veSEe,B has heeS. received by the Customs department Witt, %?fZ?ere 13-?°Provfeion in the Jffiffi5 ttSFown1erTaof%L'lk PliprHBSss guarantee that the marking in eveiv case will £affiMhont 1uestion, it wiK tte^Ls^remS1117'01 °m,°r3 to haT In consequence of the outbreak of war in fSSSStsSSFSs SpSlt-I .^= ttfsiis's^ofg.' issr'i \- tlle present money orders for T*a: figSo? toloSSb^ or^my'of While recognising that Victarfi h-,- " in t,le movements of the §§PS?iii§ Of SLPladl,g.a,10rderfor WO tonl S,fTaverner at once replied bv cable This evening in the Army Barracks the Maori Glee Party, twenty-five strong, will give an entertainment.. They are expected to arrive by hoat to-day. As entertainers they are highly spoken of, and their singing is out of the ordinary. They proceed from Geelong to Ben digo. The enterprise of the officers in getting such a crowd down deserves encouragement^ Mr H. F. Bichardson draws attention to his sale of live stock on Thursday nest, including I some special entries. 1 Mr W. P. Carr will conduct sales as follows, | viz., Saturday, 28th inst., at 2.30 o'clock, : cottage and land. Little Eyrie-street, near , Yarra-street; and Wednesday, November 1st, ! at 2 30, residence on land having 108ft frontage to Bouudary-road, by a depth of 193ft. In each instance the sale will be held on tho pro perty. Messrs A. J. Young and Co. will sell large quantity of furniture, linoleum, kitchen uten sils and sundries, in the rooms, at 2 o'clock to-day ; and to- morrow, at 3 o'clock, cottage, on the premises, Pakington-street, Geelong West. ? Mr Neil Campbell will sell on Thursday next I at 2.20 o'clock* on the premises, adjoiningCi St. ! Helens," North Geelong, 4-roomed cottage, I with stable and outbuild ings, under instructions I from Mr A. J". Ross. I 