mmsim if not rsate®. FOREBODING. I should be lonely without you, dear Why, even now, if you bo not here For tho shortest duy, there's a certain Incft Which docs not banish till you como back And if you were gone for ever, dear, . ' ' Tho ocking throat and tbo hot, swift tear, Wero a feoble ventrtrad a futile, duo To tho aching absence, dear, of you. / - /I shoald be so lonely without you, dear, ) Kiss mo again, so I know you'ro here. If I should'reach for tho old embrace, .And my arms should oloso on a formlcsf space, In the midst of the world and its hollow ohcor, In tlie gayest of . throng, I should thrill with fear — The fear of tho void which the world would be If you wero gono from earth and mc. I should be so locely without you, dcarf Though I still might heed tlio passing ycaiy Though I still.might toil from sun to sua, What would it be when the work was dono 1 You would not soo and you could not share, And whoi of the rest, would really care ? And if I were gone and 'twero you woro left, I know your breast wero as much bereft; And though God wore good and soraphs near, If I were away, while you were here, , I should be so lonely without you, dear. —J. Edmund V, Cooke, THEY USUALLY DO LEARN. . s " You and your wife didn't go away anyv whero this "summer ?" asked Anderson !of Stone. -j.. .. . v Not particularly," replied Stono cau tiously. ' " You didn't go last yonr, did you ?" "No, but I don't know whether I can work it another." "Why, havo you gotunyschome to circum- . vent it ? " If you have, for goodness sako let mo into it." "Well, it's this way. I have always- allowed my wifo so much cash for her own uso and tlie uso of tho house, and she has always spent it. Last year I told her I hadn't tho money to spend in a suinmor trip, unless sho. could, wwc a little on hcr allowance to help me out!" J- '." i ' , j " An<l she didn't do it, or you would havo gone, of courso 7 interrupted Anderson. " That's where you'ro off," continued tho wretched husband; "sho saved and saved, and reported to me every week, and I kept telling her wo would go when sho had a few tnoro dollars. Sho kept ahead in hor inno- cent simplicity, and, finally, when I con- cl uded we had enough to meet tho expanses it was too lato to go, and I was ahead just that much." ..... "Great head!" exclaimed Anderson. " You'll work it again thht way, of courso ?" " Don't know," sighed Stone, " she's a year older now, and a young wife learns an awful quantity about her husband in that time, if she wants to." «$ i A Cool Reception.— Mrs. Btizby: Was it verydiot bore when I was in the country '/ Mr. Buzby: Yea; but it scold enough now you're homo agaio, Maria. \- Bride (putting on travelling dress) : Did I look nervous at all during tlie ceremony, Koto ? Kate (bride's eldest Bister): A iittlo at first, but not otter Alfred liad said ' Yes.' " Q. " She takes after her father. She has got Iris hair," remarked the visitor. " No, tlio- baby doosn't," interrupted little Tommy. . " It's ma who took after pa and got-tho hair. Sho got a whole handful of it." The look the parents gate Tommy made the visitor's blood run ccld. 9> A Heartless Kctort. — Wifo : Haven't I , . suffered in a thousand ways since I married ' you ? Heartless HuBbaud: There is one way you haven't. Wife (indignantly) : In what way is that ? Heartless Husband: In silence. \- . ; «J . ... Slightly Improved Quarrs.— " How aro -you getting along?"' asked a widow of hor lato husband, vrho appeurcd to her at mid night asa ghost. Ghost: Very well, indeed — much better than during mytwenty years of married life on earth. Widow (delighted): Then you are in Heaven ? "Oh.no." Ho Let-Things Run.—" Sep here," said a fault-finding, iuisband to his wife, " wo must ; have things arranged in tliia house so that we shall knew just where everything is kept." " With all my heart," sho sweetly an swered, "and let ns begin with your Into, honrs, my love; I should dearly liko to know whore thoy aro kept." Ho let things run on as usual. Mr. Buckley: Going to leave, James! ' Why, what is your griovanco ? James. Hi can't pat up ivi' th' missus Irony longor, sir. 3Ir. Buckley:- But jest think, James, how long I've iput with licr. Junes: Yes, sir— quite true, sir. But— .hoggin' yer pardon, sir— if I might bo so bold, sir— it's my hopinion, sir, as how yon ain't exactly a free liagcnt, sir. " Don't you think I look killing ?" in quired Mrs. Biasfolds, ns sho cutured tho-1, room in a dow brick-dust- costume. Mrs. BiasfoldB is what ono might call do- cidedly plump; and when Biasfolds calmly, replied, " Yes, my dear, you look fat enough to kill, if that is what yon mean," it was not nimatnral that Mrs. B. should flounce out of -the apartment with a very flushed face and a iqnivering tongue. .p. A gentleman goes to an armourer's and asks for a revolver. "Hera's a real nice family weapon," says theolork. /' " Family jwoapon!" " Yes, family weapon; just tho thing for domestic tragedies; six-shooter, you see, hie — two bullets for your wife, two bullets for the-destroyerofyonrltappinoBS, two for your self. .All the go, sir. Sell hundreds of 'om for bridal presents, sir." (. Suspicion Aroused. — " It wasn't that!" exclaimed Mr. .Sunders, indignantly. " Yon see, I didn't say a word at all." " How'd she find out, then ?" asked ono oi . 'the party. - Why, I wont homo and Bhe naked if 11 was mo. X told her it was. Took tho chances on that, you know. Then sho asked me if I'd beon drinking. I told her no. And thore I stopped. Never said another word." " Bat yon Bay sho caught on somewhere. How was that ?" " Just a blandor I made. When I told lici - I hadn't drank anything, sho .wus salitllcil' but whqn T enmb to go to bod I put oo in; . overcoat instead of my uigjit-shiit. -Ajil thai . nxcUsfl suaiiMU, - - - : '< 