federal; finance. The real strength of the objections to the scheme for creating an Australian Common- wealtlT lies in the unsatisfactory financial clause, popularly known as " The Braddon Blot. That the Braddon clause is a defect no honest federalist will deny. On the other hand it is not at all clear that its effects- in practice will realise the -gloomy predictions of the anti-unionist. At any rate no finan cial authority up to date has proposed an alternative scheme which stands the ghost of "a' chance of acceptance. It is said, perhaps with truth, that the amalgamation of the railways and debts would smooth out the whole entanglement! But while each colony would be quite' willing to transfer the debt incubus, not one seems disposed tq, throAV its railways into the federal pool. If we desire union, therefore, Ave must accept the' Braddon scheme or devise something hotter. So far, there lias been- a signal lack of tho " some thing better," though seA'eral persons baA'e : tried their hands — and failed. At the Federal Coiwentiou of 1891 the financial difficulty Avas the chief lion.iii tho path. At the three" conventions liekl in Adelaide, Sydney, and Melbourne respectively the ablest politicians and financiers in Australia failed to find a satisfactory solution. Then came Sir EdAA'ard Braddon Avith his celebrated 87th "clause, Avhicli provides that of tho net roA-enuo raised from ; customs, and ..excise duties not more than one-fourth shall be applied to Gommon- aa'ealth purposes. For more than a year this clause has been the prolific source of contro- versy and invective. Foav ha\"c attempted to defend it; feAA'er still, hoAvever, haATe been prepared Avith a satisfactory alternatiArc. Mr. Reid aa'ent to the" late conference of Premiers in Melbourne pledged to secure its abolition. Other Premiers Avere prepared to assist ours, and each had" his oavii ideas as to Avliat should take the place of clause S7. After prolonged discussion the Premiers Avere able to recom mend nothing better than Avliat amounts to a limitation of the Braddon system to a period of ten years. Says the' official report of the' conference : " The Premiers consider that all the other proposals are open to more serious _ objections than those aa'hich have been raised against the clause as it appears in the bill." Therefore they have fallen hack on the clause —at least for ten years— as a dernier ressort. Noav thero is clearly a good deal of misappre hension as to the possible effect of this Brad don clause. Not a feAV people who Avould be offended if informed that, they don't under stand the subject loudly- interpret it to mean that, all reA'enue must be raised by indirect taxation,1 and that the tariff must be on a scale which Ay ill enable the poorest colony to derive sufficient from its share of the divisible three-fourths. At that rate, in order to suit Western Australia, a tariff of something 0a?er £10;000, 000 would bo- needed, but no tariff that could be deA'ised .'would realise this. In the same Avay Tasmania Avould want a tariff to produce about 419,000,000, Avhich is'equally impossible. But the fact is. that tho Federal Treasurer is'not bound by the Constitution to raise any- particular sum by indirect taxes. He Avill naturally faA'or the loAvest tariff com-" patiblo Avith Federal requirements, as no treasurer would caro to" be compelled to find a million Avhen ho oiily needs £250,000. - And if the' people have sense enough to. select honest representatives these gentlemen will . fight for the loAA'est possible scale of duties. If more is / needed by 'certain states than a moderate tariff would produce, . the proper remedy is for these States to mako up the deficiency by direct taxation. Already aa'0 hear from interested hdA'Ocates that this can not he done— that it is impossible ! But aa'hy impossible ? If Victoria .gives up intorpro- vincial' duties amounting to' a quarter of a million— every penny of Avhicli' is paid by Viotoriau consumers — Avhy should it be " impossible " to make up this, say by a tax on land values ? At present she levies "no tax on areas less than 640 acres, anjl riot garcn . then unless tho a'alue oxeeeds£'2500, so that the tax in the southern colony is a mere farce. Western Australia has at present neither land nor income tax. . Tasmania has only a land tax of id in the £. Queensland has neither land nor income tax. And yet we are ad dressed every day regarding the'impossihility of getting anything by direct taxation from each of tho other colonies, although in the saiRO breath it is admitted that the possibili ties from customs and exciso run into mil lions! The fact is that most people who talk in that Avay dread and detest all direot taxes, And just because of their aA'crsion to a direct tax they go on loudly proclaimirig its impossibility. - 