by, r THE NOVELIST. A "TROOPER'S" TALE OF I THE FIFTIES By W. W. As a " mona ted trooper of the earlier * digging dnjgr'I met with many str cage and tragical Esperence, and the one I am about to relate stands out distinctly in my memory, perhaps because the í wretched actor in it had been an old schoolmate of my own It was in '55, and I was stationed at the then flourishing though ephemeris diggings known as Kangaroo Flat It was a rowdy place while it lasted, but there were a few quiet and hard working men there, of course, one of these I had got pretty friendly with, he being about my own age and a shade in many ways of my tastes, and habits Then true of this young chap was Hardress Devon, and he lived alone in a tent on his own chum The chum was the very last on the lead, and as the r diggers preferred camping next at the stored and shanties, there was not another tent within a considerable distance <\- One evening; as he was coming morn 3 the store he dealt at, Devon called at the little police station I well remember his appeal ance on that occasion and every Word almost that he said for' it was the last time I ever saw the poor f,fello*kalive He was a well built and handsome young chap, but with a quiet . sadness, so to speak, in the curve of h 13 lips that long experience has since taught me to recognise as the issued expression of an early death No such thoughts were with me on that evening, however, as Benyon came in, and seating himself quietly on my form told me his news "My hard tunes are nearly over, Bray," he said, with a smile, " another week will take the heart out of my claim " "AndthenP" I questioned "And then I'll go back to my wife ' k he said softly < "your wife, man P I never knew you ? had one' " I never talk much about what is near my heart," he said " I left her in Melbourne six months ago, and now I shall go back, thank God, not with an empty pocket" - - " Is it true then, that you have been getting gold all this quiet time, Devons" "It is quite, true, though I did not know that anyone guessed it I have never said an ounce of the gold on the flat" r "I've heard some of the men say that '. you must be getting gold, or you would not have stuck to the claim so long;, and others have said your chum was asleep, and that you never had a shilling to spend" } rje laughed pleasantly " They were y 'ft Bray,"' I never had a shilling to bj---ulmthe shanties I kept my sail in foll for Jay dalling And I'll be glad As get back to civilised life, Biar, for Paris is telling W me unfavourably " " You don't feel well Devon ? " No I get strong heart palpitations is ed pains very often, but I know what it /d the pick and shovel work is too much ter nice' j, Well, I'm glad you will soon get rid of it at, Devon but I'll miss you, all the same," , six " Yes," he said wistfully, as he rose to a >, buttkeepinghis fine eyes for a mor- mention my face, we always miss T nothing in this world, Blay, and all Husband, I guess, Until we have passed we River " t Aug the, Devon?" 1 And then, all will be well Though, -"» we are allowed to remember earth and :- Tables there, I should never best if i y wife should not get the gold I have called for . As r Oh, she will getrit right enough, lad ' Lu n't be morbid I'm not', but I feel the uncertainty of life, Bray If I die you will see the te -she sets it, friend?" " I promise you, I will see that she doesn" ' t ' " I will tell you where it is One of the posts of my bunk-the head one at will fiftd^theígold in the hole I might" I 1 returned In "All right" I 1 returned laughingly, " see that I don t stick to it, if I get the chance ' s "I will see, I'm sure of it '' he cried, with a sudden and almost a fierce energy " If my man was to rob me when I was dead I should h sent that; man till death punished him'' " Well you won't haunt me, old man, for I shan't give you the chance ' ' "I'm not afraid of you There is my wife's address, Blay Should there be need, break it to her as gently as you can " / " "With the bit of paper on which he had with a pencil written (his wife's address in my hand, I stood for a moment and watched him walk quickly towards his tent There was nothing in his dealings to suggest the invalid, his step was light and firm, his whole air that of a man full of life and hope I remember to this day that I half envied Devon, his a fortune won, and before him the pleasure last sharing it with the wife he so dearly loved. On the next day duty took me to Castlemaine, and on my return I passed a #. swagman It was within a short distance of the Flat, and within view of Devon's tent Swagmen were plenty in those Swaysland I was riding past quickly, but I did notice that the man was young and looked very tired and shabby I noticed, too, that Devon's tent door was open, and wondered, for it was early in the afternoon and not an hour that he would be likely to leave his claim My tints for the following horn was occupied, in attending to my horse's ^ wants and. to my own There had been the promise of another man at the police station (or camp, as it was then called), but he had not arrived, and I had my own cooking to attend to My dinner was not eaten when I was summoned to the front by a knock , < I was not surprised to see standing at the door the s wagin an. I had passed, on the track It was no unusual thing for a man to stop and ask the way, 01 for a f match, but it was an unusual thing for anyone to state at me as this man was of doing * " What s the matter ? ' I asked shortly, "is there anything queer about me that you were in that way s I'm condering,' he 1 returned and, is it possible that you are Ned Bray, of iTiesham?' *" "That's my name, certainly, and I I was born at Evesham " ' v " Don't you know me 9 a 2 He took off his worn felt, and from out of a bush of whiskers and had looked me in the face There was something in ; the man's eyes I seemed to be familiar ', with, but! could t locate the owner of SKheni < ' { " I am Dave Parsons, your old school satin a? ' Good heavens, you are changed I said, 'it's only six years since I saw you, ladies you had not named yourself should never have recognised you " It is greatly a matter of dress, he said and I've been working pretty hat d for little lately But I had no idea whom I should find in a mounted man's nm form when I came to give some infor- mation to the police." "Information-?' \- ' Yes Just after you passed me a while ago, I decided to camp and boil the chilly I had the fire all ready wheal found that I had t a match that would "strike, so I went up to the tent by itself, where the door was open Yes,' I said, though my heart was beating hard with a strange fear. The lr man was speaking of Devon's tent ; what information was he going to give me P" " I called out, ''Are you in, mate ?' but there was no answer, so I went a little forward and looked in." ''For God sake go on," I urged. "What did you see ?" " I saw a man lying dead on the floor," was the prompt reply. " I went to try and lift him, but he's stiff, ; must have been dead a good while, I should say." " Come back with me," I said, as I got my cap and went towards Devon's tent. Until that moment I didn't know how fond I had been of the poor fellow. I felt as if I was going to see the corpse of a brother, and the swagman noticed my agitation. " Did you know him he asked. "Yes; intimately. He was in the camp talking to me about his affairs Last evening, on his way from the store." My companion looked at me sharply, I thought, but just then we reached the tent and I entered. It was too true ; there lay poor Devon by the side of his trunk, and from the position in which he lay I formed the opinion that, feeling his illness, he had attempted to secure or change the position of his plant." One hand was stretched stiffly towards the back post of the trunk of which he had spoken to me, and the soil around the past seemed to have been disturbed not very lately. While I had been satisfying myself that Devon was really dead, Dave Parsons had stood at the door, watching me. " Will you go down to the camp, and get us a hammer and nails you will find on a shelf in the back kitchen ?" I asked of Parsons. " I must make a thorough examination of the tent before I made it up and go to report the case. Parsons turned quickly to do as I had said, and I made use of the opportunity I had made to search for poor Devon's gold. I found the leg of the trunk loose as he had told me it was, and I easily pulled it up, but in the hole from which I had lifted it I found nothing. What could he have done with the gold so soon after, as it were, giving it into my charge ? It might have been that he had changed its position, and intended to notify me of the fact the next day. Still, that was very unlikely interface of his forebodings of sudden death. I had no doubt that my poor friend had died of heart disease, and the inquest on his remains held shortly after confirmed the fact. Dare Parsons had never borne the best of characters in his native place, but neither had he ever been accused of more than an inclination to a self- indulgence and laziness that led him' into undesir-. able company. There will always be a tie of some kind between old school- mates, especially when the wide sea rolls between ? them and the place of their birth. Argall events, seeing that Parsons was hard up, I asked him to stop at the camp with me for a few days, and, indeed, suggested that if he was supplied with a miner's right he could not do better than take up Hardress DeTon's claim. " There's only about a week's work in it," I said, ''the poor fellow told me so last night. But Devon got gold in this claim, and if you don't take it up some- one else will." t "He got gold in it, did he? What did he do with the gold ?" "That I do not know," I replied cautiously. "But it's the very strangest fact that the poor fellow spoke last night of being robbed when he was dead." I "What did he say?" "I can tell you his very words if any man was to rob me when I am dead I should hunt that man . till death punished him. Those were poor Devon's very word?." ' " " He must have been a fool." Parsons said, disrespectfully ; " who believes that I the dead have any power? When the breath is ancestor of a man he's done for." " The body is done for, I grant you ; but what do we know of the spirit or its power? That spirits have re-appeared to guard or warn, no man can doubt." " One man cm, at any rate," Parsons said doggedly, as he rose. "we got a miner's right and I'll go and take up the claim life you advise." The body having been removed to the only public on the flat to await the arrival of the coroner, I, in conjunction with another mounted man, who had been sent to help me, pulled down poor Devon's tent, and literally rooted up his floor and surroundings without discover- ing a speck of gold. In default of any other way of accounting for its being missing I began to wonder if Devon conldpoäsibly have transmitted it to his wife by some safe hand encountered after my List interview with him. As the only way to find out I wrote the whole details to a police friend who was at the time stationed in Melbourne, and asked him to visit Mrs. Devon, break the sad news to her, and inquire about the gold. s Having done so much I felt relieved when the privates the coroner permitted the formalities of the inquest and the burial of my poor friend on the second day after the finding of the body. Parsons was now working in Devon's late claim, and begged the dead man's tent, which, being of little value, I gave him. and he erected is not very far from the spot on which it had stood before, but rather nearer to the month of the shaft. Some days passed, and Parsons came to the camp occasionally in the evening as he passed to and fro from- store or butcher's. I was not long in finding out the secret of his seediness-he was addicted to drink. He had confided to me that he was getting a little gold, but the amount-he confessed to was not one- half of what I soon discovered him to be spending on drink, bottles of which he took to the tent to indulge in privately. And the effects of his heavy potations soon began to tell on the miserable being His face was puffed and pallid, his hands trembling. That he was able to work at all I began to doubt, and to satisfy myself went to the claim one day and looked down it. Daye was in a sitting posture at the bottom, apparently sound asleep, and when a stock a handful of sand over him to arouse him he started up with a shriek Westerner' that might have been emitted by' a man in the jaws of a tiger. The shaft was about twenty feet deep, and bottomed on rock. A drive had been put in and the claim worked from it at the entrance of this drive Parsons had been seated, and when he rose and emitted the cry I have mentioned I saw from the awful white face and terrible eyes that the man was suffering from delirium tremens. " Do you want to kill yourself sleeping down there ?" I asked. " Come up out of that, and get to bed if you want to sleep." He managed to climb up, using the steps cut for the purpose, and holding by the windlass rope which I had fastened ; but it was a dangerous proceeding, for his hands were almost helpless, and I was fearful of every moment seeing him lose his hold and fall, to be killed by contact with the stone at the bottom. "Did you say sleep?" he asked glar- ing at me wildly when he had staggered to a place of safety away from the shaft. "There is no place else I can sleep except down there." "Why?" "Because he follows me everywhere day and night ; but the shaft beats him ! There's no room for him down there." " Who are you taking about ?" I asked as calmly as I could, for strange suspicions were unfolding in my mind. '" About your pal, the dead man! He's, got it into his head that I robbed him of his gold, and he's haunting me day and night ! Oh, you needn't deny it it was you that told me he would come back to look for his gold." "Devon said he would haunt anyone that robbed him dead ; but how can he be haunting you-an innocent man ?" " Living men sometimes make mistakes, don't they ?" he asked, cunningly ; " and why shouldn't dead ones - At all events, there he is now, glaring at me as if I had his-gold in my pocket." While he was speaking the wretched man was drawing back from a spot at which he was glaring with terrified eyes, though there was nothing there but the warm sun resting on a patch of grass. I spoke to him as soothingly as I could, to get him into the tent. "You've got a touch of sunstroke, Parsons, and are fancying things. There's nothing or nobody within seeing distance of us. Come on into the tent, and lie down for a bit." " He'll follow me there I" " No he won't. I'll see to that. Why, Dave, did anyone ever hear of a ghost appearing in broad daylight ?" At length he permitted me to lead him away, more, I think, to get rid of the fancied spirit he was so terrified of than anything else. I got him to lie down under a promise of remaining with him if he tried to sleep, but managed to send for a doctor without his missing me, as he lay in the ring and fighting imaginary opponents on his bunk. The medical verdict was just what I expected. " This is not the first attack he's had of D.T.. I suspect, and it will go hard with him. I'll go and try and get someone up to help you, for he may take a mad fit at any moment." There was not a great number of women on the flat then, and most of those who were had their time fully occupied in some one or other kind of business connected with the sale of drink. The constable they had sent up to assist me was occupied on that day in police business, but as soon as the diggers knocked off work I had many offers from good nature ' men to help me in the night watch was the wretched victim of drink. At six o'clock I went down to our camp, leaving Parsons at last asleep under the effects of a powerful opiate administered by the doctor. One of the diggers was to watch the sick man while I looked after my horse and got my own supper. I then lay down and had a nap for a couple of hours, and went back to Parsons' tent at ten o'clock, the hour at which I had promised to relieve Jack Morton. It was one of the loveliest sights I can recall. The moon was within a couple of days of the full, and she shone, broad and brilliant, on my grassy way. Long before I reached it I could see Dave's faintly lighted tent, so silent and lemely-looking, that I could not help contrasting it sadly with sounds of music dance and laughter that came up distinctly from the " street " at the lower lead. Parsons was asleep again when T cautiously stopped at the tent and beckoned Morton outside. To my inquiries, ere the man left, he replied that Parsons had had a bad bout an hour previous. " He was fighting with dead men and the devil himself," Jack said " and it was nearly past my strength to control him, but he's sound now, and before he's likely to wake again I'll have Tom Nolan up to help you." I thanked the good-natured digger, and sat down on a box at the foot of Parsons' bunk. He was sleeping but un- easily, and every now and then he would call oUt suddenly and with awful mutterings fling his arms about wildly. Gradually, however, his sleep became heavier, and in the unaccustomed silence I unconsciously drifted into slumber myself. I awoke with a start to see that the bed was empty. Horrified at what might be the result of my carelessness, I darted to the opening of the tent. Outside it was almoSt~5.s"bright" as day, and the' stillness, with the height of the moon, assured me that I must have slept a considerable time. My very first frightened look was in the direction of the shaft, and there, between my eyes and it, I saw as plainly as I ever saw anything in my life two figures. * Yes, there were two of them when I first looked. There, within, say, twenty yards, I saw my lost friend's face and form. It was nearest to me, and beyond, with his back to the shaft and the moonlight full upon his horrified face, stood Dare Parsons. He had on him only shirt and pants, and he was in his stockinged feet, The front of his shirt had been torn open by some of his own delirious movements, and his chest was partially bare, and had streaks of blood upon it where he had fixed his own nails in his agony of fear. That he, too, saw poor Devon's appari- tion there could be no doubt, but his lips were frozen with terror and his tongue was silent. The instant I saw and recognised the shadowy form, Devon's pale face was turned to me, and I saw a smile round the well-known lips. It is years since I ventured to relate this episode, for my hearers then laughed at what they called my delusion, but the mockery did not wipe out the memory of my dead friend's face, or the parting smile that lingered round the well-known lips. Only for a second Devon turned to me, and then his regards returned to the wretched Parsons. As they did so a shriek of terror rent the quiet, and my old schoolmate began to move backward as Devon seemed to advance toward him. I saw the danger, which Parsons had for a gotten, but I saw that it was too late; there was another terrible cry as the unfortunate Parsons staggered, tossed up his arms, and fell backward down his own shaft-the shaft that Devon had sunk. One moment there had been two figures and the next there was nothing but the still moonlight lying upon the grass between me and the shaft. I had darted toward it as soon as I saw the doomed man's danger, but no one could have saved him. When I reached the shaft and looked and listened I could see nothing in the obscurity of the depth, and there was nothing to hear only the silence that might have been of death. Fortunately at this very moment Morton's mate came up to help me, and between us we managed to attach Parsons to the rope and haul him to the surface. He was not dead, but so seriously injured that it seemed impossible he could recover There was a deep wound in his head, from which a quantity of blood had flowed, and it was perhaps the flow which relieved the inflamed brain, and left him, when he recovered his senses, apparently as sane as myself. He tried to sit up, and recognised me as I spoke to keep him still. " What has happened?" he asked, as he raised his hand to his head and then held' the blood tinged fingers before his eyes. " You have had an accident, Dave, and you must keep very quiet until the doctor comes.". " An accident ! Oh, God I remember I fell down the shaft and he was chasing me. I am dying, Bray, I feel it ! Devon will. get his gold now, and I wish to God I had never robbed the dead !" \ " It was you, then ?" I asked, noting by the grey, ghastly hue on his face that the end was not far off. "Yes, it was I. Let me tell you while I am able. (Jan you give me anything to revive me-for a few moments ?" 7 The death sweat was on his face as I held the stimulant ordered by the doctor to his pallid lips, but when he had taken it he spoke anxiously. " The gold is in the drive, at the claim under a big stone at the very end. I tell you lest it should be too late when I have let you know how I got it. I went for a light, as I told you, and when I found the dead man I saw that lying by him was one of the legs of his bank that he seemed to have pulled up with his last breath. I guessed he had a plant in the hole, and got it." He told me this poor miserable being, in gasps as he could, while in the mean- time I wiped the cold moisture from his brow and cheeks.. " I robbed the dead, and from the hour you told me that Devon had declared he would haunt the robber to his death I felt that my doom was sealed. I drank and drank, for I saw him day and night watching me for his gold, and the more I drank the plainer I saw Devon. " Don't speak any more of it, Parsons," I pleaded. " Take it to Him who for- gives all sins. Ask Him for pardon, Dave, now, before it is too late." " I'm in a hard strait, Bray," he murmured ; but I was always a bad egg even at school, do you remember ? There was never any chance for me ; the devil was too strong always. But perhaps now, when she come- so low - the Lord will pity and help me." " He will, Dave ; ask Him quickly' " I am asking Him. Lord, forgive a sinner-for His sake who died-for sinners." Those were his last words, and being what I trust was a sincere prayer, surely we may believe that there was " hope in his death." We found Devon's gold where the miserable Parsons had told me it was, and I had the satisfaction of sending it to his young widow. I received in return a sad letter with thanks for all my trouble and I had no doubt from the tone of its communication that although gold is a valuable help in the journey of life, poor Devon's wife would have forfeited it twenty times over for a look into his loving, living face, or to hear the sound of his warm heart beating near her own. 