Mote ni M©ws, A special meeting of the directors of the Gympie Dairying Co. was held ou Tuesday afternoon when it was decided to notify cream suppliers to cease sending cream, as the directors had determined to suspend operations ' at the factory. It was likewise decided to writs to the Reoretnrvnf tho lVfent and Dairy Board, asking if, in the event of the Company not being able to get off the balance of their shares, the Oovemment were willing to agree to the sale or lease of the factory subject to the State- mortgage. The chairman of directors informs us he has already had one offer to lease and two to purchase the factory. The bi-mont-ly sitting of the Registration and Revision Court was held on Tuesday, before Mr. F. P. Parkinson, P.M., when six claims were registered for the Gympie electorate and eleven for the Gympie Division of Wide Bay. Eleven names were revised and allowed on the June list, and 49 on the Ju'y special list for Gympie, and on the Wide Bay list two for June and 6 for the July special list. Mr. E. Morey, P.M. of Maryborough, arrived here by the mid-day train, yesterday, and, in the afternoon commenced a depart mental enquiry at the Court House on behalf of the Public Service Board, into a com Dlaint which had been made acainst the C.P.S. Mr. P. P. Parkinson, P.M., we understand, represented the Home Secre tary's Department. The inquiry will be con tinued this morning. A trucker named Alb:rt Bates, employed in the Oriental and Glanmire mine, met with a slight accident yesterday morning. He was filling a truck in the level when a small piece of rock came away from the roof, and striking him in the small of the back, inflicted a cut which subsequently necessitated a couple of stitches being put in at the hospital. Humor is generally an absent quantity at Federation meetings, everybody being in too deadly earnest to even raise the ghost of a smile. V owevcr, there was a little variation at tho meeting in the Widgee- Board hall on Tuesday night. Questions had been asked for, and one of the audience, propounded what he cooiidently expected was a poser. 'If cw South Wales had not adopted the Commonwealth Bill what would have been the result ' ! Uhairmau butners rose and thundered with all the patriotism of an en thusiastic Bill-ite : 'I vill reply to that question. If you'd never been born Mr. ? , you'd never have been able to ask such a foolish question.' And again. Mr. Fisher was quoting the big majorities for the Bill in the Southern Colonies as a reason for Queensland electors following suit.. 'Yes,7' interjected a satirical anti-Billite, ' but there's an aulu saying that there are more fools than wise men in the world.' At the Police' Court ou Tuesday, before Mr F. P. Parkinson. P.M., H. J. Byan. licensee of the Atlautic Hotel, .pleaded guilty to Sunday tracing, and was fined 20s., with 5s. 4d. costs. The ease of JKllen Mcrritt v. James Merritt, defcudant to show cause for disobeying order as to costs of court, wao a-3j jurned, pending settlement, till Friday, at the request ot Mr. W. H. Conlau, who appeared for the defendant. ' . The usual weekly silting of the Warden's Court was held yestordjy before1 Mr. Wardeu Parkinson, when the application of Arthur j Brown for one acre near Musgrave street, as j a miner's homestead, was approved con- , ditionally. The application of Mr. K. B Bjrns for 25 acres, G.M. Lease, known as Bearup's lease, was recommended, as also six months' total exemption for the same. The interments in the local cemetery for the past month of July were : — Adults, 8 ; children, 5; stillborn, I; total 14. There was one removal from one grave to another. For the corresponding month of the pre cediDg year the interments were : Adults, 13 ; children, 12 ; stillborn, 3 ; total, 28. There were also two removals from one grave. to anotner. ''''.' The 'Bus proprietors notify in this issue a re-arrangement of sections as follows : — drown foad : First section, Commissioner's Hill to Mount Pleasant corner ; second sec tion to Monkland. Crescent road : First section to foot of Red Hill; second section to Monklnnd. The same sections bold good for the return journey. TVTr T^f?WiTrrl *P TTill Vine Infold nnmnlofpfl for himself a two-storied business place' and residence which is a decided improve ment to Mary street. The building is a neat and well finished one, and the lower floor is filled with a fine assortment . of furniture, pianos, etc., worthy of a city. The second story is occupied by Mr. Hill as a residence, and in connection with his undertaking business will be a great convciience both to himself and those who have unfortunately to c.11 at late hours. Mr. George Markham, Stock Inspector, handed us (Bundabkkq Mm.) the following recipes for cattle dips which' have been used' with success ig the Bockhampton, St. Law rence, and Mackay districts: — Masterton's (ijp—llb coal tar, lib washing soda, Jib soap, to 10 gallons of water ; boi1 soap first in one gallon of water till quite dissolved, then inix tar aud soda in 9 gallons of water, add to the dissolved soap, and boil for two hours ; cost about 16s. per 1000 gallons. Mr. Christian's Al-n - Wninnm C!f T .O m »««t-|rtO__1 A1K fl 1*0011 1/- 2«lb washing soda, 7i gallons of Stockholm tar, to 400 gallons water. Mr. Archer's dip, Gracemere, Kockhampton — ljlb arsenic, 31b soda, Bib soap, per 100 gallons water, well boiled. Cooper's and Odam's sheep dips (sold in packets) are now being used with great success and require very little trouble in mixing. Mr. G. S.Curt.3 is the agent in ltockhanipton for Odam's dips, and Dalgety A Co. and Walter Keid & Co. for Cooper's. The new labour vessel Syduey Belle has arrived at Bundaborg with 12a recruits. Sp?akiDg at the banquet to celebrate the openiuK of the Winton railway, Mr. Thallon, general traflic niiiuager, said no passeDger had lost his life yet on a Queensland railway during 30 years. Cattle were carried 20 per cent, less than New South Wales' rates, aud 70 per ceut less than Victorian. The labor recruiting schooner Helena went ashore on Monday whilst crossing Wide Bay bar, and at the latest account was breaking up. The vessel was owned by Messrs. W. H. Williams and H. J. Uyne of Maryboro, and, it is understood, was uninsured. The lugger Midge, which some weeks ago was given up as lost, has returned to Port Darwin. The passengers and crew were eight in number, and it is stated that they suffered ?Crrihle TlrivAtinnc IVhan ♦ lint? worn n Hn.v out from Port Darwin the vessel grounded on a sandbank, where she reinained- for 28 days?. The supply of food eoon gave out, and there after shark and catfish were the only susten ance. Two of the passengers went ashore iu order to search 4or food, but the action of hostile natives compelled their return to the sandbank. The lists in connection with the recent examinations at the London University show that eight women and ten men haV6 passed for the M.A. degree. In the classic list four out of six places have been won by women. . On Sunday and Monday rain fell over nearly all New South Wales. The Queensland Premier has been ap pointed a Justice of the peace for Victoria. Mr. 1'urcher, of the Mount Kosciusko meteorological staff, is resigning his position, and will probably be succeeded by Mr. Wraage, juu. _. ... The American jockey bloaa, wJio is receiv ing such absurd adulation in England at the hands of well-to-do people who are given to sporting, got himself into trouble on one of the evenings of the Ai-cot race meeting. He was drinking with some friends when some one, either inadvertently or intentionally, spilt some champagne over him. He took up a bottle and threw it at the person who na( done this, but it hit one of the waiters and mit nnen his chin. A mchc ensued, and it was expected that Sloan would be charged before the magistrate who sits at J scot to hear police cases, but tho matter was settled by the payment of £100 to the injured waiter. The chairman of the Victorian Chambef of Mines says that thegSydney School or Mines is attracting many students from V ic tona. Three Chinese who crossed the New South Wales border from Queensland were heavily fined at Tenterfield on Tuesday, and ordered to pay the poll-tax. It is intended to place a sura on the New Zealand estimates to defray the expense of sending a rifle team toBisley next year. A pathetic and startling scene occurred at Daylesford (Vic.) last week at the magis terial inquiry into the death of James Oliver, aged 38 years, who was killed by a full of enrth while working with his father in a s-luicing claim at Eganstown. The deputy coroner had just completed taking the evi dence of the fath r John Oliver, oged about 70\. and the latter was about to attach his signature to the depositions, when he fell back dead. ' hoking. — A family newspaper saysf: — Raising the left arm as high as you can will relieve choking much more rapidly thnn by being thumped ou the bock. And it is well that everyone should know it, for often a person gets choked while eating, when there is no one near lo thump him. frequently at meals and whoa they »ra at play, children get choked -while eatiug, and the customary manner of relieving them is to slap them sharply ou the back. The effect of this is to set the obstruction free, so tbnt it can be swallowed. Tho same thiog can be brought about by raisiDg the left band of the child as high as possible, and the rolief eomes much more rapidly. In happenings of this kind there should be no alarm, for if a child sees that older porsons or parents get excited, he is liable to become so also. '1 he bo^t thing to do is to tell the child to raise its left arm, Dd immediately the difficulty passes down. 