AT A GEORGE REID MEETING. BY AN OUTLANDER. A REID meeting in Sydney or suburbs w as something unusually vigorous and awe- inspiring even for bydney, where they invariably take their politics very seriously, and wax as enthusiastic over a constitutional question as if it were of as much importance as a game of football or a dog fight. I attended a Reid meeting in my private capacity, moved by a desire to see the local minor politician in his natural state, inspired by angry passions and craving for raw Reid on a charger. There was a great crowd about the door of the hall, although it wanted an hour to the appointed time, and the crowd showed as much eagerness as if it were going to a cheap theatrical matinee or an execution. I saw that it would be a ease of the survival of the fittest, and prepared to fight my way in, and being an insinuating young man of great address, and having extraordinarily acute angles that probe like the prongs of a rake, I succeeded in working my passage well to the front, leaving in my wake a thick streak of language of the scope and character that is usually employed to urge the working bullock to more strenuous endeavours. The crowd as a whole was not murderously disposed towards Ceorge Reid, P.C., but there were those present who felt constrained to admit that if he fell off a very high place on his head tj,ey would contrive to bear ^he calamity. Others toot t,he extreme view, and waDted to shed Mr. Rejd's blood on the ha.ll s teP > quite regard If M of oxpetue and corsksi 0f appearance*. One of these was caught on the outskirts of the crowd filling his pockets with blue metal from the road. " Here, here, phwad's this, me mabn ?" said an impartial policeman, taking the rocki from his pocket. " Those, sir?"' said the innocent i.nti. "Them is eggs." His contention was not admitted neither was he. I got in. That is to fay, a great deal of me got in. The residue was left clinging to the corner of the dooray. By reason of a lamentable lack of judgment I camped near a corner, and when the doors opened the crowd pressed me againft that corner with the greatest cordiality, and then began to woik me round and wear me out on the bricks. By the time I was worlsed into the hallway I was in a grievous condition of disrepair, and was glad to arail myself of the services of a Mourng Herald to disguise my identity in various places. The place was soon packed. T found myself seated next a rabid Anti with bloodshot eyes and the strident aroma of an old established gin distillery. He hated George Reid very ..much, this bad man- hated him so much that lie had to give expression to his detestation in linked profanity long drawn out, and from here and there disgusted electors pleaded with him. "Ah, shetup!" "Shet yer head !". . • But the wild-eyed man accepted no advice, and when Mr. Reid walked on to the platfoim he fetched such a roar of implacable hate and utter loathing that I would not have been surprised had the Premier incontinently turned tail and fled for There were little groups of Antis scattered through the hall, and I gathered during that evening a great respect for the wind of the Antis. Tbe Anti may not be afflicted with a great burden of brains, but he has lungs enough for a regim Cesar's ghost! How those devils yelled when Reid took the floor, and what a variety of yells they worked in-howls, hoots, curses, roars, shrieks, squeals, whistles and many barks, and miscellaneous Gehenna-bred clamour. The Antis howled at Reid. and the bulk of the audience yelled at the Antis. . " Ladies and gentlemen,'' said the Premier from the edge of the platform. I (Pandemonium erupted and aUthelnnaticasylums in Christendom broke loose ; houses fell and horses thunderbolts bolted, and it on seemed that devoted that Heaven hall. was raining George stood with a small plump hand raised like somebody commanding the elements or who's-this ordering the sun to etand still. But the Antis had their ejes shut, and were protesting like woe- worn dogs. When they opened their eyes and beheld that impertinent hand the fountains of the deep were broken up again ; thunders bellowed, and the earth burst with a loud report. The Premier simply stood round as composed as a cod on ice, and blandly surveyed the ruin he had W Evfry man had something to say, and was saying lit. and, having said it, repeated it backwards to the accompaniment of gesticulation suggestive of a lynched nigger. Here and there little groups were hustling and worrying each other, and a busy policeman was chipping in to prevent homicide and manslaughter. For nearly an hour George Reid promenaded that platform, throwing out a sentence or two in the lulls, and awakening his foes to fresh fury and newer flights, and meanwhile my neighbour, the wild-eyed man, had become a raving obstructionist and an intemperate devil. He danced a,bout like a lunatic afflicted with fifteen styles and brands ot spasms, jumping on the seat, yelling insults at Reid, brandishing his arm*, and treading all over me in his excitement. Had I not been of a gentle, lovable disposition I might have got him down and knocked hischestin with a statue of Minerva that stood handy : but I am a fragile, timid creature of eleven stone burden, and he weighed fourteen stone, and looked like John L. Sullivan's big, ugly brother. These facts being as stated, I did not feel called upon to interfere further than to ejaculate at intervals : "Oh, please !" "Now, don't !" "Come, I say !" and similar conciliatory remarks. If Mr. Keid's friends had sat still, I don't think the howl of the A nti would have been very effective against him, but they rose to protest every time an Anti opened his head, and so the speaker could only get a word in edgeways once in a while. Most ot the Antis thought it would be advisable to slay Reid out of hand, but my wild-eyed friend wanted him slain with grotesque tortures and slow fire. Oh ! he was a nice man, my neighbour; a nice man, but a trifle uncivilised. At length Mr. Reid adopted a favourite device and one that has quieted many a rowdy meeting. Fixing now and again on a conspicuous culprit, he pointed at him an accusing finger and cried : ' My fri> nd, you will have to go out !" The party indicated invariably went out on the impulee of the moment. He did not go willingly, but he went. He usually went over the heads of the audience, shot along like a log skidding down a mountain, and before he knew where he was he was sitting up in the gutter ou'side. This method was successful, and presently George began to make himself heard through the trouble, and I was congratulating myself on the prospect of hearing something edifying, when suddenly George's finger shot out at the wild-eyed man eu my right, and George ciird : " That man there had better go out !" A se.cocd later I was being banded round like a collection plate, but with greater velocity. Two seconds later I was roosting on the kerb outside, and a policeman was giving me kindly and wise warning to the effect that if I didn't go away quietly and learn decorum and horse-sense I would probably get my head badly damaged with an official club, and be fined a guinea lor being a lunatic aud a nuisance. I thought so, to®, and took up my sacred wrongs and went home. What happened to the wild-eyed man I cannot say, but I trust they did not kill him ; I would prefer to have him seriously injured, because I am naturally averse to extremes—and, besides, lie would feel it longer. A MAN in Auckland, N.Z., is said to have risen frjm what all the doctors declared would be his death bed on hearing that he had got the old-age pension. Pensioners never die—look at Sir Charles Gavan Duffy luxuriating at Nice in his 83rd year on the pension granted by the Victorian Government. "WHAT are newspapers?" asked a teacher at the Albert Park State school. "Things for telling about the Australian cricketers," replied the clever boy of the class. It must have been a brother of this boy who imagined the cables were laid down simply to ch.-onicle the batting feats of Clem Hill. There was trouble in a south suburban family one day last week because the young hopeful, a boy of nine had covered himself with disgrace, and there was talk of law proceedings in consequence of damages 1 e bad done to a newsboy of abouthis own age, and ruin wrought amongst the paper boy's stock. The youngster had got up at an unearthly hour, and was discovered in a wild and woful fight with the paper boy out in the street gutter. Both lads w ere covered with mud and lumpB and bruises, and blood was shed freely all over the highway. When order was restored, it was discovered that the tmall boy had got up to waylay the first paper-seller and discover the news of the Lancashire match or perish in the attempt. Hence these tears. 