SYLVIA'S LAST STORY. BY GERTRUDE ATHERTON, Author of "The Doomswoman," "Pa tience Sparhawk," etc., etc. (Copyright) Sylvia Hunt had been born in San .Francisco, reared in San Francisco, was a graduate of the San Francisco High School; except for brief excursions to the seaside or farms to escape the cold winds of midsummer for a little, she had never been out of the city. The country as de picted on the scenes of the theatres was far more intimate in her mind than any otf the marvels of her State. Finding that she was obliged to support herself and her mother almost coincidently with graduation, she determined to become a newspaper woman. She haunted the office of the "Searcher" until the city editor gave her an assignment "to get rid of her," as he expressed it; but in reality because he knew the value of tenacity in a reporter. Since then she had inter viewed murderers in their cells, political bosses, society women, ex-inebriates, wbo had taken the Keely cure, paid bi- i weekly visits to tbe Morgue iu search of "stories," liad, altogether, developed her natural intrepidity, and a style that was the pride of Pacific Coa6t journal ism. She whittled her stories to a point, had a startling collection of adjectives, i kept humor and pathos iu stock, the for- i mer of which she used with liberality, j the latter with artistic economy, and j could work up as dramatic a climax as j any gifted maker of tales. In time she : became the most noted newspaper woman of her State, signed her contri butions, and received a large salary. Small wouder, then, that she was chosen for one of the most remarkable assign ments upon which a newspaper had ever "sent a reporter. The State had been agog for a year over a series of the boldest train rob- j heries that had ever been enacted with- | in its famous boundaries. Four times j the eastern-bound train passing over the \ southern route had been held-up by ; masked meu and despoiled of its tliou- i sands; but only two mouths since hiul the crime been fastened on Jim Bennett, a well known citizen of Bakersfiehl, and grape-farmer in a small way. He was arrested, after the wounding of the she riff and one of liis assistants, and the killing of another, and locked up. He broke gaol the same night, and was known to be biding in the Sierras.. Four search parties had gone after liim. Two had struck his trail and tallowed it to the foot of a bare and solitary peak on the apex of which was a log cabin. Through a field-glass they had distinctly , seen Mr Bennett sauntering about, smok ing a pipe. As tliere was no brush to conceal the approach of the enemy, the first party had merely returned to Balt- ersfieid and reported. The second party more keen for glory, bad ventured half way up, led by Tom Harkness, the most fearless sheriff in Southern California, and been disastrously routed by Mr Ben nett and his loyal friends— several ot whom had folloAved him into exile— wiio lay at full length behind a felledn-edwood and fired leisurely bet ween pipes and "chaws." The governor was considering the advisability of ordering out the mi litia, when the State was startled by a fifth train-robbery, at which a haul of twenty thousand dollars was made, and atvwhich Mr Benuett officiated without the formality of a mask, aud sent Ins compliments to the est cormorants who owned the railroad aud were the ——est thieves that ever went uuhung. "They'll have the militia out now, sure's fate," said the city editor of the "Searcher," the morning after the rob bery. "They may give Tom Harkness one more chance, but that's all." He sprang to liis feet, bis eyes flashing with the enthusiasm of his ilk, when the out lines of a "great story" spring from the imagination. " We'll have an interview with Bennett! We must have an inter view with Bennett! The 'Searcher's' out of sight now; a scoop like that, and she'd be the monarch of Pacific Coast journal ism without any advertising." Two young men who were writing at desks came rapidly forward; but Sylvia Hunt ran past tliem and planted berself squarely before the editor. "I want it," she said, decidedly; "and I can succeed where a man would be sure to fail. They would never let a man up that peak alive; but they won't fire on a woman." The editor did not ren'v for a moment. although his eyes flashed again. Alter pit, though not a gentleman, he was a man,, and had, in a remote braln-cell, an infinitesimal fragment of the instinct of protection of the- male for the female. One of the volunteering reporters gave a short laugh and turned on his beeL The other reddened and hit his "Tip. He was a tail young man with a pale face ana a slight stoop— a college graduate and the best man on the city staff. He did not' look at the city editor; his eyes were fixed onMisk-Hunt. "Well?" demanded Sylvia, wu-« a sJgnt stamp of her foot, "what are you hesitat ing about I am going, of course. I m the only person on the paper that has the ghost of a show; and I suppose you re not calculating on a failure?" "No, I'm not," replied the editor, plun- ly. "You can have it. It's ten o'clock. Go home and get what you want and come back here for instructions. You 11 take the 12.30 train. I'H telegraph to Bakersfield to have a guide ready for ySylvia left tlw room immediately. The young man followed, and stopped her in the corridor. "Well?" she said, coloring and turning her head aside; "I know what you're go ing to say, but I'm going, and I haven't time to toyk about it." "I have no hope of diseaudiug you, he said. "I merely want to say that I am going with you." "You're not going to do anything of the kind. Do you think I shall have the edge taken off my scoop like that? I'll tell the C.E. not to allow it." " I shaS go with you if I have to resign from the paper. As far as zyour scoop is con cerned, no one need know that I am with you except tbe C.E. Tbe others will think I'm off for a vacation." "Oh bother!" Miss Hunt tossed her head and walked away; but she cob-red again. Sylvia, a guide known as Hickory Pete, and John Harrison, "crack" repor ter of the San Francisco "Searcher," were slowly ascending the foothills of the Sierras on horseback. During the long ride south on the train, and the drive to the foothills, Miss Hunt had re fused to converse with lier knight; but as tbe majestic redwoods closed about them, their primeval silence unbroken by the rustle of their topmost leaf three hun dred feet above, not a living thing at play in the green fragrant depths of their un der world, the great I AM of the Ameri can maiden deserted her for the first lime in lier life! Awed and frightened, she pushed her horse close to Harrison's. He understood perfectly— lie had spent days and nights in the redwoods alone. "You will like it presently," he said; "one always feels that way at first. That was one reason wliy I wanted to come with you." She shook her head decidedly. 'I am a child of the pavements," she said. "I like the rush and the hurry, the thousand sensations that are crowded into a city —that ycu feel are there, even if they don't c-ome your way. "But," she added, with a charming smile, "1 like you much better here, somehow, than I did iu town." "There is a chance for companionship here— of really finding each other out." "Dear me! I wonder if you will like me when you find me out? I have heard society girls complain that the men they had liked most during the winter were worse than oodles in tliet country. Per haps I won't 'sustain' myself, as the short story writers say when they want to write a novel." >Sbe was a brown- haired girl, with keen eyes of the greenish-grey line so often seen in California. Her complexion was somewhat worn, lier no.se tiitod, lier mouth was ravishingly pre! ty, lier chin square. Two-thirds of the meu in the office were in love with her, but she gave them small heed. Harrison looked at her Willi something of tenderness, some thing of triumph— he knew his advant age. They were riding along iu silence. Sylvia's head was thrown back, she was gazing up into the rigid interlaced arms of the redwoods ahundred feet above her head, through which the. suurays trickled faintly. There was a hideous yell, a rush of incredible rapidity, and something sprang at Sylvia's horse, . throwing him back on his haunches Almost simultaneously there was the report of a pistol, and something dropped with a thud to the ground. "Well done, young man," exclaimed Pete, who was some little distance be hind. He spurred his horse and reached them almost immediately, "it's a wild eat— and a rattling big one. You're a good shot, mister, and you've a cool head for a city gent." Sylvia was very pale, but she looked at Harrison with quite a new regard. She had hardly considered liiin in the light of a man before, little move than an able mentality connected with the city staff. But it sc-emed suddenly to expand, and Sylvia remembered that once, when siie was very young and green, she had had an ideal. She felt an unwonted shyness, and turned to Hickory Pete. "Do you think Bennett is sure to- be there?" she asked. "Tol'rablc sure, mum. lie iakes it fur granted that tliey think he's skedaddled over the border, and after he interviews you. or you him, bcggiiv your pardon, he'll git, I reckon. There won't be noto ur else fur bim to do. And I ain't sorry He's been wise to slay ful some things, but it's time fur bim' to git home." "Where will lie go— to Mexico?" "I reckon that's about the size of it There ain't no place else, 'cept Canady. I wish he was thnr— I wish lie was. But they're watching the border. It's pretty, risky." r Sylvia wished- that another wild cat would appear that she might feel that glow about her heart again. But no thing broke the protou&dstillness; of the forest but the wind sighing through the' tree tops and the low roar of the creek. At night they built a huge fire it! a clear ing on the high bank of tlie creek, aud cooked their supper. "You're been here before, young man," said Pete, admiringly. "I never e't bet ter cooked steak and fiapjac-ks than these." "I spend all my vacations in the moun tains," replied Harrison. After supper be and Sylvia wandered along the bluff, then into the forest. .Syl via had nevepTtnown that anything could be so still. Even the wind slept. Harri son talked to her of everything but the office, and she was ready to forget its existence. She had never believed that she, Sylvia Hunt, the concentrated es sence of modernity, could feel as if, she wanted an evening in a dark, quiet red wood forest never to end. Harrison did not make love to her. He knew how sweet the slow awakening is to woman;" and lie, too, was content to wait. He told her something of tbe wonders of the forest, and made her kneel and listen to the low murmur of the night world. Then he talked to her of his fa vorite authors and poets, and Sylvia re lived that there were other things that . she had missed besides love. "I will read when I go back," she said eagerly. "I am a terrible little ignora mus, but I'll subscribe to the Mercantile Library, and you will write out a list for me, won't ycu?" "I will lend you my books. I have a good many." "I am a child of tlie hour, of the mo ment," said Sylvia, more aud more dis contented with herself. "It nearly killed me to study history at school, or anything connected with tbe past. I remember a school friend came back from a trip to England a year or so ago, and she told me with delight that she'd seen the very window out of which Charles I. had walked to be beheaded. I asked her who Charles I. was, and she was shocked— she'd been a great history scholar. But I told her I didn't care whether I knew or not, that a newspaper woman's place was right here in the NOW. But per haps one might have time for two sides. "You have missed a good deal," he said tenderly. "But you are a child yet. Come, you must go baqk now. We have a hard day to-morrow, and you must get a good night's rest." When he reached the camp he saw that the blankets she was to sleep on were comfortably arranged. "If you are frightened in the night, you must call me," be said. "But Peie and I shall watch alternately. Nothing wfll hurt you." "Altogether" thought Sylvia, "as she stretched herself out on her side of the lire, "I'll lie engaged before I get back. And it will be those redwoods that will have done it. The huge, motionless things (Scorn to keep saying to me : 'Be serious, Sylvia; be serious.' And I should like to know what is more serious than mat rimony'— even with our divorce laws." And then, to her unutterable surprise, she burst into tears. They were two days reaching the fa mous neak. Hickory Pete, who had lived "his- lifetime in the mountains, killed innumerable bears and several men, served bis- term twice, and was notoriously' a friend of Bennett's, regaled Harrison and Sylvia with thrilling yarns of his manifold adventures, as they slow ly climbed the trails, or sat round the lire at meals. They did not meet another human being, nor did theyr see another beast. Sylvia liad read of such experiences, but unbelievingly. She felt as if she were In a new world, on another planet, where the atmo sphere was green under interlacing bouglis in forest depths, where no one existed but themselves; and always, somewhere, there was a low roar of water. She lost the thread of Pete's tales, falling into reverie, of what the scarcely knew. On the second night she and Harrison walked again into toe forest, and this time she talked eagerly of herself, telling him of her childhood kind early girlhood; then made him tell her of his own life. Although lie had drawn her hand through his arm, he made no attempt to caress her; hut they; felt very close together. When Sylvia went to bed she felt very happy; hut Sylvia was still Sylvia, and she could not forbear a humorous observation. "I am almost ready to admit that men are really cleverer than women," she /thought. "Certainly he knew what he was about when he came along." They were at tlie foot of the peak. Pete was making Sylvia sandwiches, and giving her advice. "Be sure you look as if yer sympathised with Jim," he said. "He's powei'ful keen on sympathy. And if you air shocked at his liavin' taken what ain't his'n, don t let on fer toe world. He's powerful sen sitive. is Jim. If you could look as if ver thought he was powerful, brave, and clever, that ud go a long way. All folks has tlieir peculiarities, and it's a grand thing to know just where they lie when yer have to tackle them. Well, s'long. It's ten o'clock." . . Harrison turned pale, hut he wisely made no attempt to detain her; she was not a woman to turn hack with purpos? unaccomplished. 1 "Promise thai you will fire-jour re- -j reiver, if you feel that jGtx have the J least cause to be frightened, " he said. 1 Sylvia nodded. She did not look at hhn, nor did she feel like talking. Harrison and Pete withdrew into the brush. There was no necessity for . this formality as for as Pete was concerned, but Sylvia was determined to have the glory of in vading the robber's den alone. She be gan the descent slowly, for it was very steep. She did not look back, lest she should betray the fact that a word would bring her down with a run. Half way up she' paused to rest. She sat down -on a burnt stump, and, as neither of her protectors had a field- glass, permitted her gaze to wander downward to the hiding-place of the man who had been her constant companion for the past two days, and held posses sion of her dreams by night. She heaved a great sigh. "It's no use," she thought, "I'm in love. I'll he married two months from now. Another good newspaper woman gone wrong. The boss will be furious. It's these redwoods." They were set thick on a vast expanse of peak waves. Below, their spikes rose from the canon where her lover fumed. Mr Bennett had chosen this mount, burnt bare by fire, not only because no enemy could approach unseen, but because it was blistered for hours at a time by the solar rays. "Which is good for my rheu matics," he had announced in .one of his bulletins. "I like the sun, and never could abide damp. Here I'll stay until I'm ready to quit the country, and I'll make it a sight "hotter than the sun for anybody that comes up here without bein' invited." Sylvia was two weary hours climbing the peak. Pete had admonished her to hold herself straight, to "take it easy," and to "come down on the flat of her feet." But Sylvia, being a woman, and versed iu stairs, leaned forward and walked on her toes. Consequently she had a backache for the first time iu her life. And she was lonesome and hungry, aud the terrible silence and grandeur of the scene sent her to the verge of tears. But when she neared the crest, aiid saw the tall familiar figure of Mr Bennett— his wife had beeu most generous iu the matter of photographs— standing iu front of the cabin door, his bauds iu his pockets, regarding her with manifest disapproval, her spirits and her new sense flared together. She nodded blithely, accelerated her steps, and reached his level iu a few moments. "Good morning, Mr Bennett," she said, as if her call were the most natural thing in the world. — "Well," he said, "what do you want?" "May I sit down and eat my sand wiches on this stone? How glad I am to be on a flat place again. I suppose you will .accept these credentials." She handed him a note from his wife, bought with a round sum by the San Francisco "Searcher," in which the bold highway man was petitioned to give the bearer an interview. Bennett's face softened. He put the letter tenderly inside his coarse flannel shirt. His face was almost entirely covered by a short red beard, each hair of which seemed to bristle with angry Are Hi's hair was long and uncombed. The defiance in his deeply-set, hard blue eyes was almost wild. He was not a soothing presence to encounter in the wilderness, but Sylvia was afraid of nothing under heaveu but tarantulas. She had glanced about carefully; there were no little round holes covered with- white film. The door of the cabin stood open. Two men, as uninviting in appearance as their chief, were suoring loudly ou the floor. "So you be a newspaper woman," re marked Bennett. Well, you are gritty, and I like that. I ain't no particular ob jection to givin' the 'Searcher' an inter view, but they must want one pretty bad when they send a delicate little woman like you after one. Ain't you got no feller to look after you?" Sylvia blushed rosily. "I suggested that you would never let a strange man come up here alive." "You may bet your bottom dollar ou that." "But what I was going to say was, that the 'Searcher' does want an inter view. You are the great sensation of the day. A presidential election could not diminish the interest of the public iu "the greatest train-robber of the age." Pete had not overrated Mr Bennett's vanity. A smile forced its way through the thicket of hair which altered the out lines of his bony countenance. "So," he said. "So. I'm a hero? Well, I'm sorry the law don't look at it that way and let me go in peace. I've got eighty-five thousand dollars in that there cabin, and much good it will do me until I kin git to Canada or Mexico, where I kin send for my family and live in quiet and comfort." "You are not alone here, I see, Mr Ben nett." " Oh, no, I've got two friends in side asleep, and two more are over on that there mountain huntin' deer. My, friends have stood by me; and they'll havfe their rewai'd, not in the next world, but in this. I've giveu them a thou, apiece." "Of course, generosity is a part of your bold nature. lit is no use, I sup pose, to ask you your immediate plans?" "Well, no; it ain't. When the lime come to leave, I'll leave. I've got my spies, as well as the law. Meanwhile, I've got five rifles and plenty of ammuni tion to hold the fort." "I hope you'll get off safely, Mr Ben- -.;t£eit; indeed, I do. I am sure you need Imgagpney much more than the people yon—S»Qk it from.1' "That's What I thought when I swiped it," replied Mr Bennett, placidly., "If I could only make a haul of several mil lions outen the U.S. Government, now, I'd be livin' in a palace on Nob Hill, San Francisco, without nothin' to disturb my peace of mind but' an occasional dig iu the 'Searcher'; hut, as my opportoonities are limited,and I've only been able to git away with eighty- five thou, iu a hull year— by a long sight squarer method— I'm treated like any common or'n'ry bur glar- However, it's no use grumblin'; you can't make the world over. Luckily, there be other places besides Californy. I'm sorry to leave Californy, though. It's pretty. It's pretty." "I'm so sorry your giape- fanuing wasn't a success, Mr Bennett," said Syl via, with genuine sympathy; she thought him very interesting. "Then you would toot have been so tempted." He snorted. "It wasn't tempted 60 much I was as mad. I'd like to know what farmer has any chance these days, when Californy's been stuffed inside an iron skeleton of railroads? You raise a good crop. It ain't worth your while to 6hip it to 'Frisco, much less to the States, because the freight's so heavy it eats up more'n the profits. So I thought I'd make a fool of the railroad and better myself by the way. And I have made a fool of them!" He doubled his hairy fist and shook it in the air; the blood blazed under his weather-beaten skin. "1 only wi6h I could have got a show at old Partington. I'd have made him so heavy with lead, they'd have had to have six extry pall-bearers." "Do you think that killing the owner of the railroad would remedy the evil, Mr Bennett?" Sylvia, fortunately, had a memory independent of notes, and had succeeded hi placing the outlaw quite at his case. "It would be saiisfactory; and it might set people to thinkin' a little. But if 1 don't do it someone else 11. That's what lets me sleep o' nights! "Now, Mr Bennett, I'm going to ask you to let me sketch you. Of course, we've had your photograph, but so have all the papers; and we want something exclusive — and a sketch from here, just think, what a triumph for the 'Searcher!' You don't mind, do you? I really draw quite nicely; I took all the prizes at school, suid have taken a special course since, for purposes of newspaper illus tration. It adds so to one's income." "I don't know as I do mind. You're a plucky little woman, and I respect yon. P'raps you'll tell all the news. I don't see the papers too often." "Indeed, I'll tell you everything you want to know. Sit there— please — against the cabin. It wiil make such an appropriate background. 1 wish I could get a few redwoods in, but. I'm not equal to that." For an hour Sylvia sketched and chatted. The man listened with deep interest for a time, then his eyes closed. The woman's presence, lier soft vol re., the novel visitation, soothed his eternal vigilance, and he drifted unresistingly jut® sleep. Sylvia did not mind. She had already done his eyes aud mouth— what she could see of the last ; she worked on steadily at tile bohl outline and violent hair. Suddenly there was a rift in her absorption; through it filtered the consciousness that (he intense silence about her wasjlisturbed. She dropped her pencil aud listened intently. Then she looked up at the redwoods; they were motionless. She rose to her feet aud ran round to the back of the house. A company oT" militia was within two hundred yards of the top. She bounded back and flung herself on Bennett. "Tliey are coming!" she cried to the dazed man. "The militia! They are crawling up the hack of the hill! They are almost here!" He sprang to his feet with an oath, and, lifting her by the shoulders, made a (motion as if to fling her down the moun tain. "You've giveu me away," lie screamed, with a volley of oatlis. "I might have known it. But I'll settle With you after!'' He ran her into the cabin, made a hur ried explanation to the two men who were sitting up, staring about stupidly, aud barricaded the door and window. Sylvia had sense enough to make no protest. She retired to a corner of the small dirty room, resolved to make herself as small as possible, aud at the first chance to slip out and run down the peak. It was some time before she realised her danger. The noise outside grew louder. Through a small chink between the logs she saw the men swarm up. Tom Ilaikuess came forward and formally demanded the surrender of Bennett. The three pri soners made no reply, no sound. They stood with their rifles at their shoulders. Sylvia looked at their set indomitable faces and thrilled with the response of- . woman to man's brute courage. With all her soul she imped they would win, or, that being impossible, thai they had some secret method of escape. She glanced about with her sharp trained eyes. There was no sign of an under ground passage. It was a sm ill square room, built directly on the ground. In one comer was a bunk, covered with a flltiiv pulali mattress. Against the wall was"a pile of straw and blankets where the "friends" slept. In another a heap of sacks, through the rough meshes of which was a gleam of yellow. Harkuess repeated his demand. Again no answer. Iu another moment there was a rush against the door. It stood firm, although the cabin shuddered. Ben nett applied his eye to a hole beside the door. He removed it, inserted tiie muzzle of his rifle and fired. 1 here was an ugly scream without, then a volley from every side. There were five small round holes in the cabin. From three of these the outlaw and bis friends did deadly work. Sylvia realised her peril. The redwood logs of which the cabin was built were soft and thick, and the halls from with out had so far ploughed their way In differently; as yet not one had entered, and groans of puiu and screams of rag®, were multiplying without, but at any moment a bullet might splinter through a weak place— and Sylvia be the victim! She glanced about desperately. There was no refuge but under that appalling mattress on the hunk. Bather a thou sand deaths, she decided. She dropped from the box on which she had been sitting, and huddled down into the cor ner, believing that no bullet could reach her unless the men fired ou their knees. She put her hands to her knees and tried to calculate how long it would take HnrrisOu to reach the top of the peak. Of course, ha would start at the first shot. She decided that she would marry on the following day if he wished it, aud have a man to protect her for the rest of her life. The firing ceased. There was another rush for the door; then another. It creaked horribly, strained, began to give. Bennett reloaded and fired steadily, pick ing -bis men. A brilliant ray of light appeared between the door and the case ment. "Will you give in now?" shouted Hark uess. Bennett made no reply. "Get a muzzle iu that opening!" cried the captain. "What's that door made of?" But Bennett's rifle was already there. Another man screamed. Then the com pany without was transformed into a yelling, cursing, frantic mob.. Mr pride was in the dirt; and no one kirew whose turn it would be next. They formed iu a solid body and made an other rush. Bennett had re-fastened the door, but it gave again. The strip of light was wider than before. Aud Sylvia was oblivious. Her staring eyes were fixed on a tiny round hole in the ground not three inches from her. Something 'dark and elastic was rising from it. It bulged up slowly, this tiling without apparent head— or legs. What were those objects that suddenly ap peared to prop that enlarging excrescence in generous profusion? The body ac celerated its movements. It rose higher. It dragged eight long hairy legs after it. Sylvia leaped to her feet with a piercing shriek, and flinging herself on Bennett, knocked the gun out of his hand. "A tarantula!" she gasped and fainted. And before he could recover himself the door was down and six men were hold ing him while the officers of the law slipped the handcuffs on his wrist, and the hoot on his leg. When Sylvia recovered she was in the open. Several of the wounded soldiers ,iyjy.-e making litters with which .to. bear their wounded brethren in comfort for many weary miles. The rest of the com pany were marching down the hill, a man of great physique and an air of utter hopelessness limping painfully In their midst. Still farther down Sylvia saw two men approaching as rapidly as was possible on that steep ascent. It was a moment before her mind was quite clear. As the last leaf of her memory opened she sprang to her feet and examined her skirts for a lurking tarantula. He was not to he found, and she looked in the window of the cabin. More fortunate than Bennett, lie was retreating into his underground cave. Sylvia drew a pro found sigh of relief and went over to succour the wounded. That day's events made a great story on the first page of the "Searcher," but it was Sylvia's last. (The End.) 