NOVEL. The Wonder-Witch by m. e, mcclelland, CHAPTER XVIII. — (OontinnodO Bat when the negroes whiapered about, with horrid insistence, a grim legend of a peddler seen to enter tho wakefield door, but not to oomo out again, the populace deoided that the town was ripo for investigation, . and, summoning official aid, raided the piuua. ice waueneius resisr.ca, ana tnere was a battle, in whioh a man or two were Bhot. This added to tho evil roputo of the place, and it needed only a hideous discovery in one of the cellars, and au incontinent lynohing in tho baakyatd, to give it a char acter whioh would condemn it to isolation from human oooupation forever. Tho agent no longer took tho trouble even to fasten up doors aud windows. Ho knew that in the buoolio imagination, both whito and ool- O tired, tlitt iilum xvnrild nnitpiltlv Lp/iaiy.d il ohoioe rendezvous for ovil spirits and haunts, and the particular stamping ground of the ' devil. As Ruth turned from a side gate into the publio road, she notioed a nephew of her relative's, who lived with her, in a far field, talking to a man on horsebaok. She can tered on briskly, not wishing to be belated. A milo or so on she turned into a cross road whioh dobouohod through a pine forest and was apparently but little used. Tho after noon was sombre, with a dull November shy and intermittent sunshine. The ohill of the air was untouched, and tho earth held the frost of tho previous night, so thut, oxoopt whore fallen pine needles deadened all sound, it rang hard as iron nndor tho horse's hoofs. On either bund the pines, at lejotyled and mnBsive, uplifted columns of bronze, with solemn outhedral effects, enhunoed by the interlacing of dark branches above into impost and aroh, rib nud groin. Through the foliaged intricacies of this mighty roof the light sifted dimly down to tho shadow less oarpet of brown pine needles. Ruth rode slowly, impressed with the silonoo and grandeur of the place and invigorated by the aromatio incense whioh she drew into her lunge. A short distance farthor the woods openod into olear fiolds, enclosed by dilapidated fences, and abandoned to the encroachment of broomsedge and sornb. The road,, inuoh waehed and gnllied, led oirouitously to the old farmhouse in the distance, so Rath loft it and out across through tho fields. Tho house stood bare and forlorn among its do- , nuded trees, tho very upitomo and oentro of an enoompussing desolation. Ruth shuddered as alio looked at it, mildewed over with dcouy, ita sashless win dows goggling into spaoe like o>elcss sockets, its smokeless chimneys eloquent of cold hearthstones below. She did not wou- doz that the place was avoided by all, and was half sorry she had come to it herself. She wrenohed hor mind away from tho wondor whioh of the troos had been used as a gibbet, and roeolutely rooalled tho old tiino, Btriving to fill tho silonoo aud desola tion with tho movements of men and tho glow of camp fires. Tho yard enclosure was gone, but a broken gate poBt stuck up in front, like a last tooth in the jaw of old age. _ B.uih dismounted and fastened her horse to it. The pathway to the houeo was distinot still and wall beaten, but the poroh itself was unsound, and sagged mournfully away from the building. Rath orossed it dubi ously and laid her hand on the door. As sbo did so her horeo whinnied sharply, and sho glanced baok at him, startled. Thero was nothing in sight: so, concluding that the beast was simply protesting agaiuBt being left, she pushed open the door and entered. Tho room to tho right of the hall was tho one in which the jovial general aud his staff had tousted her on thul far away morning. She glanoed at it ourioualy, noting its utter desolation and the dirt and dilapidation I which spoke of its hideous after days. She | proceeded np tho stairway, trying to rovivify old ussoeiuauns and emotions, and failing signally. Tho 'now wsh omnipresent, and for tho thon thero oould be only tho unsnb- stantinlity of u ghm-tly return. It was of Guthrie, not of tho gay youug Confederate, that Ruth thought as she oroseed tho upper hall and entered tho small room in whioh their interview had taken plaoo. Here it was better : tho room was moderatoly oltan, and tbo window, while de nuded of a pane or two of glass, retained ita sashes. The gloom without had lifted a littlo, aud what scant sunshine thero was entered and lay in a segmented squaro on the floor. A Bliubby old table, too forlorn to tompt theft, stood in tho ccntro of tho room, and beside it a brokon-baokod obair, whioh seemed suwohow to turn tbo edge of the general desolation. Ruth seated horself and strove loyally to bring baok tho past, even removing her glovos so that sho might derive inspiration from tho wondor- witoh's ring. So intent was she that she did not notioe the noiseless opening of un inner door, or the cquully noiseless advance of a man in grey uniform. It wus only when a quiet voice said, ' It's pretty hard work oonjur- ing it all baok, isn't it?' that sho looked up in terror, wilh her heart in hor throat, to behold-- tho Confederate 1 For a delirious instant it seomod to her that Bho must be trysting with a ghost, and thon Guthrie's voioo, entreating forgiveness for a sordid triek was in hor ears, and Guthrie's strong bands held hers in their olasp. Thon, in a moment their oyes had uaiI a orAnf. nnnll brobfl nvftr hor. pvnuu) » D"" T — — I and sho was gathered olose in his arms, olinging on hie breast, with his lips seeking hers, and her heart all a-tromble with relief and love and comprehension. OHAPTER XIX. In the first flush of reoognition, the link ing together of her present and past, the realization that this new love of hors was but a delayed growth and blossoming from tho old root, Ruth yielded horself gladly and let love have its way. But after a littlo her omnipresent honesty reasserted itself. She pushed Guthrie from her with a quick exclamation that she had no right, — that ho was the property of another. Guthrie, thanks to a hint from Miss Vandan not utterly at sea, quietly drew her olose again, holding her faco against his breast and explaining that sho herself, and no othor woman, had hold the first place in his heart siuce ihe far » way morning when he hud bidden her faro -veil in tho room down below and loft with her liia pledgo. The neighbourhood had mado a most natural blunder, he affirmed, but one exceedingly annoying to ail parties. Then ha laughed gayly and barto Ruth look to her own flesh and name for Miss Vandan's lover. Fate had given Hugh a chance at retaliation for scores by a bit of Northern conquest, and, if signs went for anything he had embraced his onportunity. Ruth professed horself satisfied, and, hand in baud, they proceeded downstairs, reviving tho past more successfully in company. On their way out, they visited the lower room, whioh by some singular optical delusion ap peared to emerge from the hideousnees of later happenings and even to take on a bit of reflex oheerfuluesu. Guthrio produced tbo roau filly from au outhouse, where she had been stabled (a fact already commented on by tbo descendant of Lapwing), and the pair rodo away to gether. During the ride Guthrie explained Buudry othor matters. At Miss Vandan'B instigation he had Bhaved off his beard, and borrowed Hugh's old uniform, whioh for tunately fitted him fairly well. He had mado an extra early start and come up to the gap that day, halting for a midday rest at a bouse in the notoh. His intention had been to go straight to Miss Randolph's, but bo hud missed liis way a little, aud finally turned aside into » field to interview a boy about il. Wl- ilo talking he had a glimpse of her, on hursobaok, in the road, and lika un inspiration it come over him whero she was going. Previous knowledge of the country, aud a few burrind directions from the boy, enabled him to utilise a short cat, and, by hard riding to got to the goal ahead of her. Hugh bad told him that the house was unoccupied. The roan filly had proved her metal and been safely hidden in the out house full threo minutes before Ruth had emerged from the pine forest. From an upper window he had watohed her approaoh, assured of tho hold which the old time must have on her by hc-r ooming, and also by her weuriug tho hat with tho orossed bayonets. Thon ho put out his hand and took hors and drew the glova from it, that ho might lay his lips to hor fingers as he had done long ago. He drow off tho ring, and then replaced it with, as he said, a deeper sig nificance. And wkilo the horses moved slowly, side by Hide, ho told her a brief resume of its history. (Tub End ) 