Grenfell-Koorawatha Railway Os Wednesday were to be seen a large number ? if men about town, awaiting the arrival of ihe engineer, who had appointed that day for the engagement of hands to proceed with work at this end of the line. Considerable disappoint ment and inconvenience was occasional at the non-appearance of the officer, and of course a week's loss of time to about a hundred men means a good deal. Due reason advanced was, that the necessary plant, &c;, had not arrived. There was a hum of dissatisfaction at the intel ligeuce that fifty per cent, of the labour required is t«: be sent up from Sydney, and twenty-five per cent, from Newcastle, leaving only twenty-five pel cent, for unemployed be longing to this district and those who have been making their way here for some time past. Late in the ovoninsj. the following telegram whs received from Koorawatha, from Mr. Wickham : ' Too many men here already. Will try and give Grenfell end a start on Monday, if possible.' On Wednesday last, Miss Dwyer killed a five foot snake, win'1- ?'»-? making its way into the n.iuse. Mr. R. Kikkpatiuck, until re-ently on the ele icnl staff if Messrs. Hill and Halls', left for Sydney this week, to commence business there, in partnership with his brother. Me. Jamks Madden, who lately disposed of North Brundah to Mr Clements, left here on Monday for his new home at Dandaioo. We are informed that the scrub-cutters at Bimbi have not yet bee.n paid for the month of October, and here we are at the end of Novem ber. Whose fault is this ? The post-office steps and railinc; are all but complete, and may bu pronounced an improve ment. The steps are in a deep embrasure, and will comfortably hold two, as we discovered, when hurrying past the other night. Yes, I'll meet you at the fountain. The appearance of mysterious marks (smelling | loudly of carbolic) upon the lintel and side posts I of doord of certain humble though necessary | buildings, gave rise to much speculation, for it | was evidently the work of something which passed in the night. We are now in a position to allay any anxiety which may have been occa sioned, for after due inquiry we learn that these sprinklings were but traces of the inspector's passover. A sighting was held in the Wesloyan church, ' Grenfell, on Wednesday evening, when the Rev Rainsford Bavin, organizing secretary to the Wesleyan Century Commemoration Fund, deli vered an interesting address. Mr. T. Bembrick presided, and on the platform wore the Revs. G. Paul, E. C. Thomas, and W. E. Crawford, who were among the speakers. The meeting was a most successful one, promises to the amount of £135 were obtained, with a guarantee to bring the total up to £175. The body of a dead child, wrapped in a news paper, was found in a Marrickville tram the other night. —The body of a painter, William Jewell, who had been dead for some days, was discovered in an untenanted house at Bathurst. — John Muller, a miner, while working at Sofala, was killed by a fall of earth on Sunday. — A youth named Alihan, while fishing at Mosquito Bay, w£s washed off the rocks, and drowned. — Miners working in Blayney copper mine com plain of supernatural noises below, and assert that there is a ghost in the workings. — Reports from the early wheat districts in Victoria show that the stripper returns are highly satisfactory. — In response to an advertisement by the Vic torian Government for thirty junior clerks in the public service, 958 applications were re ceived — At the Sydney wool sales this week, greasy reached 17Jd, scoured 28id — The death, from dropsy, is anm- unced, of Lady Salisbury, wife of the British Premier. —The Kaiser's visit to England is unpopular in Germany.— The Khedive of Egypt, will visit England shortly. A 14-year old daughter of Mr. MMastors, residing near Carcoar, wih bitten by a snake on Friday. There were two reptiles in the house, and she succeeded in killing one, but the other bit her on the h.ind. Medical treatment proved guccessful. 