MONICA- <A SEA-SllOUE I0XEL). '•(Concluded from last week.) X GHAPTEE III. BT JIARION DOJWSES. Dawn moke at length on the Teevallyul coast Irs light revealed a group" o£ people on tlie «hore, wiiose wan faces toldof a niglit of agonised 'suspense.? Among them was a stranfrer" who hatl. been washed ashore an hour "before Inl an unconscious state, but who was nowrestored. One who liad brought a briefmessage from tlie sea: "Tell my wife—. say that Paul I<eeson " And one 1 wbo istood among them beard, and in the bearing, knew that the tight of her lifehad gone out—that sJie loved, indeed, but too late. ,;.Ah! those were dreary days that followed. days that merged into weeks and months. A great change had come toi Monica during that time. Her step was slower, her cheek" paler, lier mannereven more , listless; and into her "dark, abundant tresses had come many silvery threads. She seldom spoke of her lost husband, but those wbo lived with her knew that he was never absent from lier; thoughts. She used to take Jong, solitary 3 walks along the beach, always gazing seawards, as though in thef hope of the 1 sea giving up its dead. One day slie wSts -sitting on a Jutting roek, her head bowed, her hands clasped, when a &ij3dea; noise startled lier. She turned, just in time to see a boat, put off from the neighboring pier. Monica felt a strange fascination In watching the head and shoulders of the man in the 1 boat, albeit lie wore a sbarbby greatcoat and a U weed cap,dosely drawn, over bis ears. She wondered vaguely who he was, and what was familiar about bim, then she dismissed him from her mind, and gave herself tip again to her own sad thoughts. Although nearly four months- had passed since the waves bad washed Philip Maitland to the Trevallyn shore, and although his home and bis business layin Sydney and called for bis presence there, he was still ,at the "Trevallyn Hotel."' He was a frequent visitor "to the house on the cliff-top; Indeed, Monica admitted him when she excluded ^tliers, for bad lie not been the last with her Paul? And. wistfully, Moniea used to ask him to tell it all over again, and to try and remember If Panl had not said one word more. Oh, what were the words which the tempest roar had stifled? She had been robbed, cruelly robbed; would tlie sea ever make restoration to lier? Her grief for ber dead husband was so natural, so pitiful, that Philip Maitland honored her all the more for it! For a time. Then he grew weary of it, thought it was time she should dry her tears, time she should lierself tiy to forget Paul, and give some or all of her thoughts to himself instead. All this and more be tried to tell her in his own fashion, but Monica was slow to comprehend his meaning, and when at length she did. both Philip Maitlaud and his proposals met with stich summary dismissal as left him uo "further hope in that quarter. But Paul Leeson was not dead, though by this time the news of bis death had become a thing of the past: though during all this time bis wife refused to be comforted. When that dawn broke, four months ago. be was lying in a cave on the lighthouse beach. Thitlier the waves bad washed their unconscious burden on the preceding night, poising him for an instant on the ridge of the topmost wave which laved the illimitable, sweep of ocean beyond: but as if in humane mood, receding and easting the poor tired bodnt" far. far inland, where it was no more beaten and bruised, bnt lay peacefully, as if indeed in its long last sleep. And to this cave, led by a Higher Guidance than ber own. came the lighthousekeeper's wife, in the first streak of dawn. She liad no special reason for coming—her .husband was sleeping peacefully—but tempted partly by the peaceful beauty of the morning, and partly by vague curiosity, as to what the storm might have driven in. she bad wandered on till she reached the mouth of the cave. There, apparently lifeless, lay the man wbo bad risked bis life for ber husband's. Through the long night she had prayed for his safety. She flung herself down beside bim. drawing .bis cbill body close to her warm breast, and pillowing his head on her shonlder. while deep sobs burst from ber. " "Oil, God," she cried, "give me back his life: be saved my Jack last night." Sbe half-dragged, half-carried, bim out into the warm sunlight: she chafed his limbs till she saw signs of returning life. Then sbe rushed borne for the usual restoratives. At last! at last! Thank God! Paul Leeson draws a long breath and opens bis eyes. He is saved. By and bye be was so far recovered as to be able with her assistance to walk to the lighthouse, which was not very far distant. His first words after he had eaten and rested startled ber somewhat. "Mrs On-, my wife will have beard by this time that I am drowned: you must not let ber know that I am saved." Sbe stared at bim aghast; sbe thought the shock must have deprived him of bis senses. But be went on calmly: "It seems a strange r^auesr, no doubt, but I have a reason for this. Will you swear to me that you will keep my existence a secret until I choose 'to disclose it? It will only be for a time. Promise me." "But, doctor, how can I keep it a secret? People will be sure to find out Where will .you go?" He interrupted ber. "I have planned it aH. I will stay with yon aid your husband; I will disguise myself as an old man, and you can give out that your father has come to visit you. I shall reveal my true self when the time comes. It rests with you and Mr Orr to keep my secret You told me last night, did you not, that you hoped some day to reward ine for saving your husband's life?' "I did, Dr Leeson," she answered. "I can never reward you for that." He smiled. "I don't want any reward, you know well: I only did my duty, and, as a matter of fact, you have rewarded me, for to your care I am indebted for my life. I only reminded you of your words last night, as a plea that you would'grant me this-new favor." There was no belp for it, and Mrs Orr at length unwillingly complied, on condition that the secret was only to.be a temporary one. And though a doctor came oyer nest morning to attend the sick man., and though the boats went hither and thither all day long, and men and women walked over shore and cliff for miles around in search of a lifeless body, no one dreamt Of looking into the lighthouse cellar for a living man. So the weeks/passed, and Mr® Orr and her husband kept the secret Inviolate. More tiftaippep the fisher iofk wondered wbo that Solitary ^boatman might be, r who wore a shabby greatcoat and a tweed ,cap drawn closely over bis ears. But rumor supplied the answer that he was only Mrs Orr's father, and the. sleepy inhabitants of Trevallyn troubled themselves no more about the matter- Letters passed between the selfelected stowaway-at the Hghtbouse and his bankers and agents in Sydney, andmore than one mysterious parcel arrived at the lighthouse for Mr Mann.. •.; , it would have disconcerted - Philip Maitland .rather, had - be known that on the occasions of bis visits to Monica, be was watched, and that regularly as evening fell, a tallyman with a shabby- greatcoat would fasten bis little boat securely on the shore below, and would stand for hours opposite the bouse of tlie late Dr, Leeson. It was .-on the evening o£ Maltland's dismissal by Monies that, -as he banged^to the "gate angrily, abtLstrode across the road, that . this watcher confronted Mm. In the 1 dlnr starlight Matt-'- land -saw beneath a deeply-drawn tweed cap, _ a pair .-of- _ blue eyes" and a heavy white moustache. "P&rdQU; 8ie» trUtwiIl you tell me where Dr. Leeson is to be found?" enquired the .- Maifiand stared atjbfm. "Dt ljee»on! He'is 1 3ead-drowned. , ' ! "Dro^uajr' interrupted ~ be of tite -while moustache? -in a, • shocked volce- "You don't say" that.- When did it happen?*" ' ^ **Oh. four of five months ago,' Maiti bind answered esrelesgiy, "Will you tell aSe tbe ^rcomstanees?" tlie otbfr one asked eagerly. *T am an old friend of his." * Briefly Plnlip Jfcdiiand comptSed, and was moving off impatiently, when the! stranger laid a detaining hand on his sleere.- "What became of tiie-yonng man whom Pan! Leeson threw the life-buoy to? Where is he now?" \- "I "m be!" ''Yon? And,you have remained here ever since? Why, what attraction can a dull hole like this have Sac a young fellow like you ?" . ^ . - - . * - ^ _ Philip Mai Hand's glaaee wandered invoiuntaifiy towards the house he had just left. His companions-eyes followed lils gaxeJ -.•-.-,-?-;•.--' .- "Ah, I see," he remarked'-in an undertone.. "Widow, young, pretty; is not that so'r ; Maitlifad gave the bine eyes and white moustache a quick, penetrating glance, "a. harmless old fdlow," he said to himself. IBs next words came with a jerk, •'Yes, far too pretty and young to waste ber life crying over a dead husband," he answered moodily. "Oh. .but she won'tdo that," answered the other quickly. . "'But she wifl, thongh.^ "How do yon know?" "Know? Haven't I done ail in my power to make ber forget-him?"" ''And yon mean to say that yomdid hot -^oieed ?*' . The voice v bad a far-off sound to the speafcer. "Succeed?*' answered Maitland, bitterly. "To-night, when I spoke plainly of love to her—I hinted of tc enough before—but sbe never would understand me —to-night, when I spoke out plainly, sbe flew at me like a tigress, and told ine to leave her aiid never come near' lier again." "Then she really:loved Paul?" the other said dreamily. The young man started (it the question, and at the questioner. "I don't think we~ have much reason to doubt that," he answered, with a touch of sarcasm.. ' Thegrey-coated man seemed to fall into a reverie, and Philip Maitland. feeling strangely uncomfortable, was agaiti about to move off, when he was again stopped. 'You are the man that Paul I.eeson saved or helped to save?" "I am." "H'm. You feel' grateful to him, no doubt?" "Of course. Why?" Philip addied, impatiently. "A queer old fish, this." he was sayiug to himself;, "where on earth did be spring from?" "Why? Oh, nothing—ouly a rather queer way of expressing one's gratitude br> the dead man—to try and make his wife forget him. 5 -" Philip Maitlaud waited to bear no more. He was several hundred feet away by this time, conscious of a queer, eerie sensation, as of one who had just held communion with a ghost Though the night was a warm one, he shivered from bead to. foot. '"One could fancy it was Leeson himself, if it were not too a"bsurd to think so," be muttered to himself. 'Til clear out of the blessed place by the 'first traiu to-morrow." CHAPTER IT. Left alone, Paul Leeson (for. of course, it was he) stood there half-dazed with joy. Then it was time that Monica loved him—her grief was real—he had made assurance doubly sure to-night. He had wronged his wife by believing she would be happier without him. A wild, passionaie desire to see her face,, to hear lier voice again, came to him theu. He felt be dared not show himself to ber suddenly, for the shock would be too great for ber; he must find some gradual way of doing so. Meanwhile, he must, see her. He turned back to his own old home, opened the gate noiselessly, and entered. There was no one about: the servants of the household usually retired early, but the drawingrooin was lit, and tbe windows were open. Advancing cautiously over the thick grass, Paul reached the verandah. There, completely hidden from view among tlie rose-leaf creeper. Paul stood and gazed upon his wife. Sitting there, with the lamp's rays- full -on her face and on her black dress. So worn and white she looked that the eyes that watched-ber grew misty. She seemed restless, for after idly pulling to pieces the white roses that lay on her lap she walked up and down the room; finally, sbe went over to tbe open piano, and. let her fingers wander over the keys in a purposeless manner. Suddenly she roused herself, and, picking up a numlier of songs, she selected one, and placed It.before her. : Then a moment later her voice, her well-remembered voice,rang out in thrilling sweetness on the still night air. The words were those exquisitely sad and beautiful ones of Jean Ingelow's, and as they fell from the singer's lips, her unseen listener drank them in, every one. "When sparrows build, and. the leaves break forth, My old sorrow wakes and cries; For I know there is dawn in the far, far North, Aud- a scarlet sun doth rise. Lake a scarlet fleece the Enowfielfl spreads, . And the icy founts ran free,. And the bergs begin to bow their heads - ' And plunge and sail in the sea. Oh, my lost love and my own.,own lore And my love that loved me so; • Is there never a chink in the world above Where they listen to. words from below? Nay, I spoke once and I grieved thee sore— I remember all that I said; And now thou wilt hear me no more, ao more, Till the sea gives up her dead. Thou didst set thy foot on the ship, and sail To the icefields and the snow; Thou wert sad, for thy love did not avail, And the end I could not know. How could I tell I should love thee to-day, Whom that day I held not dear? How could I know I should love thee away, When I did not love thee anear? We shall walk no more through the sodden plain, With the faded bents o'erepread; We shall stand no more by the seething main While the dark rack drives overhead. We shall part no more in the wind and rain, .; Where thy last farewell was said, But perhaps I shall meet thee, and know thee again, „ - When the sea gives up her dead." 'More than once Uie singer's voice broke, but she went oa to the end: then her voice died away into a pitiful sob. and, laying her head down on the keys, she gave way to a passionate burst of weeping. By and bye she grew calmer. Did that unseen presence make itself felt? Or did the peaceful beauty of the night woo her? She rose cad came to the open window, stretching out empty arms In the ^darkness. "Oh; Paul, Piaul," she murmured, "my lost love, I do want yon so.- Can you bear me where you are in that world abo ve where they listen to words from below ?" She-drew back alarmed the next moment, and hurriedly closed the window, it eoifld only "be ber nervous fancy, but she: seemed to hear tlie sound of heavy breathing. And Paul? Like a thief, but a thief who has found a wonderful treasure, be. stole away to his boat and to his lighthouse home. Ah,-how he had misjudged her. He had been willing to be dead and iraried, to all intents, as far as shfc was" concerned, in order 'to iet lier free from himself. He had been willing to do this 1 for lier sake; he bad notMoppi^ ttt thihk of the great moral wrong he might have' dohe |*p$by so acting. And, now—-"I do® so roan*, you, Paul," rang in bfe tears like' a peal of joy bells. I'm coming, Mona,*' lie-whispered to himself. * ' How to break the news gently to ber was bis. one anxiety, and to. that end he lay-awake all'night, plotting "and planning- But a way was matte plain to him unexpectedly; for next ^homing news spread throughout Trevallyii that Mrs Leeson was dahgerously 91 with brain fever. .That skme njght a doctor, accomjpaloied by a trained ®irs^;arrlvMl)y the down train from Sydney. After a prolonged conveisatloa with Sms local doctor the case was handed over entirely to tlie care of tills stranger, and he and the nurse wereSiiat evening installed. And through that long nighf of fever the doetor kept watcbr and through all the days and-mghts that followed therft^as always one cry on the fevered Hf»~r-"Ob 1 Paul, E do £D want you; do-come back to me/ r And when the nurse had been sent out of the room, on some pretext or other, the doctor would take tlie flushed Sice between bis white, large palms, and whisper- "Paul is here with you. my darling." Slowly" after several days the fever afrated; slawly. yet surely, strength returned. It - was a iovely sunshiny afternoon. about a fortnight later, and. Monica was lying on a sofa in tbe drawingrooin ; she'had made rapid progress hack to heaKSi during the lasfc'few "days. Presently the nurse entered i bringing some wine and 1 -jelly. She looked, flashed and excited, Monica thought, but she -made no remark.- "I am going- to wheel' yoar sofa round. Mrs Leeson; it will be better for yon to 1 have your back: to the door," nurse said,- when she had arsanged the little repasb on a side table, "There, now, I will- sit opposite j cb- and watch you eat." Monica smiled. "Sou just spoil me^ nurse, with so much attention," she said. "We are all so glad-to have you back again. Mrs Leeson." "Yen don't knowhow near we were to losing you," confined the nurse, settling the sofa cushions as she spoke. "Indeed, if it had net been for the doctor's care and constant presence during those first few days, there would have bees 1 no chance for - yoa." "Did he stay with me ail. the time?" "Yes; while you were- delirious hsiever left your side. In fast, I began tot wonder why hie had brought me, for benever allowed me to do anything that he could do himself. I would have goneback to Sydney straight away, only hetold me that he would have to leave you, as soea as you regained consciousnessaud were out of danger, and that thenhe \- would trust you to no one else but me. So I stayed." "I wonder why he was so good to me?* Monica said, after a little while, "And I wonder why he left me so suddenly ? I suppose he had another patient to go to. and. that was why he left me just when: I became conscious. I do wish I could have seen him, and thanked bim. Yoa say he is coming to see me to-day, nurse?" "Yes. Mrs Leeson. He came down by this morning's tram. He will be here any moment now." And tbe nurse, as she spoke, gave a furtive glance towards the-- heaw plush hangings in the doorway. "You. will think me very absurd and fanciful," Monica resumed; "but, somehow, that doctor, even while I was halfconscioiis, did so remind me of my husband who was drowned." -D;d he? How strange! In what way?" "Oh. in many ways. His voice—the 'touch of his bands—even his face was something like Paul's., as well as I can remember it—only lie is older than PauL Did you not say he wears a white moustache?" "Yes r but I think he is not an old man, for all that." "Yes," continued Monica, musingly; "ofteiiVwhen I was so ill, I could fancy it was Paul who placed his hand on my hot face, and-1 used to go to sleep feeling quite rested. Oh, 1 think I should never have got. better, nurse, only that in. my worst times Paul seemed to bend, over me, and whisper, 'My darling, Paul is here with you. You must get better for his sake.' * Of course, it was only my sick fancy, but it seemed so real to me them I am more at peace when I think about Paul now; I feel that he knows that I love him. I think I always did, you know: but it was not until that night when he went out into the storm, that I knew bow much." Her voicetrembled. and she paused. Again the nurse's eyes wandered to the plush draperies at the door, and- as if obeying some secret sign, she bent towards Monica, and asked suddenly, and. as if with an effort. "Mrs Leeson,- are y<fequite—quite sure that your husband was drowned ?"- Moniea started and looked up quickly. "What an absurd question," she said, almost angrily. "What is the matter, nurse? You are trembling, and your faee is crimson." "Would it surprise you—I mean, would, it—could you bear to know that—that—"• "What "do you mean?" For Monica, in her feverish excitement, had risen, and stood there trembling, from head to foot. It was iii vain that the nurse tried tt> calm her. "Tell me—you must—what— what— Ob. am I dreaming—is it? Oh, Paul, Paul!" And sbe staggered forward. 'as a tall form, with outstretched arms and smiling face, emerged from, the recesses of the curtained doorway. "Mbnlca. my wife!" 