It is highly gratifying to note, the many distinct and unmistakable signs of a min ing revival in and around the Ballarat dis trict, and of an increase of public confi- dence and interest in our mining resour ces. We have noted the reopening of old workings that had been abandoned for years, the exploiting of new areas, and the coming forward of British syndicates to develop large tracts of country which show splendid prospects, and rarely perhaps has the mining industry shown brighter pro mise than at present. Yesterday we had ■to'* report a seemingly important -dis covery- about two miles south-east of Piggoreet, in what was - purely virgin country so far as quartz mining is concerned, and this followed upon a similar notable find of rich speci mens of stone at Bald Hills. Berringa and the adjacent districts still present "wide spreading vistas of golden promise," and if only a fair percentage of the sanguine expectations formed should be realised, will prove a scene of mining activity bn a very large scale. All around there are indications of a determination to thor oughly exploiter the resources of the dis trict. In this connection the prospective attention to dredging is likely to help on the improvement in the output of gold very materially. The Minister of Mines was justified in taking a sanguine view of the results likely to be obtained in this way within a radius of some eight or ten miles round Ballarat. Possibly in this respect some of the more extravagant hopes as to the probable effects of dredg ing in Victoria generally are doomed to disappointment. They are based in.many cases upon the assumption that gold can be won from the beds of Victorian streams just as easily as from those in New Zea land, and that the results should under ordinary circumstances prove as remuner ative. In New Zealand some 300 dredging plants are in operation, and in many in stances are yielding profit up to 100 per cent., although in some cases as much as 25 per cent, of the float gold is lost in the silt. Eeliable figures show that 75 per cent, of the dredges in the province of Otago pay dividends, and that river and creek mining rights are so very valuable that any remissness in keeping strictly to regulations involves litigation with objec tors anxious to gain possession of coveted areas. Tho dredging and sluicing proces ses; have, indeed, revitalised mining in some districts. The cheapness with which the dredges are worked is the great point in its favor. Threepence worth of gold to the cubic yard of stuff will, it is.said, pay ordinary expenses, and one dredge in New Zealand is reported to have won as much as a thousand ounces in a week. A typical dredge is dewribed,Hwhich-is easily worked by six men 24 boars fyvthe day, at a total cost of 8 oz of gold per .week, one grain’and a quarter paying all ■ operating expenses. This puts out of comparison the cheapest of the gold .extracting- systems in other forms of the mining industry.,,.r-There is, in fact, no question as to New./ Zealand having discovered in . river dredging and sluicing operations a -most profitable ex tension of mining operations, and it is largely due to that fact that there has been such a marked increase in the gold output, as indicated by the report that the yield of the first quarter of the year •was 35,928 oz, as against 12,647 oz for the corresponding quarter of last year. The whole year's yield is expected to be worth a million sterling, and we must go back 22 years in the history of the industry to find a precedent for this figure. It is to be re cognised, of course, that the conditions of Victorian streams differ materially from those of the Clutha”, Molyneaux, and other rivers in New Zealand in which dredging is carried on, but machinery and appliances will assuredly be adarited to local conditions, with the result that prob ably at no distant date many now useless stretches of alluvial flats, as well as river beds and creeks, will be rendered scenes of busy mining industry. Asa step in this direction, the formation of companies to engage in dredging in the Yarrowee and other local creeks is to be cordially wel comed. The prospectus of one of these, which has been published in full in our columns, explains that the method propos ed to be applied will be on the hydraulic dredging principle, similar to that now in operation at Staghorn Plat, Yackandan dah, owned by the Hon. J. A. Wallace, M.L.C., the profits from which amounted to .£20,000 for eight months of last year, as publicly stated by that gentleman. There are unquestionably other parts of the colony, and notably in this district, in which equally satisfactory results should obtainable, if the facilities for applying these processes were available, and it is somewhat strange that in a colony so pro gressive as Victoria there should have been such a comparative lack of enterprise and advancement in this particular branch of mining industry. Possibly the tendency for the time will be to err in the opposite direction, and unduly " boom ” dredging all over the colony; but as far as the more important projects in this district are con cerned prospects are decidedly hopeful, and promising, and warrant the Minister’s view that the new form of mining could be pursued to the greatest advantage, and with every facility in Ballarat, and his as surance to the people of Ballarat that it would bo to their advantage to take advan tage of their magnificent water supply to encourage dredging, which-he was certain could be carried on without' injuring any other interest. Fifty electors' rights have been issued by Mr It. B. Mich ell, the deputy electoral registrar in Ballarat Bast, since the Ist May, in connection with the federal re ferendum to be taken to-morrow. The number on the ratepayers’ roll for the Electoral District of Ballarat East is 2540, and on the general roll S6l, so that the total number of electors in the district, including the fifty referred to, is 3451. This total will probably be increased to day, when it is expected a number of ad ditional rights will be issued. Tho federal meeting at the Mining Ex change last night was not as well attended as was expected, despite the fact that three such well-known men as the Chief Secretary, Sir Henry Wrixon, and Mr A. Deakin were billed to speak. These gen tlemen made stirring appeals to the audience not to let the poll in this district fall behind that of last year, and their ef forts were directed to this object rather than to arguing any of the debatable clauses of the bill. The meeting, which was presided over by the Hon. It. T. Vale, M.L.A., pledged itself to use every effort to make the vote in Ballarat a record one, and having -done so adjourned. A full re port will be found elsewhere. The Australian Eleven commenced the return match with Surrey on Monday.- The county team -was weakened by the ab sence of Hayward, who was taken ill dur ing the recent test match. The Surrey men went first to the wickets, but the pitch being rather difficult, Trumble had the batsmen at his mercy, and the innings closed for 112 runs, eight of,the wickets having been captured by Trumble at the small cost of 35 runs. The Australians also made a. poor start, four wickets being down when the total was only 44. Darl ing and Gregory, however, rose to the oc casion, and the century was hoisted before another wicket fell. At the close of the day’s play, the Australians total "stood at 159 for the loss of eight wickets. A re port of the match appears elsewhere. Mr Miller, inspector of the Neglected Children’s Department, arrived from Brookside on Monday evening, he having since Saturday visited Mrs Eowe, the foundress of the reformatory there, at her residence at Glenfine. Mr Miller is of course pleased to find that the allegations made by the escapees were not borne ont, upon investigation, and his report will contain a complete vindication of the management of the institution. Curiously enough, however, no mention ' of the sinking of the tank, which Mr Miller , in an interview with a Mel bourne journal, stated that he saw being carried on by the girls, adding that "they rather appeared to enjoy the fun of the thing,’’ was made during the investigation, and that part of the matter appears to havo been thought not worthy of notice, or else was overlooked. The matter, ac cording to the official view of it, appears to have arisen from the dissatisfaction of some teamsters who were formerly in the habit of camping in a water reserve at one end of the reformatory grounds. , Owing to representations made about this re serve, it was abolished, and the ground in cluded in the reformatory area, thus giv ing the management power to remove any one whom they found trespassing. As the reserve was well grassed and watered there was, of course, an outcry against its be ing abolished, and from this, so it is as serted, the complaints, from being general, grew into statements concerning the over working of the girls, and the rumor spreading culminated, apart from the fact of the girls absconding, info more or less definite assertions of ill- treatment. Hut in connection with the girls’ escape, and the statement that they were not. cut ting .timber, but merely gathering brush wood on the day in question, it is stated on _good authority that one of .the- ques tions asked them when they arrived at •Newtown was “what did you do with the axes?’’ to which they replied that they had planted them in the creek. Though •the girls appear to have been proved cap able of telling the most arrant falsehoods, the question and,answer seem to be highly significant, that is presuming they actually passed. Mr Miller left yesterday for Portland, - where he will inspect another reformatory that ' has been established near there by Mrs Eowe. The quarterly returns from the City Court show that during the three months ending 30th June 402 cases were listed,- of which 175 were criminal and 227 civil. 7s 5d was claimed, and .£955 award ed in the civil cases. —Of the criminal cases, 6 were for indictable offences, but there was only one committed under the summary jurisdiction of the court; 9 of fences were against the person, 8 against property, 46 drunkenness, and 34 against the public, police, and good order; and.72 were listed as other offences. Out of the 175 thus made up; there were 145 convic tions. In addition to the above 9 gar nishee summonses were heard, 3 mainten ance cases, 4 judgment summonses, 2 fraud summonses, 1 insolvency examina tion, and 1 interpleader. Also 17 certifi cates and licenses were granted, and 7 lunatics were committed to custody. Mr Dennant, inspector of Technical Schools, yesterday visited the School of Mines, where he inspected the new chemi cal laboratory which has just been com pleted by the counciP of the institution, and which will accommodate sorfte thirty of the senior students, and allow them to pursue their studies uninterrupted by the juniors. Mr Dennant expressed himself as highly pleased with the accommodation provided, and especially with the amount of working space allowed to each student, and also with the general arrangements of. the laboratory, and the precautions taken,.to ensure a healthy atmosphere. Messrs' H. Josephs, 1.-Pearce;*and W. Gale, J.’sP., presided at the Town Court yesterday, when a well-known character in Ballarat East named Annie Hawkes ap peared, charged with having used obscene language on Monday night in Main street. Plain-clothes Constable Montague, who ar rested the accused, gave evidence to the dffect that she was behaving in a very dis orderly manner at the Sir Henry-Barkly hotel, and made use of bad language. The accused pleaded not guilty, and sent for Mr T. Barrett, licensee of the hotel, to give evidenco in her behalf. Mr Barrett, however,, corroborated Gonstable Monta gue's evidence," and the accused was fined 20s, in default seven days’ imprisonment. John -Duggan was proceeded against ~by Constable StewarE for .not having his name and address'on' His dray, and was fined 2s 6d. Constable • Hayes also proceeded against John Alexander for leaving his horse and vehicle standing in the street without taking the precaution of fastening one of the wheels by means of a chain or strap. A fine of 5s was imposed. A man of disorderly appearance named Francis Fleming.was charged with having behaved in an indecent manner in Main street on Monday night. Constable O’Brien, who arrested'the accused, gave evidence in sup port of the charge, and a fine of 20s, in default seven days’ imprisonment, was im posed. . The issue of electors’ rights has been pro ceeding steadily at the City registrar’s office, and up to the present' 150 have been applied for for the Ballarat West division of the electorate, which includes Bungaree West and Black Hill. The number of ratepaying electors .on the rolls is 4G91 and that on the general lists 1139, making a total of 5833 votes that may be polled to morrow independently of the recently is sued rights. It is considered likely that some new candidates for municipal honors will pre sent themselves for election in Ballarat Bast next month, and Messrs W. Young, produce merchant, of Main road, and George Farfner, ham and bacon curer, of Eureka street, have been mentioned as probable competitors of the central ward, and Mr George Glcndinning, wood mer chant, for the north ward. The retiring councillors are Crs James for the central ward, Pearce for the south, and Peady for .the north. Avery interesting lecture on Milton was given at the St. John’s Sunday sohool Hall, Peel street, last night, by the Rev. M. G. Hart. There was' a large at tendance, Mr John Murray presiding. Mr Hart gave a short..account of the poet’s history and noble character and works. He described Milton as the greatest of English poets, and dwelt on the sublimity of his compositions. He also recited a number of extracts froip the poot’s most admired and famous (Works in a very effective manner. He re ferred particularly to the high moral tone of Milton’s works, which, he said, differed in 'that respect from those of all the other English poets, with perhaps the exception of Tennyson’s. Mr Hart was accorded a hearty vote bf thanks 'at the close of his lecture. The City firebell rang out one dong last night in consequence of a '.chimney in Doveton street becoming ignited; At the City Court yesterday, Mr B. E. Johns, P.M., presided. A maintenance case of Johanna Little versus John Little, was dismissed, as defendant proved to the court that he had no means with which to support his children. Constable Gierck proceeded against Thomas Berry for ne glecting to cause his child to be vaccinat ed, and defendant was fined £2, in default fourteen days. Two other cases against Alfred'Smith and John Baird were post .poned until the 25th August to allow of the children being vaccinated. Henry Coleman and Neil Matterson were each fined £2, in default fourteen days, for the same offence. , The friends of Mrs Moran, wife of Mr L. Moran, ex-sergeant of police, will re gret to learn that she died yesterday. Though the end came somewhat suddenly it was by no means unexpected, as the de ceased lady had previously gone through a long and dangerous illness. Mrs Moran was esteemed by a large circle of friends and acquaintances, all of whom will sympathise with Mr Moran and the other members of the family. Avery pleasant evening was spent at St. Peter’s School Hall, Sturt street, last night, when Mr Laurence Richardson gave an interesting lecture on Mendels sohn, and rendered several selections from the great composer's works. The Rev. J. W. Griffiths, ALA., presided. The follow ing enjoyable programme in addition to the lecture was gone through, and heartily appreciated by the large audience:—Piano solo. Andante and Allegro—Op. 16 and Cap -riccio—Op. 10, Mr Laurence Richardson; songs, The First Violet and Cradle Song, "Miss Adela Tunbridge; Recit. and air (Elijah), Ye People Rend Your Hearts and If With All Your Hearts, Mr W. J. Pul lum; violin solo, Andante from E minor Concerto, Mis3 Zelma Wittkowski; duets, Greeting and May Bells and the Flowers, by the choristers; air, For Know Ye Not? (St. Paul), Mr S. Bailey Fisher; recit. and air, Sing Ye Praise and He Counteth All Your Sorrows, Mr G. Crocker; Duet and chorus, Now Wo Are Ambassadors (St. Paul), an'/ W. H. Middle ton and How Lovely are the Messengers, Church Choir. The young man Archibald Black, who was on Monday night arrested by Con stable Slater in Armstrong street on a charge of James Cobden and using obscene language, was presented at the City Court yesterday before Mr Johns, P.M. He pleaded guilty to both charges, and the offence having been proved to be an aggravated one, lie was sentenced to three days’ imprisonment on the first charge, and on the second he was fined „£2, in default fourteen days’ imprisonment. An engine competition was held at the City Fire Brigade Hall last night, among the members of the brigade, for trophies presented by Messrs Dawson and J. Green way. There were 19 competitors, and the winners were Messrs G. Williams and G. Thomas, Messrs H. Bunee and W» MTlay being the runners-up. The adjourned meeting of the St. Pat rick’s Old Boys’ Association was held on Sunday afternoon at the college, when about eighty past pupils were present. Tho Rev. Br AFCarthy (superior of the college) occupied the chair. The code of rules as drawn up by the committee ap pointed for that purpose was adopted, with a few slight additions. Two general meetings will be held annually in the months of Juno and December, whilst the members may fiom time to time be enter tained as determined upon. The qualifi cations for membership require that mem bers should have been educated at any establishment conducted by the Brothers or by the Holy Ghost Fathers, whilst they were in charge of St. Patrick’s College. Tho election of officers for the ensuing half-year took place, resulting as follows: —Patron, the Rev. Dr Moore; president, the Rev. Br M'Carthy; vice-presidents (2), the Rev. Dr M’Manamny and Mr A. W. Hager; secretary, Mr W. Martin; treasurer, Air E. J. Hayden; committee, tho Revs. J. J. Ryan and Br Egan,- and Messrs J. Meehan, T. Kane, W. T. Casey, A. A. O'Dea, and T. Carey; auditors, | Messrs J. Shelley and R. J. Miller. • Air Wm. Kyle, late inspector of stock for- I Geelong and the Western district, has de- I cided to seek election .for the vacant seat I in the Council of Agriculture, caused by the death of the late Hon. J. H. Connor. . ■ Mr Robert Carroll, who is well known to I the Ballarat public, and who has also for tho past 36 years been closely identified |-with the Lydiard street Wesleyan Sunday School, is at present suffering .from severe | .indisposition? Jn view of his long and valued service m the infant division of the Sunday School,“a meeting of the pro minent workers in the church and school was held in the new vestibule last even ing, when it was decided to tender the veteran teacher a complimentary benefit concert. Cr J. J. Brokensliire was ap pointed .chairman, and Mr Jas. Lanyon hon. secretary. It was decided to fix' the dato of the ‘Concert for 18th August, and to seek the support of the leading musical and literary talent of the City. Tickets have already been applied for, and various promises of. assistance have been made. Two members of the committee have offer-- ed prizes to the children who succeed in disposing of the greatest number of tickets. , . " Much interest is being manifested in the visit of Mr C. F. Reeve, the pioneer and. director of the Poona and Indian village mission. Owing to many • engagements the meeting to bo held Friday night, at St, John’s Church, Peel street, will be the only week night meeting. Air Reeve will preach in the Baptist Church on Sunday. These will be the only opportunities of hearing of one of the most interesting of modern missions. Th'e friends of Air J. Murphy, licensee of the Havilali hotel, ’Victoria street, Balla rat East, who underwent a critical opera tion last week, will be glad to learn that his condition is now greatly improved, and hopes are entertained of 'his complete re covery. Avery enjoyable Evening with Shakes peare was held last night at the Me chanics’ Institute, under the auspices of the Ballarat Shakespeare Society. Pro ceedings were opened with a few introduc tory remarks by the hon. secretary, Mr Paine, and the following programme was then disposed of to the satisfaction of all: —Scene, “King Lear,” act 1, scene . I. King Lear, Air A. B. Floam; Earl of Kent, Air H. Cohen; Earl of Gloster, Air F. Alonaghan; King of Erance, Air W. Wheal; Duke of Burgundy, Air P. Colt man; Duke of Albany, Air H. Wickinj; Goneril, Aliss Powell; Regan, Aliss John son; Cordelia, AHss Koppers. Miss Wind burn sang with much expression the waltz song from Gounod’s “Romeo et Juliette.” Airs W. L. Paine was recalled for her re cital from “King John.” Mr A. E. Cut ter rendered a vocal number with good ex pression. Scene—“Alerchant of Venice,” act 2, scene 2.—01d Gobbo, Mr W. Whid burn; Launcelot Gobbo, Mr T. Little; Bassanio, Air H. Seidel. Mr A. B. Flohm was encored for his interpretation of Lord Somerset’s song, Echo; .arid a similar com pliment was accorded Mr W. i LwPaino, who recited, "The Fall of Wolsey, _Henry VIII., act 3. Miss Veitch rendered Chaim nade’s" Silver Ring arid Scott Gatty s j Wi'riter very nicely, and the concert_closea with 'scene from "As. You Like It,. m which the following members appeared: Rosalind,' Miss Spielvogel; Ceha, Miss Peters; Duke Frederick, Mr T. Boulton. Mr J. Robson spoke a few words in praise of the society, whose membership now numbered 60, and'who invited all lovers .or. Shakespeare to become associated with them. ' A Revision Court was held in the Town Hall, Ballarat East, yesterday morning-by;, the Mayor (Cr Murphy, M.L.A.), and vri Pearce, James, and Johnston, for the pur pose of revising the municipal ratepayer j. roll. No objections, or claims were re ceived, and the.roll was. certified to correct. ' p Tho attendance of the 26 magistrates holding commissions in the City has, dur ing the quarter; ending 30th June, been as follows:—Mr"Johns; 'P.M.;'43; Mr Dick son, P.M. (relieving), 8; Mr H. F. Elliott, 33; Mr Wliykes, 16; Mr J. P. Murray, lo; Messrs Acheson and Curthoys, 14; Messrs D. Cooke and S.. Morrisfci, 13; Mr W. N). Longhurst, 12; Messrs J. Heinz, Hurds field, Thompson, 'arid Coltman, 7; Mr Archer, 6; Messrs.G. Coutts W. Graham, and W. Penriewan,. 5; Messrs Greenfield, J. S. M’Donald, and R. Pearse, 4; Messrs W. Little and W. B. George, 3; Messrs C. C. Shoppee, J. M., Bickett, and J. L. Anderson, 2. . . , A sitting of the Warden’s Court will be held this morning, when half-a-dozeri cases are listed for adjudication. The Rev. Henry Howard will give in tho Neil street Lecture Hall, at half-past 7 o’clock this evening, the sixth study in the present course on Spiritual Dynamics, or Christianity as an Applied Force. A large gathering is .expected at to-night s meeting. ’ . The “Review of Reviews’’for Jul;y gives prominence to an article by C. B. Fry on the first test match in England. sor Tucker contributes a characteristically thoughtful and able dissertation on Aus tralian Poetry; West Australian Federal prospects, are glanced at by'Mr W. James, M.L.A.; and in Some Pages of a Busy Life, Mr W. T... Stead reviews the notable incidents of the month of Juno. The Yellow Puzzle—What should be. done, with China, is the subject-of the principal view,-and the other contents of the num ber are of as wide and diverse interest as usual. . A-splendid display of trophies presented to the Rubicon street Sunday ’ School Cricket Club is now on view at the estab lishment of Mr John Whykes, tailor, Sturt street. 