PosBLilsED. EVERT TUEnDAT AND FRIDAY. 87th Year. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1899. The supplement issued with the " Horsham Times" of this morning contains, beside the customary instalment of the popular serial story, Love in a tMask, and a mass of interest, ing literary matter, the following items of in teresting news :-A Sad Drowning Accident, Terrible Mining Fatalities, Killed by Light ning. A Cannibalistic Feast,About Stinkwort, C.Y.M.S., Kalkee West Board of Advice. The debate on the Women's Suffrage Bill was resumed in the Legislative Council on Wednesday. A number of speeches both for and against the measure were delivered, and the. House divided with the result. that the billwas rejected by a majority of ten votes, the numbers being-For, 17; against, 27. In the Assembly Sir Bryan O'Loghlen proposed to move that the House could not sanction the proposal to reduce the Income Tax minimum from £200 to £100-a proposal condemned on all bands. The Premier was prepared to dis. cuss the amendment, which, however, the chairman ruled out of order. Sir Bryan, who later on had an opportunity to do so, did not press the amendment. The annual meeting of the Horsham Butter rFactory Company will be held in the Town Hall to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock. It is scarcely necessary to suggest that shareholders by. attending the meeting in large numbers will show their interest in the business, which is at a critical stage, and the maintenance of which as agoing concern is of the utmost im portance to the district. Speaking at the entertainment given to Mr. R. P. Bennett at the Royal Hotel on Tuesday evening Mr. T. J. Noske, of Kornhein, insist. ing upon the great possibilities-of sheep-breed ing in the Wimmera, mentioned that he had just received an advice that a truck of lambs, between three and four months old, the results of a Shropshire and crossbred cross, bred in his district, had been sold in the Ballarat market at an eerage of 12s 3d..many of the lambs fetching a higher figure. 'This is certainly an excelleqt price, leaving a substantial margin of profit. Several sheep fattened by Mr. Joseph Nattrass, of Garup, and sold to a Horsham butcher, when slaughtered a day or so since, turned the scale at 111 lbs., 109 lbs., 106 lbs. and 99 lbs. respectively, whilst the entire lot from which they were taken averaged 97 lbs. This fine record speaks eloquently of the rich ness-of the-land upon which the sheep were fattened. It will be learnt with much regret that Mr. S. B. Bolton, J.P., who is seriously ill in Melbourne, on Wednesday experienced a change for the worse. His condition now is such as to cause his friends much anxiety. The warm dry weather continues, and though rain has threatened often it has not yet fallen. Rain appeared most imminent yesterday, when there was a falling barometer, but up to the time of going to press only a few drops had fallen The following are the meteorological registra. tions at the Horsham Post Office, the reading in each case being for the previous 24 hours : - 5th September, maximum shade, 68; minimum shade, 36 ; maximum sun, 150. 6th, maximum shade, 65; minimum shade, 42; maximum sun, 149 ; 7th, maximum shade, 67 ; minimum shade, 47; maximum sun, 144. Miss Bennett, who has left for Geelong, en route to Terang, where she will reside with her brother, Mr. R. P. Bennett, was a diligent and useful worker in connection with St. John's Church of England Sunday school at Horsham. Those lately her fellow teachers have, to mark the regard in which they hold her, presented her with a handsomely bound Bible, suitably inscribed. Miss Bennett was foremost in all good work in the town, and her loss will be especially felt by the Horsham Ladies' Benevolent Society, of which she was the hon. secretary. Our Melbourne correspondent advises that it is stated in well-informed circles that H.R.H. the Duke of Connaught will probably visit Australia next year when, after the pas sage of the Federal Enabling Bill, the first Governor-General will be installed. Our correspondent at Noradjuha writes: Mr. W. Cook, of this district, has had the misfortune to lose his valuable draughtstallion, being compelled to shoot it, owing to its be coming paralysed in its hind quarters. Amongst 29 missionaries for India, to whom a farewell was tendered in the Baptist Church at Petersham (Sydney), on Tuesday evening, and who sailed in the Karlsruhe on the follow ing day, were the Misses Lucy and Lilian Morrison, formerly of Horsham, where they were prominently and usefully connected with St. John's Church of England and Sunday school, and the various church agencies. Miss Lucy Morrison was for some time church organist. Mr. A. E. Arnott, formerly a banker there, and Miss McCormick, to whom he is to be married, have left Hamilton for Shanghai, where they will undergo two years' training for missionary work in China, for which they have volunteered. Mr. Arnott was promi nently identified with the Hamilton Presby terian Church. The adjourned annual and ordinary meetings of the Arapiles Shire Council will he held, at Noradjuha, on Tuesday. The following are the train arrangements in connection with the annual show of the Heor sham and Wimmera District Agricultural and Pastoral Society's show on the 22nd Ssptem be; :--A special train, stopping at all stations, will-leave Noradjuha at 9 a.m. for Horsham, arriving at HEorsham at 10.40 a.m. The return journey to?Natimuk, Noradjuha and Goroke will be made at 6 p.m. In order to suit the convenience of visitors from Muton, WVar racknabeal and other towns, the train which leaves Horsham at 4.35 p.m. will be detained till 5 p.m. Already a large number of entries have beea?si'eeed. Our Blackheath correspondent writes :-Mr. James White, of Blackheath, has been un fortunate enough to loose his little daughter Alice, aged 11 years. The cause of death was an attack of quinsy and croup. The little girl wasthe brightest and gayest among her play mates and so will be the greater missed. The greatest sympathy if felt for the bereaved family as well as grief for the loss to her young friends of so bright a little life. The famous company of Jubilee Singers,who have recently concluded a most successful tour through New Zealand, will give a performance in the Horsham Mechanics' Hall on Friday evening next, and a rare musical treat is promised. The principal feature of the pro gramme, in addition to the musical element, is a presentation of the Passion Play. Referring to the scenes an exchange says:-" The thieves are seen on two crosses, in the centre is the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ lying on the ground. The Saviour is placed and fastened to the cross, and so realistic is the scene, that one can almost see the nails pierce the flesh as they are driven into Hi hands. The cross is raised by willing hands and firmly fixed in the earth. The crowd are seen to mock and jeer at the Saviour. The inscription is then nailed on the cross. Our Saviour makes a sign for a drink, and a sponge is then placed on a spear and raised to his lips. He is seen to bow His head and give up the ghost. The scene changes, the heavens darken, lightning flashes, and the earth is rent with eruption." Such realism, added to the intrinsic interest of the subject cannot fail to make a profound impression on the audience. An exhibition of Edison's latest edition of the phonograph is also included in the entertainment. '" Our Maori Brother" was the subject of an interesting and entertaining lecture given by Mr. Percy Lusmore, at the Horsham Fire Bri gade Hall, under the auspices of the Horsham branch A.N.A., on Tuesday evening. The lucid and thorough manner in which the lec turer, who for some years took an active part in the doings of the Maori, placed before his audience the various modes of living and habits of the dark brethren was much enjoyed. The principles of Maori law was a topic fully dealt upon by Mr. Lusmore, as was also the com parison between the white and the black race of the island and of their doings in general. The lecture was punctuated by applause, by a large number of listeners, mostly ladies. On the motion of Mr. W. F. Allan, seconded by Mr. B. T. Pearse, a hearty vote of thanks was ac corded the lecturer. The Horsham Borough Council has started emu farming orra modest scale, but with so far satisfactory result, at the Botanical Gardens. Some little time since the female of the two birds that for a long time formed the nucleus of the farm, having laid half a dozen eggs, died. Of the eggs laid only one was preserved, and upon this the male bird-who, under nor mal conditions, takes its turn with his mate to hatch the eggs-has since sat. His well-inten tioned labors have not so far been resultful, but his responsibilities have been greatly in creased. On Sunday last a party of Horsham gentlemen on a visit to Wartook were fortu nate enough to come across a nest of seven emu eggs. One of these broken displayed a healthy young emu. This, together with the five unbroken eggs, the party presented to the Botanical Gardens. A second egg has since yielded a second young emu, and on the five others the male emu is now sitting. A herd of half-a-dozen emu would add greatly to the attractiveness of the Gardens, and in the de velopment of this the curator, Mr. T. Brown, is showing much interest. The machinery of the Union Flour Mill, at Horsham, formerly known as Clark's, and which has not been in active work since the liquidation of the Union Milling Company some four years' since, has been dismantled. On Monday the large boiler, weighing about five tons, was successfully shifted and jinkered for transmission to Ballarat, where it is to be repaired. Messrs. Brokenshire and Coulton, of Ballarat, are the purchasers. It is stated that the whole of the machinery is to to transferred to that city. Mrs. Thomas J. Crouch forwarded to the St. Kilda Council on Tuesday evening an en larged photo of her late husband, who was a councillor of the city from 1867 to 1874, and was mayor during the year 1871-72. The mayor (Coutcillor -A. E. Kemp) in receiving the gift, highly eulogised the public services of the late Mr. Crouch, whose son Mr. H. C. Crouch, B.C.E., engineer and town clerk at Horsham, is. Some anxiety has been caused as to the safety of a Chinaman, evidently of weak intel lect, who absented himself from the Horsham District Hospital, of which institution he was an inmate, on Tuesday evening. On former occasions, and under similar conditions, the man has left the hospital. Up to the present no news has been received of his whereabouts. It is believed by the police, who have the matter in hand, that he has gone to Dooen, at which place, it is said, he has friends. The Winter Assizes will be held at Horsham on Tuesday, Justice Sir Hartley Williams presiding. There is no criminal business. The civil business is constituted by the action of Dodd and Lewis against C. F. Jorgenson, to enforce the specific performance of a contract, and,in the alternative for the recovery of £3500 damages, and the divorce suit of Hamil v. Hamil, Anderson correspondent. The monthly meeting of the Council of the Horsham Working lMen's College was held on Wednesday evening. Mr. A. Arnott was voted to the chair in the absence in Melbourne of Mr. Cathcart. The director announced the receipt from the Education Department of two cases of plaster casts. Mr. Hamilton moved, and Dr. Ritchie seconded, a motion conveying the congratulations of the council to Mr. Ar nott on the occasion of his unanimous election to the position of Mayor of Horsham. Mir. Arnott suitably responded. The secretary was instructed to give full information to gentleman who is desirous of coming to Hoer. sham to practice as a veterinary surgeon. Ac counts to the amount 'of £21 Os 11d were passed for payment. Some discussion took place on the question of the introduction of the teaching of cookery and other subjects, and the meeting closed. Mlr. J. L. Bourband, clerk in Police Super intentdent Larkan's office at Stawell, has(says the "Times ") patented an "Improved Cycle hook" for boots. The improvement consists of a pully inserted in the hook which should, in addition to the saving of shoe-laces, give a good deal of flexibility, and for these reasons Mlr. Bourbaud is sanguine that he has hit upon a "good thing," which opinion we are dis posed to endorse. Horsham is about to receive a visit from Commandant Booth, youngest son of General Booth, and head of the Salvation Army in the colonies. The commandant is delivering his famous lecture on Social Salvation in the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday next, 14th inst. The lecture will be illustrated with some remarkable life model slides, shown by a powerful triple extension lantern, the only one of its kind in the Southern Hemisphere. There will'likewise be a number of living pictures shown, by the kinomatographe, illustrative of how the Army deals with the different criminal classes, the out of-works and unfortunates at the various institutions. The whole thingis a most unique combination, and has caused much favorable comment wherever given. Several meetings have been held in the Arapiles Shire for the purpose of urging upon the Minister of Lands to make available for selection land known as Blue Block K. At amesting held at Nurrabiel on Monday, it was decided to seek the co-operation of the Arapiles Shire Council. In connection with the Natimuk Show,to be held on Wednesday next, a special train at excursion fares will be run from Horshan, leaving at 12.15 p.m. Entries for the show close with the secretary, Mr. Ronald Keifel, to-morrow, and after that date upon payment of extra entry fees. Mrs. Ken Fong Tong, a native of China, the only Chinese woman who ever resided there, died at WVarracknabeal on Monday. Mir. A. Beaumont, son of Mr. WV. Beau. mont, of Horsham, was presented with a hand some silverchain last Fridayevening, being a small token given by several of his friends prior to his departure for Geelong, where he has secured a good appointment. The young people met at his father's residence, spending the evening by a veryenjoyable social, during which the Rev. John Stafford made the pre sentation. Mr. A. Beaumont le trainon Monday. The annual examination of.the Noradjuha State school was held on Tuesday by Inspector Cavanagh, M.A., when the.possible 100 per cent. was obtained. The teachers, Mr. Hamil ton, and the Misses Treadwell, deserve much credit for this result. Our Melbourne correspondent advised last night that Mr. Debney, who is the representative of the Horsham branch, was the only country delegate yesterday elec ted to the executive council of the Victorian Fruit Growers' Association. Mr. H. Peters was bitten by a snake whilst working at Cannum on Saturday. Under treatment by Dr. Little he recovered. Our correspondent at Murtoa writes:-M-r. T. R. V. Berriman, accountant of the Com mercial Bank, who has been promoted to head office, was tendered a farewell social at the Mechanics' Hall on Friday. There was a large attendance, including many visitors from the surrounding districts. Complimentary speeches were made Mr. A. Thomas and Mr. J. Hatchett. A presentation was made to Mr. Berriman at Sheridan's Hotel on Wednesday. Mr. W. C. Thomas, who was in the chair, pre sented Mr.Berriman with a sovereign case filled with sovereigns, subscribed by farmers and townspeople. Mr. Berriman suitably responded. Several prominent people :spoke of the us e fulness of Mr. Berriman in connection with the Angling Society, the Murtoa Cindrellas and the other movemeits with which he was connected. A few songs were sung and a pleasant evening was ended by the singing of Auld Lang Syne. His many friends will regret to learn of the death of Mr. Alick Murray, an old Horsham resident, who died suddenly (from the effects of paralysis and yellow fever) at Durban, Natal, South Africa. Mr. Murray was for many years a resident of Dimboola, Queensland and also of Cullensville, New Zealand, where, for his sterling qualities he was highly esteemed. On the 21st July Mr. Alex. McDonald, his brother.in law, received a letter from deceased stating he was in the best of health and was doing well. At the annual meeting on Wednesday Mr. Hugh R. Reid was elected president of the Free Trade Democratic League. Messrs. Brake and Irvine, M.L.A., were elected vice-presidents. Police-Sergeant Monks has so greatly im proved in health that it is hoped he will be ableto leave the Depot Hospital in the course of a few days. So far the Queensland Referendum has given a majority of 5755 for union. At the Nhill A. and P. Society meeting on Saturday it was decided to advocate the line from Albacutya or Hopetoun to Mildura, in preference to thatfrom Ultima. A deputation from the society will wait on the Lowan Shire Council with'a view to securing the co-opera tion of that body in the matter. Thequestion has been repeatedly brought before the council, which has shown an exceptional lukewarmness in the matter. Some landowners of the Ararat district are now (says the " Advertiser") beginning to re cognise the loss sustained by the place in the closing of the Ararat Butter Factory. At the present time, though still early in the season, the market is overcharged with dairy made butter, which is offering freely at 5d per pound, whilst factory made still commands 10d. A good quantity of factory butter is consumed here notwithstanding the higher rate, and the consequence is that muney is being sent oul of the district to purchase a commodity which is alreadyover abundantly made here. Were the factory now in operation, not only would it reap the advantage of the high rate ruling I (for this figure is only on a parity with expori value), but by relieving the local market o milk, the price of dairy made butter would ki enhanced. At At udgee, on Friday while Miss John ston was playing with a young bull terrier doi belonging to the family; it attacked her an dragged her down, tearing her right banm and the muscles of her right arm. The Rev R, J. Thomas, who happened to be passing produced a gun and despatched the brute a The wounds, though painful, are not considerec dangerous, a The Cronomby railway will be completedanm i formally handed over to the traffic branch o the Railway department by the 14th inst The new line has already been fully de I scribed. It is 261 miles long, and was esti mated to cost £1950 per mile. The mice nuinsnce, which has been causinl farmers- round Murtoa some anxiety, is fas a disappearing. Bisulphide of carbon, laid ii the same manner as the poison' used fo rabbits, has been found to be effective in clean s ing wheat and bay stacks of the vermin: Th r mice [are now moving westward, and hay reached the Natimuk district. t The Rev. J. Stafford, of Horsham deliverer avigorous discourse last Sunday evening, ii a the Nhill Methodist Church, based on th I words-' Righteousness eialteth a nation, bu sin is a reproach to any people." In the cours of his remarks he warmly deprecated associat ing a huge gamble with our national holida and the whole of the address was packed wit] excellent advice to young Australians. The stirring discourse which (says the "Free Press" wasof a quiet patriotic character, was listened to with rapt attention bya large congregation and at the close of the service the National Anthem was sung. The diocesan inspector, Mr. J. J. Ryan, or Monday and Tuesday made his annua inspection of the Catholic day schoo at Horsham. The number of children present forexamination was one hundred. The resull of a very searching examination has been in the highest degree satisfactory, andis one of whict the head teacher,Miss]). Nelson, and her as sisiant, Miss Keating, may well be proud. The Catholic parents of the town are to be felici tated upon the enjoyment of such high- clase educational opportunities, the inspector having volunteered the statement that the school is as well-taught and managed as the best of those carried on in connection with the religioue houses of the diocese. The percentage gained Sis 52172, which is equal to close upon a hundred at a State school examination, the examiner at which has "merit marks,"some of which he in variably adds to those gained by actual work, at his disposal. The following is the inspec. tor's report:-" Exceptionally sound progress hasbeen made during the year, and first-class work was done at the examination. The teachersunderstandtheworkof theirprofession, and are hard-working and thoroughly in earnest. All the -requirements of the pro gramme were complied with. The discipline of the school is decidedly firm, without being harsh. A good system of organisation pre vails, and th`ei tone throughout is very high." The Rev. Joseph O'Brien, P.P., on Wednes day visited the school, and warmly compli mented the teachers and pupils on the splen. did result achieved. He gave the school a half holiday. The financial aspect of fruitgrowing was discussed on Saturday by Mr. Angus M'Nau ghtonbefore the Uuemployed Board. He was uuder examination by Mr. Max Hirshb as to what amount per acre mightbe expected to be received from an orchard, and Mr. M?'Naugh ton instanced the case of a local fruitgrower who ihad 30 acres under apples this year, which returned- .him £1,600. He did not know whether that amount was gross or net, but, re. garded either way, it was a handsome yield. By growing the right varieties a man should be able to make £10 or £12 an acre per year, " but he must be an expert at the business" added the witness, "and people who reap thut return have to work day andnight. It is not possible for unskilled men to make a success of fruit growing. On the ?ddSf palo of this issue will be founda Hamilton Stock Market, Station Pro duce Markets, Seocial Notes and Gazette Ex tracta. On the fouhrtspagw found District News, An Ocean Lorror and Nodjuhoa Board of Advice. The Oddfelows social and dance will be held on Tnesday evening. Particulars are adver tined. Mr. Edward Frsoer is prepared to submit plans and carry out other architectural work. Mesrrs. James Petrie and Co., of the Union store, will display their first spring show of drapery on Satarday. Yesterdaybeingthe annual holiday gazetted for the Royal Horticultural Society's Show, Melbourne, a holiday was observed in Hor sham, for all banks and public offices. A concert isto be held, in aid of the Horsham Ladies Benevolent Society, at Dooen on Fri day, September 15th. Messrs. YoUng Bros. advertise particulars, of their show sale hobo .held on the 23rd inot. also particulars of engine and machinery fol sale on account of Mr.W-?alter Rule. Mr. F. W. Lee, g?eneral merehant, of Jung Joung, intematei to edieg of the district that be has secured the services of Miss Allan as milliner and dressmaker,and is now opening up spring goods. About £100 has been donated as special prizes to be given away at the Rupanyup Show on the 15th September. Hopetoun and Beulah are about to make an effort to secure additional train service between these towns and WarracknabeaL At present there is a service of one train a day-both ways -except on Fridays, when the train that reaches Hopetoun in the forenoon remains there till the following mornink. Mesers. Gready Bros. Bonny Scotland will travel this season through Kewell and surroun ing district as advertised. Parcels for the following await delivery at the local railway station :-Crump, H. H. Allan, Davey, Davey and Co., J. B. Carroll, Rasmussen. Attention is directed to the advertisement in our columns of Dodd's Kidney Pills, as placed on the market by the Dodd's Medicine Com pany, of Canada, America and Great Britain. It is stated that this production has had amost successful career in those countries during the last twelve years, and has now become popular throughout Australasia, judging from the testimonials submitted, and by the constant repeat orders from those who have been in the habit of using them. The Dodd's Medicine Company claim that Dodd's Kidney Pills will relieve and cure all ailments arising from kidney origin, and as it has been proved by mdern investigation and skill that the kid neys are responsible for the majority of blood diseases, it follows, that to get at the disease proper, you must get at the fountain head. Dodd's Kidney Pills are more even than their name implies ; they are a cure for Bright's disease, rheums' tism, lumbago, sciatica, gout, gravel gall stones, stone in the bladder, dropsy, paralysis, heart failure, heart disease, and claim to be especially the medicine peculiarly adaped to the female sex. Kidney diseases means the derangement of the entire anatomy, so that by restoring these important func tional organs, you cure almost every ailment incidential to humanity. To neglect the kidneys is to deliver the body over to disease, which will finally destroy life. 