CLACKERY. ? ?- But atUl trfi touoe ran on, HL.nious bigotry dies very hard, and ^Kas notioeable that » tody sent Xmaj . ^^KTto the New *ow» Borne marked ^?tProtestantelonly.' ^Kfe OotoJrtlfs fttpteientM.ejpen ^pKnlsne to live in. Lager beer ooata 2a ^Etfef whkkjH e^Sa iaSaea, and i^K^aJme must W 18dfota«oda»nd ^HL indignant Visitor wrote to the ?^BCitmv the o'181 ^y «omplaining ^Hkhis«arir, constating of himseU.eon, ^K wurlaleB ,' could not get aocom ^Kton at thelflios. The Hbodf ~^Hted it that **-??' B^ytow. N ^?vpTasniania has of attracting vis! H» the leading morning paper ^KthingB about lady tourists. ^Kwr-T forget to leave your or ^Kr New fear's Costume wit BTden early. « f»u «'»* *-' HL best atting, and oheapest ? Hobart you must call or ? JS. Plaister & Co., the ^Kner Only one address, 96 Eh ?SeT'lloyd's Buildings. N.B.- . K^ samples and sclf-measureifent ^Bme* ?kBsoMFmanwT.oi Wealeyancum ?rtEVor Ebvwws (Australian) oon ^KtJon, who is visiting England thanks ^B&ven; that Australian women are not '?^Snglifth women are. At least, the Kipodean female does not drink in Kblio-houses openly and unabashed, in Knmon with men, ae he sees femininity ^FLondondo. ?high iinke »t the Depdt, New Town, ?is OhristmM. In addition to the usual Mnnjyof roast neat, plum pudding, and Kacco, the following donations were Bide to the institution ;— Cascade Brew By Oo.. Messrs. Blake, and the Hun. J. ?itchorn, M L.C , J P., beer and ale to tb« Ktent of a uogshe-d, a barrel, and five Kllons, home-made wine, vegetables, cake, Kc. etc; also a quantity of lollies ftom Ke Hobart Oonfeolioneiy Co., tobacco all Ennd tbrongh tbe medium of Archdeacon Khitington, extra tobacco and pipes to ?ertiln of the tick by the Hon. J. Wat born, and Xmas oarols by members of St. ohn's Choir. THE cable says that the warlike Duke f Connaught badly wanted to go out to he Transvaal, but her Most Gracious wouldn't let him. The affecting story is old of the Queen asking Buller's advice on the matter. " Your Majesty," said the soldier, " has many brave generals, but only three sons." So it was de- cided to keep the £25,000 a year duke at home for safety. It would be dreadful for such an expensive military genius to be knocked out by a Boer agriculturist's bullet. And here in Tasmania we have Captain Morrisby clamoring like the Duke to be allowed to lead the second contingent to slaughter. THE CLIPPER hereby addresses Tasmania as Buller (or was it Roberts ?) addressed the Queen ; " You have many brave captains, but only one Morrisby." By the way, what's the matter with Captain Miles as com- mander of the forty ? j rjigg apparition of Imperial federation !tiJl rises up occasionally in its ridiculous ihort shirt to haunt the dreams of the jraat btomach Party of the colonies, and, £ was to be expected, the patriotic fund Bovement is too grand an opportunity ureven a, ghost to miss. Thedescropit oade took possession of some of the ounger, and allegedly Australian, peakers at the Town Hall meeting the £k3rnight, and made them say things nat they'll some day wish they hadn't aid. Old Adye Douglas was the only !an of the lot who dared to oppose the ayment of Taamanian contributions into ie Mansion House fund. But Adye was ughed at by the natives, and howled -wnby the jingoes. 'England is fighting ustralia's battle,' said one wise young itriot, and the ratty statement went un laUenged, while the ghoBt of Imperial deration chuckled with jcy at the way te native bom were tumbling into the ap. But the climax of absurdity was cached when one of the aforesaid natives ive as a reason why the money should . Bent to England, that — ''Tasmanian ildiers, or thoBe dependent upon them, ould probably receive more from the anaion House fund than would be suJ- ribed by' Tasmania !!!!!' Even Gov aor Gormanston smiled. The Patriotic Fond meeting held at ie Hobart Town Hall was rather a nock-kneed affair, with only a few ozen tnft-bnnters present. Thespeakers tiled to pat spirit into the movement, lthougb aided by Mr. Tim Haywood, rho 'ewelled' the organ to patriotio ire. Gov. Gormanston delivered a prosy ration on Briton and Boer; bur, as eusl, he left his cheque book at home, r. order to avoid the temptation of plank eg hiB loyal dollars down. However, lie platform and the audience didn't fail c grovel to the champion mean Hib Stcellenoy, wbo on his part fully reoog liied the ' kow- tow,' and condescended o flosure those present that he intended o itay in Tasmania just as long bb pob iibte. It was dstermiaed to fiend all noneys to the London Mansion Houeo and, which will bye and by caus' roukle. Of course the tufbrhnntera rora big Alpha to little Omega may ilwajB be depended on to vote for tbe ' Mansion House ;' bnt not so the widow no orphan, who will require immediate *4 ; stance, and must acoordingly suffer -hiie money and correepondenoe is 'ctr- umlocuting' from Tasmania to London -n 4 back again ( also, why Bhould we in 'ii. i .t ourselves with the awful Hinglish umbls, who absolutely despises Tommy ? '.kins, except -when fighting, and looks :pon ibis wife as 'only a eoldter'n troll 1 ' Iv&vbo;&y; is willing to give liberally to ie Patriot^ Fund, and the ladies who Ire now canvassing p he oity are not ? Italy to meet with many refusals, espe lally from Clippeb readers': but more ?oney would have been forthcoming if wuerved for tbe Australian noldlers and Hobses havo gone np in the Caps. Nags that ordinarily would he dear at £30 ate offered at from 70 to 90 guineas. The Droids1 committee are nrw busy arranging the Monster Spurts Carnival, to be held on March 11,' 1900, sod we believe a very liberal programme has been arranged for. cyclists, wood-choppers, and peds. The usual sifts will be given away to lucky ticket nofders. Dodgre writes : In a recent issue of the Clipebb the habits, of the West Coast Legal Shark ontne under discussion, the pnv in question opining that he could . ever be found when wanted. The writer f thiscffosionboldB a perfectly contrary \imon. The West Coast legal luminary ?mnd loo much altogether, as the man V1 a judgment summons against him %-ood reasons to know. W reprint of Kipling's ' Absent Vd Beggar' issued by the Mebcubt V-»il proprietary with a view to ^3 to pay the butcher's bill, is V with a moderate sale at Gd a ' t would sell better but for the \aken with the original by the IA word is dropped in an impor land Kipling U placarded to / as a poet who writes lame Then Kip comes to Hobart he'll f'ipe the Bootjack birthstain out /axe. Jingoeb who haven't volunteered for South Africa .? Billy Blowhard, Stouching Sam, Tohnny the Masher, the Oorsave parsons, the retired 'wild oat' pur veyors, the successful business man. the Bootjack colonel, the political scooterers, Six-and-Eightpenoe and Co., the booze bummer, the election agent, the bum bailiS,Gorde]pus Gospelgrinder, Dr. Saw bones, Mickey the Goat, and others too numerous to mention. However, 40 men have been secured, and will sail for the Cape at an early date. JIb. Hatsebd interviewed Minister Mulcahy the other day and urged that the Railway Department should supply the Midland townships with water during the drought, as was the custom under the Pillinger regime. . The Minis ter, with official dignity, asked his visitor for his name and who he was. ' Oh, you must know me— I'm Hayseed. Only yesterday I was in your shop and bought a pair of twelve and sixpennies ' Immediately official pom-pom was dropped, and not wishing to offend a customer, Teddy assumed the affability of the counter; but Hayseed's dignity was hurt — (no vreater affront can be given to the man from the country than not to remember him)— and he left the Lands mumbliug about 'Jacks in office, and Btuct up calico Jemmies.' Once when a man was e%tii-? hie breakfast on a summer morning he sha hs unfortunate fly stuck fast in th» butter. Being a kind-hearted man, he decided to save its life. He tenderly removed the fly, gently scraped the butter off its legs, carefully wiped its wings with his table napkin, and softly stroking its back, set it at liberty. That night the fly woke htm. It was a burglar. He was juBt putting the last of the family silver into his basket, but when he saw the owner he dropped hiB plunder and fled through tbe open window. The fly, which had followed the man downstairs, buzzed trium phantly over the basket, and then settled confidently upon his hani. And looking at it closely the man, by a cer tain shiny look that lingered yet about its body, saw that it was the same fly that be had rescued from the butter. Ue had spured its life, and in gratitude it saved his silver. Thus we see that bind actions rarely go unrewarded. A mammoth labor.dUplacer, in tbe shape of a new exoivating machine, hag struck terror into the hearts of Chicago laborers. The big machine is boring a sewer 40ft beneath the surface of a pro minent street faster than three gangs of bricklayers can lay the brick to en close it. By the use of this device i\ e men can accomplish more than hun dreds could by tbe old muthod of digt'in^ out the earth. It. rrquirus bun a 100 horse power engine, and its work is wholly automatic, from the moving of itself forward as the excavation ie coin pitted in front to the lnulins: away of the earth and dumping it on the outside. Thus the old pick and shovel, in this in euuiae, bus dspelopwd into a gigantic machine that costs £15,000, owned not by laborers but by Capitalists, who will have a monopoly on excavating, and while dispensing with the services of hundreds of laborers will at the same time clear up immense profits. Poultry fetched a high inice during the CUi-ibi mas marketiug. TUe Clipper knows a Hobart publlcau a ho vvai told by a joker that turkeys were selling by auction at 7s to 8s. Brother Dung ejacu lated ' good i nuf,' rushed home and told the pot boy to hurry up. and buy a turkey from Billy Abbutt for abiut 7s (id. The boy wiped bis mouth with his sleeve and went for ' his natural.' Beaching the nnrt, a fine bird was just under offer for 17s Grl, QeUing mixed about flgures and beinn exciicJ after ihe run, ' Pots ' bid nnotli. r '? taunur'and the bitd was his, book-rl to the account of tlie base. Prices rapid y rose to over a pound, aud being ijHiihlied with having just 'nicked' a bvtivuin in time, the boy hied away home, li i oi her Bung and his missis were delighted with their prospective Xmas dinner, but before giviug the boy a drink thi:v askod the price, Then tbe bosB I .. Veil like apoplexy. He swore be wouldn't touch the gorblime thing He couldn't afbrd to eat turkey at is (id a Ire HeM see the turkey blankied firnt. Then, as he didn't shout for the pot boy, the tale got about and was told by tbr boys ns a champion joke. Trade bgan to loik up, an'l all liis pal« dropped in wjintins;au iuvliu to .Vniaa dinner. They weren't inviied, but tieiuga bit of a ' tug'1 boniface kept the barrack golDg, and nfier church on Xiukb, when our SunJuv M--^ ,-HllH.l in fnr « ».-.??- p,.^. h(, ^{^ ihat the blanky turkey had mom t.lian pai i for itself at double tlie (iiice. I'liur. endeta the tale of a Tug »ud a turkey. 