. Short Sifcory. The Minister's Ghost Story. ' " Good-night, bninis I Ot'Ivor, see . 'that- they n' gang to bed nt. n reasounbte hour, nnd dlnnn sit up Into .vessel'. The morn's the Fast Dny, mind, and yo've to preach." " With these words tlie Itev. Dugnld M'KIr.non took his cnndlo, nnd honmed round on the eompmiy. " Good - night, sir! Good - night, fhtlior !" they responded, with much deference. " No, wo won't stny up late." The door closed, "nnd the old gentle- mnn's footsteps were heard ascending' the stairs. . "Now, Mr. M'tvor," snid one of the girls, eagerly, " roiueinbor your pro- misc." " Certainly, Miss .Tniip't." answered tho genllemnn, rising Willi much gravity. " I intend to sit n few minutes Inter my self, lint I promised In' seethe rest of yon off. I nm glnd." lie eontlnued. pro ceeding to light tho candles, "that Miss .Timet should he the ono to call mo to n anntsn rif-..-.." "Fiddlesticks." snid .Tnnot, n tail, brlglit-fneed girl in n dress of soft crimson, which suited her admirably. She wns sltilng on a low stool before „ J the (lie. Irylng to shield her Unshod r. v t"- cheeks from Hie lihizc with n huge crimson .Tnpnnese fan. " Don't be n , tiiiinlnig, .Mr. M'Tvor ; yon know what t ' ' menu— that gliosf story you promised to fell its." " Do tell It. Mr. M'tvor 1" "I'd rather hear about pirates." snid -Bobby M'Klnnnn, n sehoolhoy of 12. " Ghosts are sncli awful rot." "Tlion you enn go lo bed," relorlod Tnnet. . "I'll, do nothing of . (lie kind." snid Bobby, much Insulted. "Go to bed yourself. " "You may remain If yon behnvo your self." snid .Tnnet. surveying him enlnily. "Mr. M'tvor. I shan't lonvo the room tinlil yon have tohl that story." "Is it the will of Hie company that their young lilood he frozen nnd curdled In darkness ? It is a real ghost, remem ber." '. "How delicious," murmured one of the. girls. '"Very well. Don't blnmo me tf you ., can't sleep to-night." He extinguished the lamp ns he spoke, and resumed his seat. The firelight played on his dark face, and he looked with his spare form. thin, keen features, and great hollow eyes like a Itonilsh priest worn out with fasting and ponn nee. There was a pause, during which the company sat silent and expectant, nnd the young minister gazed at; the fire as if fascinated by something lie saw Micro. At lasl he drew a long breath. "Yon know what second sight: Is," he began, turning his melancholy eyes on Joey Keith, (lie girl who thought real gliosis dcliei'ius. She shuddered .slightly. " t possess dial doubtful gift." he went 011 In a quiet, serious voice. "Appari tions, ghostly coffins, shadows of funerals— all lliose tilings I have seen. . often, In my own parisii. Many limes I have hoard Die. tapping of hammers ,. and sawing of wood in the carpenter's shop lifter his day's work was ilone, tailing Mini death wns coming. Throe nighls before a death the sounds are heard— tt never falls," The speaker paused, and his audience — - ju-i ii ".v.for joiteu - 1 went TO preach for Alexander of llarnotrae. .There Is nothing at all suggestive of the nuperii(Uiiral about either him or his ivlfe, hilt the manse was big and eerie, full of draughty corridors and wide staircases. II had been nil old mansion, land Diore was a story connected Willi : It, Alexander said, but lie would not loll '.-it; that' night. AVe sat talking over old 'college days, ho nnd I, until long past : midnight. Then we lit our candles, nnd Alexander led the way to my room. I should have hnd dillleslly in 'finding the way myself. Tor II was up a wide staircase nnd along a corridor with ,-i .number of doors on' either side. 1 irnd softly, fearing to dttlurh Mie household, , , but Alexander assured me tho caution was unnecessary. I was alone in that part of (lie Iiou.se. I am not a nervous man, hut T should hnro preferred one or two neighbours. My room wns at the . very end of llio corridor— a cheerful apartment by. day. when the sun shone : in, hut nt that hour, with the moonlight casting strange shadows on everything, It wns eerie. i - "I said good-night to my host, and ,e: rctired to my rest when T had convinced myself thnt a certain snsplcfoii'-looklng shadow on the lawn wns caused by a tree. I wns not nt all sleepy ; so after a time I sat up, lit the candle thnt stood on a small table by the bedside, and begat: to look over m.v sermon. Then I Folecled tho Psalms to he snug, and had , just fixed on throe, when T felt a sudden rush of eohl air, and looked up. ,\s surely ns I nm silling here— ns surely as yon 'are listening " Ian M'lvor raised Ids hand Impres- , - slvely nnd looked round with nil un earthly light In his oyen. "Tho door opened slowly, nnd a woman glided In." Toey Keith shrieked and hid her face .in .Tanol's shoulder. " I thought T hnd looked the door: hut evidently I wns mistaken, and I concluded Hint Mils wns one of the maids walking in her sleep. I lay hack nn m.v pillows nnd watched the intruder, hardly daring to breathe lost she should turn and see mo, for the !.'""F.!lL.0f '"I1'.. .ill"1.1?""1" wnlflun. n..,1 ,, OTrrrjtvAi"g.- Xjjill! Tfi a moment llio , truth flashed upon me, for In the clear .moonlight I saw her ' plainly. I had drawn up the blind ; and while mv lied was In shndow, by the window it wns : nlmost as light as dny. Tills- wns no mu viiiu. nor long, lieauiifiil hair was tin hound, rippling in golden waves below lior waist, rici' dress wns loose nI . "g, of some shimmering while : stuff— minded mo of 'White, samite \- : mystic, wonderful.' Onee she turned ; iicr fnco towards me-a beautiful face, but pale nnd drawn with anguish, and tho eyes wide with horror. I tried to ; morc-or speak, bin llmlis and tongue were pnrnlysed. Sim moaned pltoonslv ... and: wrung Iter hands; then, to my- ...... horror, glided to llio window and throw it open with a terrible cry. There was an answering er.v— the walling of a little child outside, Tho woman throw out : her arms with a despairing gesture, nnd . the loose sleeves fell hack, disclosing .their exquisite shapeliness. Shu would . Jinvo flung herself from tho window, but was hold back— the horror of it— by a hand. I saw It distinctly, nnd a ; sliadowy arm, nothing else. I think I , . reallsod then something of what Boi- . slinzznr must have felt when he saw tho fingers Mint wrote— ineho, tekel, up- harsln "Thou the moon wout under a cloud" <$Wi .Mftfc-iZGliai JKJUMtofi. "I saw that my candle wns burning with a bine flame. My hair stood on end. I would. hare given all I possessed to find myself in the: study downstairs, but I could neither more hand nor foot, and If I could, who knows wlint 1 might have seen In that long corridor. Those enipty rooms— I ' dared not pass them 1 I lay back helplessly watching that tragedy of bygone days. . "There wns another awful cry, and again there came the plllful waiting from outside, fainter Mian before, and dying away In the distance. To Mils day, when I road of Rachel mourning ior. Jier caiiurcn, nat er.v rings in niy oars. There seemed to he a struggle, the window was forcibly closed, the woman sank on tlie floor with hands clasped niul the beautiful face upturned In agony. Then the moon shone out, and slowly tho vision faded." There was a long silence when Inn had finished .speaking. Then .Tnnot spoke., . ' " Who wns sho ? What was lior story, Mr. M'lvor 'Alexander tohl mo the story .next? day. Margaret Elliot of Barnslrne, a beautiful and high-spirited girl, fell In. love with' nnd secretly- married her brother's tutor. When the marriage was discovered lie wns in Edinburgh preparing a home for his wife, and oil liis return there was a terrible scone, fftli \r».» 1.1!lt„( j. . ... .! uiio. .luhmjt, tvna iimniHir jjuii.v ash-; ton. She told lilm Mint his wife had) been sent to a French convent, and the poor fellow, mad with grief, went abroad In search of her. Tt was a false hood, of course. Margaret never left her mother's house alive. Her little child was (nken nwn.v one night, nnd Margaret ., In despair, tried to Uirow herself from llio window of that' very room I slept in. She died -soon after of a broken heart. It nil liap- penod long ago— last century, I believe." " Poor girl," said Toey, softly. " I likoj.1 Mint hit about the candle burning blue," said .Tnnet pensively ; 'It, made me creep." ' r should like to seo a ghost," said Bobby. i "Hush!" said Ivor, holding up a warning hand. " IV luit is thn't ?" Pit-pat, pit-pat, en mo the. sound of soft, footsteps on the stair. Tho girls looked nt each other fearfully, ami Bobby turned very pale. Ian grasped the poker with one hand and threw his other nnn protectingly round Tenet. Pit-pat, pit-pat. It was coming nearer. Bang ! .Toey screamed, and fell fainting In Inn's arms. Ho rose, gently deposited her on the epucli, and opened the door. Something flew past with a wild cry. Bobby howled, thinking his hour was eome. . . - .. "AVho Is that?" Han' demanded, sternly. " M'lvor, Is that you ?" said a quaver ing voice from tho .darkness. "Angels and ministers of grace de fend us ! A light. Ian, quick !" ex-' claimed Ivor, bending over a heap at Mie foot of tho stairs. Ian dropped the poker and struck- a light, and Tnnet followed lilm into the passage. "Oh!" sho ejaculated In dismay. II was the Itev. Dougald M'Kinnon, In nightcap and dressing-gown, with an extinguished taper In ono hand, a stlek in the other, ii ud a large japanned tea- I ray on the top of liiin. They helped the old gentleman to his feet, and took liim. inlo the room to recover. " I'm all right, bairns," ho said, when lie had been revived with a mouthful or whisky. " Whatever brought you downstairs, father ?" asked Tnnet, hovering over nun niieeuonaiely wltli the Dottle. 11- ivas-iitirgiars. --Men; when T'gdt j'o" tho foot of tho stair f tripped on the eat and knocked over the iray." "The cat! That accounts for die awful yell," said Ian. " I didn't know whether It. was Bobby or the ghost." " Where Is Bobby said Tnnet, look ing round. " .Toey, dear, wnlfe up ! The ghost Is having some whisky, and yon had bellor have snmo loo." " Ghosf !" repealed M'Kinnon. I wonder ye liavena malr sense, .Tnnet. Eh I What's thai ? There's a man behind Mie curtain, M'Tvnr." exclaimed the old genllemnn. pointing with great excitement, lo llio crimson damask, which appeared to he much agltuli'd. "There is seme one there, " replied I »in, deliberately rising and going to llio window. There was a howl from behind the curtain as lie proceeded In uninnRk the ruffian. Tl. wns (lie valiant Bobby, crouched In a corner, with lite lingers In his ears. " Bobliy ! What d'ye liienii h.v sic like cantrips 5" demanded his father, in- dlgnnntly. Bobby exclaimed wllh n scarlet enim- temiiiee that ho thought It was one of Mr. 'M'Tvor's eofllns. and . thai lie felt a natural reluctance lo occupy It pre maturely. " Collins ! The ilnddlo's dreaming." snhl tlie old Igciitleninn, seanilnllscd. " What way are ye no In bed, Bobby ?" " I congratulate yon on the success of your slory. Sir. M'lvor," snhl .Tnnet. " You have frightened cvorybodv Into fits." " T wonder nt ye, M'lvor, and llio uiuiu t in; i ii.ii i ."Uiti iiiu ifiii Ullllin' tor, In a lone of mild reproach. "They would have It, sir," said Inn, apologetically. " Never mind, father," |suld Janet, oniiolly, "we'll do ponnnce ln-niorrow— we'll all go twice to church." " Yo've muekle need." was Mm dry response. "iM'Tvnr, light llio candles —Til seo yo a' not this, time." .Inn . 'obeyed, nnd tlie procession formed and (lied out of tho room, headed by (lie old gentleman and " »' l"",i iMi'iii mil f'liiriTt IU lUUJi JIkQ a procession of priests and neolytes," sold Tnnot, laughingly. " Don't von feel like one, Inn ?" "Not I," he roplled, promptly. "I wouldn't ho a Roman Catholic priest under existing circumstances'.'— ho looked at .Tnnet—" for any consldcra, tlon." Tnnot turned round Impatiently. "Ooine along, .Toey, It's tlmo you wore In bed with Hint ' white face. ' Mr. 'SI'Ivor, I hope wo shnn't dream of the golden-haired Margaret." " I hope not. Miss .Tnnet," he replied, with a sinllo. " Good- night, Miss .Toey" —then in a lower tone— " llio lady of my dreams will not have golden tresses." It would hnvo.beon unreasonable to complain just then of. Miss Keith's lack of colour. " Good-night, Mr. M'Tvor." shu unbi with a sudden, lovely smile. "I shall uover, as long as T live, forget this night, or your slory, or — " "Or wlin t, Miss .Tony? ,\'o, not Mil you finish your sentence !" for she wns trying to regain possession of lior hnnd Slin looked round, half-frightened, They tvero quite alone on tlio landing. " Or you I" Tlie words were hardly audible. i " .Tooy !" But Jooy hnd vanished.— By: J &FW1;' .JfstenMj ' 