STOB^ILAHB. ^jdfgpg&Shgl;: &VE; that Mr. Dampier closed jfKng&BBggglft; ? a successful season -at the (rH : ^ft ? Criterion last night, the fe^U- T ? -week theatrically hasJjeen ^fflSS&'^-W ' uneventful. 'When London *tm \3si.. Sleeps' is still drawing well *%~5^fiS& at the Royal, and the mag V-*sn|MH nificent spectacular kttrac-. 3§L Mmyk tions of me pantomime are gf*r*gp3pU not yet -worn out. The ar . Jf\V-JWl ranging of the ballets, ?which are a principal iea ture in 'The Forty ? Thieves,' was the work of ? Miss Minnie Everett, and [ no one who'has seen those graceful, labyrinthian evo lutions will deny 'that she ' lias done her work well. Dion Boueicault's interest tegrdrama,/^Formosa,' is doing for the Lyceum ?what grand, opera failed to do— attracting large audiences nightly. A benefit is to be given to the Lucifers at this theatre on Monday afternoon. ITo-night the. Jubilee Singers close their season at the Palace..and will in a week or so give the deni zens of the different suburbs a taste of their The event W the week in Melbourne was the matinee at the Princess in aid of the Theatrical Charities Fund. The entertainment proved to be ona-of the most successful and enjoyable ever held in connection -with the Australian stage. As a result of the performance the fund has benefited to the extent of £850. Of this sum £243 was realised at the auction sale of seats conducted by Mr. J. L. Purves Q.C, at the Princess some days previous ly The boxes were knocked down at 20gs (Lord Brassey)^ 14gs (Mr. Markwald), and lOgs (Mayor ofMeiboarne), and dress circle seats ranged from £*6s to £1 10s each. The sale, following close upon afternoon tea and music, was carried out in Jrigh good humor, and when the 'auctioneer- oo served that among the attractions at the n^-Unse ?would be a bit of 'Madame Sans-Gene, with the most wonderful Napoleon ever seen, no one took the joke in better part than Mr. Brough, who put insfcSs^enaaB-ement amidst krad laughter. ThetfSeisha' is-maw in its farewell nights to the apparent regret of Melbourne playgoers. On Wed relaaythe Broughs revived 'Niobe,' which gives ulace to- night to Pinero's 'Dandy Dick. A change, too, is being made at the Koyal, where STlSiid Holt will stage 'One of the Best' as a successor 'to 'New Babylon.' ? ?One-mr afce sigfcbs of iast week ?worai - eee&Jg;, BiajBrdfifflg to 'MeEbonme PuncOi,' -was made up byjMfise MabeOle Baa-ley, Charles Kanntagham, aad Pait. BartfluuaBt a-rdding on tfoiree of the haga steapdag nags lErom Fitzgerald's Oirous. Sfcey rods weaa, too, and came home nnuamaeea, a* ^hSrihirflpgiiitianainiy. iWEks tPoraderecL lAnebraaaaai pdaiygoera -wHa be leased to'^awrw ftest nwih« Hjada S©ong has made a hit in the Imniu^.jiTi. premiere of Pinero's comedy 'Trelaiwny «f tto- -'Welle.' ' 'In the character of imogea Etas-wait,'' writes one journal, 'Muss Hftfta Spong looteadiiloir^aill the world as if dhe had just stepped out of one of ttoe Siluetraited periodicatts of forty yearns^ ago. She -pi&cfcly; snade herself a favorite, ami rearm h'gih praise.' 'Mass Dec&ma; Moore, wiho vdoitea AjUBtraana with the-^Satety Gomfflpany, is at ptrasenit leading lady in iHw» ' . ammimaii at BrosidiwHiy Theatre, New Gross, SjEL / Mr- TV5Hie 'Freeair Is now la lA&e;&aSde;, where '? be pnnposes opening a eeaeon at itbe Royeil strath a * revival of 'My Sweetheart.' M5BB-:Maiy Rose Baker, better kncwa ale 'My ?Pancy,' wiho visited Australia in 1896,- is booked at all tih.e ? inriuuiipafl. hiaHHs in Landau untdil July, 1900. IFoOilowfiing-tffiie le&a; of the Earl of TboB&yw;, it is jreponfced tflnait tihe Duke of Mamcfcisster, who is erefdited'^witlh. a certain aamauiit af diaanaiSc talent, conitempiliatas going upon the ^tiage. MUss- Grace ?WaamBr and Mr. iBMamifciH-n MT^eay twere anairriea last monith at 'Woibum Square Chiuxch, Jjanflon. Miss Warner came to Australia iw4*h her lather, Mr. Chas. Warner, Bome years ago, -aoud- appeared dn nmany leadii^g Bhaikspeaauaa roles. Messrs. Wil'liaanson. and. Musgpove'6 The Belle of New York' Coanpamy concluded, for the pre 6eirt,;itihS5r tonr of fflie OEtegiish. provt^ncee ait Hull. Mr. X XL Tonle ttuats ' bad a; relapse. The fact Sb, lihait tfie apen^ajtaon lor oaibaract, wiucih was iPBT^ffmnied a short taime since, hae not ibmnned. out | aK—wnmnpCTaRniiiiiy as 'woe aaiticipartsd ; and ttie last newB^fram Briglhiton, where he is sbay&ng;, has gjfo&x-itts; firaernds cause for great anxiety. Mr. (Wilson Barrett is paying the penaflihy of Mswpopinilairlty. He has (been so pestered of late by^antograipili-tanjteiis 'that ihe Ihas deterarmned to turn itthe manisaiice to 8000011111, amid 'will in fmture euitanUaibi no request for a photo, or aiitogra?)Qi un less-ithe emn of 5e is enolosed wdti the appBca tion. lAil eumus so received he wdill tiheaiandorer to'ifihejiABtorB' Orphanage Fraud. 'The-iplay'e the thing' evidently. Mr. J. M. Batirie is said to ihave already mafle f40.000 out of ithe-idramBiased venaion of 'The l&ttile; Manister.'' iForwone piece atone Mr. G. B. Sims has pocketed j inriwyafltaes £24,000; amid anoHher dranna, 'Harbor j tfligh,ts,' tarougihit Ihiim in, in one year, £15,000. J iBfir. m. S. GfiiLberfs profttB from lie fine* six operas' lie iwrote in canjunctftom wi'th Six Artiiur BoHffvian. have been stated to be £90,000. It is bumumbaa by Mr. D'Oyley Oamte that tlhe aanouat ofariKmey paid -by tite pu'blic to see the productions cfete Gilbert and SuiUavam, iwibich he has tarou&hjt; aaC'itoials not less iffitam £3,000,000. - ^iAl's-w-ealitihiy Jew4ah banker is sa&d; to be feHrmijig ar^^ynidicato for tihe purpose of ereoting a large opera, house on a site near Sloane Square, London. Ai; rweai-knawn Austrian 02101114601 ihais received a cpnmnftasioai to pirepare the plane for the budlidSiig. Miss Ada Heeve has accepted an engagement ?witivMr. Arthur Roberts to play the part of Ce leste, in the production of ''Milord Sir Smith,' at thesComedy Theatre, London. Miss' Bessie Rignold has been stricken down at Sheffield with pneumonia, bronchitis, and pleur \- isy. When the majl left she had taken a turn forrthe better, and was progressing favorably. Heritfather, Mr. William Rignold, was in attend ance/upon her. Miss Lillie Wild, who appeared with success in the -part of Lady Isabel in Australia, Africa, and New- Zealand, started last month on a short tour of'the. English provinces, with her own version of 'East. Lynne.' She has introduced five new characters and three new scenes, leading up to a' sensational railway accident. '.'.' 'Are the Misses Perry (of the Geisha Company) twins?' folks are asking. If dress goes for any thing they are (writes Melbourne. 'Punch'). Sometimes attired in red ''; -tailor-made gowns, each frock a perfect f fac simile of the otaer, the sisters from the back mix one thoroughly, and at other times, in ? the -orthodox : hot-day skirts and blouses of pre cisely ihe same cut and stuff in each case, every little detail the same (the very safety-pins catching the waist to the skirt being twins) the popular young ladies are a veritable' puzzle. On therstage, however, they aren't very lalike. ,&..enjdpus aisplay of temper is refij&Jed; from Viennal Mme. Dickens, the leading«6tl^js at the Josephstadtec Theatre, is said to1 -fiaesp: had such atserious dispute -with one of the ar&s;|gpuring an entr'acte that; although she was, ha&-roay through the next act.Jier temper *ad so g^t th£. better of. her . that shie vdeclared herself ?^.??unable to continue the .performance^ an,d th«.^uiiain had to be lowered. The acting- manager dld^liis utmost to calm, the lady's troubled-nerves/ b&a;^liceicoii- stable had to. be isummoiied befojra^he could be Induced to firilBb, her rollS ?'& 'i* £' lOss Olga Nethersole's tour of the States has opened most satisfactorily. The gross receipts for the first week of the tour amounted to ll.OOOdol, and at Philadelphia, where Miss Nethersole's opening night was more in the nature of a home-coming thar a visit of a foreign artist, the yield .'was very little short of the New York, tak ings. ' Her 'Second Mrs. Tanqueray' has been a pronounced success. -The theatrical managers' war on ticket specn Iat3rs^ is, being continued at -the Bijou Theatre, Newi^pife. The manager stationed ten men out side -^le theatre on .a recent evening to warn Trcu1d4-e purchaser, that tickets bought of the speculators' 'would be refused at the door. A man bought one, however, and was turned away; He has threatened a suit for damages. Another compliment jfo the stege ''villain' Is re- - ported from Armagh .(Ireland),'-where a young cat- - tie dealer, named ST-Kenna, whose feelings had! evidently been worked. to Tiigh pitch, sprang upon the stage, brandishing.a^chair, and after driving . 'tire villain' and his confederates pell-mell in every direction, rescued (the thunderstruck heroine froni the. guillotine. The. curtain was promptly, dropped, and the intruder was .ejected, and arrest ed outside by the police. * When the mail left, ffllme. Sarah Bernhardt' was at Monte Carlo, playing to crowded audiences. Ac cording to 'M.A.P.,' Pierre Loti, the writer of so many fascinating books, is to be Sarah's tra velling companion: to India. /La Bernhardt not only means to act, but to shoot tigers and ride on elephants, and make a collection of trophies such as only India affords. As to Loti, he will write a brilliant journal of their travels. A committee has been formed in Rome by 'the music publisher Ricordifor the -purpose of making ?? the compositions known in England, France, Ger many, and Austria, of the young Abbe Perosi, who is held in great esteem by Pope Leo XIII. The Pope gave the Abbe Perosi an 'audience the other day, when he received from the hands of Cardi nal Rampolia a Latin poem written by his Emin ence, which the musician is. to put to music. Perosi has already obtained great success in Italy with his 'Resurrection, de Saint Lazare' and his 'Ora- torios,' both of which works have been performed in tT»p. leading towns. - The American Court of Appeals has finally de cided the case of Sanger v. French, commonly ? known as the 'Little Lord Fauntleroy' case, in Mr. Frank W. Sanger's favor, awarding him 68,000dol as his share of the profits of the play. The suit was begun ten years ago. Mr. Sanger and Mr. T. Henry French, who had been partners at the Broadway Theatre, had separated, and Mr. Sanger brought a suit for half the profits ot 'Little Lord Fauntleroy,' which Mr. French claimed had not been a partnership production. A referee de cided in Mr. Sanger's favor. Mr. French appealed, and the decision was reversed. Mr. Sanger then appealed, with the above result. A performance will shortly take place at the Theatre Royal, Liege, of the 'Liegeois Engage,' an opera which is over. a h'undred years old, and has recently been discovered in the city archives. The libretto was written by M. Fabry, the Burgo master of Liege, in collaboration with Monsignor the Canon of Harlez, while- the music is by Jean Noel Hamal, the well-known Liege composer. The book is amusing and well written, and the music is said to be delightful. ?: History records that the opeca was performed with great success at the1 Town Hall, and that the Prince Bishop of Liege ordered it to be rendered at his Castle of Seraing. Mr. Clement Scott, the dramatic critic of the 'Daily Telegraph,' is about to retire from active journalism. For thirty years he has sat in judg ment on the drama, and his break-down, he sup poses, to ibe greatly due to his own energy on first nights. 'Oxenford «Tifi those fellows, when I first started,' he told an interviewer, 'never dreamt of writing a criticism on the first night of a play, but I introduced that. I see Mr. Grein has been objecting to it at the Playgoers' Club, but after all it is journalism; one can't help it. It may not be so thoughtful an article as that which one takes a week to write, but it has done the art no harm, and increased the salaries of actors.' But Mr. Scott will not let his pen be quite idle. He has, he says, romances of the stage to write, reminiscences to recall, and lectures to deliver at home and ia distant countries in the direct in terests of an art which he has conscientiously stu died on and off for fifty, and incessantly for thirty, years. Mr. Scott's retirement is to be signalised apparently by an action for libel against the 'Era' newspaper. That journal, in its latest number to hand, has some uncomplimentary references anent the dramatic critic's recent-^and subsequently re canted — strictures on actresses and the stage, and Mr. Scott, it is reported, is going 'to have the law of it.' English playgoers and managers, as readers of this column are aware, have' lately been discuss dng the question of the 'queue,' and the desirabil ity of extending the system of reserved seats to pit end gallery. Writing in a North of England con temporary, Mr. Joseph Hatton gives some curious particulars regarding the introduction of reserv ed seats. They were unknown until 1829. Tet the theatres were opened hours before the time of the performance, so that people could enter and remain if they chose until the curtain went up. The only effectual plan of Jseeping a seat, how ever, was to eit in it. Families who kept Hver ied servants sent them to fill their places* This was permitted until the end of the first act; then the real owners of seats ihad to occupy them, or they were forfeited. In the meantime, 'although,' said the 'Weekly Register,' of 1732, 'the theatre should be the centre of good manners, yet num bers of footmen every evening loll over the boxes, whiletheykeep places for their masters with their hats on, play over their airs, take snuff, laugh aloud, adjust their cockscombs, or hold dialogues with their brethren from one side of the house to the other.' These footmen would have had a bad time in our day. In Garrick's time the fol lowing announcement was made: 'Part of the pit will be railed into the boxes, and for, the better accommodation of ladies the stage will be formed into an amphitheatre, where servants will be al lowed to keep places.' When Garrick played 'Hamlet,' the curtain went up at 6, and ladies were requested to send their servants by 3 o'clock. And even as late as 1782, though places couid tb us be secured, they must be occupied from the open ing of the doors; they could not be kept other wise. On a Siddons night, a gallant of the time undertook to get seats for two ladies, though every seat was filled. Tipping the box-keeper, he brought ihis ladies behind two seats that w^re occupied; the moment the first act was over, the box-keeper hustled the place-holders, and the two ladies were popped into the vacant seats a second before the rightful owners had arrived — posses- sion was not only nine points of the law, it was all of it; though even the law is not often as unfair as that gallant and his two ladies. The latest subject discussed at tihe Platygoers* Cluib (LKHKkm) 'was 'The Grave ResponsSbilities of Dramatic Orittcs.' Mr. J. T. Grein, Tii-mgAif a critic, in introducinjg title (subject, said' he could only speak of BngJifih dramuatic critics, as a body, in terms of contempt. Their work was ©tale, flat, and unprofttaibilie. The best VMoh could ba said of 4,hem was tihat £hey were foonest — honest in the sense that they did not -take momey. Tie London critics lie condemned for the:.r a&t;&tudo; towards *he plays of. Ibsen and Maeterlink, quot ing in panticutoir the strictures 01E the 'Daily Tele graph' upon 'Ghosted' . The chief excepifcion was Mr. Wililiam Archer, the English critic, who was cow best fcmawn and adimdred to Paris, Berlin, and 'Vienna. By their attitude towards these great foreign dra/matiistB the London critics had shown themselves unfit to hold .the scales of justice, hav ing a bourgeois nairrowiiess of mind. They show ed tolerance for douibtSui wit amid lihe domble en tente on the stage, whilst scoffing at plays deal ing seriously with the most aanportaiDt human re^' iations of men and .women. The system itself ?was no doubt partly to blame; notices of new plays were written fair 'too . hurriedly, amd he thought it would be much .better if they were mefrely reported on the morning follotwing produc tion.' This report, giving tihe story of the plot, etc, wouild satisfy public curiosity tor the time being, and it might be followed at a week's in ternal by a aritiedem presenting a well-considered judgment of Hie play and-'Uie acting. in his opinion dramatic critics did not realise the gravity of their responsibilities; Tfafey should know well at least two languages . besides their own. Mr. Cecil Raleigh took up the cudgels on behalf of the critics, and was supported' by Mr. R. Le Gal Hienne and Mr. J.-P, 'HhidBt, who said he oould mention half a dozen yrito, as linguists and jour nalfets, -were all that mis demanded of them. TSae chairman, Mr. E. F. Spen&e;, summing up tftte dis cussion, said that if Mi'. Greta's views were car ried, a draimajtic critic would require not only to be a ipolygiot archangel,, but would require also to have -Ehe patience oi Job. He would have to see twice all new plays, not one in fifty of which deserved to be seen more than once, and while the reporter would' De-read, tine critic iwouM not, comfimg a week later, when attenitaon was prob aMy diverted to another 3J£W play. Mr. iPred. Tenry, a Iw^-knwwn EngMsii actor, ooaffcrftrates a cfhzupter off aatinbiograpihy to the cur rent arunniber of *M.A.P.,V .in. which, he Telates the ft-lflawing anecdote^ Ms courting days with Miss Julia NeUson, who swhseqiuenMy became his wife: 'WMle -me were ©Hoiying in. 'The DamoLag/ Girl,* at Dublin, Mass NeHeori suggested that We should go out for a. nixie in the1 ^Phoenix Park. I' didn't like to own that my powers of horsemansMp were limited to a degree;. so I went to a mam -who let out horses on hire and ordered two. 'At least,* said I, 'I want one -horse .and one sheep.' The sheep proved rather.' more than I could manage, and tumbled off. -Misg'rN^ascn.forbunateily wa» a lime ahead of me wien tihe catastrophe hap peaad. She lookal round japt ititannaau. ftiu* are you doing?' she asked.'- 'Only tightening one c£ the straps,' I replied aixHy, amd then I con trived to get on again. But I iwas not to escape so easily. Just as I moumited, the Brrtidh Amny, under the command of Lord Wolseley, began to fire. They happened to be havinig a field day. I had one, too. Somehow or other my legs got ?round the Cheep's neck, amid the frightened beast turned its head amd reproachfully looked me in die face. This was more than I could stand, and again I came to Mother Earth, splitting my head -vpen this -tfime. Aa officer's 'servant aocompaniial Miss Neilson back to Dublin, and I made tihe best of my way to a. doctor, wiho sewed up tlhe wound.' 