ARMY AND NAVY. ITEMS OF'INTEREST. Messrs. Armstrong, Whit-worth, and Co., the great private shipbuilders, gun and armor manufacturers, spend £100,000 a year on experiments and re search alone. \ The projectile fired from the new 12in. gun which is to be fitted to all the new battleships of Britain travels at the rate of 2,750ft. per second as it leaves the muzzle of the gun When the battleship Agamemnon was docked at Devonport a few weeks ago, in order to have her hull scraped, about fifty loads of mussels were removed from the submerged parts. At a pre vious docking her hull was covered with,' barnacles, and once before with tons of seaweed. The officers and sergeants of the Royal Welsh Fusiliers still wear the 'flash' stitched to the back of their tunic collars. This 'flash' is a black silk bow, and is a relic of the days when pigtails were worn ia the Army. The custom probably commemorates the old style of hairdressing in the regiment, which was to wear the hair lonsr and tiedjip at the back wi^ c bow or 'flash' a style which the Roytl Welsh Fusiliers were the last to discard. A peculiar regimental custom, is now in vogue with the 1st Worcestershire Regiment. Tho captain and subaltern of the day always sit down, to mess with their swords on. According to some, the custom arose owing to the officers, during a campaign, having to eat their meals with their swords on for fear of being surprised by the enemy. For some yeara all the officers of the regi ment used to sit at mess with their swords on, but the habic has become re laxed, and the captain and subaltern ot the day are tho only officers who do so nowadays. Present-day Chinese soldiers, of the standing army, get 3 s. per month, but few of them live in barracks or even wear a uniform. 'Braves,' that is men, employed in war-time only, are olloued by Government about 15s. per month, but only about a. fifth of this ever gets to them. When their services are no longer required they are allowed to find their way home as best they can, no matter in what part of the country they happen to be, and &o; the majority turn highwaymen in order to find the where withal to get home. The r,ecent telegram sent from the China Station to the effect that 'The British squadron had cleared for action' was a scare pure and simple, for this evolution is carried out on every vessel in the British Navy once a week. In time of war the order 'Clear for action' would mean, if it had to be done hastily, that all loose woodwork or other stuff likely to catch fire or be in the way would bo tossed overboard. But if there were time, everything not usually kept stowed away and which was not wanted would be sent down bolow the protected deck. The idea is to save the men from being injured by flying splin ters, which, cause almost as many wounds as shot and shell. The name of the new battleship Yen geance, which is being built as Barrow, originally came from tho French. The first vessel to bear the name in the Bri tish Navy was a 28-gun privateer, cap tured in 175S. In the hands of the French this vessel's most notable fight was with the Britis.li privateer Terrible, a predecessor of the present monster cruiser. The Terrible, in 1757, was equipped at Execution Dock, with Cap tain Death, Lieutenant Devil, and Sur geon G-host for officers ; and, in tho fight with the French privateer Vengeance, lost 174 men out of 200 before she was captured, the remaining twenty-sbc be ins all wounded. The French vessel lost 240 out of 380 men. 