THE STORYTELLER. TOMMY'S ABDUCTION. [By Jack Bugby.] The river had- been rolling and tumbling down in a brown llood for days and Jabe leaning on a long-handled shovel, with a short black pipe in his mouth, stood watching it with his shaggy brows puckered into two black frowns. The heaped up-charcoal log that looked like a great mound of earth was kissing and sputtering alter the last satfwcr, and Jabe was iu a bad temper for all his fires were out. lie stood a few feet ironi the bank watching the passing debris broken boughs, small limbs, bits of dry wood caught up with leaves went swirling past on the brown-tide that sent out a white froth aiong the sides. Presently a Kerosine case came down, washing in near tlie side, and Jabe, anxious to obtain it, raced along the edge, shovel in hand, but it got beyond his reach, and caught in a large palignum bush, swaying this way. ana tliaL, but checked in its onward course till the current caught it again. Nearer £ e now Jabe stiU 6tood j watching the debris sweep past, when something larger than had yet caught his eve came dow n - " • was a big water-rotted log that came floating like a cork on the current, and something -was clinging to it. Jabe in his excitement threw away his shovel and ran on ahead, as though to intercept the fearful progress of that log and the doomed boy that sat astride o£ it. There must have been a twist in the current at that particular spot, for it took the same turn as the kerosine case, and caught in the swaying palignum bush. The case formed, as it were, a ram, and the two held tinn against the bush. ! "Hold on for your life, sonnv, ihold on!" shouted Jabe. "Stick to the log, and hold the bush. That's it, catch the bush. Oh, never mind the prickles," as he saw the small hands .wince. But the child was numbed with cold, as well as frenzied with terror, and liad got beyond speech. . . Jabe was one of those fortunate individuals not troubled with nerves, but something ran riot in his brains at sight of that small, helpless, clinging object on the log that fairly filled him witii excitement. He caught up the long-handled shovel again, and tried to reach the log, but it was full three feet beyond him. Then throwing it down once more, he shouted to the child, "Hold on, for God's sake, sonny, while £ run for a rope. I won't be a minute. Only keep your hold till I come back, and I'll \- have you on tie bank." The little chap . closed his eyes and crouched lower, while the edge of the current swayed the log, and old Jabe. raced frantically to. the tent for a rope. He was back in a few seconds with the rope in a large round coil on his arm. He could throw with that unerring precision of bushmen accustomed to heaving ropes over trees. The small atom on Qie Jog had / opened its eyes, and was warily watching. The first' tremendous heave went yards beyond the palignum bush, and lay sideways on the log. "Now, then, catch it. Hold for jtour life. JTever mind the water while I draw you through," warned Jabe. The boy made .a, grasp at the rope. The impetuosity of his movement sent the swaying log i/fto the boiling current. The kerosine case went with it, and the next moment they were swept out of sight. There "was a faint cry as he felt himself disappear into the brown frothing waters, but the small benumbed hands still clung to the rope, and in a second the little wet head had reappeared, and was close to land, where Jabe was hauling him handover-hand. The nest minute the small, wet, dripping figure was in Jabe's great strong arms, where he was borne swiftly up to the tent, and laid on Jabe!s own bunt There was no boots nor stockings, only a blouse .and small pair of pants, and : .an apology for a shirt. Jabe had Viim soon disrobed, and gave !him a vigorous rubbing,' then rolled him into the folds of a heavy blue blanket, and leaving him there, went out to make some hot rum punch, and in less than an hour he was able to sit up and give .an account of himself. • "IBs name Vas Tommy. He ^didn't know what the other name was. Wasn't sure if he had one. His father's name was 'Old Tom,' and they called his mother 'Missus.' He got astride tlie log, and punted it into the flood -himself, and it just went and went^ and never stopped till old Jabe saw it. Jvo one saw him, and he never saw anjone till lie sa*r Jabe. He wasn't sure how far away they lived, but lie guessed it must be close on a hundred miles." He was a wonderful specimen of a small Australian boy, and in a few terse words gave a graphic description of his descent down the river. "'We just slicked down like a shooting rainbow, and never snagged once till Ve • saw that old paling." It was the first break in a long. lonely round of charcoal burning for old Jabe, and lie sat, and smoked, and talked to Tommy while the pants and little ragged shirt dried. He was~- ; inwardly wishing tliat Tommy had no stieh useless impediment as a father and mother, and that he might 1 stay on at his camp for ever. The day passed and the night came, and Tommy went the round of the charcoal logs with Jabe, not a whit the worse for Lis ducking. .Jabe had manufactured a small coat out of a large one, and had fitted him up with a double pair of woollen socks- and an old felt hat. Tommy was a wonderful apparition, but lie was warm and happy. So was Jabe. He took a most surprising and _ intelligent interest in charcoal burning, never missing a word that' fell from the scientific lips of Jqbe. Never once did he express a desire for father, mother, or home. When bed time came, Jabe made room for Tommy at the foot of his own bunk, and lie coiled up there as though he had never slept anywhere else all his life. And that is the story of how Tommy cape to be installedJ^n old Jabe's camp. . It's not a long story, and there is nothing either very bright nor pathetic about it, but-old Jabe grew to love that boy as the days and weeks and months went by, and no one came to claim him. This wis the first living being that Jabe had ever loved. It seemed to take root in his heart, and turned round and eat into it till he couldn't bear the boy out of his sight. And Tommv grew to love Jabe better than he coulcl ever have loved his own father, though he had lived with him a hundred years. The finding of this small child that warmed up his old- heart so, was better to him than the finding of a gold mice. Tommy did not settle down as an ornamental appendage to the camp, but became useful. He would boil the billy and watch the damper, and help old Jabe to round up the fires. He would fill Jabe's pipe, and take surreptitious whiffs, white Jabe watched with the corner of his eye and a sly. fwinkle. Tommy being a small boy could not help being mischievous, and when he did anything that outraged Jabe's feelings that •worthy would never scold, but just sit and flare into the fire, while Tommv would come and crouch at his feet and look sad, like a whipped dog waiting for the first kind word to wake him into fresh mischief again. All these little things helped to endear the two and draw them closer. It was nearly two years since Tommy had come down on. the flood, and they had shifted camp several times, when one morning Jabe said, "Old Tom French "11 be here to-morrow with his bullocks to cart off charcoal, Tommy, and, my word, we'll have to be astir in time and get breakfast over, for Tom's bound to show up soon lifter, daylight, cursing and swearing at his bullocks, and cracking that whip of his." Tommy stirred uneasily, and lifted his chin frontalis knees as. he sat gazing into the fire. 'There was a far-away look in his eyes.that were beginning to fill with the dawning light, of remembrance. "'He's a drunken, swearin' old cuss, is Tom." went on Jabe, not noticing the look on the boy's face, "An* if iL" liadn't been that oid Dave is laid up again, Tom'd never ha' got the job." Tommy moved his position, and came closer to Jabe. "Course we'll have to get the charcoal away, 'cause it's time We shifted cams again, Tommy." Tommy gave a little shiver, and leaned up against Jabe. "Why, what's took the boy?" said the mac, looking dowii. "You ain't sick, are you. Tommy?'' anxiously. Tommy shook his head. "Then what's "one wrong?" still more anxiously. Another little shake. Jabe jilted the boy by tiis shouhVrs and drew bim in between his knees. The small face had gone grey, while there was a look of deadlv fear in the eyes. He "lifted the boy to bis knees and put an arm about him. "Now, Tommy, tell old Jabe what's wrong?" "I don't like that swearin' "old cuss, Tom French," he said, with a dry sob as he hid deal more than this; but they are taken on at Kew on the condition that they would be satisfied with the same wages as were received by inea of the same class. The health of these women is exceptionally good, and the open-air life makes the delicate ones quite robust after a few months. Clearly we have here a suggestion of tremendous importance for colonial women. The complaint "What siiall we do with our girls?" has been heard long enough in the . iand. We need not trouble ;mv longer about such greatly overstocked vocations as those of the typewriter, shorthand writer, teacher, &c-; We cannot all l>e teachers and typists, neither can we all make a hit in literature, as so many scribblers seem to imagine possible. Many young women suffer in health s ^ "Hut you ain't never seen him, Tommy," said Jabe, witli a look of lcystilication deepening on his face. '"He ain't been charcoal carting for me ifr two year, just a little while 'fore vou shot down the river." The boy noddofl/ "Oh, you don't know him," said Jabe confidently. "An", is' you're afraid to lie;ir him cussin\ just lay low. Vou ain't no good, anyhow, to load charcoal. Old Tom don't know J'vs> got you—nobody do, bur Dave. You just lay low till Tom goes, sonny." Hut with the usual perversity of a small boy, Tommy couldn't lie low for any length of time. He was active, restless, and con sumeii with curiosity to have a peep at Tom and the bullocks, though his yum mind was filled with a haunting fear that it was Tom's whip that used to lash round his small body years ago, and Tom's terrible curses that still rang in his ears. (Shortly after daylight came the rattle of Tom's , old , dray, . - accompanied .. by . a riugiii; . ~ , „ hre ot i cracks and a innnmg volley oi oaths tliat seemed as familiar to the Tommy as the memory of a - bad dream The repetition of the names "Brandy"' and "Punch," two steady old polers. interlarded with many oaths, recalled the memory "of a past that made Tommy shudder. He wondered were they still the same colour, one brindle, the other red and white. He crept cautiously from the tent. The iir.-u sight of old Tom French was enough to sweep away from Tommy's brain the cobwebs of two years' forgetfulness and the first sound of the awful voice t-> chill the blood in liis young veins, for c-ii'-e more Tommy behold his father. Once more, ashen- grey with ; fear the small head withdrew tn the shelter of Jube'.s tent, and stayed there fully an hour, scarcely damig to breathe, 'lhen arose such a laeiiet «nd iiin of roaring and swearing and wliip oacldng, that no small boy could be expected to lie still and listen and not have a look. If Tommy had only stayed under cover for another ten minutes, ail would have bec-c. well, for Tom was just waking up the. bullocks for a start. But Tommy took the fatal peep as Tom turned with an oath to the near-side poler, catching sight ati once of the ghost of what he had lost, grown taller and stouter, but still Tommy! The oath froze on the veteran swearer's lips, and from his steel grasp the whip fell to the ground. "Have you seen a ghost, Tom?'" queried Jabe, as he saw the pallor that crer.it over the man's face. "I rayther think I have," he answered slowly. "How long ha' you had that kid o' mine here, Jake?" A hand like ice seemed to fall on Jake's heart as it suddenly flashed on him that this was Tommy's rightful owner. The memory of the b'ov's abject fear the night before came back to" him, and turning, he saw that Tommy had collapsed and sank a helpless heap on the ground, bereft of all strength to move. Before such a monster should get possession of him again he would move heaven and earth to prevent it. "What bid's that vou're talking about, Tom French?" said Jabe sharply. "Do you mean the boy that's mine? and don't vou dare to lay your dirty finger on him."~ "1 tell you he's mine," roared Tom, who bad got his voice again. "He's the kid we thought was drowned last big flood two years.'' "And why didn't you look and find him?"' sneered Jabe. •"You was too precious mean. J-ear you d.find him, an' have to burv him. •Now, I tell you that boy's mine. '.Never you mind how I got him—he's mine." .1 hey were between the tent and the river Uiat ran a strong current their side, iom irencli- was known round for an unserapulous, desperate villain when roused, and Jabe at that moment was just as despera t y IO - love of the boy and determination to keen him. They kept eveing each other and edging nearer, till unconsciously Jabe stood within a foot of the river, his back t o Jt> and facing the evil-browed Tom. The youngster's voui-'s, do you sav'r" roared loin- VI tell you I'll make sausage meat-of him 'fore your eves, and carry liis hide home for the missus to stuff. Your kid, eh! Your kid! You'd -swear it in a Court o Law, would you? You thieving hound, you'd hide my kid here for a couple o vear, an' never tell me. You great thundering" The end of the speech was cut short by a well- directed blow at •labe that caught him under the ribs. With a "wild roar and a savage lurch he heaved forward with both hands outspread. It required but a touch, as Jabe stood on the very'brink. Willi a piercing cry he sank, with both aims extended above his head. T.im stood still, and looked down as the bubbles rose. Something shot between him nnd the sunlight, but he did not notice it. As Jabe rose for the first time the two men gazed helplessly info each other's eyes, and gazed so rill he sank again. Once more he rose, this time lower down stream, but something white was near him, a dripping oar was held out, and he grasped it. WhenTomm.v rowed him to shore Tom had gone, and the two came out and dried themselves. Jabe set mechanically about "lacking up, Tommy helping him without a word. "You see, Tommy," he said, "mv okkipation's gone, clean gone. Tain'tno use staying here any longer. '.Sides' Tommy, you don't want to stay—do you?" anxiously. "No," said Tommy, with vigorous shake, "I don't waiit to stay." "Coui^e you don't," Tommy; nayther do I. As I said, inv okkipation's gone, an' I must go, an' you don't want me to go 'thout you, Tommy?" No, no, no," cried Tommy. Ah, I thought so, Tommy. Jabe an' Tommy ain't tfoing to V'.'irt that easily. How'd you iike the goldfields, Tommy?" Tommy's eyes grew bright, and liis tongue loosened and ran on to the delight of Jabe'. As night fell, and the stars came out, there was no lonirer any tent at Jabe's old camp, and soE&ething; white and noiseless shot down the river and out of sight. But with the disappearance of that white boat Tom's troubles began. Old Dave sickened and died. Tom was arrested on susoicion of doing away with Jabe and stealing the charcoal. His stoiy of finding his lost son' was considered" a pack of trumped-up lies. But at the trial he f-amcout with his usual luck, the case falling through for want of evidence to prove the cliargc. iiut on a scattered goidfield far away from the glow of a charcoal log, or tin; sweet roll of a river, there stands a tent inhabited by a man and a boy, who are never away from each other more than an hour at a time, who live in the light of each other's love, that never fails nor grows dim. The sound of that boy's step and the ring of his voice is the sweetest music Jabe ever wants to hear. The sight of him before the camp fire, boiling the billy and frying the meat is the brightest picture Jabe ever wants to see. And at night, when the pickle bottles are brought out, and the last one filled with fresh gold, it is all for Tommy. 