IN FULL CRY. By Richard Marsh CHAPTER VII. In the Box. "This is the second time." Recollection returned. He remembered where he was. He was in a box; that was the meaning of the narrow walls, the closely overhanging roof, the darkness, the sense of oppression. Pollie had lifted him right off his feet and laid him down within the chest. He recalled so much, the grotesque consciousness of helplessness which had come to him on finding himself being lifted like a child, and that was all. The test was vacuum. He repeated to himself, grimly, his own words, "This is the second time." How long had he been where he was? What had happened since? All seemed silent. He thought of the journey along the roof, of the entry through the casement, of the appearance of the room as revealed by the flickering matches. Was he alone in it ? Where was Pollie ? What had taken place ? He felt cold, cramped, worn, hungry, ill - perhaps hungry most of all. A faint light gleamed through the holes in the side of the box. Was it morning, then ? If so, what had transpired during the hours which had intervened? He tried to collect his thoughts, to arrange events in their proper sequence. He had a hazy recollection of the girl telling him that he would have to make his own way out. How, then, did she propose that he should do it? He came into contact with something, with several things, as he slightly shifted his position. There was a hammer, a mallet, a sharp-edged instrument which he took to be a chisel, and a saw. So she had put tools into the box with the idea of his using them to further his escape. He had some vague fancy of her having said to him something of the kind. The idea was chimerical. He never had shown to advantage when he had a tool to handle. He was one of those men to whom has been denied the capacity of becoming even moderately skilled in any sort of handicraft. From the craftsman's point he was a hopeless subject. He told himself that, situated as he was, to expect him to win his way to freedom by the aid of a hammer and a chisel, was sheer absurdity. He had scarcely room to move, barely strength enough to raise the heavy hammer. It was altogether out of his power to put it to an effectual use. He might avail himself of it to attract attention by striking it against the sides of the box. But that would be to run the risk of passing from the frying pan into the fire. Who might not hear? What undesired auditor, who might be keeping an inquiring eye upon his whereabouts ? And, in any case, how should, he explain his being where he was ? As he lay and pondered and smiled, even in that very unamusing situation, there came back to him other of the occurrences which had followed on each other's heels in such quick succession. Mr. Baynes's visit ; the tidings which he had brought of the wealth which had been bequeathed to him by so unexpected a testator. He smiled still more, and shuddered. If there are such things as ghosts, and the dead man's spirit was observing him in his present situation, supposing such visitants to be capable, of sentient emotion, what, at that moment, must the "returned traveller's " feelings be? A man of fortune, not to speak of family, shut up, a helpless prisoner, in a wooden box, like the youthful bride in that absurd old doggerel, "The Mistletoe Bough !" The thing was too ridiculous for serious consideration. Yet, what on earth was he to do ? He must do something—must make some effort to win himself out. To be found in there like a rat in a trap, would be the crowning humiliation, and to stay in there and not be found might be much worse. Picking up the chisel, making a half turn, he resolved to, at any rate, test the tool's calibre against the side of the chest. As he moved, something so startled him that he dropped the chisel from his hand. Was it possible that some other living thing was shut up with him inside the chest? In moving, he had extended his right leg; the sole of his foot had inadvertently pressed against something, something soft and yielding. Something which, unless he erred, returned the pressure. The contact filled him with such a degree of horror that, for some moments, he was bereft of the power of motion. "What could it be ? A delusion ? If not, then what? He must have been mistaken. There could be nothing there. Yet, though he assured himself that this was the case, it was odd how reluctant he was to put this assurance to the proof. Instead of an inclination to reach out with his foot again his inclination was all the other way—to draw it as far up as the dimensions of his prison would allow. On the other hand, the suspense was hideous. On such a point it was impossible that he could remain in doubt, and exert himself to gain egress from the box. Even supposing that there was something, it was, probably, a mouse or a rat, or perhaps a rabbit. It was true that it had not felt like either of the three, but what else could it be ? After an interval, the duration of which was only too perceptible, he ventured out with his foot again, gingerly. He could feel nothing. He put out his foot a little further. What was that ? He could feel something which, as it seemed to him, was possessed of a peculiar quality, though wherein lay its peculiarity he would have been unable to say. But, this time, it certainly did not return his pressure. His alarm had been foolish. It was probably something else which Pollie had put in with him; what it was he had forgotten, if he had ever known. Again he took up the chisel, and once more applied its edge to the side of the box. It was frightful how weak he was. The silly shock he had received had left his nerves in a state of uncomfortable tension. He was trembling all over. Such was his exhaustion that he could put forth no strength at all, not even: to make a feint of driving the tool's cutting edge into the wood. And the whole time his thoughts were at the other end of the box—he did not wish that it should be so, but it was. Presently something else occurred to him, that there was a peculiar odour in the chest. It spoke volumes as to his condition, to say that he had not noticed it before. His sense of smell was almost unnaturally keen. That he had been unable, on occasion, to escape from disagreeable perfumes had been, for him, one of the most disagreeable characteristics of the vagrant life which he had led. And there was a peculiar odour, of that there could be no doubt whatever. Now that it had become perceptible, it took his nostrils by storm. It seemed to hint that in it there was something ominous, alien, repulsive. In it, too, there was something familiar, an association with an experience which had, to say the least, been intensely disagreeable. Was it possible that the thing at the bottom of the box had been alive, and was dead, in a state of partial decay? With a sort of gruesome curiosity he put out his foot to feel again. What could the object be? It seemed to be of a rounded form, and distinctly soft. The more he pressed the more it yielded. It moved! And he moved too! withdrawing ing his feet, as far as he was able, with a kind of spasmodic instinct. This time there was no mistake, the thing had been certain, the movement definite, distinct, though oven now he felt that, about it, there had been some thing unusual, odd. "What could the creature be ? As, with whirling brain and palsied limbs, he asked himself the question, he was conscious that his panic fear was scarcely dignified; and, with such slight force as still was his, he did his best to play, at least in some degree, the man. He might have succeeded, had he had time. He was not in a condition to recover from a shock upon the instant; and, when the shock became a continuous, an increasing one, recovery, even of the most partial kind, was altogether out of the question. The few remaining dregs of his manhood oozed clean out; there was nothing left to him but his shivering carcase. The creature at the other end of the box was roused at last; and, being roused, was apparently unwilling any longer to remain dormant. It kept on moving, though its companion In captivity could neither feel nor hear it; indeed, the perfect stillness of its movements was not its least unpleasant feature. It touched his boot; it was advancing from its end of the box to his. It not only touched his boot, it climbed on it, with a curious gliding motion which held him paralysed with horror. It advanced along his trousered leg, and yet he felt it still upon his boot. He knew what it was now, it was a snake; And, with the knowledge, he broke into shriek after shriek, and writhed and twisted, almost after the fashion of the reptile at his feet, as if he sought, by his sheer contortions, to get out of the box. But, after all, his power to shriek, like the rest of his powers, was small, and, soon, he was still, perforce. He lay shaking as with ague, as pitiable an object, if Howard Shapcott's ghost was there to act as witness, as that gentleman's eyes had ever lighted on. The snake, as if startled by its companion's cries, continued for the moment still, but, as soon as the man ceased, it resumed its movements. Along the man's body it glided with, seemingly, complete indifference to the fact that it was a man's body. The sensation was indescribable; he never forgot it; it was always with him afterwards, at the back of his memory, needing but some casual touch to bring it to the front. The thing seemed endless; its weight was no unconsidered trifle; it was evidently a monster of its kind. Its head reached his; he felt its breath upon his face; something brushed against his cheek, softly, to and fro, with amazing delicacy of touch;—it was the creature's tongue. He knew enough to be aware, even in his state of partial brain paralysis, that the popular notion that a serpent's poison is secreted in its tongue is born of ignorance; but, at any moment, the tongue might be exchanged for the poison fangs, those finely pointed instruments which prick, at times, so slightly that a man need not be conscious of their contact until death is upon him. Whether or not the creature, then, did more than salute him with, its fondling tongue, he could not tell. Presently he ceased to feel its breath upon his cheeks. It continued its progress, passing down over his different features, and arranging itself, slowly, methodically, in a series of apparently innumerable coils between his face and the holes in front of the chest. It had placed itself directly in his line of vision, so that it obscured the greater part of the small amount of light which found its way into the box, and there it remained quiet. For some time he continued in a state of physical and mental stupor; it was only after a considerable interval that, venturing to open his eyes, he perceived that the creature had darkened the light. He realised its propinquity with feelings so intense as to be almost equivalent to a total absence of sensation. By degrees questions began to shape themselves, vaguely, in his brain. Since it proposed to remain where it was, what was its purpose ? Was it watching him ? playing with him like a cat with a mouse, waiting for the moment which suited it best, to strike— and to strike home ? Or had it relapsed into torpor? He imagined that he could see its eyes, wide open, unblinking, glinting at him through the darkness. His right leg was cramped. ln the first sharp twinge there was an involuntary, movement ment of the muscles. The reptile seemed to pay no heed. As the pain increased he made a more vigorous effort to obtain relief. Still it evinced no symptoms of disturbance. In his agony he shook it, extending the limb to its utmost length, for the muscles were twisted into knots. Yet his companion remained motionless. While he was still being afflicted by his latest enemy he heard a sound without - the sound of heavy footsteps coming up the stairs. They came into the room. In a moment, in his delight at being within reach of human succour, careless of what the consequences of discovery might he, he raised his arm and struck as hard as he could against the lid of the box. A human voice replied to the sigral. " Hullo, Jennie, is that you?" "No, it's me! " There was a pause, perhaps expressive of the newcomer's astonishment. Then the same voice again, only drier, "Oh, it's you, is it? And who are you? And what the devil do you mean by being in my chest ?" "Open the lid; let me out." "You let yourself in, I suppose you can let yourself out." "I can't. It's locked." "Locked, is it r Then where's the key?" "I don't know." The newcomer had evidently approached the box, and judging from his next remark, was apparently realising, with mingled feelings, the absence of the key. He tried the lid once or twice, to satisfy himself that it was actually locked. j " Well, this is a queer caper. It is locked; then who locked it ? You couldn't hardly have done it from the inside, and what were you up to to let anyone also do it when you were inside ? And where's the key ?" "I tell you again that I don't know. For heaven's sake do let me out !" "There you are, piling on the coal ! Go soft ! Let's take things in their proper turns. First of all, where's Jennie ? If you've hurt her by so much as a pin prick, I'll leave you inside until your bones are bleached." "Do you mean the snake?" "Of course I mean the snake; and you're right in using the definite article, the snake. She's the finest snake this world has seen. And where's my beautiful ?" " The snake is here." "Have you laid on her a hurtful hand?" " God forbid.*' "Right again—God forbid. I'd have hurt you if you had. So it seems that you're in luck. It's something to have a companion, even when you're shut up in a box—I speak from my own personal experience; and when it's a lovely creature like my Jennie, why that's something like, that is." The gentleman was silent. He felt that the speaker had a point of view of his own. He was beginning to wonder if he had been sent to complete the process of driving him mad. "Now that the first and most important point is in order, we'll pass on to the next. What about opening the chest? How am I going to let you out without the key ?" "Force the lid." "Yes, that's all very well for you, but how about me? Forcing the lid won't improve the property. "Who's going to pay for the damages ?" "I have money." "Oh, you have got money, have you? It's a nice thing to have, is money; about as comfortable a thing, all things considered, as you very well can have. If we had more of it, Jennie and me, we'd be as happy as the days are long, as the saying is—ah, and happier. How much have you got?" "I had four pounds." " Had ? I had a thousard pounds, and I've had it more than once; but, at present, it's behind—that and more. The question I put to you wasn't how much you had, but how much you've got just now." " I believe I have the four pounds upon me now." "Believe? Beliefs all right: I've seen a lot of belief in my time: and I don't say a word against anyone believing anything. But I like to know. Don't you know if you've got that four pounds ? " "I had it on me last right, I've every reason to suppose it's on me now; but I'm tortured by cramp—half-paralysed—I can't feel to make sure." " Then am I to understand that any damage I may do to my chest by forcing open the lid, you are willing and ready to make good ?" "Every sou ! Only, for God's sake, make haste. If you knew the agony I've endured, and am enduring, you'd take pity." "Agony! Is that a slur on Jennie? Or on my chest ? You've had a free night's lodgings, and the host of company ; I don't know what else you want." The gentleman groaned. "Was the man a madman? Or had he been sent to torment him before his time ? Heavy footsteps crossed the floor. " Someone's been taking French leave with my tools. There's a cutting chisel, a hammer, a mallet, a saw, all gone; they weren't gone last night" " Isn't there anything else you can use ?" " No doubt. I might use the lid of a tea pot, or a tooth pick. But I'm not proposing to use either." "Make haste, man, do." "What's the hurry. If, as you say, you've been all night in agony, you must have got used to it by now. What difference does a few minutes more or Iess make ? I've been in agony myself, ah, and for more than one night ! I speak from personal experience." "Are you a fiend ?" " May be. Don't know. A man never does know till he's been cut up for the doctors to examine ; what he is inside's a mystery. Here's a cold chisel. Shall I use that ? " " Yes." " Seems to me that you'd say yes to any thing. If I was to ask if I should use the stem of my best pipe you'd say yes to that. You don't seem to have no sense, no proper reasoning. However, things being as they are, I don't mind making a trial with the cold chisel, just to oblige you." The footsteps returned towards the box. " Now I understand that for any damage I do to this property—and it's valuable property, mind you, so don't you forget it—I understand, I say, that for any damage I do to this property, on your behalf, and for the purpose of letting you out of it, you'll see me paid." " Yes." "That is the understanding, between gentlemen, as gentlemen ?" "It is." " Very well. then. That's all right, so far as it goes. "When I've put a bit of baccy into my pipe, and got a light to it, I'll set about the job." The gentleman waited, in hideous expectation. He seemed to be an actnal witness of the production of the tobacco and the pipe; of the pipe's loading; he heard the scratching of the match; he saw the flash; smelt the perfume of the strong tobacco. Then there came the voice again. " That's it; that's something like, that is the right article. Now I've got the taste of tobacco in my mouth I'm game for anything. Look out in there. I hope, soon, to have the pleasure of making your acquaintance, sir the job is being started." In less than half a minute the chest was open. 