Melbourne Sporting Notes. (From Our Own Correspondent.) Monday. i aere nas been plenty of racing during the past week, but it has not been of a particularly high class character. The chief fixture was at Caul field on Saturday under tho auspices of the Vic torian Club, when the prospect of a good day's rac ing, combined with pleasant weather, was condu cive to satisfactory public patronage. Backers started the day well wiith Ampler, in the Hamble don Handicap, piling the money on till nothing better than 5 to 2 was obtainable, though a good deal of coln went on Eileen More at a half-point longer. The batting was a true reflex of the run ning, as the pair finished first and second. I liked the way Ampior won, and, though the company was not specially select, the performance was suggestive of bebter things if necessary in the fu ture. The ring had slightly the better of the deal over the Havelock Hurdle, for which Insurance, despite his 12st 71b, was supported down to 5 to 2. The Ballarat Riccarton was also substantially bac ked, . bust 9 to 2. was on offer at the start about Chartreuse. The race waa a very interesting one, aa, when Insurance challenged Chartreuse at t^e distance. Miller's mare seemed as if she would just pull through, but the weight told in the last few strides, and she was beaten-by a short neck. At the same, time there seemed to be doubt as to whe ther Mooney waà sufficiently recovered from his re cent fall'to do full justice to Insurance. Riccar ton ran fairly well, and is dub for a win shortly; Ho is the cut bf a horse for big timber, and I should like to eeo him have.a fair chance in that line of biiVinessr Of cource, the chief item on the programme was the Victorian Club Handicap, for which a fairly representative field colored. The public were very sweet on Kobold owing to his recent running, though Novus wa« an equal fa vorite at threes. Spencer's good track work gained him a lot of friends, and nothing better than fives could be secured about him at barrier riae. The race was a good one. Orla ran very prominently ! umtil condition "failed; and the way The Musketeer [ shaped suggested a return to something like his old-form"; but, from the distance, nothing had a ghost of a chance with Kobold, who öiniply gave the company a touch of that form which he showed in front of the flying Newhaven, when they "wer© boys, together," .and won in a canter by five lengths from the consistently unlucky Adjuster. The back ers of Novus and Spencer had an unsatisfactory run, as, when the latter was going well, he stumb led, and Novus, colliding with him, completely de stroyed the chances of both. As Spencer was evidently badly injured, Thomas pulled him up, and when he had limped back to the paddock one of his shoulders was found to be broken. He can never race again; but there is hope of saving him for the stud. Undoubtedly a good and speedy horse when well, Spencer has been the almost constant victim of lameness or injury. Backers had a nasty upset over the Steeplechase, for which Ouyen was made a 2 to 1 favorite. I'm afraid; however,-"that she has not yet got over the-effects of her National campaigns, as in the running she shaped very indifferently, the winner turningup in Mailboat, about whom eights were on offer.. , Butler-,, tue.second favorite, held a similar position at the finish of the race; but ho could never get near enough to Mailboat to seriously trouble him. A wretched five furlongs' selling race, disguised under.the. .pretentious name of the Illawarra Stakes, was responsible for a lot of public dissatisfaction. - There were only three starters,, and the Ballarat mare, Linda, started favorite at 3 to 1 on; whilst Warwe was next in demand at 5 to 1 against. Linda, however, was left at the post, and Warwe won easily by three lengths. M'Namara, the rider of the favorite, was asked for an explanation by the stewards, and his explanation was considered satisfactory. No one outside the persons concerned in the old Star Chamber business knows what the explanation really was, as the public, who support race meet ings, are never considered entitled to such know ledge. The two Sunrise horses, Cyrus and Pre torious, were looked upon as likely to supply the . winner of the Hartington Welter, Cyrus being a slightly better favorite than the Transvaal hero. The latter, however, never left the issue in doubt, as he virtually won from the barrier rise. The unlucky Trienid again finished third-twice in one day-and he must so far have been a very ex pensive horse to his friends. A sale of Mr. Mitchell's Tabletop mares was held to-day at Kirk's Bazaar. Most of them were served by Padlock and Trentmore; but the prices realised were low, the highest figure being 60gs, given by Mr. A. Miller for the Maribyrnong mare Jessica. . ' As the result of his easy win on Saturday at Caulfield, Kobold-has advanced in favor for the Caulfield Cup. He has since been taken in dou bles with Fleet Admiral and War God. On Sa turday night £1000 to £60 was taken about Gau leon for" the Caulfield Cup; while Le Var was coupled with him in doubles. Auric is coming into favor for the V.R.C. Derby, and he is rather a fancy in Derby and Melbourne Cup doubles, chiefly with Gauleon, Wait-a-Bit, and War God. J. H. Davis's luck has been anything but good of late, and now his promising Malvolio colt Tabilk has gone wrong. Honors "were about even last Tuesday at San down between fielders and punters. The latter started well with Mineral, who was strongly sup ported for the Trial Handicap, but a good deal of money also went on Gevoer and Detonator, while when the betting opened Independent took a fair portion of the public cash. It looked as if Gevoer would manage the trick at the distance, but he quickly .shot his bolt, and the Sunrise mare finished with nearly a couple of lengths to the good. The uncertain Beau Brummel was served up warm for the Hurdle Race, but the country horse Galtee More had a lot of rural admirers, and they didn't hesitate to plank the money on him till he was within half a point- of Cripps'3 horse The winner, however, turned up in J. H. Davis's brown gelding.Duello, about whom fours were obtainable at the start. Duello is a son of Tim Swiveller, out of Duenna; and,, as he is possessed of pace and fair jumping power, - he should be heard of later on iii something more important. Beau Brummel was an indifferent second, and I don't think Edge, who was in the saddle, had a very comfortable ride op the shifty bay. It is not often that a finer finish is seen than that between Laird of Kilrie and Glendale in the Sub'urban Handicap. They almost shared favo ritism, Glendale being but half a point ^shorter than the Scotch gent. The latter made the pace a cracker from the jump, but. Glendale got level with him at the half-distance, and from.there it | was "nip and tuck" between them. Perhaps Stan ley Thomas's horsemanship enabled him to squeeze the Laird home first by a head, but, at the same time, Fount rode a very fair mee on Glendale, who was conceding the winner over a stone and a half. There was promise of a nasty accident during the race, as the field were badly bunched at tho homo turn, where, owing to jostling and bump ing, Sweet Rose was knocked on her nose and knees, and W. Delaney was shot over her head, but he was lucky to escape with a shaking. The metalliclans found something of a friend in Re flector, who comfortably appropriated the Sandown Park Handicap. Wild Olive was picked on as a "cert," and backed consistently down to 5 to 2, while fives were easily obtainable about the win ner. The mare, however, made a very bad show ing in the race, but I liked the way Adjuster finished'. Flaneur also showed a fair turn of speed. Once again "pedigree unknown" triumphed in the Steeplechase, when neither the bar sinister nor the more material timber bars prevented Bri gadier from easily beating a fair class jumping field. The military gentleman was in strong de mand at fours and fives when the betting opened, but, as soon as the money was planked on Mail boat and Comboyne, who started equal favorites,' at fours, C. Smith's horse went back to tens and twelves. Albany might have shaken him up at the finish had he not smashed into the last fence, But I think that, as a rule, when, a horse falls in a jumping race, the fact may be accepted as prima facie evidence that he is beaten, or, at least, tiring. As a daughter of Sunrise had won the first race of the day, it was only befitting that a son of the same horse should win the last one. Orient managed to do this in the Welter,- for which fourteen competitors colored. Elstow was made favorite at 7 to 2, but he had to be content with second place to Orient, who, starting at fives, carno with a Malua-like rush in the last twenty strides. The outing at Maribyrnong on Thursday proved on the whole a very healthy one for backers, thc favorite or second favorite getting home first in every race. There was a good field in the Maiden Plato, as far as mere numbers were concerned, but the quality was anything but high class. Naturally enough, Chillagoe was selected to supply the winner, rmd he opened in the betting at evens, while, before the barrier rose, punters had to lay 7 to 4 on the son of Grandmaster, Day Pe'ep and Quartz Reef being the most fancied of the others, and the three finished exactly accord ing to the order of the betting. Beau Brummel was .only opposed in the Hurdle by Financier and Come Ashore, and again, of course, backers had to lay odds on Niagara's tricky son. As Financier fell, and Come Ashore didn't seem to know much about jumping, Edge had no difficulty in scoring on the Beau. There wasn't much to choose between Lah'dof Kilrle and Gardener in the betting for the Aberfeldie Handicap, but Burn eventually got the latter home a comfortable win ner after Vesperus and The Laird had done most of the pacing. Snorter and Muriel were pi^etty well equal favorites for the Steeplechase, 3 to 2 being about the best price obtainable for either in a very weak field. They raced together nearly the whole way, but Snorter had a good deal the best'of the tussle at the finish. As in most of the other events, the "books" cut things very fine for backers In the Lincoln Handicap, only 3 to 2 being on offer at the start about Flaneur, who was made favorite on the" strength of his Sandown Park running. Grand Flaneur's son justified his friends' confidence, however, by win ning easily from The Bird. I'm inclined to think though that one or two of the prads in the ruck could have been much handier at the finish. The Inyers of odds had slightly the better of backers over the Jumpers' Flat Race, for which Humula was made a warm 3 to 2 favorite. He could get no nearer than third at the business end of the journey, the winner turning up in Tutor, a son of Mentor, who was fairly well supported at fours. The Sunbury baronet, Sir Rupert Clarke, pro poses to decrease his racing string, though it is understood that James Scobie will continue to train a few up Ballarat ,way. , Word has been received from Albany that when the Thermopylae arrived at that port Chesney was in excellent health. Judging by the annual report just Issued, the Williamstown Racing Club has had a very good year. Over £1000 of the £5120 owing by the club has been wiped off, exclusive of £269 in interest. Since the formation of the club over £23,000 have been spent in improvements. A useful country performer named Tradetor, a son of Tradition, broke his leg a few days ago while doing a gallop on the Ararat racecourse, and had to be destroyed. The Prahran police took action on Thursday against a man named Frank Pilcher, on a charge of conducting a common gaming-house at Prah ran. As he had one "prior," the magistrates imposed a fine of £100. Alfred Gèohegan, a Prah ran bookmaker, was also fined £20 for wagering in the local street. The Caulfield Court was crowded on Friday, when Jeremiah Heffernan, horseowner, was charged with attempted murder by shooting at James Hayes, ex- jockey, and also with wilfully wounding a racehorse, the property of Hayes. The. latter admitted in the witness-box that he had given Heffernan much provocation, and, it was shown that accused was mad drunk at the time. As the- bench did not think Heffernan had wilfully- tried to shoot Hayes, they dismissed the case, but committed him for trial on the charge of shooting- the horse. As a result of ? the conference between repre sentatives of the Victorian Club committee and the . delegates acting for dissatisfied members of the club the committee agreed to call a special meeting of the members for October ll, to con sider the advisableness of altering the rules in the direction of abolishing the power of veto ex-. cept in the case of bookmakers. . : The members of Bowes's Tattersall's Club had a rare good time on Thursday evening, when they entertained about 300 guests at a "smoke night." The guests included several Parliamen tary representatives, and a large sprinkling of Victorian Club members. Mr. W. Turnor pre sided, arid during -the evening presented the prizes won at the recent billiard tournament by Messrs." Fleet, H. Pennington, and J. Young. An excellent "programme of songs, recitations, etc., was rendered by several well-known professionals and amateurs. It is understood that W. Hickenbotham will leave this week for Sydney with Promontory, Fleet ' Admiral,. and. Le. Yar. . The former and latter seem to be in nice order, but Fleet Admiral can do with a few, more gallops yet. : I would advise admirers of the horse to keep their money back till they are sure of seeing'him at the post. Even if Promontory does not score, Lo Var ia certain to pick up something before returning home. He has shown excellent track form dur ing the past week. Promontory not being able to keep alongside of him; yet undoubtedly the colt can gallop. The trotter Cecelia was purchased by Mr. Port house for 24*£gs, and Good Luckjjy Mr. J. Bergin for 20gs, in Melbourne. Spencer fell in the Victorian Club Handicap at' Caulfield on Saturday, and it is feared that ixe baa fractured his shoulder. lt. Lewis, the Victorian lightweight jockey ar rived in Melbourne on Monday, having travelled overland from Adelaide. He states that the ma jority of Brewer's team are well, Manazona-and The Grafter especially so, but the. climate has played havoc with Battalion, who has fallen away a great deal, and, moreover, as recently stated, he has developed a leg. Brewer's horses are not likely to do any good this season, but Brewer and ' Lewis look forward with confidence to the Austra lian representatives rendering a good account of themselves next season. Lewis, while in Eng land, was offered several mounts, but they were poor, and he preferred to stand down. England, he says, stands in awful need o-f the improved methods of the starting machine. On one occa sion when he rode The Grafter, the wait at the post extended over an hour and. a quarter. Ballistite aird- Reginald were backed in Mel - bourne oh Monday for the Caulfield Cup to win £2000.at 100 to 3. "Mr. J. H. Davis's Malvolio .colt Tablik is amiss. 