CURIOSITIES OF MARRIAGE. Of all subjects, marriage is perhaps the most generally interesting— except to tho mnrricd. Here is a catalogue of curiosities in matrimony : Probably the briefest courtship on record was thnt of John Bnta and Mary Ann Bass, who wcro married in August, 1819, in n email town in Now York State, after an acquaintance oi ono nour. a poet oi tne period thus im mortalised tho event : — Is this not angling well, I ask, Such tender bait to take ? Ho cougbt in one Bhort hour a Bass ; The Bass, though, caught the Bate, On the other hand, 'long-extended court, ships an bp n« maws uncommon. A con. spicuous ono wns that botweon Captain Thomas Bnxtcr, of Qulncoy, and Miss Whit- moro, who wore united ntBridgqwator in 1788. The bridegroom was sevouty.six years old, nnd tho brido fifty-seven. Thoir wedding brought to a succossful tesuo a protracted nnd tedious courtship of ferty-ciRht years, which thoy both sustained with uncommon fortitude. Coming down to our own times, tho year 1892 is noteworthy for perhaps "tbo most ex peditious marriage ceremony ever performed, it occurred in tho States. Tho contracting parties desired to catoh a particular boat, so a justice made them husband and wife in a carriago whilo tho horses wero being rapidly driven to the whnrf. A minister refused to unite tho couple, and only ton minutes re mained boforc the depnrturo of tho steamer; but even in thnt nricfspncoajusticowas fouuu andthoknotwasticd. The happy pair caught the boat. Marriages in queer piacesnrebut the natural jd| outcome of this i ovolty-loving age. It 1897 a w wedding was gono through in a den of lions, when the brido and bridegroom, the clergy man, and as many of tho bridesmaids as... could fiod room, entered tho den, and tbo entire cvicmcoy was gono through. Those wero two lions iu'the cage, but thoy appeared too. amazed to show foroolty. Duringthe Chicago World'sFnira marriage took placo on the Ferris Wbocl, at n height of 250ft abovo the ground. Another couple ohose tho ln.fldc oh tho head at tho huge figuro of tho Goddess of Liberty in tho Now York harbour for their marriage. Vory quaint too, was tho idea of a bridegroom who olioso a spot in a cemetery, close to tho grave of his first wifo, as tho scene for his second marriage crcmony. Weddings havo been solemnised in bailons, and in coal mines, by telephone, and on tho phonograph, in show windows, nnd on houso-roofs; in fact, in All sorts of places have twos been made ones, not except- . ing denth-boda. ' In connection with dcnth-bed marriages, hero Is a remarkable incident. Somo yfcars ago a young Hungarian military offlcer was --.. .. requested to pay a visit to a rich widow of sixty, who, tho doctore said was on tho point of dentil. Tho soldier went, nnd tho lady said that if he married her all her wealth ... would be his. Thinking tho chnnco too great to be thrown away, ho agreed, and they wero married. Thon a romnrkablo thing hap- noned : tho sunnoscd dvina woman nloked ua her health again, and lived for another twenty year, eventually going bonco in 1690. It 1b a truly sad story, ns the young man's life uas ruined by his unhappy marriage. The chaplain of a country goal onco mnr- ried a convict. The clergyman wns a widower with quite ft retinue of children. This ex ceptional union woiiid not havo been known but for tho fact that the wife neglected to report on her ticket-of-lcnvo, nnd tbo officials of tbo Penal Department complained acoord- Ingly. In consequence of this tho chaplain wns appointed to another prison. Many unexpected things havo happened at weddings, but it is rare indeed that one hears of n brido becoming Insane immediately after the ceremony. Suoh a case, however, occurred . at Stuttgart. The couple were returning homo from the registry 'office, when suddenly tbo brido sprang from the carriago and ran tq her mother's houso, whore sho threw herself - , on the floor screaming that ghosts wero follow ing her. Tho unfortunnto lady hnd gono raving road, nnd was taken to a lunatio asylum. In 1892, nt Ohristchurob, New Zealand, a woman minus arms was married' tho ring being placed on the fourth toe of her left foot. Suoh an event has occurred before. In the- ' marriage register of the ehuroh of St. dames', Bury St. Edmunds, Is this singular record : — 1832, November 5, Christopher Nornson,' Charity Morrcll. Charity Morrell being en tirely without arms tbe ring was placed upon the fourth toe of hor right foot, and she wroto her name In this register with, her right foot; — 44 Dally Mail." 