SILAS REDFERH'S DIS APPEARANCE. Tbe sayeteriocs du»ppeara»oe of old Bilu Bedfetnw* a serious matter for Hamie. She had barn too loving » nieoe and tea uasopaitti eatej a girl to Indulge in any sordid specula tion* e» to when bet liaob't money in likely to become hen. 8be.,beHeved tus* all deleft behind blm would b» hen same day, as in the ordinary Bonne of nature be ought to die many yean before she did. ? Thsogb he. was tiie most notorious old skin-flint in that put of the country, he was her uncle and the only Uyiag \- relative she hadi £o Mamie f dt it to be her doty to love him and tried h»r utmost to do so, and to i degree ah* suoeeeded. But as for money, and bit money especially, it interested her about ?? flinch u the price of slates or stesT nils anywhere on the Pacific dope. ' Indeed, it was not ustil her osole had dis appmred that the word ' money ' same to have any r»aT significance to Mamie Bedfern. It was when she found herself alone in Firdale Hall, with at maid looking to her for every thing, and Bart Frusher, the single labourer her unele had kept about the place, wanting eleven shillings as a tall week** wages lawfully due to Urn, that Mamie awakened. She positively had not a shilling. She sever bad bad money. Living there at the aid Hall, ?he neve* had wanted any. All .tilings that ware needful for her, bet uncle had provided. They bad come- in proper course, mod Mamie had grown up in that strong faith of childhood which dispoK* of all difficult!** of ways aid means with the confident affirmation 'Father will pay,' or ' Code will pay.' Mamie re membered when her affirmation had taken the flret form, bat for seven yean put it had taken the last. She had lived with her oade for ?even yean. And now that he had gone, she was mistress ol Firdale, and poorer than her tnaid, ~who bad received a month's wage* three weeks before. HeruDole had disappeared without leaving any doe as to hit whereabouts. Mamie bad been epending the day with. Lent, Belfleld at Whitethorn Lodge below the village. Fordyoe, her maid, had gone out towards the clow of tiie afternoon to make some purchases. When she left, her master, Bilas Bedfern, was walk ing up and down the path which led from the back of the Hall to the road, apparent); absorbed in Rome matter of importance. Bat it was m ordinary a eueamstanoe for him to walk about the Hall and grounds with tbat pre-occupied air, that Fordyoe thought nothing of it, but went on her way towards tile village. That was the last tbat was seen of Silas Bed fern alive. Every effort to discover him, living or dead, had hitherto failed. It was now five months since he had disappeared. There was no evi dence of bis death, and there was no reaaon to suppose that be had made away with himself. And what deepened the mystery sarroanding his disappearance was tbat no will or papers found. Every room and box and drawer was ?ansocked, but no paper of legal value was dis covered. Mamie knew that be had had pack agis of document*. Be had been in the habit of spending Jjoura with them in a little room which opened into bis bedroom on the Brat floor. There were three large trunks and a writing desk in thit room,and Mamie was under the impression that her onole had kept the papers in the trunks. But when they came to toe examined they were found to eootmin rnb bieh. wwn-ont clothing, and old bed coverings arbich were dropping to pieces from old age. There was not a vestige of paper or parchment in any at them. Not only; had Silas Bedfern disappeared, toot hup^pi^ihiiiaraappeared, too. ' Everyone believed that he was dead, but all ?Sorts to discover his body had proved fruitless. IJndtr the oloao scrutiny to which Fordyce was subjected, the girl waaiseiced -with an ungovern able terror. The -ideas of death, of murder, of unknown Wrrors filled her 'with dread. She btcame hysterical, aad refused to stay another iiigbt iu Firdale Hall. Her fear was contagions. Mamie SJuttekly caught it, and was oonsumed t-y a oeaso of indescribable horrors. She, too, Ueolared that she could not remain Joager at the Hall. It seemed to be haunted by a legion of evil spirits wbioh pervaded ita very atmos phere. So Thomas Belfield, Lena Belfield'a gather, took pity on her, and took Mamie her ?jeif to Whitethorn Lodge to .spend a few weeks tvitb Lena. ana^a&^a.tTtm^aJdmeaV Though e, perfect inpaceataa regards -money matters and the affairsWnunness*13e7-1iamTe Bedfern was^enerof^the most popular ghia (or tailea roundl 'She was sixteen^ vivacious as a spring breese, and the mischievous' member of the Firdale tennis dub.' Then were, at least, three fellows of the dob who had designs on Mamie, but the only one ?who found her at all responsive was Walter Manton, : the son ef a rusticating iron merchant. ; As soon aa . Walter began to pay serious attention to her, it was patent to everyone tbat he was the first and only favourite. The other two suitors accord ingly stood off like honourable mes, and left Hamie to Walter. And from that time the village looked upon her as properly appropri ated. Those who were intimate with Walter Manton congratulated him upon his good for tune in' having second Mamie. Those who were not* Intimate with bim envied him and »aW tbat eome people were ' always in luck's way.' No one was more 'concerned over Silas Bed fern's disappearance than Walter Manton. It caused him many ? sleepless oight,tnd the pri vate inquiries he instituted cost bim a con siderable amount of money. He saw the awk ward position in which the disappearance of MamieVtonole and the family papers had left her. He determined, therefore, that no trouble or expense be could command should be spared in the effort to clear op the mystery. Walter and I had long been fast friends. Our tastes were alike, and as our houses were not far apart we were frequently ftraad at each other's abode. Besides, then was aa attraction . for me .at The Rowans, the home of the 'Mars- tons, which would have accounted for my fre quent presence there hail Walter breu in the Antipodes. He had a very engaging sister, whose name was Alice, and by common gossip Alice Marston and I were to be united in holy matrimony. Be tbe truth of tbat what it might, - I confess to having been with Alice Mantoa in tbe conservatory at The Rowans one lowly ' eveuing in July. ,, She bad taken me in to look at a vine whioh, under her attention, had be come one of the finest in the diatrict. I bad properly admired the delicate plant, and paid Alioe every permissible compliment for bringing it into such a remarkably healthy and prolific state, when oui conversation turned upon Mamie Bedfern and the°disappearance of her uncle. 1 noticed tbat Alice laid down the light pair of cbears sbe bad taken up, and that she sud denly stood still, lookiog very grave. ' What's tbe matter, Alice P' I said, startled by the change which had come over her. ' Clem ! Do you kuo'w what I think about it F°' She spoke very deliberately. ?? What, Alice V' I was all attention. '? I believe that Mr. Redfern is somewhere in that house. If be hid made away with himself outside, they would have found bim. He's in the house. 1 feel sura of it.' ?? What makes you tbink so, Alice P' ' I've thought so for a month new. One night last week I was -dreaming abaut Mamie and tbe Hall. 1 dreamt that I saw Hr. Bedfern, oome twice tu to* window of the little room at the south «Drner. He beckoned to me and then'1 pointed with his right hand.' 'Pointed 1 HowP Where f» I gasped, ?? Towards the other side ', towards the mid- die of the house over the front entrance. 1 saw him H plainly as I sun yen. I'm sure he is ?omewfaen-in there. T-. ro yon go in sod see, OlemP' « Dan If Aye, a hundred times. But the plaoe has been ransacked very nearly that,*' ' laid, excited by wbat.ibe had told me. I tamed the matter over in my mind, aad re tailed every auoumstanoe wbleh had oome to light bearing noon Mr. Bedfera's movements np to tbe tame of bis disappearance. The mom IUioughtoverittho more strange it teemed tome that, if dead, bis body should not have been fonud. There was no deep water any where within three miles of Kraals Hall/ There were .five pits which served as watering plaees tor eattle.aad these ha* all been e»re. folly dragged. The polioe wen satiated that Mr. Bedfero's body Was not in any of them. So that everything pointed to bun being above ground either alive sir dead ; yet np to that time there had not been a single cine discovered as to his whereabout*. » The more I thought of it, the more reasonable did Aline'e suppoaitioB become tbat the mus ing man was still in his own honae. I deter mined that I would tdl Waltsr Manton '-wb-t his sister had amid and ask him to join me in a thorough exploration of firdale Ball. 'Byjove! took at that new J The Vwyaame thought has been hauptitig my mind for a fort night past,' Walter explained, when 1 told him of Alioe'ssuspieUn. 8» he feU in eagerly with my proposal to explore tiie Hall, and we arnaged to do so on the following morning. Krdale Hall was* plain. «baUaUaUy*oilt pUoe standing in ita own groonds, about 200 yards from a road whioh led into the main road a, tittle to the south of Firdale Village. A row of trees shielded the upper part of the Hall from obMtrvation.aod left its only architectural feature in view from the road. This was a pillared portico before tbe front entraooe. which served 'to relieve the monotony of tbe plain, red brick front. Except tor the siaging »f the birds, the place was as stHl a* the grave when Walter and I walked op to the front door. We had quite bvb minntes' fomble each before we ooold get the rusty key properly into the look, as tbe front door had not been opened for Dearly three months. Old Mn. Corkhill, who spent two dayseaoh week in tbe house dotting and attend ing to the furniture, os*d * (mall aide door to enter and leave. ' We, however, decided that we would enter by the front, as we thought the place would be all the sweeter to ourselves if we set the large front door wide open te admit th»air. Hew still everything was! Not as much as tbe scratobiBjr of a mouse could be beard as we stood is itie firit room ou tbe ground floor. For a moment we remained perfectly motionless, paying a kiad of involuntary deference to the ?plaWwhieh Gtu been the home ot Mamie Ked fem. The old pictures upon the walls were too faded TortheirBubjectntebe distinguishable, for Silas Bedfern would as soon have thought of giving his life as of spending money npon fur bishing np what he regarded as useless incum brances. He had net placed Uiem there, but many a time he bad bemoaned the folly of those who had squandered good money over doing so. We went through the house from ground floor to rosf. Every room we oenld find was care fully eramined.and every box or article of furni ture which could bare contained as much as the body of a child was subjected to a scrutiny so thorough that we would have risked ear lives anon its completeness. Then was one tinng wbieh hat sent a ebill through me the moment we reaebed the top of tiie stain leading to the first floor. I had de tested a peculiar odour which my mind im mediately associated with the body of Silas Bedfern. Walter did not notice it, so I put it down to fancy. Oar search was fruitless. I proposed tbat we should go outside again and take another good look at tbe boose. Walter readily awented, so we went to the ball and then out by the front door, whioh we had left open. We stood baok on the grass beyond the gravel walk to obtain a better new of the frontage. ' Alice said that in her dream he came twice to that window, and pointed to the middle of toe house over the front entrance,'! remarked, V w^stowa vainly looking for some clue. ? .'.That would mean somewhere about the stairs,' Walter answered, knitting his brows aa ifthiskinc hard. ' The stain, eh I There might be something in that. Let as go and have another look round,' I said, a vague, uneasy feeling coming over me. 'We went from bottom to top sf the house, and examined every landing, with the same result as before. ' Well, we may give it np as a bad job,*' said Walter, as we slowly came down on to the first floor landing. I had just stopped on to tbe landing, and turned to go aleng to tbe first flight of stein. I was on the point of assenting to Walter's re mark, when my eye caught sight of something whioh aroused my curiosity. It had never straok me before, and Walter had evidently not yet noticed that between the wall and the stain we had just come down and the nearest wall ef the room which stood next to the stairs on that side, there was a short length of wall measuring about four feet and formiag the aide of the landing. It occurred to me tbat I bad sever seen any thing in the room on either side of the stain corresponding with the short wall, nor yet with the width of the stain themselves. I should have expected to find a deep closet or a small, room . under the itairs, but 1 ooold not recall having seen a traoe of either. ' Here ; come back ! There's something I'm not satisfied about,' I said, turning back to the room beyond tbe stairs. 1 examined the wall closely. It had an old paper on which was un broken. There was no indication of any room or recess runcjng under tbe stairs on tbat side. I went back along tbe landing into the room on the otbrr side of the stain. It, too, was papered. I ran my hand over the side nearest the stain, but found nothing to excite sus picion. The paper was intaot, and the wall seemed firm enough when tapped by my knuokle. ' What on earth are yon after P' Walter asked. He bad looked on blankly while I passed my band over the paper of the wall. ' Bee,' I aa-d. ' From the far side of the stairs to this wall is about seven feet. The wall runs that way about twelve feet What's in between the two walls P' ' The stain,' he answered, simply. ' Nonsense ! - They don't take up a third of it. There's space. They don't build tn el ve- by-sevea of solid bricks. I want to know what's in there,' I said, exoitedly. We went backwards and forwards from one room to the other, but no trace of &a; aparturs could we Sad or any mirk whioh would indicate a possible opening. Hen was a mystery, but one I was determined to solve if I bad hi -bring in worjtmen to break through the wall. We went up the stairs and along the upper lauding, but still there wai no trace perceptible of any opening I was more than ever con vinced, though, that under antf beyond these stain layenough space to form a small chamber, and I meant to get into tt'iomehow. I was on the point of leaving the place with the intention of bringing back s brioklayer, when an idea ooourred to me, doing to the top .of the stairs, I eamn slowly down baek ?rarda,«iaspiog each step as I came, and trying to raise or dislodge it. Net a stsp moved. I got to the bottom aad grasped the edge of the lowest step. I was exasperated at the ' failure of my last scheme, and gave a^indie- ' tavs tug at the woodwork. To my consterna tion, half of she flight of stain seemed to dis appear, and I felt forward into a yawning ' cavity trbsn ao instant before the stair* had teen. ^ ? Walter saw me fall and heard my shout, and tried to drag toe back, but the momentum I had attained through the jerk I had gives at the stop carried me away from bim. Before he csuUmalmaeesoadgrabatinelhad ?truck a floor, but, beyond Ike feeling of tbe sharp cou onssion, I was nnhnrt. J. rose quickly to my fttt and loekod before me. I waainanurow and dimly-lighted room. Looking tonnd I saw tbat the stairway was still open, and that the lower half of the rtsira was somehow suspended upwards. ' Come in ; there's'*, good floor J we shall find something here,' I said to Walter. He stooped and came into when I stood. %hen we slowly advanced towards tfee ead of tbe chamber. . We had only made three steps forward when we simultaneously stopped and gripped each other; At the end of the chamber stood a huge chest, the massive lid of which we could sea was' raised about three inches. la front of the okest, kneeling by it, was a human form, its head and sboalden being hidden by tbe heavy lid which had dosed down npon them. One glance KnCBoed to oonvtnoo us that* the mysteryof Silas Bedfera's disappearance was solved. *Pe knew that the kneeling form, txapped, as it were, by the ponderous lid of the «hest before us, was the mortal remains of Mamie's uncle. We advsneed to the chest and raised the lid. Then we drew back the distorted form, crooked like the letter 8 and rigid as steel. It fell heavily on to tbe boards with a thod which nearly unnerved us. The cheat was one of the massive old fashioned structures of heavy ,irou bands, bolts, aad solid oak, such as an met with in .old country cbarehes as depositories of parish rolls and registers. It was nearly half full of documents, and contained three small bags in which wen £297 in gold. Everything was dear as we looks* at that huge box and then at the crooked form before us. The room was the spaoaonder the stein and between tbe other two rooms.Tbe only entrance was that by which we had come. To enable it to be used, tbe lewer part of the Wain bad been made to raise upward, a counterpoise ixiag attached at the upper end beyond the bar woish served ss a pivot for it to swing upon. It was this eoonterpoue which caused the steps to remain suspended in the air after I had first jerked them up. Such light as there was in the room came down from a little barred window in tbe back will of tbe house, whioh we afterwards found was bidden from outside observation by a skeleton pil(et-c-cote without a roof, beiog suspended in front of it, but sufficiently far from the glass to allow the light to enter . All the deeds of the Redfero propertied were found arranged with scrupulous care in the chest we had discovered. . Bilas Bedfern had used the chamber as bis secret room, and had evidently takes the ?pportuaity of Mamie and Fordyoe being away from the house to enter it for the purpose of examining gome of tbe papers or of addiag more gold to his (tore. Tbe lid bad evidently fallen down upon him and stunned him, aad he had sunk forward into the chest to be held by the cruel grip of tbe lid until death first, and then we, released him. Mamie was legally entitled to everything. Neither she nor Fordyce bad any knowledge or suspicion of theexiiitnnoeef tbe secret chamber, and what we told them about it made it im possible for either of them to live again in Fir dale HalL In twelve months Walter Marston led Hamie to the altar.and then took her to the new bouse half-a-mile below Tbe Rowana, where Fordyce joined her again. Firdale Hall remained nntenanted, and gradually sank into decay. It is now used as a granary and for stabling, and the aimple folk of the district aver that at times a figure may be seen at tbe ruined window at the south corner, and that it is the ghost of Silas Kedfem. 