ini-ii - — — r - — A ONE-LEGGED INTRUDER. , Assaults two women. w»l hogan's case. The., one - kgged boy. W.jn. Ilogan. who violently assaulted two elderly- ladles on Urn 10th InaL, was brought before- Messrs Burst (chair man). Ooldsptpk, and Sutherland. J.'aP.. at the -Carlton Court tp-day op two charges of unlawful assault and'one ex larceny. Sub-Inspector Hehlr, la opening the cose, said that It was quite beyond his comprehension why the accused should have behaved in such an extraordinary The first witness was a feeble old lady, seventy or eighty years old, named Slar- garot Wilting. She was accommodated with a seat on thu floor of the court, and gave her evidence in a weak, Indistinct voice. She-said she resided 'with a Mrs Williams at the corner of Madeline and Lynch streets, Carlton. About half-past four on the morning In question, a morning tfhe would never forget us long j is she lived, she heard a noise in the bedroom. She asked her friend, Mrs Williams, If anything were wrong, raid receiving no answer, she said. "Is that you, Mrs Williams, or Is it your ghost? In the name of God speak!" Mrs Wil liams then said, "It's Willie Jlogan," sind she turned and asked Mm what brought him there. He was clad only in his shirt, and he immediately Jumped on the bed and struck wltncsu across the head with a billet of wood. The piece of wood was produced. It Is an ordinary lump of firewood about a couple of inches thick and a foot long. There wore several grey halra adhering to It. Witness, continuing, wild that the blow cut her head open, nnd she went down to Mrs Hognn's to get them to tr.ke the boy away. They put a towel round her head, and she was subse quently removed to the hospital, where several stitches were put la the wound. Mrs Mary Williams, a woman con siderably past the prime of life, said she Slept In the same room us the last wit ness. Mrs Whiting called her attention to something in the room, and witness recognised in the form the accused, She questioned him regarding Ills presence there, and he said he had come for a bed. Witness advised, him to go to his own house, and lie llien said It was bis clothes that lie was after. Witness got out of bed, and accused then struck her with the piece of wood on the head and arm. She saw Mm strike Mrs Whiting, and heard him exclaim that if he hud a revolver he would ahoot tliem l>otb. Wit ness succeeded in taking the wood from him, and he left the place by the back window, the same way that he hud gained entrance. On going down stairs witness found that accused had lighted the lamp before proceeding up to . their bedroom. Sub-inspector Ilchir: Did you have this clothing?— Not that night. Has his mother been In the habit of giving you his clothes to mind?— No. She only gave them to me once. Mr Hurst, J.I'.; What did she give you Ills clothes for?— 1 suppose his mother did not want him to get them to go out. Senior-Constable Khechun Mild that he went to the premises of the last witness nt twenty minutes to six and found Mrs Whiting all over blood. She and Mrs Wil liams were removed to tho Hospital, where they were attended to. Four Htliches were put in Mrs Whiting's head. All the parties were at Mrs Hogun'a place when witness arrived. Tho charge of stealing a silver watch and chain, valued nl 30s. the property of his mother, was then gone on with. Mrs Hogan said she wanted to with draw the charge. The boy would have sufficient punishment with the charges already heard. She was not pprmltted to withdraw it. Witness then said that the articles under notice were always left at the bedside to enable her boys to know the time to get up. They were in tiielr usual place on tlie morning of 2Slh December, but :ihc subsequently missed Lhem. Moss Aarons, pawnbroker, of 101 Lygn street, Carlton, said Uiat on the 2SUi ulL accused went Into bis shop and sold that his mother had burst a vein In her leg, and the doctor had ordered her to get medlclnis and lotions Immediately. The only thing she had In tlx? house to raise sufficient money wax the watch and chain. Witness happened to know Mrs Hofpin, and he sent accused hack to ask hlH mother how much she wanted Ho returned, and said 10s; which was accord ingly paid over. Subsequently Mrs Hogan calh?d, and witness gave her Uie pawn tkket. Mr Ilurst, J.P.: What is the ago of Uils Mrs Hogan : Ho was fourteen on last Christmas Eve. He was born in New Zealand. Mr Hurst: Arc all the parties neigh bors? Sub-Inspector Ilehir: Yes; they are all good friends. Mr Hurst : It's an extraordinary affair, all friends together. After a lengthy consultation, the boy wax committed to the Reformatory, Royal Park. Sub-Inspector Hehlr-suggcsted Uiat the pawnbroker should not bo allowed to lose the money he had advanced on tho watch. Mr Hogan replied that that matter had already been all arranged between them. Tho boy then left the court weeping co piously. 