THE FID OF THE CENTURY. From a British Standpoint. v A FEW WORDS OF HISTORY. I "Australian Star" Special.) With the ctose of the coming year the world will enter on the 20th century of the Christian era. We are now, therefore, on the evo of the last year of the nineteenth cen-' tury. The occasion gives occasion for reflection. No doubt different opinions will be held as Co' what has been 'the chief characteristic of the 100 years fust drawing to a close. There are many to choose from, such as the social progression indicated by the abolition of slaves, and serfs, and the trend of legislation In favour of the working classes; the great Industrial development by means of Intense culture, rind wondrous In ventions of m'nehinery; the maglclan-like strides made by applied sciences, especially those with steam and electricity - as motive powers or ' d'gents; the- eVoIhtion of ' the Fourth Estate; the Spreading of the white races to the ends of the world; arid Che gran deur and domination attained by the leitdlng nations of Europe and the United States ,of America. But what has been more remark able than the growth and glory of the British Empire? GREAT BRITAIN'S MODERN CAREER. The little, sea-girt Isles we hall from have a recorded history of over 1900 "years. It covers an Indefinite period of occupancy by the Cel tic race In a state or barbarism; over three and n half centuries of Roman rule; a cen tury in which the English from Germany took possession; and ten more centuries of mediae-, val rule. The modern history of England be gan with the accession to the throne of Henry VII. in 1485. so It covers a period of a little over 400 years. In order to duly appreciate the stage of progress reached by the British nation during the century now closing It Is well to glance back at the three preceding cycles of our modern history — that is to say, the 16th, 17th, and 18th centuries of the Chris tian era. PROGRESS UNDER AN AVARICIOUS SOVEREIGNTY. . The 10th century wns characterised by many Important events In England. The last traces of the feudal system entirely disap peared, the middle-class arose, printing from type was introduced, literature began to flou rish as never before, knowledge was diffused, and the people began to think for .themselves an the questions of the day. America was discovered, the sea route to India was estab lished, and British commerce entered on a rapid development. It was also during this century that the Spanish naval supremacy was overthrown, and England awoke to her destiny as the Ruler of the Seas. These' events were all coincident with the sove reignty of the House of Tudor, and they were all glorious; but there was many a blur on the picture. By the marriage of Henry VII. to Elizabeth of York the claims of the rival roses had been united, but Insurrections, re bellions, factions. Impostors, pretenders, plots, and conspiracies, resulting in invasions and internecine conflicts, and followed by behead ings and burnings at the stake, continued to distract and disgrace the country. These, too, were the years when the Influence of the1 Church, was small, and that of the House of Commons very feeble; and when even the aristocracy was of little account. It was in this era also that the African slave trade was established by a representative Englishman (Sir John Hawkins), that British pirates, buc caneers, or filibusters, began their raids on the Spanish Main. Yet throughout this cen tury the people of England were steadily rising to a higher status In the civilised world. Of the flrst Tudors not one died re gretted by the nation at large. When avari cious and extortionate Henry VII. gave up the ghost there was a sigh of relief. The haughty Henry VIII., though at flrst popular went to his grave execrated as a veritable' Blue Beard, and as a debauched despot, who had practically subverted Parliament,, and nearly crushed the spirit of liberty out of the people. Even Elizabeth— "Good Queen Bess" after a bright reign of over 50 years, fell Into such a lamentable state of dotage that it was a relief when she died, in her 70th year, 10 years younger than our present Queen. It was, however, during these reigns that Sir Thomas More; Sir. Philip Sidney, Edmund pnenser, Sir Francis Bacon, and, above all, Shakespeare, founded the modern school of English literature. DIVINE RIGHT V. CONSTITUTIONAL- FREEDOM. The succeeding hundred years formed an other very remarkable period in' British his tory. A Scottish king succeeded to the throne' of England, thus uniting In one person the crowns of the three countries, and Inaugurat ing the history of the British House of Stuart, which, with certain interregnums, was fated to rule throughout the century. Religious strife continued to be the chronic condition of affairs, with plots, perjuries, and persecutions. By the pedantic James I. and his royal successors the Divine Right of kings was pitted against constitutional freedom. Parliament was treated cavalierly, and even jnored ; and absolute monarchy was striven or by the occupants of the throne. This struggle had two culminations— the Crom- welllan Commonwealth, after the Parliamen tary War of 1042-51, and the execution of Charles I., In 1649; and the Revolution of 1088. which- drove' James II. to France for a sanc tuary and placed William of Orange in his place.. Then came the finul triumph of Par liament It was during this struggle for constitutional government that many of the puritans sought freedom to worship God ac cording to their own consciences in North 'America; that John Hampden resisted the Il legal exaction of ship money, and roused the whole country to a sense of oppression; that -the people of Scotland signed their National ! Covenant, binding themselves to uphold their own form of religion; thnt the Star Chamber .was abolished, and Triennial Parliaments in sisted on; that two Parliaments were sum marily expelled for Incapacity; that old in sanitary London was stricken by plague, and cleansed- by fire; that a struggle between England and Holland for the supremacy of the sea, in which for the first and last time an enemy's- fleet sailed up the Thames and- destroyed the shipping, ended in the treaty of Nlmeguen in 1678; that the Habeas Corpus Act, securing the liberty of the subject was passed (1679) ; that politicians divided, themselves into the- opposing camps of Whigs and Tories — a division which is found perpetuated to the present day 'with Liberals as the Whigs and Conservatives aa the Tories. But it was the "Great und Glo rious . Revolution" that was the crowniug event ,of this century. James IT. was a hun dred years behind hl3 time. Like the preced- ng Stuarts, he degraded England by demean- 'g himSelf .to LouIb XIV. of , France, In ser- e faah' n, for lucre; whilst towards hir own subjects he so played the part of on Insane tyrant that he gave occasion for several rebel lions, and' finally revolution; a revolution Which was as remarkable In its character as It was supremely Important in Its nature. In England there was no bloodshed, no tumult even, nor any departure from law and order, or from Constitutional lines of procedure. By Invitation of the Whigs the Prince of Orange, grandson of Charles I., and his wife, Mary, eldest daughter of the fugitive King, crossed the water, and were crowned King and Queen under such conditions as constituted the com mencement of n now and better era In British history. William and Mary accepted the Declaration of Rights, thereby acknowledging that the Stuarts of the paBt had claimed powers that were unlawful, renouncing the Divine Prerogative, and recognising that their occupancy of the throne was at tho express- will of the nation, and based upon the con sent of thtlr subjects; they also undertook to govern constitutionally. Thus at last Par liament and the people had triumphed over despotic Royal pretensions. In Scotland and Irelnrid the revolution was not acquiesced In so peacefully, and the disaffected there had to be suppressed by force of arms. FIGHTING FOR INTERNATIONAL LIBERTY. Constitutional freedom having been attain ed at home, the English began the elgheenth century by engaging In a continental war, waged for the preservation of the liberties of Europe, which were menaced by the ambitious- Louis XIV. of France. A Grand Alliance for the purpose was formed' between England, Holland, and Germany, and a series of four battles, beginning wltlrBlenhelm, In 1704", and ending with Malplaquet, In 1709, nil won by the military genius of the English General, the great Duke of Marlborough, humbled Louis. During this war England and Scot land became one nation, under one Parlia ment, and settled the succession to the British Throne ori the Electrons Sophia, of Hanover, and her heirs. This union, though resisted by the Scottish nation, almost to the verge of war, waB peacefully arranged by a confer ence of commissioners, In which each country was equally represented, and it has proved of Incalculable benefit, especially to Scotland. Tho reign of George I. (great-great-grandson of James I., and the flrst of the stlll-relgnlng Brunswick, or Guelphlc, line of British sove reigns) was disturbed by .the Jacobites and the dread of a French Invasion on behalf of James, (he Stuart Pretender. Happily for Britain, all prospect of French aid for the Pre tender vanished with the death of Louis XIV.; nnd what flames of rebellion had been raised were extinguished by the loyal forces In the battles of Preston and Sherrlffmulr. In order to give time for the calming down of the peo ple, before , a general election was held, the duration of Parliament was extended1 from three to seven years; and other notable events of the reign were the curtailing of political Influence of the English Church, and the de velopment of Sir Robert "Wnlpole, who, as a great Chancellor of the Exchequer, materially promoted the commerce and manufactures of the country. Walpole remained 21 years in office, 15 yenrs of the period as Premjer, under George II.; but he owed hls'long term of of- flce less to hlB superlative financial talents than to the buying of votes in a wholesale and methodical manner; and Nemesis overtook htm at the general election of 1741. Four years later the country was again, seriously dis turbed by a Jacobite rebellion ori behalf of the young "Prlnae Charlie," but It was Anally suppressed at Culloden, and the Crown re- : ir.alned unshaken on the-head of the reigning constitutional monarch. - From a . British point of view, the second, half of this centuty was a. very important period, for It; began with, the Seven Years' War, In which -England and Prussia were pitted against all. the rest of Europe: it produced "William Pitt, tho "Great Commoner," and William Pitt, the "younger" and greater Commoner; and it saw India won for Britain by Cllve, and Canada from the French by Wolfe. All this was pro gressive; hut there followed i a set-hack. There was an erratic reaction in high places, George III. ascended the Throne in 1760 ' with a belated notion that he ought to be not as his fathers were. His Idea was to be not :oniy a Constitutional King, but a King with powerful personal Influence.' To that end he : dismissed Pitt, the elder, gathered his own creatures around him In counsel, nobbled an effete' and corrupt Parliament, endeavoured- to stifle a free press, and forfeited the Ame rican colonies now forming the United StateB . by trying to enforce the false principle of tax ation without representation. This century closed with the commencement of a war with revolutionised France, under Napoleon Bona-- parte, which lasted for 22 years.and In which, under Nelson, the British navy went from conquering on to conquer. GLORY AND LESSON OF THE NINE- TEENTH CENTURY. The closing 100 years has been an epoch of British virility. Emerging from the vi cissitudes of barbarism, invasion, internecine 'wars, the dqrkness of mediaeval times, the .battles for personal and national freedom, and for Constitutlorial Government, Great Britain, In the nineteenth century, rose by virtue of prowess, righteousness, and per haps Intuition, to the foremost position amongst the nations of the world. Britons had now entered on that stage of national life so well expressed by our Empire poet but a few months ago:— "All we have of freedom— all we use or know— This our fathers bought for us long and long ago. Ancient Right unnoticed, as the break we draw- Leave to live by no man's leave, 'underneath the law. Lance and torch and tumult, steel and grey goose wing, . Wrenched it, Inch and ell and all,, slowly from the King. Till our fathers 'stabllshed, after4 bloody years, How our King Is one with us, first among his peers. So they bought us freedom,— not at little cost — Wherefore must we watch the King, lest our gain be loBt." OPENED WITH WAR. But at the opening of this century the mil lennium had not yet arrived. The rapacIouB and insatiable Napoleon had to be overthrown In the Interest of the other European nations. This was done, thanks chiefly to Britishers, led on sea by the mighty Nelson and on terra ilrma by he who was'as great on land as the naval liero was by sea— Wellington. For tho flnal subjugation of the French, under Napo- lecn, the Parliament of Great Britain voted the prodigious sum of £110,000,000, and sent 20,000 troops to the field of war; and In the battles of three days the killed numbered 12.000 British and Germans, 16,000 Prussians, ar.d 40,000 French. At the end of the Seven Years' War the national debt of Britain was ' £139,000,000, at the end of the American war it totalled £268,000,000, at the overthrow of Napoleon it had reached the sum of £ 880,000,000. Britain, however, grew In wealth as well as in Indebtedness. With applied sciences at home, and Increasing possessions abroad, the Empire advanced with the strides of a giant. It was her destiny to advance In spite of wrong-beadedness on the part of her statesmen. A LITTLE ENGLAND POLICY. The unjust policy which resulted In the loaq of her American colonies In the previous cen tury became a policy of indifference to, and even of distaste for. colonial possessions. Colonies were regarded as troublesome super fluities. The Idea of a Greater Britain hfld not dawned on the intelligence of officialdom. Sir Geo. Grey was snubbed and recalled for help ing to save India; and New Zealand for the Empire., -But the spirit of British progress was abroad; the Little Englanders eould not stay the tide; and now, at the end of this century, we have the solidarity of tho British Empire demonstrated'' 'on the field of war In South Africa,, where Is presented the specta cle of Canadian, Australian, Cape and Natal troops voluntarily fighting shoulder to should er wltli the Imperial soldiers and sailors for a British South Africa. A FATAL FISCAL POLICY. As in her colonial, so also In her fiscal policy, the mother country was led astray In the c-r.rly half of this century, her Cobden school of statesmen thus robbing "lier of her Inde pendence as a self-sustaining nation. Under free- trade much of the land In the old country, has been turned from cultivation Into deer forests and other depopulated areas, frequent ed only in season by sportsmen. Other coun tries have to be relied on for breadstuffs .rind meat. ... In, manufactures the ojd country is being outpaced by. protectionist Germany, and the protected>producers of the United States. Happily there are not lacking at this, the end of the loth century, Indications of a return to fiscal sanity on the part of Great Britain, such as the movement against unfair bounty-aided competition, and the efforts to establish "fnlr- Irade" and inter-Brltfsli reciprocity,' ;. ... . OTHER DRAWBACKS. In the 19th century, too, Great Britain has suffered through her rulers on tho field of war. The mismanagement In connection with the Crimean war wns scandalous and in human. The . present terrible war in Soritli Africa Is the result of pusillanimity -on tho part of British statesmen. Gordon was mur dered at Khartoum through inaction In Lon don until It was too late. Adversity had also to be faced In the form of commercial embar rassments and panics In 1810, 1825, 1846, 1857, 1SC6, and 1878, to shy nothing of great finan cial collapses In other years. The picture of the century was likewise blurred by the con ditions under which the Chartist riots oc curred In 1845. PROGRESSION TRIUMPHANT. But, on the other hand, what has been achieved In those hundred years? In spite of the many drawbacks alluded to, Britain has held her own, and grown, with wondrous ex pansion, She has so added Immensely to her glory and her greatness that she has become an essential factor to progress In .the civili sation of the world. Large though her sphere . of Influence is there Is no room in -It for non- progression ; and retrogression ennnot be tole rated. When j India lapsed .Into mutiny it was recovered with the grasp of an Iron hand, arid erected into a grander country than ever ' 'It was before. As occasion demanded hostile nnd treacherous neighbours were subdued,, and controllled; and, metaphorically speaking, the -Union Jack followed every Britisher to protect or avenge him to the remotest parts, of the earth. ' COLONIAL DEVELOPMENT. , If In the 18th century the American colonies were lost through unconstitutional oppression, In the 19th other colonial anil Indian empires have been established by .Britain on sound and durable lines. Canada which vvhen won by the military genius of Wolfe, 140 years ago, had a population of but 60,000 French and 400 English, has grown during the present century into a great self-governing Dominion, with a population of 5, 200,000, all Intensely loyal to the 'British Crown. At the beginning of this hundred yeurs the population' of Cape Colony numbered but 29,000; last year fhe Whites ip; Cape Colony and Natal numbered no. less than 2,177,000. The colonial history of Australia commenced in 178S with a popula tion of 923 convicts, soldiers, and settlers. In the hundred years now closing It has deve loped Into self- governing States (soon to be federated Into an Australian Commonwealth), With a population of nearly 3,700,000. In 1839 there were not in New Zealand more than 2000 whites; now there are over 700,000. ' The Crown colonies and other dependencies of Great Britain have similarly developed in proportion to their size in the. period under notice. PRESENT GREATNESS. And so It happens that Great Britain, com menced the century with an area at home of 121,575 square miles, and ' a population of 10,200,000, a number of embryo dependencies In other partB of the world, and India, In the unsatisfactory control of the East India Com pany, is now the paramount power over DO and more distinct portions' of the earth, ag gregating 11,574,000 square miles, with popu-. latlon to the vast aggregate number of 310,- 000,000 souls! No other nation lias dominion' over so much of tlie surface of the globe. Even "all the Russlas" embrace but an area of 8,562,283 square miles, and its population Is but 126,000,000. Only one other country has a greater population, and that is China, which, on the comparatively small area of 4,179,559 square miles, carries 404,000,000 Industrious but unprogresslve souls. All others have less population and less areas. To sum up this aspect of the present situation, the British flag floats over nearly a fifth of the earth's terra flrma, and over more than a fifth of the 1,438,000,000 human beings who constitute the population of our planet. The wonderful Bri tish progress in the 19th century has been coincident with the progress of humanity generally. If, under the "old kings" of bygone centuries, we trafficked in slaves, both black and white, with West Indian planters, in 1833 slavery was (abolished throughout the length and breadth of the British Empire. In place of the "old kings," avaricious, crafty, tyrannical by "Divine Right,"-uuder whom BrltooB "poured their brothers' blood," we, have had for the greater part of the Nineteenth Century the glorious reign of a model Sovereign, in which know ledge has been so diffused by literature that even In a hurrying age all .who run may read; In which, too, "All we have of freedom," has been buttressed/and kept Inviolate by a freo and independent press; In which science has largely superseded brute force In the world's work, by means of steamships, railways, elec tricity, Ingenious mechanism, and the division of labour; In which there has been recog nised to an appreciable degree the Individual right to "live by no man's leave;" In which the political and citizen rights of manhood and womanhood are being attained to; in which Great Britain has set an example to the whole world In exploring and civilising the ends of the earth, and In bettering the condi tions of peoples (as In India and China) who were contumacious In. the face of modern pro gress, or on the down grade, or absolutely effete. WHOLESOME REFLECTIONS. Without question Great Britain has per formed wondera during the closing century In the working put not only of her own destiny, but also lu the advancement of the affairs of the world generally. There are in all this reasons for patriotic pride, but on reflection there are also reasons for curbing tbat pride. In Important respects British greatness has not been achieved so much by foresight, statesmanship, or national Intention, as by circumstances. , British history In relation to the West Indies was comirienced by private. Individuals, In the guise of bucqaneers, or colonial sau robbers. Tho American colonies (now the United States) were commenced by Britishers, whose' gross Inhumanity towards the Indians brought upon themselves deserv ed massacres. Subsequently these colonies were settled, not by Britain as a matter of national -policy, but by cavaliers, Puritans, and others, who were driven from their native land by persecution and Intolerance; and whose subsequent successful resistance to Im perial tyranny resulted In their attaining the status of. an independent nation. Even in the first half of the present century British states- ihen failed to see .the importance of colonial possessions, arid scouted the Idea of a Greater Britain. . - . ' The importance, of the colonies had to i be evolved by1 the coldrilsts themselves ; before it received due Imperial recognition, just, as the value of India had to. be., demonstrated l>y n Chartered .Company before the British Government made It a dependency under Im- jlcrlnl control. The cutting of the Suez Canal was opposed by the short- sighted British statesmen of the day, Its value to tho Empire and Its eastern possessions not being recog nised until It became, In spite of Britain, an accomplished fact. Fortunately for Britain one of her' later statesmen (Disraeli) saw . the importance of this short water-way to 1 India, Australia, and the Far East, in time to purchase a needy Khedive's shares in the enterprise, and to so justify British Inter ference In the government of Egypt. Had' there been a different turning in the trend of events there would have been no uplifting of the degraded Felaheeri, or the succour ' by' Britain of the Soridan from an inhuman; fanaticism. " THE TRUE BtUTISH KEY-NOTE. In considering all" these things one is in- , evltahly driven to the conclusion that in re-: spect to nations as well as to Individuals.' there is a Divinity which "shapes our end,' rough hew It though we may." At the end of the present century Britain, apparentfy the present "chosen nation," and tlie ^great est on the planet, Is engaged at war with the smallest of the chief people on earth, and' the only people at whose hands she has sustain ed defeat and suffered reverse during the 19th century. The British sceptre rules over 310 millions of people, the Boers of the Transvaal and the Orange Free States number only one million arid a fifth. On the result of the South African war the future of Great Britain,' her colonies, and dependencies, greatly dependB. It Is, therefore,' fitting In- reviewing the past, not to be too mitch puffed up with national pride, but rather should we; lay to heart the words of our Imperial poet, who must be again laid under contribution: "Fair Is our lot; oh, goodly Is our heritage, Humble ye, my people, be fearful In your- mlrtli; For the Lord our God most high, : He hath made the deep as dry, He hath smote for us a pathway To the ends of all the earth." 