THE BARRIER No. IV. Barrier Life To-Day. In the life ou the Barrier as one finds it now, there are certain characteristics which distinctly belong to the place. With its metropolis, only accessible through two other colonies, it is peculiarly isolated, and, whilst owning Sydney as the centre of its Government, it looks to Adelaide as being virtually its capital. It is more the desolate nature of the country, however, which gives to the place its remarkable character. A vast stretch with no natural decorations but mulga and saltbush, is not a likely site upon which the man. of wealth would build his house. Consequently, the man who makes his fortune on the Barrier does not, as a rule, settle down .to invest it there. He may retain his interests in the town, but he goes to live in one of the capital cities, where he may better enjoy his gains. The propertied men, therefore, cons:.at mostly of those whose business necessitate their residence in the town. But these people are not sufficiently strong to form a sound backbone to the local governing bodies. The labor representation is equally powerful; and, in fact, there is no other town *n Australia where the interests of the laboring classes are so largely represented. Broken Hill spells democracy with a big "D." The Legislative Councillor works at the blacksmith's anvil, and there is the shirtsleeve rule in the municipal Chamber. Whilst g-erterally obtaining the upperhand, the Conservative party have a formidable opposition in the labor representatives—an opposition, in fact, which does not always conduce to good Government. This may be seen when one takes a glance at Broken Hill as a Municipality. When the municipal assessments were recently made the annual rental value was put at .£208,414. It was found somewhat difficult to arrive at the capital value, but the value was set down at .£3,545,488, of which <£2,625,250 represented the mines value. Compared with the corresponding figures for the other principal towns of New South Wales, this total was exceedingly high. The rental due also made a wonderfully good comarison with that of ratable properties JI other large municipalities. For instance, Bendigo's corresponding figures were .£183,199, against those of Broken Hill already stated—.£208,414. A writer to The Barrier Miner, in commenting on these figures, pointed out that, whilst Broken Hill had the means for greater improvement, they had not used them to the same degree as other municipalities. "We have heard," he says, "a vast deaJ here about socialism, and especially municipal socialism; yet we find that municipal enterprise in Broken Hill is a poor, weak thing comparing it with that of these other places which want it less, and talk a good deal less about it." Photo, by Gold, / Broken Hill. In the expressions of this writer there is much truth. Tlie town is one which strikes the visitor as an instance of the mushroom-growth of Australian mining centres. One is annoyed at the marvellous uprising of the place, and yet a closer new of the town reveals at once the need for greater municipal enterprise. Its sanitation, though recently improved, still requires considerable attention, and there is a large field for expenditure in the streets of the city. Broken Hill is watered -by a private company, but is sufficiently wealthy to find its own supply. It is, therefore, questionable whether the influence of the labor opposition in the Municipal Council is always directed to the one object—that of improving the living conditions of the residents of the Barrier. And it certainlv depends upon improved living conditions whether the place is to become a settled and prosperous city. The Wealth from the Mines Figures, when they do talk, talk sense; henco they are a safe reference to give with rospect to tlie solvency of any particular place. What they prove is incontrovertible. Accepting this truth, therefore, Broken Hill is to-day in a position calculated to excite envy in the hearts of many towns and districts of much more prepossessing aspect. For its wealth it relies solely on its mines. Lead and silver are the chief exports, with a little gold, copper, tin, and zinc. Before long zinc will be far from on the bottom of the list. Accepting an ordinary buying and selling price as the basis, the Barrier (and the Barrier is Broken Hill) during 1898 exported £4,000,000 worth of minerals, ranking near the top of the world's list with regard to both silver and lead. Per head of the population (this on the lower Customs house figures, which, as THE CRITIC has more (than once pointed out, are faulty) the exports for the year were <£60/18/6. This compares with Westralia .£26/5/7, and the whole of N.S.W. <£18/2/6. The population is close on 30,000 souls, men, women, and children. Yet Broken Hill is barely 15 years of age. It was in November, 1884, that Charles Rasp began to sink the shaft that later on was to prove the doorway to such boundless wealth. Fifteen years only, arid a waterless, arid spot iu a desert to be the second city of New South Wales, the mother province of Australia! Four million pounds worth of metal and mineral exported, and employment found for over 6,000 men. This directly. For over three times that number indirectly, as without the mines there would be no Broken Hill. And out of the immense quantity of ore exported, the mines were able to pay during 1898 the sum of £358,000 in dividends. This total, apparently, is to be exceeded this year. Yet objectors are never tired of asserting that sulphides is a synonym of Shakespeare, and means ruin. This is but the end of May, and already dividends have been declared from mines along the line of lode amounting to .£185,000. This is made up thus: — Prop ,£120,000 Block 10 South £25,000 £15,000 Block 14 British .£10,000 £15,000 £185,000 Thus, leaving the little North Central out of consideration, out of nine mines along what is known as the "line of lode" five have paid dividends; a sixth (the Cenrtal) should have done so, but the extensive profits made from the mine have been swallowed up by experiments in the Sulphide Problem. Since Broken Hill has been, the Prop, has paid 122 dividends (aggregating over £9,000,000); Block 14, 47; the British, 4; the South, 9; Block 10, 61. Under the old regime, the I Central freely distributed money to shareholders, while the Junc- tion and Junction North have both appeared on the dividend-paying list. The North alone lias not yet been able to give a cash return to its supporters: the day when it will do so ought, however, not to be far distant. Sulphides spell ruin, do they? Until they got into the sulphide zone, neither the South, the Junction, nor Junction North had a penny to spare for those who invested their capital in the mines. Sulphides have made those properties, as they have proved the backbone of the Prop., Block 10, the British, and the Central. Each of these latter, by the way, have still a modicum \- of carbonates to blend with the steelblue ores. Men spoke of carbonates and oxidised ores with fervor in other days because they knew nothing of sulphides. In the era of Silverton, the Apollyon Valley, and Umberumberka, when the sulphide zone was reached work was abandoned. The worth of the lower strata was hidden knowledge. Which leads to the belief that the names of more than a few "outside" and old-time mines will yet again figure on the daily share 'list. Sulphides were first understood the other day, and the problem of their successful treatment, to extract alike the silver, lead, and zinc, has but this moment been solved. To- day, it can honestly be affirmed, Broken Hill stands on a far surer footing than it did two or three years ago. The Australian Metal Co. and Chemist- Engineer Carmichael have both surmounted the zinc difficulty, and the Barrier to-day is like a man who has undergone a course of "rainbow pills for rickettv people." Figures are truthful: then, consider these. During 1898 the Prop, output was 408,798 tons of ore; Block 10*s was 124,214 tons; South, 85,185 tons; Block 14, 100,313 tons; British, 93,310 tons; Junction, 87,136 tons; North, say, 25,000 tons; Junction North, 31,717 tons. (The Central yield is not included). This is 12 month's work, and yet the hole made in the "reserves in sight" is scarcely visible. The northern mines have lately been under a slight cloud, but questionable management has been the cause, not poor properties. .Chronic growlers only see cause for distrust in the life of the mines; such a judge as General Manager Warren, of Block 10, has no doubts about declaring on what can be seen for 'tween 20 and 30 years' continued success. On what can be seen, mind you; and what is to be met with at depth, is just beginning to be known. No deep. workings have yet been tried; explorations, such as the sinking of Kelly's shaft in Block 10, are more than reassuring. All that is required for the mines to continue to pay good interest on expenditure is machinery that will treat ore of increasing hardness more cheaply. The belt now being generally worked is excessively flint-like, and more difficult of concentration than formerly; but this was expected. But though rhodonite is an intrusion costly to cope with, there is no reason to suppose that it will follow the ore to its lowest depths. One mine in Broken Hill, strange to say, stands out like—well, to create a comparison, like a red rose in a bunch of chrysanthemums. That is the Consols. While the properties along the line of lode proper are struggling with their sulphides, the Consols, not a stone's throw off, is raising silver-ore in various forms going up to 95 per cent, of pure metal. How or whence the metal gathers, no one can fully explain: in some way is has been drawn in its intense richness from the mines on the hill. Cwt. and lialfcwt. lumps, or slugs, of this valuable stuff are by no means unusual, and the co. (an English affair) will doubtless be turning some of it into dividends ere long. The Consols is a mineralogical freak, but it is not to be imagined that what has occurred there is not to occur elsewhere, so it is all on the cards that other Consols will yet be discovered. Even the at present despised North Central may, yet so change its luck; it is riot' impossible. Barrier people, those who are competent to judge, are unanimous in predicting a long life to the Broken Hill mines, and agree, too, in the opinion that a much wider area will yet be practically worked. Nowadays men are averse to the "pig-rooting" of an earlier age, and a large cover is yeti to be properly explored. Abandoned mines will yet be reworked, with the advantage of experience and more perfect machinery. Newer developments will be more vigorously followed up. A very bright future possibly awaits the Pinnacles, the Diamond Jubilee, the Fairy Hill, the Rupee, the Little Broken Hill, and others. Its secret has not yet been worked out of the Apollyon "Valley. A broad belt of mineralised country near Mount Robe remains to be tested. Tin and copper have yet to be searched for with intent. Marvellous as Broken Hill has proved, there Mr. George Strachan, Ex-M.ayor Broken Hill. t Photo, by Jwikinson, The Central Underground Broken Hill. Mr. John Penrose, Broken Hill. is reason to hope that it will yet still further astonish the world. But the present brightness is not to be passed over lightly. Since the beginning of tlie year the aggregate value of sliares—chiefly through the good news with regard to zincs in the several mines along the line—has increased by over <£500,000. This is a marked proof of renewed confidence in the Barrier. If there is a man in Australia who should know more than others of the ins and outs of mining, it is Captain .Joel Phillips, manager of the B.H. Junction mine, and alderman of the Broken Hill Council. He was born in Cornwall, the nurseiy of miners, in 1842, and when he came to Australia seven years later, it was to renew his acquaintance with mining. When he was but a boy he was employed on Australian urines, and his experience of mining all i.at covers the lialf-century. In 1852 l : was in Victoria following up the rushes, 1 and he spent five years on the new fields of that colony. Then he returned to South Australia, and for many years afterwards most of iiis time was spent in Moonta and Wallaroo. He arrived in Broken Hill in 1888, and took over the management of the Southern Cross silver mine. Seven years ago he became manager of the Junction, and he has also managed the Junction North. Despite the responsibilities devolving upon a mining manager, however, he finds time to give some attention to public affairs, and two years ago he entered the Council as one of the aldermen for Wills Ward, and he is also on the board of management of the Broken Hill Hospital. One of the first men on the Barrier, and certainly one of its most sturdy pioneers, was George Strachan, who recently vacated the mayoral chair. From his native Scotland he had come to Australia in '65, and was in turn drover, farmer, and hotelkeeper, and a success at each occupation. In fact, the words "Strachan" and "success" may be said to be synonyms. Sometime in October, 1884, Mr. Strachan made his way to Broken Hill, and settled in the little tented township. It could scarcely be called a town, for it was eighteen months before a survey was made, when he took up a block of five acres with four other men, and commenced to make Broken Hill a place on the map. In 1888 Mr. Strachan built the Centennial Hotel, which he still conducts; He interested 'himself, in- every movement for; the improvement of the town, -and in 1893 entered the Municipal Council, with which body he wag, until recently, connected. Mri Strachan was Mayor during the term of 1898, and there was a good record of work during his mayoralty. He is one of the few men who saw the birth of tlie town, and who has remained to take an active part in its upbringing. A hearty, genial man, he is known, by every one as "a real, good fellow" with other adjectival emphasis. Mr. Straclian's career on the Hill belongs more to the history of the place, so much as he been identified with it. Straight and square, jovial and good-natured, he has commanded both respect and admiration. The history of Mr. J. Penrose is identified largely with the history of the Barrier. He was Alderman and then Mayor when that town was at the height of its prosperity, and Broken Hill was but a place where some prospectors had found a likely show. He became one of the partners in Resell and Co.'s brewery, and he was Silverton's most active public men. He was Alderman and then Mayor, and his energy and zeal long withstood the doom that began to gather over the town. Penrose Park to-day is, perhaps, the best monument of what he did for Silverton. Recently Mr.- Penrose returned from a trip to Japan. He is an enthusiastic sportsman, and since horseracing was established on the Barrier, there have been but few important meetings at which he has not officiated as judge. A 'Frisco journalist has unearthed "a daughter of a brother" of dead Jimmy Tyson, and has made her the sole heiress to "one of the largest estates in Australia." In a page "story," well squareheaded, the new De Rougemont makes the girl weep at leaving a "dear old white hen" in her "humble mountain home," and introduces a lawyer who lays 10,000 dollars on the kitchen table to "last until you get to San Francisco, where we can get connection with the Bank of .England." (Accepted, unreservedly, as the choicest lie of the season). A sensational statement appeared in The West Australian (writes THE CRITIC'S Perth correspondent) to the effect that Manager Holmes, of the Seabrook battery (Northam), had been bailed up by a bushranger and robbed of the weekly wages that he was bringing for his men. No doubt something of the sort telegraphed East. The account was a column long, and very incoherent. Holmes had .£200, he had <£1,400, he lost it all, he only lost JB10 in silver because he cleverly hid the balance under a bag. He was fired at twice—but the revolver did not go off — and so on. The fact is that there was no bushranger, r.o revolver, and to obery. The Register began its career in London on June 18, '36, but the second number was not published until June 3, '37, when Adelaide was the city of publication. Then it was issued irregularly to June 16, '38, when it settled into a weekly, and so continued until '43. Thence until '50 it was brought out twice a week, and since the last date it has appeared daily. The Advertiser did not come into existence until July 12, '58, and it has always been a daily. The old Adelaide Times, founded by Messrs. John Brown, W. B. Gilbert, and James Allen in '48, began as a weekly, put in its second year as a biweekly, and was a daily from '50 to May, '58, when it climbed the golden stair. We live in an age of inverted judgments. Historians have' now been busy, for some years proving that the Romulus-cumjReniua origin of old Rome is nothing more than a poetic myth; that William, surnamed Tell, never shot at the apple on his son's head; that Alfred, defeater of Danes, never had an opportunity to burn the herd-wife's cakes, and that Richard Crookback's hump was a greater figure of speech than the Rev. Mr. Punch's, and referred symbolically to the cares of State laid upon lxis shoulders, and so on, and so forth. Following the iconoclastic example of these learned folk, the literary circles have been most industriously turning over the sacred reputations of those whom the world has long been accustomed to regard as its greatest poets. They began with Homer; they are closing the series, so far, with Burns and Byron and Tennyson. Messrs. Henley and Henderson have shown (it is alleged) that the Ayrshire poet was a plagiarist of the first water. He borrowed with aiid without acknowledgment, from anybody and everybody, and spoilt nearly everything he laid his sacrilegious hands upon. All this is very sad—and not very convincing. It is somewhat strange, by the way, that the geniuses from whom it is asserted Burns got so much, were never heard of until to-day, and would not now be heard of were it not for the miraculous industry of his detractors. Tennyson has also been critically discounted, and described as an expert in the art of gilding common clay and foisting it upon an unsuspecting public as pure gold. Byron has been poetically dissected, and shown to be a mere rhyming bully, whose verses were bought because their writer was a lord. Indeed, all round the pantheon of greatness, it is going very hard with the mighty dead. The lines of the literary ghost have fallen in an evil and an ungrateful age. Dante shivers in trepidation, Yirgil moans to the midnight blast, and Shakespeare stirs uneasily in that grave whence nobody dares filch his metrical remains. O poetae, O tempo ra! Mrs., or Mise, E. Livingston Presoott, whose military tale, The Rip's Redemption, I recently noticd in this column, has issued a precisely similar story in The Measure of a Man, just added to Bell's Colonial Library. Here we have a roughmannered, but gentle-natured non-com., a splendid man and an accomplished soldier, who, meeting with an accident, is tended by a pretty girl of mysterious parentage, who lives with a farmer's family at a pioturesque but humble cottage. The progress of the love affair between soldier and mai l, during which the former is continuously kneeling humbly at the feet of "his queen" and kissing her hand, is punctuated by various incidents of sensational interest, not the least interesting being their secret marriage prior to his departure with his regiment for India, where he sets to work to study for a commission so as to be worthy of his ladylove. In his absence the heroine is introduced to the aristocratic life to which lier birth entitles her, and henceforward her secret marriage weighs more and more heavily upon her, especially when her sociotyswell cousin becomes a decided attraction to her untutored sentiments and her newly- commissioned but still unpolished husband returns to claim her. Her shillyshallying apparently brings about a tragedy, and as the perfumed cad, her cousin, says—"My sweet cousin has had but one aberration from her exquisite cult; of which—thank the gods—the unfortunate source is now removed." In the following chapter we find this tender, sweet heroine gratefully accepting the attentions of licr unwilling admirer. But in the next he runs away with an old flame, a scarlet widow, presumably a more joyful person than our pale, invertebrate heroine, who finds herself de troy?, not only in her new home, but in her old home at the farm. However, when the book is concluded by tlie reappearance of the suicided husband, and the reunion of the curious couple, one can only exclaim, with one of the characters, "Those quiet uns is artful!" Mr. Whistler's long promised book, The Baronet and the Butterfly: A Valentine with a "Verdict, is to be published towards the end of this month by Mr. Heinemann in London. Mr. Joel Hnillips, Manager of the B.t». Junction. I'Jmlo. bit JeHiitmon, The Central Broken Hill. Eureka photo. The]S.A. Military Forces Church Parade. 