A Glance at thae Pant and Present OF BALMATTUM. (BY RAItBLER). I take the liberty, Mr. Editor, of for warding you items on the changes that have occurred about Balmattum from tha--e - early fifties to the present time. Some forty years ago oar present little hamlet was called " Duck Ponds." Although not a Government name, it went under the title for some years, but when postal conveniences were extended here some years later it was re-named Balhnat tum. I must hurry over many of the incidents of the early life of Balmattum, which was nothing more than a wilderness-no roads, bridges, or any conveniences for travel' ling. Each and all had to do their best to get to neighboring towns, and in the winter time this was not a pleasant task by any means. What a difference to the now-existing conditions I Starting from the Balmattum railway station 1 wend my way south-east, on a splendidly-gravelled road, and find myself on the old Sydney road, where stands the Royal Hotel, which was built some forty ' years ago by Mr. J. Oakshot, who for many years was the Ihcensee. He had it also, in conjunction, a small supply of stores, which at that time used to be doled h out in very small quantities at/exorbitant e prices. After changing nds several times it camne into posse ion of the present landlord, about thir year. ago.' d Feeling thirsty,l once again ad a peep in, 0 having met the landlord casually on one e or two occasions since. After indulging is in a little light refreshment, I took a ts cursory glance around, noting many r, changes and advances. I next came to the State school, a neat weatherboard structure, in place of the old slab and bark of the first building erected by the residents themselves. No State aid or free education at that time 1 1 Parents paid for their children's Instruc. e tion. Just as 1 arrived school was out, and as healthy and robust a flock as I have seen for some time came trooping at along. I stood in wonderment, memories e- of the past flitting through my mind. No to doubt the little ones before me are grand h - aye, great-grand - children of the he pioneers of this far-famed Balmattum, '- After a short chat with their teacher, Mr. th Phelan, who appears a very affable person, ly in which I recalled recollections of poor of old John 41orrison, the former teacher, el now dead and gone-peace to his ashes I -I strolled leisurely along, passing the of property of one of the pioneers, Mr. J. Willis (who has also been gathered to his of father's) I come to Faithful's Creek. Resting against the railing of the station paddocks, I fell into a deep reverie, in cd which the ghosts of the past flitted by in a long procession, until I was suddenly disturbed by the swish-swish of a bicyclist speeding by. Such a means of it travelling was undreamed of then; a of buggy was almost an unknown convey art anco ; the chief mode was by bullocks and ,et horse-drays to go to market. e, Having braced myself up I was at a loss which way to turn, so tossed up a coin \- head, to the right; tail, to the left. My ,it choice was to the left, followihg the creek. II, By the way, I forgot to mention that in k. the forties an encounter took place on the nd banks of the creek between the blacks and n-. whites- John Faithful and party. After he a desperate encounter on both sides, its Faithful was killed. Thus Faithful's Creek derived its name. Still pursuing my course I pass the .ty properties of M'Kernan, Stewart and he Crosbie, the former devoting his land to as fattening sheep and cattle, the others to e dairying. n One thing that struck me while follow. ,n ing the winding stream is the silting up of the creek. Surely we must have a gold es field, and I presume dredging is in full e swing higher up I I recollect that, as 'h boys, we used to go bathing in holes 15 r and 20 feet deep. Now there is nothing o but a bed of sand. However, as I pro th ceed further I will, no doubt, learn the th cause. p Having passed the residence of Mr. rg Stewart, who goes in for dairying, I next as come to another of the pioneer farmers, ad the late Mr. Hugh Lorimer's, now occu .- pied by J. M'Kernan. Dairying and cultivating is comltnod. I ascerntined th that a handsome return of grain was se threshed this year-15 bags of oats and 6 of wheat. The land here, to all appear at ance, will grow ansd fatten to perfection. d, The next that catches my eye are the to farms of Messrs. Kennedy and Crilly. a The former has gone to where none y, returneth, and a jovial, good old sort he et was. Dairying and cropping is also th carried on extensively here, with very of profitable results. A The present season, as far as I have e travelled,appears all that could be desired, to arich carpet of grass being everywhere, 'P while cattle and sheep are thriving. k (To be continuued.) 