Bingera Jottings. ' SROU A GORFWONDENT. The Bingera Dramatic Soolety gave a negro entertainment la9t Saturday night to an over-arowded house. Long beforo the advertised time crowds could be eeen emerg ing irom all directions; one would have ilinnoht the earth had buret or that a Dreyfue was about to be crowned .King ot Franoe. But no, the majority of people in the distriot were bent on a good night's enjoyment, nor worejthey disappointed, for the whole audience was in one roar of laughter from tho first lifting o! the curtain up to the playing of " God save the Queen." The performing , mombera wore eulogised by many upon leav- t ing the hall. Miss Jaokson presided at the Vtiano in a finished stylo. Mr. D. Weloh as tambo and Mr. H. Burke as bones did great 1 iredit to !thoir respective places. The first j wit opened with " II Oasricolo," with tbe L « jBual jokes and aonundrums. In the soug I «« Carolina Carry," Mr. A. Btirling quite took the audienoe by BurpriB'e with his powerful ! baritone voloe. Mr. H. Borka' song and ohorue, "Going to run all night," oreated muoh laughter. Mr. D. Gibson's song and ohorue "Old Log Oabia in the Dell," was very well received. Mr. J. Webb's soug " Old Kentucky Home Goocl Night," wap rendered with feeling and effeot. Mr. A. Gibson's "I want yor my honey," was well rendered. Mr. P. Woodgate'e song and ohorus "Old Log Cabin in the Lane," was loudly appiauaea. Mr. D. Welch's eong " HuBh little Baby," given with great taste, and proved thebeatltem in thefirst part of'the programme. The second part wn opened with a Bketoh, entitled "Blaok Box and Oox," Inwhioh Mr Humphreys as " Snap," Mr H. Woodgato as ! Box," and Mr J. Baldwin ae " Oox," oreated much merriment. Mr A. Stirling oamo nextl with a song, entitled " One of the family, I whioh evoked aeka enoore "Trinity Ohuroh.' Mr D, Gibson sang " I oao'b ohange it," and was acoorded a well- deeerved enoore, to I whioh he responded with a comic pleoe, " The olook atrikea one." A tambo and bones I sketob, "The Ghost," was most amusing.! Then flame Mr H. Burke's eong, " I didn't I know (till afterwards," and ae an encore, ii His Funeral." Thefaroe, "Blaok, sohool master," oloBed the night's entertainment, whioh was very amusing throughout. Mr J. Jaokson, senr., as manager and oondnotor deserves credit for the way the entertainment was worked up aud carried out, and it refieots muoh credit on him for his attention and judgment. The company intend to perform | at Gin Gin in October the I4th prox, giving i the same programme. 