The Deeming Murders in * England. How Tliey. Were Discovered. A True Detective Story. '' a- ; It was bitterly cold in the city ou tlie 9th of March, 1S92, and tiny stalactites i; of slowly-tliawlng ice hung from the heavy moustache of a strongly-built man . who Mad just;. come in from the street outside, and was resting his elliows' on . the mahogany writing-table of one of ?the largest debtors 'in dairy produce in London... The dealer and his visitor . talked in rapid confidential tones upon business matters, upon the prices and . qualities' and' grades of butter, upon the state of 'the market, cargoes and methods of packing, tlie present glut aud tlie ? future-prospects of Danish, Normandy, and Australian sorts. Olirigfa-liug-a-ling weut an electric-bell across the passage, and in a moment, or two a well-drilled office-boy knockod'at the door, aud, addressing the latest comer, said, ' You're 'wanted at the ? telephone, sir.' The stoutly-built man stepped across to the. telephone, and' raised the receiver to; his ear. . ' IIullo, there.-.' Is that you, I-owe ?' cijtae a voicp out', of' nowhere, dtsentaiir gfing itscltv.witli difficulty from tie con fused current of interwoven noiles that: ;? crossed each other outiie ti- ngling'Iwires; 'Yes. Who's speaking ' Townend, at the ' Argus' office. . Look here, T 'want to scd'yon as soon as possible. There's a big .'murder case on in Australia,' and we've.\1ust-got a cable : from the office in Melbourne instructing us to titake inquiries at -this end. : Be as sharp as you can.' ? . . Mr. Samuel Lowe, meinber of the Lon ' ' doii staff of the 'A.rgus,' dropped the . . -..instrument, hastily apologised to the ? ' merchant, and..- went dowru the office staircase three steps at a time. Com '. 4' merce absorbs a large amount of the average pressman's time. (ind attention, but it sinks into insignificance in the presence of— Crime. A quarter of an hour later Mr. Lowe' and Mr. Townend were staring intently at the sheet of paper-lying on the table ? before :.them, Tlie 'cable message from , Melbourne read sinj'ply; 'Inquire Scot land Yard. Williamis. murder. Send por traits;-' Interview mother.' ?V Mr.- Townend. looked'-at Mr. Lowe in terrogatively. Mt\; Lowe looked at Mr. , Townend affirmatively. 'All right,' he ' said, ' I'll look after it.' The Bow-street.- officials were, polite but unsatisfactory. They had-, never heard of a murder in Australia in which a person of the name of Williams was concerned. It was as though one had asked them for' details about a man named Smith Wanted for a forgery com mitted on the shores of Baffin's Bay. A close examination of newspaper files at the Central News Agency failed to dis close any accounts of the murder men tioned in the cable message, and two lioursOiad' passed without the faintest gleam of light being shed ilpon the oc currence. ? ' Scot-land Yard, cabby, shouted the stoutly-jbuilt man through the aperture in the roof of the hansom, and sat back in -the. seat tp think hard, as the experi . e.nced Ltfhdon- cabliorse skated --over tlie slippery wbod blocks of the Strand, heading for the mysterious building in which the highest detective acumen of England daily gathers up the clues of information that come rolling in from that quarter of the globe. So busy, in deed. were- the autocrats of the metro politan police and the detective depart ment that they could not even see Mr. Lowe when he sent his name in by the German man-servant. If Mr. Lowe de sired any information he must be kind enough to forward his request by letter. This seemed a little discourteous on the part of Superintendent Shore and Super intendent Anderson, but the occupant of the hansom cab had still another string to his bow, and as the cabhorse skated back into the city Mr. Lowe again de voted himself to ' an . accomplishment which is, unfortunately, growing- rare— that of thinking. As a result of his cogi tations. the cabhorse -was pulled on to his haunches in front. of a red lamp, and Mr. Lowe lost no time in- explaining the position to an old acquaintance of his— the police official in charge. ' I fancy this is what you Want,' said the officer, with aJsmilg as he spread £?: the ' Information sheet', for that very day on the desk before him, and pointed t- to entry No. 44, which 'contained a fnll ; . - description of Albert Williams, wanted ?for wife murder, ' at - Melbourne, on Christmas Eve. lSOl.'-- 'The entry set . forth that Williams spoke with a Lan ' cashire accent, and stayed formerly at Rainhill. It was signed by Superintend ? ?- ent Shore. Mr. Lowe devoured that information sheet with the hearty appetite of one who has been subjected to' semi-starva- tion for some time past. lie committed the entry to memory verbatim, by read-' ing It over carefully two or tl i to ^ times, a knack which is al ways ustiftil to 'a .Journalist. M. Blowitz, the P/ir^ cor respondent of the ' Tillies,' proved its . value when he learned off the ternjsvof peace:at'1he close of the Franco-German \- War in' one reading,' and telegraphed ?*. them in extenso to his paper. COnly, M. Blowitz was dealing with murder' on tlie grand scale — the murder thai iiicom mitted with grape and shrapnel- and bayonets at the charga . % '? When .Mr. Lowe returned to Scotland Yard after a hurried visit to the 'Argus' office in Fleet-street he had a letter from Mr. Townend to Superintendent Shore requesting information ; h) Ida pocket, and he had the information yt- self up his sleeve. Warned by his ptfe-' '« vious experience, he omitted tTi'e ;foi;ma V lity of sending in his card, and running . up a flight of stone steps find along a .' passage, entered Superintendent Shore's private rf-om, and introduced himself in, person. The superintendent eyed lffm coldly, and read the letter asking for- particulars as to the iritirder and for the address of 'Mrs. Williams' in Liver pool. . I know nothing at all about it,' said the superintendent in tlie measured tones of . a man who .has learnt by long experience to be economical in adminis tering his stock of verneity ; 'and,, moreover, ' he added with engaging frankness,'' if 1 did know, I should not tell you.' Mr. Lowe leaned across the table witli ... a queer smile and looked straight into the superintendent's eyes. ' As you know nothing about the matter,' he said, ' perliaps you will allow me to enligMten you. Albert Williams mur-. dered bis wife in. Melbourne on Christ mas Eve. He formerly stayed at Rain hill. He speaks with a strong Lanca shire accent, 'and there is a, detailed description of hi nP published in the forty-fourth entry in to-day's informa ; tion sheet. It is doubtless correct, for tlie memo, bears your own signature, ' Superintendent Short*.' The superintendent sprang to his feet. ' Tlie man who told you tliTs shall be dismissed, from tho force,' he hissed with an oath. ' Don't you think you had better iiud him first V' replied the other with just the suspicion of a sneer, ' and you may discover, when jou have got. him, that lie is not under your authority. The city police and the metropolitan con stabulary are very different bodies, , as you know.' Few men would attempt to bluff a Scotland Yard superintendent in his own milieu, but. Mr.' Lowe tried it on for the sake of the friendly police officer who had shown him the informa tion sheet. The bluff came off, and the king of clubs was safe, but the superin tendent never knew that It was the only card in his opponent's hand. ' I am going to Liverpool to-night,' Jilr. Lowe remarked as lu.' buttoned his overcoat, ' to follow this thing up.' ' We shall be delighted to bear of your discoveries,' said the superinten dent sarcastically. ' By the way, when you get to Liverpool you might call on Inspector- Williams— lie is in charge there— and tell liim that his brother lias committed a murder in Australia. He will be so pleased to see you.' ' Thanks for the hint,' rejoined the pressman. ' I shall certainly call on Inspector Williams. I Shall tell him that I do so at your request, and that I am instructed by the Scotland Yard, authorities to furnish them with any information that .1 may gather. Your recommendation will, no doubt, be of great service io -me.' And he bowed himself out, leaving .Superintendent Shore fully three inches smaller in sta ture than he had been before the com mencement of the interview. ? ' Where the deuce is Rainliill ?' asked Mr. Lowe anxiously in tbe office after wards. _ ' Rainhill,' replied Mr.- Townend ora cularly, emerging from a dusty lile of the 'Liverpool Post,' 'appears to be a lunatic asylum about ten miles out of Liverpool, but you had better hurry up, or you will miss the express.' ?: ' It seems to be rather a wild-goose chase, doesn't 't V' said Mr. Lowe. Mr. Townend looked at him straight. '' It's the biggest wild-goose cbase a man was ever sent on,' he said, 'but we have our instructions,- and we must carry them, out.' Then lie turned out his pockets, and produced a couple of sove reigns; and 4s. 8d. in silver, which he i.anded to Mr. LoWe, remarking that the banks were closed, and that lu? would-' want some money. The petty cash-box yielded another £10, and with this provision against immediate neces sities the amateur detective entered the next stage of the inquiry— and a cosy ffrst-class: ou the 10.5 p.m. express to Liverpool Half-past 9 next morning found him at the headquarters of the-Liverpool detec-. tive department in Dale-street, and the officer in charge, though at first sus picious and reticent, gradually thawed under the influence of the strong per sonal recommendations from Superin tendent Shore, which Mr. Lowe pre sented glibly by word of mouth, adding, with a deft adaptation of the superin tendent's sarcasm, that he was - com-', missioned by the Scotland Yard authori ties to furnish them with all possible information -about the murder. Thus it was that he enlisted the assistance of the officer, who, by merely pressing an electric button, summoned to. the joint consultation a constable who was well acquainted with Rainhill, and in the space of a few minutes Mr. Lowe learned that Rainhill was a township' with a population of about 2000, that it contained a' lunatic asylum, two churches, and a railway station on the Liverpool and Manchester line. But. the constable knew no one there of the name of Williams. Mr. Lowe ruminated for a few mo ments, chewing the end of his big mous tache. ' Can you put me on to the local gossip ?' lie said, ' the man or woman who takes an intelligent interest in other people's business; and knows all about the births, deaths, and particu larly marriages that, have taken place in Rainhill for the last twenty years or so ?' ' There's John Higham,' said the con stable reflectively. 'He's the local letter-carrier, and he knows every one in the place. Perliaps lie might help you.' Of course ; just the very man. and Mr. Lowe felt that he was close to the haunts of the wild goose after all. It had been snowing and blowing hard all night, with thunder and lightning, and hurrying squalls of hail and sleet. But when Mr. Lowe reached Rainliill the storm was over, though the soft, white, newly-fallen snow covered tlie whole township like a shroud. He des patched a lad from the railway station in search of .Tohn Higham, who presently appeared, wheezing, and opened his old eyes in astonishment at- the tale which the stranger had to tell of a squatter king who had died in Australia, leaving a fortune of fabulous amount to his next of kin, a person of the name of Williams, formerly of Rainhill. Old Hicham knew, two ladies of the name of Williams. .who were both interviewed at once, and left to their own flustered anticipations as soon as Mr'. Lowe had -satisfied himself that they could have no possible connec tion with the murder. Here, the scent was lost temporarily, and he had to cast t\bout patiently' to recover It. As he walked down .the street with old Hic ham, there appeared unon the scene younc Higliam. a stripling of 18. who assisted his father with tlie delivery of the mails. To him the old man unfolded tlie story of the fortune which had boen left in Australia, and of tbe efforts which were being made to recover the lonar lost.lieir. a lucky Individual named Al bert Williams. The boy's features worked In a des perate effort to grasp the thread of some associations, and then. his eyes took on n new iiclit. glowing with .the joy: of a great discovery. ' Fevtlier.' he said, speaking in tlir -long. llnuid. Lancashire drawl. ' doanf 'e moind thot theer Williams as coom'd to Rainliill last 'arvest-toime. Mavhap 'e wnr tha feller. 'Im 's married Emmie .Mather an' took 'er off to Chancy ?' ' Ay, ay. sewerly.' the old man re sponded. 'I moind Mm well, ma- Ing. 'E rented Dlnliam Villa from Mrs. TTayes. an*' Ben Yountr cemented the kitcbing floor fur Mm. Dear. dear, so 'es coom'd into a fortln. I liallus thowt theer wnr sn.thln' quare- wi' him afoor 'e went away: Ay, thot*s Mm, sewerly.' Mr. Lowe gave an involuntary ex clamation, -of surprised delight. When hounds are hunting live- game- and they nick up the scent again after a check they always -give tonctue. 'When did ? you say lie married lier, my, lad ?' he .snld. ? . ' Last 'arvest-toime,' replied the lad., ' oop at tha choorch yonder. They wnr . married by passon 'isself, an' yo can see' tha stlffkit if yo lolke. But 'ere ..cooms .Toe Pickering,; 'e marrjel Emmie Mather's sister, an' 'e can' 1 ell you moor, o' Willums than me.' ' Joe- Pickering, a stalwart young car penter, remembered Williams perfectly, and recollected doing the woodwork in the scullery at Dlnliam Villa when tlie cementing of tlie tloors was being car ried out by Ben Young. Moreover, he had lately seen a letter written to Mrs. ! Mather by Williams from Melbourne, in Australia, in which Williams said ' that ' dear Emily was quite happy, aud , in the best of health.' The letter was I dated sometime in January. | There could no longer be any doubt, in Mr. Lowe's mind that he was ou the right scent, and he almost whistled as , he remembered that the unfortunate ! ' dear Emily' was murdeied by the. polite letter-writer on Christinas Eve. | Higham, sen., in his capacity of parish 1 clerk, soon found the marriage register in tho vestry of the old church, and turned up an entry relating to the mar- ' riage of Albert Oliver Williams, bache lor, and Emily Mather, spinster, A copy of the entry would cost i!s. 7u., lie remarked meaningly. Mr. Lowe handed over the fee, as well as a couple of half-crowns for the old man's private purse. . 1 . ' Yo woant want the raunny had: if it's not tha roight Wlliums, will ''a said the careful clerk ; ' and when re assured on the point went off to call the ' passon.' Mrs. Mather and her daughter, Mrs. Pickering, were both at home when Mi*. Lowe called, and was shown into ( the neat little parlour, with its horse- ' hair sofa and armchair, its cheap Ger man prints on the walls, and its square table in the middle of the room, with a brass-bound family Bible lying mathe matically in the centre, . ' The visitor introduced himself by handing the old lady his card. 'I re present the Melbourne ! Argus,'' lie be gan, 'and also (after a' short pause) . Scotland Yard. I want to ask you about a Jlr. Williams who married 'your daughter last September.' ' | It was wonderful, how readily Mrs. ? Mather talked. She'luuftwd- thQ Jetting of Dinliam Villa, which belonged to\Mrs: I-layes, and applicants to view tile pro-.': perty had -to, come to. her for the^ key. Mr. Williams wished to tftke the house; ' and when lie came for the key he met Emily. He fell very much in love with Emily, and almost at ouce proposed marriage. The marriage came off in a very short time, and was celebrated j by a dance in Dinham Villa, in the kit chen, which had been newly cemented. Certainly some of .the neighbours had blamed her for allowing her daughter to marry a man whom no one knew anything about, but lie was. a free handed, well-spoken man,, and he had promised her a good home. They were .very happy together, and Emily had j written several letters home since they had left. Iler last, letter was dated from Colombo, but her husband had written from Melbourne. ' Now, ilrs. Mather,' said Mr. Lowe, ' I want to ask you about your daugh ter.' ' . The old lady looked up at him sharply. ' I want to know flrst,'' she said, ' what you are driving at, and I will not say another word until you tell me.' ? Mrs. Mather,' said Mr. Lowe, I have something very painful' to say to you. I am going to tell you now about two people, a man and a woman. The man, I am positive, is Albert Oliver Williams. The woman may be your daughter, or it may be the woman who, I have as certained, came to Rainhill to visit Wil liams as his sister, bur who, I have rea-. son to believe, was his wife. Williams murdered liis wife in Melbourne on -last 'Christmas Eve.' Almost before lie had -finished speak ing Mrs. Mather had fainted, .and it was not without some difficulty' that Mr. Lowe and Mrs. Pickering together managed to revive her. Then he told her all that he knew, weaving the tan gled scraps of information together into as consistent a whole as possible.:. But there were still some terrible gaps to be filled up. 'Mind you, I do not believe, that it is' your daughter who has been murdered,'' said Mr. Lowe, arguing against his own convictions. 'I think it is very pro liable that his real wife, who visited hini here at Dinham Villa, followed him to Melbourne, and that when she made her self known to him there, and reproached him for his desertion, he took her life.'-' It was a plausible hypothesis, and it was of priceless value just then, for it enabled Mrs. Mather to hope. With her hopes lier strength revived, and unlock ing an old-fashioned secretaire she took out all the letters written by Emily. Mather since lier marriage, and also' portraits of both the bride and bride-' groom. After a little persuasion she handed the letters and portraits to Mr. Lowe, who desired to take them to , Lon- don and get them copied, receiving in return an assurance that they would be safely guarded and given back unin jured. : - ' Now, you must tell no one what. I have told you,' said Lowe as he took liis leave. ' It is absolutely necessary '.that you preserve the strictest secrecy.' And the old lady, terrified; and-.full of yague misgivings, pledged herself to silence. W'hen Mr. Lowe took his seat in the 'up express for London he had good' reason to congratulate himself upon his day's1 work. He had succeeded beyond his most sanguine anticipations, and he had made his position secure by closing the door completely against subsequent .in quirers for information. Not only had lie extracted a promise of silence from the .one living individual capable of .giving positive information about .the murderer, but he had swept off all the letters and all the portraits as well that is to say, all the documentary evi dence and ? all means of identification. After rifling the treasure chamber Me had locked tlie door, and left with the key in his pocket. Next morning, the 'Argus,' away on the other side of the globe, published an interview, three- quarters of a column long, 'with the mother of the hapless Lancashire girl- whose remains had been dug up a few days before from the ce mented grave in the house at Windsor. It was the flrst of a series of perhaps tlie most remarkable coups ever known in the history of Australian journalism. Backwards and forwards between Lon don and Liverpool went tho restless Mr. Lowe, collecting and piecing together all the ravelled ends of hearsay, all the tangled strands of inference, all the. stray fibres of circumstantial and direct', evidence, until he had made a rope that was strong enough to hang a man. And yet-h'e-was only at the commencement of his task. It was strange how that other woman, the sister, or, more probably, the wife of Williams, who had visited him at Rainliill with her four children, kept: on intruding into Mr. Lowe's busy brain. She quite upset his calculations. It was odd that, in spite of all Ills efforts, he could find no trace of Tier whereabouts. She and her four children were like so many unquiet ghosts that refused to be laid until they were avenged. As this last thought struck him, Mr.. Lowe lifted his liand to liis forehead and found it wet. He was sweating from sheer excitement. A vague idea came lo hini, stayed with him, aud finally possessed him. He hurried from London to Rainhill once more, and hunted out Ben Young, the man who had cemented the floors of the kitchoMi and scullery in Dinham Villa under instructions from Williams. ' Where did you get the cement from, Bon ?' was the first eager question. ' It wur in the cooch 'ouse,' said Beu. To the coachhouse accordingly they went, and sure enough they found there throe empty barrels which had evident ly contained cemeut. ' Did you use all the cement out of the three barrels ?' asked Mr. Lowe. ' Naw,' said Ben Young. 'How much did you use, then ? For heaven's sake, hurry up, ,my good man. It's a matter of life and death.' Ben Young collected his thoughts deliberately. ' A laaid doon tha stoof oot o' two o' they barls,' he replied, with irritating slowness. 'A kuaw nowt aboot this 'ere other wonn. It wur emp ty afoor a got tha job.' ' Empty before you got the job ?' echoed Mr. Lowe with a ring of a strengthening conviction In his voice. ' Then what became ol' the cement from that barrel ?' Tlie village plasterer wagged his head slowly from side to side, but never a word spake lie. Mr. Lowe might as well have asked him what had become of the snows of yester-year. Then a great light flashed in upon the amateur detective's brain; illuminating all that was black a moment before, and silhouetting in the sharpest outlines ob jects which up to that moment, had been wrapped in darkness. When, the line of-battle-slilp shows her. mighty search light every detail of the torpedo boat stands revealed, painted in black upon a. disc of blinding white. 'Where the missing barrel of ' cement Is there I shall find the missing woman also,' said Mr. Lbiye, halfVto hinjself, and darted off to submit his ideas to Sergeant Chipchase, the local constable, with whom he at once concluded -an; offensive, and defensive alliance against tlie outside- world. --Serge'aht Chipchase laid the facts before the.'clistriet-.super-' fnten'dent, an official named Kelly, and tho digging then .began in Dinham Villa, under Mr. Lowe's direction, a digging .the result of which most gruesomely verified the calculations which that far sighted .individual had worked out. And so it was that this Cliilde Ronald to liis Dark Tower came. Four sweating- constables armed with pickaxes (iarried out tills strange exhu mation. Under the stone floor of the kitchen they came upon the icement from the third barrel, and in the cement, they came upon tlie bodies of a woman and four children. The woman, and three of the children had their throats ciit from ear to ear. and the fourth child had boon strangled with a piece of clothes line, which was still round Its neck. , Mr. Lowe had an unusually interest ing cable message to send to the 'Argus' in Melbourne that afternoon, and in just a week from the day on . which lie received his first instructions he sent r. -complete report of the murders which he had, been mainly instrumental in dis covering.: and with which all England was ringing some hours after. , When the story of the Rainhill mur ders was published in the ' Argus,' alone of all the Melbourne papers next morning. Albert Oliver Williams, alias Frederick Bailey Deeming, was already on liis way from Southern Cross in custody. If the- Wiodsor. charge broke down, the Rainhill case would liangliim safely enough. | ' Ah ! Mr. Lowe, glad to see you,' ;said Superintendent Shore next day. stretching out his hand cordially to his visitor. ' Let me congratulate you upon the smartest piece of detective work that has been done in England for many years.' 