OPKBENT TOPICS. Ophlr, where there Is gold, has for many cen turies past been as effectually lost to the world as.Atlantia or Avalon. Solomon's ships went out thither, and after a three years' voyage returned with the gold which made all his splendour, and with many precious stones, and much sandal wood. But thev left ho charts behind them, and whether, having passed Babelmandeb, they made south to the mouths of African rivers, or east to India, Is amongst things unknown. A dozen authori ties favour the one course, and at least as many the other. Cecil Rhodes has always held to the idea that the world's supply In those old days -came from Africa, and hoped in his northward progress to some day dis cover the mines. Dr. Peters' discovery on the Zambesi favours to some extent a realisation of that idea. The Cyclopean ruins found by him must have been the work of a powerful and resourceful people. And, moreover, they are similar, as we must judge by the term used, to those discovered throughout Asia Minor and Greece, and supposed to have been the work of Pelasgian people, living about 1000 B.C.- .Ruins of a similar character, however, are found . throughout "Western . Asia and Southern Europe, and also in America. The romantic Interest which attached to Prince Ranjitslnhjl In the palmier days of his cricket career Is likely to be revived by the question which is being raised as to his heir ship to his father's estate In India. A' mem ber of the House of Commons wants to know why Ranjl has been disinherited. Whether the coloured cricketer's revered parent, the Jam of Navanagar, objects to Ranjl's devo tion to cricket, or whether the latter has lost caste by becoming more English than the English themselves, Is not known, but, at any rate, It Is rather rough on the young man If he should be reduced to the position of a dependent upon cricket for a liveli hood. Anyhow, it is consoling to know that Ranjl will never be obliged to rough It, so long as he can play good cricket. It is related of General Grant that he was once watching a game of golf. In which the players Seldom hit anything but the ground, when a friend strolled up and asked him what he thought of the pastime. "Well," replied the General, cautiously, "there certainly seems to be a fair amount of exercise In the game, but hang !me It I can see what use you have for trie ball." That anecdote has been recalled by the fact that the Bondl golfers refrained from golfing last Sunday, probably because they laboured under the delusion that golf is a game, and trouble might ensue if It were played on the Sab bath 'Day. If Is doubtful, how-eiver, If the most zealous'member of the force would have the heart to prosecute anyone for playing golf, which someone has correctly described as "a good walk spoilt," although a charge might He for working the unfortunate cad dies who trudge patiently with their loads of sticks at the heels of the golfers. It Is to be hoped that the Rowing Associa tion, at Its meeting to-night, will not once more decide to enter upon the Intercolonial elght-oar contest with Its hands .tied by the limitation of 'the' rules" governing amateurs. Victoria's run of success of late years' Is at- tflbuted to the fact that her crew Is selectPd from members who Include manual labourers. New South Wales scorns to acknowledge the ipan who works with his hands as an amateur, though for what reason it would be difficult to explain, save on the hypothesis of what looks very like snobbery. In other classes of sport the manual worker is not excluded from the ranks of amateurs, and It is equally- necessary In rowing, where strength and muscle count for bo much, that our champions should not be restricted to men whose thews, and slnewa" are no match for those of the men whose oc cupation Is practically one long p'reparatiori or training for the contest. Tlie career of the late Mr. T. M. Davis does not tend to encourage the belief that a field of greater usefulness is open In Parlia ment than in the active work of trades unionism outside. For Mr. Davis did his best work as secretary of the Federated Seamen's Union, During his term of office that body was the most powerful association of workers in this colony, and Its splendid organisation and Influence were mainly due to the devotion and energy with Which its secretary served It. In Parliament Mr. Davis found the Held of reform so hedged around with restrictions that, the usefulness with which his career - outside, woe marked proved ineffectual. The; Wear and tear of Parliamentary 'work Is not suited to every man's temperament. The man who would perform heroic work outside in the cause of his fellow-unionists, where a clear course Is ahead of him, often finds himself a helpleBs unit In the legislative arena, with so many conflicting interests to recon cile that the task of reform is -ondered hope- less. Evefv a John Burns finds himself chaf ing In the House of Commons when he re flects what valuable tjme he loses that might be much better spent outside among the toll ers in the work of organisation and social betterment. There Is an indecent eagerness about the efforts of the "S.M. Herald" to push Its sales In the northern district; and It is very poorly disguised by the pretence ofustlce to New castle. It Is time the workers of Newcastle wakened -up. to this little move, and with them the whole of the residents along the line, and the regular travellers of Sydney and of the northern district— of what use to them will a train be that leaves Sydney at 3 a.m.? Of what use to travellers are the trains which lonve now on southern and western lines at the same ungodly hour? Do they want- to sit up all night in Sydney, to get up nt four at Hornsby, and as a counterbalancing penalty for the privilege of doing so to be left with no train service at all between 9.5 a.m. and '6.15 p.m.? , This Is the prospect which appears, If the little game now being played Is allowed to be won. A morning and an evening train for the people, and a 3 a.m. train for the news paper proprietors, and that small handful of local folks who will find time to read two morning papers, the one necessarily an en largement of the other, before getting to work. Public protest Is required to bar the way of private intrigue in this Impudent business. Undeterred by the bitter experience of the New Australians, Rieottl Garibaldi proposes to. found an Italian colony In the Argentine. There Is already an Italian population of half a million In the republic, so that the people of the hew colony will not be altogether amongst strangers. But' the struggles en dured by the Utopians who followed William Lane into the wilderness do not encourage the belief that the Italian colony will prove more successful than the Australian experi ment. The people who left these shores were In the main Inured to hard work, adapted to circumstances, and much less liable to quarrel among themselves than fiery Italians. Yet they practically wasted their time and sub stance In a wild- goose enterprise. There Is no prospect that the Italian colony, which will bo much more poorly equipped In every re spect, will fare any better. The ralson d'etre of Mr. Terry, if not of his party, was very happily set forth by Mr. Wise at Mr. Terry's dinner last night. "It was Mr. Terry's merit that, being a good natured man, he was naturally the leader of all the good fellows in Parliament." What more than that could even Mr. Terry desire, and what more could nil those pertinacious people seek who are for ever nsklng questions about the Terry party? All good fellows, that sums It up fairly and accurately, and yet makes It a little awkward for those who are left out. Possibly, however, Mr. Terry desires to make good fellows of them all, and to that end In vites thorn In batches to dinner. There are worse, or, at least, less hopeful, ways of set ting about that task. It has, Indeed, been said that a good deal of discord and time wasting in the House dates from the time when tea took the place of dinner. Mr. Terry hopes to change all that, and certainly last night he began with a mixed assembly. Mr. Nelld, Mr. Haynes, Mr. Dacey, Mr. Wise, Mr. Sawers, Mr. Cohen. Various extremes met there, and as it Is hoped with good results, and happy auguries for the future. The capture of a sea-leopard at Coff's . Har bour shows that this specimen of the seals of the southern seas has been driven farther north than it Is usually found, probably by the cold weather. As a rule the sea-leopard, s> called from Its spotted fur, Is found very much farther south, but as It Is somewhat migratory, like the remainder of the seal faim-. ily. It is often discovered a long distance from its usual haunts. The Bpeclmen captured nt Coff's Harbour showed fight when attacked, and must have proved a formidable antagon ist considering It measured twelve feet by seven. It will, doubtlesc, be found that there ore many more In the vlclniey, thougri such an easy capture Is not likely to be experienced again. The blacks encamped on the reserve near Bundarra do not sufficiently appreciate the blessings of civilisation. Given a 280 acres' block to cultivate, and a plough and harrow thrown In, they have. In two years, cleared one acre, and growji about 30 cabbage plants. This Is very discouraging to the paternal gentlemen of the Aborigines Board, but It only bears out the . aboriginal philosophy, which was expressed by a northern black- fellow, who, pausing to watch a gang of navvies at work, observed that the white fel low was a fool to make roads for the black- fellow to walk on. In this Instance the white fellows of the Aborigines Board have been foolish to think that the blackfellows will de velop a sudden taste for agriculture after a career devoted to the chase. The quadrilateral of mlllionalrSs to which we referred yesterday has gone to work promptly, a thing usual In the proceedings of millionaires scheming for a commanding position. It hns taken up Its quarters In the Chinese capital, backed up by Instructions to the American Minister at Pekln to support the claims of the Anglo-American-Chinese Development Co. Apropos here. Is the asser tion of Lord Charles Beresford that nothing is rotten In China' except the official class, which begins by mistaking literature for practical knowledge, and ends by regarding corruption as the sole aim of administration. And he calls upon the Governments of the world to squash officialdom and reconstruct the rest. The world won't. Three centuries ago that was the attitude of the world's Go vernments towards India, whose rottenness was also largely official. The 'regeneration of the India of Jo-day is due to a company of merchants. Why hot the regeneration of the China of to-morrow? The presence of a few warships In Del&goa; Fay Is" said to have eased the situation In the Transvaal. This looks like an official Intimation that the situation is not so grave. It will probably be. found that a hitch- has oc curred somewhere. Kruger has not abated Ills proposals to the extent which would sa tisfy Sir Alfred Milner, and it is, therefore, somewhat mystifying to be informed that the' appearance of a couple of warships off De- lagoa has made the position easier. The pro bability is that there Is trouble at the Cape. Between Sl Alfred Mllnbr and his Ministerial advisers lies the Issue. The Ministry, depen dent upon the Afrikander Bund for Its sup port, dare not sanction a policy of "hostility ti the Boers, while Sir Alfred, on the other hand, is impelled by Imperial policy to "see It through." The tameness of the Governor's bi cech, combined with the report that the si tuation Is easlhg, looks aB if the policy of peace will prevail. . An interim report of the Unemployed Ad visory Board reaches the Government at the_ very moment when. If there is any heart left In the country at all, the term unemployed should be very rarely heard, when from : the Darling to the Murray the sound, of .the shearing, or the pre paration for shearing, Is In the nir; when the' springing of the grass after the con stantly-extending rain should Induce all laud- holders, to look to possible works of develop ment; and when it would appear as the very worst policy that could be Imagined to stnu'wl new and unnecessary works, which would 9 tend rather . to; Increase' than, diminish th>9 numbers of the moil who prefer hanging allout 9 the city to facing the responsibilities nt u,6 B bush. Sprub-cuttlng; forest-thinning, railway 9 work, and bridge painting seem still the main. 9 stays of the committee. . 'But' If the painting 9 business is left to the painters, -and'Tallway 9 work to the Railway Commissioners, we shall 9 probably get the forestry and scrub work pn 9 better footing through new legislation. And 9 'till that Is effected this colony has little nttd 9 to gibe at Its neighbours, If such a spring ns fl now opens will not find work and pay for an B her people. Those well-meaning people who are con. B stuntly carping on. what they are pleased to fl describe as the "national wickedness" of Australians should learn how our peopij I compare with those of the old world. The eo.t. I slant Iteration of our wickedness Is apt t0 I pall. By way of a change, therefore, It I heartening to read that an Australian abreo, I has not found the standard of behaviour among English crowds any very wonderful I improvement on that of Australian assent. I hinges. In a letter to the secretary of th,; I Agricultural Society, Mr. J. T. 'Wilshlre, u 8 member of the council of that body, writes of 8 'Arry and 'Arrlet at the Crystal Palaceon AVlilt 8 Monday: — "These people were In hundreds, I and drunkenness and noise predominated, and I contrasted greatly with our crowds." Somo I of the slanderers of Australia should take this 1 sort of testimony to heart. It Is all very well I to decry disorder and rowdiness, but to Ima- I gine that Australia is exceptional for larrikin- 1 Ism and misconduct Is gross misrepresents- I lion, as every traveller knows. I Like the ghost of Banquo the great drink I question will not go down. On the contrary, I It bobs scTenely up In season and out of sea- I son, and the more. It Is wrestled with the I stronger it seems to grow. As a rule church- I men denounce the grog traffic, but by way «t I a change the American Bishop Potter has I just delivered a philippic against prohibition- I Ists, In which he denounces them as being I "arrogant, denunciatory, ignorant, un- I scrupulous, and untruthful, holding one I meagre fragment of the truth to their 1 eyes, and denying "great and fumla- I mental facts In human nature.". The I Bishop believes that there is a marked de- I crease of drinking among intelligent persons I .of the present generation, but this, he says, I Is not due to prohibition, or to the belief that I the use of intoxicants Is sinful, or that nil I grog is poison, but to the spread of the con- I vlctlon -that It does not pay to drink, except I in moderation. A practical war. against grog I is constantly being waged by the employers of labour, who insist on preferring sober men to men who drink too much, and so .the greater the competition for employment the greater will be the spread of a healthful tem perance; which Is, of course, a very different thing from rabid prohibition. , France, If she is quick to resent a real or fancied slight, is not to be outdone In inter national courtesy when occasion calls for It. The other day the Kaiser, over a . friendly glass on a French warship, referred to her as a .loble country, and now comes a graceful return on the part of France. The decoration of the Legion of Honour has been conferred by the French Foreign Minister upon a Ger man naval officer, who rescued a French sai lor from drowning. It would take a lot of deeds of this description to compensate France for the hosts slaughtered by Germany thirty years ago, but France is gradually- learning to bear that national reverse wltli philosophical resignation, and It Is apparently such little courtesies as those mentioned which help to remove the bitterness of It. The Premier, It Is said, does not at present Intend to publish the interim report furrtlshed to him by the Unemployed Advisory Board. On reading the synopsis of Its contents, pub lished In the "Australian Star" last nlglit, the. reasons for his reluctance become at once apparent. To carry out even a tithe of the Board's recommendations would cost the country many millions of money. Mr. Held has not just now got the money on hand, und he is consumed by no overwhelming desire to float another loan on the London money mar ket for constructive purposes. Speaking at Sandrlngham Minister Hogue remarked that "In building her schools Nev,- South "Wales neglected no part of her terri tory, and has studied the health and sani tary requirements of the children to the high est degree." A deal has been done to im prove our schools, no doubt, but the opinion of experienced opticians Is that a deal more has to bo done before the lighting of the buildings Is anything like what it should he. Every school should have plenty of good, large windows, so arranged as to throw the light over the shoulders of the scholars, and on to the books before them. In many schools we find the windows represented by narrow strips of frosted glass, put In merely for show purposes, and which render the closest attention and severe straining of the children's eyes imperative. This Is one of the most fruitful causes of myopia, and should be rectified without delay. When the coon in the tree said, "Don't shoot; Colonel, I'm coming down," he very .prudently admitted his- position to be un tenable. Had he made the admission when the Colonel was only In the next county, It would have meant a good deal more. But this Is the very position of the Eastern eable companies. The Imperial and Colo nial Governments ax-e busy arranging the terms of a Pacific cable service fur Canada and Australasia, and the companies all at once make an elaborate offer to cut down their In dian/rates. When Mr. Cliamberlalu allud. 'l the other day to the relations, between the .moderate dividends of ocean cable companies and their enormouB reserve funds, there clearly was eonstderdble point In his -reflec tions. - The whole cable position Is develop ing Interestingly. An Ideal Navigation Act ought to provide two things; on one side a well-balanced law, and ou the other a proper machinery of ad ministration. The best machinery for a navigation court Is that which secures a com bination of legal judicial skill with technical knowledge; practised magistrates to adjudi cate, advised' by naval assessors who under stand Bhips, seamen," and the customs of the sea, together with Its rules. Ou >the other- hand, the best code of rules Is oue which con siders all Interests with Impartial justice; those of owners, shippers, seamen, passengers; which ,is as reasonable in preventive control ns It Ib in deterrent effect. In botlt these prin ciples our present law Is very defective. Re garded In this light the. Navigation Bill to be shortly rolutroduced falls short of require ments. It Is an Improvement on the present law -In the matter of, legal procedure, and Is, so far to ))e commended. But it might be greatly Improved In the matter of taking thought for all interests, The danger 'of clashing with the Imperial Acts on the sub ject makes the subject of local reforms diffi cult, and the stress, laid, upon the matter In the Federal Constitution gives it further com plication. i 