A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AT AUBURN.. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGIBOUB HOOD. Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in visitants from another sphere, yet with the mnjority of folk the belief dies hard. . Miss Marner, of " Lamington," Vic toria-road, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once seen something resembling a ghost-when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by many months' illness. She says: " I commonnced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home front school. I did not feel sulliciently unwell to take to my bed, but oxpori enced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable, Faiher took ms to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing. my strength, and I was not' to exert myself. As I had no inclination to.do so,,.tleore :i?va no fear of my disobrying'thl8'order, ad 'I tsiok the "qiinilie tonic" given me,: with regularity, Thesn I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoullers and back, and at night I could scarcely geot any rest." ". We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr Marner, "but without effect.; then I consulted a well.known Collins-street practitioner. Re said my daughter was sufferilng Irinoipally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mnother took her away for a trip to Queenaland, but she re turned looking worse. Sithe would also retchab on rising in the m'oning ; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became 'a more ghost." "This time last year," said 'Miss Alice, " I weighod 7st 31bs., now I am g9t TIbs.,' " A great improveomoent; 'your treat ment must have been'beneficial 1" "No; all the 'medicine I gnt did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink 'Pills'for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before Juhil. lee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr Plea sanco's, Chapel' Street, Prahrn ; they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." " And you would recommend them I" *' Yes; and that strongly too," said Mr Mfarner, !.had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady did. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will cure anemia, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofula, con. sumption, chronic erysipelas, debility. indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and chest and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paralysis, locomo tor ataxia, neuralgia, St. Vitus' daince, and nervous headache, and all nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr. Williams' Mledicine Company, c/o Rocke, Tompsitt & Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, at two and nine a box ,or six for fifteen and threepence, but are genuine only with the full nnme (seven words), Dr. Williams' i'ink Pills for Pale People, on each box. Thousands have testified to their curative powers. 