GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AT AUBURN. EXCITEMENT IX THE NEIGH- BOURHOOD. Tho' some septies may deny belief in visitants from, another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies hard. Miss Marner. of " Lamington.' r Victoria-road, Auburn. A'ictoria, lias more than oneo seen something resembling a ghost—when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by many months' illness. She says :— " I commenced, some two y«irs ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to tako to my lied, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Taither took me to w. a. doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had 110 Inclination to do so. there was no fear of my disobeying this orilor, and I took tlie ' quinine tonic' given me with regularity. Then I commenced to fwl acute pa,ins in my shoulders aud back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We (ried everything to induce sloop." interposed Mr. Marner, "but without effect: then I consulted a well-known Collins-street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a. change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morn'ing : any food taken eojild not be kept down. She lnsf flesh and became a mere ghost." "This time last year." said Miss Alice. "I weighed Tst. ;',lb.. now I am flsf. 71b." " A great improvement : your treatment must have bec-n beneficial ?" " No : all the medicine I got. did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Tiuk Tills for Pale' Feople deserve that credit. .Tust before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me .1 box of Dr. Williams' Pink Tills nt Mr. Ploasance's. Chapel-street. Prahan; they did 1110 so much good that I continued with them. It Is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and 1 am now as healthy as anyone could wish." " And you would recommend them T "Yes. and that strongly, too." said Mr. Marner. "Had I known of Dr. Williams* Pink Pills Two years before, it would have saved 1110 a hundred pounds." There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save thc-or pockets if they act. as this young lady did. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will cure anaemia, weak heart, sleeplessness. scrofula, consumption, chronic erysipelas, debilily. indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and chest, and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paralysis, locomotor ataxia, neuralgia. St. Vitus* dance, and nervous headache, and all nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by <Mie Dr. Willtonis* Medicine Company, c/o Itoc-ke. Toinpsitt anil Co.. FHndws-sr.roet. Melbourne, nt two and nfne a box. or six for fifteen and threepence, but are genuine only wit.Ii the full name (seven wordsV Dr. Williams 1 Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box. Thousands have testified to t.heir curative powers. 