.AJRisrs eiroim: the back blocks. A BUSH HAMLET. It was in a way back mining town. A benefit was being organised for the widow of a miner who had been killed. More in jest than earnest it was suggested that the projected enter tainment should amongst other things contain a scene from 4 Hamlet.' The difficulty of finding someone to per form the rdle of the Moody Dane was overcome by Bill Burke, who stated that he could p ay the part. Bill was a man who had read a good deal of Shakespeare in his time, but he was hardly destined by naTure to play parts where classical outlines were required. He was a big, bronzed, bearded man, who had been tanned under many fierce Australian suns. He set vigorously to work to learn the famous 4 To be or Hot to Be' soliloquy, and when the news went round the camp that he was doing this the 'boys' took a genuine m erest in all his doings. Especially at night—when they'd steal up to his tent, and hear him reel off portions of the great speech, would depart laughing the while. They resolved that when the eventful even ing came off that they would have some fun. It duly arrived, and in the rambling old galvanised building that answered to the name of 4 theatre' there was a large attendance. In fact, the benefit was an overwhelming success. Burke had been 4 starred ' in the programmes as the great Shake sperian actor, and every one waited anxiously for his appearance. The boys had come prepared to volley him with 4 barrack,' and no sooner had he come on with his bearded face 'sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought'—certainly the most unpoetic Hamlet that ever appeared—than he was greeted with storms of * How is the 100-feet level getting on, Bill V 4 Where's the mullock tipper now V 4 How many ozs. to the ton V &c.; Bill tried his best to keep h:s temper, but could not, and then abruptly broke up his performance by advanc ing to the front of the stage and yelling, ' I know you devils, I know you. Stop your row, or, by heavens, me and the Ghost will come and tear your blanky livers out' 