The Country Press. ^ The system of centralisation which, io §& trade wild commerce, has prosed such ^ ^ an infinite drawback to country in ^7 teresta, seems to hare operated with §B-, equal disadvantage upon the claims of p* country opinion to that respect which If 3s its undoubted right. Just as the 1%: people in the outlying centres have IS?" allowed themselves to drift into an pSpTigboble subservience to the city ^^bucltsterers and market-mongers, so K'-s .^they have allowed the city1 opinions m methods'of expression to be their "paSe mecum. '3?hy 3>roof of this lies open-faced in |fcOjgrtfqhincial press. OF themvrisd ™' "TOrtllitS* claim to be local directors |}iitpht-and opinion, fully nine }fijsjt|er... such inconsequential Mles^iipon questions of wide _ "ne tarns wearily metropolitan press guidance. This ilbtSjdepbttdftncp of the cnuntry .SSsi$f>p:fnOJtfopoiitan direction is re-prints that wd^tMliinini,^«bile independent l!" tftWicqni'WtBut is as rare as * * XheCopaeqnencejathat the couotiy eople, eo .lar^as. authoritative press advocacy is concerned, are utterly j unrepresented and, therefore, un heeded. In all (bote larger issues of political and social importance which agitate a people, the interests of the country inay justly be ssid to be paramount, l'he yeoman interest of a state bss at all tunas been recog nised and acknowledged as its back bone and mainstay. A moment's re daction upon the pursuits of the yeoman farmers, agriculturalists, and pasloralists, if any proof be necessary, will readily establish tbat position. Vet we find tbst in times of political crises, tho country press, arraying itself in faction according to professed policy, takes up the exact tone and key of the howl set up by its city moon- bayer. Daring last general elections a witty country contributor to a paper remarked that " the Syd ney papers bad only to bark to round up the people of the colony like a flock of sheep!" Whose fault is itf Certainly not that of tho metropolitan press, aad just ss certainly it must be that of the country preaa, which, from either mdolenco or incompetence, or mayhip both, is unable toexprosa and invest the opinions of the country people wjth that prestige and author ity which they undoubtedly ought to possess and maintain. This is not a fact tbst is calculated to make one fall over himself in the hurry to shake his owu baud in congratulation. It rather brings a Huddcn, if uuuiual, lit of hard think ing and skull scratching, and, if no other good purposo bo served, may cause a little more interest on the part of I be people themselves, to see that some slight amendment is ef fected, Only a couple of weeks back the leading paper in an important southern town actually devotod its leading article to a woeful wail about the sudden squelching of a local cockatoo under the foundations of a house, where it had suicidally scratched its own grave! Sydney Tiiutii satirised tho absurd bathoB with befitting scorn, and pointed out the article " as a sample of country journalism." Abundant such samples might be quoted, but it is a dreary business at the host, and too clearly corroborates tho reasons given why the country press wields so little of the power thnt is legitimately its right. The fault lies mncli more with the "people themselves than with the press. If the people were properly neir.ed with their own power and importance, thoy would jeer out of the town any alleged jnurnaliet who dared to send out broadcast to the world such arrant balderdash and nonsense. They would insist upon a man, who presumed to be a director I of ^public opinion, knowing the dignity of his mission, aud recognising , the (sot that tliey accepted a practical intimation that they were all lucky to be out of a lunatic asylum, as any thing but a compliment. The bet is that the press,especially the country press, ought to be a distinctively educative elaoteot, and ir chat element is educative at the wrong end, a serious national danger arises. The bulk of the people are too busy, in the pursuit of their liveli hood, to have either the time or the inclination to study matters of political and aooial importance. They turn to their newepaper for enlighten ment and instruction, and, it is no exaggeration to eay, that the huge bulb of the people ere entirely led by these meane, and their opinione permanently moulded in acoordanoe. liut the fact seems to be that the eounlry people have never had the benefit of a continuous training in ideas and opinione peculiarly adapted and consistent with country interests. Otherwise there would ^a a power ful alliance extending from one end of the outlying dietriots to the other, and on broad questions of poliov, and upon urgent matters of putlio expediency, the solid phalanx would he absolutely irresistible. Ae it is, there, is but a languid combination at the best, even in individual dig triots, while, on thosg few great questions over which Parliament hu been doddering for untold years, there is snob a woeful disunion, that like the fox in the fable, the metropolitan papers come In and openly walk off with the political booty over whioh the country con teatanle have interneolnely fonght until breathless. Certainly there ore provincial journals which can claim to have done their work faithfully and well. But they are so few and far between that they cry ont in the wilderness in vain and bIodb. From these the metro politan papers condescendingly quote on occasions of big public crises, provided of course the expressed opinione euit their own hook. But ft is then, end then only, that any authority is graciously yielded onto them, or that any notice is taken of their existence. This should not be, and is in itself a shameful fact to have to acknowledge. The remedy lies in the hands of the country press itself. With this, the opening of the new year, a concerted effort ahonld be made all ronnd, to so invest conntry press opinions with weighty authority, as to make them, in them selves, imperatively insistent upon widespread recognition and respect. So bras ite efforts Will permit, the Chronicle intends to ppyane. this aim, and, no matter, what the result be, will continue to pursue, under the new established regime. The Armidale Municipal Council is to bb muchly congratulated upon the un failing regularity with which its meet ings meet to part in unanimous nothing ness and tio quorumosity. This is a Wealthy sign. It chows that the local Udermcn are possessed with the truly federal spirit of yes-tio-ism, and LhflL the I future of ibe municipality is quite safe in j the boioai of futurity. Meanwhile, vital-1 ever paltry f&r; hundreds or tbouUDds for which it is liable, fslJ due, can be easily settled by tbo erpedients of Dicky Swivellcr, or may be garnered in as an act of rejoicing' when Andree has un scrctred the North Pole. Yet it may not be malapropot to remark that local Government is a privilege dear tq the hearts of all that have not got it, and at every general election it is made a big wooden plank in every man's platform. Quite a small family of country and suburban municipalities bsve latterly given up the ghost. And it alwaya began by first giving up the quorum. Some more explicit remarks will be tendered later on. Ton case of (he cabman, who was fined yesterday for failing to observe the ordi-! nary precaution of health by disinfecting bis cab, sras one in which the Bench leaned distinctly to the side of leniency. The man had conveyed a child whose body was aflame with a malignant disease, typhoid fever, in his cab to the hospital, and, upon (icing told by the authorised Council ofilcer to disinfect his vehicle, bluntly declined to do so. In punishing the defendant, who by the way wisely pleaded guilty, tbe Bcncli commented upon the seriousness of the offence, but only assessed tbst seriousness at the sum of one sovereign and costs. Early example in tlieso cases saves aheap of future (rouble. A stitoh in time saves nine hundred after. Medical science has fully established that typhoid is both coultgious and iufcctious, though it was a moot point for many years, and the grave possibilities involved in (he offence disclosed mUBl feel sorely aggrieved at their cheap estimation by the Bench. It is to hoped that, nothing to the contrary notwithstanding, tho Court will fall upon any future delinquent with a ten-ton thud, and so relievo the public mind of a very natural uneasiness over (he busi ness. Toe sudden demi volte, made by the Indian authorities against Australian horses line its amusing as well as its serious aspects. Seeing that tho tick fever has been known so long, and (hat meanwhile possibly thousands of our horses have been purchased and despatched to India, thtB sudden awaken ing comes rather late in the day. It ta a species of horse tie dolorcuir, so to speak, wliiob cannot he said to be allied even in the remotest relationship to common horse sense. Had the Indian powers that he raised this question two years ago, there might have been sotuo reason in it To go into hystrries over it now is as rcasonablo as to plane tbe pustules off tho body of a man suffering from small-pox as a method of cure. Whatever infection from our horses was probable is already calmly seated ill the Indian Kmpirc, and is no doubt indulging in a swim occasion ally in the Ganges. That it has not ap peared there, however, is an established fact, and that would seem to prove that with ordinary precautions.both ends, 110 infection is possible. A Sydhev divine has unburdened him self of the bursting opinion that the only true spot upon which tho wearied federal capital ran rest its blistorod feet is Cooma. He gives various reasons for ltis conclusion. Firstly, Cooma is a cool spot. Certainly that is a very necessary -con dition lor any place-where legislation -is to be taken on hand. Our own experience is that the average member ofParliament can usually, at a moment's notice, supply sufiiciout calorie out of himself to make the thormometer rise to a point of order. Coolness of climate is therefore an adraotagoi But why not tho SouthT'ole on similar reasoning P The reasons given fay roost of theso wiseacres are futile and flimsy in tho extreme. Our opinion about the Federal Capital is that it should ho in a spot which would setup a widespread system of decentralisation, radiating from all tbe big cities to its sphere, and, at the same time, reoopcile in part, if not wholly, the big intercolonial riparian and pastors! jealousies. Where is that spot? The ChbokiclE will tell -before long. Pauuauekx. having jumped with both big feet upon the expanding chest of tbe Greater Britain Exhibition scheme, Majswbono Neild indignantly denies that he had made any arrangements to proceed to London on the mission.' That may be a consoling fact to the Majaw, but it by no means consoles tho public for the loss of the large ,tim of money already expended on the -project. Tltp Treasury lias jutt written to the committee, telling them to shut up instanter. So far, the scheme has cost £2500 for space engaged, and £271 5s Id for incidentals. That makes in all £2771 5s Id to date. Tbe project has proved an awful fiasco, and woeful waste of pnblic money, be sides making the colony look uttferly ridiculous in the eyes of the world. Since the death of the Soudan.donkey we have been spared the ridicule of clownish act^J Bat this exhibition fiasco brings us on _ again into an unenviable position of absurdity. The aggregation of " push" outrages in fhe city during the past fortnight is a hideous travesty upon the "peace on earth and good will to men" protestations made from the pulpits during the very time the brutal outrages were being 'en acted. The city larrikin, thanks be to Providence, holds no relation or affinity with bis buoolic type. In tbe country town, tbe would-be skuU- baltererii so well-known that any outrago be might dare would be certain to be sheeted home tohimindoublequicktime. Indeed, so far as general record goes, the country type is perfectly harmless, and tqerely gets drunk, howls vulgar ditties in a raucous voice, and "tegs" np in flash style, as a sort of healthful diversion from the long -monotomy of chewing tobacoo on the street corner, and using' oaths that go thirteen to the hundredweight, Se -is also immediately under tbe influence of religious remonstrance. TMb is an all-im portant foot. The city larrikin is treat ed as an Ishmael, and, indeed, a an Ishmael, so for as the eleigy ace con cerned. He knows- no discipline save that of the triangles. He is everbody'e concern and therefore nobody's—except that of the police. And Ikeg are rather indifferent spiritual reformers if past ex perience counts for aught. Mr. Bussell's forecast for yesterda waB,—Light to moderate winds frai 8outh to S E. weather fine generallj At the Police; Court thie week middle aged stranger of wandorln proclivities, rejoioing in the name « Mr. Morten, was fined one shillin for over indulgence in strong drini 