(Drigtnal flaper. THE EA.STEKN LITUEGIES. [The following paper, read at a meeting of the Buridecanal Chapter of Kilmore, recently held at Nathalia, was ordered by vote of the. Chapter to be forwarded to the Church newspapers for publication. It is derived for the most part from 'Liturgies Eastern and Western (the Western is not yet published), being the texts, original or translated, of the principal liturgies of the Church, edited by F. E. Brightman, M.A., Pusey Librarian, University of Oxford, on the basis of the former work by v. a. ttammona, m.A., sometime jeeuow auu. Tutor of Exeter College.'] It is impossible to form a just opinion of the institution, government, and doctrine of the Christian Church without an accurate knowledge of her primitive liturgies. The question, What was the liturgical teaching of our Divine Master, His Apostles, and their immediate disciples? naturally occurs to every sufficient student. What organisation and form did the Church of Christ take upon her in the Apostolic and near Apostolic ages? Was she a divine, holy, unified institution, guided by human wisdom and prudence, sanctified and safeguarded by the Holy Ghost? or was she left by her ascended Lord shiftless, hapless, and uncared for — a mere 'concourse of fortuitous atoms' — without order, without coherency, without purpose, the sport of accident and chance? The true answer to these questions is to be found in the Apostolic liturgies, in the form of institution, government, and doctrine, established by the Apostles and their disciples. Whatever that was, it must, ex necessitate rei, be true and right, for if it were not so it would involve, first, a failure of Christ's promise to His Apostles, and through them to His Church, for all time: 'Lo, I am with you alway, even to the consummation of the ages; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against you;' or, secondly, the Christian religion must have been an impotent failure at its fountain head and source, a mere accidental wave in the great ocean of eternity, lifting its crest above its fellows for a little time, and then falling back idly into the great waste of waters. This would be, indeed, a lame and impotent conclusion to so great Divine promise of the ages, and to so great aspirations and longings of the race. A Church founded by Christ, and- purchased with His own blood, left without institution, government, and doctrine, without authority, organisation, and dis cipline, is unthinkable. A Church which is the supreme handiwork of God— Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; a Church which had been foreordained before the worlds, and ordered with infinite wisdom through the ages; a Church which is the wonder and admiration of angel and archangel, of cherubim and seraphim, left to be the sport of every variable wind of chance, would be a blemish upon the consummate wisdom and absolute foreknowledge of God. We must let alone for ever the idea of the Church of Christ without institu tion, government, and doctrine. We must neither think it, speak it, act it, nor countenance it. We turn then to, amongst innumerable other historic proofs, the liturgies of the Apostolic and near Apostolic Church to show what was the nature and character of its institution, government, and doc trine. 'While,' said the Rev. T. N. Blunt, M.A., F.R.S., 'the temple was standing— that is, until the death of the Apostles, except St. John — the only distinctive ministry among Jewish or proselyte Christians was that of the Eucharist ; and it was the same probably among the Gentile Christians also ? Among the Greek Fathers the terms ' mystical liturgy' and ' holy liturgy' are often used for the ministration of the Eucharist ; the Divine liturgy (^ 0eta Xeirovpyia) is spoken of in the Apostolical Constitutions as if the Divine liturgy was the received title of the service in the beginning of the fourth century in the Eastern Churches, as it is at the present day.' That the words of institution of the Eucharist was the central point,' or nucleus, about which the Divine liturgy gradually accumu lated, there can be no reasonable doubt ; and that that liturgy was, like the New Testament itself, the work of the Apostles, and a pro gressive development. St. Proclus, patriarch of Constantinople, a.d. 434, states ' that the Apostles arranged a liturgy before they separated to go to their respective fields of labour.' St. Chrysostom indicates a similar tradition. The holy doctors of the early Church regarded St. Paul and his writings as being, to a large extent, the fountain and source of liturgical worship, his epistles containing frequent reference to it. _ 'Further,' said Blunt, 'there are many passages and expressions in the writings of the Apostles which are singularly like corresponding language in some of the primitive liturgies. At first thought, it would seem manifest that, the liturgies had quoted these passages word for word, or in substance, from the Apostolic writings; but research and criticism have led liturgical students to an exactly opposite conclusion— namely, that the Apostolic writers quoted from the liturgy which they were constantly using, and had been using, perhaps, for many years before they wrote these epistles. Such passages, for example, as 1 Cor. ii. 9, xv. 4, 5, Eph. v. 14, 1 Tim. i. 15, 2 Tim. ii. 11-13, are quoted by St. Paul with the prefix, 'As it is written,' or, ' This is a faithful saying,' and yet they are not to be found in the Old Testament. Bishop Lowth supposes the first of these to be quoted from an apocryphal book, as he says it is impossible for ' temperate criticism' to consider it as a quotation from Isaiah. Yet the very words are found in the liturgy of St. James, and in St. Clement's first epistle, and a portion of them in the acts of St. Polycarp. A great many more passages are to be found in the epistles, which have a similar appearance of being quoted from the original form of the primitive liturgies, which are still extant ; and it is not unlikely that scientific criticism, such as has been applied to the text of Holy Scripture, might restore a considerable portion of the Apostolic liturgy. 'Much light might also be thrown on the Eucharistic ritual of the first and second centuries by a careful examination, for that purpose, of the book of the Revelation and the writings of the Fathers, comparing them with the liturgies that have been handed down to us in a later form.' The liturgies which I have consulted are those of St. James. St. Mark, of the Syrian Jacobites, of the Coptic Jacobites, of the Abyssinian . Jacobites, of the. Nestorians, the Byzantine liturgy, liturgy of St. Chrysostom, of St. Basil, of the Armenians, the Sahidic Ecclesiastical Canons, including the liturgy of Palestine in the fourth century, the liturgy of Antioch, of Syria eighth century), liturgy of the Dionysian 'Writings, Epistle of James of Edessa to Thomas the Presbyter, the pra-sanctified liturgy of St. James, the Diptychs of Jerusalem, and a number of others which may be found in the Appendices to Brightman's Eastern, Liturr/ies, published in 1896, and which may be regarded as one of the most scholarly works of this century. The sum and substance of these liturgies may be stated as follows: — 1 . Mass of the Catechumens ; 2. Mass of the Faithful ; 3, 4. Anaphora, or the Oblation ; 5. Invocation of the Holy Ghost, to change the sacred gifts into the Body and Blood of Christ ; 6. The intercession for the Church Militant, consisting of bishops, priests, and deacons, of the minor clergy, sub-deacons, readers, choristers, widows, orphans, the catechumenoi, and the possessed, for the laity, for all sorts and conditions of men, for the dead; 7. The Elevation; 8. The Com munion; 9. The Thanksgiving — ' Having received the precious body and the precious blood of Christ, let us give thanks to Him that made us worthy to receive His holy mysteries ; and let us beseech that it may not be unto condemnation but unto our salvation, unto profit of soul and body, unto the protection of godliness, unto the forgiveness of sins, and unto life eternal;' 10. The Dismissal — And the deacon shall say : 'Depart in peace.' It will thus be seen that the Eastern liturgies, with one consent, bear witness to the Eucharistic Oblation, as the one and only central act of worship in the Christian Church ; that the liturgy was formulated by the Apostles ; that it precedes the Gospels ; that the Gospels appear to have been largely imbued with the verbiage and spirit of the liturgies; that the Church taught and believed the doctrine of the real presence, and of the transmutation of the elements of bread and wine into the precious body find blood of our Lord Jesus Christ; that the anaphora, or Eucharistic Oblation, was generally preceded by an invocation of the life- giving power and efficacy of the Holy Ghost upon the consecrated elements of bread and wine; that there were prayers of intercession made to the Theotokos and Ever- Virgin Mary, to the Apostles, and to the martyrs ; that prayer was made for friends and for enemies, for believers and for unbelievers, for princes and for all in authority under them ; that none but the faithful were allowed to be present at the Eucharistic Oblation ; that catechumens, the possessed, unbelievers, heretics, schismatics, Jews, and heathen men were excluded from the Mass of the faithful ; that the Church was governed by bishops, priests, and deacons, and that the inferior order of clergy consisted of sub-deacons, readers, singers, &c; that there were also female assistants employed in the outside work of the Church — virgins and widows ; that there were persons who lived in communion in monasteries, and who spent their time in offices of prayer and devout study of the Holy Scriptures, &c; that the discipline of the Church was rigid, severe, and penitential; that when false doctrine, heresy, or schisin arose, the questions in dispute were settled by (Ecumenical Councils of the whole Church when the importance of the occasion demanded, or by Synodal ' Councils in regard to matters of a purely diocesan nature, and by none other authorities. Since the above paper was read, the following points of ritual observance, omitted in the first instance through want of time, are added : — 1\. That the sacred gifts, when presented on the altar [dva-iaaT-qpiov), were censed with incense, and also after consecration. 2. That lights were used during the celebration of the sacred mysteries as symbols of joy, praise, and . thanksgiving. 3. That the diptychs (double- leaved tablets) were read aloud by the elect deacon, asking the prayers of the congregation for the dead, whose names the deacoti recited categorically ; this followed the oblation of the Holy Eucharist. 4\. That ikons, or images, were used in many, if not all, of the churches to create and intensify the idea of the reality and personality . of our Lord, of the Theotokos, of the Holy Apostles, of the Holy Evangelists, and of other sainted and honoured servants of God. 5\. That the sign of the cross (nignum crucis) was used ritually and rubrically, at denned places, in the Eucharistic liturgy, the sacred elements being always consignated by the celebrant priest. 6. That there were appropriate and appointed ascriptions to the Holy Trinity. It must be very clear to every intelligent reader that the narrow limits afforded by a paper must be greatly inadequate for the purpose of conveying an extended view of this profoundly interesting and august subject. Dr. Neale, one of our great liturgists, spent twenty years in pursuit of liturgical studies. He says, preface to second edition of his Eastern Lituruies, 'It is impossible to overrate the clearness or importance of this testimony to the cardinal dogmas of the Real Objective Presence, and the Propitiatory Sacrifice of the Eucharist for the living and the dead.' And again, preface to first edition, 'I earnestly trust that this collection of valuable monuments of Christian antiquity may tend to the propagation among us of the primitive faith respecting the Holy Eucharist. These documents are amongst the purest fountains of Eucharistic teaching.' And further, in the preface to his translation of the liturgies, he adds : ' And I say most unhesitatingly, that while I can conceive some passages in them might be tortured into a Calvinistic sense were sufficient ingenuity employed, no ingenuity can make any single clause even patient (sic) of the theory of equivalence, which the 'opinion' of a Scotch bishop seems to endorse. If that (the bishop's theory of equivalence) be true, the Eucharistic teaching of every Eastern liturgy is false.' [While printing the above paper at the request of the Ruridecanal Chapter of Kilmore, and heartily endorsing the Chapter's opinion of the care and research bestowed by the* learned writer on the study of the Eastern Liturgies, we think it right to notice that, though we accept generally the Rural Dean's account of the liturgies which he had consulted, we regret that he has not shown his authority for the positive statements 'that the liturgy (sic) was formulated by the Apostles, that it precedes the Gospels, that the Gospels appear to have been largely imbued with the verbiage and spirit of the liturgies ;' or that the Church 'taught and believed the transmutation of the elements of bread and wine into the precious Body and Blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. '] 