UNBM ||Tf S WHEEL. ' *—_ ? w i [By LiAWRENCEf h. LYNCH, author of 'Shadowed by Three,' 'No Proof,'* eta] CHAPTER XXVIII —(Continued). Shut out as\lie is, and has been, from the ] confidence of Hope^and the sheriff, while wor- i thy of both, and believing the return of the sheriff to mean the beginning of hostilities j against Loya, ana his arrest for Felix Ghet- i wynde's murder; tortured -with fear for the re- ! suit of this climax, so feared ana dreaded by Lorna, and never guessing the latent courage . and strength of the girl seemingly so delicate — Glynne has come with a fixed purpose, which he announces to the sheriff with an abruptness which actually startles that usual ly collected and calm official: 'Mr. Cook, I have come, at the last moment, I am sorry to have to- say, .to give myself up j for the shooting of Felix Chetwynde. I don't intend to make my confession needlessly bl:i ck, nor more sensational than must be. I wish, you could make it appear that I have not confessed, but that you have discovered my secret, but ? ' . 'Look here, Glyime ? ' 'One moment, please; let me have it out, and make an end of it. It is true that I warned Loyd that the bridge was unsafe! It is also true — though you may not have known it— that I followed him ? ' 'Oh— huml' The sheriff has fallen into an altitude of intent listening, noting closely every shade upon the young man's face. 'I followed him, and saw— saw what has been described to you, I believe, but as a thing to be held back from the public if possible. I mean— the scene between Chetwynde and— Hilton's sisteiv' 'Yes.' . ' ^ . 'I saw this. I saw him take her away. ?Hilton, I mean. You know of this, too?' The officer merely nods. What lie is hear ing seems, somehow, to be highly gratifying to him. .*. 'What you may not know is, that I found a way to cross the ravine. I was boiling with rage! I could have throttled the man with my two hands! I could have hurled him into the ravine— if I had not had a weapon at hand. Mr. Cook, you and the doctor have marvelled' at the direction from which the fatal shot must have come. You could not reconcile it irith such facts as you knew. If you had turned .your thoughts toward me — towards another direction, or, if you had investigated closely, you might have thought of — -' 'Stop! Without more words, are you offer ing yourself as guiltv in the place of Loyd Hil ton?' 'I am.' ''And — do you intend to make a full — confes- sion?' 'No! My conscience does not urge me to that.' 'Yet you distinctly claim to be the man who ehot Chetwynde?' 'That is what I claim, and I have wondered, more than once, why your suspicion has. never been directed toward me.' The sheriff turns and silently unlocks a drawer in the desk beside him.' 'Did it ever occur to you that I had turned the eye of suspicion towards you— perhaps?' 'You!' Glynne's start is unmistakable, and. for a moment, his face is tell-tale. Then he pulls himself together again. ?'After all,' | he munnurs, 'I don't know why it should sur nrise me!' 'Nor L' The sheriff suddenly takes from the desk drawer one cf those small oblong lea ther tool bags used by the bicycle rider, and carried strapped upon his wheel. 'Do you recognise that. Mr. Glynne?' 'That!' Terry catches at the thing and turns it over in his hand. 'Why, it's my tool bag!' he exclaims, in unaffected surprise. 'Here's my name upon it!' 'When did you last see that little article?' 'Why, - I -lnissed ? '?- j Again he recovers himself. 'Am I compelled to answer? I riiink not' 'You need not. I found your bicycle bag at the Heights, near a tree only a few paces from where the body was found.' 'Ah!' Terry catches his breath. 'But that is not all, Mr. Glynee. Let me show you how well prepared I am for this vis it. At first I did not look upon Hilton as the person most likely to have done the deed. But the downfall of the bridge set me to studying things up there very closely, and one day — I ? had already found the little bag— I discovered dose to the edge of the ravine^ traces of what I at first thought to have been a struggle. But a few days later I chanced to kick a long pole eut of my path, and then to wonder how it eame there. Taking it up in my hands I dis covered that one end had been sharpened, and that particles cf dry earth still clung to it Taking it to the place where I had found the footprints, I examined closely, and conclu ded that' someone — an athlete he must have been— had leaped the ravine by the aid of that pole.'' .'.-,?: 'You were very shrewd,' saidjg$ynne grave lyly. 'I admit it; I crossed by' aid of the pole.' 'Next day,' goes on the sheriff, 'I prowled ?« little further out and around the place .near the bridge, and found that some boards had been wrenched from the nearest fence. One could see'littie in the depths of the ravine, ow ing to its narrowness, and so I lowered myself down with the rope ladder I captured from the Hervey burglars, and, under the old bridge, just as they had been dropped, I found .the missing fence boards. When, by inquiry, I found that the boards had been in -the place— the fence repaired, hi fact— just two days be fore the tragedy, you can guess at my con clusions. Possibly, you know something of that too?' ? . 'I know all about it. But, having confessed the deed, Mr. Cook, I will say no more— at leastf not now.' 'As you please.' The sheriff shut the leather case away in his desk again, saying in a low, stern tone, and with his back turned to the visitor, 'I- keep this of course. Do you know of any reason why I should not put you under instant arrest ?' . .' : Again Glynne 'started, and this time flushed hotly, and again he restrained; his first im pulse. ;??:?.: - 'If I had not been fully prepared for that possibility,' he replies, 'I should not have come to you.' 'Well— I dislike to do ? 1' the sheriff, who having turned back now faces the -window, stops short, . ' ''. 'Glynne,' he says hastily, 'Mrs. Hilton and her daughter are coming up the steps. Do you wish to meet them?' 'Not if it can be avoided.' 'Then I must ask you to step into that al cove behind the screen. There is a chair there. I will manage matters as I best can for all of us. I fancy they are only bringing &e; a— message.' : - . ? There is no tune for hesitating, and reluct ant, doubtful Glynne slips behind the screen, and wirhrn fto sumo mnmoivt-' thi* liirlfoa -J3TA an the room. . - 'As they enter the sheriff meets them, bat in hand. \ ;??- - ''; :.''? ' ' : 'You 'were going out,' Mrs. Hilton says re gretfully. 'Can you .giv-e us, give Miss Hil ton, just five minutes?' - He bows, and before he has opened his lips . Lorna is speaking. -..*.... - '-. 'Mr. Cook my errantLmay seem io. you ,£ue weak, almost' foolish .whim t-f a fanciful girl, but I must tell- you of something which has just come fully to' my mind.' * Without naming hjer brother, or Terence . Glynne, she tellis ho^, ,whm .abqifc' to :fitinjt)in the wooa about to fall, in fact, she ijaS^geea a face— or fio;feBcied; for at first ishe doubted, thinking it might have, fee^' a vision Of ner sick brain. ; She jaesciibeg flie , face JtopMng down, and. her memory of something Parting swiftly down ward; ?something like a sticks* long weapon. She tells ^of her doubts asid fears, and finally of her experience of the -pre- vious day; of her ride to the- HeighSTfHJh Aunt pass, and the. sudden appearance ojf a face looking out- at her from the busfies; of! her recognition of it, and of the vivid return of her memory.; ? .?She was sure now that she had seen the face on the day of Felix Chetwynde's death, sure that it was no vision, no fancy. 'And how,' asks the sheriff, 'do you con nect this face with the Shooting of Mr. Chet wynde?' 'How! I have known, always, from the very first moment, that Loyd was innocent, and yet someone shot Mr. Chetwynde! May not this be the guilty person? Why not? The face, I know it now, looked down from the tree just overhead.' j 'And — the something that fell? Do you know what that was?' Again he turns to his desk, opening, this time, the long, deep drawer beneath the writ- j ing-leaf, takes out something wrapped about i with rolled paper, and stripping off this co- j vering, holds it out before her eyes. j 'Did it look like this?' ' ' ? i For a moment Lama starts as if fasci- j nated, puts out her hand toward it, and then draws it back. 'Yes!' she declares breathlessly, 'yes! it was like that, I am sure. It was long, and dark, and the silver ornaments shone as it fell. What is it?' 'It is a cane, and a somewhat odd one. Will you take it and show me how. in what j way, it fell— whether straight down, as if i purposely dropped, or over and over, as if it had slipped frcm the hand.' Lorna takes the cane and holds it aloft 'It came straight down like this,' she says, and lets the stick fall from her hand. It strikes the floor with a queer little. clicking sound, and suddenly the sheriff pounces upon it, and has it in his hands, bending over it, and turning it this way and that. Then he holds it out for them to see. 'I've broken it!' cries Lorna; and, indeed, it would seem so, for certain of the silver knob- like mountings and scroll-shaped orna ments are loosened and displaced. For a moment the sheriff continues to ex amine the singular stick, then he looks up and smiles across at Lorna. 'You have broken a web, Miss Hilton! A web of circumstantial evidence strong enough i to destroy your brother, but for this!' hold ing up the cane. 'What is it?' they both ask breathlessly. 'It is a cunningly contrived air-gun; the work of some French genius, I'll dare swear. It shoots without noise, and I believe the j bullet taken from Felix Chetwynde's head J will be found to fit it' Then seeing Lorna's bewildered look, he exclaims, 'Is lit possible that you do not know that this weapon, for it is a weapon, was found close beside the dead man?' 'There is much that she did not hear,' in terposes Mrs. Hilton, 'because of her illness, and the doctor's orders.' ? The sheriff turns to Lorna. 'Miss Hilton,' he says, with grave kind ness, 'I wish this thing might have happened earlier, or that your friends had recognised the courage which I feel sure is in you. For I honestly believe that if there had been per fect frankness between us, we should have | been spared the complications which have j followed the death of young Chetwynde. As it is, I have had to work out the case by my self, and if the finger of suspicion has pointed to your brother ? ' 'My brother is innocent!' 'I hope we may prove it so. Of one thing I am sure — he would have been the first to come to me and tell his story, but for the fear of its effect upon you. Your friends hoped to spare you all knowledge of the truth. It was for your sake, too, that 4Miss Hope Chet wynde refrained, at first— until I already knew the main facts, indeed— from telling me what she, might have told. Ancl last Mr. Terence Glynne has held his tongue, also for your sake, until your brother's name became mixed, in the public mind at least, with this wretched affair, and he, too, has chosen to sacrifice himself on the altar of friendship.' Lorna's face flushes, her eyes droop, and her lip trembles. 'I won't stop now to describe the manner in. which this rumor started. It did not be gin with Miss Chetwynde, nor with myself, for we both are your friends; but Mr. Ter ence Glynne. has proved himself the staun chest friend of all.' 'How?' Lorna's voice is the merest whis per. 'By attempting to shift from your brother's Sliouiutrrs w iiio uwu me uuiueu uj. uvcuna tion. By denouncing himself instead.' 'Oh!' cried Lorna, 'why did he do it?' and she covers her face with her hands, while Mrs. Hilton, hitherto silent, asks slowly, gravely — 'Did he say he did it?' 'Not in so many words,*' and the sheriff smiles. 'Do you believe he did it?' 'Not the least in the world! If he had, he would never have let you brother figure for a moment as a suspected man. Ladies, I must ask you to defer further discussion for a little time. And now, how is your waif , your captured ghost?' 'In a most critical condition,' replies Mrs. Hilton, 'but conscious this morning.' 'Have you learned who she is?' 'No; Miss Cassandra Chetwynde is with her j constantly, and we,' with a meaning glance toward Lorna, 'have been shut out by her stern command.' 'Which is just what I must do for you. I am due at the villa this morning on business of importance, ladies, and if you will allow me to bid you adieu for a short time, I think lean promise you some news before night' When the ladies had withdrawn, Terence Glynne came firom behind the screen, a look of reproach upon his face. 'Mr. Cook, how could you?' 'Mr. Glynne, how could you try to impose upon an old bird, like myself, with such a* chaffy story? Why, you can't even lie^miich more commit a murder. You may have '-felt. like shooting Chetwynde; we all do mental murder at some time or other. But you never did it, otherwise, though, I'll confess that when I found youir little tool bag I did feel, for a moment, that you, were worth watching, but I think I know n&w; how the bag came where it was found; but that's another story, as they say. Ana now. i am going to turn , you out Seriously, though, Glynne, 'twas a plucky thing for you to do, especially as I happen to know that you were on the ground. And when I consider your height and muscle as compared with Hilton's agility, I incline to the belief that it was you who took that flying leap across the ravine.' 'We w511 waive that question, Mir. Cook. I see you are well informed. But tell me, why must you tell those ladies that 'I had made an attempt at high theatricals, and j failed through my lack of wit, as. I now see that I did.' ??:. ?'Then youj admit that you didn't shoot?'?; ? 'Sometimes I fwish to heaven I had? ????'' I* only lacked tte weapon:' ? ' 'Well, honestly, I couldn't resist I wanted that dainty lass to know what a brave man rvrill -do forr-ra friend, Mai'- it was a, braye thing, Crlynne, for. I Aave-jat hand jiowseiif-. cnmstantiai evidence enough against you to make.your case.ia: dose caU. should it ieyer 'have come to court '' It is'tnis,'' .and .he lays a hand npon ttee air-gun^ 'which mayj'and will, ?I i .hope, set jljpya Bjntion ;&j;»d yoittself beyond all danger er 4»u% ? VJ^npwI injusft Ijjfe off I liOok-here, GV^^Jp^ ^bx^ *^s -st the interested; you -may bfealjle to elucidate some point for us. -I want yon to ask; no questions, Jmt go, sSly in an ,npur from niow/ to Redlands. Go to see Loyd,,»nd sjick J» him iVp*» you see me or are ordered off. ? This is business on the square! I want you there' — I may need you: will you go?' 'If you put it( that Sray| Mi\ Cook. I can't refuse, of course,' 'am'Terence Glynne bows himself out with -a -very grave face. '-Sad!' mutters the, sheriff, as he. prepares the third tame to set out . 'I am going forth to fight an unknown quantity, and my suc cess, I fear, must depend upon— Aunt Cass.' (To be continued.) * ? 