THE FLYING SQUADRON. 1 It's nn awkward business, take it how you will,1 Allansforr^ was saying. I've no belief in black republics ; on the other hand, if the Stales do annex, they'll annex another big factor to that unmentionable trouble, the nigger question.' ';? ; :'?. I.had formulated a simple and decisive policy to be pursued by the United States ; ancent , Cuba, arid Allansford lias suhse quenlly pointed ov«, with.alt the delicacy of intimate : fre ncisliip, that cock-sureness: ? ??-. was the result of an unblessed; ignorance. 'But you surely own that things could not have been allowed to go as they have, ? been going in Cuba ?' I replied. ; . ??; 'I'm free to own that. 'It sounds. fair ??..? ?:.enough to heara Spaniard, say the Slates have no call to shove a hand into his pe-; : ticular fish'-lub. Bui it's not. the States as ; the States that arc-acting ; it's the Status ^ , in the.; character of the nearest civilised . : power doing police-work, iht police- work ;. you hear so much aiiout in Europe with ;- regard ' .to.1.' Turkish affairs. Given the ; : Ciiban is six of one and. the Spaniard '. half-a-dozen of the other, slill it. isn't in ; 'nature to stand by.and watch crowds of ? . ? wotrienand children die of dirt, disease, \- and famine because twp^sects of. mottled . scroundrels1 choose to.; carry on;a, linger , inp:' guerilla warfare., i The: . neutrals . suffer, but on Hhe whole the other .John-': : hies enjoy themselves.' . ;? ;- 1 V 'The Statesiin.iist' '.?'gei ?something for :;? their trouBle,'i said. -'No nation ever -r , .did -'anything: : .without a.', t/uid pro; quo--^ r;:.v';'hor;ever will;'/'1; :;-v ;/'-:. ' ??-;?: ??:??; :- ?' ..::-..'? ; ..-'?? ' :;' There: will ; be : no.' difficulty about ;;that;j American police are accustomed ; to ?collect, their own wages,' returned; :;y ? '; Allansford. ' I ... very much .hope the^ , : Statesiwill.seeltheir way to annexation, ?'.'?'::-'.-.---howeyer,- because there is only one other : ; Way put of that coil, and I've no special ' '??'?? :;desire to see the. foundation of another i' republic on. the ground-plan . of Cuba's :: .eastern neighbor.' /; ;. ? ' . ;? Allansford's piwza is the best place in' ., Yellpwtowh, for there' it is always— for .??'?' Yelldwtown— cool. ? In England the. : hour would have been the hour of after noon lea. . In Yellowtown we had just arisen^. from a late siesta. Allansford was .sitting on the threshold of the piazza, half ..on: and half off the dark polished floor, ?'..-. ' ,.pf the big darkened room. Outside the . cuff fell oooft. to.the waters of. the ra'ci, fie,- which inshore were' pale; arid blue,1 but ;away beyond the thundering 'bar they .;.' heaved westwards in .spreading patches of violet. . ? :- p Allansford was amusing himself .with a. grotesque catapult, .which may have been : a weapon used by. the* aboriginal inhabitants of those parts ; at any rate, it -looked pre-historic. -With this' .he fired at .the ttirkev-buEzard perched on the many colored roofs of the corrugated iron sheds in which the niggers lived oh the beach =;below. . ' A ?; nigger came out bare-footed Ijjto the burning sand to see what was disturbing the scavengers, and, catching. sight of. Allansford, gtinnedand retired .to his own galvanised oven again.. It .was Allansford's custom ;to tell -the tally of the huts in which the yellow fever raged, :-e,vfcning by evening,- -just when ; the thick shoulder, of the tropic night-cloud began to show, itself above the horizorv:;and. we smoked 'forlornly to be' rid:6f mosquitoes, : and argued to exhaustion for ;want; of anything on earth t.oi'do.1.'.^'-.;,--; ?'.?':.- v :^.;;., -??::? ?-.. .:?.?.?.-?.'? '??. : ' .Nowi';L'il ': tell you what's, the matter with' .Cuba;' went on Allansford ; ' it's her position. She's, not a beggar. at the' door, 'like Crete ;? she's riot like a'yojee crying somewhere biit ? in the nigh t,: and nobody's ;made. it : their business until now, to,get up and see what's'the matter.' ' ' We,' I said largely; identifying myself for. tlie moment V.with. ^^ Europe,; 'would have given -' her;- guaranteed autombny long ago.' -?''?'?'. '.'-/:??}?. '??.-? ' ???;-:'7.:: ';?'??'.-. '???'?; ?' ' -Allansford laughed- rather scornfully, I thought. ??'???'-''''.. ..': ' .-.:' ?'?':..'? ..-?'''..??' 1 Very likely, and made the usual bad job of it. .Cuba, has ! no Porfirio; Diaz, not even aJaiirez, or she would be free to-day; , As it : is,;; without a /capable leader,' Cuba would soon isink far below; the ' tlevel ; of .? the; worst of the Central American republics.'- '? . : ? .',-; - ' - ; 'Below! Why below?'- ?'.'/:' .'Because as soon as the war stopped the negro population '???: would get the upper hand, and. they'd stairt a sisterre public in Haytii with Haytian laWs and a shiny.black President. Thewhites in, Cuba don't see that, yet, nor that their one ch nee of salvation lies by way of annexation; — preferably to:Mexico. The night drew on with a cooler breez?,'and I rocked myself lazily, while the crickets, first one; then two, and Ihen a dozen, set up th'eir'drowsy whirr. 'Those Haylians, now,' I' said in. the dus^c, ??'..' they're a -bumptious crowd, I've heard.' /Why, yes ; once.a nigger finds his head .loose, he developsa burlesque am bition. Hayti once constituted' itself into an empire, but it fell to pieces from natural causes. The Republic has an imtui use public debt, more or less repu diated'; the currency is chiefly paper, and the greater part of that is forged. 1 he history, of Haytian politics would make incredible reading. Now it is not very.generaMy known, but it's a fact, that onc^|iffi|^timeythe Haytian Republic saw}.fVc'^to|;in_yiatjB^ i.a war against Russia, ' Germa1ny^Er!yi6|'li Italy, Sweden; Nor way^ 'arid?*every'?blher Power with the exception: of England, and the United States of America. -'..]„ . ! 'There were no foimalities observed, such as sending; ultimnlums or making declaiiitions of war, and no shot was fired ; consequently ihere were no reprisals. ? Indt-wl, it is doubtful whether Russia, Germany, France, nnd the others ever knew ol the perils which menaced them ; they cci'tiiinly did not do so until thai peril had come a matter of merely historical interest. Norway, in the person of iht; Spaniard who happened to he act ing :'.s Norwegian Consul at tin.- lime, mav have had an inkling of it, because of tire lios'ilo intentions openly avowed during a whole afternoon against a Nor wegian limber ship thai had come up from the Mexican Gulf. Also, the war was to be purery naval war, and was undertaken in much the same spirit that urges a young bull to battle by way of testing his new-gotten horns ; the horns in the case 'of Hayti being represented by iheir recently-acquired warship, the Foudroyani, then lying at anchor in the harbor of Port au Prince. 'The beginning of the trouble may be attributed to certain action taken by the British Government in Jamaica. They did several things which Hayti disap proved and disliked. So the Haytians said -'Stop,' but in her customary, casual way England took no manner of notice, and «y,eht on as before. This drove the Republic to the consideration of definite pleasures; It immediately 'determined to become a naval Power, and cope with England on her own element.'---1 The prime mover in the matter was General Deloncle, a large negro in cotton-print trousers and a clerical hat. He was a general in the Republican army, and brimful of ambi tion. -.. Also, he was a; logician and a Positivist. ' England,' he said to the. President, ' she great big Power — owns ' ioo ships and iooo jackiar. She! make us do what she want until we own onehunder anone ships and one-thousan-anone jaca tar {.'.'Then — ' 'In this he merely stated the Haytian' theory that the smaller number should always, on. principle, run ^way. ... '.So,' it was that the Republic set- about becom ing a first-class naval Power- with; the ultimate idea of twisting England's tail. '?'?? ' Judged by -the- standard of some of the siirroundingStates, the prospect be fore^hem opened out into, an encpurag: ing ? and ivariegated rista of triumph. Venezuela at that time possessed, so they say, butjthree gunboats; one was without a boiler, another had no pro pellor, and the third not infrequently-did duty— for .a consideration— as lighter to British shipping. ''..:)? ?'? ? ?'? ?? -r ; ; ' Ifthe Haytians.-really,; meant ' busi ness.there seemed no reason-why they should not become the sea-Power of the Caribbean and cover themselves with glory. of the most superior kind. 'Such was.tha notion which prompted themto purchase their first warship. A new;'tax was .at- once., levied;' and they raised a- handsome sum, four fifths of which went, as usual, to , the ;! State 'pffi cials, and the remaining fifth 'was used to buy; the ?nucleus of a navy. The Foudroyant, in the days before the Pre sident's wife rechristened her, had been atranip in -the' Gulf trade, taking the Progress , Vera Cruz, . and Tampico route. She was a wooden : ship, single screw, 'of about 1500 tons gross register, and a speed—on ; paper— of 10 knots, and she had originally been the Susan VVroxliauv out of Cardiff. The Haytian Government, bought her through her ?Vera Cruz agents, painted her white with a pink and pea-green streak, and a Nea politan-ice funnel— they are color-lovers in the Black Republic — clapped a cross spar on her mizzen-mast, and .after a little gold- work about her prow launched her as as a first-class cruiser of the Re public of Hayti. She carried a crew of 8o, and the only white men. were the four engineers. ' ; ' ' \- 'The step to be taken next could not be hastily decided upon ; meanwhile the Foudroyant was utilised .for ,: saluting purposes.' She was 'commanded, .like everylhing else in Hayti, by : a general. She , took part in pne review, and knock ed several yards of wharf into the harbor by loading up her big. gun with^ ball in a mistake for blank cartiidge, and, in fact, taken 'altogether,, was a source of real pride and selfgratulation to the Govern-, .merit.:. ''';'. ' ' . ?.;.-.; .' ? .? .'..'' '.^ -. 'You must understand that Haytiis above all things military. She is the military Republic, by far the most un conditionally military Republic in the world. All the State departments are presided, over by full' generals. If you go ashore at Port au -Prince and walk up the main street, a heivvy , percentage of the people you -meet will . be: generals. So it. was in the nature of things that the navy! should be commanded by a gene ral. And it. happened to. be the same man, Deloncle, who bad inaugurated the same spirited policy in connection with England. , .' .,. 'For some months he rested on his laurels, arid tasted to the full the de lightful distinction which his novel status conferred upon him. But by degrees the fickle public tired of their toy. There were changes in the Ministry, and the brand newness of the popuhr senti ment about the warship was wearing off, so that Deloncle found himself sinking into his old position of one general among many, instead of the sole arid much admired general of the navy. In fact, the, army vbegun to regain its old ascendancy over the imagination of the people, the reason probably being that there was a sameness about the tactics of the Foudroyant : she never did any thing but steam round the harbor and fire salutes, while the army held reviews into which a certain amount of novelty could be thrown in the way of manoeu vres and uniforms — especially uniforms. ' It struck ? Deloncle that the depar ture of the Foudroyant on a cruise in neighboring waters might revive the fad ing enthusiasm, the start to be celebra ted by playing of bands and firing of cannon, and his return made into a sort of triumphal entry, when his grateful country could do no less _ than, -give a banquet in hid honor backed by public illuminations, ' He caaricd this through with success, and it produced an excellent effect' for the time being. The warship made a number of comtortaMe little trips all within sight of land — quite a prolonged cruise can be made in those crowded seas without losir.g the land. But on one occasion they adventurously altered their usual procedure and steamed clear. They steamed on ami nn, taking up tedious horizons, for some three days till they did not Itnow where they were, and the navigating colonel began to be vaguely suspicious that they had sailed 1 out into uoine new and limitless ocean. At length, to everyone's relief, a cloud of land appsared in the oiling, which presently evolved itself into a little sun scorched town, sitting on a cushion of green inside the sand-rim. They put in alongside the wharf and asked what day of the month it was, and after some fur ther diplomatic questioning they dis covered the name of the country they had arrived at. It was a comfort to find it to be Jamaica. In the course of a week, their confi dence being restored, they paid a pilot to take them home again. After that 'they were regarded as local Nansens, and feted accordingly. Next, however, some ill- advised person pointed out that fruit boats ply almost daily between Hayti and Jamaica ; but then a fruit-boat isn't a w'arship, and the irrelevancy of the criticism was obvious.' * * ? * * ' Yet the effect of even this daring venture wore away, while the supremacy of the seas remained still a dream, arid Kngland went on making herself as ob noxious as ever. To add to this, Deloncle heard some very disquieting rumors. General Brutus Squadro, who happened to be his own specific rival, had gone one better in the bid for popu larity. He had undertaken to add. to the defences of the island, and, owing as ?hi put it, ' to the criminal indifference — or it might be incapacity — of the Minis try uf Marine,1 his chief design was to lay submarine mines in the harbor of Port au Prince, and' so secure the capital from the dangers of foreign invasion. ~ 'Deloncle saw at once that this was a bad business, for he knew that if ever he chanced to get into General Squadro's way, nothing could be more simple than the accidental discharge of a submarine mine, and . there would be an end of Deloncle and his battleship. At first he could think of no way of counteracting Squadro's plot. Day by day Brutus grew in. favor \yith- the, populace, who loved him. for the plans 'he.- was making, fac-similes of which he had-caused to be published in colors, so that the people might know what he was doing, and ap preciate his patriotic labors. One evening Deloncle met Squadro in the harbor extension works. * ??'.' ' I give you a good evening, Gene ral,' said Deloncle. . . ' I give you .a most good evening, General,' returned Squadro, with even more dignity. 'When the miries^ are finished, we'- shall sleep safe .at 'Pprf.au Prince..1. ,: .: ...... ? ''But there is no war,' said Deloncle, sarcastically. ' . ' 'There may be next week' or next month,' explained Squadro.' , ^ 'They looked each other xup and down, and Deloncle, who was 6ft. ssin., felt the courage swell iii his1 heart. Squadro had given him just the hint he needed. - 'That night he sent off an invitation to the President, asking him to dine on board the navy on the following evening. After.the dinner was over, he took the President away into the after- cabin, and put in an urgent demand lor active service. ' ' We hab navy,' he said indignantly, '! and she stay at 'orae 1 What de use pb stay-at-'ome navy?' 'The Haytians lallt French of a son, you know, and run their words into one another as negro races seem apt to do whatever tongue they adopt; I'm giving you a free translation. ' The President admitted that it was unfitting for a go-ahead State like theirs, which possessed so good a navy, to keep it chained up. ''England — - she' darn-proud ! We teach her a lesson 1' went on Deloncle. But the President shied at the idea of fighting England, and reminded Deloncle of the Bulldog. .':'.?.. . 1 Some time previously an English man-of-war had visited Hayti about an indemnity, and left a considerable im pression behind. ??''.,. ? -/ ' Oah, yes, I remember de Bulldog,1 and de ijacktars. wid de hairy breasts. Oah, ? yes, . I; remember, and de . debbil of a captain I De little- man ,v\hp get eberyting he ' want I But we will not yet attack de mercantile of England or de States.' ' Upon this the President asked what General Deloncle wished him to do. ' 'We will make war on 'all de oder nations, sah ! Deloncle answered with out any'hesitation. 'He knew exactly what he wanted. It was a comprehensive scheme, and the possible fame touched the vanity of the President, and' 'made him warm to the idea, though some lingering doubt, in duced by the recollection of the Bulldog, that war is a game at which more than one can play, still troubled him. But Deloncle was prepared to overwhelm all objections. ' ' Dis ship is de Flying- Squadron of de Republic of Hayti ! You gib me sealed orders,' he. answered confidently. ' It is always sealed orders in de navies. I fulfil dein, and afterwards I return !' 'The President being yet inclined to demur, Deloncle went into details. ' ' You write, ' Destroy dis,' or ' Sink dai,' and it is done ! We are ready to fight anyt'ng in. dis fine big steamer I Dis is de way. We sight de enemy, we fire across her bows — she lay to, haul down her flag, and I go aboard ! Den we bring back prizes, and we will add dem to our Navy List. Come- on-deck, sah I' ' The President was then given a fur ther insight into Deloncle's designs ; but he had not much to gain personally by the affair, and his, office to lose if it turned out badly, therefore he suggested that he should take the opinion of the Ministry before decided action. ''Oah, but most assuredly it is a t'ing for the sum-total of the Ministers to consult upon,' agreed the other, who had no notion of hiding his light under a bushel. ' But dat can be done ver' soon. And den de world will hear ob de Flying- Squadron of General Deloncle !' ' For many days Deloncle paraded the streets of Port au Prince, carrying the ?air of a man overloaded with an im portant mission. The Haytians, like all other niggers, are as full of curiosity as monkeys, and his movements were watched with immense interest. And when the proposal was laid before the Ministry in all its splendor, with the catchwords of 'Flying Squadron' and 'sealed oiders' to inflame the national vain- gloriousness with the illusion of dabbling in affairs usually considered to be within the prerogative of .the Great Powers only, it was unanimously con ceded that the general of the navy had earned his keep. The President's speech was set forth in placards on the following day. His views on the reasons for armaments were natural, because he was an undiluted savage. A savage raises a fighting power for the purpose of making war, a civilised people in order to main tain peace. He alluded to the example of big, fat, commercial England, which he compared to a hive of bees, making the honey, which is gold. Her warships, her cruisers, and her gunboats were hornets sent forth to prevent other people's honey-making. The present expedition, and the little war he advo caied against Russia, Germany, France, Italy, Sweden, Norway, and other second-rate nations was, so to speak, the thin end of the wedge. Hayti would increase and prosper, and by and bye there would be a colored England in the Caribbean ! As he ended, the black men around him, drunk with dreams of plunder and unlimited wealth, applauded to the echo. , ? ' In the meantime Deloncle sat in his cabin on board the Foudroyant, and awaited the coming, of the sealed orders, playing European card-games to pass the time with the major of the watch. When the orders actually came it was necessary to send for the chief engineer, because he could read. He was a thin nish, hard-set man hailing from West ward Ho, and he had no respect at all for his employers. When he came aft the ' sealed orders' were no longer sealed, but lying open on the table under the awning of the after-deck. The chief picked them up and began to read with wonder breaking out upon his face. Presently he said — ? '' So it's to be war — sanguinary war all round, and we're to do the fighting.' 1 Deloncle said that he was exactly right. ' 'But this document should not have been opened until we were out of sight of land,' said the chief. ' That's said expressly.' ' ' Yes, but de enemy has already come,' explained Deloncle, indicating a small steamer lying in the roads. ' She was -flying the Norwegian flag and her pilot flag, but orders had been-, issued that no pilot was to go out to-he'r? and her skipper was afraid to bring-her. in himself, not being regular orT^thaf route. '??'';?? ?i'-'-V^v-: 1 'She is there,' said Deloricle. 'We will make our first battle in' de sight ob all!'' 1 The chief asked if they were to start next morning, hoping that 'perhaps saner counsels might by that time prevail. But Deloncle had the war-fever badly. ''We must be out -ob de harbor before morning,' he replied. ' De orders, dey say, 'Sail at once.' You will remember dat dis is de Flying Squadron ob Hayti ! We must be ready to bombard de enemy at dawn I' ? 'By the time the fourth-engineer had his harbor-watch set, the chief returned to the alley-way cabin with the extra ordinary news. ''Are we going round the world and back like the Libertad of the Mexicans ?, inquired the second-engineer, grinning. 1 'Bigger thing than that, my son,' .said the chief — manners were easy on the Foudroyant. ' This condemned old tramp is the Flying Squadron of Hayti, and we're going to offer battle to most of the navies ol the world ! That's our lay. The sealed . orders say, ' Sinkez vous ! Arrestezvous everylhing you sight-o.' It's rank suicide, that's what it is.'- ? ? '.??' ? ' ' ' ??-,' ' But the engine-room staff refused to be dispirited, and rejoiced as 'one man at the chance of the fun, more especially as they very well knew the Foudroyant was not fit to fight a Dutch burnboat! The second engineer offered' some sug gestion of this kind. ' ' Your're right,' said the chief, ' right as you can be. We've two obso lete nine- pounders and that big German blunderbuss on deck. A row-boat with a governess and a child in it could take us, yet here we are prancing out to destruction to please a charcoal-skinned six-foot idiot. It makes me sick !' ' ' What are we likely to fall in with ?' answered the second gleefully. ' West India Pacific boat coming back through the Yucatan Channel?' ' ' Barred ! . She'd sail under the Union Jack. Oh, no, we've fixed our prize I 'She's that Norwegian timber tran,p that's been signalling for a pilot the whole afternoon.'' 'By eleven o'clock the Foudroyant's engine bell rang, and the single screw began to revolve slowly. The 'Flying squadron had started on her mission of blood. V. ',Deloncle, standing on the bridge, felt himself an embryo Nelson. The water ways of the world lay belore. him, and the German- made gun aboard twinkled black and wet without its tarpaulin under the heavy dews, ready for action and loaded, with everything available. A mile away the starboard light of the Nor wegian glimmered green through the darkness. Silence lay on the black sea. Deloncle would have preferred daylight and acclamation, but he dwelt on the sensation the battle would cause in the morning among the on-lookers ashore, and the welcome that would be given to him when he towed his shattered prize into the harbor, and was comforted. ' In the pride of his heart he had de term.ned upon making the ship's officers fetch the Foudroyant out of port without the. aid usually lent by the local pilots. For this cause the Flying Squadron per formed many strange antics underneath the stars, but the providence of the drunkard and the fool befriended her, for after an hour or so of shouting she screamed into the outer night with no worse damage than knocking her bow sprit into splinters. ' Naturally, she . showed no lights. Deloncle understood 'that under such circumstances line-of-battle ships never did show lights. War had already broken out at Hayti, for the Foudroyant was going to sou the dawn with gun powder. Deloncle proposed to lie with banked fires near his prey, and com mence hostilities with the first light. , ' Now about a fortnight or so before this a Liverpool shipping firm had sent out a cargo-boat called the Panama to do commerce among the islands. Shortly after midnight the second mate on the bridge of the Panama had picksd up the Port au Prince lights, and the look-out had chanted the usual 'All's well,' after the quarter-master had struck eight bells. Of course the Panama hadn't the ghost of a notion that the Flying Squadron of Ha-ti was out on the war- trail, any more than the crowd on board the Foudroyant gave a thought to any incoming steamers they might get foul of owing to their strategical abandonment of lights. Under any circumstances, I understood, the Foudroyant always showed- a fine disre gard for the rule of the road. If she met a ship she simply steered straight ahead till the other vessel was forced to get out of her way. This course was not altogether prompted by pride, but partly by necessity, for the Haytians are not good at nautical manoeuvres. 1 In the thick blacknesss of the night tne wuibinp sun wiruugii me water, uut as she turned to make her westing the stem of the big cargo-boat caught her abaft the main mast. The Foudroyant leaped, shuddered, and ceased to move. Deloncle, on the bridge, Eaw the big gun break loose under the shock, and charge back with a rattle, followed by the crash of woodwork. ,. Then a harsh voice roared in a choke of rage from the Panama, asking who they were. ~ . -.. ; . ,('The chief, knowing whatJiad ^hap- pened, got on deck as soon as he could. He found Deloricle calling on nhe Panama to surrender. : ? : ' 'On seeing the chief, he clasped him in his arms. ' 'Oah 1 it is glorious ! It is magnifi cent ! We 'ave rammed her !' he yelled ^ecstasy. ;-0v':/rhe.fchief shook himself clear. ';.'!V?vS6iinebodyy..Ta'mmed us, you hoot ing bradawl!1 Get out the boats, or we'll see more glory than we bargained for in two shakes ! The collision's wrecked my engines; the sea's coming in like a sluica !' _ 'Then he addressed himself lo the mate on the Panama, who rudely inti mated that he, the chief, must be drunk, or he'd have his lights showing, till the chief asketl him to keep his blackguard ing till later, as the Foudroyant was settling down by the stern. Then a grull' order was given to lower away and save as many as possible, 'The Liverpool lifeboats had a'busy I ten minutes of it. Luckily,' the night 1 was calm, and a fair proportion of the I Foudroyant's crew were hauled aboard, I when they heard a sound ;iike a gulp in I some' monstrous throat. ;It was the I Flying Squadron of Hayti1 taking her I final flutter to the sea bottom. ? I 'The next dawn, that was, to have I heralded in the era of conquest' and I world-wide dominion, broke over a, I peaceful sea and a group of wet and saddened negroes, the survivors of the wreck. It broke also upon a large black man in cotton pririt-trousers but lacking the clerical hat, who was trying, with the help of the chief engineer, to make the position clear to the impatient skipper of the Panama. ''So you were the Haytain Flying Squadron, were you ?' he said at last. ' Well, I'm sorry I tumbled on to you and spoilt the fun. But I'll have to dock the Panama if I can get her as far as Jamaica, and I expect my people will send you in the bill, commodore. Shall - I put you ashore?' 1 Deluncle accepted the offer, and has tened to tell his own version of the incident to the Government, who de cided to seize the Panama as soon as she was '. warped into port ; but the skipper was wide a'waks, and. steamed away from Port au Prince without enter ing the harbor, though before the year was over the Liverpool owners made a heavy demand'upon the Republic. 'The Norwegian went into port that day, and heard for the first time of the danger that had threatened her.' ' How did the. tale come to you ? Did it happen while you were at Hayti ?' I asked of Allansford. ' Long before that. It was the chief engineer who told me. I found him in. a berth later on on one of the Atlas boats. As I was saying, the Liverpool people sent in their bill, and, moreover, saw that it was paid. But as for. the col lison, you ? may call it chance or bad luck, or whatever you like; but the fact remains that no known power will ever- persuade the Haytians that the Panama was not acting under direct orders from the Cabinet of St. James's, who, hearing of the ambitions entertained by the Republic over-seas, sent out the Liverpool boat to commit a dastardly outrage !' — E. and H. Heron, in the Cornhill Magazine. 