GLEANED OUT A CIRCUS- Mnjfr Urnry A. Newman broke into iiiioili.T of hiH chiirHf.'teriBtic stone? the last tim.' he was iti town, sayfe the " fit. LouiB )>V|.ii!,iir." This is the way lie told it, and thi'iv • i' ]'i' , ; nl iiiijf a dozen to vouch for its liuUiInlix th. " Awiij-back in '58 or '59 there lived nn ohl ffllow by the name of Sunipter, who. was a neighbour of mine. He had been in the Creek war under <?en. .liii'kHoi, nnrl one of his n-hnirw had been UiiI'.mI in Ilir massacre nt Kni t Minims. lie Jib'I a jiicat and undying hatred nf Indians, iiii'l v<as very biltcr in his denunr-i.iMon of l.hi'iii ill. ;ill iiiiir*.. Jtf \vai, tall, iron fji'i-y, RUM tubs, IV,'11 il.'llf i-iri.ii\i Ulfliel Uin.lMltl^L., ii for his «gi\ iiii'l He IlKitlr iiih'Io ri mcie living at this wiiipnlion. J gave the oM man ilic ntlc of • (icncial ' of which he was vi ry |.i-u-t. " l'i:inl; feirine, ft npi^hb'-ur of mine,who linn Mine diwl, Hnd myself, opcni'd «ur liiuits and huntlh and utirceii to ' lake 11 in Uiincraf ' to a circus at my town, Huntsnllc, Mo. We purchased I he tickets anil cm him some uihl change to buy lemonade. Tlio ' General/ Finnk and my'M'lf took a lower scat. Now. the eircun had a detachment ot about twenty Indians, who cmnc in with war paint and feathers and daneed tin: given corn, vile ghost dancc, and oilier Indian pel* formances, and then perfunned a scalping scene. " It was very realistic. A white woman rode into tho ring with an Indian hoMiug a tomahawk and scalping knife in clo^e pursuit. Jtound and round the ring lliey Hew, the Indian gaining on the whita niiiHen whose black hair hung in glossy Haves iloivn her bark. .She acted Tier part well, anil was apparently much frightened. "The Indian grabber! tho woman .inil dragged her from the. horse, threw her liot.n, and scalped her. He held up. the wi^, iiii dripping with bloort—Venetian red A I In lil of horror penetrated the audience, tteneiiil Sumptcr's blood was up, and, befoie Fnuil; and myself could restrain him. rushed into the ring and with his hickory stirk felled thu Indian to the ground. Tlie remaining Imlinnh closed around the 'General,' but his 'dander' was up. " The Indians commenced falling asleep under his repeated blows as f;ist. as tTiey did at the 'Horse Shoe.' Frank and myself rushed into the ring to bring the ' General ' out. The crowd was yelling with delight, thinking it part of the show. Above the yells of the combatants could be heard the louil laugh of Forked Eyed Adams, a well-known character from the Chariton divide, who could laugh so loud that it was said it kilM the mosquitoes on the Chariton river a mile off. " As Frank grabbed the ' General' a big burly showman knocked him down. The rid clown made at me. 1 was an athlete in those days. I lodged him and gave him a righthander on tlie nose and sent liim out of the ring. At that moment an Itnlinn struck me over the head with a stnlicl war elub and sent me to t.he sawdust. The • Ot neral ' sent him on top of me with a club that wm not BtniTi-il. Several of our friends nislied in to help us, but the darned fool crowd yet be.licwii it i«iitoftlicshow,and \vereonj"\irg it hugelv. Forked IJ.vod Adam's langli'was heard above the war cries of the Indians, anil the old ' General ' was yelling a' the top of his voice, * Hurrah fur Gen. Jackson wid Davy Crockett.' " 1 finally got hold of the clown, and Frank gmlibci! thc(..cnt-nil,:ind matters were adjusted without actual murder being committed. Frunk carried away a black eye and 1 had h knot as big as a hanging bird's nest over my right ear. The next year wc dcelincd to take the ' General ' to the circus." 