A. Scottish (Jhost *iunt. Evkk siuco thoaatumcr of lS'Ji, wlu-u the London "Times" publmli-d iv long article entitled " On tbo Trail of a Ghost," widespread and keen interest has been taken in Balluchin House, which lies a few miles nbovo Dunkold, Scotland. LJp till that time, a London correspondent writes, in order that the letting of this beautifully-situated house might not unnecessarily bo inter fered willi, its name had never been published. The "Times" correspon dent criticised severely the way in which tho Marquis of Bute had carried on investigations into the alleged phe nomena nb Ballechin, suggested lhat the ghost legends had their origin in (he frolics of immodiately-previous tenants, that the ghost, in a word, and tho strange noises, "if there really aro any noises not referable to ordinary domestic causes, it is not improbable that tbese practical jokers mado a confidant of some one about tho estate who amused himself occasionally—it is only occasionally that tho more ro markable noises nrosaid to be heard— repeating tricks." As be intimated at tho tima was his intontion, the Marquis of Bute preferred to reservo his reply to this anonymous correspondent until such time as he could prepare for tbo press full details of bis associai ion with Balle chin House. What annoyed him most was that, despite an uuderstandins to the contrary, "the nauio of the houeo was brought into prominence. At the preaeDt moment the proofs of the long anticipated reply are being corrected for the press, and Mr Red way has given mo the opportunity to glance ot tho advance sheets of a considerable portion of the work. The volume will be entitled "The alleged haunting of 6— House, and will include a journal kept during tho tenancy of Ool. Lemesurier Taylor The title-page will bear tho names, as editors, of Miss A. Goodrich Freer ("Miss X.") and John, Marquis of Bute. It will be seen even now when the name of the house is matter of common knowledge the editors pre fer to indicate it by an initial loiter only. The first S4 pag-aaro occupied by a more or less exhaustive review of the whole circumstances relating to the alleged haunting of Ballecbin; while the second portion of the work printed for the most part in smaller type, with occasional explanatory notes, consists of a day-to-day diary kept during the now famous tenancy of Colonel Taylor. Throughout the editors, savo when making actual quotation*, write impersoually. initially it is stated that Lord Jiute first heard of tho matter in the autumn of 1695 at Falkland, in Fifeshire, and not, as &tated; by the "Times" correspondent, at or from London. Excerp's from Lord Bute's diary appear, which indicate that a certain Father H gave him a loDg account, on tbe afternoon of Sunday August 7, on tho psychical disturbances at Ballechin. Detailed particulars, furnished in part by Father H himself, are given which show at anyratu that tho ghoBt stories were in existence long before 1895\. Father H- concludes an account of nine nights he spent at Ballechin in the summer of 1S92 by saying:—"One of the oddest things in my case, in connection with the bouse, is that thoro appeared to me somehow that (1) somebody was relieved by my departure ; (2) that nothing could in duco me to pass another night there, at all events alone, and in other respites 1 do not think I am a coward." A further communication from the fame gentleman carries the record of alleged phenouieua much further back. After bis own experience near Dunkeld Fn'her H encountered a lady, who told him Iba*. many years before she herself had left Ballechiu becausc " so many people cemplained of queer noises in the house that I got alarmed.'' Subsequent inquiry is said to have 6hown that this lady's residence at BaMechin was between 1S7S-S0. Tho editors refuse to make usp, they say, of the information given by the S—family to various persons, as, although it would bo of considerable intoreet, they being the earliest witnesses in chronological sequence, the editors "are unwilling to quote it freely without permission." So scrupulous are tho compilers, indeed, that the various capital letters resorted to in order to indicate partic ular persons and places will result in the complete bewilderment of the reader unless his interest in the subject conduces to more than ordinarily keen attention. The history of the S family is traced downward from the middle of the fifteenth century; and in the latter part of this history allusion is made to the attested apparitions of a favonrite spaniel, and of at least one other dog, which appeared after "Major S.V' death, ho having intimated his intention of entering the body of a dog. A full account it given of the circum stances in which Lord Bote offered to, and did, defray the expense of tenancy —the Edinburgh agents of the owners expressing no objection to full investi gation of the alleged ghostly phenomena on condition only that this should not be made a subject of complaint—if Oolonel Taylor would take the house in his own name. It appears that had it not been for family engagements Oolonel Taylor himself, who is an active member of the society of Psychical Research, would have presided over the Ballechin inquiry. As it was, at the suggestion'of Lotd Bate and Mr Myers, Miss Freer, " at considerable personal inconvenience consented to return (from abroad), and on December 2G (lS9a) she wrote again to Lord Bote, oftcring to reach Ballechin on February This lady it was who suggested ihe keeping of a diary,•' in which everyone willing to do so should make entries, negarive or affirmative." There can be no question that the terihcomiug volume, in which the objections raised by the 41 Times" correspondent are dealt with more or less seriatim, will provoke mach comment, particularly in Scotland. Not the least interesting section is (be appendix, whose ecopc may be indicated by the following excerpt:—To this appendix "have been consigned together all the communications obtaiord at B—by means of automatic writing, or by the use of the machine known as Ouija. To the psychological student this appendix will be found very useful warning as to the nature of communications of tbisclass. In some cases, however, where such communica tions call for real attention, remarks upon them will b* found in the body of the narrative." 