Tiie Greenbushes Tinfields. ABOUT LOTS OF THINGS. ,THE PROGRESS OF TIN MINING: (BY PAUL.) Since my last epistle. to the Ephe sians tiie Greenbushes Tinfields have made rapid strides in development, discovery, expansion, and population. Some 700 or 800 people are now scat- tered over an area of'five square miles. The probability is that tiie number will be doubled in a few months. The wonder is that tiie fields have been idle and unproductive, so long. Yet, when the recent low price of tin is considered, in connection with tiie fact that the prevailing depression has compelled people to search for new avenues of wealth and industry, the problem becomes less difficult of solu- tion. If gold occurred in the drifts in the same ratio of distribution as tin, we should witness a record rush, even for Westralia. Of course we are afflicted with an influx of alleged "tin-experts," dead beats, ' slug-travellers, and representa- tives of the cuffand-eellàr brigade, every one of whom "knows* all about it, doncherknow, old fellah?" Even with this enormous handicap, develop- ment, discovery and expansion are travelling together with rapid gait, until at tiie present moment one is justified in expressing the opinion,that the S.W. has "strucka streak of pay ore " that is not likely to peter out for ] very many years., Greenbushes will certainly prove a far more valuable asset than the much^belauded timber companies. For one tiling, the profits of tin-inining will abide with us, while jthere will be no opportunity to emu- late the contemptible truck system of the timber companies, which sweat their employees almost to the verge of destitution. | The local expenditure of some of these companies is as riotous and ex- travagant as that of a Westralian dude who strikes London for tiie first tim« in his emasculated caraar. The manager of one foreign undertaking in the'S.W., owning five square miles of partially-depleted country, is expend- ing ¿£1,000 on tiie erection of gorgeous buildings for stabling his horses. On dit, that the stables will be provided with marble mangers, and that the horses will be hosed daily with eau-de cologne, and their teeth brushed with Roger and Gallett's patè-dentifrice. The company near Greenbushes, on the contrary, is run on sound com- mercial principles. * The employees are treated humanely. Also, tibe miners at Greenbushes are able to purchase their timber supplies for less than they can fell and split it ,pn their own claims. Which reminds me that John For- rest is ever boasting of the colony's ¿800,000 worth of machinery and stores, rusting and rotting at Fre- mantle, though he never condescends to turn up the opposite page of the ledger for -omi: perusal. It is known by those in the inner circle of bounders that stores and plant are occasionally disposed of for from 50 to 75 per cent, below hihded cost. One company down this way recently purchased à locomotive and fixings for £800 cash, and trucks and rails were thrown in at a similarly ruinous reduction, as that particular loco, was worth £2,500. It will be necessary when wie divinely-in- spired John upends himself next Ses- sion to lie atrociously about the national assets, to discount his state- ments by the usual 75 per cent. But' to our muttons. As I have stated, the recent influx to Green- bushes has been rapidly succeeded by tiie expansion of the stanniferous area. Numerous important discoveries have been lately located. The most valu- able, doubtless, is that made by Harry McHaie, a native of the óuld sod. McHale pegged a small area below Elliott's, on tiie Bunbury end, and in a- few days he had opened up a splen- did show, yielding from 21bs to lOlbs to the dish. He has about £1,000 worth of tin at grass, and a great ex- tent of valuable dirt üu.sight. He has been unsuccessfully tempted with baits of £500, £800, £L0GD, and £1,600 in cash, but the party refuse to deal on onything but a substantial cash and paid-up-share basis. Immediately adjoining McHale's is a 12-acre block held by the Greenbushes Miners Limited, in which the drifts have been proved to a depth of 12ft. by a width of 120ft., with plenty room for further discoveries. None of the prospects from this show has produced less than lib. to the dkh, while freqwMtiy 21bs. and 31bs. are obtained. The manager (R. A Rusha, a Coolgardie identity) anticipates shortly picking up the con- tinuation of McHale's run at a depth of about 30ft., in which event the.pro perty will rank on equal terms with * those in the first flight. Martin and party are also on rich drift, while Harry P. Woodward has pegged 80 acres "contiguous like." He is search- ing for tiie stock werk that shed tiie alluvial tin in the neighborhood. Elliott, an old-timer of the field, is burrowing in a very pronounced pre- historic river-deposit 60ft. below the present surface. This run is entirely different to that in which McHale (" he wid de hair on hi« teeth ") and the Greenbushes Miners are delving, with such evidences of potential wealth. Considerable qnantities of dirt are being raised from Bunbury Gully, where the drifts are occasionally 8ft. in depth by 50ft. in width, and unanimously yield from Jib. to lib. of tin to the dish. The dandy show in Spring Gully is the Creek claim of Tom Sinclair, who was on the Ovens in '56, and has since rince raced up and- down the world in search of the precious metal. This property has been sold to a Hinglish buyer for £2,750 cash. The element of speculation does not enter into the deal, for there is sufficient dirt at grass to pay the cost twice over. Kelleher, May, Talbot, Bickford, Denbigh, and Evans, and ithers o' that ilk are all raising good wash-dirt. It would be possible for some of the lessees there- abouts to adopt more workmanlike methods; of production. They must, notwithstanding, be substantially re- warded 'at their first clean up. Another important centre is Dump- ling Gully; rendered famous locally by the magnificent face of dirt exposed in Tom Horan's claim, and Eddy and Hillyer are located close thereto, while close by Horan's are 33 acres of valu- able country in process of successful exploitation by the Greenbushes Tin Fields Limited, a Perth corporation. ¡ In the latter claim three shafts have ' been sunk to depths varying from 20ft. to 50ft. in depth, in the whole of whioh payable drifts occur, The dirt in the 50ft. shaft is 6ft. in depth, by 120ft. in width. The run here has been proved to carry heavy tin for nearly 400ft in length. The manager informs me that his first sampling yielded 8oz. per dish. As the work- ings were pushed northward the yield increased to lib., .then to 21bs. per dish. At present there is every pros- pect ©f still further improvement. The ore is now getting richer in tin-con tents,-while the deposit is also in- creasing in depth. Some "250 tons of conglomerate at grass are estimated to equal in value ore producing 2ozs. of gold per ton. l^ast week the manager successfully jumped the adjoining 5 x 3 block, on the ground of non-com- pliance with the labor conditions. This particular area also carries heavy de- posits of tin, so that it adds materially to the value of the company's property. Twenty men are on the pay- sheets, and as larga quantities of dirt are being regularly raised the company would seem to possess all the essentials of financial success. Dr. Taffe's Syndicate controls a large extent of country in and aronnd Dumpling and New Zealand Gullies. Very little work has so far been ac- complished, though it is highly pro- bable a large number of men will be employed inside three months. The syndicate intend forcing water from the Blackwood River, six miles away, a vertical height of 800ft., and thence to hydraulic the adjacent deposits. It is inevitable therefore that consider- able delay must ensue ere the neces sary machinery can be placed on tiie ground. Though strongly opposed to a foreign company being allowed to lock up 500 acres of land, still 1 think that if the grant is unassailable it is only reasonable that sufficient time should be allowed to get the pumps and pipes manufactured. Judging from the inane utterances of the non-representative section of the Progress Committe, one would con- clude that the requisite plant could be supplied, by any Perth firm of iron- mongers at a days' notice. The com- pany threatens to sell water to miners for sluicing purposes. This, however, I consider a gratuitous bluff. The promoters well know that it will pay them better to hydraulic the drifts on their own properties in preference to vending water to outsiders for a simi- lar purpose. A good deal of foreign capital is re- presented here. Leases have been pegged up hill and down dale, chiefly that the peggers may locate the lodes or Stockwerks whence the alluvial drifts-without any convincing evi- dence to support the assertion are alleged to have been derived. Speci mens of tin-bearing matrices are occa- sionally shown over Mort's bar, many of them thickly studded with ore. There is a certain amount of " travel- ling on the slug." It is an education in geology, and all the other ologies to boot, to listen to certain members of the Frayed Cuff and Slug-travelling Brigade learnedly explaining .»why Nature*has done such-and such a tiling and why she should locate a stoekwerk (colloquially "stock worth ") within the confines of their own particular four pegs. » W« are threatened with an invasion of pumping and winding machinery owned by a Kalgoorlie gold mining company seeking a new field for its unexpended capital. A twenty-acre lease near the court house has been located on its behalf. A local com- pany squandered £10,000 or £12,000,. or thereabouts, a few years since in sinking and timbering several splendid shafts, and then incontinently retired without opening up a single benedic- tion at the first stage of possible suc- cess. Exhaustion of capital and the abnormally low price of fin compelled it to give up the ghost. The Kalgoor lie company will now reap the reward of the operations of the defunct cor- poration. ' Registrar Walters dispenses extend- ed claims and mining licenses at the sanctuary of justice, assisted by Jeph- son, late of Kalgoorlie, and Walters is deservedly popular, and succeeds in engendering an odor of satisfaction from all with whom he comes in official contact. We should like to see'him oftener. It is impossible for him to cope with the increasing business of the field on his weekly visit from Bridgetown.* » There was much gnashing of teeth over the allocation of residence areas pegged between Mort's hotel and the post office. ' At the last moment, a gang, under the «gis of a cit}r man, jumped areas right and left on the ground that they were not bona-fide occupied. Registrar Walters, in com- pany with a look of angelic_resigna tion, devoted several days to unravel- ling the tangled skein, and was grati- fied when it was all over.' So were the successful applicants. -Some of these allotments are worth up to £100. Indeed they are more valuable ,than the blocks sold last week up to £153 at the Government town-site, near the railway station. ' Three-- hotel licenses have been granted by the Licensing Bench, att which there is much rejoicing by the) whiskey-slingers. The present hos- * telry (said to have been sold lock, stock, and barrel, for £2,500) is utter- ly inadequate to cope with the thirsty i requirements of the community. The . reigning boniface hardly worries him- self to please his clientele. His troubles ! The Swan Brewery has a leading interest in the new hotel going up near tiie post office. One word in conclusion. The field is unquestionably O.K., and will un- doubtedly turn out large quantities of tin within the next six or eight months. To intending investors I would say, Be chary how you specu- late. Avoid the horde of cormorants " travelling on the slug," else at the washing up there will be weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth. The field presents innumerable opportuni- ties for perfectly safe investment. Se- lect your ground and your managers with care, and you will have no reasqn to regret your speculation. Don't sub- mit to the repetition or assist in the perpetration of the infamies and atro- cities of certain goldfields swindlecates, the victims of which still cry aloud in vain to heaven for redress and retribu- tion. Honest, intelligent manipula- tion will soon convince you that the intrinsic wealdi of the linfields is so great that judicious exploitation of the deposits must result in substantial benefit to the colony. Greenbushes, June 30. . 