OKIGINAL NOVEL. [All Eiqets Rbskbvsd.] Marian Gonisby. Bj E. DOIDGB, Author of ' Father and Son,' ? The Daughters ! of Eve,' ' Mystery of Merveilliou,' &i; ! BOOK II. I CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) , - Now oome, tantalising boy, what is itP' ' Cannot you guess; Lilian f' ' S metbing about Marian, of course.' ' Of course ; two letters by tbe mail this morning took me an hour to read them, and a pretty bad fright I got. Ton know after that Thames episode Marian was hopeful that the governor's obstinate objeotion to our marriage was dying ont. but he took a fndden and terrible turn, became more bitter than evei, and vcwed vengi ance . . Now, on top of all this, the old gentleman— Heaven forgive him muohfor it- suddenly decided to return to Australia ! What do you say to that f ' ' That is indeed good news, George. I congratulate you with all my heart.' ' .Especially as they must be now aotually on their way. Where would tb-y be a fort night after leaving England, Lil?' ? I cannot exaotly ray, bat somewhere in the Mediterranean 1 suppose.' ' YeB, 1 expect so I shell look it up. Just imagine, we shall have Marian -with ns, nil being well, in a month or so. It's juet splendid ' George turned to eo to his room, but paneed tn hold up to Lilian's ejea a few lines of Marian's latter, which he asked her to read : — ? ? You have waited for me, dear George, these three long years, and I am coming to yon. Portionless it may be— only my own poor pelf — but all your own.' . That is very pretty— worthy of dear Marie. How glad we shall all be to aee her back.' .'Yes, everybody; but one in partioular, you bee ' ; and George ran up the stairs* two step; at a time. Not for a long time bad his heart been so light. And that way lies the young man's hope of happiness. Such years of patient waiting are never wasted. In after life, mid many , trials of love and patienoe, of fidelity and temper, the years wheu the heart ached and yearned for life's mateoome back with their records of oft-repeated tows, of affection, of tenderness, and of ideals realised or awaiting realization. 'j George's buoyanoy of spirits at the e«-«u- msc meal wai so apparent that, had tie ream won the intercolonial football ma^Oh, he could not have been in greater fettle. It was apparent to every member of the family that the box and J im of the Whidden family was in receipt of (rood tidings « What is it, George f said Lady Whid den. ' ; 'Marian will be with us, all being well, inside of five weeks.' ? Thai is news, indeed.' ' But does it mean that vorar way will be any clearer ?' asktd Sir Doug-las. ? ? 1 have every reason to believe it will be,' replied George. ?Then I have every reason to believe that yon will marry a 'penniless girl, unless the old man GonUiby has either readied his dutage or-dies'suddenly.' It was one of. thoBG fandom shots whioh are sometimes epokeu lightly yet fit marvel lously into' the realities ; for, as, the. reader knows, Joseph Gonisby was dying at the .time. '? ; ? ?..-.? . ? .'?,..- . ' I'm not troubled about one or other /of the possibilities,1 was George's ready response. He wiis -not inine mood to look upon any but the -brightest «ae df {he 'picture ;' and, as b now appirently relenting fate willed it, ho was not to be' dSs&jipbfsteu.; '~ ? ?' '? \ \ CHATTER XI. SuKSHnrs akd Bain. January days passed into February, and the boat was due in which Mr- Grohisby and Mite Gynisby had ' booted passages for Melbcnrne. How many hearts reach oat with keen anticipations and bright hopes on coming to a new land — some to be more than realised; others, and they form the major ity,- to be more than disappointed. Of all the paseengers who on that bright February morning steamed up to the Sandridge Pier, there were few more moved by emotion than Marian Gonisby. Bat they were conflicting emotions which swayed her. Glad was she beyond words to find herself once again nearing the city where her heart's affections lay — sad to remember that it was as an orphan, absolutely alone in tbe world. Ere sup arose that happy morning, she guessed they had entered the heads, per ceiving that the ship no longer answered to the ocean swell; and when she came on deck before breakfast, there to the left shone QueeDBclifl — always prepossessing, always picturesque ; and as one familiar view after another oatne into Fight, her spirits rose and a, soft color came into her oheeks, whioh had gLown more thin and pale than were their wont. But of all sights pleasing to the eye and to the heart, there was one she dwelt upon not yet come— the sight of the one man in the world whose memory had been ever present, rand upon whose strength and fidelity the had leaned, as upon a cook Whose foundation was sure. ' ' ' Miss Gonisby, you are coming down to breakfast tor the last time— are jos not P' It wan Miss Leslie who spake, as aha eame from amongst the paseengers, who were intent on spying upon the new land. 'BeaUy, I had hardly ihonghr of it-I doubt if I can eat ; bat I will manage a oop of coffee, I daresay.' ? What a delightful bay— if it is a bay it is more like an inland ooean ; it is so large.. Why did you never tell ae tow magnifioent it was ?' \- We seldom talk about Port Phillip : all tbe admiration seems to go to its great rival —Port Jaokson. If we have not the hun dred inlets which adorn Sydney's port, yet here we at least have scope and ampli room to sail our pleasure boats ; sod aro«nd the bay there are many pleasure places — yonder tor instance, lies Mordiallio, where I have joined in very pleasant pionios. Some day, Miss Leslie, I hope we shall have the pleasure of seeing some of these show places in company.' A wish which Marian's companion gladly shared. Then they betook themselves onoe more to the breakfast table, where, however, Marian sat for only a few minutes. She was really too exoited to more than make a pre tence of eating. Soon she was on deok again, looking anxiously to the binding point, wondering would he be there. Yes, George was there with ejes but for one individual in the world, wondering could ;it indeed be possible that the hoar bad come when he should meet again the woman he loved, never (as he hoped) to be parted more. And how would she seem P What change had the years made P How should he meet her? Would she forgive him the warmth of the embraoe that his arms were longing to perform? Would the severest of fathers be at her side to veto more than the common, moat formal hand-shake f Did ever vessel take eo long to moor? Was ever eailor slower? Was ever hawser more awkwardly handled f Was ever any body or any oroird leas in a hurryP . . . Then, at length, the ocean-liner was along side, and one amongst the host of landsmen and landswomen scanned the line of faces whioh leaned over the taffrail, and then forward to amidships ; but there was no sign of the face he sought. What if Marian wete not aboard P How should he bear the disappointment? So soon as the little bridge was thrown across George was one of the first to get on deck. Looking to right and left of him, George walked to and fro amongst the passengers. He muBt ask somebody — yet whom P — they were all either eagerly talking amongst themselves, or equally engaged in looking for people. When at length he did venture to ask, he f onnd he had enquired of one who, like himself, had just oome aboard, at which they both laughed. Then he had the luok to run aoross the purser, and was told that there was a Mies Gonisby aboard. . . Now, what a quiokening of the pulse— what a rash of the blood ! , Marian was really there — on this same ship aB he stood upon. Surely she would be on deok, he thought ; but Marian had a few moments before gone down to the saloon. Perhaps there was a great lump in her throat; perhaps she wished to avoid the bustle and crowd of the deok. Perohanoe, some instinct told her it would be better to fce a little apart if her lover sought her. She realised ho w very much alone she was. She had oome very far to him ; she would withdraw a little now — it waa jurt womanly— and she sat down and felt the throbbing of her heart. ' If he is here he will soon find me. . Oh, how trying the moment. . He does not oome. . Perhaps he was not advised of the steamer being signalled. . Fifty things could keep him . I will go above. . . No, I will sit still a minute longer. . I am positively the only goal in this big saloon. . How odd it looks— even ridicu lous. . I am sore it does. . I will go above !' Marian was proceeding with this intent, when— whistling as heoatce — George knew it was a feigned whistle, just as the big boy who is not afraid of ghosts knows he is humbugging when he whistles for company in a lonely spot— there he came, tripping down the companion way— .'George I* ' Marie, deat Marie 1' Her soraharged heart was so full, his arms were about her waist and n««k, and there waa no one to come between. . The emotions are as tbe pomp of the affaotions and in great grief or joy with women, the ? windows of the soul' let forth the fountain oi the heart. 1 Marian, my love, look up !' said George, but she nestled the closer to him, and sobbed convulsively on his shoulder. Not till she oould look at him steadily did she raise her tear stained face to big, and he kissed it again and again until hs declared he tasted the saliness of the tears .' 'You are fresh from the sea— a regular salll But come, darling, is there any trouble f --'- ' ? Forgive me, Geo^e, these were not tears of trouble tut of joy. .1 know it is very .foolish,. 'bat I really oould not help it. . 'Zr: 1 have had trouble— great trouble and 'grief, George.' ' Tell me all about it, dearMt.' He led her to a seat, looked steadily into her eyes, and read there traou of what Marian had experienced upon th« voyage. ' You do not a?k for my father, George ?' « That is bad manners I admit, love ; but you will believe me when I gay I had no thought for a soul on earth but yon. Marie - and I'm really thankful to the governor lor thin respite. How is he f' ? You will never see him more, Gtorse He is dead ? ? \- four father it dead P Good haavang, you surprise me !' Then she told him the story of Mr Gonibby'a illness and death and burial in the Red Sea. And George took Marian again in his armi, and kissed and caressed her; and he was too disingenuous to be other than devoutlj thankful that a, great peace and rest andsuroty had fallen qpon them. IV Heaven itselfseemed to have removed the hand that so lone had withheld the woman he longed to call bis own. They were speeding in the train to their old home. What' if there were curious eyesP What if George wasseenby com panions who knew tun, out whom he never saw? There are times when we walk upon air, when our spirits soar as in the lofty *ight of tbe aagle, and the little commonplace things of time and sense pass unperoeived. By the time they reached Prahran Oeorge had hVed, as it were, through .an epitome of his loved one s life from the time they left London to the arrival that morning. It seemed to bin. there wbb little to tell of himself. The Wiuaden affairs, momentous at they bad been since toe departure wof the Gonfsbys, J Z eared to him unworthy of mention igeida tbe emaU&t; details affecting any put of Marian's life since he had said good-bye. So he told Marian when she repeated the request 'Now tell me about yourselves, George P' . They were at the Whiddens home. ' Dear old plaoe 1 And there is Lilian 1' exclaimed Marian, as Miss Whiddea came eagerly out to meet them. . 'Welcome, a thousand welcomes home. Marian.' ' Thank you, darling LU, you are tight — this indeed is home, or but three doors off,' and they kissed and kissed and embraced upon the pathway with unaffeoted heart iness. 'Do not make even that reservation,' replied George, having reference to the' 'three doors' away -fVom 'Fairleigh.' «I puess yon will be -quite at home,' and he lea her into the house to present her in triumph' to Lady Whidden, -whole welcome to Marian was no less cordial. Having to hurry to his duties in the city, George reluctantly tore himself away, leav ing M&risa; wiih his mother and two sister?, -?whose condolences with Marian's bereave ment were mingled with felicitations that ?she was onoe again safely with them. Daring the day, too, came Aunt Zinny, Iby whom more-effusive demonstration of ?delight, sympathy and concern Marian waB well-nigh overwhelmed. .'Sure, child, , you are just the same, thongh sobered,' she kept on saying ; ' but little wonder, for you have oome through trial and tribulation. Th^nk the Lord that you are safely back with us, and we shall never let you go again ; and your poor papa — to think that we Bhall never see him again I Bat he was a good arid upright and kind man, and yon are his only ohild.' This latter was said with a perceptible aooent of oonsolation, after the prudence ot the worldly-wise, whioh Marian understood, as she also understood that good Aunt Zinny derived honest pleasure from the thought that at last, when all was said and done, her foster lamb was well provided for. Marian did not undeceive her, nor aav aught of the oroel wrong that had been done her in the matter of the will. 'Twas not till George returned, and then late in the evening when they had spent many hours together, and Marian had retailed many ohapters of absorbing interest to her lover, that she caaie to that part affeoting her worldly prospects. ' And now, George, I have something to tell you which you have a right to know. It will shook you very much, I am afraid.' * We have grown rather used to shocks— financial shocks in partioular — in these parts aisoe you left, dear.' He said this with a tort of intuition of what was oomiag. 'You have gueesed something sorely, George, but you have h'rdly guessed the truth. My father before we left England made a will whioh entirely disinherited me 1' ' That was unfair, oruel to you ; but, darling,' and he held her oloaely to him, ' don't you give two thoughts to it, so far at I am concerned. You are here, and you are to be mine— my own, love— and I am more than satisfied. It is better that you should not be rioh while I am poor. I should feel it badly, I assure you. Now we are on equal terms. We are young, and the world is f ai-ly before as. I can keep you oomfort ably, I trust, though not in effluence. . . You really will be mine, darling ?' ' Need you ask ?' ' It seems too good to be true. I am positively beside myself with the joy of it !' ' George, there is one thing more I have to tell,' and Marian then recounted the making of a new will at the last moment, whioh bat needed tbe signature to complete the total reotifioation oi the wrong that had been done. ' That was * tench and go' for a fortune and no mistake,' exolaimed the happy lover. ' But tell me, Marian, that yon do not mind —that you will not let this trouble yon when all else is now plain sailing in front of us ?' ' 1 really have not troubled about it, George. I oan, I think, honestly say I am not mercenary, yet it does seem rather hard, and I am sorry for your sake !' ' Then yon mast not be— I will not allow it!' 1 The captain and the dootor were very, very kind. They quite interested themselves in me when they understood how matters stood, and the captain told me when at Colombo— I am sure I did not wish him to do it— that he had written an acoonnt of the whole affair to unole Gonisby. whom he thinks— bat I do not count on. anything. It is the better way— iB it not, dear P' ' Quite the better way, darling.' ' Your unole stands as the heir, and will inherit your father's wealth. Bat we shall never trouble him, take my word foe it. I am far rioher than heinhaving yon, darling.' It was lover's talk, and they were not inter rupted. . If the lost thousands was the prioe of their freedom thus to love and wed, they oounted they had the best of the bargain ; they grudged not the loss of the gold in the plenitude of their love. * I am more glad than I oan say that you take it so, George. It is the final proof— if proof were wanting— of .three years of devotion— what the commercial, money worshipping world would call the final aad olinohing test.' 1 Test 1 You -alk wide of tbe mark, my love. Yon forget yourself! You do not know youri elf ! — as thongh any fellow, any man in Australia, would want any sort of bribe along with suoh a pearl — for are yon not beyond all prioe ?' ' Will you always think so, George ?' ' It will be my fault if 1 do not. . . Marie, do yon know that there is a wonder ful, bis, beautiful difference in you !' ' A difference V ' Yes, von are changed — not in appearance, aoaroely any at all— bat in manner. Yon remember — do you P— that never for two minutes would yon let me hold yon in my arms ; though 1 felt you loved me, yet you were always so — so seared — eo unyielding— ' ' Well, if yon let me go a little— I shall not run away— there 1—1 may explain this subtla ohange that you are pleased to notice. . . I am changed. Be snre, George, yon do not see more than I feel it. In those far off days I w»s fighting- many invalid battles —fighting self, fighting prejudioe, warring with traditions ; and heaviest of all to be&r; np against was my poor father's bitterness bat yoa know about that, George f ' (To be continued.) The statement is made that alcoholic candy Is largely sold in Manohester and other Eng lish towns. It is said .to bs imported, from. Germany, and an analyst declare that it' con tains proportionately bs much alcohol as does beer. The site of what is believed to have been the first Christian church is at Glastonbnry. It is said that the ohuroh was built in the year 6? by Joseph of Arimathse*, whose bones are said to lie beneath the spot. Upwards of 100,000 poundB of snails are eaten every day by the residents of the gay Prenoh capital, the snail market being the buraestAidaBtrial mart in Paris. A SwW sooi'ety has laid oat an Alpine garden at Montreux at an elevation of 6,000 feet, 'where the characteristic trees and flowers of the country are to be cul jvated. Experiments seem to show that a large ooean steamer, going at nineteen knots an hoar, will move more than two miles after its engines hare been stopped and reversed. 