.. -.:? I.. STMAS. :: . - BY C, Po, HOUROYn.,. A:; It was Christmas Eve. Emerald-lane was, aglow with;e tem iien and waas: endeavoring;,- With ill thle! 'lim ted means at its command,? to copy itsmore pre tentious neighbours.:' Farthing' dips, in ' colored glass. bottles; andIcheap ..:Chinese lantier larflu'mmaed the Everybody was reoloming,. ., ;... : ',? E ei' Tominiy ohnsnii's ittle p biillncli, in its commion little wicker :cane, ?seemed to know that it was Ch'ristmas time; and piped. i mwaay more merrily than his'wvonit :' Even,' Cross. Sally,' as she was 'ialled, at No. 9, forgot to scold the poor littl? specimen af'humanity known to the lane as the beBaby,; and he crowed, with all his. hmight :at .seeing the illuminations, and really forgot to whim `per for' once. Tom Butcher's '.Mug,' the fierce- looking bull terrier who scared. the lives out 'of, the lane children at ordinary tinies, forgot to growl :and show his teeth; "and even he waggeda inerry Christmas to all and.sundryi Tom Butcher himself, a great, hulking, six foot specimen of roughness, unbent before' ;the magic.: of the day, and condescenided: to ,wish.a Merry Christmas to poor little lame` Niat Piper, at No 6, and told:: hmfinto ve , carefi andmot to fall, as' the poath was very He even',tossed ?hmpe .a:halfeny=a: wiho e lalfpenny; not a farthing;mind g " --with which to buy sweetsa ;. .. i H:e even so far forget li'i isedlf,'.ashe .went up to his room at;No, 3, as. toknock'at Mrs SJenlkmis door to ask after il'Ed e.and, Iwish her' 'and Mis 'Jenkins 'ai Merry.'.Christ. Mrs Jenkins herself had illumiiited her room, and p?illed aside the li tle, diinity'cur-, tains, so that the lane childre4 should iee the little Christmas tree, which ws adorned with . few cheap, trifling gaauds,· tat 'sekns. delicious thrill of admiration ..and : envy through the spectators;: To them, the Christmas -ree could: not have been 'fairer, or more wonderfiul,; had it: been hung with gold watches/ordiamonds; Suoli a thing as a Christmas tre: had never. -before been known in the lane, and :the lane fairly revelled in it with: delight.. Mrs Jenkins' Edie, toa-pale-looking! little Edie,' who had but just got :up' offi" bed of slickness-seemed as' though'- th'eioses" were coming back to her cheeks '(ith the: happy feeliiga of this merry: Christastdei : . But withal, Mrs Jenkins. wais. not- alto Igether haipy, for John was not there. 'e d'nbt yet coie' hliome' aid isq:iithis .little family was' not quite content;.- : .The little kettle .as singing, cheefily on. the,hob, the room was carefully and scrupu<. lausly clean, the table was spread withb the iiowiest' of snowy- cllotl's, twod pans', were. simmering and" spluttering on the;flea, ,few ' cheap prints -bhiug upon.thie wallsaiiid the little clock,; on the ' miitel .tickedF merrily` away, and seemed.-to say.' .Merry Christmas': in a sort.of .rhythrlical tune. - " Relictantly "Mi'rs eiins drew the our tains together,, and put a few. more lumps' of :coal :upon .the grate, s astomake- the room a little more cheerful for John lien'he cameI M",ary:;: k ?:was'ecomig" a :htctlta anions, for surelyiJohn was Date': I Aais t:hewas s'oftei `late, and Mary eveon . .Theirs was a sad, but common atoAry;::.: S:Married ..young with pu only, twentytwo shfllings (ivweek (John' alary as a clek to liveupon, 'people had said.' theyiywerestempt ing -Providence. But they had all the adv?ata~gi ' of{foith and hoap, arid dettihin?toi xo n ii-and their mutual love'to s ustain one another in time of trouble. ': - . A-lAlass I"?rouble soon came to,: o~sons, as sit Ioten does to,.England's jpoor. SSickness came, and John lost his situatio~i 'and:was months before he got another..' -r· Their small-infinitely small-itool??of.: ·savinga was soon exhausted and'tdaet had to ace the bbitter struggle of : poverty known to o ms-Inany . :: Oh, the bitter of the poo, as day byfday passes, and' eachm'iorrovw pesents a-blanker prospect thanthe last - " - Oh, the bitter agony of the thoughts which encompass them, the temiptations thlit' assail. them at such' 'time, as the ihusba?id .and father sees his wife arid children getting paier and thisner daily before his eyes !'.; i : Could you fancy what you would ldo in cddh a case 'I : . Could. you withstand temptatiom ifvoun saw these mute appeals for bread and were, si'rronuded by hund?iedas' of shop: 'atuffed with bread and 'meat to.overflowing~i' Can you wonder if by any' cha?e? tpt? ation were placed in the way of sunch .~ man what he would do. 9' "' aCan. yon wonder wh, Erelaud'a gaos are full 1 '"I wonderimany a timewheth'eiour feav~ Father would. harshly jUIdgle' .iio?h: ii nei:.: t whether the tear of compassion woeld .gliste" in Hia eye; and would He not say to 'the 'stricken one, ' Thou art forgiven 1' ??:. : How much rmore, tihen, shaill h be honoured who resists temptation. a~s' :John Jenkias did, and strives to do the right ' :i It would indeed be a long lane, however, which had no turning, and Mary's heiart: was 'made glad when John one day-told her. he -had once more obtained work;:. Troubles never comesingly, and littleoEdi~ was born at a time when trouhle ihad once more laid-his withering hand. upon: ,ith little home, - .. a'?, :. Oh, what a time -. " . What diatiess and agony of iniji :i ' No one to cheer, nnoopeto'olfot, no one to hold out a friendly hb?tit'ai:':time. most:, needed. The doctor and nurse had 'refuised to come Sunless prepaid, and John had needs perforce to rely on the help of his neighbours, Nor did that help fail. Rough, coarse, and poor as these women were, yet God saw their actions and their. kindness, and it is credited to them in the great book of deeds, Work had then come again, and for. a'fw years the little household had been happy-; but. about six alonths before this Christmas Eve-it had again failed, and John determiued?t he would do something, .aud tried sellin? -"i- era z e' .n . v/ c ' 'i :? : = . . .. .,. :, : : _ It -Wasq not.remuneiative-'worir but' he managed to make. enough tfor their modest waits, and;to-keep thej wolf away from i the Moth er?' - r i s.looked p with :a. start, for h benee i her reverie of the Where'dad a ,I don't ,khiowi'Edie; Iwish he. would corme.. He inst be trying to clear out all his- stock.'.: : ' iusu it seems so bad to be without him Olirstmas Eve mcthrc Surely he might comip. .We - doit' w*ant :the: nasty money,. `d"lther, as maiuclas we wiant him; do .we 'And "the' pal' little fad?,'" with its. big, dark, lustrouseyes; would light'up: with de light:; as a. foootstep: _wodld c;-ome down the ilaie, only ,to fade. away as it passed the Eiglit I 'Ni'!: Ten "! '.' You must go to bed, Edie dear. Dada will .be late,?: thik,L and jou are. not well dear, yet. Edie pleaded ihard Ato wait uip, bt her moth?r' insisted. oi iher going ' h'e tired little head was no sooner on- the pillow, thap, ninumuring.'i Dada,' the little creature sleptr~:?'..:. ?Tw SEieen .RTwelvi-e One Two'! STheslfire had died out, like the hopes of. t.t ut ureis they- beoeithe' b ghosts :of the: pst,; and the ittle iother.knew no moreý for 'ture ha asserted herfel?" . anda;.. a ied' JIt was evening-Ohristmas Eve. ; T',hel snow was softly falling in the London.' .streets, olothizigthem,with a mantle of white \--emblem of:purity and .innocence. T'i shops '-ere gaily lit 'up;, nd London w'ias rejoicing 'as" only London can rejoice-- - in a thorough hearty: manner. r All seemed Happy., In spite of the snow: in spite of the~'keen, pe?ntrating blast,'Londobn.was happy .. SHappy. . .W: hy,. everybody you met seemed quiver ing with happiness.. It seemed catching--one could not, help Even the ciildren seenied inoculated with. 'a special b'rand 'of happiness.. ;Merry;Ohrisiitias' ,':The;very shops, overflowing" with good tlings, seemed to aliout to one and all, 'M?erry Christmas. , The chiminig.. of the bells seemed to say, 'Merry Christmas.'. From every street one could hear a happy "hattr, a merryl bustle. Families;were all out together, looking at and admiring.the alops, .. * 'The stout, good-natured father with his load 'of parcels':;' the mother with the load of cares lifted from "heiet shoulders for the nonce, and every now and then casting an anxious glance at her little' brod of human chicks, for fear one should stray,. But the children ' They gazed with eyes wide open at Father' Chijstmas. There he' kas, in .all his 'glory, with his arms full of good, things-drams, dolls, tin s-words;, gun and-yes, as one little maid said, as h'er' eyes took it all in, everything. 'Why,.it's' children's 'time, and we are all children theri' Happiiness '..l . ' 'Why: there? was liappiness everywhere. You felt it, yobii s'faiiltit i- thei air, you. -wereini a 'lo o' happiness : ': . It was.in.you, it was ti front of you, be. hind you, round albout you, over you. Thevery stones seemied to cry 'out Merry Christmas.'. .: . .. O..ld ad oun?g ridh andpoor; great and siall, seemed. nearer to one another this iight ? thas .t lii.e er: would be again until Ohrismastide once more came round - Families were .ie-united,. \- From :ric orth,?south, east, and' west those .who' had been. away: from home.. had come back to join the family circle, and contribute their quota to the general sum of happiness. .Egi~f;di l i ~alerrie England "nce more this'happy Christmastide ." : ' .,.'Piper. . air.,?, Evening .paper Last edition. All about the great. railway acci ': l :'pealiwas a l thiin mai, ith a eigh moustache. ; "' ?"0 lights, air, twoa. penny " " The?ge~btle inn spoke to half-tirned, gazed upon. the .speakei?;,'took 'the paper and mat .ches,;. and, handing- the vendor sixpence, ,I rapidly erosed" the road. '" - ". '.Hi, sir,;-you're change'.: yelled out the nian' arid rushed after his customer . iJutst at that moment afour. wheeler dashed r uixd i." h'o/nr, "and, before th' unfo?tu 'nat mierchanit' had time to get out of the way wias .upon.him, oveihim, and Lad thrned the i "xt coinedi. :'- .. 'It .waraout.of sight" before the alarmed .pectator,s:h lia 'barelj time to. see the acci .dent,"" :; " - ": ": : . . ': ?`:: ". ".. A. cro.wd'rapidly.forrmed.ronind thei pro' ,aste an. and were .f ull olf mpathy, ad ':ae yla and iert ,:... -.... : ?:Thefgentleman.inaftedr "whoem he.had been. riuing eardcl the slhoits,. and ran. back, for cing his.'way throu?h thi: crowd;. SStand back !' ' am a doctor.': ' H. was instantly made way for, tha crowd intitiFely repoognising the voico of anthos . Ah, both leggrus s hd,I 'se, Poor' fel low. Get a- cab, please, somebody1 We muet taks-him.to. thernearest btspital. A 'ii-b was broughtl arid he was placed gently inside, in`the most? paiiless position [pD.ibe 'ii.d. ta~. i ay, thei " crowd still agap'e with excitement,"'and discussing the accident, whilst 'a 'shai;idp kidng urCbhin had quietly and cbilaly aaneie'd the itinerant merchant' stock,. and iwan aiready doing a roaring tradde. R.ith it ' •..:n a few mo~"ets the street assumed the aspect it' haidl woirn 'ris't befo re. th ai'cident, and tge waves of life ad. moerry makiig:-were rollimi'and surging 0a9 Merry hristmnas A. single specnimn of humianity had dis appeaiired from 'Lonhdon's trets, perlip for ever; but what mattered it.I"i: . Tlhaere were millions mor:-e. One blot the less'in theli:bsy, teeming, r0o licking, rejoicmn gLondon tireets. SHe wonf't i be missed SMerry Christmas: It was fully-eight o'clock -before Mrs Jen. kins was awakened by hearing Edie's voice. ' Hasn't dada come home, mother,.4 '.Oh, what is the meatter, Edie.l ,What can, it bel' I-have never known him to do 'this before.' As she spoke there was-. a knock 'it the door. -When she opened it she nearly fainted as she saw the great stalwart policemani who ,appeared at the door. . Does Mrs Jenkins live here, ma'am. 'That is my name,' answered poor Mary, trembling like a leaf, her mind running on all sorts of fearful possibilities. ' Do you know anything= of John-my •husband, I meant What is it - '* Don't get excited, warm. There's been a bit of a haccident, but. he'll soon be all right. -'What isit you want, Mr Policeman? Where's my-dada I and a wee pale little face appeared at' the door. ' Well, you see, missy, your daddy's had a haccident, but, lor' bless you, he'll soon be all _right.;i Na.t daring to look at the wife, he went on -'You see, missy, 'twere this way, iYour daddy was crossing the street about 8o'clock last evening, and was runied over by a keb. It's all righlt, missus,' he said, putting out his arm,: for he' was afraid Mrs Jenkins was about to faint, ' He's being well cared for, he is; all snug agtthe' '- Hospital. Lor', but he'll soon be alllright' - " The" poor:,stricken - wife and daughtir heard him give them the'directions how to. find .the ,hospital in silence, and shut the door. As Policeman 'X 22222 told his own sym pathising little Polly, when he went off duty, ' He would sooner have to arrest two murderers and. six burglars than tackle another job like that; blowed if he wouldn't. In the meantime Mary and little Edie had decided to go straight to the hospital, and were on their way in a very short time, It was Christmas morning, The joy bells were ringing their happy tidings through the crisp. air; old and young seemed to have taken a new lease 'of life. The churches stood with their outer doors invitingly open. All nature seemed to unite in one glorious paeaii of praise and happiness. '* Merry Christmas 1 Everybody and everything was full of it- brimming over with it. Old"men and maidens, old women and boys, rich and poor, united in feeling happy on that bright morning. The rob'ins, as they hopped from twig to twig, seemed to greet one another with a Merry Christmas. But to these two life seemed very hard. Yesterday they had looked forward to this day with such bright hopes, such delightful anticipations in a bumble way, but now all things .seemed.dark and drear and changed. Past more merrymakers, through more streets, past more churches moved the two, until they came in sight of their goal, one of thpse great Palaces of Pain London. has reared for the accommodation of such of her citizens as are sick' and suffering. On stating her business to the head nurse of the accident ward, Mrs Jenkins was in. fornmed that it was impossible to see her hus band before four o'clock. She pleaded hard, but in vain. An operation was to be performed ; one or ":perhaps both legs would have to be amipu 'tated, Mrs Jenkins and Edie whiled the wiary hours away as best they could, and then re turned to the Ihospital, and were admitted. Oh !what achange [ 'My:dada' i my poor dada ' wailed Edie, and flung her little arms around her faiher'a neck. S' (Oh, John, John ' sobbed poor Mary. 'Hush, hush!' said the attendant nurse, 'you muat not excite him it is against the doctor's orders; John Jenkins looked sorrowfully at his wife, and then at Edie ' I feel it more almost. on your account than my own, I don't know how it happened-it was all done ins a. minute-and I'm afraid you made a bad bargain .with .me, old girl. If I should recover.I'll be a cripple for life, and a burden~ to you, Mary ; but I'm afraid it's no, go. Both my legs had to, go, and I may as well go altogether. This made the wife and child feet worse, and the nurse had to interfere.. The woman was kind-hearted, but she had in some sot got steeled to. her work. They calmed a little,, however, but soon alas I too. soon--the time slippedt by, and the nurse informed them they had reached the limit allowed.:' .After a. tender and tearful embrace they, 'passed out, the nurse then telling poor Mary that she was afraid she had seen her husband .alive for the last time.. The mocking j.oy blls were still ringing a Merey Christmas. as the wife and childipassedi .into theirj now desolate. houme, -~A~-ddesolate, indeed,,it "proved, for ere the sun shone again- on merry London the soul of:J.ohn.Jenkins. had passed. hopme to. its. Maker. A plain, cofiun, a plain hearse ;- only- two. moiirners followed: John Jenkins' remains to their last home, but. the tears of the widow and the orphan fell upon the coffin. .. - Easthl toearthli, ashes. to, ashes, dust to. ·The last solemn vites given to the- dead,. the last sad tributes.paid; and Mother Earth received him ihto. her kindly. bosom,, and his, place kinew him, no more. But l.the widow and the f~therless. were not forgotten. SSomehow the story- and' its sequelb crept.. iihto tihe papers, and London, mighty, selfisk. Lonxdoiy throbbing with haste and turmoil,. yet had.those who. came forward to. help and siccour the destitute; and verily out of evil. camne ,'good, :for' Mrs Jenkins was soon placede in a position where she need have no fear of (poverty. Poor -Iary has now gone to join her hus band in' that place wheri there is no parting, -b'ut Edi. has grown up, married, and now has children of. her. owi,'and she often tells thlem- the story of poor grandfather's death, ad"Edie's Christimas of lohg ago. K Piinted.and published : by thbe proprietor, Thomams B-unt, at the office, Sydney-street; Kilmare, County of Dalhosie', Colon?r of: Viutqoria 