4 " THE Mystery of l¶ ldaunt Hall, C." " PT.E .XLI-(Continued.) \- Mrs. Saltoriti and Armande you knsw, Colonel Clifford," Bilaiche' re s.podmed, a -little ..sorprilsed ;' thfey .have beeen.il his service these thirtry : :ears. As :or [is. ilivers, she is a :lady, and naiiianai's friend, and '.of .efurse, General Cliffoid nnd his will counld '.bhe nolhing to, her. You. kinos, 'i:olonel Cliford "--lcesitating slightly -" iatthlli': ews will, that left all to you, as it should nowahys- hae becsu, "disappcired with lim." l ' I know it-yes,' I: .-.don:,t regret .U nht.a "lcicmit `me to congratulate ypu ,:oon. rouic decosion. .onl i\illmnlakte a u'."rich better: itse of j.nl these ingots .t:han I slo uld ep·rr do: iY'ou lane been :':.my. flcather's one conitirk and solace all -these years .I Iiow :;, -:his companion s.hhulos, aeliipy., were .:yu not ?" ';.. Since I left school;(ni, d-s 1 left very .ear.ly- yes. Tl'he iist tlhree yenrs we '"apent in :Ital nid thil Sboith of Francc, hubut.his constitutiolt was entirely gone, aso:nd "-w-ithl a, shy, swist.ful glance ""he never was the sncame, Cousin' Ed i:vard, since lie lost you. Iet loved youi very dearly. iHe forgave you in his I-;::eai'Lt long nago, I know. I thinak some :',:times it migiht lhave iadded yenrs to his :life to hive had you'by his side." The mocdy dlarknecss oni the-blrow of :the ex- colonel of cavilry deepefied. "Ie' made no reply. Aid a.t the moa :anent lhurry coame lounigii in. with his "::abitianly z?si ir. :. . " Tie 'tocsin of the soul' has rsounded, Miss Clifford, uid your dnly brother is hlngry enough to eat fri "cacsed nonlkey if yoii doii't tell himi ,'"i iwhat i isi. aiclean ils' snipe? sholt: :::ing lo-day, and seduced mue into. ac comlnini g liim; and I:l hope MIIr. 'is rlcan s ihed won't 'iclhe nntil .he caitchles me at it again. Th'le way tliat nlln sswings over ' bridie, busllh,- and scaur' might ltak&.the condeit out of tihe -faxourite for.tile Derby. I'edes trios exeicise is hcalthyl they say. I .don't ]inov-nllevcer wen.t for it muchll; but I haone my doulits, if it imakes o mnui's :lppetite. so painil ul. If you've .done all' your pretty siceches to the retlirneid chieftain, Blanche, we'll ad journ to diinner." Tihe trio adjournced at once to the .diseing-rooni-noLt ,tle glreat dining room of Moirdaunt, lwhich wass about .ns vast and cliherful as na church, but to n cosy little :ilapartilent opening off tihe draving-rooml, ill brilliant with thle light of maIniy wsax eandles,,and all a-glitter ivithll glass .ilnd Seres, and -quint oldil silecr ,and wher'e butler, majestic cis'oughl and solemn enoulgh for an arclhbisllop, :stood a.waitlig theln. It wals a. iaher silentmneal, or iwoldl hlave been, only i for harry. Colonel Clifford's n oneiiicss seemeild a chronic complaint. lie sat like a statue of dailr mlarble amiong the wax-lighits anil the flowers, eating; little, drilnking less, and tIllkinug leost of allh Blanchei fell. straiinge sense of con stroint--u chillilng. scnsa.tioi of disap pointl.ment. It was hardu to findl any t?hing to say to tlhat hard. inflxibile face. ulint :oIiury, who was equal to a convcrsaltional monologue iiat aily time, talliled ally(llldil did his best to drau Illuncle's hero out. "I srust you have laho objectint to fighlting your halllies over. tain, Colo ael Clilford?" be.sli,, eyeing lbis tall comlanpiion. ' Jilalchle is soldier- mad, SyoUn linow, .nd notllinlg iless than the swhole Crinsacln cueapaign will satisf3 iher. You'll lindt it futiiging vcry licke ]y, bult 3yonc're in for it. hiussialis m1a. :have solne inlercy, but ai wolnan hlis none. Ihy lue bye, you'll meet, sonm whitsit's-their-imse - brotlhers-in-:nmi \--over t liere llt )iraport; oie or t\ic of yoluroldl regiinot evenc, I Iclieve.'! 'the.face of Edwn.rd Clifford flushlct :deeph dirk red, "lnd his bold blaclk eoyc ..I hnave no desire to mieet 1ny of mi.y old.comriades,"' lie said,; curtly. ".Th e .ciriuin'sliances inder whidh. I .retutrn thel 'painil, pist-i'he------" lie stop ped confuisedlS. "'1 wisl to ren-ec nio old ocai~ti:aialices, nior forlc ll1ly Ine\ ones. 1. priefer, to iremain eitir:el3 aliniie for lhe present." "" Oh !'" llrryr drawlcd ; ".Diogenes .and his tunlh-Iobliisoli C'usoe. at holr dlilift Woasel ! Y our views of life ap pmar to hare.e cihanged consiadeiraly oi late. I thonught the storiecs the3 etoll at the mness lable of yoir wonderful conl clvii:lity nisl good-fello\iship hliad a touch of tlhe lonbg how. They'll rather .ivoinder at Ihe cha.ngc--the fellows of the li'ftecinlh-- iat 3o01u turning iher ' suit, and living alones withl the friar's *ghost. Do you rcmeilerih moeetht\ig :l '. "nglishlini.n--ie Scolihmaiua , mrilher nanstl luielcani. oui in Callio list ,cyar ? Ile tkllslo lie h met you there; and, as lhe's ia tciiit of yours. now., l'rha'lps -you'll likte to renew his ac qoiart:nce ?"". Again lthe deerp red' flush rose oeve .idsiaril's swairtlhy faice. f " No." he said sullenly; ': swisli to renew\ n"o olle's nequailnialne. 1 ic mclanul-r nio e laclcain 1 t Callao. A mlan cln'l hie ulnlu:tc. to keepl posted mis Ito S ,e'reiy J.oinl iolull ,i' raIswboecd Scotchi 1uan1 he lie'ts on his lilatrvels.', Tlhire s-.ins soomnelhing so viilielivc in his ine-ioiliethling so ulde ini his Swords--'-lltt .l;lnchll looked:at hihnt in shocked wonldicr. hut, lier brother \sas il Ino wsise umoved. "A'Ver'y true,' lie said, iin his saeflst voicec; "only whel!cn the 'rnwbonedl Sculclha11n' hsplsll to saxe our life, it gives hiin---\icell--a, slight claim to a ilacce in our remcollection. ]lut, per halis, the sturect bratwl ini which lie saved you from. a, Spait ishl: dirk luis slipped your ilelory,e" too." S... v.L nas ill of Ia .l'ver aifter I left Callao," liduliard Clieford soid,:with.a iood3y looki of injliryi; 'tit .was,-at Graniida,; a. very danligerousn brllill freer, lit whlichllcnyS lifT and, reasoir Si?ere bo1thl Ilespaiireed of. Isrecovered, i' colltrrll' to all exspeclationl; bullt ii ..'wery 're'mai.ikabli: clhange - r lhaid beCn ' cirouiiht all the lnst wass it blailk. 1 :reulembcrbdi nothingi of my whlole life before tlhat fatil.l fever---not my oiwni Iiausiclh ucittered i ii II ;xccliniil.tioni. '-Haie'ry lookeidt at, hiiln furtiscel, ";' it curllious .twinklei in Is eyes, buht his ilce lpreternali-ratlyl soleni.. i ''iie ex-i?oolniici sii goziaig iinto his vpllae. lie did inot seetl to fuiucy~'eiicctl .. ing theih gaz6e.' - . . 4 ui A, ii .In'rsv s,.id' initlhetically, sclit '?, s very r'enisiuitibleo f?eise, 1 iind how '1 wisl. solne of my' crc editors couldl Scatch it~! I onily' nlanl's' bootmnlkcr nu? tailour lost thlleir iiiiior'y, wliat 'ail ', l~yshun:liis cllteni.wouldiebe l And so you lia.\'e forgotlfenu everi-thiig, aind the swatcis of elihe.au.re nco fable ifter li!? ·I '11 ientilon iii to 1n[aeleii; it n&ay; save hIim some trouble. IIe rp peared to lhave been tolerably lntimnalc witlh you out there Most astonishing, cnse you ever lheard of-ei h, Blanlche?" I There wasris i covert, ioclcery' in luirry's :toine whicih hirs ',Siistei :was ilt ic'dto :detect Tlhe pinfull sense, of ~reist-ieint- ?lepened ""."'. ' t:'Tlw-iis a-relief;,n dinicer w'as b?er nd tylie retiredit,toelidirawing- roor. T li rIarrovini' stiretchlied .,hiiself ipoelr'?sofa, aiid venlt oirivitli li' soirk a.f liiinviig outt tlioe'.retiifu6ed hero; biutt' Colonel Cliford drewu ot, solex lienmely fine that everi Htrlu:yn w.as :Ilbffledl. Of- hls battles 'ii InTdia iiild' Ihissir, of hris tianvels in South Airericta mid Central Asin, iEdward Clifford ri-as strikingly reseried iard tacitrn.i "' Oel their oiem merit' modesdat' nn are dumi,'r'' quotcd Iarr'y.. ' "ty oivn cease precisely.' I've covered mnyself with glory sone hundreds of times in shinidiup lights withl bigger boys ; I've had a set-to wiith a' distiniishied menu tier of tlle I';hr Bully Bugles, and 1 licrbd Bully; but.1 never speak' of these eslxploits. Its not n lack of me mory either ; it's genuine, innate mo desty-thre eal, unadulterated Simon Pure. Let's have some music; Blanclhe. 'iltking don't Seen to be the colonel's lor~te. :' Ed\ward Clifford took his delparture' early. lBe Was stoplping at one of thi larcpo.t hotels. The brother rand sis tcr wartchled himn monit his horse .nd ride winy in the ~'soft summer mooir light. ' lid lihnd agreed before thnt leirre thlking to neconpaniiy thenlmto Clifford P.ark on the morrow, and remaini their 'guest for, tle present. ' um: sort of chap. thait here of yeurs, Blanche," thIe Iarcroriaus sod, :s tie dark horseniar disappeared -; "doirt remember .hiis oldest fi'ieids, or the man thit saved hiis life n year afigo, and eats fishr witlh hIris knif. Bitt, then, that fever! Iloir is you.r; idenal nor\, my dear rommnnitie, novel-reading sister ? Considerably shotteieredl, eh ? If hIe were anything less tlian li ero, and thie last 'of all the gteat Cliffords; rwho neiver' go swronrg, I shonll say he. wsas about the greatest guy and tihe sulkiest lout; I've come a;coss lately. Thie nisrn wsho can eat salimon cuntlets wcith his knife, anid drink out of his finger glass is capable of any, earthly erimne." liit, Bli?rche sis agone..She flitted 1ir theji dark polished' oaker .'i.atrwav, rind disappeared ire her osa room. l The night lamp burned dim, bu't the loyely summrer moonlight stieanmed in', and piut to shame its feeblle glitmmner. She blew it out. and sat dosrn'by the window, her chini. resting on her Ihand, thie .deep dark :eyes lookling thought fuslly out over thie silvery groves of fera, thie waving trees, the 'velvet greers glades of [oredairntWar?ts." Arlnd so the dreanm of 'her life .vas resilised-Edwsad Cliford was come. .A cold, leaden sense of chill and disap ipointrment -Weighed dossi a'her heart like lead. He was so dilfferent,--oh, so different- !-from the Edward shle re-' nmeinbered, from trhe,. hero of 'her. ilhearms. She liud'read; slt had hleard -of his brilliant exploits, of his msatch less br3-iery--how hie had siwelt down. an intearnaete whirvind upon hoiodes of' turbaned Sikhis aind I(alirs, and turnerd r tihe tide of victory at the last hroiir-Ihow hIe had stormed brittdries, iand cl forlorn'l'oPes, nd ridilden with. thie glorious Six Hundred down .the deadly gilade of Balildava. And whren her eyes had flished, and her cheel s fluslhedl, uand her heart throbbed'dal most to bursting with pride, mad joy, lshe hud reiuembered thatr thUis inrvin cible hIero, this Coeur de':Lion, lord hissred and caressed her at p~rting, anid gsiven her ithe solitalire shIe wore 1y nighlt and lby clay us a taolke of hIis "I'My hero ! my king !" the young ucnthliisiast waould crdy, passiolna.tely kissing it. "I would die for 3o11 ! Oi, to behol innn and such a man as hle ! Oli. for tlhe dear old dinas of cliii, li anld romannce, when girls could go dis gaised anid pilay?pge at.lelst to thlieir liege lord and imnight i My owl brov, Edward !' And now, the great dream .of her life was realised--aid the Lion-leunrted hod comen; A tall, black-bro\wned,'sul Icu gentlemnan,: snr'i Ped in giloom, as: in it nnialtle. guilty of alwk\vardness. that iiade the high-bred youiig lady's lor rise; mid most shamnefully un grateful to the miin rwho, only a yeair before, had saved lils life. One by one thle slow tears arose in the proud eyes, alld f-11, she \vas so unutterally slhock-. Etd alnl. disnlpointed-her idol of gold wa'ls but potter's clay. Poor flanche ! The lholirs of the geninl .luly iigiht \wore oll--slle lhad little desire for slclp. A sonorous clock oyer the stables struck loudly the nlidnighlt hour before she aswoke from her paLin fiull reverie. With a- long shivering sigh she wads about to rise and prepare for bed, when somnething caulght her eye Ithat riveted her to tlhe spot, and set i·ir heart beating wildly with a sen satalor niguh u luin to terror.: A figure vins movini g amid the shaliub. bery--, tall fig-ure, -wearing somne kintd of dalrk shrouding g-1srmnent, notl unlike I priiestly soulanie. :Slowly it moo)ed- lnow stopillng-noOw going on- now lost in dilense shlidow, now distinct in .Ilie brillianit light. of the mooa.: It left tihe slhrubber andl enteredl tihe F'lrinar's venue. Was it, .tihe friar's .'hos, tiaking his customaury midnight airing, anlld telling.its ghostly beads nderc th enonnstic onack No-the rivail lloolwig-iht strealninlg fullll -on t loniely fi'ure, its hetld tirnuld towsai?ds hiti iatcheir's ivindow, showed M[iss Clifford thie I:uiudsonian. face, bironzed d b1eaurded, of Mauelean, the tenalit of :hII, ltermitiuge. '.alitche ildrew her brea:tl i.sjin--si e lhid beni tei·ribly s tartfledi, M\\[r. Mac lea swore n long, loose, lpicturieslqle lookingl clonakc, iid i broid-brimimed Spalisnh sombrero, mul wasc a sltu gether not Iulike a briganlld in :ujplua, or'a senitiimential ea.valier comiie' sio ig: isi mnidlligit sereniade under his I-lndy's lattice. I-e did:nothing' of the' kind, however ; he paced briskly up .iand dowit thle long -leifty iisle. inh the rolemn ibeuunty of tie nigiht, f no i' i-rlly i -o. hbu. Blance iatcheLd liim tllroiugh .fit,. all-surprised, curious; nmused. 'lThen hie plihiged "witfh a crslit into the fin:plintaition and dis ,- "'olst odt" Blan"dl .thought, Inn guidly, forgetting all about her cousin in his new sensation; "wheL t a very eccentric personnge this Mr; Mnclenn Iutst': be. ijt then authoidrs are *all eececitric, I believe. I should like to unowi;imn, I .hcy. :and Ismn9t read his bookts.? .Ie has bee?in agret ,trn veller, .ild is-- onideitfully, clever, I sa'ppose.e holies thetit"?'forit annd I likee cleven r:'imen.' 9 ' -''. :. The ?: x-canalr' col:oldi : nh d the ec centiic? te~arint of -fthe Itermitiagi were queirlym -mixed ni i"n M ,iss '.Clifford's drcams thatb'-igt Slie' riawoke,, from one-an et;si? i' i?f isidvis in-n whilch a glistening blacksnalce,; svith'the wside, vclvet ees: and -silken smile of Grace Rivers .ias aliout to spriiiing upon, her !withl: its dednTly: folds, .while Edward 'stobbd by with grinly f?blded anrms and gloom face-. Slihe: struiggled--she strove to cry out --hic last hope was goiie, lwhen crasliing out of u the filr trees ~iisie tihe tall MinTean', and his blahkthlorii?fsliiired tliroilrh the air mand 'came dow liike the stroke of doom 'on:the liodced serperit :lhead. And Ed waiid sluil' irrbodily :injs , and :the handsoli:e tenn~t of the HlIermnitaged hnd knelt 'on idne l·inee before her on tlhe greensissid, hiskindl.? bi'ow in covered and 'said, "fLooek a.t me, hBlinche, I amin-' " And inist lhere a sufibeam darting ricross Thes sealed eyelids aswole the pretty dreamer, who sti-rted ipm in eljd. lauglhing and blush ing at l~her ver~y ill-re-gulnted dreams. " How absurd ,the idean, of my dream ing oEf tIht ?r.? aclTMean r Well, I leave Maordasmt--ih, dear old for dnunt !-to-dai, so the eccentric aa thodi and his noctiurni i r.mbles are likely to trouble nie no mnore." CHA'PTI R XII. rr TEE SPELL 01 TIHE CIRCE. Couisin Edward soda over from ):ire poi'st in timue for. brenakfhist; then the trio .stalrted in tlie, pony-chaise for Clifford P'ark, Blanricihe difring. \ Cut" along tlhiough thie west gate, ilancheli" I-anr y observed;'' "I've a wvord to say to Maclean.'' . Planchle obeyed. The tenant of the lTeririitage was stretched lazily benenatl-a.:big branch ing onk, smoldnsr liis cheroot, and witching the vivid nazure of the J.uly ski, as seen' throughli: the-glisteniing foliige.'. His long, lea 'wolf hound sla stretched out beside hfm, and neis tero anmd dog made a very striking tab)leau. set il visrid green. " I san old' fellow," 5'earry called. "I've a message from Sir Everard Eernleigh. He wants you to dine ivitl himn- this evening, and give him the benefit of your views on-hanged, if I:.doln't forget what I st.ronsgly re comriendl you:to be puintctinl, and give me. your opinion ofhis old claret, and his St. ,Tulien witih the b1lack seal. And oh, Adeline says you're to fetch her a batch of :Frentich noels, and finishl leanhing her all-fours. She'd come to you, only slie's afraid it wouldn't be sti'ictly proper. My sister, Liss Clii fbrd-;-Mr.. Macelean. She goes in no ietid foratithmors aiid poets, and all such small deer, so I expect you'll 1)e sworn iriends directly.; lir. iheleanl 'spsmng up, andi stood nuncovered before the pretty chate-' lalie. He bowed lowI at TarL 's" very free and easy ihitrodictioii. S".My authorship sill. ILavei done me its pleasantest service if it induces M[iss Clifford to add me to the list of her friends," hlie said, withl- a smile llaniclie -.liked-bright -mid clear . as the sunshine itself. "I'll attend to your bihests, Harny, iasd iss.Ferni leigh's nalso.,' Ah,' Colonel Clifford. happy to'meet you again ! I confess," with a Ikeen glance, "I lshould hardly have recognised you, though ! You have chanlged out of all knowledge since isoe -pasted I.lnst at. Callao." Colonel Clifford nmutteired something not very distinctly, and looked away fr'cni thie piercing black eyes of his tenanit. "li e lhad a fever out in--wliat's the .place, colonel ?--and lost i his mnemory altogether . Don't 'remember anything rnow,"' said the Tin.ibrvian, with a vinlk of intense significnce. "Convellent sort of fever to catch, eh, raclean-? j..lanclhe, don't sthre so-it's rude. You'll-n mnake ihcle'n blush." For Blanclhe wst.s':slaring quite wiild iS at the teilmasit: of the H-ermitage. "iAt he5r btother's reminiarlk sh .blushed red is a. sunset' sky, lwhile Mr. 'Macleanl laughed godd-naturedly. '"I' resemble somcose M[iss Clifford hes met before,:' perhacps,'' he said, wilh a, glmnce from t1he splendid dark eyes that thrilled the girl stiangely. "I. 'iisli you good-moorning." He stood bareheaded unti.tle cear rimge disa.ppedved, and stiill l3manchle vwore that startled.-face. Suddenly site turned npon the colonel:. ' Cousin Edvdward, do you knovw how very strongly ' you resemble that "\Whatt, Maelean'? No--surely not." "1nut you do," excitedly. "It was' thilt msade me stare so. fow very rulde you :Ire, Mavly, to draw anttention to ii. as you did." "Not lsilf so rude as yourself," re torted Hi:rr;. " If M[aclean lhad been the pig-heaied lad3-, you couldn't have loolked him osit of countenance more. If you haI(l gitzed much 'longer, ihe mighlit havre thosght you were falling in love witl 'hiim,' andl tlakingi ' hIis photo'gra'iph' in' your mind's eye." ',ponse ise, iut the resetmblance dent' yostsee it, IerCrry ?:' :(Co he Coritisssse).) 