^?JASPAOOIilEfl'S' VEN- GEANCE. ? ., CHAPTER XIV.~-Coutiauod). ! 'The worst is past. Godfrey, we have ' impoverished you, . I know, without your telling mo, that you hivvo mort gaged the White Lodge in this lost mone tary assistance.' Ho put his linger to hia lips to silence hcv. 'What of it?' ho said, 'Child, I shall work off that sort of thing. Yes, the worst is over for you, though your life means— secrecy.' 'And Maud did not even, know of my gsdatonoe. Godfrey, I wiah now that I had allowed you to tell her. But the wife of nn e&caped; convict— of ? ' He silenced her again, 'I did not tell hor,' he said, 'from motives of my own, apart from your re quest. I have tried to keep. even the ghadow of ijudneya from Maud's life,' Helen was silent. 'How could she havo believed Dorien'i' Godfrey said, aloud — 'how could she? But ahe is too puvo- minded herself to suspect auoh blaok treachery wsa. possible aa that which Dorien played. She did not believe it was possible for him to have deceived her in so foul a manner.' 'But she believed you had deceived her.' 'She knew I had been to her nil I blew how to be, in the character of Jmsba»d. Maud, I know, does not look upon mo as treacherous. Believo m% Helen, she is not capable of that. I know, remembering her from tho night of the ball to tho time wo arrived in Calais, how she suffered. Tho dootor told me overstrain, and I believed it. But it was not, in the way he meant. (Maud 'was suffering agionios, knowing ihetfaeilf loved — sho must havo known that — but believing that I had some thing else in my life much greater of tragedy, love, and sorrow. I know, now all that she went through, Helen, she is morbidly sensitive. Sho has gone, believing that her absence will mean relief to mo in some ways. Believing —oh! but I will tell you later. Sho ?hall tell you whon we find her, and my anna ara round her onco again.' The tears were coursing down Helen's cheek now. 'Godfrey, how loyal you aro ! There is no othfir man in the world like you I' , 'She laid her faco against his arm for a, moment. But he did not hear her words or notice her action. He had stopped in ,his walk and was gazing ab stractedly out of tho window, the ghost of a »nilo on hia white lips. 'Helen, Jaspar Dorieu's vengeance has been, an awful one, but I will overcome it!' 