THE JU-JU'S VENGEANCE. AN INCIDENT OF THE NIGER TRADE. Two white men were hard at work in the galvanised iron oil-shed of the little trading factory of Gwelo, which lies far away among the Niger swamps, one swelter- ing July day. Young Charles Carson, clad in cotton singlet and thin duck trousers, •tood with the perspiration dripping from him beside a big tub ' cooler,' into which a swarm of naked rlvermen cast basket after basket of greasy black kernels until the measure was full. Then he handed the native trader a brass " tally" as a voucher for the goods brought down. 'Meantime a middle-aged man, Agent Crosby, carefully probsd the ca'lalbashea of sticky yellow oil thrust upon him one after another, lest the Wily bushman had Inserted a chunk of wood therein —timber being cheaper than oil. ■Every now and then he squeezed a coil of viscous green rubber together, in case a heavy stone lay in the centre, for it is by no means so easy for an unprincipled white trader to victimise the unsophisticated sav age as some missionaries aver. It was fierce ly hot, and the sickly smell of palm oil, mingled with the fetid odour of raw rubber, which is considerably worse than that of rot ten eggs, and savours even more disagree ably ; while every negro endeavoured to thrust his comrades aside, and shouted at the top of his voice. The din and the. awful atmosphere would have driven a stranger gasping outside in five minutes ; and yet these two white men had toiled there from early dawn to noon, and their day's work was but half-done. Presently four pompous Krooboys cleared the shed with staves, and, followed by an unruly mob, the traders crossed the scorching compound and entered the " store-shed" or " 6hop." The room was at once filled with a shouting, struggling crowd, and a scene of wild confusion en sued. Each negro hurled down his tally, and proceeded to grab at whatever took his fancy, regardless of value. Cases of gin, pieces of cloth, flintlock guns, and powder were most in demand ; but bottles of pomade (used as a condiment), scarlet jackets, bat tered silk hats, and brass-framed looking glasses were also fought over ; and, amidst a babel of contentious cries, the white men did what they could to protect their pro perty from wholesale loot. As usual, the weakest went to the wall, and in the confu sion the savage with the strongest hands secured as much as he could of his neigh bour's goods in addition to his own ; and this is how trade with the natives is carried on among the Niger creeks. Once or twice Carson noticed a naked bushman calmly ap propriating double the value of his tally right under the agent's eyes, and wondered therekt, for Crosby was not a man to trifle .with. That afternoon, however, there was a weary look in tho shrewd face whicli be bad never seen before, and the agent seemed ito have lost his usual keenness over a bar gain. At lost, when the scorching day grew near its close and the shadows of the palms lengthened across the dusty compound, the babel of voices ceased suddenly, and the surging crowd grew still. Agent Crosby laid a hand upon his revolver and swore savagely beneath his breath. Then a tall negro, only distinguishable from the rest by the Intricacy and beauty of bis tattoo an<l the curiouß device standing out in relief upon his naked breast, passed through the shrink ing negroes, and, gazing for a moment at the white man, turned suddenly away. " One of those condemned Ju-Ju men,, only a half-fledged poisoner this time. I'd have shot the brute, for there's always trouble when they're about, only this unhallowed crowd would have burned the factory about our heads. Anyway, it's time to close," said the agent harshly, and his face twitched as he spoke. Then he raised his voice. "No more trade live, palaver set. Hyah, Kroo boy, clear them store. Get out, all of you." Two hours later, after finishing their scanty meal, the white men sat out upon the wide veranda, tormentetTby buzzing mos quitoes, and gazing across the moonlit river. Behind them lay the reeking swamps, and in front a sheet of shimmering water, streak ed with trails of fever-mist, beyond which a great cottonwood forest rose like a wall against the starry heavens. The inevitable wnlsicy and a siphon of lukewarm mineral water stood upou a carved Accra stool by the agent's side : and Crosby's speech was slow as he said. " No one could be cheerful in this weatber : but I've been unusually unlit all day, and there's a curious weight upon my mind to-night." The youno; a3s'3tant made no reply. He knew that alcohol and fever had spoiled his comrade's nerve, and he was ÜBed to talk of fife kind. Then the agent continued : " I suppose it was that Ju-Ju man. Every time one of the brutes has set his foot in the place something has happen ed '. and I wish to goodness,.we had left tbelr condemned fetich-house fllone." Carson only nodded. He bad heard that when the fac tory was established the spot most available for n canoe landing was oceupled by a little basket-work hut, erected In honour oflstbe river devils and wandering ghosts. This Crosby had promptly destroyed, and had re gretted it ever since. Presently the thick voice went on : " Two oil-shods'burnt, no one knew how, and three assistants dead In eighteen months—though that was fever ; and I hardly expected you would have lasted so long. Pah ! It's a sick ening, soul-destroying business, and I wa3 not always a eln-trader. The old life, when I walked among ray equals at» home, with clean bands, comes Iback very plainly to night. That's all gone, long ago; the rost are dead, and I'm stewing here In this pestilential hole, expiating my sins, I sup pose." 'Charlie "groaned Inwardly. There were times when the awful isolation and the deadly monotony of the life appalled him, too ; and, with a cheerfulness he wa? fir from feeling, he answered, " Take a talbloli and 9leep over it; you'll feel better in the morning. Good night." When the young assistant entered bis room he lighted a kerosene lamp, and smiled WtJterly as the g'.ow fell upon a scrap of printed paper, which, with grim irony, he had nailed to the mouldy wain scot aibove the medicine-chest. It was an advertisement from, a provincial papc** : " Wanted, a young man of good phys'qu* for West African factory. Interesting life, easy work, sport and adventure. Salar/, £70 first year, witfh prospect of rapid ad vance." Then, shaking his (Ist at the de lusive cutting, «8 he had done many tltne3 before, with the words, " You cruel lie," he flung himself down on his canvas couch, and, In spite of the heat and mosquitoes, was soon asleep. Twice he awakened fro;n a restless doze, and walked out upon the rickety veranda, feeling a strange- un easiness, for the agent's words weighed upon his mind ; but forest and swamp wcr? sleeping silently in the tropic moonlight. Fireflies flashed and sparkled amon? the half-closed purple cups of the flowering creeper about the balus trade, and he heard the drowsy chatter of the Krooboys below, who apparently never sleep at all. Reassured, he flung himself down again, and passed far away from the dreary factory into the fairyland of dreams. Suddenly a strange, choking cry awoke him ; and, while he wondered drowsily what it could be, the veranda stairway creaked. Then the ringing bark of a Snidvr awakened all the echoes of the forest, and he heard the whirring flight of a heavy ball, followed by a dull thud as the projectile buried Itself In a palm-trunk. There was a babel of many voices, and a rush of feet into the veranda ; and Carson, wide awake at last, entered the adjoining room with a smoky lamp in his hand, while a crowd of trembling negroes clustered about the door. Agent Crosby lay gasping and fighting for breath upon his couch, with blue lips and ashy face, n reed spear burled in his breast. As the shudder- Ing lad bent over him he choked out, " Re member the big lot of oil. A hard life. Ah t it's over," and, with a groan, turned away his head. There was a sudden silence: and wbile Carson gripped a post wftfe quiv ering fingers a big Yoruba, wfc» kad onee served the Niger Coast Frotectorate as cor poral, approached the couch. " Trader live for dead, sah," life said, holding up the spear, and proceeded to relate how he had fired at a shadowy figure flitting through the gloom of the palms. Charlie took the weapon mechani cally, and, like one in a dream, noted the tuft of red rags which adorned the haft —a symbol of the Ju-Ju mystery. Then he ■drove the wondering negroes away, and, this done, locked the door, and seated himself upon the veranda to wait for dawn shivering in spite of the heat. Shortly before noon next day ho stood be neath the dusty palms, the burning sun-rays beating down upon his uncovered head as the cuTvins fronds swaved to and fro in llio sultry 'breeze. <A shallow trench yawned at his feet, dust and sand upon its edge, and 2ft. of ooze and water below. Four Kroo tooys leaned upon their kernel-shovels beside him. and in the sloppy mud lay one of tb rough deal cases the long Dane-guns are Shipped in, and this held all that remained of Agent Crosby, while his successor with dry lips and shaking voice repeated such por tions of the burial service as he cauld remem ber. 'Presently he raised his hand, and two naked Krooboys stood upon the cat-e to hold it -down until their companions shovelled over the sand. l»wice the thing tilted side ways, and floated to (he surface ; but at last i the work 'was done, and Charlie CiraWi turned awar with faltering steps towards the lonely factory. lAnd this is a characteris -1 tic funeral in die Niger swamps. iA Protectorate official came up a few days later with an armed launch to investigate the affair. A native village was mulcted in palm oil for the supposed offence of con nrullng the murderer; "but the latter could not 'be found, and the officer went back uttering vain threats about clos ing that river to trade. This the natives kne-w he could not do without ruining the white factories at Its mouth ; therefore they laughed in their sleeves, and as 'he weeks went by sent down driblets of adulterated oil in payment of the fine. Meantime the young agent hardened his heart to face the months of solitude that must elapse before assistance could arrive from home. To make things worse, it was the wet season, and his Knoofboy labourers sickened one by one, while tlie intermittent fever came upon him too. Srtll, the chance of being duly appointed agent, at a salary of £300 per annum, was not likely to bappen often ; and, staking health and reason upon the uncertainty of surviving, he held grimly to his post, work ing twelve hours a day in the steamy heat of " the rains." Then, when darkness came, he dragged himself towards the quarters of the stricken Krooboys, whom he treated with draughts prepared according to the Govern ment Manual, which sometimes proved effica cious and sometimes the reverse. But no European may overwork himself with im punity in Africa, especially if reduced by fever ; so week by week the health of the lonely .man save way, and strange fancies filled his -mind. There were times when the wakeful Kroolboys shuddered and told strange tales of Ju-Ju magic and the power of th« wood-devils, as they beard him pac ing to anil fro upon the veranda all night long. 'Also, when trade was slack, he would sit for hours gazing vacantly at the forest With stern, set face, and there was no negro among them dare approach him. Then it came about that Captain Hinton Clifford was sent up the river with a dozen Yomba soldiers to inquire why certain in stalments of the fine had not been paid, and to ascertain by whose authority a stiff-necked headman levied a heavy toll upon 11 *'« oil^carfiers passing his stockade. Hinton Clifford w'as lately out from India, and brought with him a high opinion of himself and a very low one of the Niger country, which latter was perhaps justifiable. Ho wtre sft. lOln. In height, with shoulders to match, and had a way of looking at one out of hatt-shut eyes and speaking in a languid drawl, as though there was nothing in Africa worthy of his interest, which was trying to those who did not know the man. This, to gether with the spotless neatness of his dTess, which Is a thing rarely seen on tho Niger, gained him the sobriquet of " Dainty Sim," though the observant Consul had an idea that his languid subordinate could be very much awake when occasion demanded. The fever-roist was rolling in woolly wreaths across the tumfole- down factory when his panting launch shot alongside GJwelo landing. The roar of the rains was In fhe air, and every palm-frond vibrated and quivered with the rush of falling water. A few sickly Krooboy« dragged themselves a'bout the entrance to the oil-shed, for trade wteß very slack ; and there was an indefinite something which spoke of sickness and death albout the whole place as the officer, accom panied by a big boarhound, splashed through the compound towards the factory. When he stood dripping upon the verania there was no one to meet him, and. thrusting open the door, he entered the trader's room. 'A young man with deep lines upon his hollow face, knelt beside an open medtcine- chest, measuring out dru'gs with a shaking hand. " Glad to see you. I haven't heard a Euro pean voice for two months," he said ; and Captain Clifford answered slowly, " A mutual pleasure ; but you don't seem particularly cheerful. 'Alone here for two months ! How *nr white men can live in the place at all is beyond me." ■ "As a rule they don't live very long. Yqu can see four crosses, there, beneath the pahns," was'the quiet reply. "But you must-he hungry.—Hyah, Kalloto, hurry that chop." Captain Clifford did not delight in half boiled yams, rancid palm-oil chop, and two year-old Chicago 'beef ; "but there was noth ing else, and he ate with the best grace ho could. Afterwards he explained that the fac tory would be honoured with his presence for a fortnight, and handed Carson a letter an nouncing the fact that two new assistants were on the way, and that he might return w'hen they arrived. Then the young agent commenced a rambilwg narrative, in the course of which he said various things which nearly shook the imperturDaDle officer out of his usual calm. When he concluded. " Crosby's dead ; he died two months ago— I burled him myseM ; and yet—do you know? he walks a'bout the house all night and •Calls me," the officer's eyes were open wide. Presently -Carson went out to resume hts work and Hinton Clifford became suddenly intent. " I've heard that kind of talk ia the Indian jungle stations, and he's too yomrc for tfce life—he knows it now," eald the ••eer as he proceeded to overhaul the medfcMfc-cbest, for this man knew a lit 12 of many things. "Ae I expected—all the opiates gone ; that "accounts tor part of the story, tout no one can live for weeks with out sleep. I'll take a few precautions," he continued, coolly appropriating various rough phials with red labels. Afterwards he visited the quarters of the elok Kroi iboys, and the sights he saw there hauntei htm at nights, though It would have been hard to recognise In that eager, thoughtful face and those skilful hands the indifferent dilettante of the Cowular headquarters. -Hinton Clifford did not enjoy that visit. The little tumble- down factory seemed lull of whispers. The dog whined mournfu'ly all night long, and it was disconcerting, to say the least, to be awakened at midnight by a creaking of the veranda, and to hear the hoarse voice of h;s ho3t conversing with an unseen something in the mist bel-jw. 'More than once he had dou'bts of Cardon'f sanity, and wondered whether he would be ! justified in sending him down to tha coast by force : tbut. after a glance at the carefully-kept bocks, he dismissed the idea. At last, as the officer afterwards said, the whole place so got upon his nerves that he fancied he saw two shadowy figures, and not one. paAng the dark veranda, aud caught j his breath when the rotten flooring creaked ; behind him for no apparent reason. At tins lie doseJ himself with quinine, and com- pared the climates of Hindustan and Africa to the disadvantage of the latter. Then one evening he returned, covered with ashes and soot and glory, having burnt the water-gate of the offending chief, and after a scanty meal flung himself down to sleep. The trader lay in the adjoining room, which was that of the murdered agent, and a Ycruba sergeant slept upon the veranda. This was contrary to all ideas of discipline ; but discipline is relaxed upon the frontier-* and It was oomfortluf* to have him there. Tired as he was, the officer icould not lest. It was intensely hot, with that damp and clammy heat which checks the perspiration and puts the fear of death into the hearts of Europeans dwelling in the African swamps. The mosquitoes, too, were unusually thirsty, aiul their triumphant trumpeting over a new victim nearly drove the officer mad. At times the boarhound also crept about its master's couch, whining as though in pain or fear ; and Clifford abused the animal, then stretched out a hot hand and patted the rough head, for be re membered that dogs suffer from the malaria as much as men. At last h»» sank into a restless doze, and awakening some hours later, saw <the (hound standing in a stream of misty moonlight, wfcob. every, bristle of his neck erect. -Tbia«Jiad hap pened before, and, with a malediction on all things African Clifford turned over on the other side. Then the dog crept softly out, and he heard the partner of Its footsteps across the veranda ; after which from vh*» other side of the woodwork th;re rose a low, angry howl. "A most distressful brute ; and I'm as nervous as a frightened child," he muttered, sitting up and rubbing hie drowsy eyes. Tor a space there was no sound eave the growling of the do?, ti.e dry rustle of the palms, and the monotonous " crick-crack" of a boring-spider eating t* way through the wainscot. Then the floor- Ings creaked mysteriously ; but they often did Chat. This time, however, there was something unusual in the sound ; and, with the big revolver which always lay beneath his pillow in his hand, 'Clifford sprang to the floor. As he did so he heard a short, half- ibrea'.ii less cry, and something struck the parti tion a 'blow that made it shiver. Inj an instant the officer was out upon the veranda, keen-eyed and resolute, now the need of definite action had come. The' door of Carson's room was shut, but a thrust of the powerful shoulder tore it from Um rusty hinges, and, -preceded by a crash of foiling wood, Clifford leapt across the threshold. Two Indistinct figure? were swaying b ck wtards and forwards in the gloom of the farther end ; then, a? he stood brei'h ng hard and wondering what it could mean, they reeled into the stream of moonlight that entered the doorway. The pale rays fell upon the naked limbs of a huge negro, and the thin form of the white trader, who, with one band upon his assailant's throa*, and one upon the sinewy black arm that raised a short reed-spear above him, made desperate efforts to wltbho'd the thu t ■Even as Clifford gazed, waiting o chance to intervene, the trader's head was forced backwards, and with a choking gasp he loosed his hold, while the negro raised his arm to drive home the glinting blade. But the broad black breast was now uncovered, and <the foresight of the officer's revolver trembled across the tattoo-device on Its centre ; then there was a flash of red flame,, followed by a sharp detonation, and the room was filled with smoke. Through the smoke a wild object leapt towards the white man. Twice more the revolver flashed, but the assassin came on unchecked, and <Jllfford flung back his a~m as *h? spear head glittered before bis eyes. But before it fell the steel butt of the heavy revolver came down upon the etony face Wke the head of a battering-ram. In went teeth and jawbone ; the negro lurched forward and struck the creaking toirda beside the' officer's feet with the >crash of a falling tree. Then there was a glimmer of lamps upon the veranda, and a r >sh of feet to the door £S the Yorubai and Krooboys crowded round the entrance. Wiping the cold perspiration from his brow, Hlnton Clifford *ail Iftigu dly, "Car ried a lot of lead and died hard; but that fellow will fight no more." The factory Yoruba bent over the limp, black form, with a lump in his hand, and pointing to the tattoo-work upon the naked breast and the curious carving on the spear-haft, rose sud denly and cried in the vernacular, " It is blood for blood; truly this is the justice of Alla'i." " What does lie aay?" asked Clifford sharply; and when a soldier translated, added thoughtfully, '"Perhaps he's right— these things arc beyond me; but I should say that the man who killed Ageat Crosby has met his deserts at last." Charlie Carson came feebly forward, and, holding out a shaking hand, said hoarsely, " How can I thank you? You were ouly just in time; another moment thete would have been an end. Pah! I can feel the chok ing fingers about my throat now." m " Very glad I did it. There, that will do. No use making a fuss," was the quiet an* swer. " Some of the Consul's tales about the power tbese brutes possess must be true, or the dog would have torn him to bitß. See, he's afraid still, and the teast never showed the white feather before." Then Clifford stooped to pat the trembling hound, which crept whining to his knee, and after wards raised his voice: " Take him away, you, Krooboy, and bring plenty lights. I don't want to sleep any more to-night," he said. On the following morning the new staff, consisting of an alcohol-soaked agents, with more energy than character, from Lakkl lagoon, and two young assistants fresh from home and evidently little pleased with what they had seen of the Cil Rivers, arrived ift a broken-down launch. Thereupon Charlie Carson shook off the dust of that factory from his feet, and departed with Captain Clifford in the Consular despatch boat. Ha I was Invalided home, aud when he reached i England found a letter from the Government officer had preceded him; and six months later he returned as full agent to a healthier station. It was, of course, coincidence; but. owing to disputes between a certain bush headman, and the oil-carriers over the right-of-way, ; which were argue 1 out with the aid of poison and ambush, the Gwe'.o factory did little good. Therefore the owners abandoned, that particular creek, and the forest closed about the rickety buildings and' swallowed them up. Festoons of rope-like creepers ' are tteadHy pulling down the tottering oil-shea; the bouse has crumbled into a mass of mouldering timber before the grasp of the 11-tl trailers; and the compound is covered feet deep with for jab wood, though it is barely two years since the last white man left it. Nevertheless the native traders, who are eibove ail things superstitious*, will not enter that'creek in the darkness, and at all times give the ruins a wide 'berth. They say there is a curse upon the place; and perhaps they are right.—Harold Bindloss, In "Chambers'a Journal." ■ | 