A DISOBEDIENT PATIENT. The Fraser fracas still occupies a foremost position as a cause celebre, and public interest centres. strongly around the principals. Mrs. Fraser locked up on a serious charge, that of attempted murder, was in a pitiable plight. For days she refused food, and hour after hour paced up and down her cell, inquiring from time to time how her husband was progressing. To a woman of her excitable nervous tem perament the suspence was torture, and no comfort could be gleaned by the re pentant prisoner out of the meagre re ports from the hospital. Supervening on her collapse-for the miserable wo man quite broke down under the strain of emotion--Mrs. Fraser contracted in fluenza, and was removed to the gaol hospital, and placed under medical su pervision. Being too unwell to appear in court she was further remanded, and the crowd of expectant sightseers who assembled to catch a glimpse of the prime mover in the tragedy perforce went away. disappointed. On Dr. E ra ser's admission to the Alfred Hospital he was at once pronounced to be in a dying .condition. The operat'.ou .f re moving the bullet from his brain was mooted to him, but he steadfastly de 'clined to undergo the nece;stry opela tion while his brain remained clear. Later his mind wandered, and whether or not silence was taken for consent several medical men undertook to lo cate and remove the bullet. For hours the patient was kept under the influ ence of chlorpform,and the whole medi cal staff, nurses, etc., belonging to the establishment were engaged on the job. All to no avail, for, desite the applica tion of X-rays and the discovery of the exact location of the bullet, the latter was so deeply embedded in the brain that its extraction was deemed impos sible. The shot was fired at lunch time on Saturday, September 23, and the victim then pronounced dying. So great was Fraser's vitality, and so iwon derful was his constitution, that, al though the heads of the mnedical profes sion vowed that he could not last an other 24 hours, still his hold on life was so tenacious that he absolutely de clined to give up the ghost. Several times were depositions taken during the week in the presence of the neces sary P.M., etc., etc., and signed by the alleged dying man, but he rallied again and again in spite of the doctors. Throughout the time the patient was nearly always clear and collected, anc1 conversed scientifically with his brother practitioners regarding his injuries, but there were, of course, times when the strain began to tell, and his mind wan dered. The peculiar habits and eccen tricities of the pair were especially marked, and they had never been on good terms one with another. Jealousy was the cause of the separation, which was only the climax of rows upon rows. It is rumored that the lady was in the habit of solacing herself with spirituous consolation, but officially this has, so far, not been proved. Anyhow, she was pretty, highly excitable, wildly jealous, an excellent shot, and, given a loaded revolver and a husband who declined with many adjectives to have anything further to do with her the sequel may well be imagined. The couple were iii excellent circumstances financially, and owned a great amount of valuable pro perty in and about St. Kilda. 