THE HOUSE ON THE EMBANKMENT. ZT C -?k EH-T-a.Z " We;,seai lr Demz , "wht do'es the aet ae!y CanS wwehae eho? a se I e ptenrrely fallen in loh e with ic.' Mrat D n mhae rd an me r gge h 1Le-In. fTh =o s sh = h ent a eary week s " "My de w, t ha e ii if you Eie; the rent is low m T, oodne knows. leme w i. The o aOon ? e not v ar car., "? ve it, b whether thyou will theaso. t e -ty fOw E - abr:d at they of is OL~ea ?e n , ? , "'e?e oL.?y th is eeron Pi: on earth do ayou re" Bae Saurwd wi e aht onsee s" w tas prou tely toactIe "ýr to!e Of e sha car at My dea se r, arre, ha=et I :old you over and over amsi that oW tnit ea to Pg--ffci n l What are you n'ge p sUo C?a mystery air s..-? 1 a- us:---e isx mgag aeit the bonse, is ther r h t ?lh ed zh 'to have iot it into their •"eals t et tere i. I &?oingy t onds too ehed at the end of th- protsaic nine tT"h nemm7, w-b the facta is everyone peoner in aying tho t the place is "T "'n exactly what I oaid to thae agent He acgo b at the idem himself. eh he o told me some ek rsorwdi nary fact in connection with the ece. It seems hat for the last two gnrations, botn on, erange rare have chnnected themselve with the house, and very often Shas ood untenanted for years and To c,?ete from the aret's more per tonai knAwtlde of the case, during the lat rte year there have only been eleven months not of that whole period i which a tenant could n e a blie in it. The owneri-some people called Borrin ton-whose famly it bas belonged to for y"ea', keep i in ait exel ent repair, with a oie to lexicr kbut nothing will induce any of them to live there. They iare erfly frank and straeghtfor'ard ho ut it, and have riven the agent ay tt nc ll ahe ir to mentinh "fact of it being haunted to any intendaing tenant. A first they tried to htbh the matter upe; but many years' exIperience hat proved to them the ?iliy of such an o attempt. Te maent himself jeners at the ida and rays e ti i allrubbish. The hoe is beatiflly furnished, and in rIoeve gt~,be bas never been able to asertin any definite facts or details as to he haunbting. There appear to be no in ered ladiese in whitdeiment and chains eho inunde at stated intervals, not even a goblin who sreams in conventionally blood-aredinger tones. If there is any ting wrong with the place, nobody seems to bet able to give one any satisfactory description of what is wron " Mrs Denton stared in a bend sort of. way, as well she might. "?rt's extremely annoying," she suid "most annoyingl I had made up my mind to have that hsime-I tookp a fancy toitdirectlylawit; but I suppose it's imposible now. Of carse," she added, hastily, "I don't believe in anything of the sort myself; but you knowr what ser vants re-d rectly they heard a syllable out ai ghost they would leave in a " Ghosts," interposed orah Hilton decisively, "are purely creations of the imagination. So-called supernatural ap pearance are induced by continity of impression on the retinat honosh was Mrs Denton's yoh n er sis te and possessed about three times a much strength of character a n elk nton herself. Very handsome, self-willed, and good-natured, she read annually an enormous nu mber of books-about one wentieth part of which she understood under the impreaionthat by so doing she was improving her mind. Also she had one virtue or failing, whichver you are pleased to consider it. She was a obstinate a all the males I have ever met, though, naturally, she preferred to have it called hstrength of mind. "Ghosts r' she continued scornfully. "Really, ini elly"-tnrning to Mrs Denton -"one would think you had been brought up in the Middle Ages P" "Bt I don't believe inthem, porah honestly I don't I' pleaded her elder sis ter. "Only twhen you come to harve a house of your own you'll know what a bother servants are; and if the slightest thing upsets them off they go, and you haveto snand months makinga new collet tlon. And-and servants always believe in ghosts" " Web, that is easily settled. I'll go to the house and interview the ghost my self l".retorted Norah. "Yoll do nothing of the sort I" said Mr Denton, looking up sharply. His voice was unnaturally grave and stern, and it was evident thathe had heard more from the agent than he had chosen to dis close in his half-jesating description. "No, Nrorab; please don't play any tricks of that kind," said tick marston, who was sitting at the far end of the din ner-table. - it swouldni't do for yen to be oing about with our 'hair turned white in a ringle nithrt, or anythint of thet say the least of it" "Dion't he for stapi c, b y 'aind iorac. eHaien't I teld yiu that I don'r believe in anytein r oi the afair Gthost are merely matters of weak nerves or ill r health; and my ner been what yhn could truthfc ily cali weak. trhebjer, my aood sir, we tre not married yet, dnd if I've got t he obedient tclleon after marriare it's only fair that yon should th my abject slave bftore that ceremony-n-o thereal ' aend she made him a mteoieg little nurtsey. oSeriously, M ora,' sa~d Mr Dentteo, there are other things than ghostg. There porarily in his charge. e : = ac in sm g orar it ]s Den--*e day ebi re; as, wrheshel rz n h having ea a cr : se waEs e vie .ay_ asned he a her = c~s £*r is2 Wan netrn Liknae Z-5 ,? ( ;bnea.. _i ;. w-tnen e vdi~ s ? haede in the _____ at hir a-nt e, a z a?o-a t er se?.- '2d-?y, i T.± .s erwar a. lee tt o5 te rh ht :vg an ed the kae c bet way ,ri=z ;o Mrt Ci her es s'=gtad Mre ? r fr her, - ofr e: c-e6 fm a = =, ,dr doth akinzm t-he z wf ha oLrple I d novteas an h ne se mrles 1he wedr, in he ro a b, of it oe, a a wPra cum* ~he rhte bahe haai thde zl=t r n her b , =er to a swer i t he di ng. , Itr a I n ?zedy ,a toe . of h all she drew on a Bail -- .ca -pess Ian.ed tevo lve. It o ed aben a pscd from"? -ofs whithey were inse an. in the z s;; an a e had 3 hoouse s-it Itwasa psernOnitJ of.1 eu ;re; bahe ut b been able to ge same uscl shoting wth it at a short rnsMe. She e it into h , tozenomum with a few aee cthe togse out t the Ig, and cepta nissdeesaly down A ad ildk woau have i, she eroined the Baill and got out nobeerred.. It was a dear tright n1toutside, thosou aere chilly. and a beik walk of so t minanst dostieon eonDght her on to the Emnhaioment. Turning estards, she pursued he way, and lee than half a mile farther 0n fouad herself oppxite the hose in ques It was, cr ather is, for it still stands there, an old haouse of conaiderable se, bait in the Queen Anne's style. A short fht of shalow stpe led up to the front door, over which was a richly and heavily ar- ed panel. The front of the houae wa sparsely covered with some nd of creeper? A small space, hardly to be diziEd by the name Of a garden, sepa rated the house from the sreet, and was aurrorded by a high wall and railings an two heavy wroughtirh n gaest A quaint, coforhcalelng ho use to an e o.veringmo Auge oteve of nu, cannot indicate it more partis ulaly Mia Hilton pased through the big z?etal gates, which std ajar, and, rmun ning lightly up the ses, inserted he key in the lock and pushed open tie front d oor. A little chili of apprehension pased over her as she crossed the threshold. She, perhaps, for the first time realised that even for the best of nerves an empty, deserted house in the dead of night has uncanny posaibilities. How erer, being a person of considerable reso nloion a common sense, she did not give herself time to hesitate, but, dosing the door after her, she lit one of the candles, and walked boldly into the centre of the hall Her footsteps rang hollow on the bare polished foor, and the echoes of the slightest sound seemed to increase and multiply themselves till they filled the house, and ran whispering down the lon, deserted corridors She had aL-edy made up her oind where she intended to pass the night. On her previous visit to the house with Mrs Denton she recollected having noticed a particularly comfortable old- fashioned chair in the front drawingroom; with that and a small table for her booki and candestick (of which latter there were an abundance in the house), she consl dered that she would be able to wait for the morrow with, at any rate, a minimum of discomfort.. The drawingroom door was old and sta, and she had ome diriculty in open tng it. At last, however, it yielded with a rash that made the house reverberate from attin to cellar; in addition to which the sudden draught came near to blowing out her candle. The combination of the two things momentarily startled her; but, after a second's hesitation, and with a little laugh at her own foolishness, she conti nsed her way. The first thing obviously was to have more light. A short tour of inspection produced four candlesticks ; two ofthese she placed on the mantel piece over the big fireplace, and two more heavy silver ones, which particularly pleased her, she set on a small table near her chair.t The room was very large and lofty, and had little furniture in it compared with ensome of the other rooms. What there was, however, was old and quaint, and of rather a stiff design, the severity of the lines being enhanced by the brown holland coverings. All the pictures on the walls were also wrapped up, which gave to the place rather a funereal air. She settled herself down in her chaft and began to read. For the first half hour all went well, but when that amount of time had elapsed, she began to get retless. A glance at her watch showed her that it was only half-past twelve. She shivered a little and tried to resume Sher reading, hut tro conentrate her mind on the printed pages of the boork became an inposEibiiity; and in spite of herself ehe was conscious that she was keeping her senses strained to canch the slightest sound, and every now and again her glance wandered foriely round the room, as though to aesure hereslf that the poeitions of things were unaltered. This consiant state of empectancy, which \- in itself argued zreat nervous tension, ahgan to tell on her. She felt that it would be a positive reliet for something t to happen; the overwhelning stillness and desolation of the place was sapping her courage. At last with an apprehensive look over her shoulder, ehe moved her tahle and chair up against the great curtains covering one of the windows, and arranged so that she could see the whole room at i once without turning. The noise of moving the things did her good, and restored her to her normal frame of mind for the moment. lit as soon as the overwhelming silence took pouseesion again, her previous sensations returned with renewed force, and perhaps for the first time in her life she understood the full meaning of the word terror. Her lips and throat were dry, and her heart was palpitating with o an irregular throbbing, which seemed to shake her whole body. If she could have got up and left the house then and there she would willingly have done so; hut she knew that ste dare not face the staircase and the big esuare hall again in darkness. So all pervading was the silence that she scarcely dared to aker her cramped position In the chaiC A second glance at her. watch showed her that it was nearly two o'clock. She pulled out her revolver and laid it on the table beside her; the sight of it, toy though it was, gave her a momentary ense of security. Another boor of agonieed suspense had nearly dragged away, when, far down in to depths of the house, a stair creaked. Norah glanced apprehensively at the door and listened, straining her ears to the uttermost. A long pause followed of intense stillness; then another creak, fainter than the first, but nearer, as if whatever it was that approached was treading with greater care. Slowly, with long intervals between each sound, the footsteps, if footsteps they were, seemed to approach. The last step was reached, and still Norah sat motionless, her eyes staring at the door apeilboond - paralysed with terror. She ceold hear her breath coming in short gasps between the intervals of the creaking stairs. Her gaze was rivetted on the brass handle of the door-it was a rac H ct es-a ge; 4C--f 222 e 1= I wI ele -z irer- .;i &man; itar1; =. : , - s un he rer:TaV ro= :.: e e n screa Vo I!:--, st I y tonea. r-S :-,e r iSornisb aaIe - mean gi- i rao t am ne vo:w e-Ing i Sh.flt . si o zbise wahem sun: up i ohrjet osain, it, ana with h el mssctble edeerSTyan imtaagibi , S! ar sal, i'dxIil something! She felt us pceeeno, but she GJ^ s ee nab~ hear t' in the far emE oz' ne roan she m sh- net ad de a faint bier of =%i which bletd out thee objects -bio3 it, and wa advanc! slowly twards hr. Flesh ad blod culd tandno tme. With a tifed cy, han f--he, e idalfez a, Eit TrneŽt am the er xy hlark thew In mist wr5eat was ODEC2Edfor a DDSt bythesrmiceEanathart elstterclea-ad away, he sa, its dle t on unalteIre, advanE g lowly as before. She ied agu1, but with no rESUlt. Her lips! worked Zrcnhirly in an er of fear, and the :=3 des of t herw hens twitped and pIed this way and that as se fum bled wi:h the wry- iai. There were for Emot left; she fred thea anly in cickse sz o, nerwer knowing nor caring where they went, and rit: one floen sh , Cd deaing acren that echoed th rough the houe her yarms streed out to wa the hor ror of--she fell forwad an her face in -ecmifAlvesc ddrE e And lying so they found her omem hore later, in the moing. One of the ainds had discovered that her oom was muocupied. ;r Denton anesaed at the trsth at once, and, with Marston and a pndtcema , whom they pied on the way, they hapried to the thosse. The true explanation will prebably neher be ascertained. iSoa hersefr was anwgeronely ill for some wreeks, and even after her recovery the do orn ordered people to speakL to her about the matter as little as p Esible. Biit by bit, however, she told what little she hadl to tell, and Mr Denton and the orwner of the house entered into a lonopemmun ration on nthe subject. etthooth the latter had a simiar experience t ecount, as had also one of his brothers, no explanation was forah coming. Itha sincea been determined that some time in thenear future the honse shall be palled down. In that care some solution of the mystery maym be arrived at-whd shall say p Thpe ar e many mysteries of which, even at the end of this nineteenth century, it may not be trting for uas to know the explanation. 