BISHOP THOSNTON'S GHOST. De. Thornton, the Bishop of Ballarat, relates, in the Fireside for Becember, bow' he put an end to a {host, when rector of a large English parish. He was on a visit to a new And extensive !iouse, elaborately fitted with gas stoves uid brackets and all recent appliances. ' Upon being shown into the dining room, where all tlie family were KBembled, I at ones -saw that some thing was wrong. Soon the -story -was told to me. There was * ghost. -It vms believed a girl 'bad been immured in 'the basement -of the next house, which was in the course of -construc- tion. 'Of course,' Isaid, 'you have communicated with the police ?' ' Yes,' was the reply,' and a policeman is on iuty to'try and get «t her. But it is no good.' The servants had »H given notice, an'd nobody knew what to do about the ghost. I went down 'to where- tho noise seemed to -come from, and, after returning, suggested Inat 'I should be allowed to cotttrol'i.he family domestics and house for half an hour. Permission -was .granteS. 'I then had a tefk with two servants. Afterwards, with tlie family, I went Sown to -the cellar while 'the fearful groans wm tinueft. ' Avaunt,' I cried, in a loud voice, ' Abracadabra, I charge theB to abate these waitings.' Slowly 'the; noise died away. '* Aldiborontophosco phormio'!' I shou'tttd again. 'Cbro nonhotortthologos ! -How raise thy voice as loud as- -thou caust raise it.' The groans waxed louder and louder, reaching such a climax that ray com panions turned to bolt, but a loiid, peal at the door-bell transfixed them with a sudden terror. The rector detected the cause of the trouble. A small piece of grit had golinto'tlm -gas- pipe, and the gas going over this liid tredl-eB the row, which, as the quantity-turned on increased, e,rew in 'force. The servants had first lowered all the lights, and, when Dr. Thornton shouteti the second time, turned all on full, pro ducing the distressing noise. The gas fitter «K-n removed the obstruction, land nothing more was beard of the g''-»t- -' ? ?? Tbe Madness 0- DriKk.— Miss Alice ^Elizabeth Hart, a young woman, 138 years of 'age, who bas been managing » grocery And wine business for her father at IVeston, near Bath, daring the 'hst'two years, has -given way to intemperance. .WhilB tomler the influence of liquor one niglit she violently Rttackwl her motlier, and, after pouring a Ration of oil over :the carpel set light to it. Her father was fortunately near at hand, and suc ceeded in beating out the flames, When charged with arson at AVeston. the prisoner expressed her willingness to become an inmate of a home for twelve tiicntliv, and was- remanded for a west. 