St. Kiiaa Shooting Affair. DR. ERASER INTER VIEWED. Dit. Eraseii, the victim of the St. Kilda shooting episode, continues to improve. In the course of an interview the doctor said that he knew that he had a good chance when he could talk and think directly after the shooting ; bullets in m tnc neati were very sutuien. When they intended to kill they did not lose any time. Having been in the navy he had learnt much about bullet wonnds and their treatment, and knew there were consider able areas of brain that could lodge a bullet comfortably enough. 'There is always,' he continued, 'danger in monkeying with the brain, and is a sort of thing that should be resorted to only in the extremes t case, and then only when you are sure of the exact location of the bullet.' Naturally he objected to an operation, and, though it was performed, he was still alive, which, he explained, with quiet sarcasm, was the most wonderful part of it. At present, paralysis in his left arm and leg is all that remains of the effects of the shooting, except scars on the face. Massage is being tried, with good results. His sight is practically all right. When lie is well, he says, he intends to live in Melbourne, but not to practice his profession, the life of a doctor being all work and no pay. Victoria, he adds, is overrun with doctors. He intends to continue mining investments. The Duke of Argylc on the Transvaal : — ' If the Boers had chosen to keep their country to themselves, to work their own diamonds, and their own gold, exclusively with their own population and with their own resources, I should have, at least, respected them. But I do not respect a petty state which invites and uses, and depends upon the labour and brains of strangers, and then refuses to those strangers the common rights of humanity, and condemns them to an intolerable life of serfdom.' Complaints having been made to the .Minister of ? Wo.rjks. that sub-letting and sweating were^ largely practised on certai u Government contracts, Mr. O'Sullivan has issued a ^minute calling the attention of the Clerk of Works to the complaint, and has notified them that he will hold them responsible for any breach of the regulations against sub letting and sweating. Some consternation has been caused amougst some of the miners at the Blayney copper mine by the visitation of a ghost in one of the shafts. The men hear strange noises,, bells ringing, sighing, groaji mgs, etc. Miners going below have their candles extin guished by a supernatural visitor, and some of the men allege that something brushed past them. Six men have left thia mine owing to the terror the ghost has inspired. Three children named Wal lace, who were bathing in the river at Hill End, South Bris bane, on Wednesday, got be yond their depth and all sank. Darcy Clerk, of the Railway Department, succeeded in taking out each child. One girl recovered, but the others, a boy, aged nine, and his sister, aged fifteen years, were drowned. The ' Herald' actually got a message from 'Our war correspondent at Watson's Bay'— where the troopship Kent anchored till the weather cleared. By the way, ' Banjo' —'Clancy of the Overflow' — Patterson was the war correspondent 'who seat the message. 