MINING. KALOCBLI The mtin shaft of the Kalgurli is down 460ft, and good progreBB is being made with tbe sinking. COSGHOVES All shares in CoBgrove'e Bayley's Beward South (Cosgroves) on which the 10th call of 3d remains unpaid are to be eold on Novem ber 7, unless previously redeemed BOVLDEB PERSEVERANCE At the Boulder Perseverance the Griffin mills for grinding the sulphide ore have arrived, and Bre being fixed in poaitlon. the ther parts of the installation are being rapidly advanced. BAYLEY'S UNITED DIVIDEND Mr H B Barrett, sharebroker, of Coolgardie, has received a telegram stating that tbe Bayley's Cnited dividend of Is per share will be payable on November 20, while the call of 6d will be due on November 18. BBOWNHILL The creep st the Brownhill, to which referac.e was made some weeks back, has at last beaten the efforts made to control it, large cavity made its appeaiyice on the north end of tbe p opeity, adjacent to tbe manager's house owinetotbe col'appe of the timbers in the oxldifed stopea above the first level. Thie hat now been filled in, and foitunately the collapse was attended wl'h no ill reBulta to the workmen beyond tbe inconvenience to the mine from thetetEpirary stoppage in the stopes. Tbe damage don Is trifling. HUMORS Surprise was manifested locally at the fall of some of the leading Ealgoorlie stocks. Wires received from Adelaide daring the day show that rumors of an entirely erroneous nature are in circulation there, presumably for the purpose of crea'ing a scare among the ho'dcra o* shares (n the companies concerned. Lake View Consols, it appears, were at first singled out for attacV, and many distorted statements relative to this property were cleverly made to apply to tbe Associated and Its sulphide p'aut. The Lake View Consols management, it was said, contemplated a considerable rearrangement of the sulphide installation, and it was probable that pending the completion of such alterationp, the monthly output would materially be reduced, although at the present time there is no falling off in the shipments nf ore. With regard to the Associated. there i' no failure of the water supply, the lide ha* not become pooler, and the sulphide plant c ntinnes work satisfactorily. The leaching cf the first 60 tons of ore roasted <-as commenced, and two furnace are n w in full work, and ate tuning out 74 to's cacb a day. The management of h°. company is confident that the outi ut of rah furnace' will be increased to 100 tone per j diem. IVANHOE Tbe bjuth drive -east of t.h*e lode at th.- 300it k'Vilof tbe Ivaoboe bas jutt eule'e' i be main chute of ore due lo l he conj jnclion of the eastern an^ intermediate lodes that point l'ie ricti oe was shoirlng iii the fi.ee it<e lull width of llie drive. BUOOKUANK BOULU'ISH Ovingto « slight breiksgi of liie Ii isliug machine y tbe ^underground r.f.v^ iopmeut work hai been delayed fo' a few days in thei Bro>kman'a |St>u)d.(*rJ ThU'has now beeDj rectified, «nd i is expected that the crosscut will teat Ii the principal of the boundary veins' this w.ek. ... MDUCHISOK OTE6 The NfU'huvcn Ca, lately worked bj Jack H-Jtn, has.bien tak^n in hand by J Bpy4.^nd! W ItotB Beiiidea some liundreda of poiiu .s obtained by dollying; it. remrned16'iwt from reciut crpshing, and ahouU ,,ia tbe, near futuie ^ive a good account of lUtilf. A Dew rtef was discovered some six miles in a nor 1 her ly direction fidm Minara last week, Kir win and Testini t^eing, the proBpeclors. 1 be reef is about 2ft wide, tnd the cap has already been exposed for three chains It shows gold all along, and the prospects are considered moBl encouraging; The clean apof 161 tons from tbe Twilight, reported recently, has gicen liighly satisfactory requite, the total yield having len 173 JZ 12dwt. From t^e big lode 111 tons returned HOoz Bdwt/ and from the' Ifeader 40 tons gave 6Sor 7d«rt,' the owners are well plea'ei with the result, and more than eatijfied with tbe treatment accorded their s'one at the t ue V.ctiry battery. Seven men are at'^resent employed on the mine. Tbe mopi ea isfactory prfljrrss ie, we.learr, beiug made wi h the election nf the old, I Whltt>, and Blue lattery on DirilfiSfe \- i mpson s ,M inara iieases. , , Tbe rl«nt «bould bs in tJoing o'der by the end of Bext momhi or theieabjuts. WEST AITI^PA, , , , A lepresentative of Keuter's Agency lia hat an:uveKatijn with"Mrt}eorg<? J. Bridge w!io,ha» j^Bt netq^u'd. ft?ip « proBppftipg ex p ;iiitinn in the auriferous regions in the uestein porinn of the Gold Coast. DiK;u88ing jt)ie-ga[lfl j>rojpecta, -Mii Bridgei said : -' Wnhin the p ^t few m >nths 10 well i quipped expeditions 1 frnv'e 'gone up cou iiry w ih a view to examiniig the mineral pr.»pccis. Of thi's", saveral have b;en deepatched by t BomS! tif ibb most pri mineA' men connecte^ith the liaod ^old indus-.iy a fact which tntfibiently'ihdicat<-B the wisdom of Mr Cham^efia)n'e ppliay in dcvelo|. ing by raiiw<ty extensive districts. I an of opinion that the country contiguous to the upper portion of the Ancobra Kiver will be found to 1 Ve very Val'uableJ bdt : eo much for any sepsatiooal fifldSi M fo^j fte: siag ;and average permanent value of tbe reefs. Befom my departure I vfeiteiV ^11 the mines tn the l arkwadistricsttand gathered that tbspeoidfe wefe anxiouely awaiting the onmpletion.of the railway to tt-t place. ; Thle line 'is ex'- peeted to reach Itbere at the end of nei!t<ye>r. By tha.t time they should have ajatgereaer^e of ore. and it will be »n easy matter to. get tip sufficient machinery at about £'2 per'ton to increase their output.. />t KByniau Kor promising area has' been under development for more than two jearfi. This diBtrict 'it only 17 miles from the coast, withifwhipft it will probably be connected by 6 light rail wAy:' ' • • ' ' • ' • ' • • •"•' 'i'he manager of FraBep's reports for;week ending' October lfeSouth drive Tracer's Teef—No 6 level, No 2 shaft: Last -wefefc the lode was lo king so Etrong coming in ftpm tbe foot wall that I decided to cro-BCut intoit and so far we have cut 7ft, and a drill hole IB in 31ft beyond that; all in quarte. Oa hanging' Wall side'We ten Sefe l6it'of Ibde, which nakes a.total widta oflode-inLejght of over "20ft, and tb-dav l Vaw gold In'several places it crosscut."it can be underetood frnU tlii; how iibportaht the fievSlopment really Is. Winie, ; jioi^h drive, Fraser'i No 3 level, No 3 'shaft*! Sunk for week 6ft; total depth, 444ft. This w'nee is etill very qwllocfcy, - Kp 2 winee, «buth drive, Fiaser's reef, No 4 level, No 2 shaft. Btthk for week, 7ft 1 ; total'depth, 7ft! " This winee . is beiug jSuqk. Itptoediately under winze on No 3 leve', No 3 shaft, and is goinfe down to No616vel. Bo'ta't it hBs ^tjni on fair lode, and gold has be eh seen on several pccasions. No 9 rise,. No 1 sha't Biseb for week,' 22tt; tntal 1 height of 1 r48el 96ft. This rise Ja BOW, ho]ed thrnugh.toisuti face. Winze, No 2 level, No 1 shaft: Sunk for week 4ft; total depth, life,' This winee is'not looking quite so well «s last week, lode seeming to be making oyer into hanging wall, but what stone there ie carrUs fair gold. CroSf.cut,"No 6 lsVel, No 3 shaft. Extended fir week"3)ft; total'distancefioii 1 Bhaft, 1014ft Prospeoting shaft tin south boundary: Sunk for .week lift ; total 'depth of shaft, 185ft. I have now .opened outsat 182ft, got all timber^iri, and crosscut 6ft into footwall of loie. I intend now drivinf; north and south ^n lode, aha when clear ol 1 shaft will finish sinking well; it ls malting a little water, but having the engine we can easily cope with it, and now we have IOBC the Fraser's South Kxteuded water it wi^l not come amiss. Btoprs: The "various stopes throughout the mine t.re looking fairly wfeli a« 1B tbe mine in genera). THE KIMBBBLEY BOGEY Tbe Johannesburg correspondent of the London ' Daily Telegraph ' writeB : —' No one can be much in South Africa without being confronted with •he O^re of Kimberley. It is the stalking-horec of Socialism, When you are to be terrified bj the sins of capitalism out cimcs this skeleton, iti the calmy dais for tight or ten years fcfter 1871. tbe indi. vidual worker pegged nut his claim aud dug for diamonds. A few bad rare luck; many diet with disappointment. Withon 1 knowing it, the miner was del»ine in the crater of a vo'cano. By end by the side« began to fall in, shafts became nepes'ary, and cpmj>anies wcrfc formed. Erehttaally these cbaSpaniea amalgamated, and constituted a big monopoly, and then, to prevent robbery and illicit diamond buying, all the colored em. ployes were shut up in compoi'n's! In this way Eimberley suffered, because among other thing< the Kaffirs no longer spent their earnings in tbe town—to a larg • extent they had done so In maddeuing drink—but took them to their kraals to buy oxen, and BO get wives and live happily ever afterwards. Toil are habitually warned that once the Uitlahder capitalist gets powt r in the Transvaal <wlU follow the Eimberley example, create a mincpoly, aid institute compounds. But gold and diamonds are wholly dissimilar Ah ounce of fine gold is worth ahout £{'. ff Hottentot picked np a diamond weighing cot quite three- fourths of an ounce, and eold it to a Dutchman for £400; the buyer >arted wl b it for £Il,000, and then ft passed nto the possession Of 'h°Ooanteasof Dudley," becimlog fenown as nbe ' Star of Sotith frica,' and valued at £86,000. The PoctBr- Rhodes diamond, weighing'abont loa and,a fifth, was estimated, at £60000. In other words, three shines from -Nature's laboratory, looking like crvs&'sb* elan—with a difference—were %b«siaetea' by fa(hijh*s art>iter, weight for weight-, 8000 to i2,600 tlms>mbt«; precious than gold. . Hence tfa- fts wnc.ieaay, and illipit baying paid. well. . ^Neither EafiiiL nor European vir' ne was quite supe, lor to * temptation, and without tffe Compound system it is doubtful it any diamond-wjtt- in -s would,pay. No such necesiity exists in ennmction with gi'.d-minlng. Nor ie any similar monopoly necessary to keep up tbe price. Unlike any < ther commodity—a fact wbiqh yitistes pinch of the reasaping .pn estioai-^old is in nearly ufifciApri nnllmited 9£m*pdt— iFttai the preciAa fcifel in Kloi dike, Bhodesis, tbe Transvaal, Australia, and America si'ems likely to glut the world, and therefore the'e will be no gold monopoly. The ogre of Eimberley is a s;ectre of the imagination but, like oiher ghosts,', fo'k •will beltevb m it—until it iB forgotten. GEIFBMAT ITBMFI' During the fortnight ended October 21 Frasir's GoU Mine'crashed 900 tons of ore for a yield cf 381oz 16iwt. The Union Bank rxport by the steamer Wollowre, ,which enile 1 from Albmv on Tuesday nlebt for Melbourne, wai '12 boifes of gold bullion containing tl,973oz, valued at £46,766. Dr Earl Peters has arrived at Cnyango, having crossed Macombie's country from north-east to south-wait.. Tbe explorer discovered an ancient gold mine at Mt Swia,v The report of the Calumet and Hecla Copper Mines ou Lake Superior for the year ending April 30 contains some interesting Dividends for tbe year were 70dote per share, or a total of'7.000,OOOdols. For the previous year these dividend* totalled only 4,000,OOOdols, with a greater production of cue per than for the year just ended. .For the current year the production cf opper wi ; l.b,e grotT.an.d profits, of course, still larger. Th > present high price of copper warranls pushing the mine. Twenty.tivfe ye rfl ago, tt^ja repqit sUtes. they w> re Uoiatlog 800 tons of o-e pe; d y f oman average r'epth (if 800ft on the'dip "of t:ie vein. St nr. sent the capaoit; has reached aB;hig1i ^s 6,206 tons for a single day laised 3,800ft. The uumber of bands employed at. present is 4,706. 