music. The Adelaide Liedertafel gave a concert at the Town Hall on Monday, 13tli November, before a most appreciative audience. The first number was Geliet vor der Sclilacht (Soldier's Battle Prayer) by Storch, in which the modulations were beautifully rendered, and the prayer breathed through every note. The alto was a little too prominent in some parts. Miss Bessie Cole, a very promising young singer, gave'as her first song A Summer Night, by Goring Thomas, and in the second part was heard in a pleasing rendering of Hope Temple's In Sweet September. She would do well to give more attention to her enunciation, which was rather indistinct. The gem of the evening was Miss Gwendoline Pelly's rendering of Hubay's fantasia, Herje Kati. This young vioiiuiste gives promise of a brillant future. Her phrasing and tone are exceptionally good, and her touch u?iusually sympathetic for so young a performer. She responded to a recall with a dainty little Morceau by Gabriel Priene. Mr. E. Behrndt sang 'The Desert, by Emanuel, in a full baritone, but was slightly lacking in animation and enunciation. Mr. G. Hinrichsen gave the solo of The Wondrous Spring, in which his full, sweet baritone was heard to advantage; his second contribution being BlumenthaPs Sunshine and Rain. The Liedertafel gave, altogether, six contributions, in all of which their modulations and interpretation were most satisfactory. The accompaniments were excellent on the whole, although rather too loud in some instances. THE CRITIC'S cricket correspondent from London: On the first night of the Taunton match 1 was dining at the London Hotel, said to be the best in the town (the Australians were staying at The Castle a few hundred yards away), and opposite me at another small table sat Messrs. J. Daniell, C. A. Bernard, and Gerard Fowler, all three Somerset players, and the first two participating in the match begun that day. Mr. Bernard said nothing much, but Messrs. Daniell and Fowler carried on an animated conversation, which was a generally unfavorable criticism of the Australians. Mr. Daniell is young man with a perpetual smile and a loud voice, so loud that everyone in the room could have heard what he was talking about. He is also a Cambridge man, and such an execllent athlete that he gained his "double blue" the first year he went up to the University. He has since played international football, being one of England's finest forwards at Rugby. If Mr. Daniell had not, by raising his voice, annoyed me beyond measure with his ill-bred criticisms I should not have attempted to listen to the conversation which ensued between himself and Mr. Fowler. Here are a few sentences verbatim, which any person in the room might have heard unless they stuffed wadding in their ears— "Don't you think it's awful rot these felli.ws calling themselves amateurs?" "Of course, old chap, there's not a gentleman among them." "Look at Jones; he used to be a Bwoken Hill minah." "Oh, he's hog." "Well, Darling is as surly as a grizzly beah. I asked him a question to-day, and he answered gwuffly 'Yes.' I didn't addwess him. again, old chap." "But Trumper is rather a gentleman, don't you.think." "Oh, he's not so bad; he's a gentleman tc their ideas, but his accent, vou know, is awful." "Laver, you know, is a decent sort of chap. Thundering fine girl he was walking with out theyah to-day." "Oh, he seems alright." "Wonder what these fellows make out of all these matches." "I should say quite a thousand each." "Thundering good time they have coming ovah heah, meeting the best people, going everywheah, Photo, by Creelman & Co. and being called 'Mistah,' instead of being treated as pros." "Jones is awfully well built. Awfully fine chest and limbs. I was in their dressing-room to-day trying to get a bath. They were carryingon in a beastly way, throwing sponges and things about. I got an awful knock on the shin from a beastly boomerang or something. You had awfully hard luck, old chap (this to Bernard) missing your century. I was caught off a beastly ball from Jones that came up as high as my chest, you know." And so these two thorough English gentlemen went on. They also discussed Ranji in a loud voice. "Ranji, you know, has bought a place down Norfolk way, and asked me to go there whenever I want to have a bit of shooting." "What did lie give for it, did you heah?" "Twelve thousand or something." "Wheah did he get the money r" "Don't know." If the publication of this conversation can have the effect of making one or two young gentlemen, who ought to know better, more charitable in their criticisms, and more discreet, then this par will have served its purpose. Sydney Sunday Times revives its aged goak that the Tichborne claimant is still alive in the Paramatta Asylum, where he has been incarcerated foT 28 years. One crank, who recently examined him, asked —"Have you estates in England?" "Yes," he replied. "Any estates in Hampshire?" "Yes." "In Dorsetshire?" "Yes." Now, wouldn't an alleged claimant have to be very dotty not to Bay "Yes" to such leading questions? This Tichborne ghost is as bad as the Kiama co W. C. E. Bishop Green, of Grafton and Armidale, who volunteered to accompany as chaplain the N.S.W. contingent. to the Transvaal, but who later withdrew his application, has been a sorely tried man pecuniarily since his election as Bishop. The people in his Diocese cried in remonstrance when he announced his intention to go to South Africa, but in truth he has a South Africa where he is. He has to maintain espiscopal rank and discharge long Diocesan touring expenses out of about .£200 a year. The people -promised him <£2,000; it dwindled to .£1,000; when he . rrived, to .£500; when he put out his hand, to .£200. They gave him a big house, but no means to maintain servants in it or keep it in repair. He threatened on one occasion to take a small cottage, as then his wife cotuld do all the housework. Bishop Green never travels first- rlass on railways* , . , , . Pears'Annual for 1899, to handfroinMr. W. C. Rigby, King. William-street, is a notable Christmas issue quite up to previous numbers. With it are given three fine pictures, and the story, I Crown the King, by Max Pemberton, is splendidly illustrated. It is, indeed, a picture gallery for a shilling. From our intercolonial exchanges we notice that Mr. A. S. Gordon, Manager Adelaide Property Distribution, Perth, W.A.. is not allowing any grass to grow under his feet in the efforts to bring his scheme prominently under public notice. His advertisements have appeared in no less than 327 newspapers. The list will definitely close on December 6, and letters leaving Adelaide per mail on November 30 will be in time to participate.* The New South Wales Ministry in Council. W. H. Wood (Justice), J. Perry (Education), B. R. Wise (Attorney-General), J. See (Colonial Secretary), W. J. Lyne (Premier), E. W. O'Sullivan (Works), J. L. Fegan (Mines), T. H. Haasell (Lands), W. P. Crick (Postmaster-General). 