' OHILDREN'8 GQLUifi THE WRECK OF THE JOHN ANDREWS. From the man who has done a little of everything we heard this Btory of the Great Lakes : — The John Andrews was a lumber barge going back from Buffalo to Duluth. She waa clingy and stupid to look at, as all barges are, and yet nofc an old boat, but in good condition and sitting; high in the water by reason of the small cargo. There were groceries aboard, and some house furniture, four men to run her, and not much need for them when the weather was sleepy. Barges do not often carry any motive power — only a bit cf sail, you notice, to help when the wind ia aft, and for the rest they potter along behind a tugboat. As for me, I was going to Duluth on business not connected with barges, and was on a barge because the business was not pressing, and this method of travel seemed likely to be interesting. It was so. Now the groceries were stowed forward, the furniture midships, and there was not mnch of either, as I said before. The east ward traffic on the lakes is the larger in tonnage afc all times, for the west sends raw materials and the east the product of factories. You know all about that Finally, the John Andrews came last in a tow of three, so that there was nothing of the tug to be seen ; it was hidden by the big stern of 'the barge ahead, drawing so slowly that the tow-rope Bagged in the water between. Five men with less on their minds than we, on the John Andrews, were that day, you could hardly find — the captain and the fellow who cooks, two deck hands named Harly and Burns, and myself, and three were going to meefe sudden death and two to be — But never mind, that's getting ahead too fast. It was -all on a strip of blue water, which looked as innocent in my eyes that day as any water could look. Mo water looks innocent to me any more. We left Port Huron in the early morn ing, and when it came afternoon there were pndgy little clouds about the lower sky. I noticed over the Michigan shore that the clouds were moving from both sides to a point in the west, as if drawn by a magnet, and at that point, too, there was spreading but of cloud into haziness, and a banking up of thicker haze from below. The breeze was moving west lightly. I knew nothing of weather, I merely thought it would rain. You can't think how peaceful and bright it seemed, the tug being too far ahead to be heard. The deck-hand, Harly, was at the helm as a matter of form. The cap tain appeared to be asleep Burns, and the fellow who cooked, loafed against the rail, and didn't say a word. When the wind is Hght and the sun shining, the lake puts up little water hills with a diamond point on each, and if a man is relaxed and lazy all he needs for enter tainment is something to twinkle, shine, and change before his eyes. That's your trne theory of rest — to turn baby and be pleased with any bit of glitter and jingle. I remember that Burns took his pip9 from his mouth, and said he thought it might blow. The fellow who cooked al lowed it might. I said, 'Wind saves coal, and the tug gets the profit.' Then there was silence, and I fell to looking at fche glinting water again. Burns jumped and dropped his pipe, and said, ' Well, I'll be shot. Cap, look here !' The captain rolled from his bench, gave a glance at the sky, flung up his hands, and fairly howled, ' Get fore, you blazin' idiots ! Stow that canvas ! Don't ye see what'a comin' ? Get fore !' And he showed in other ways that he was stirred up. Thero was no more peace and content ment on that boat. The three men piled down through the waist of the ship. I clung to the rail and stared westward. I tell you there was trouble collecting over there. To that point in the west the clouds on either side streamed like running water, and the centre grew dark like the mouth of a pit. Darkness shot out from that mouth higher and higher, darkness in rags and streamers, darkness that thickened and boiled; out of it catne a low murmur, a growl, an increasing1 roar. The darkness \- twisted, whirled, and folded into itself; it became like a living tongue that licked the ground, a thing bulky above, tapering below ; a wrigrgling half-mile of thunder cloud on beam-end, run mad, raging, crazy. Ii bounded from the shore, struck the lake a mile away, and split it. The wa'er went up like dust. Oh it came, and on and on. The sun went out. Harly left the wheel and dived down the galley stairs. I rolled underneath a bench fixed to rail and lay there afraid. One moment more and we were in darkness al together, in tumult beyond hearing, air thick with powdery water, crush, whirl, roar, shriek. The John Andrews heaved and spun ronnd. I lost consciousness, never thinking to see the sun again. I don't know what time passed, but it could not have been long before I rolled from under the bench and sat up, moaning to myself and holding my head, not from any bodily pain, for I was not hutfc, but it was as if my mind were wrenched, beaten and sore. The mist was thick and white and cold ; the John Andrews rocked to and fro, creak ing and groaning ; why she was still a barge and not riding out the storm in peace, I could not explain. The cyclone was gone anyway, and had left us in the mist. Left us ! I stared around blankly. The mist seemed to make a solid wall 20ft. away. To live through that turmoil of lunatic elements would barely happen to more than one. There was nothing but bubbling and beating water to hear, and white mist to see. ' This won't do,' I thought and told myself to get up and look about, but I sat still, nevertheless, and shook all over, and was afraid. Now I heard another sound, a crackling, and saw a luminous place in the mist, and crept toward it as a baby creeps to any shining light. It was the doorway to the galley stairs. The smoke poured up through it, and it glowed from the brightness be low. When a ship goes round like a top a Btove doesn't stay unmoved. This one had set fire to the barque. To be burned to death ! For choice I would rather have gone ballooning on a cyclone with the crew. There was no daze about me now, I jumped to my feet, had a passing glimpse out of my memory of Harly diving down those stairs, and knew not if there were any further chance of Harly. I put my arms up uselessly against the smoke and went down the stairs. The smoke was white like the mist above, but pleasant in so far as it was dry and hot, but it felt only warm because of the chill in my flesh. The far end of the interior was in a blaze. I stepped on something that slipped. I stooped and gripped Harly by the collar where he lay in a heap, having fallen so, and I plunged up the stairs dragging him after me somehow. So I came out again into the mist dragging the limp weight, and quite blank in my brain as to what I should do ; but it was instinct to get as far from the fire as I could. So I went, with Harly on my shoulder, down into the ship's waist where the water was breast-high or near it. and swashing the chairs and tables about. I judged they were well broken up, but did not care to see ; and from there I carried Harly up to the forward deck, which was a fiat sur face forty feet across with only the mast and a hatch or trap door breaking the planking. The mast had become a splin tered stump, the planking near it was torn apart, the trap, too, was gone. I spread Harly out on that deck, There was a cut on his head, but he was alive, and I thought there might be water enough in the air to bring him to Any way, if the John Andrews were to burn, it seemed commonsense to make a raft. There was commonly an axe undei the bench by the wheel, so I went down again into the black water with its Bcum ot broken furniture thrashing about. How the fiee was gaining I could tell by the groat glow in the mist. 1 dodged the heat by the galley door, and went along by the tail ; the smoke was coming up through the planks. The axe was in its place. The finding of it consoled me greatly, and I waded back, gripping it, and thinking. ' Here's some one who won't drown or burn if he knows himself,' feeling grim also in my mood, so that though I found Haily sitting up, I said nothing to him, but fell to knocking up planks. He seemed dazed a little, and was wiping the blood from his face. ' Chopping her up ?' « Yes.' ' Why?' 'On fire.' 'Oh!' That was all wo said. I got up four planks with the nails sticking in them, and nailed them together in a square. If you keep on nailing planks together, in the end you get a raft — not comfortable in a choppy sea, but shipwreoked people have no right to be comfortable. ' I thought my3elf smart to see things so clearly and find so simple a way of dealing with shipwrecks, aud I thought poorly of Harly, to be doing nothing but stare down into the waist of the ship and at the glow beyond in the mist ; no sort of a Bailor, seeing the barge might go down any minute. I said, ?? L'-ok here, Harly, if you float on my raft;, you help make her.' ' Terrible lot of water below here,' he replied, after a time. 'There's a dining room table floating round right side up under my feet.' Then I thought I had to do with an idiot, and went on hammering planks. It was no time to argue, for shortly there came a forward movement of the John Andrews, and I knew what is the feel of a sinking ship — it makes your stomach go into a knot. I ran and caught Harly by the collar^ and cried, 'She's sinking !' ' Sink nothing. Le' go my collar !' he said. ' She aint sinking. There's water coming in. 'Twill put out the fire.' The calmness of him staggered me ; he might be right. 'Why won't she sink?' ' All wood. Wood don't sink 'less it's waterlogged. Where wae you brought up? She's nothing but a raft, this here John Andrews. What you want to make another for? Why, look! If she settles enough to put the fire out, that's good. If she don't, lot her burn. She can't burn past the waist, which is mostly under water anyway. Stands to reason, don't it ? Did you ever see fire burn in water ? No. Fact,' he ended, with heavy sarcasm, 'you might say it seldom does.' Now, according to shipwrecks as I had heard of them, when a ship settles 3he goes down. Anyway, it makes a man nervous to watch her settle, holding only to another man's theory that she won't sink. Even if he knows she won't he's more or less afraid she will. I went and sat on my raft. Harly pro tended he thought it all very ordinary. ' There's canned things below,' he said. ' Fact. There's devilled ham, and canned peaches, and cold soup. Fact. Here's what get's 'em.' He slipped over the side of the great hole I had made in the deck, and I heard him splash in shallow water, grunting a little at that. The John Andrews did not settle at our end at first, but rose, and so far as T could see in the mist, she might have been rising altogether. Harly put his head up. ' Sink ! Sink nothing. She's going up like one of them Sunday-school angels,' and dropped again. I could plainly hear the whistle and hiss of steam, and knew that the fire was being put out. I judged now that it burned down from the portholes till stopped above water-line. After that the water would come in but slowly for a time, till as the stern sank it would come in faster and faster. You notice that barges have high decks fore and aft, and that the sides run low between. So that when the stern of the John Andrews sank deep it began to pour into the waist in rivers with a great noise The prow dropped, and the water rushing forward spouted on the fore-deck. Harly came up pretty wet and scared, but he had his shirt full of tins. The John Andrews settled slowly, you might say inch by inch, the black tumbling water coming nearer us up the side. It made me fidgety, that's the truth. Down we sank till the water lay over the sides of the Bhip's middle, maybe two feet, and then Btopped. ; Harly said, ' I tcld you so. Fact. I did,' and began chiselling at tins with his jack-knife. 'That there raft of yours, that's a fancy steam yacht, that is. Fact.' All the same, he was sitting on my raft, and he didn't chisel any tins till the John Andrews had quit settling. We felt better, of course, and ate near a can of tinned meat apiece, and drank peach juice out of its natural can, and some kind of cold soup. ' Trouble with you,' said Harly — he had a can of peache3 in his band, and his knees hunched up under his chin — ' trouble with you ia them novels about the Pacific Ocean. Laud! I don't read anything else myself.' The night camo on very dark, with houra a week long, and some hundred or more of them. It's well enough not to be drowned or burned, but to be cold and wefc ani sleepless isn't real happiness. We lay close together shivering, and told everything we knew Jor remembered to make the, time pass by. Harly said the current set east, what there was of it, and we might drift to Canada in a day or two, if the mist didn't rise before and let some craft sight us; but we might not drift ashore an j where, and the mist might not rise. Never mind about the rest of the night. It wasn't a success. Morning came, and we looked longingly for the mist to rise, but it didn't. We were miserable, cold, discouraged ; but in time we felt the sun through the fog gratefully, and I fell asleep at last, stretched flat on the deck. I woke to hear a low roaring, and to see Harly standing over me. ' Q-oing ashore ?' he asked, coolly. I sat up and stared, and knew the roar- ' ing to be the surf, although nothing could be seen but the white mist. 'How?' 'Raft,' said Harly. 'Good idea of yours. Fact.' ; The John Andrews was tilted so that the lower side was a few feet from the water. The lake was still rough, the water dismal and black. Harly fell to chopping a plank, and made what might be called paddles. We slid the raft along, heaved up one side, and over. with it, It started away on striking the water, but he jumped on it and paddled it back, and we set to work getting away from that weary old wreck in silence. Only onco Harly stopped and pointed back. ' They were a decent sort,' he said. ?' The captain and Burns ?' ' And the cook and the John Andrews* That was their luck. Fact. This here's : ours.' The surf wet us well, but the shore was np.ar, nearer than it seemed because of the mist. We touched sandy bottom, waded out and saw dimly a man bailing a catboat high on the beach, who turned and stared at us. ' Well !' he saio\ ' Now, where'd you come from ?' For no doubt we seemed to come like ghosts out of the mist which hid the lake, with nothing to account for un; 'Raft come ashore. Fact,' aaid Harly, and we went right on to Kincardine, in Canada.' ' No good exphinin' things to folks,' said Harly to me. ' Wear a man's jaw out that way. Fact,' and I know that this true yarn of the John Andrews was never told before. The other day a teacher of a girls' school, while putting a company of juveniles ot tho gentler sex through their spelling, came tho word ' lad,' of which, in accordance with tho modern method, she asked the use and signifi cation. One little puae, on the question being put, with a sidelong look, unbluahingly answered: — 'They're useful for courtiDg wltb.' 