ï§èiê "QOLDmrm ON SACES. DOTALISM. REPLY TO THE BEV. D. ROSS. -On Sunday thé very Bey. DeanGoldsmitb, praaobingat Sti^Greorge'aCathedral, took for" tis text H. Cor. iv, 6,6,71 "for we preach "cot ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord ; .nd ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake. For Goa, Who commanded the light to shine out of darkness) hath shined in our hearts, to ¿ive the light of the know-, ledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesús Christ. . But we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of God, and hot of hs." Dean Goldsmith said some of them took part that* morning in a service of -special solemnity, when three men, realising the call of * God/yielded themselves te that call and dedicated their lives to the ministry of the Church. Such services as that pointed to the expediency bf sometimes, ? reviewing their own position with regard to the economy of grace which had been instituted by: Christ in the world. He ? quoted from the Book of Common Prayer : to show that there had been from apostolic "? times three orders of mmistere-uiBhope, ?^r|esîB an|:4l|^^ ^nis view^ 'liie.'^^-,!ôi^iË^4 «lÄ'iaBÄ.vOiis». tósted for rtbe *dlfym¿bf tfarbody of Christ-the Church, puring the past week theirs, had been meetings of a body; 'wbi&, was designated the Church ? Council in this place, an association of the ^ministers 'of . the various religious bodies about'- them. < First "of all, he - would vlike ''-''to...' say> , and say pub J. Sols,- 'ttiat : they did "well: to. thank : God from tiie bottom of their hearts for all : the good work that was done by those who differed from them in some respects, but who, so far " as their work was good, must Ito doinglt under the influence of the Holy Ghost, fie would like to say, further, that they ought to rejoice at seeing those f~ bodies 'being^drawn together in sincere unison. He "was" perfectly ..certain the more the variouB religious bodies were .drawn together, the better it Would be not only ïor themselves, but for the Church and the ' world at large, because they knew it was their unhappy divisions which hindered tho conversion of the world to Christ. But while that was so, there were certain words which, according to the reports in the newspapers, were spoken at the' opening, 'meeting, jand 'which, he thought, "ihsjf 'could ¡not heb¿ -regretting, -The presidentsww reported "to. bawsaid 'that «<ihrist>'aä:.opönBd the *»y by%hteh .sinners. »tftrhtóparflon.'' After an allusion' jiä, a ^retrograde 'movement they : MW ju one churçh^F; church which he afterwards said was the Church of England, the president said : "Ho who put a priest between the soul and God, they were bold to call a traitor to the Cross of "Christ." and, further on, "Sacerdotalism came between the sinner *attd- God." This all. referred to the Anglican Church. It was very easy to seize upon a word whioh had an aroma about it which* made it stink in the nostrils of the world-aWorld like sacerdotalism and without explanation to assume that the popular meaning of the word conveyed the mcaniig of the .bodr with which one differed. The hymns- they had sang that night proclaimed-with no- uncertain Sound - the claim they made as -Christian people tq perfect access to Ged, and that they recog- nised ho'harrier between the sinner and Qod, and so they were quite ready to allow the truth pf the words "that Christ had opened the way by which sinners returned to pardon." This waa quite true, but did not give the full story of the truth. The story of the prodigal son showed that it was not only the way back to pardon, but the way back to the Father's lore, to the home, and to all the privileges and bless- ings represented by the ring and the fatted calf. They were second to none in preach- ing to the world the sacrifice of Christ, the only sacrifice the world had ever seen, the only Mediator the world could own, and, in the highest sense, the 'only Priest since the world existed." But while that was true, they must remember to maintain the fullness of the truth which God had re- vealed to them. St. Peter, for example, i said of all true believers in Christ, " Ye are of royal priesthood." St. John said, "Jesus Christ has made us kings and priests unto God." They were united to Christ ; they were members of Christ, and therefore they necessarily shared in His priesthood, and the sacrifice He.offered was their sacri-1 fice, and the merits He pleaded for them , were their merits, too, though not in tho eenso that' they had created them. - He pointed ont that the words which the; apostles applied to the Christians were the - very words which God had spoken to his ancient people, as worded in the Old Testa- ment. This was only half the truth. Be- sides the general priesthood- of the old Hebrew Church, there Was an inner circle of priests confined to á single family, having special functions and privileges, and no less' a penalty than death was the punishment s«f those outside that family who attempted to enter the special priest- hood. He cited the punishment of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram as a proof of this, and said this was in the minds of the apostles, when they drew the analogy between the old Hebrew people and the Christian people. When God wished to deal with them He used men as instruments for his purpose. They could not deny this if they looked at the analogy of Other phases of life. As soon as a child was born it depended upon God for its food, but drew it from the mother's breast. Woujd they say that the mother came between the child and God, as forming a barrier P The teacher was between God and all science and the man who was learn- ing. A sick man lay on his bed, and only. God could cure him, but He chose to do it by the eMlíedl physician and the. remedy he prescribed: The man who had received an injury could only receive his remedy from God, but-it was the magistrate who came 'between God and the man' to right the wrong. And sp, when -ïhéy thought-of those -Vho were seeking and groping for the troth, and the minister came to declare the glad tidings, did the "preacher .corné between the sinner and the Saviour in the Bense-of being a barrier P Was it not the truth that the man or the Woman was UBed as the instrument by God to carry out His Divine, loving, and compassionate pur- poses P Because they believed this principle, -they heard such words as " the arrogance of priests," as used upon the occasion he re- ferred to. He quoted from one of Dr. Pusey's Works ia denial of this asserted arrogance on the part of the- priesthood. Then they asked themselves, did the words of Christ and His apostles justify the conclusion he had drawn ? MoBt certainly. He chose 12 men as the precursors of the Christian bishops, priests, and deacons which were to follow, and called them apostles and spoke to them words such as these : " As My Father hath sent Me, even so send I You." And when - He had breathed upon them He said, "Beceiveye the Holy Ghost ; whosoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whoso- ever sins ye retain, they are retained. ' " He that receiveth you receiveth Me, and he that receiveth-Me receiveth "Him that .sent Me." After further quoting from Christ's commission to Hu disciples, and St.' Paul's statement,." Weare ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you {by -us," the', very rev; gentleman, said, that when Christ -sent His representatives; lie- dia'hót part wlth,Äis autuorityi' bat that was His-very way . of putting that; authority into action. Did tlie: Governor in any one bf the colonies in any sense such as had been suggested play the traitor to the. Queen by administering -in her name? It was a pity 'that' such bad names were dealt out. A priest of the Church could ^only say in all humility, "Christ has sent me and I re- present^ Him." Whatever position Christ conferred upon His apostles, He intended it to be continuous, for He said: "Lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." Tho end of the world had hot. yet come, and, there- fore, the promise must be for the ministers of His .Church when they were engaged in their official acts. The apostles taught this, for they laid hands on others, Timothy and Titus, for example, to exercise their authority and fulfil their functions, and perform their services for mankind; when they should be removed from the World.. Christ inaugurated the sacramental system, and appointed men to carry it on. They knew that the vague and shadowy theory that man could do without anyintermediary was much more what the world would like. It savoured of independence, and, there- fore,- specially', appealed to English ideas. But they, must remember the . conditions of the Gospel, and must not dare to tamper with any System which had' been set out by the Lord Jesus Christ. "When they as ministers thought" what the ministry of Christ was they could -only ask them to pray for . them that they might declare to them the whole Oespel of God. They (the ministry) ? must do it humbly, remembering that their lives were devoted to God for the service of those about them, and that they should make every thought, word, and action subservient to the great ministry to which they were called. They might well be sus- picious of shortcuts to the Way of salva- tion other than those which Christ had instituted. ." Come unto He alt ye that labour -and axe bèayy laden, and I will refresh-you" That" was the way of the" .Church, and ; the way of1 the Gospel; definite and certain, by which they might ooma to Him. . Depending one upon another, priests upon people and people upon priests, summed up in that promise or infinite life whioh Christ bad declared to all the peoples of the world 