NEW BRITAIN AND ITS TRADE. A CHAT "WITH AN ISLAND TRADER. A representative of "The Daily Telegraph" last evening had an interview with Mr. J. M. C. For- eayth, partner in the firm of E. E. Forsayth anil Co., of Ralurn, New Britain, who has just ar rived from tho Islands, and Is at. nrpsont stavlmr at the Metropolitan Hotel. "When I left New Britain," said Mr. For sayth, "everything was very quiet. The settlers had received tho news of tho island being taken over by tho Gorman Government, and wero de- lighted. Trade will now go on bettor. Dr. Schnee is acting as Deputy-Governor, nnd tho new Gov ernor, Mr. Von Benningsen, was expected to ar rive on May 27. I visited New Ireland, Gardiner, Fisher, and Sir Charles Hardy Islands, and found trado thero flourishing. When I got to Pederson's station at Kapsu, I was informed that two boats sent up tho coast past Leinaru for trading pur poses had been attacked and thoir crews killed and oaten. At New Britain tho G.M.S. Moewo had Just arrived from Hongkong. Captain Dunbar, her commander, had taken up the murdor of Cap tain Colzuhn, of the Sea Ghost, who, with his crow, wore massacred in Tinput's Bay somo 18 months ago, and had arranged to go and punish the murderers. Punishing these natives means a great thing to tho country ns it touches tliem not to molest ships or interfere with their crews. Of tho settlers at New Britain, two-thirds aro Germans. Thero aro several other large Arms besides ourselves there. Tho Wesleyan and Ca tholic missions aro doing a. great deal of good, and gradually civilising the natives, and teach ing tbem tho uso of both English nnd German coinage. Hcrbertshoh, at present tho port of entry, and head, station of the New Guinea Com pany, will likoly bo altered, and the port of entry nnd Imperial Government station ho settled at Barawon Point, or Simpson Harbor. Burawon Point would suit best, as it is easy of access to vessels, nnd good land Is available for settlement. My firm is having built in Sydney an auxiliary schooner of 130 tons, called tho "Nugarea," for tlio German colony, and will mako her trial trip on Tuesday next. At pre sent we have a subsidised German mail steamer every two months from Singapore, nnd from Sydney Messrs. Burns, Philp dlsputch cl steamer every seven or eight weeks. Exports from New Britain nverago yearly between 2500 to 3000 tons of copra, besides largo quantities of long-stapled sea island cotton, pearl and turtle shell, and beche-de-mer. Thero aro now on tho island in cultivation about 4fl00 acres of cocoa- nuts, cotton, nnd coffee. Messrs. Hernshelm and Co.'s schooner Elsie, woll known in the Torres Straits trade, was recently lost in tho Admiralty Group. The captain loaded tho salvage on canoes, but tho wily natives literally 'cleared' out with It, and wero never seen again. A few days before I left one of tho murderers of Captain Colzuhn was caught and shot. In pnsslng through Samara! (British New Guinea), on January 31 last, a strango thing happened. Tho nntives told tho white settlers that a hurrlcnno and tidal wavo would como on tho 15th. The settlors laughed at them, whilo tho natives removed oven thoir houses into the busb.Tho storm arrived to tho very day, and Bougainville and villages situated on the sea coast wero swopt away. In Tinputs Bay also one of our vessels wont to anchor, and instead of four fathoms, as usual, found no bottom after tho tidal wave. I expect to leavo Sydney again In tho Nugurea, on tho 26tli inst., and got back to Now Britain via the Solomons. But I will tell you beforo I go that tho heaviest cargo of copra that ever loft New Britain was recently shippod by \is to Europo in the Norwegian barquo Augusta. It must have reached 1100 tons." 