THE TESTIMONY OF ESTHER SANDYS. TAiL Rights Reserved.] BY ROMl WHITE. CHAPTER XVTII. Ls8y''§*ndys bad been from home for a day or two; and when 'she returned, she won dered why the servants looked so stranje. She was told that Sir. Leicester, awaited licr in the library; and she went to him at once. ' Well,' said she, pleasantly, entering the room, ' is it some business ofmy.nephew'sP' Mr. Leicester did net answer. He turned away from her, and, made a few steps acrctts tuu room and baclc again, men negianoea at her in dumb pleadin;. A keen questioning look had sprang ii-to ber dark eyes. She seated herself qujetly in an arm-chair, and motioned him to apotlier. Then bhe folded her hands upon her knee, end straightened her back. 'She perceived that ill-news awaited her, and she remem bered immediately that she wag a Sandys. ' Do not break it to me,'1, 'She said, com posedly. ' Tell meat once.' -.' j ' It is terrible news. Lady Sandys. .'' ' Not too terrible for. me to bejir, Mr. Leicester.' ' ',..?:' She had become slightly imperious, and he perceived that she would broou neither soft ening nor delay of fiisinteliig'erifce'. He beat himself a little o^pr^tkble/ then turned and looked at bar. .'???'. 'Lady Sandys, your nephew, Mr.FiU-Eoy, has boon killed.' Tile face opposite him blanched, but the Toice which answered was steady. . ' That is not all, Mr. Leicester.'; ' No, he has been— murdered.' Lady Sandys moved Blight)}' in her chair, and wrung her hande. Then, still lixing her keen undismayed glance upon the lawyer,she she said again. . ?? That is not yet all, Mr. Leicester.' . 'No, Mr. Humphrey Sandys has been arrested on a i ha r»o of being concerned in bis death.' Lady Sandys dropped her face for a mo ment upon her hands, and silence fell over the library. When she lifted her face again it was UiooaiRss, nut ner voice remained Btein and composed. ?? Let me hrar all,' she said, briefly. Mr. Leicester told. He laid the story be foic her in all its length of bald trivial facts; and, as he reviewed the case, she followed its incidents closely. She had herself enter tained the two men at luncheon only the Saturday before, leaving irarst Hall before they did. They had set oil homewards about half-past live, walking swiftly through the park, where the clear golden light and (he slender shadows fell across the turf. Their servant followed them, laden with the game. At the lodge gales FitzRoy had handed this servant his pun, to be taken home, with the birds, by the road: while he and his cousin turned their faces to the fresher moors. Humphrey carried hie own gun, and they set off, unaccompanied by any other person, in the direction of Heath Edge. This was the last time tbat Mr. KitzRoy bad been seen alive. Lady Sandys said nothing when Mr. Leicester tremulously remarked this Doint; but her hand went in stinctively to her heart. At half-past eight Humphrey was seen at the ' rosh-berring,' alone. WliSi this fact had been dieted tho Coroner expressed a wish to call Mr. Sandys' butler, to ascertain whether his master had visted Hevistou Priory in, the interval. Lewis had been fetched, and had broken down completely under examination, finally falling into a seat and weeping like a child as he confessed his suspicions of his master, and his efforts to save him. Tbe evidence of tile surgeon who mode an examination of the body and of the man who had first followed Leo into tbe mined cottage, supplied the final circumstances, and riveted the last links of the chain. Mr. Leicester spoke hurriedly, blundering ly, tumbling over his words, and feeling, for. the first time in his life, the impossibility of practising politeness. Such expressions as he was compelled to use did not lend them selves readily to courtesy.- As he finished speaking he was conscious of: a vazue im pression that, after all, the English language was brutal. Lady Sandys heard him to the end in silence. Her face paled, and her lips un consciously tightened. Once she put up her hand and straightened the lacD of her cap Jappet. It seemed a piteous assertion of decorum and dignity in the face of humilia tion. . ' You have told me all ?' '? Yes, I have told your ladyship all. I would have given live years of my life to have averted this blow.' The lawyer spoke tremulously, but felt re lieved when he had so expressed himself. The earnest speech brought him into a kind lier 'relationship with his temporary office, which hitherto he had felt only as an outrage. Lady Sandys asked him'one or two further questions. She had neither fainted, nor com plained, nor cried out; but her face had be come older. Withal, she bad assumed some semblance of pride, which aspect she faith fully endeavoured to diffuse over her count enance, that neither eye nor lip might turn traitor to her pedigree. ' Does Mrs. Sandys know?' ' Not yet.' ... ? ., ... . ' She must be told!' ?$.:.; ' Yes, Lady Sandys, T thought — ' ' You thought I would do it. You were right, I am the proper person. I will go to her immediately. '?' She roue front- her cuair,;resttng her liana1 upon the back for a moment for support, But she still thought and spoke clearly. ' I must arrange to remain with her — that will mean a little packing. Mr. Leicester, have you dined?' ' I have had all I require, thank you.*' ?? You must have some^wiue. And your coachman— I will see that he has something. I shall bo ready in a few minutes.' She left the room, and he spent the inter vening time in renewed pacings, and silent irritated denunications of tue cawing rooks outside. Now and then he drew out liis note-book, and scribbled for a moment in the leaves. When Lady Sandys returned to him she was still considerably the more com posed oE the two. Then came the little bustle of departure, the hurrying servants, and tbe few lost in structions. Hurst Hall shared the gloomy excitement that had enveloped the Priory. When at last the carriage drove away, Lady Sandys drew down her veil, and consigned herself and her companion to silent musings. They hardly spoke to each other until the chaise rolled up the Priory avenue, and was drawn up in tbe light that fell from the entranoe. Storm drops of rain fell heavily, and glis tened, crowding in the flood of light. Lewis stepped out, and assisted Lady Sandye from the carriage. The butler's face was disfigured with grief, and his mouth worked con* vulsivoly. Had her ladyship glanced at' him be must have buretinto tears; but she moved swiftly across tho hall to the.drawing-room, leaving Mr. Leicester to enquire for Mrs. Sandys. -.- . . ' The mistress is upstairs, sir,' Lowfe said. ' ''??' ' Who in with her?' ' Mrs. Juppcame over, sir.' ' Tell ber thai Lady Sandys is here.' ' Yes, sir.' Lewis went quietly down the corridor, and Mr. Leicester followed Lady Sandys to tbo drawing-room. She was removing hep wraps, and she laid them neatly upon a neighbouring table. Then she went to the lire, lit in consequence of the dampness of the evening, abd held out her little hands' to the blaze; they trembled slightly, but she betrayed no other sign of agitation. : ' Shall I leave you Lady Sandys?' ' No, I think not. It is better you should remain.' ' Mr. Leicester went into one of the far corners of the room, and began turning over the leaves of a book. Then he desistsd, and stared up at a portrait on the wall. Ho gave a nervous start when the door of thd room opened, and beard, with relief,, that a messnge had been sent down to Lady Sandys. Esther was not well, and would receive hci visitor upstairs. Lady Sandys left the room, and the attorney lidgetted about, as be. awaited her return. He was thankful to have been spare! this additional pain. Wiien/after - about » quarter of an hour, Lady Saijdjs came back to him, he^nskea hast iiyJBSti^. she had\lel| her grand -daughter. .-.- '?'„,:'? ' 'She has heard it like^koaSandjiSi''-. answered the tiny lady, wiping bar eyes for the firstetiiue, and repres^giairtkV-. . ? ' It must have bean verj^fiiufiilv^rjis said, 'feelingly. ? ' : '.V^-'J' ' Yes, it was,' she replied. -' ' ;_ 'Can I do anything further ? -If o«M£5| must say good evening. I want to Visit Blr. Sandys to? night.'.. . ?'-'''? 'Mr. iieiaester,.Jiow will 'they prbceid with thiB;cjja-ge ?' - ? ? ? ' He observed that she did not prefix tic adjective 'shameful,' asniuety-nine wonrn out of a hundred would have termed a similar accusation. He made a few hurried steps across tit room, and then answered her, with a re newed look of grief. ' It must go before judge and jury.' ' You mean tbe Assizes ?' ' Yes.' ' Where will Humphrey be taken to ?' ' To Lancaster. ' ' Thank you, Mr. Leicester. Good night.' ' Goodnight. Lady Sandys.'' He escaped from the presence of this1 fragment of steel or ice, and shook his head mournfully as ho once more took his seat in the carriage, in the Priory drawing-room Lady Sandys sat before the tire, thinking deeply. She would not weep, nor even pray under this blow; it had fallen upon her with crushing surprise, but she bore its anguish in silence; even to her own heart she re mained calm, unhumiliated, and unsubdued. CHAPTER XIX. It was a dismal afternoon. Kain was rustling down upon the grass, falling incess antly from grey clouds. Mists streamed up from the low pastures, and blurred the sides of the hills. As night approached the dreariness of the weather increased, and fog began to roll and apread up the valley, and gather in drifts among the dripping trees. On the banks of the river near the weir was a little crowd of people. Some of their number directed and encouraged half-a-dozen labourers, who were dragging the water with wide new. - The .low thunder of the weir sounded above the noise of the voices ; and the water, swelled by the rain, rushed down the fall yellow with clay mud,' and thick with' froth. The twilight deepened, and the searchers were about to give up their work, when ashoulfrom one of their number made everybody start forward. Then, Blowly, and with difficulty, some heavy burden was drag ged up from the depths of the water. Saranna Gibson had been missing since the night of the murder, and at last two men had come forward, and related what they had heard, that evening, near the weir-pojl. Their story was Sufficient to cause a search ; but the river had been dragged all day with out success. Now, in the wet fog of the tyi light, Saranna's body was found. Jonathan was among those upon the bank. He moved forward with a bewildered look, and the curious gaznrs fell back to let bin: pass. When the still figure was laid upon the grass, he bent over it in silence. One of the searchers, with an involuntary: exclamation, pulled oft his coat, and flung it over -the dead face. Then Jonathan straightened himself, and passed his band acroBS his forehead. ' Hoo'd best coom whoain, ' he said in « subdued voice. Somebody got a plank and the body waf laid upon it and covered with a piece of sack ing. Then a slow procession formed, and moved in the direction of the town. The f-g thickened, and the trees and rocks seemed to loom in and out of the shifting vapours, lite ghosts. Jonathan's hair and beard dripptd with the damp, as he followed in the steps of the bearers. His chin rested on his breatt, and he breathed heavily as he walked along. When they reached tho main street tae crowd at their heels increased. Two ligu-es coming in an opposite direction, stopped short, as they met the advancing throng. One of them was Mr. Leicester,, and he pointed to tbe plank, and asked if there pad been an accident. .' 'IPs' Saranna Gibson,1' he wasit^ld'jjy, lialf-aidOEen eager voices, 'hboVbin foifnd i' t' weir' Mr Leicester turned to Jonathan, j-j J-t; ' I'm sorry to hear tTTisf Gibson,' ho'Baid^ 'very sorry.' ... ... -*r .-j. Jonathan'lifted his heavy eyes and Stared at tbe lawyer. Mr. Leicester's companion, a loll, clean-shaven man, eyed the old weaver with intentneBS, and some interest. Then suddenly Jonathan spoke. ' Hoo's dead,' he said briefly. '? Yes. I »m very Borry.' ' There's no ca to be sorry. It war th' best thing as could coom to her.' . ' What do you mean?' '? I'se none say what I means, now. Is Mesthcr Sandys bouo' to be tried aforoia judge and jury.as they're sayin' i' t' village?' ' Yes,' responded Mr. Leicester briefly. \- Jonathan passed his hand across his brow, and shook the beads of wet from his fingers. ' I'ee be theer,' he Baid dreamily, ' I'se be theer.' And then he passed on after tie bearers. ' That is a strange fellow,' Mr. Leicester's companion remarked, as tbe two men. went on again, after this momentary interruption. ' Yes. 1 wonder what he meant by those last speeches. He's half-witted.' : ' Has lie any connection with our case ?''. ' His daughter had.' ' Aye. In what way ?' Mr. Leicester briefly related Humphrey's explanation of the passage between Mr. Sandys and his wife which Lewis had inter preted as a quarrel. By the time he had finished speaking they had reached the Priory. The butler admitted them, glancing at the stranger curiously, and showed them straight into the room where Lady Sandys and Esther were sitting. Betty Jupp was' there also, for Esther had refused to part .with her, and tbe baby lay asleep, tucked up among the cushions of the couch. The old woman would have lifted her charge and withdrawn, But Esther, in a low voice, bade her not disturb the child. She, therefore.sat down on tbe other side of the sofa in Bilenee. The room was in firelight, and the flicker ing glow distorted everything, and -,.- lent impiBbness to all the objects noon which it played. Bettv's face was a witch's bead grinning above the couch ; and the shadows of some chairs were threo devils dancing in -a corner.. Perhaps tho uncertain gleams made Esther's expression strange. Lady Sandys thought so,'ond,witli a queer nervous shiver, she hastily asked Lewis to bring a lamp. Mr. Leicester introduced the stranger, before the light was brought in, and Lady Sandys greeted him with a curtsey. Esther with a few nervous wordB. Ho was the solicitor who was to draw up the brief for Humphrey's counsel, and he ;had pencil and note-book ready in his hand. Mr. Jieicester ? began to pull off his gloves, and one or two commonplaces passed as Lewisiroughtin the lamp. They all watched him Mechanically while he adjusted the wick and drew the curtains. Tbe baby moved a little and -made an inarticulate sound. Betty, glanced at Esther, but only met an earnest look, and quick shake of the head. The old womun^au' that, her neiee desired her pre sence, and sbe;begnn paltly to hush the child where be .lay,'; *.?.-. - '-'-' , ' Now,' eaid-iyir. Leicester, with assumed cheerfulness,': '':if.y6pr please; Jkirs-iSandys, we want all£|ha~ information ifcj^nirjwsses sion.' iXi-'^iK'-'---'' ' .-J1-,' ?j^%; Ertnert^oj^- Testlessly,' add lier cheeks' mw0*'--~- '-??'? ?' - ,,Vl will ^tell ...you what I can,' she foM. *i^iSprJ6^jf,h.. *he related, carefully and JBloifff'i aft^thetneiderits she had witnessed 'Wnica'iborefein; any way upon tbe murder. .The-^two solicitors heard her jjo silence, but the . stranger— Mr. Berkelcy^hihced at her sharply -now. and then. When bIib had finished speaking, lie asked a quick question. ' Does anyone else -know of all tbis ? ' ' Mo — no one.' Lady Sandys had remained silent, and Esther had been too much ocaupied in giving a cleai coherent account of events to ask any questions: But at the lawyer's exclamation -of disappointment, she turned to Mr, ?Leicester. ? ' 1 should like to understand, please,' she Eaid, pressing ber hands lightly on her chest. ' It has all been sn terrible and so confused. I have understood nothing. What good can all this story do Humphrey ? ' Mr. Leicester looked at her with compas sion, touched by the strong constraint she was putting upon herself. Then he made ! Jier sit dowa again in lier chair, and tried to Explain the matter to her. j L' We want all the witnesses we can get,' i e said; 'you see, the case against your . llUBUand is a very strong one. It has been practically proved tbat tho charge which ' tilled Mr. Fitzlloy was sent from Mr. | Humphrey's gun, and, as you know, the last i lime the two gentlemen were seen to- j {ether . Mr. Humphrey was carrying Ills ! iwn fowling-piece, while Mr. Fitzlloy lad given his to the servant. Mr. j Humphrey's account of the matter is that he , snd his cousin parted company soon after j bey bad passed the Chellow Dene Works. ! Jr. Fitzlloy borrowed tbe gun, saying that ( le might come across some game on the noors near Heath Brows, and that it, was top line to go home. Mr. Humphrey ac oniesced. and turned towards the valley, but sit down near the weir, and only roused -hnjself when the twilight began to fall. He | 'waa^hen 'tempted to spe^id half-an-hour or j si at' the ? rush-berring, 'having dined, and ? nut fearing that you would be anxious. The i murder must have been committted as hi! Bat by the river; unfortunately, it was a lonely j place— and, as he met no one, we cannot establish an alibi. Mow, as you know. Lewis's evidence has gone terribly against him. for, as it stands, it supplies motive for the mur der. It was evident that the Coroner's jury believed that there had been a bitter quand on account of Mr. FitzKoy's attentions to yourself. The mistress of the pcncillcr's shed had been subpoenaed by tho prosecu tion — she has talked about thenote.declarin^ that you said you had dropped it from your own pocket. The paper is curiously tinted, you see, and very recognisable. What we must try to do is to prove tbat the note was intended for another person. It will be a great point in our favour if we can Bhow that Mr. Humphrey was interfering or behalf of one of of his tenants, not of himself. Now, do you understand how important your story is to us?' ' Mr. Leicester had spoken without .consul ting his papers, and in tbe clear earnest voice of one who distinctly sees all sides of the question that is occupying him. LadySandys had listened attentively, while Bather bent forward in her chair, her eyes fixed on him, her hands tightly clasped. She seined as if she wished to speak, but, for a moment, conld not find any wordB. Lady Sandys broke into a little pause. ' Saranna Gibsou ? Cannot you subpoona her ?' she asked, ' I heard some story of her having left home.' Mr. Leicester shook his head. ' She is drowned.' he Baid, in a low voice. ' Her bodv was dragged up from the weir pool, to-night. ' Lady Sandys cxcliamed, and Mr. Berke ley looked up sharply from his notes. ' We mustsubpooua tbe father, Mr. Leices ter. You remember vfhat he Baid to-night ?'' ',' Aye.' . . '''Jf we caii' get a witness to swear that this 'note'' was 4nfohded for Samnna Gibson it will b3, us you say, a point of no little value. jSjirelythjs flirtation, was gossifead abontjn We vi'llaga' ~- ? '' LadydSaodys shook heriiead. . s «? ? ^ ' I do'nDt*believe anybody knew anything about it,' she said, ' though there may have been rumours.' ' I hope to goodness we shall find someone who knew, ' said Mr. Berkeley rather shortly. '' We can't afford to 1oso a valuable piece of evidence like this.' ' Why must it be lost ?' asked Esther, below her breath, tixing her earnest eyes upon the stranger's face. ' I am speakiog the truth. I can tell all about it.' '.' Aye, aye,' he answered, more gently than he had yet spoken, ' but it is not ad missible.' ?'Why ?' ' You are his wife,' Mr. Leicester ex plained, ; compassionately, ' and the law debars you from becoming a witness.' (To be continued.) 