Resolving and Doing. It is probable that all who will read this paper have very sincerely purposed, and in some way pledged themselves, to crowd into their future life more of faithfulness to duty, of advance in personal piety, and of Christian helpfulness in the Church and at home, than they have done in the past. It may be assumed that all who have sinuerejy aua truiy luua jjurpuaeu, are both desirous and anxious to accomplish what they thereby undertook. They mean — at least as yet — to make good their pledges and their vows. They are now stimulated to maintain a greater strenuousneBS of effort and consecration by a fresh, stronger sense of the shortness of this earthly life and of their personal accountability. The goal of life and the Great Assize are nearer than before. In all people who have An Increase thus sincerely purposed of Interest, there is a perceptible increase of interest in the well-being and in the work of the Church, in its membership, its ordi nances, in all that conduces to the increase of its spiritual life, its purity, and evangelizing power. Personal sacrifices — such as bestowments of time, labor, and money — become easier, more frequent, more proportionate to the needs of the Church. An increased desire is clearly exhibited to co-operate with the pastor and with lay members who are zealous in sustaining the ordinary as well as the special services in God's house. There is a cheering addition to the habitual attendance at prayer-meetings. There is an increased fervour in prayer ; a note of deeper joy is heard in the songs ; testimony is as suring and convincing ; the membership is strengthened, the pastor is comforted and inspired, and the gospel, spoken from lips baptized with the Spirit and with fire, will capture many souls for Christ. These are the results, in part, that will come to the Church if the vows and the purposes formulated by the professed followers of Christ shall be made good. And just herein is a A Veritable veritable test of the sin Test, cerity and vaLue of the resolves to pursue ' a better life — a truly Christian life,' If such resolves beget continued activity and a genuine consecration, and abiding dbedi ence to Christ's commands, a patient co operation with the Church in her self denying labors, and a hearty, joyful parti cipation in her ordinances and fellowship, then they possess 'the potency and promise of life.' They lead to a higher and purer life. They separate from the spirit and practices of the world. They soon lead the believer into the kingdom ' of righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost.' They transform drones and backsliders into genuine workers, and nerve them to aspire to become heroes on the battlefields of faith. But if resolves and vows bring forth no spiritual quickening, no genuine consecration, no transformation, they are only as dreams — illusions which Satan can well afford to hold in utter contempt. What We Look a moment at the _ . . . . Church's highest or deep Ought to be egfcneedS) aQd jefc ns al|j an 0- pastors and members alike try to see clearly what we ought to become and to do, in order that we may, by God's help, supply the fitting instru ments and resources to meet these necessities. The Church needs, in order to commend her to the world, that pro fessed believers should place a higher estimate upon Christian fellowship, and should be characterized by a genuine love for all saints ; that they should evince toward the unconverted of all lands a large measure of that love which brought the Divine Son to our world from the bosom of the Father ; that they should possess that oneness with Christ which is set forth in his words, ' I in them, and they in me ;' that they should seek earnestly, according to Christ's command, to fill the world with ' right eousness and peace and joy.' In other words, it is the real, profound need of the Church that her ministry and membership should possess the highest attainable spirituality, and from that standpoint should proclaim and practise the gospel of the grace of God. — F. S. Hoyt, in The Methodist Times. 