The Bishop of Bathurst and the Cnuncti OP E.NGLAXD. * THE following letter in reply., to Cardinal . Moran's sermon on tile "True Church," as published last issue, appears in the 'S. JI; Herald':- \ y IN common Avitli a large number of your Tenders I have been, looking for some episcopal reply to the aspersions cast on the Anglican Church bj- Cardinal Moran as ro \ . ?«arded in your issue of JEouday Inst. Up to the timo of writing this letter I have not discovered any, and therefore ara for tlio third time tukiug up tho defence of the Church, for to one who loves and reveres his Church silence in such a case appears to bo almost criminal. Had any other person 'than tko Cardinal made such charges they might have been left minot teed, but when promulgated- by- the --head* of~the Roman Church they assume an official character. I « notice at once that tho Cardinal's special friend, Henry Viii., tates bis usual promi aiont, 2iosition. It would appear as if his ghost haunted . tho Cardinal whenever' ho made any ref «.-ronce to the -Anglican Church, uud caused him ou tlie occasion to put a question which ho acknowledges to be "absurd," and to which he gives a still more remarkable reply when. ho -says that :' the Church of England "derived its authority from Henry TILL, who licensed ?tho;bishops to teach," the real fact being that tho Church of Euglaud remained the same Church, miutis the Pope and certain doctrines and practices of Home. She re- formed herself through her pira Convoca- tion : and as Fuller, the well-known his- torian, remarks, " Nothing was done in the reformation of religion save what was acted by the clergy in their^ convocation, or grounded upon some act of theirs precedent to it, with the advice, counsel, and consent of these bishops and most eminent church, ' men,' confirmed on the post-fact, and not , otherwise,-by the civil sanction according to the usage of the best and happiest times of Christianity." So much for the Cardinal's new history about the bishops^and his' .friend King Henry VJJJ..^ which must be relegated to the region of fable and romance. The next . part of his attack begin» -sith an assertion, that there are per : sons in high positions in the Church of Eng- land \rho are unsound in the faith, ' and hence that, " the Anglican Church had departed from Holy 4 Church, and had no apostolic authority." I am not concerned to deal -with the assertion at present, but in his haste to arrive at a con elusion injurious to/fhe Church of England j he has, unfortunately for him, got hold of a j most dangerous two-edged -weapon, for ' surely- he must know something ol the his- I tory of his own-Church, and if so cannot he unaware of what St. Hippolytus^who, ac- cording to Dr. Newman, was eminent as a j theologian, said about Pora CaJlistús, call- ing him a destroyer of Church discipline and heresiarch ex cathedra." The jame writer had a good deal to say about Zephy rinus also. " But even if we allow that to pass and accept a modern explanation of it, there can be no question about, the fall of Pope Liborius and his yielding to the Arians, treating the questions about our Saviour's person as matters regarding which opinions might be held without necessitating any breach of communion. Then there is Pope Zosimus, who only' escaped the stigma of heresy on the Pel- agian question through tho .firmness of the African bishops. ; Pope Honorius, too, con- demmed not merely by the Council, but by Pope Leo II., who thus writes :—'Honorius, who did not illuminate this Apostolic See with the doctrine of apostolic tradition, but permitted her who was undefiled to be pol uted by profane teaching." These are all historical facts regarding the Popes of Rome; if, therefore, the Church of England is to be cast out from her true position as a branch of Christ's Holy Church because there are—we have only the Cardinal's word for it-certain persons in high positions untrue to tho Catholic faith, what shall we say for the Church of Rome, which, if the Cardinal's argument is valid, must long ago have lost its apostolic authority from having such un- orthodox popes as those named ? Regarding the Cardinal's sneer at the Lambeth Confer- ence, I can nowhere find the expression ho makes use of in its authoritative documents, but, even if this, were so, it was, as one of those present said, " distinctly a conference for the free interchange of thought and opinion. . . It was in the region of moral and spiritual influence that its great strength lay, and none but those who had taken part in these meetings, could tell how helpful that influence was." At the con- clusion of his address tho Cardinal - has accidentally stumblod upon a great truth regarding which I am in full agreement with him when he says: "The Anglican Church from its very origin rejected the authority of St, Peter." By, "the authority of St. Peter " I presume he means the authority of the Pope ; although what the Pope has really to do with St. Potor more than.oQier portions: of the Catholic Church have I am at a loss to discover, seeing that it is exceedingly dif- ficult to prove that St. Peter, over was at Home," and still more so::that he was ever Bishop of Rome. As a well-known writer remarks: "It is towards the end of the second century. when the . time of Hornau Bishops comes: into clearer-historical h'gHt that we begin to,,discern . dimly ( the, first beginnings of the chtihvto be ëuccessorçjof^ StTPeier.'f Vnilst^ bishop of tlie Anglican' Church, well known for his " rich learning:," says, "Tho later Roman theory supposes that the Church of Home derives its authority from the Bishop'of Rome as the .successor.of ; St. Peter. History inverts this relation, and shows that the power of the Bishop of Rome was built upon tho 'power of the Church of Rome." Taking, fiowevor,! tho Cardinal's expression the "authority of St. Peter '.' to mean the authority of tho Pope of Rome, we havo only to look into tho history of the Church of England through long centuries the Cardinal'and I together' oarefully/exam- ined that some yoars ago-and see'how, in spite of most strenuous efforts made by'the' Popes of Rome constantly, to bring England fully under the power of Rome, kings, arch bishopk'and bishops; priests,'and Parliament as constantly/resisted this uutil at last, under God's good ^providence,. this .resistance cul- minated in tho Reformation/.-tke.final act of a long struggle, and tho Church bf England j emerged from'tho conflict purified, strength- ened, and invigorated ,#or lierJ-work, in tho ages to come, ? holding as firmlyas'eyer she did to tho Catholic truth ns expounded in the throe .groat creeds, having- "reformed herself because shó'lóvcd 'what wns'old, '. and did not love what was now." . ..'?", I aili' sorry that the Cardinal has chosen this -particular' season, of tho year, when pottco and goodwill should prevail, for his attack upon the ? Church of England, so utterly uncalled for. and so entirely'Vunpro voked, but of this I ani confident,- that; if ho would only act upon tho -advice I gave him at'the concludion of our last controversy, ; it would be tho better for both him-and Iiis Church. "Thero is something infinitely higher than tho rival claims of Churches,, viz., the promotion of a common Christianity nnd the well-bcing of ti country in which, by God's good providence, euch Church has its j place and ?.work." -I aiJi, "etc., I CiiAnrji.r. E. BATII;:¡:ST._I : Bisliopàcourti'IK^thm^t, J)ècombér 22. . NEVER DESPAIR of hi-iiia nb'o tn overcome tho troubles of this w..rM, for, they will .clisapp"iir Uko thnv before tho sun if \\\\\»r only-look them squarely in the face. If you aro nllected - with any bodily disease, ;;ive Holloa-ay's Pills and Ointment n tri»! ; tln»y will afford ppeodv rtsli'.f, and in time-affect a cu ru: ? They ar« thu best known remedies fur all complaints. ' Datins the summer months ninny peiiplu uro aWioti.-il with bowel nnd liver disordv-ri, diarrhea .'. oolie. low'fevers' i£c. ' TlifSo "rein^ilif"' ar« UM erru'allod in 'such ca4«'.«. noil should thereforf ht the" Vade Mecnm of ail who value sound heuitli. ! They may be procured .from all chemists and I medicino vondors- ... ,*. . t READ T^'o^liinstnn TL Soul «fe- Co's new adv«rtisAm*»nt in this ÎAMI».. I VVALLPAPBBS from'JJ>.|- per toll ' nt Roflvy'H Red HOIISA. Oilniid 'Ci'itrir- Store; "W"n-.dUrk-»tr^ot. For Burns and Scalds you .'iia'n't beut Mr». Askew'* Ointment: "Denr Alice.--I nm »nrry thnt vnr.r teeth do not fit!' Why'did yi'.n ' ii'nt rY>Yi¿nlr Mr. Eairleden. of the Lismore Dpn'nl ItWrittite? ' The set* of teer h.he'. . makes are nlwny.'perfi teeth without" pHln, and 'makeyon a set that looks quite natnral.". . , For influenza; bronchitis, asthma, and chest and ung troubles generali»" there is nothing like CavaMonsrVa Pnlwirrnin Balaam j " MrsAakcw's Ointment nt all Stores. ... ?' j Lance and" CoVhAre ' just" O peri ed up a splendid j range of Gents* and Boys' Waterproof Macintoshes' !" ot 12s 6d, 16s 9d, and 18s 9d-their own make. I 