ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. Wars of the Past, Present, and Future.— A Rejoinder to Mr. John Flanagan. (To the Editor oj the Rivcrme Grazier.) btr, — In a recent issue ot your paper there appeared a most extraordinary production from the fruitful peu pf Mr. Johu Flanagau, of Gunbar. I would not take any notice of his letter or its contents, but Mr. Flanagan being looked upon as a kind of infallible guide upon land matters, might be considered by some as au authority on subjects treated iu his letter, where his igmronee is simply profound, if not illimitable. When Mr. Flanagan confines his press communications and criticisms to the affairs of the Gunb.ir Selectors' Association ; to tho necessity for re-appraisement ; to fenoiug, tank-sinking, aud kindred subjects, of which he has sonic knowledge, he is travelling on fairly secure i ground. But when he rushes into print as a I Scriptural exegetist, a theologiau, a critic of the constitution and tho government of the Church, as an astrouomer, a historian, an exposer of Irish disloyalty ; uud though last not least, as an infallible authority to benighted Protest-mta andCaiholicb as to the true cause of the rise aud fall of nations, with all due respect to Mr. Flanagan it may well be said u Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.' It is said of the late Cardinal Newman — who, according to Mr. Gladstone, possessed the most analytical mind in Europe; in fact, the master mind of the earth — if asked his opinion on any subject, even those he was most conversant with, should he veuture u. reply at all it would be with the greatest diffidence and caution ; because one result of his vast and varied learning was to convince him how limited was his knowledge on any subject in com Sirison with what could be kno.vti of it. ul judgiug from the tone of his letter such is not the case with Mr. Flanagan ; he would fearlessly face a congress of the world's most eminent scientists, and like the celebrated doctor of the 14 Sarbonne,' iuform them that he was prepared without a moment's noticc to hold or defcud a thesis ou any couceivable subject. And from there he would proceed to a Genet al Council of the Bishops and Divines of tho Uuiversal Church, and lecture them and their august head as to the neces sity of changing the constitution of the Church, that the Catholic nations wore decaying under their benighted regime be cause they preferred to build churches and convents rather than ironclads and arsenals. And if that august body informed him that the Lord Himself fixed irrevocably the con stitution of His Church, his reply would be that it was there that the Lord and he dif fered. A little learning is a dangerous thing, Dritik deep or taste nob Pierian spring. If Mr. Flanagan would paste this couplet on his writing- desk, and try to grasp its mean ing, it miqht serve as a warning to him in future not to ruu the risk of exposing him self to ridicule by undertaking to enlighten the public on matters in which he shewed his own extreme iguoiance. Mr. Flanagan tells us u The Bible begins with an unuthema to those who misdoubt any one word of it.' After such a statement we may be prepared for anything he could possibly say, no matter how unreal or absurd. Oh ! shades of Pope Damasus St. Jerome, St. Augustine, Mal donaius, Cornelius A-Lapide Grotius, Estius Peconio, and Lightfoot, how is it ye and all the great Biblical scholars and commentators who preceded you, and all who have followed after you, should leave. it to John Flanagan of Gunbar the glory of having discovered what man never before did, that the Bible begins with an anathema agiinst those who misdoubt any one word of it. However, notwithstanding the mufcy miseries caused by prolonged droughts, grasshoppers, rabbit plagues, and so forth, there is a great bless ing we must all feel grateful for, and it is that Mr. John Flanagan, though he has cast the Bible overboard, yet, despite the magoi. tude of his lore, he tells us he still retains a beitet in tlie existence ot a supreme iieing, for which compliment to the Deity let the I angelic choirs sing a new hymn of praise. Amidst the rambling, incoherent statements in his letter, here and there Mr. Flanagan drngs in the subject of Irish disloyalty. Iu my humble opinion, he knows as much about the difference between true and false loyalty as a crow doos about the phases of the moon. Long before that 11 Bright occidental stur,' Mr. John Flanagan of Gunbar, ever saw the . light, the Irish were as they are to-day, as loyal a people as were to be found in any part of the world, aud were so by reason of their religion and despite the most fiendish persecutions. When Charles the First was chused from his throne, and hunted like a stag by bis English subjects, who seemed to thirst for his blood, Ireland was true and loyol to him thougn it had little reason to be to him or any of his breed except in obedience to the Divine precept of obeying even tyrants for conscience sake. And when his unfortunate son, James II., had to fiee from his throne, who amongst his subjects were found loyal, and who made a last struggle for him ? When the renowned Bishop of Kildare, Dr. Doyle, was examined before the House of Lords in London (I think it was in connection with the Emanci pation Act), and the question of loyalty cropped up, he was asked if war were to bieuk out between the then reigning Koman Pontiff (as King of the Pupal States) and his Majesty of England, what side would he take. The illustrious prelate, on oath, de clared that as a British subject he would be obliged, in conscience, if needs were to take up arms and fight for.hls sovereign and his country against the Roman pontiff. And have not %i the deeds that won the Empire' been accomplished in great part by bruveand skilful Irish geucrals. And at the very hour when the eyes of all nations are fixed on the British flag as it floats before the breeze in South Africa, and when temporary , defeat and disaster seems to have overtaken i it, who but two noble Irish generals, Lord I Roberts and Sir Herbert Kitchener, are sent | to raise it aloft again and carry it to victory. And if proof were needed, have not the i rivers of Irish blood that have flowed on many a battle-field for the past two hundred yeors been sufficient to establish the loyalty and devotion- of Ireland's sons, and that to sovereigns and governments that little de served it. An English paper, speaking of the Boer war says, ' Read over the names of the poor soldiers who have fallen iu the British ranks sincc tho war began, and you will find very few Chamberlains' or Rhodes' amongst them, but you will find any numbor of Kollys\ O'Gormans', O'Connors* and Ryans.' I am sorry it left out tho O'Fhuui guns'. Oh! this horrid lip loyalty which makes the very word loyal savor rankly in the nostrils of those who are conscientiously loyal. What has Mr. Flanagan to say of the 'disloyalty' of such illustrious statesmen as Mr. Morley and the leader of the Opposition in the British House of Commons, of Sir William Vernon Harcourt, and of such brilliant intellects as Herbert Spencer, Fiedcrick Harrison, Sir Edward Clarke, Phillip Stanhope, and several others who are as strongly opposed to the Boer war os Messrs. Davitt and Redmond. T Mr. Flanagan gives us to understand the Irish should be satisfied with the cruel martyrdom and all tho penal laws that have ever been enacted against them for three hundred years— laws which according to tho immortal Protestant statesman Burke, were ' th? most fiendish that ever pioceeded from tho perverted ingenuity of man.' With all this they should be content because thoy are a cou quered race. Well dono, Mr. Flanagan. And' if this be so, it is well the Boers should fight for their liberty whilo a shred of it remains, for, according to Mr. Flanagan, if the English conquer them, tho Boors shall havo to be content with being bunged, drawn, und quartered, aud thoso of them who may bo allowed to oxist shall havo to be satisfied, thoy and thoir poatority, for cen turies to come, with tho most diabolical penal laws. Mr. Flanagan tolts us the Catholic Church enjoys moro liberty under tho British ffag than anywhere outside it. Granting it may be so, here is a specimen of the glorious liberty aud British justice copiously doled out to Catholics in Iroland. Let us suppose four millions to bo the pre. sent population of Ireland ; of number ha)f a million are Protestant, and tbrao nnd ii half millions aro Catholic. It has been proved that Ireland pays millions of pounds annually to the English treasury in excess of her proportionate responsibility to tho ex penditure of the United Kingdom. And yet when three and a halt millions of Irish Catholits pray and petition for a Cutholic University to be built and maintained from tho excessive taxes they aro paying — a University where their children could receive a higher education without fear of proselyt ism or danger to their faith, they are rudely repulsed, and their petition reieated with scorn and contempt by justice-loving Protes tant England, while tho more handful of a Protestant minority have two magnificent Universities— Trinity College, Dublin, and Queen's Collego, Belfast — richly ondowod by tho taxes of a Catholic people ; and in addition to tho Universities named the Protestant minority havo also at their dis posal the Queen's Colleges in Cork and Galway- Oh ! if the position was vice versa what a howl of righteous indignation would resound from one end of the British Empire to tho other, and justly so, too. Even th« very anti-Catholic Mr. Balfour hangs his head with shame to think that at the end of this enlightened age England scill persecutes the Irish on nccouutof their faith. Agoin, a Jew, a Turk, or infidel may be LordLieu tenant of Catholic Ireland, but no Catholic dare hold the o (fi.ee, and Protestant, members of tho British House of Commons, as late as last year, refused to repeal that infamous penal law. It is also a well-established fnlpt that all tho Government offices and positiorts of emolument in Catholic Ireland aro filled by Protestants even if they have to be im ported from England. Over every Govern ment office door in Ireland might be written the words, ' No Catholic need apply.' And yet Mr. Flanagan wonders why every man (and I supposo woman, too) in Ireland, at the first sound of war does not shouldor his pike and be off to tho Transvaal to fight f jr Mr. Chamberlain. Yes, the Irish Jatholics have nothing to complain of ; they enjoy perfect freedom — certainly that freedom which has been theirs for centuries, that of continuing in the land of their birth, hewers of wood and drawers of water — slaves for all time. And after having writhed for centuries under the lash of the most remorseless and hell-born persecutions, aud been robbed of. tho magnificent cathedrals, churches, and seats of learning erected by tho faith and generosity of their forefathers, because forsooth at tho end of the nineteenth century, for very shame sake, if for no other reason, Irish Catholics are permitted to build churches in which to wor ship God according to their conscience, for such an extraordinary and Heaven born favor Mr Flanagan gives us to understand every Irish Catholic should be ready to crawl on his hands and knees to lick the feet of Euglish statesmen. However, I imagine most Irishmen will be satisfied to leave the licking business to Mr Flanagan if he cares for it — he would seem to have done a fair share of it in h»s letter. In his letter, Mr Flanagan speaks of ' the Pope, the priesthood, and the Catholic Church in any thing but flattering and complimentary terms. In fact, having read his letter, if I did not know the writer, I would have said to myself what a splendid advance agent the writer of that letter would make for an anti'Catholic lecturer, for the same old musty calumnies on which they eternally harp are to be found in this letter— namely, the things the Pope andhia clergy would do if they had the power ; the progress of Pro testant nations us compared with Catholic nations ; the decline of papal influence ; and how any country that still acknowledged the Pope's jurisdiction was fast going to pieces — for instance, Spain. However, Mr Flanagan says he means no offence ; such let ! me tell him is the language of every opponent —they don't speak to hurt anybody, but their love of truth and justice compels them to pive to the world their views on that ter rible institution tho Church of Rome. Mr Flanagan says if the Pope and his clergy got the chauce they would empty the Govern ment treasuries for their own ends. Well, not being a prophet like the man of Gunbar, I cannot say what the Pope and priesthood would do if they got at the treasuries, but I can tell what the wicked old man and his bishops and clergy and laity are doing, without having any finger in the treasury pie at all. France, though ruled unfortunately by a government which in great part is in fidel, is still Catholic to the core. And here ! is how the clergy and religious orders rob the State. In France, there aro twelve hun dred religious congregations, composed of i thirty thousand men, and one hundred and fifty thousand women, who sacrifice their lives on the altar of religion for tho benefit of humanity. Ihey educate over two mil lions of children in their schools, in addi tion to Bixty thousand orphans ; und in their hospitals for the sick, aud hospices for the dying, and their homes and refuges for the. poor and destitute, they maintain over two hundred and fifty thousand per sons. If. tho State had to educate these two [ millions of children, and take charge of that indigent mult tude, numbering over three hundred thousand souls, it would cost the treasury hundreds of millions of francs an nmillv. vpf, tho nhnrnh whinh takes f.hia enormous responsibility from the shoulders of the state receives from the budget not one single sou. In the United States of Amer ica there are between two and three million children educated at the sole expense of the Catholic Church, and the number of sick and poor, homeless, and destitute that is main tained by the samo church without a single dollar from the treasury, runs into tens of thousands, and beyond it. Even in, Aus tralasia there are over one hundred ' thou sand children educated by the Catholic Churoh without receiving ono farthing from tho treasury purse. If the different govern ments had to educate this hundred thousand children, it would cost them about four hundred thousaud pounds annually. Even in tho very parish of which I have charge, the Catholic School would cost the Govern ment'£800 a year. And the Catholic Church though but yet in its infancy in Australia, is it not a network of charitable andbeneyo lent institutions, thus relieving the State of its just obligations to the extent of hun dreds o£ thousands of pounds annually. And tho same thing goes on in every part of the globe. It is in this way the Pope and his priesthood and laity rob the treasuries. And so unselfish are the governments of tho world, they seem in no liurry evidently to put a stop to this kind of theft. So, accord ing to Mr John Flanagan, the church's days arc over, the hand writing has already ap peared on the wall, and evidently tho Gun bar prophet is the Daniel who is called ou to interpret it. That church which accord ing to Macauloy and Hallam is tho only bridge left still stauding which spanned the great chasm between the ancient civilisation and tho new ; that church whioh drew Europo out of heathenism and barbarism into tho effulgent light of the Gospel ; that church that Qhristiani'4od and civilised the fierce Hun, the savage Goth, and tho blood thirsty Vandal ; that church which with in finite pains and labor preserved and trans mitted to us the priceless literary treasures of ancient Greece and Rome ; that church which is to-day and ever has been tho fos tering bountiful patron of tho arts and sciences ; that church which built and en dowed all the great schools and universities and magnificent cathedrals of Europo, in fact of tho world — sho will soon havo to make her bow on tho world's stacce, and re tire. For, according to' Mr Flanagan, the Catholic nations aro decaying, and the Pope, oncc tho ruler of millions, onco tho arbiter of nations, finds no footing excopt in Spain, but Spaiu too is about to give up tho ghost, because, as Mr Flanagan gives us to under stand, tho Popo has moro jurisdiction thoro than elsowhoro— a fact wholly unknown to tho Pontiff himself, And when in a fow years Spain will bo no moro, and the Popo's work will bo finished, his Holiness will then havo to u hump his bluoy,' and having learned what a loyal aud devoted son ho has in John Flanagau, of Gunbar, wo may hear of tho august stranger inquiring at tho Twenty Mdo Gums tho road to ' Rook wood,' Lot mo inform Mr Flanagau that tho Catholic Churoh is not oonfinod to ono, or two, or twonty natians; but extends to the uttermost bounds of tho earth* And Itt him try and aadsritund that iti wiyn't commercial success Christ promised to His followers. Aud before he prefers againot tho Pope and prio^thood ugaiu such a dread ful charge as he did in his famous letter, that they put tho salvation of souls before all thing.?, let him ponder over these words, and ask himselt Who spoko them, ' What doth it profit a man to gain tho whole world and suffer tho loss of his own soul' ; aud again, u Seek first the kingdom of God and His justice, and all thiugs else will be added unto you.' And instead of tho Church dying of senile decay, and the papt»cy having dwindled down to a mere shadow, which is now reflected in uo country,- except on the hillsides of Spain, lot mo give Mr Flanagan a truo state of tho case which contrasts very unfavorably with tho picture he has drawn, and if he doubts iny statements I would ad vise him to read a most interesting article by that celebrated English writer, Mr Hurrel Mallock, which appeared iu the No vember number of the Nineteenth Century. Mr Mallock is a Protestant, or rather an agnostic, hence hi-3 testimony is all the freer from prejudice. Mr. Mullock has made the Catholic Church a life long stndy from every point of view, conse quently, no one is more qualified to writo on that subject. His recent article in the November number of tho Nineteenth Gentttry has attracted great attention in England. Instead of church and papacy fulling into decay, let me assuie Mr. John Flanagan that never since the day. when Sr. Peter set up his throne and that of his successors on tho banks of the Tiber, was the numbers of the church's children so great as they are at this present hour, when, according to a well-known German statistician, they amount to three hundred and twenty uvl lions. At all events, they range from two hundred and fifty to three hundred millions. And never in her whole existence was her missionary spirit and enterptise so great ; her bishops, priests, and religious orders of men and women are to bo found in great numbers in every country under Heaven, from the walls of Pekin to the land of the E^quimo, working for God and humanity with a zeal and self-sacrifice that commands the admiration oi tue unuren s uicieresi enemies. And never at any period of her history were her educational, charitable, and benevolent institutions so uumerous and so well organised. And never before was the bond of unity between the august hoa I of the Church so powerful as at present. And never did there sit in thechuirof St Peter uny of his successors mo»*e revered aud beloved by all nations, pagan as well as christian, as the great Pope Leo XIII. All the sovereigns and Governments of world vie with eachother in doing him honor and reverence. Even the warrior-hearted Emperor of Germany not only revers, but affectionately loves Leo XIII. Every time he visits the august prisoner of the Vatican, and especially since he became Emperor, wheu he kneels at the feet of the saintly aged pontiff to kiss the venerable hand that bears thq fisherman's ring he seems to be quite overcome by af fectionate emotion. Some months ago, when' the life of the venerable pontiff was quiver ing in the balance, in a few days, forty-eight thousand telegrams were ppured into the Vatican from all parts of the world, making anxious inquiries after the health of His Holiness, aud there was no one showed moro anxiety for the recovery of the august patient than the noble sovereign lady that rules these reulms. When the Pope's episcopal jubilee was celebrated, a few years ago, the aged pontiff — the uncrowned monarch of three hundred millions of subjects — sitting under the mighty dome of St. Peter's gazed on a congregation of one hundred thousand persons, who were admitted by ticket on that occasion into t!,e mistress and quven of all churches. At that solemn hour the Pope wus surrounded not only by the Prircss of the [Church and Bishops from every nation under Heaven, but also by am bassadors from all the sovereign « and Govern mcnts of the world, bearing rich presents and messages of love and reverence to the great successor of the Blessed Peter. Oh J what a subject to inspire the pen of . Lord Maculiy. Would lie not be constrained to to repent again in even more emphatic terms than he well nigh 50 years ago — 41 She saw the commencement of all Governments and ecclesiastical establishments that now exist in the world, and we have no assuranco that she is not destined to see the end of them all. Aud she may still exist in undiminished vigor when some traveller from New Zealand shall, iu the midbt of a vast solitude, take his stand on a broken arch of London Bridge to sketch tho ruins of St. Paul's.'— -Yf-urs, etc., M. J. TREACY, V.G. The Presbytery, Deniliquin, Dec. ,20 1899. 