DYING NATIONS. How Einpiro is Affeeted by the Climate. . A nation (according to the. "Daily Mall") \ only lives a few thousa'nd years. Look at tho gtout nations of 4000 years ago. Egypt,-' Yu catan, Mexico, Peru, Assyria, arc all dead ana burled. China Is only staying alive to save funeral expenses.' The next generation of nutlonB Included home anu ureeco, ana tneso are use guivun- iHhed ghosts. The third generation, the Turks, Aloors, Spunlards, Moguls. Dutch, ami Scandinavians nro alive, but have lost thelv power. From this you will see that the nations In hot countries die und stay dead. The nations of cold countries rise, become great, fall, lose ihulr outlying dominions, uml yet stay alive. That is because the land does not lapse Into Jungle like L'eyiun and Yueutun, or change Into desert like Assyria iintl Egypt, but re mains fertile, providing plenty of food. Now to apply these facts. Great Britain, the United States, Russia, and Gefmuny are gaining lu population, wealth, and power, but the British empire Is extending more ra pidly Ulan any one ofthetn. Compare her with France, for instance. A couple of cen turies iiko. when France owned most of North America, nnd wits founding a vast . empire in tiidla. Purls was bigger than London, nml whs tho capital of the civilised world. To-day Paris has 2,500,600 people, and Is llio capital of the arts and fashion. llus London lum 5,000,000 souls, and has taken the place of Purls as metropolis of the world. The British Empire Is growing, arid It will keep on growing, along tho lines of least re sistance. At tho present rntu the whole lunil surface of the planet will ho absorbed by tho your 2340 A.D. But us Greater Britain grows It comes Into closer contact with the boun- dni'tcB of the United Stales, Russia, and Ger many. Even If we could, we Imve no wish to Hwullmv these or uny oilier decently-governed countries. The United States, Russia, Germany, and Japan are playing the same game. The Bri tish Empire Is nearly as large as the four combined. As England docs not wish lo con quer the well-governed countries, t„e urea open to annexation may be diminished hy half. In thut case all the world will he properly governed hy the year 2012 A.D. So In 113 years from the present rime the British Empire inttsi slop spreading for lack of room on the planet. Even then it will grow In wealth nnd population, hut mean while these llllle Islands nre getting very old. Sooner or Inter we may feel the weak ness of age, and be no longer able to light for our possessions: our colonies may cut adrift from us: the conquered cnuntr'es like liuliiL inuy revolt. If nil thin should happen, lis politicians of it pessimistic temperament arc already predicting. It would on!.v be a raise of history repJnl.lng Itself. How long Will that he? Well, Rome rose iii 400 years, as we did. and look a 'housand years to decline. Our Empire Is Infinitely greater, stronger, and more loyal than the Roman. Suppose we say 1500 yen i'B before the Little England pnrty wins a general election, and little England Is a soeond-elass Power, us she wits In the days of Henry VIII.? 