SOME CHOSTLY LECENDS. HAUNTED PLACES. The remarkable story of the apparition at Berry Pomeroy Castle, near Totnes, appears to be authentic,, and is well known in the West of England. The legend runs that in the latter part of the last century Dr Walter Farquhar, who was then at Torquay, was called to the Castle to attend the steward's wife. On his arrival he was shown into a room on the ground floor and asked to wait a moment. After some minutes had elapsed he grew impatient, and arose to question a female who had opened a side door and was walking across the room. His surprise, however, was great when he noticed her manner and garb. She was dressed in rich attire, but in an ab solutely out-of-date costume, and wrung her hands in a pitiful manner-her face evincing signs of great distress. She walked to the flight of oak staTrs and, quickening her pace, disappeared. At that moment the steward entered the room, and announced that his' wife was ready to see him. Dr Farquhar found his patient dang erously ill, and he was so much engross ed with the case that he forgot, ere he left the building, to question the stew ard as to the young lady in the curious dress he had seen. On the following day he found his patient much improved, and remembered to ask the steward about the mysterious. young lady. ,As the doctor recounted his experience the poor fellow showed unmistakable signs of fear and trembling, and told the Doc tor that now he was sure his wife would soon die, as the spectre was the spirit of the daughter of an early owner of the Castle who had murdered her child, and had since appeared as an omen foretell ing the death'of an inmate. Dr Farqu har quickly gave the steward every as surance of his wife's turn for the better, and that'he thought she would continue to improve,but 'the credulous old steward would not hear of it. The next day the Doctor called at the Castle, and was as tounded to find' that his patient had died soon after he' left the place the pre ceding day. The most strange part'of the story is to come. After an interval of several years, Dr Farquhar' was well known In London as Sir Walter Farquhar (1796). and could count among his clients and friends certain members of nobility and Royalty. One day a lady came to him in great distress, saying her sister was ill, and appeared to be wasting away, and that on being questioned, she was most emphatic in saying she saw a ghost when visiting in Devonshire some weeks before, which had left such an impression upon her, that do what she would she could not shake it off. The lady further said that the spectre ap peared . at Berry Pomeroy Castle, at which Sir Walter started, told his ex periences, anid requested to see the young lady immediately, whom he found suffering as described. The poor girl appeared greatly relieved to be speaking to some one who shared her uncomfort able experience, and, it may be added, soon regained her usual health. Sykes Lumb Farm, near Blackburn, Lancashire, has a well known reputa tion for being haunted. The house it self is a very primitive dwelling, built of large, roughly hewn blocks of coarse limestone, having a lonely situation in a secluded dell by the,banks of the Mel ler Brook. Several parties have assert ed that they have seen an old wrinkled woman pass along the road which led to the Lumb, but were so afraid that they never dared to question her. It came to pass that a young farmer occu pied the premises, and on seeing the "ghost" one night beneath an old apple tree in the orchard he accosted her, when she pointed to the ground. The young man dug and soon came upon a number of earthenware jars containing ancient gold and silver coins of pounds value.' After this night it is said the old dame has not troubled the country folk so much. Heath Old Hall, near Wakefield, York shire. also has its ghost. This mansion is a splendid pile of the Elizabethan pe riod.' and the windows were formerly. emblazoned with the arms of some of the chief of England's nobility. In 1593 William Witham, who was in possesion, was suddenly taken ill and died. A later owner of the Hall was a sister of With am's--Lady Mary Bolles-a strong minded woman, who was locally known as "Old 'Mother Hubbard," and who, it is recorded, died in 1662 at the age of eighty-three. Tradition says this lady's spirit still haunts the place. Her favor ite spot seems to be the old banquetting hall, where she has been seen to glide along in a most mysterious fashion. This ghost is also reported to have walked in Heath Grove; but was afterwards con jured down into a hole of. the river, which is even to this day known as "?olles' Pit." There is a strange story of the super natural in connection with Hackwood House, an old mansion near Basing stoke, in the shape of the ghost of a young lady. said to have been murdered there. She was seen soon after the house was purchased by Lord Bolton, by Lord folton himself and two of his friends. The ghost of Barbara Villiers, Duchess of Cleveland. is said to haunt W-alpole House, Chiswick Mall, and her spirit ap pears at short intervals at a bedroom window in the upper part of the house, wringing its hands and beseeching some unknown person to "Give her back her lost beauty."--"Royal MIagazine." 