THE PRINCE OF FAIRY STORY TELLERS. From Little Folks. (Condensed and Simplified by B.R.H.) We are told that children do not care for fairy tales that they no longer believe in them, because the children of to-day are so wide awake that they are, as old women and i men are supposed to ;bc,. 'tired of to-; niance ; they have no imagination, they : can t u mak,orbeUeve”i any longer. The' i toll, tell you that ■ Cinderella never wore a: J r tliirfe.xate a‘ pumpkin . cannot , change into a. cb.ach and : Thumb neyoriexistoS : that! JacK and the Beanstalk is only .a.-story, and very silly.' The.little people who say such: tilings are silly, because they don’t .know. ’ forih/Miy, idtoihoyr dull this world would be without romance. . How very dull! and stupid itliose peoi)]e:aro who'don’t he heve, in tales J; ; • , ' must Have heard the savins that truth is stranger than fiction,” anil so i l ®'"'''- Some people’s lives are .almost like. Hahs Andersen, the prince of fairy story-tellers, of whom you hnve Jall heard, r ; ;saysMy life’,; is a lovely story, happy, and full of incident. If, when I was ...v,> j y» and went forth into theworld poor saidj -’Choose through life, and the object for which thou .wilt strive, and I will guide and defend thicc'tb'its at tainment, my fate-could not have, been di rocted more happily, wisely or better," Now, tins is a great.thing to say; but AWchWn 1 was a grca’c, good man, with a, childlike naV ture, not that of a worldly, disbelieving old man who u wa» tiHs of, .wetything and bo h.-ved m nothing. His imagination caused him to see things that no one else' saw... He P 1 poet-; that is,’.he had the.art; of em ploying words in such. a . manner, as to pro due© a picture on the mind ; ho painted in worila just as a painter jiamts in toldrs. This.. 130I 30 . 8 , nature made him very happy in ‘spito of poverty and much hardship, and, best of all, he attained every -wish, till his life iead -a fairy tale!- ' This is part of it, :,—. Once upon a time there lived in Denmark a poor farmer, who hod- many misfortunes. His crops were bad, his cattle *died, his farm stead was burnt down, and helbst his Vca eon. Hia^wife ’then tookii.br poor husband and little son. to the small town of Odense, and there she settled in a tiny house, which was all that remained to them. ; She was employed to look after the garden belonging to a lunat’.c asylum, and she apprenticed her son to a shoemaker. Now- the son was a very intelligent young man, and;iiis great longing was to go to; school and. learn Latin, but instead he was otdiged; to! make shoes. When he was twenty-two' he raarriedand started housekeeping in one room, and with, no other funiitoro than a shoemaking bench, a chair or two, and a few poto and pans and a 'bedstead,, which ho : had made out of the /ramo. which had borne the coffin of a dead cotmt when ‘ he ; Joy in, t?tato. Hero a little baby was ' born, . whose name ivto,, Hatis, Christian , Anderson, and there the, h'ttlo family lived happily for many years. In a little garden on the roof fancy a garden, on a roof!—Mr.’b, Anderson used to grow hor vegetables. The Prince of Pairy- Story Tellers tells: us about it in fhb ”£>now Queen/' -What can be more ro mantic than a garden on fclie roof,. where pea Plants hung down all over the large box tlijit formed the garden, whore rose-bush a mingled their branches into a kind of iriu’m phal arch; and. the two children, whose names in the , fairy . tale wore, Gorda .and Kay-~thot’is, Hans and the neighbor's .jittle girl—used to./sit upon their tiny stools and dress dolls. In the winter evenings when Jack Frost came,, they could not sit out upon the roof; and then Hans Anderson’s father used to make him nujipeto-shows and theatres, and would read plays to him. Once a year they 'wont to' supper at the House of Correction, Hans Would eat no supper because'two! <if tlio : prisoners waited upon them, he . usetl to like to listen to the men tungingi; and to.thc'whirr of wo men’s spinning wheels. After a. time the young shoe-maker went to be a soldier, hop ing to return a lieutenant. Little Hans was ill with the measles, and his father passion ately kissed him farewell, and was followed to t£e city gate by his weeping wife. But his regiment got no farther than Holstein ; peace was concluded and the soldier re tuir.od to his shoemaking. Then Hans'got' well, mid played with his dolls and acted his plays in German, because he liad only seen them in that language. Thou tho father fell ill, and Hans was sent by his mother to consult a wise Woman. Sho told him to go home by the river. “If your father is to (Uo tins time you will See ; his ghost-'' Tht poor little boy was very frighened ; but, oi. course, ho saw nothing, and so his ,mothcr : was satisfied. Bub after all his-father died two days later. .. After this Hans was -very much alone, because his mother had to earr Afe tins time ; lur became acoiiaint ed’ with a clergyman's widow, who told him' .what ft; poet was, and lent .him to read.: Then he took to writing’ playt •which the neighbors mode fun of. ! - How-, his mother comforted him, ,and he wrote another with a king and, quccbin it. Hans, when a boy, had ft; beautifuls.voice.) and ove'rybne liked to hear limi- sing, so he thought ho. , would like it' cul tivated, and toftor 'he had left: tho littlo school to wliioh ho was sent he. persuaded his mother) not to apprentice him; to a tailor, but to let him go to Copen hagen and seek his fortune. Ho was then only 14, and when he reached the city he \- called on Madame Scliall, a dancer.' he had soon in the theatre at Odense. He told her ho wanted to act, and he. took off his boots 5 and,, began to dance and sing. This so alarmed tiioiady thhti sho. thought him mad, and got rid of him ns soon as she could. Then ho went to tho manager of a theatre' and asked for a place. ■ . The man laughed,! and said ho was too. tliin. *Gh," said Am dersen, “i e yon will engage nio at one hund red rix dollars I shall soon ge'o fat.” The; manager told him that they only engaged' potiple of education, and poor Hans was very much hurt :He knew no one in the city- to give him .hope, or consolationj so he .said,. '‘Heath. - is ;thc dnly 'thing, and / the best unng for me.” ; , Then lib wept .and prayed, to Godj, for ho said; to himself “When; everything happens quite miserably then He s p nds help ; peoplc :nust fireJc of. all suffer a great deal' before they can accomplish any thing.” ' This is very true, but-God only helps those who- help themselves by indus try and patience.. Hans worked very hard ;: his voice Was cultivated, for he foimd friends, bat want and exposure caused hihi lo lose; it, and then he was recommended to Fredc; rick VI. of Denmark, who granted him a; sum of mqney for some years that hb ; might bo instnicted in the Grammar School abSla gelle. ■, . ;• -•■ There he took his place araongsfc tho smal lest boys,' but it Was the first rung, of the ladder by which lib chmbed! ; ttofame and for tune,. , ( , ..., . 