THE DEBATES IN THE HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26. Third reading. .. The Hon. W. B. RQUNSEVELiL, in ris ing to oppose the third reading, recog nized that the matter had been fairly well thrashed out, and therefore he did not pro r e to occupy the time of the House any great length. At the same time, it was necessary to emphasize the points of disagreement he had with the Bill, and to put one or two fresh ones to the House. Every reading and thoughtful man in the province must have been struck with the great prominence social problems had re ceived throughout the world during the past few years. All classes of literature had taken the subject up, the Press had teemed with articles on it, and various Parliaments had occqpied their time in consideration of social questions. South. Australia had not escaped!. . Our colony was founded in no or dinary way. South Australia was originally established by men who were philanthro pists, and lovers of freedom—men who saw the disadvantages under which the. great masses of people in Great Britain and Europe laboured, . and who thought and hoped to establish a country in Australia free from this thraldom. The early pioneers migrated here actuated and filled as much with a love of religious and social freedom, and imbued with reli gious sentiment far stronger than that con nected with mere commercial enterprise. Many of the early colonists came from the west of England and Scotland, and were filled with the Old Puritan spirit, and an intense love of liberty and freedom, and no doubt the freedom to be enjoyed under the Constitution attracted people from other lands, and in great numbers their fellow colonists from Germany; and, recognising that, the descendants of those early pioneers — whose chief characteristic was their love of freedom, social, political, and commercial, found that throughout South Australia the most marked characteristic was the love of fair play. When social pro blems were presented to them they were ever ready and willing to consider them, and to bring unprejudiced minds to bear with regard to them, untrammelled by an cient custom or older methods. During the last five or six years they had presented to them with great persistency, and in some cases, with an amount of force, the extreme views of the Socialists, and they must re cognise that' the effect of that had been for the Parliament itself to have socialistic ten dencies. The legislation had been in that direction. He did not think any one who Was capable of forming an opinion with re gard to the position of the body of la ourers throughout the world would deny that in South Australia the position of the great bulk of the labourers had been more improved than in any other country in the world. No doubt some persons in the colony had seen with pleasure, many, he re gretted to say, with indifference, and others with alarm, the constant advance of the so cialistic doctrines. Some of those had been incorporated in the legislation of the colony, some with advantage, others with disadvantage. The advance of those doc trines culminated in Australia in the exodus which was led by Mr. Lane to New Australia in South Africa. Mr. Lane was a thoroughly honest man, who fervently be lieved in the sentiments he uttered and his propositions. No doubt he was an enthu siastic idealist, but the effect of his speak ing to the people throughout Australia led to an exodus. It was unnecessary for him to follow the history of that new departure, because it proved, like every other one of which history afforded an example, an absolute failure. The Bame spirit had been moving in Pouth Australia, and they had seen die effects of it in the institution of our village set tlements. These had cost the country some £100,000, and 'had proved from every point of view an absolute failure. (The Gommis sioner of Crown Lands—"No, quite the re verse.") He did not set lhimself up as the highest compendium of knowledge, like the Commissioner of Crown Lands, but the fact remained that wihon any unprejudiced mind saw the results of that expenditure and looked at the position of the settle ments to- day, it must admit that whether from a sentimental or a commercial point of view, those settlements had been an absolute failure. If they were to be con tinued they would cost the country a great deal more money. The great ideal of the Labour Party was conceived in countries altogether different to those which had been established or settled by the Anglo-Saxon race. That ideal was not an equal opportunity to employ their ta lents to the full, to spend their earnings as they might wish, but was an altogether different proposition. It was the enjoy ment of an equal division of all goods irre epective of how they might have been ac cumulated or acquired. The ideal was a communistic one. No doubt it was a great and lofty ideal, but it was impossible of attainment. Bellamy's "Looking Back ward" might be taken as embodying the great central ideal of this forward move ment. This great ideal, this socialistic and Labour Party were too wise to thrust bold ly to the front and to publicly advocate. Privately many of them did—(Mr. Copley —"Hear, hear")—and they honestly believ ed it to be the wisest course for this and every other country to adopt. (Mr. Ba.t chelor—"You advocate it and we will go with you.") But they exercised a great deal of wisdom, cunning, and forethought, because, under the Fabian policy of little by little, step by step, they were trying to remove the whole foundations. The pil lars of the tabernacle they tried to remove, and the old constitutional landmarks and safeguards were one by one being whittled away. Finally, they would see, if they had their way, one class politically dominant in this colony and everywhere else, and that a mass directed in the same manner as the Secret Ten directed the policy of Venice. They saw that one party aiming at the domination of all political rights and powers, and that party was being dominat ed and directed in secret. (Mr. Batchelor— "By whom?") He did not know. If Mr. Batchelor told them everything, they would know. They saw that party in this and the other colonies day by day voting solidly, no matter what arguments were employed, at the direction, so far as he knew, of the se cret councils of that party. That was the Trades Hall Party, which dictated to its members and to the Government what they should do. That in itself was a threatened danger not only to the Government of the country, but also to the liberty of every one in it. To-day they saw by every effort put forth by the Government, directed by the Iabour Party, that they were entrenched agamst the Constitution—one of the freest and best in the world. If the Bill became' law, the' Constitution-would be overthrown.' The Cowernment were being directed by the LabourParty- (The Attorney-General— "Nothing of the sort/') The Government .were bound hand.and foot to the La- bour "Party, and they had declared that the Bill was 'only a halting-place. That party dared not at first tell the people what they were driving at "or what they wanted. They merely said it was to enable a man and his wife to have a vote. They did not recognise at that time the ultimate goal—adult suffrage. (The Attorney-Gene ral—"Oh, yos; I did.") It had been put by the Treasurer that this was not the halt ing-place, and several members of the La bour'Party. had also blurted it out. (Mr. price—"There is no secret about it.") They wanted only one House represented by adult suffrage. (Mr-. Soloifton—"And on the population basis.'*) Yes. They wanted to undermine the Constitution, and say that those who did not pay faxes should have some voice in the disposal of the taxes. Loot at the speeches of Mr. Bat chelor. They all trended in one way—that the party to which he belonged should dominate the legislation in the Upper House, the same as was done there. Mr. Batchelor was the mouthpiece of the party, and he (the speaker) could not forget the very severe and bitter attack he made the previous week on Mr. Wood. Mr. Batche lor had said "everything" was in the Bill. He recognised that, too, for by that Bill the Labour Party would have control of both Houses, or they would wipe away one al together. The members of that party all sang the same song, led by Mr. Batchelor, who led . the orchestra. Now people were beginning to see the effect, for if ten peo ple lived in separate rooms of a ten-roomed house they would all be entitled to have a vote. Possibly they might find twenty in the ten rooms. (The Treasurer—"But it is not a separate room; it is a separate dwelling.") The farmers and producers were beginning to realize What the exact position was. What became of the won derful piece of sentiment of the Trea surer's—"Look at the faces of your friends and neighbours. Are they not as wise, as honest, as patriotic as you?" If they were as wise as Socrates or an Archibald, as honest as Diogenes or the Treasurer, or as patriotic as Q. Curtius or the Attorney General, that had nothing to do with the question. When they did not add to the resources of the country and the stability of the place they should not have a vote for the Council. They had the privilege of sending men to the Assembly, but, with regard to the election for the Council, it was an inalienable right which belonged to the taxpayers. The Labour Party wanted a remission of the Customs duties, and the deficiency, in their opinion, should be made up by a tax on land. They wanted abso lute control placed in the hands of one class that contributed little or nothing to ' the sum total. The Government only had one policy—the policy of the Labour Party. (The Treasurer—"But you cannot touch 'Customs and Excise after federa tion.") The Government only had the one policy, and the people were beginning to see this. When speaking with Mr. Bandy side the other day that gentleman asked what would be the result if every Tom, Dick, and Harry could go into a District Council and determine the amount of rates that should be levied, and as to how, when, and where it should be raised? He replied to Mr. Handyside that there was a far more absurd thing in the face of the House hold Suffrage Bill before the Assembly. Mr. Gordon and Mr. Glynn had demonstrated that the Council had never been guilty of obstruction. They had shown that that Chamber had accepted the most democratic measures, when they knew that the tax payer desired it. The Council did not know the opinion of the taxpayers on that Bill, for they had had three different propositions before them by the Government during the last two years. The Bill, if passed, was im potent for good and pregnant with ill, and was likely to arouse class animosity, just at a time when they should be calm, in order to make the necessary alterations to the Constitution under federation. The Legislative Council was not to be coerced and bullied, and they were not with bated breath to ask "What is the sweet will of the Trades Hall Party," that they might hasten to obey. They had to represent the electors who returned them. (The At torney-General—"And are, they not bound to the will of the people?") Certainly, when they knew what that will Was, but they had not had an opportunity so far. He tooic it that they were as wise, as. honest, and as patriotic as the Attorney-General and the Treasurer, and they would do their duty as they had done it before. Why, lie asked, had the Government introduced that Bill, and why had the Attorney-General and the Treasurer been gallivanting and slumping the country, and making speeches. He did not think it was for the love of household suffrage, and he thought the Attorney-General would admit that it was to pay the Labour Party the debt he owed them for his last election, and the great support they had given him. It was to give them the power to hold a Damoelean sword over the head of the Council. That was his opinion, and anybody who ran could read 'the same. Perhaps the Attor ney-General was alive to the sense of fa vours to come, and why should there be all this pother and turmoil? They were looking forward to an early realization of the aspirations of the continent when, in the eloquent words of Gavan Duffy, they would see "the birth of a fairer Athens and a freer Rome," and he opposed the Bill because he felt that it was pregnant for ill and had been fought out so strongly by the Government to give the domination of one class over South Australia. It was unjust; it would give the power of taxation and dis quisition into tlhe hands of those who con tributed little or nothing to the revenue, and it would give the Government power to destroy tlhe Legislative Couucil, one of the strongest and best branches of Legisla ture in tne province. Mr. HANDYSIDE said that the Bill had been before the House for three months, and though he would not call it a waste of time, veiy able speeches having been made on both sides, be was sure that the talking had not altered a single Yote. Mem bers had Just returned from the electors, and their minds were made up. No doubt what had been given away by the Gover ment had opened the eyes of many people in the country. On the first occasion the Ministry went to the country they advo cated a £15 franchise. They left that last year and brought in household suffrage, and went to the country on it this year. They had since been told what the intention of the Government was to be if household suffrage were carried. The Treasurer had told them that that was only the thin end of the wedge of adult suffrage, and had the country known that such was the im tention of the Government the referendum vote would not have been the same as it was. The Premier liad been in no, hurry to pass the Bill, but had rather encouraged the talking. The Premier could have closed the debate at any time he pleased, but the Premier ^ thought that by continuing the talking, by- having the speeches circulated tuvupibut ihe country in "both daily papers, and by baineelf and the Treasurer going about spouting-and abusing the Coun oill Ind all who were opposed to the pro posal he would arouse a certain amount pi excitement ana enthusiasm. - But Mr. Kingston had been unsuccessful in his en deavour. The Premier had hot aroused a: particle of enthusiasm.' He understood that the.Premier was going to hold' forth in his (Mr. Handyside's) district. He was welcome to go, but he was not afraid that the Premier would do anything that he j said he would do. At the eight-hours social the Premier, speaking -of the Legislative' Council, said that "whom the gods wished to destroy they first -made mad." Evi dently; from the speeches of some of the supporters of the Government, they were : the gods who wished to destroy the Council altogether, though they pretended that such was not their intention. He was sure j that, from the character of the men in the other House, the Premier, even with j his endeavours to harass them, wouldhave 1 very little chance of driving them mad. The first person to show madness would be j the Premier himself. On several occasions that member had. shown signs of ^nsanity, but he hoped the Premier would get over this measure without falling into the very bod condition -he had in previous times. Mr. Kingston had said that he had put his 'hand to the plough and would not •tuna back, but what was the good of the plough if it was stuck? The Premier did nut have the tram to pull it through, and he' believed that the Premier would be very glad if he had his hands off the plough, and if he (had never touched it at all. What was to be gained by a dissolution or by the election of eight new members to ithe Up per House? Perhaps a few members of the Assembly "would not get back, but that would not alter the voting power very much, while a dissolution of the Upper House would mean that it would go back stronger than it was today. What then was the use of putting th© country to the expense which the Government proposed to incur? Many members would like to vote against the measure now or not bo vote at all if tliey knew that this Govern ment intended to dissolve dissolution were made, he did not believe that the Premier would comie back in the same position as he occupied •to-day. In stead of promoting harmony and good feel ing among the people, they wore stirring up the country and bringing class against class, and were making the difficulties of altering the Constitution much greater than they were at the present time. The Premier asked if they could not trust the nasees of the people. Had they not trus ted the people by giving them the suf frage for both Houses of tiie Common wealth? But they could not trust the Pre mier; any one who had done no had found him to be a rotten reed. There were many instancesj)f that. Mr. Kingston had_deser tea tne Unairman ol 'the Hospital Hoard, v/ho work-ad so hard for him dn the. trouble over that institution. Then, one of the hading Q.C.'s worked hard for the Pre mier when he was in great straits and dif ficulties, but how was the Q.C. abused when he crossed Mr. Kingston's path? The Pneimiieo' had mo feeling for any one who crossed his path. The Treasurtr said that because adult suffrage had been granted for the Federal Houses the same privilege should be given in connection with the local Houses. But the cases were not analogous. After federation Custom and Excise duties would be taken away from our control; also the Post and Telegraph Department. Very little would be left to the local Parliament in legislation for taxation. The people had been given the right to vote for members of the Federal Houses because they paid towards the revenue of the Com monwealth, but the Household Suffrage Bill asked that a vote should be given to people who paid nothing at all ha the Go vemmeni: of the colony. Those who did not possess land or property would not he taxed under the parochial Government which we would become. The House of Rej>rp.Kon'ta.tives was to l>e elected by a di vision of the States into electorates, and the Senate by a colony voting as a whole. But nothing like that was proposed in the Bill before them. The Government projK> scd to have the federal elections on the same basis as the Convention elections, as if it were otherwise the Premier would have a poor chance of being returned. His colleague, who had made an able speech, had put a point in an insidious way. Mr. Peake was in favour of adult suffrage and he had told his constituents so on tne hustings. He had pointed out that there might be twelve applicants to the Land Board for six blocks of land, and he asked why should men who did not get the land and who might be more intelligent than the others be deprived of a vote? The answer to that was that they had not the qualification. Why did not the Government try the' new scheme in the District Councils? It would be better to try it in a small way. He would be surprised if the ratepayers of a District Council would submit to it. Would they allow people who paid no rates to vote for the people who should declare what the rate would be? If they did, the people who did not pay any rates would elect men who would make others pay heavy rates, so that there would be a large sum to expend on works. The Government admitted that they wanted adult suffrage, and give the power into the hands of the people who did not pay taxes to elect men who would heavily tax those who did. The Treasurer said proposals had been before the Legislative Council for years to secure a reduction of the qualification. There had not been many instances. The first was the attempt by Mr. Kirkpatrick to reduce the franchise to £10 and the term of office to six years. There was little interest taken in the country in the matter. There had been a few questions asked at the elections In re ference to the proposal. In 1896 there was little interest taken by the country in the Government proposal to reduce- the fran chise. The Treasurer had pointed out that the Bill was carried last year by 34 to 17, "an overwhelming majority, which clearly indicated the will of the House," and he had fone on to argue, by conmarison with the ecieions of the House of Lords, that when there was an increasing majority in favour of a measure it was the place of the other House to give way. He had read extracts from a speech by Lord Derby and from Tod on Parliamentary government that it had never been the practice of the House of Lords to resist a continued expression of public will. The only expression of opinion they had had was in connection with the re ferendum, and, considering that the people were asked to vote for something they had not had before he was surprised the majo rity was not larger, but in the new House the majority had decreased. If, as the Treasurer had pointed out, it was the place of the Legislative Council to (jive wajr when there was an increasing majority, the logical sequence of that was that when there was a decreasing majority the Council should not give way, and as there was a decreasing majority in this instance the Council should not give way. The Treasurer had pointed out thai in No. 1 district there was a majo rity of 10,000 in favour of the proposal, in No. 2 a majority of 2,000, and in No. 4 a majority of 4,000. Seeing that" eleven-fif teenths.ofthosevotes were oast in the city and suburbs there was asmall number in the country who voted for household suf frage. -■ Seeing that 'the city had about one third of the population of the colony, and eleven-fifteenths were given in favour of it, there was a large preponderance of city votes. In No. .2 district .East Torrens voted 4,531 for and 3,237 against, or a majority of 1,294 out of a total majority of 2,000 for the whole division. That left only about 700\. votes outside the city in that district, and that showed clearly that it was carried by the town votes. In No. 2 district all the constituencies were overweighted by Bast Torrens,- and if they had household suffrage that portion would rule . still more, even • although the interests were diametri cally opposed. At the last election in his own district it was well known that house hold suffrage was coming prominently before the country. His colleague at the last gene ral election went further than the Govern ment proposal, and favoured adult suffrage. He (the speaker) was on the opposite side, and yet tne people were satisfied to return them both, without troubling very much about which way they went. In 1806 Mr. Ash and himself were opposed to the £15 franchise. Two candidates opposed them who favoured the same, and who repre sented the' platform of the Labour Party and the policy of the Government to a great extent, and these two gentlemen were rejected by hundreds of votes. That prov ed that the Albert district was not in favour of any reduction of the franchise for the Legislative Council, though it had voted in favour of household suffrage. He did not take that voting, however, as being a fair index of the feeUng of his constitu ents, because only half the electors voted on the-referendum. - As evidencing that only the townships had voted, and that the farmers and producers resident at some distance from the polling-places had not troubled to exercise the frauchise, he might mention that in one instance where the farmers did vote only one vote had been cast in favour of the Government proposal. To a great extent this Bill if carried would mean the initiation of the single tax, be cause if the Labour Party had the power, as they would under this Bill, tihey would put all the taxation on the land. It was only after the application of the Pastoral Commission, on which labour members were well represented, that the latter came to see they had been barking up the wrong tree, and agreed to fall in with the views of the other House. (Mr. Batcbelor— "Downright cheek.") Downright truth. After listening to the long debate that had taken place on this subject be did not think the present was the time for interfering with our Constitution. Seeing that federation was close at hand, and that many alterations in the Constitution would be required, it would be much better for the matter to be deferred until federation was accomplished. In these circumstances lie must vote against tne um. Mr. HAGUE said they all admitted that to-day they were called upon to decide for evil or for good. If members decided in favour of the Bill lie feared they would decide for evil instead of for good. The discussion had taken a very wide range, but the centre of the controversy appeared to him to be tTiis—Population only, or population controlled tc some extent by the private producers; which of these two_ is to be supreme? In fact, it was a question of town versus country. It might be un fortunate that it was so, but they had to deal with facts, and not fancies. The Treasurer When he spoke the other day tacitly admitted this. Mr. Holder gave certain figures which were intended to prove that the benefit would be rather to the country than to the city if the Bill were passed. The Treasurer said he had given the same figures at Gawler. That gentleman had put his figures very clever ly, but he (the speaker) was inclined to chink that they did not prove what (heiir author intended. In fact, when members went behind them they found that the Treasurer's premises were wrong to begin with, and if the ba«is of his arguments T"ao wrong then the arguments themselves were worthless. In the Barossa district in 1891 the census returns gave a certain num ber of houses, and the Treasurer assumed that the houses in Barossa had increased 10 per cent. Then Mr. Holder took the districts of North Adelaide, Sturt, and East Toirens, and made just ithe same as sumption—an assumption which facts flatly contradicted. They had not any cen sus of the houses, but they knew the num ber of the Legislative Council electors, and might assume that the number of male votes for the Upper House to a great ex tent represented .the number of househol ders. The Treasurer mixed up 1891 with 1898, and the women with the men. In 1891, however, the women had not any vote, while in 1898 they had. If ithey were to get to know the increase they must take the number of male electors in 1891 and the inale electors in 1898. What was the re sult? In Barossa in 1891 the male electors for the Legislative Council were 1,292, in 1S98 lis was 1,236, or 56 less. Where, then, was the 10 per cent, increase of houses? In North Adelaide in 1898 the Legislative Council male electors was 2,071, whilst in 1891 the number was 1,598, tor 473 more—n 30 per cent, increase. In East Terrene in 1898 the number was 4,417, as against 3,079 in 1891, an increase of 1,338, or 44 per cent. In Sturt in 1898 the number of male elec tors was 2,950, as against 2,256 in 1891, an increase of 694, or nearly 31 per cent. Take the House of Assembly, and in Barossa from 1891 to 1898 the increase tof voters was 202; in North Adelaide 1,360, or 46 per cent.; in East Toirens 2,G10, or 54 per qsait.; and in Sturt 1,861, or 46 per cent. When speaking on the second reading of the Bill he referred to the fact that the whole of the majority of '"Yeses" came fiom the metrojsolitain area and from some few manufacturing towns, mining towns, or places where railway men predominated. The Commissioner of Public Works had tried to show that he referred to the towns as supporting the Bill. What he had re ferred to were the townships. He left out the large towns, and said that the town, shifts in the centres of agriculture and 'hor ticulture were in harmony with the people who surrounded them as a rule. Of course there were exceptions, and when they found them they generally found that an agitator had been there. He most likely would be one of those rolling stones who proved a disturbing element, land who added neither to the wealth nor the happiness of the community. In the interests of good government, he was sorry that Mr. Shannon had not carried his amendment to strike out the words "or part of a house." That portion of the clause was dangerous. The evil of it had been manifest in connection- with municipal affairs—the right of occupancy. The other day he came across a case where one parent owned a house," the other occupied it, a daughter engaged in the city paid Is. a week and rented a room, one son had a carpenter's shop in the yard, and another used the stable, and even" one claimed the right to vote, because tne occupancy an 1 the claims were allowed. The Bill would exclude the carpenter's shop and the stable, tut he bad found that there was an im irense number of houses around Adelaide that were divided amongst •••* various occu pants. Booms werelet, and the peopil were not lodgeiv, and -the Bilb would tend to increase that practice. No such rule would be or could be followed in the country. (Mr. Miller—"Why nofcT") The houses were too small, ana the people werp not up to such tricks. The position of somt members in the House Was very peculiar id regard to the measure. Tiipf told thjj House that they were opposed to it, anu yet they voted for the second reading. Borne of them did so in order that thetr might get the £15 franchise inserted, if they were not successful, they said they, would vote against the third reading. He sincerely hoped they would be true to that, 8fr. Roberts—"Names.") There were Mr. cLachlan, Mr. Shannon, and Mr. Blacken Those members were perfectly justified in the position they took. Others told theiA that they did not believe in the Bill, and tbey did not know what they were going 10 do. They hod been striving to get the legislative Councillors to agree that the Bill should be altered there. That was not straightforward. If tney did not believe in the principles of the Bill, they should hove the manliness to vote against it, in stead of shifting the responsibility on to the shoulders of members of (another place, and thus increase the dissatisfaction against those members among a class of the people. It would have been wiser if they bad left the alteration of the Constitu tion until the time in the near future arriyed when they would have "to consider it in all its bearings. Mr. McKENZIE would not have spoken again but for a remark in "The Register," which he must contradict. That newspaper said some correspon dents asserted that he had con-. 1 veyed the impression at several polling places that he was not in favour of house hold suffrage. He emphatically denied that. There might have been letters, but he bad not seen them. At every plaee he spoke on tfie question he was thoroughly in earnest upon it. He said then that he believed in household suffrage, and he referred "The Register" to its own reporter, a gentleman who reported his speech thoroughly at the only town at which he was reported, and the report stated that he was in favour of household suffrage for the Legislative Coun cil. As there was a likelihood of their going before their constituents in a short time he contradicted the statement, as it would damage him. He appealed to his colleague, who could say that at every meeting wnicn they addressed together he went for house hold suffrage. He had been ill all the pre vious week) but intended to come that day to vote if they had to bring him in a blan ket. It gave him extreme pleasure to be there, and he would remain until daylight if necessary in order to give his vote in fa vour of the Bill. Not one of the arguments advanced by the Opposition had convinced him that he was doing wrong. He believed in trusting the people, and the more they trusted them the more did they rise to the occasion, and they would prove themselves —a. vr_ l: worthy of the trust. No one supporting household suffrage would regret the vote they gave. Mr. WOOD would not* have troubled the House again but for misrepresentations re garding his attitude towards the Bill by some members of the House. He wished to give those members an opportunity of refut ing what he might say or of withdrawing some of their harab, uncalled-for, and un gentlemanly remarks. He had been called names because he had the moral courage to say that one clause in the Bill would pre vent it coming into operation earlier than would be the case without it. He had been told that he was trying to wreck the Bill. (Mr. Roberts—"Oh.') He knew of nobody better at misrepresentation than Mr, Roberts. The speech made by the Hon. T. Playford was, in Ihis opinion—the first part, at any rate—the best and most illustrative of the true position they had had before that House. He agreed with -all that member said regarding clause 9—that the wording now "was absurd and useless." There was nothing in the Bill of 1898 that warranted a dual referendum. The Government had said that tliey would have household suff rage, but when would they get it? (Mr, Archibald—"When they can get it.") That was right. Some members he had heard had been instructed by the Government that they did not mean to shoot—that there would be no dissolution at all. That had come from a member of the Labour Party. (Mr. Roberts—"Name?") What did Mr. Robinson say at Roserwater?—"It was the intention of the Government to dissolve both Houses of Parliament." (Mr. Hutelrison—"No; he did not.") It was printed. The Treasurer himself had abso lutely given the position away in bis reply to the Hon. T. Playford. When the Trea surer was replying to Mr. Playford Mr. Holder made use of the words—"He ac cepted the full responsibility that attached to his using the word weapon. The Go vernment believed that the Council was a reasonable branch, and they did not think that the Bill would be rejected." Did the Treasurer bt-lieve that? (The Treasurer— "I did not hear it.") He would repeat it. Did the Treasurer still believe that? (The Treasurer—" I believe that they are reason able men.") That was not an answer. Did the Treasurer believe that—(The Treasure! —I believe that they are reasonable men— I hope that they _ are reason able.") The Treasurer said "he did not think the Bill would be rejected," and be wanted to know if Mr. Holder did believe that. The Treasurer was silent! It was not very often that they could get the Treasure! into a corner. If the Treasurer did believe it he should have taken clause 9 out of the Bill. The Government were only doing this so that they could use it for a battle-cry at the elections. They were bluffing the people, and after the elections they would smile at the way they had bluffed them. (Mr. Hutchison—"Do you believe the Coun cil would oppose it with clause 9 out?") He believed the Council was more likely to pass it with the clause out than with it iu. If the Treasurer believed his utterance, then he was guilty of trying to hoodwink members by saying that they would absolutely wreck the measure by throwing out clause 9\. Like himself, Mr. Grainger had come ■in for a fair share of adverse criticism, be cause he had pointed out the absurdity of the clause. It seemed to him that the true position was that the Labour Party did not want a dissolution. He would ask the question of the leader of that party. (Mr. Batclielor—"Give notice.") Under the present franchise the Labour Party would lose in the Council. In the interests of the Labour Party he was quite right in trying to strike out clause 9. What had they gained from adult suffrage in the Assembly? (Mr. Roberts—"I am here as a result of it.") More's the pity. From tha way the hon. member could mis represent, he would have managed to got there in any case. Mr. Roberts was clever, or he could not have misrepresented him (Mr. Wood) in tha way he had. If the members of the party had been told that the Government did not intend to shoot, but that they were only going to hold the pistol at the head of the Legiala TVtl tin Conneilloi*, they could very veil be ; boM on toe subject. (Mr. Batchelor— "Who told you?") Tie ion. member had refused to. divulge A secret a. short time back, and he might gay that he Was not in a position to tare the information ashed for. He said that the people were being deluded end mocked by that clause. (Mr. Griffiths—"You are going to votfe for the third reading. ). He had said he was in favour of household suffrage, and he had told the people that he would do all he •could to force the hands of the Govern ment to get it. He was doing that by striking out) clause 9. If the Council were dissolved it would come back stronger than ever against the Bill, and what would the result then he? Suppose the Council passed the measure, they nad to wait four years, and then take ano'tjher referendum; and if there was a reverse vote they would never get it. It was amusing to hear the Labour Party talk of how they had sup: ported him at the last . election. He would tell them what the Labour party said. In the "Advertiser" of Au gust 20, 1898, the following paragraph ap peared:—"With reference to the position of Nlr. Wood, ive have been officially inform ed that the Labour Party will not support him at the next general elections, even though the local committee might be fa vourable to him." (Mr. Batidte'lo-r—"When were the elections held? Twelve months af terwards?") Did Mr. Batchelor regret it? Because, if so, he (Mr. Wood) had received no intimation of it. (Mr. Batchelor—"You k-.-.ow perfectly well what happened, and you know that it is contemptible on your part.") He knew that attempts were made in North Adelaide to form a committee, but the meeting was all on his own Bide. The SPEAKER—Whether the hon. mem ber was supported by the Labour Party or not has nothing to do with the Bill. Mr. WOOD—This has been referred to by members in their speeches, and I ask you, Sir, to allow me to make reference to it. The SPEAKER—The iron, member has already replied, and I ask him not to dis cuss the question. Mr. WOOD said that Mr. Batchelor had remarked that there was a much greater likelihood of the Council passing the Bill with clause 9 in it than without it. That had never been shown by any member of this House. If as an Englishman some one challenged him, he would feel more inclined to figlit than if lie received no challenge, ami so would tfie Jjegislative uouncil. (.JUr. Roberta—"Clause 9 is not a challenge. It lakes advantage of a proper constitutional procedure.") It was a useless clause, and never ought to have been in the Bill. Mr. Hatch el or also said that he (Mr. Wood) had been working with the supporters of the Bill up to a certain time and that at the general elections he. bad fought on the I side of the people. He had always fought on the side of the people, and because he had endeavoured to make the Bill come into operation three years earlier than it oould In its present form, he had been classed as toadying to the Opposition. Mr. Price had said. that he saw Messrs. Darling and Solo mon whipping him up. That waB absolutely untrue. Those two members knew him quite as well as the Labour Party did, and they knew that no amount of whipping would get his vote unless his conscience led him in that direction. No member of the Op position ever approached him on the sub ieel. He knew the motives some members hud in view. He knew the mean tactics that had been adopted both inside and out side the House fco injure himself, but itihey had not come off. On Thursday he was asked by a member of the Press if he were going to support the tnird reading, and he answered, "Tes; decidedly." He was in fa vour of the Bill, but not the miserable clause in it, and if the measure were recom mit! ed, he would again try to cut out the useless portion of it. He had done his best and bis duty, and was answerable to his constitu ents and not to the Labour Party. That .Parly had always been the stalkhig-liorse for the Government, and hie said it with all sincerity. (Mr. Coneybeer—"Then it is not true that we run the Government/') No: the Government ran the Labour Party, and •dominated them. Mr. Robots had said ilhat he (Mr. Wood) ought to vote on his side because he (Mr. Roberts) had given him lids vote ait the elections. (Mr. Ro berts—"I diid not say that.'') For con summate nonsense they could not beat that. He believed Mr. Solomon, the Leader of the Opposition, also voted for him. (Mr. Roberts—"Ask him now." Mr. Solomon— "1 did nolt voifce ait all, because I was 3,000 miles away.") Well, he -wwul-d take the will fur the deed. He knew that Opposi tion members of the House had voted for him. Of course if any member of the La bour Party knew that a member of the Na tional Association was going to vote for him he would write to ibhait gentleman and say that he could keep his vote. If people thought that he fairly represc thought that he fairly represented the dis trict, and if they believed in labour repre sentation, the more votes he secured the better he liked it. They knew he was out on the independent la hour ticket, but not the Labour Party ticket. He had a good strong plat form of his own, and others had as much right to claim his vote as Mr. Roberts had. Would Mr. Roberts like him to be a mere delegate, to be dictated to by every person who voted for him ? (Mr. Robert®—"Won't you accept my disclaimer? I voted for you—I am sorry now—but I deny your statement. You grossly misrepresent me.") Mr. Roberts had said the other day that he (Mr. Wood) ought to vote with those who voted for him. He was as much inte rested in the welfare of labour a® the mem bers of the Labour Party, and uhey did him a gross injustice when they said that he had attempted to wreck the Bill by en deavouring lio strike out the clause which would prevent it from coming into opera tion for four years. He had conscientiously tried to get household suffrage, while those who were hanging it up for. four years knew what changes would take place in •that time, in consequence of wliidh the Bill would not come into operation. Mr. PRICE said it was delightful to have heard the leaders of the Opposition speak as they had that afternoon. Mr. Rounee vell, in a carefully prepared speech, had laid himself out to try and impress upon . the House that the trend of legislation in -1 recent years had been socialistic and com munistic) and that the Labour Party had been responsible for that tendency. Lhat they were the outcome of continental socialism, and that the measure before them was the project of the party. That member said that the Ministry were bring ing the measure forward because it was advocated by the Labour Party, that they were compelled to bring it in, that there *' ' " ; Mir' was no sincerity in the ^Ministry, and that they brought it in to pay back a debt to the Labour Party for keeping them in power. As far as he was concerned, he owned that they had asked tlic Govern ment to do as much as they possibly could, and as a party they had tried to get as much as they could, but it bad been per fectly legitimate, and there had been no logrolling, but what they had obtained had tome through persistent argument and through continual knocking at the door, |nd they were pleased that the Ministry times without number bad seen it was for the benefit of the whole country to accept the doctrines the Labour Party brought forward. Not only were the Ministry doing that, hut Mr. Caldwell had said he never opposed the State Bank; only advocated caution. Not only the Ministry, hnt the Opposition also were endorsing the po licy of the Labour Party. There was the establishment of the Depot, which none of the Conservative Party would dare to Vote to abolish. The pressure of the Labour Party had been educational. In reference to the statement of Mr. Wood that the Labour Party were controlled by the Ministry, that statement was contra dicted by Mr. Rounsevell, who was a man of good average ability, and who could make comparisons. He had not been in side the movement of labour, but some who had been inside the movement had made use of it, then turned traitor to the move ment and reviled it. When they heard statements made like Mr. Wood, who had left them, made, it was not worth taking notice. He stood charged with having to get up and make a defence of what he had said before. Mr. Wood had not told them that he was going to vote with Mr. Grain ger to alter the title of the BUI. (Mr. Wood—"Who said he was?") Mr. Wood did not explain that position away. He knew member after member who had gone to Mr. Wood and begged that he would not vote with Mr. Grainger, and he said he would. (Mr. Wood—"I know that is wrong.") He could bring member after member to prove the statement that Mr. Wood was going to vote with him, and only that day—it showed what a beauty he was —he went to Mr. Roberts and asked him if he would give a prepared speech so as to knock the Opposition out. The lion, mem ber, who dilly-dallied and turned Mr. WOOD—On a point of order, I deny that statement. The SPEAKER—That is not a point of order. Mr. PRIOE, continuing, said Mr. Wood could deny what be liked. He was always denying, but lie could not deny the truth. When he tried to knock clause 9 out he knew that the Bill had to go to the other House in the same form as previously, or they would not have their constitutional power. He did not deny that he was trying to force the other place. Did tjhey ever get anything from the other place—did they ever get anything from a privileged class— without fighting for it and standing up for a principle? And as one bt the have-nots, as he had been termed many times, he stood up for the have-nots against those who had, and demanded for them their rights? lie had already pointed out that so far as intelligence was concerned they were the equals of those who had the vote. The people of South Australia were thrifty, and, so far as sobriety and honesty were concerned, they were as honest, thrifty, and as upright as those who had the vote, and the only thing in difference between, them was that one had a little more wealth than the other; and because he was poor they said to him he should not have a vote. As far as intelligence was concerned, was it not true that many of the school masters who were meeting in Conference had not a vote? Those who handled the youths of the colony, and brought them up to make good citizens, had no vote be cause they had no property, and, while there were homes in Adelaide in which, if t|he veil were lifted, they would see cor ruption beyond the imagination of the most imaginative mind—drunkenness and infamy accompanied by wealth—those people had a vote, but the poor honest man had no vote. The men he knew, who brought their children up in a good health}', holy light, men who nighlj after night called their children round them, and with the Book in hand taught them the only way to live a good life and become righteous peo ple, because they lived in a 9s. per week house they were told that they were not fit for a vote. He appealed to the whole of South Australia, and he was certain they would rise to the occasion, and de mand it. (Mr. Wood—"Have they not demanded it?") Mr. Wood could go where he went last Sunday, and be told what he was. He was told last Sunday at the Botanic Park what he was . (Mr. Wood— "Only three out, of a thousand.") He was tol'd tune after time what he was. Mr. Wood knew perfectly well by his action he was destroying the Bill. That member knew he was destroying the opportunity they had of driving the bargain home in another place. He was not all-aid to go. to his constituents. He challenged the .Go vernment, like Mr. Darling had challenged them, to go to the country on the Bill alone, and he knew the House would come back stronger than it was before. It would come back with less cabs than it took to drag the people up to vote, for which there had been no money put down in the re turns. The enthusiasm and desire to get what was right would make every man and woman vote, and there would not need to be seventy or eighty cabs in one dis trict, for which there had been no return. It had been said there was no enthusiasm, but there was a strong growing feeling in favour of it. It was true lvhen they started the people did not grasp it, but that was tree of federation. It was more true of federation, because it came from the'top, and it did not rise from the people, aud it. was only when they trusted the people and asked them to come in that they took part in the matter. The Bill was better understood now, and the demand was more imperative for it. There was no force un der the sun which could stop what had been asked for. If the double dissolution took place, and the same people were re turned to the other place, he welcomed that position, because every time they be came more obstructive the people would be more imperative in their demand. As fair as -he was personally concerned he desired to let it go forth to it-he world through the medium of "Hansard" that he considered or.e House was quite sufficient tor a population like ours. If a reduction of one-third or one-half of the members of the present Legislature took place there was a very great danger con fronting the country. It would be far bettor to have one House, and that House strong, than to hare two feeble Houses upon wihiidh tricks and lobbyism could play righit and left. When pastoral legislation was going through the House he had seen the lobby filled with men. Indeed, he had been at the telephone-room door and could not get in because they were asking for instructions from other places—(Mr. Solomon—'How do you know what they were asking for?") v. (Mr. Solomon—"Your vivid am He knew. , agination again.") It was no vivid imagi nation at all. He told hon. members it whs better to have one strong House than tr> have two feeble Houses. There would then be lees possibility of corruption, eli quism, or logrolling. Thank God, since the Labour Party find come into the House l-ogrolling had been killed to a certain ex tent. (Mr. Solomon—"llot.") Of ourse, the lion, member understood the question right enough. (Mr. Solomon—"I do when I hear it from you. You either talk rot or slander.") He would rather have one House. If the other House rejected the Bill he would be pleased, Ijeeause it would be playing exactly in the direction he wan .ted it to. That was his individual feeling, not ab a parfey man. (Mr. Hut joa—T am -with you in it.") , And r. Piayford, ho believed, waa another, hoped ito see the day mn the refeam a woifld be wrdied to afl inmastaatit mea ' sures. The Bin mad'been pittdiuced as uie result of an initiative vote. It was not to be adopted until anotha: referendum had been taken on it. Could anything be mora reasonable or just? He was surprised at Mr. Solomon voting against the Bill seeing that his oonatituewta had declared an far vow of lit. (Mir. BatchelKM*—"And having in mind ihis liberal tendencies.") Yes, and ihe would ask the Leader of tlbe Opposition to reconsider his decision. (The Treasurer —"And hie promise laet year." Mir. Solo mon—"There was no promise last year. That is not true.") The SPEAK hiR—I would ask tire ton. member to withdraw that statement. Mr. SOLOMOhi—I say that arte Treasu rer's statement is contrary to fact. The SPEAKER—1 ask the ihon. member to withdrew absolutely. Mt. SOLOMOJN—i withdraw, and say that the Treasurer's statement is absoiuitieiy and entirely couitraiy to tact. Mr. PRICE (continuing) said Mk. Solo mon made the statement that if his consti fcuenlts favoured toe Boil he would support i-t. (Mr? Soiomion—"1 never said any such thing. I said "if the Bill wene withdrawn and submitted to the peopue iLcst i would ttmen agree with it.") A great deal Had been said in regard to the Bill enfranchis ing people who paid no taxes, in other words, it was urged (that the Bill conferred the vote on people Who had not the re sponsibility of carrying out the go vernment. He wanted to show what the masses did pay. lloni Appendix 31 he found that they paid on beer aiLoue £10,1)67, wimst on wine, which was drunk by the -aaustoia-acy, only £2,742, or lgd. per head of the popula tion, was paid. On sugar and uio-xasses some £46,725 was collected, and this amount was elueny paid by toe masses. On tea £37,716 was paid, karosine realized £17,619, and cigars and tobacco £60,335. A great point made during the debate was that the Labour Tarty desired ito shift taxation i'lom the workers on to the land. Since the Labour Party had been in the .House the land taxation had not gone up. He was never in favour of it, because the fairest duties were those which a man's pro perty, paid when the owner died aud it was divided. The working people had the maxi mum of taxation and the minimum of re presentation in the Council, and unless they got an alteration of the Constitution it would continue. They were lace to face with a deadlock. Would Mr. Solomon oii'er them a way out, and propose such a scheme as they had in the Pederal Constitu tion? (Mr. Solomon—"That is not propos ed, but there is a good deal in favour of it. ") Mr. Lyne got the Labour i'arty in New South Wiales, and he asked Mr. Solo mon to consider his otter. (Mr. Solomon— "1 am very much in favour of it, but 1 am not going to pledge myself at this mo ment.'') That was like the hon. member; they did not know where to find him. On Stptember 27, 1898, l\lr. Solomon spoke on the second reading of the Household Suffrage Till. Mr. O'Malley interjected:— "Would you be willing to leave the ques tion to a- referendum?" His answer was:— "Certainiy; it was the proper course to adopt, instead of springing it on the people just before an election. The Premier wan ted some clap-trap cry, so that he could spread his chest, and give intense gratid eation to those on the back se-ats, who usually cheered him to the echo." (Mr. Solomon—"Now take it back to Roberts, and see if he can find something else." Mr. Roberts—"That proves that you have gone back on your word.") They were not the people who did not pay the taxes. (Mr. i.larling—"You get tree education in ex change.") And the result of that education was an elightened public opinion, asking for a vote for the Legislative"Council. The best money spent was on education, not. only so far as the safety of the public was concerned, but a:so so tiiat they might hold their own in the commercial world. .If the Till were not passed in another place, he would hail with delight the opportunity to go to the electors of iilurt, so that they night retuln him to vote again for the measure. Hie third reading was declared earned. Mr. SOLOMON called for a division, which resulted as follows:— Ayes (28).—Messrs. Archibald, Butchelor, Brooker, Butler, Carpenter, Catt, Coney beer, Cummins, Dumas, Poster, Grainger, Hooper, Hourigan, Hutchison, Jenkins, Kingston, MacGillivray, McKenzie, Miller, Morris, O'Loughliu, Peake, Poynton, Price, Roberts, Scherk, Wood, and Holder (tel Icr). Noes (10).—Messrs. Blacker, Caldwell, Oastine, Copley, Darling, Duncan, Gilbert, Glynn, Hague," Handyside, Homburg, Mc Donald, McLachlan, Paech, Playford, Rouiisevell, Shannon, von Doussa, and Solo mon (teller). Majority of 9 for the Ayes. Pairs.—Ayes—Messrs. Burgoyne and Livingston. Noes—Messrs. Giles and Griffiths. On the motion—'"That the Bill do now pass," Mr. COPLEY said he had reserved his few remarks until the present occasion. When Mr. Handyside .was speaking the Pre mier appeared to be cross about something he saiu concerning the position he took up in regard to individuals when they some times crossed his path. He thoroughly agreed with all Mr. Handyside had said be cause he was quite satisfied that in the policy the Premier had seen fit to adopt in regard to household suffrage two factors hud largely actuated his proceedings. One was personal spite against some members of another place; the other, personal am bition. He did not think the Premier would allow anything to stand in his way. He believed he was sincere for that reason. Reference had been made, to the probable action of the Government if the Bill'was re jected in the Legislative Council, but he had an authority which indicated what the Go vernment intended. On last year's'Esti mates £5.870 was voted in view of the ge neral elections. They spent £7,152, and evi dently in view of another general election thev * put down on this year's Estimates £5,576. (The Attorney-General—"There is an election for the Legislative Council.") He knew that. Personally lie was quite careless whether there was a dissolution or not. but he was not careless about the tur moil and strife that would be created throughout the country, and the large ex penditure of public money which it would involve. The Treasurer had made some re marks at Gawler regarding the relative effect of household suffrage upon city and country constituencies, and the same argu ment was used by the Premier at Balaklava on Monday night, when the Premier tried to represent that the proposal would not injuriously affect the interests of country districts. In contradiction to that he would tell them that at.the last census there were 63,887 houses, divided as fol lows:—Corporate towns, 25,373; other townships, 15,268; country districts, 23,216. Those figures showed that if the proposal were adopted corporate towns ana town* | ships containing 40,641 houses would have ' over 80,000 votes to the country districts' 23^46 {houses with about 46,000 votes, thus giving the towns tod townships absolute power to elect whom they pleased to the Council. Those horn, members who repre sented the producing interests, by the vote they had given, wen proving traitors to the districts they represented. (Mr. Coney beer—"They represent their districts.' ) They misrepresented them. (Mr. Foster— IMt* n ha/**u> mm1<4iS aaI a "There was never a bigger political traitor than you." The Attorney-General—"Hear, hear. ) It was evident that he was speak; ins the truth when the Labour Party and others were interjecting so freely. (Mr. Coneybeer—"We don't represent the coun try districts.") Thank God that they did not. They represented only those portions of the community who lived on the pro sperity of the people. The population bad increased about 12$ per cent, since tho3e figures given were compiled, and house bold accommodation had correspondingly advanced, but the bulk of that advance had been in the city and suburban districts. It was gratifying in one sense to see the advance, but it was a matter for regret to see such activity in building operations in the city and suburbs, for they knew that the same thing had not been going on in the country districts. The Bill would be disastrous to the best interests of this colony, and more especially after federa tion, when we would lose sources of reve nue that now touched the population under direct taxation and when the majority of the people would not contribute. It was clear that the taxing power would be in the hands of the people who did not con tribute, and we Bhoula see a rapid approach when they got the power to that condition of things pointed out by Mr. Rounsevell when he referred to the trend towards so cialism. (Commissioner of Public Works— "What about phosphates and State dairies?") The Commissioner ought to be ashamed to make such an interjection. (Attorney-General—"Yon were in a Minis try once yourself, weren't you?") Yes; but not one that knuckled to the behest and resolutions of the Trades Hall; it was a Ministry that had some independent policy for the good of the country. They knew perfectly well the trend that had been going on for a long time, and no one knew it better than the Commissioner of Public ...kii. Works, who was at the head of the pubhc works of the colony, arid knew the condi tion of things that obtained in the railways. The Commissioner knew that the conditions inserted in public contracts carried risks so as to make it almost impossible to accept them, and unless a very large amount was added for contingencies no sane man would tender to carry out large contracts now. They would know more about that matter when the information was given in reply to Sir John Downer's questions. The position in which they had now got on this constitutional question showed that it was to satisfy the Premier's political ambition, regardless of what might be the result for the future of the colony, for the sake of popularity, that he thought might be neces sary to put him into the Federal Parlia ment. (Attorney-General—"Nonsense." Mi-. Foster—'"Don't you tuink he would have got in anyhow? Attorney-General —"Of course he does." Mr. Foster—"You know he would; I have heard you say it./) That did not affect the position a little bit. (Mr. Archibald—"Cheer up; you may be elected yourself.") He was not striving to be. (Attorney-General—"You got badly licked when you tried, didn't you?' ) lie had never trimmed or sacrificed any principles he had held for the sake of popularity, as the Premier had done and was doing—opposing a measure, and when he found it was becoming popular taking it up. (At torney-G enenil — "You are getting into your dotage.") _ He was not. (Attorney-General—"It is the only charitable view to take of your utter ances") He was quite oblivious to the Premier's remarks. They had arrived at a very serious juncture in the history of the colony. It was not a time for bandy ing frivolous jokes, but a time wiien every man who had a heart for the best interests of the country was bound to speak out the political belief that was in him. He had nothing to thank the Pre mier for; when it suited the Premier's purpose he was spiteful. (Attorney-Gene ral—"! think you are about the last man who ought to say that.") What did the Premier mean bv that? (Attorney-Gene ral—"Never mind.") The country had been misrepresented by the Treasurer and Premier on household suffrage. In read ing recently a book in sympathy with democratic movements, the writer asked, "Who shall pay the bills of socialism?" They were now handing over the taxing power and the producing interests to another class of the population, and though they might be well-meaning—he gave them credit for their good intentions—he believ ed they were mistaken in their policy, for it would be found that household suttrage would be disastrous to the best interests of the colony. The SPEAKER—I should like to point out that it has been stated that I did not mention the majority on the third reading. In connection with a Bill requiring a statu tory majority the practice is to give the numbers only, which I did. 1 gave 28 to 19. Sir JOHN DOWNER said he had lis tened to the speeches, and ill struck him that the House did not know what course the Government intended to take. There was the plain course open to the Govern ment of bringing down the Bill simply on its own merits, without saying what they meant to do, or anticipating whether it would be carried or whether it would not be earned in another place. The Bill was, however, brought down as a.threat in the first instance, and threats had been held out all through, and it was represented that it was the highest constitutional stand the Government could take. The Govern ment, having taken up such a position, ought to 6ay what they meant. There was no necessity to use the threats. The Government had a right to introduce the Bill, and members had a perfect right to vote for or against it, without being sub jected to any unworthy remarks. They were entitled to their own opinions, and they were also entitled to give effect to them in that branch of the Legislature which they constitutionally represented. They (the Government) had, however, frightened some, and in addition had triea to frighten the other branch of the Legis lature. Surely they had a constitutional right to ask the Government what they meant. He had heard Mr. McKenzie speak that afternoon, and that member said dis tinctly that he understood that there was going to be a dissolution of both Houses. (Mr. McKenzie—"I said nothing of the sorfc. What I said was that it would affect me as much as any one in the House.") The hon. member said he expected it. , (Mr. McKenzie—"I expect it now, and I am prepared for it.*") What were the Go- j vem.ment using threats for at all? They were "going to use every constitutional means to ensure the will " The Trea surer—"We have been doing that for weeks past.") He was getting at what he wanted by degrees. Well, the Government were doing all they could to get the will of the people; but what was the bitter end? He was sitting pretty much on the cross benches, and lie heard a good deal of the ripple of outside, and it -was that the "•Go vernment dare not take tjhe step, because of the intimation that on such a step there would be a movement which would have the effect of placing them in a very un comfortable position. . How much further hadjihey to go to the end? (Mr. Batchelot —"You can't go further than the end.") Noj he did not think they could, but he would like to know 'how much further they were going. Of course, everything waa chaos and strife with the Government now, and tney, bad not the least expectation of getting the Bill passed through the Upper House. The Treasurer had been challenged that after* noon on that point, and he did not reply. If a joint dissolution took place, who would suffer? The Assembly carried the Bill—r the Council rejected it. The obedient As sembly were sent to the country. The persons punished were un doubtedly those who had not offended. If that House carried the Bill by an abso lute majority, and the Legislative Council threw it out again, and supposing there was a dissolution—if the Governor acceded to it—they would go to the country with no substantial result. He had already pointed out if the threats were carried out it could only land the colony in immense expense, and public affairs would be put into a great muddle, and in the end they would return perhaps just the same as they were now, while the Legislative Coun cil might come back even stronger. The Government were trying to use an unfair lever. The Bill had been carried by a bare majority, and it was still going up to the Council with all those threats. It was the very last stage of the Bill in that House, and he did not propose to discuss what he had discussed ojj the second reading, and what had been discussed over and over again. It was not a question whether the people were to govern; it was a question as to me thods of government. It was not a ques tion whether they had a Constitution, but what was the best Constitution, and whe ther anything had arisen to alter the Con stitution which they had lived under so well in the past. He did not propose to go into the inconsistency of those who advocated that representation and taxation should ac company each other, nor did he propose to dwell on those who eadd that they liked something better than household suffrage, but as they could not obtain it they would take what they could get, but he came to those who did not take the Bill as a step ping-stone to something more, but who said that they wanted a lower franchise than the present one, although not as low as the Bill proposed. Those members said they would I take this, which would lead to something worse, aud would throw the responsibility upon another branch of the Legislature of making the amendment, which it was theft duty to make, rather than to leave it to those in another place wlio would not make it. (Mr. Miller—"Who says so?") Thd hon. member was a supporter of household suffrage, so his interjection need not bd noted. He was speaking of those who fa voured a reduction of the franchise from £25 to £15, and lie understood that Mr. Aliller was not one of them. (Mr. Miller— "1 understand I am.") Then the hon. mem ber did come within that category. These members wanted a, £15 franchise, and had helped those who wanted to still further humiliate the Constitution. They said to the other branch of the Legislature:—"We disagree with this Bill which we have ' voted for, but you can propose this franchise we think should ex ist and we will support you, but we warn you that- in sending you a Bill we don't agree with, if you don't propose the lower franchise that we do agree with, we shall throw in our lot witli the general Democratic Tarty, who want to destroy all representation according to taxation, an-.l to fritter away any rights created oy the possession of property.' A bare absolute majority had been obtained, by the assist ance of these members, who, on every ex planation they gave to their constituents, on every view expresed in the House, and on every principle of right and justice, should have voted against the third reading of the Bill. Air. AfcDONALD said thnt the Govern ment^ had received twenty-eight votes, and he believed that they were entitled to thirty, two supporters being absent on account of illness. That was a minority of four votea compared with last year's numbers, and he congratulated the Opposition on their suc cess. Last year the number in favour of the Bill was thirty-four. The Assembly had since been to the country, and had come back with four votes lost on household suffrage. Could there be anything more gratifying to the Legislative Council than to know that such was the case, proving to them that they were wise in the course they took? The object of rejecting the Bill last year was for the purpose of appealing to the people on it, and the result lie had mentioned must, indeed, be encouraging to the Council to reject the measure again this year. (Sir John Downer—"A diminishing public opinion and a diminishing vote."J Yes; and they knew what the Council would do. What would the Government do? They would dissolve both Houses. Nothing was plainer than that, because the Trcmier, the other day, although he did not give himself away, said that he was going to appeal to the people, and that very fact was conclusive evidence that after the Council had dealt with the Bill the Houses would go to the country. He complimented the Trades Hall Council and the Labour Party on their success. They were now able to run South Australia. They had got the Government entirely in their hands, and he heartily congratulated them on having been able to run South Australia in the way they had done. They had got tilic Government under thedr control, and, with the assistance of a few more members, they were able to run South Australia. This result was that the whole governing of South Australia was to be clone by the Trades and Labour Coun cil. If the measure passed the voting power would be taken away from the producers and confined fco the city and suburbs, and the great producing industry, which wag the backbone of the colony, would linve to pay all the taxes aud have no representa tion. Air. ROBERTS regretted that the un usual course was being adopted of indulg ing in second-reading speeches on that mo tion. There was a certain section which usually died hard, buit this time they were dying quickly. They were taking advantage —a most unusual course—of a consfcitu7 tional method to object to the Government securing the passage of the BaH. The Op position took advantage of a constitutional position to u.nneoessarav and wilfully delay the passage of the Bill. The only course the Government had was to tsee thait the Bill was a copy of the one rejected by the Legislative Council last year. That was necessary, and in taking that course they were taking a course which tire Legislative Council said they should agree to. The Go vernment wane only taking advantage of a power given them- by the Legislative Council and by a Council which was just as conservative as ithe present one. The Legislative Council saw the necessity of tihe canstitutiioTial power, and granted it rca rely. In fact, it emanated from them. It was not the work of the Assembly. " They toiw the neoeasitty for the power being givwi Certain cases, when the Council justice to the people, and how, mien 1 for the first time for the eighteen years since the power i granted, the Government were going take advantage of it, they were reviled T Opposition. He knew the burden this lament of Sir John Do Winer was "In leaven's name. Premier, Ministry, suppor ters, tell us what you are going to do." That member had no idea. He feared to go before his constituents. Siir John Dow nier would like* at that moment that the Government should show their hands, and give some further assistance to the Legis m'tive Counoil in deciding what particular action they would take in reference to the Bill. They had already 'taken a most un usual course of delaying the passage of an impair taint measure—the Bill for the repur chase of land—which was absolutely neces sary in the interests of the colony, amd was being ashed for without a dissentient voice by the whole of the producers. They saw the sons of farmers, practical men, leaving in hundreds simply because they had not that Bill, and they found the Legislative Council, which, was supposed on ail occa sions to watch the interests of the produ cers, taking the unusual course of delaying the measure, amd making its rejection de bend on the action of the Assembly with re gard fc> the Bill. (Mr. von Douasa—"What does one <of the strongest supporters of the Government in the other House say aboult It?") He did not know. He knew the con servative majority took the unusual course of taking the business out of the hands of the Government with ithat fatuousness which characterized them, and wilfully de layed the Tjamd Repurchase Bill. Tlie SPEAKER—Is the hon. member re ferring to the Land Repurchase Bill, now before the Legislative Council? If so, he is hot in order. Mr. ROBERTS said unfortunately the pouncil refused to consider the Bill at pre sent; The SPEAKER—The hon. member is mot in order in referring to any measure be fore the Legislative Council. Standing Order No. 135 says:—"No member shall allude to any debate in the other House of Parliament. Mr. ROBERTS submitted that he was mot referring to a measure before the Leg islative Council, but to the action of the Council in rejecting the consideration of a measure The SPEAKER—The hon. member is not in order im doing so. Mr. ROBERTS—The rejection of the Bill being part of the proceedings against the present Bill The SPEAKER—'The hon. member is re ferring to the Land Repurchase Bill, which is before the other branch of the Legisla ture, and is not in order in doiDg so. Mr. ROBERTS accepted the ruling. The burden of Sir John Downer's lament was to ask the Government what they intended to do. It would be foolish to add one to what the Opposition, termed threats, by exivoiing the attitude the Government intended to take. The Council might reject the Bill if they thought fit. lie honed common- sense Would prevail—it would be new—and they ivould bow to the will of the people unmis takably expressed at the referendum. He wished to refer to the comical attitude of Mr. McDonald, who congratulated the Op iposition on gaining four votes, inferring that the Ministerial support was weakening and that there was some sort of a conserva tive reaction, and, then, by way of a joke, !ho congratulated what he termed the Trades and Labour Council unon their ac quisition of strength whereby tliey ruled the Government and the whole country. Mr. McDonald might be able to see some con sistency in those statements, but he could Slot do so. Mr. McDonald also indulged in a somewhat similar note to Mr. Copley, whose one desire was to grossly misrepre sent the Labour Party to the producers, jle put it to that member, who had, during •(he last six years been the greatest friends *>j: the producers? Had it been the Opposi tion, who now bo loudly pleaded for the Support of that class, or the Labour Party? He could go briefly through the record. The record of the Opposition in support of the producers, so far had been ipL solitary motion by one of the ex-leaders of the Opposition that certain natives of Palestine should become, naturalized sub jects of South Australia. That was the sum total of the support of the Opposition to the country people. He knew there was a motion by Mr. Kounsevell of a fjiooiaJusUc " character, but unless he pould prove that it was m the best inte rests of the producing community it would got pass the Assembly. In reply to Mr. what na " . ley he would point to what had been lone in the past by the Labour Party for the producers. He would refer to the State Bank—lbe absolute platform of the Labour Parly. The party were the first to put it before tiho Parliament of South Australia fes practical politics. (Mr. Darling—"Cer tainly not.") He knew perfectly well, in gipite of continual interjections, because the Other side did not like the truth, that in 1887 certain members of the Opposition, Mr. Copley included, signed as members of & RoyaJ Commission a report that they should have a State Bank. That was in Mr. Copley's liberal days, before, as he himself termed it, the Opposition pulled his leg, hut when the Question came before the House in Sihe shape of practical politics, and there was a possibility of obtaining it, they found him joining with others in denouncing it, fend the ex-leader of the Opposition roaming about the country denouncing the projKisal although he denounced the Go vernment for roaming about the country in support of household suffrage, fte coula go further, and point out that ton the platform of the Labour Party was the State Exjwrt Department. That party Was the first to put that matter before the country in the shape of practical politics. (Hon. W. B. Rounsevell—"Rubbish.") He knew that to a certain extent Sir John Downer had sought the establishment of a depot, but the hon. member for some rea son had confined his attention to a wine depot. Then, again, the progressive land tax was supported by the Labour Party, giving exemption to tbe producers. He plight go still further, and refer to the pastoral industry. The liberal Pastoral Act at present on tbe Statute-book was feolely due to one Labour member in the House. (Mr. Solomon—"Rot.") It was (ho truth. (Mr. Solomon—"We recognise bis valuable services.") The Pastoral Act Was solely due to the herculean efforts of Mr. Poynton on behalf of the pastoralists. When that 'member entered the House there were several pastoralists in the Cham ber, and these, with their legal supporters, were all at sixes and sevens on this ques tion. Mr. Poynton, however, focussed the opinions of pretending supporters of more liberal pastoral legislation, instructed mem- J bers unacquainted with the subject in an intelligent manner, and it was through his efforts that the passage of the Bill was se- I cured. The Crown Lands Amendment j Act of 1898, which was in the interests of j Agriculturists, which reduced rents and pur- ! bhase-money and permitted lessees to sur render and obtain fresh leases under more advantageous terms, was also the result of Labour members. He could mention seve ral oilier items, but he put that record against the record of the Opposition, which consisted of an attempt to naturalize a few natives of Palestine. Another of Mr. Copley's statements was that the passage of thiB Bill would increase the Labour repre sentation. Even if it did, judging by the record of Labour members, there would be no danger to iihe colony if their members were increased. Put he would point out that under adult suffrage the Labour Party were only able to secure the return of eleven members to the House of Assembly. How then could it be urged that under i a more limited franchise they would over- I run the Legislative Council? Members were told that the whole of the taxing ! power would be iu the hands of the niajo- j rity. and that there would only be one j avenue of taxation left open. Why, then. ( the fear as to whether Tom Jones or Bill Smith imposed that taxatiou? He hoped i the Government would not gratify the cu- I riosity of the Opposition by intimating Ltions were. Whatever the what their intentions Government intended he was prepared to take the consequences of their action. If a double dissolution took place he was not afraid to face his constituents, as waB every member of the Opposition save one. Mr. McDonald had contrasted the figures in favour of the Bill last year with the figures in its favour this year. How often must the hou. member be told that the vote token in 1898 was not a lest vote on the question, but merely a test as to whether the Bill should be sent on to the people for their decision ? The result of thai elec tion was that more members were return ed to the House who were directly in fa vour of the Bill than there were before. If the majority in favour of the Bill was gradually decreasing, as the Opposition claimed, then why aid they not change their attitude and let the measure go to the country on another referendum"? If then they were undeceived they might pos sibly vote for the measure. It was possible that Mr. Solomon and Mr. Homburg, both of whom a little while ago de finitely pledged themselves to abide by the result of the referendum (Mr. Solomon —"Absolutely contrary to fact, and you know it.") It was the truth. Voting against the Bill now put those members in a position that gentlemen- ought not to occupy. On September 2, 1898, Mr. Solo mon, when speaking on the Household Suffrage Bill, was interrupted by an inter jection from Mr. Q'Malley, who enquired, "Would you be willing to leave the ques tion to a referendum?") The reply was "Certainly," and those who were in the Chamber at the time would recol lect the emphasis with which tliat word was given. Mr. Solomon's reply was "Cer tainly; it is the proper course to adopt" (Mr. Solomon—"Read the rest. Read the whole truth.") You are twisting the truth.") The hon. member made that statement. (Mr. Solo mon—"You know you are absolutely twist ing the truth.") The SPEAKER—Order. I must ask the hon. member to withdraw that expression. Mr. SOLOMON — 1 said the hon. member was twisting the truth, and I claim, in withdrawing that statement, to say that in quoting as he has done he has quoted one-half the truth Only. Tlve SPEAKER—Will the hon. member take his seat? I desire to treat all parties in exactly the same way. The hon. mem ber is not in order in saying that another hon. member was twisting the truth, and I ask him to withdraw that expression without any explanation. Mr. SOLOMON—I withdraw the expres sion, and say that the hon. member is wil fully misquoting What I said as reported in "Hansard." Mr. ROBERTS (continuing) snid he had conclusively proved that Mr. Solomon was in a position that no gentleman ought to be in. (Mr. Solomon—"You have proved what you are.") Tlie position was that lie had quoted "Hansard" of last year, which conclusively proved the contor tions indulged In by the hon. member, whom he had hit excep tionally hard, and who did not like it. As usual, when the hon. member was struck hard, he bit and showed his hand. He was now in a condition that would almost warrant Mr. Concybeer in applying for his incarceration in a place lower down than this House. (Mr. Solomon—'iSfou are be neath contempt.") He would read a little further ont and if the hon. member .could get any comfort out of it he was entitled to it. He knew exactly what he was going to read and the condition into which the hon. member would get. The remainder would prove conclusively that he was jus tified in reading it. "If was the proper course to adopt, instead of springing it on the people just before an election." (Mr. Sclomon—"You can read it all.") The hon. member did not know what lie was going to read, and it would be to that member's in terests to refrain from reading. (Mr. Solo mon—"What I said in answer to Mr. Poynton' was—'Withdraw the Hill, and I will go for the referendum.' ") Unfortu nately that statement did not appear in print. That was an afterthought. (Mr. Solomon—"I will prove that it is in print.") Hon. members knew lie bad given support to the measure. There was no audience throughout Australasia, if the question was put logically before them, hut would agree to the necessity for an alteration of the Constitution for the Legislative Coun cil, and the course before them was the carrying of the alteration. The only re marks they could obtain from the Opposi tion were that dire results would follow from the" passing of the measure. That had been said about every measure of re form, hut on no occasion had those prog nostications been verified. Where then was the strength of continual croaking? Mem bers of the Opposition recognised that the wealthy had a power in South Australia which they used in an inimical manner to wards the poorer classes of the community. The time had arrived when the alteration should be made. Two-tliirds of the electors had said so. (Mr. Wood—"Then why refer it to them again.") The hon. member vaR interjecting in his customary insane man ner. Hon. members knew his position wjs almost beneath contempt. He should have stuck to his best friends, over whose shoul ders he crawled into prominence, the duties to which he had forgotten. It was madness to suppose that the Labour Party woulcr advocate a measure inimical to the inte rests of the country people, when the whole record of that party proved how carefully and beneficially tjhey had watched and improved the condi tions surrounding producers. The measure would have the best possible results, par ticularly in the country districts, and, strengthened in that conviction, he asked • hon. members to support them. Mr. VON DOUSSA said the Rill had pass ed its third reading, to use a colloquialism, | by the skin of its teeth, and the other ! House would recognise that it was after due deliberation in the Assembly. : He was prepared to quote some of Mr. Bur- j goyne's remarks to show that it was abso lutely necessary, in the interests of consis tency, truth, and honourable dealing, that he should have voted against the measure. Unfortunately, that member was not pre sent. (Mr. Roberts—"You ought to re sped old age-") His vote would not be counted. (The Commissioner of Grown Lands—"He paired, and that Would count.") He did claim the vote of Mr. Foster, because he advocated the £18 fran chise with a fervour akin to religion.' He would have nothing else, and* his exact words on July 27 last were—"Personally his sympathies were not in the direction of 1 household suffrage." If his sympathies' were not in that direction, why was his vote there? Language was said to be given to men to conceal their thoughts, and the ut terances of some hon. members musk surely have been made to conceal their: votes. He could not understand a member j who 'could speak deliberately, and holding j the views he gave expression to, vot- ] ing against those utterances. In the second j reading dabate Mr. Footer said—"Perso- ! lially his syrapaithies were not in the direc tion of household suffrage." He (the speaker) interjected—"Now we know where you are;" and Mr. Foster replied "Yes, and for -the nejet six years they would know where he was, because he was generally pretty pronounced." He claimed the hon, member's vote on that side of the House for the next six years if he was a truthful man. Later <on Mr. Foster had said—"He hoped at least some good fruit would come from the Bill, not in its present form—because he had not the least hope thati it would be accepted—but in an amended form, which would be acceptable to the whole people." Mr. Foster was very strong in voting against his convic tions. (Mr. Foster—"If you are a bit manly you will quote something else.") Those were his words, and it was absurd for a man, to take the position Mr. Foster had. The strongest indictment made against the Government was by a member who voted for the measure—Mr. Morris. No one could have been stronger in his condemnation of the action of the Government than Mr. Morris, an.d yet that member was found voting with them. On August 15 Mr. Morris said—"He could not understand why legislative reform had been placed second only to federation, when it was apparent to everybody that by federation (the whole aspect of legisla tion in this colony would be changed. Why embitter itflae relations between tlic two Houses, when virtually those two Houses would shortly be elected on a different ba sis? To infer teat if the Council ivould not give way there would be a dissolution \- -and the inference was clear from recent Ministerial speeches—was to threaten to plunge the country into what may be term ed internecine strife. For what? The grati fication of Ministers amd a few of their thick-and-thin supporters." Listen to those words coming from behind the Ministerial benches by a Ministerial supporter, and one who voted with the Ministry that day. And for what? "The gratification of Minister* and a few of their thick-and-thin suppor ters." The hon. member proceeded to say ■—"It appeared Ito him that the trouble between the two Houses wss a deliberate act for party purposes." ''Save me from my* friends" might well be said. What stronger condemnation of the Ministry could tlicy have had? Wherever was there a bigger Daniel rising in judgment than the hon. member? When they found hon. members uttering certain sentiments and voting like they did, no wonder if the coun try asked—"Where are they?" If the ho nest convictions of the representatives of the people had been recorded household suffrage would never have had a ghost of a chance. If the referendum had been a question of the present franchise, a £15 franchise, or household suffrage j they would have found that the present | franchise would possibly have had a very sweeping majority over household suffrage, j That was never fairly put before the eoun try at the referendum. The referendum did not mean anything because it was not constitutionally put. Therefore many mem bers had sheltered ithiemselves behind the votes wf their constituents, lion, members, in voting as they had done, had done viol lence to their own good sense. He felt that somewhat of an honour had been done him. ■by the many references to his few remarks, and lie took no exception to ilhc criticism except that by Mr. Roberts, who was infi nitely more eloquent than he was accurate. At 6.30 p.m. the sitting of the House was suspended until 7.30. VII ICtfUIJMIJg, Mr. VON DOUSSA said Mr. Roberts, in ibis address, notable for nils length, its un doubted eloquence and ability, amd the in dustry displayed in its preparation, made onslaughts upon various hion. members who ventured 'to differ from liis enlightened opi nion. After dealing with various hon. members who had spokiein, Mr. Roberta «;:id—"They -went further, and came to Mr. von Doussn, a gentleman Who on two dis tinct occasion a since his entry into Parlia ment had desired to impress them with the opinion that he represented or belonged to a particularly exal'ted class. In fact, on the second occasion he felt that had it been a few years ago, before the duties and respon sibilities of political life weighed on ham, he should have been seriously tempted to in sert a piin in a tender portion of his anato my, and if blue blood did not exude from the wound he should have taken the conse nuiemees of contradicting tihe statement." (Mr. Wood—"The hon. member did not mean it.") The hon. member used those j expressions in a carefully prepared speech, i But he (the speaker) had never put him- j self on an exalted plane and pretended to belong to amy superior class, such us had been suggested. He defied the hon. mem-1 ber to show any addresses he had delivered in the House or any published report of his remarks outside which would give tlio smallest justification for such misrepresen tation of what he had said. Nothing he had said or thought of saying would put himself above other hon. members. So far as the reference to the prick of a pin was concerned, if a similar operation were performed on the hon. member he was •afraid that, instead of blue blood, it would be very black blood which would exude. The hon. member's misrepresenta tion was habitual. He said — "Wiiil* speaking Mr. von Doussa delivered himself of the following:—'In some instances the arrangement of districts was such that the town element overwhelmed the country. The Southern District of the Legislative Council was composed of seven divisions, and an hon. member of another Chamber, a gentleman of great ability, when elected was neither first nor second on the poll in six out of seven divisions. He was elected owing to an overwhelming majority in East Torrens.'" The hou. member pro ceeded—"That was another attempt to mislead the country against the city. Was he referring to Mr. Kirkpatrick?" (Mr. Roberts—"Hear, hear.") Whether the hon, member claimed to be accurate wben he asked that question he did not know; what he said wag that an lion, member in another Chamber owed his position to the fact that one district out of seven returned him. Mr. Kirkpatrick was not a member of that House, and he could not have re ferred to him, so that at was worse flisin misleading. Mr. Roberts asked—''Was he referring to Mir. McGregor? If so the case was still more glaring. Mr. McGregor was elected by the outside districts, and had a majority of 50 over Mr. Tomkinson, the third man, before coming to East Torrens, and that 60 was increased to hundreds by the votes in the suburban dia- tricte." (Mr.. Roberts—"Is that incorrect?") Abso lutely incorrect, as most statements of the horf. member on the floor of the House were. He defled the hon. member to prove his statement, but he would show that he had absolute authority for his statement, and defy the hon. member to show that he had any authority for bis statement. He held in his hand a copy of the voting for the Upper House election in the Southern District in 1891, and that showed as clearly as figures could show that, so far from Mr. McGregor being elec ted in the country districts and coming to East Torrens increasing there, Mr. McGre gor was not at all the elect of these coun try districts, but it was Mr. Cohen. (Mr. Roberts—"I never contradicted that. It is too deep for you, I can see.") The statement that "Mr. McGregor was elected by the outside districts" was absolutely untrue. The SPEAK Pit—The hon. member is not in order in saying that an hon. mem ber's statement is absolutely untrue. Mr. VON DOUSSA said it was an abso lute misstatement then. The returns showed 'that there were five candidates for two seats. There were six districts in the country and the suburban district of East Torrens. Six of those districts in the country would have hone of Mr. McGregor, but they placed Sir Edwin Smith at the head of the poll, and Mr. Cohen second by 160 or 160 votes above Mr. McGregor. When they came to East Torrens Mr. Mc Gregor's votes were 1,031 against Mr. Co hens 476, and the result was that Mr. McGregor got the second position, and that was entirely due to the vote recorded in that district. In the country districts Mr. McGregor was neither first nor second, end lie was only thtird in two and fourth in four. (The Attorney-General—"Don't you know Mr. Cohen and Mr. McGregor were on the same Liberal ticket?" Hon. W. B. Rounsevell—"How did they treat Cohen?" The Afctorniey-GetnieraJ—"Yon can not get three men in two places.") He did not go into that aspect. He was dealing with what had been said on 'the floor of the House. Mr. Roberts went on to say—"To make a statement of that description stami>cd the hon. member as one of two things. Either be did not know that the Constitution had been alter ed, and if so they could look upon him as a merely superficial lawyer, or he was misrepresenting the case. They knew that he was not a superficial lawyer, so that the alternative was that, with all his exalted rank, forensic eloquence, and legal acumen, he could not bring forth arguments to sup port him without misrepresenting the oase." He said that Mr. McGregor was not first or second in six out of the seven districts, and that that gentleman was returned en tirely by the overwhelming vote of the la bour people in East Torrens. (Mr. Ro berts—"You spoke half the truth, and made a deliberate misrepresentation.") He re peated again, and ne would keep on repeat ing it, as long as he could stand up, the statement (The Attorney-General— "Oh, no you won't. There is a Standing Order adopted in view of your coming to the House to prevent idle repetitions.") lie had as much right to stand on that floor as the Premier, and lie was not going to have his character impugned so long as he could stand up. He would stand there and repeat again and again the misrepresenta tion of the member for Gladstone. There were two candidates wanted for No. 2 dis trict, and Mr. McGregor was neither first nor second in six out of the seven districts. It was the overwhebning labour vote, in conjunction with the plumping, in Ea«t Tor rens, that brought him into the Upper House. Mr. Roberts, in making such state ments, proved that bis shafts had been en venomed with the ix)ison of misrepresenta tion, and if he aspired to the profession to which lie (the speaker) belonged, he would have to reform liis character, because if there was one thing which the Judges re probated. more than another, it was mis representation of either law or facts. Mr. Roberts would find that honesty was the best policy. Then he said that he (the speaker) when speaking of Mr. Burgoyne did not respect old age. Perhaps he himself was double the age of Mr. Roberts, and could give him a little fatherly advice—be truthful and honest. (Mr. Roberts—"T ad rnire vour pluck, but. not your judgment.") ISO or,e should make ' a. state moot unless it had the sub stratum of truth in it. (Mr. Roberts—"J will resign my seat if yon can prove that I have made an incorrect statement.") He would take the lion, member at his word, and the District of Gladstone would have another election. In no country district in the Southern Division was Mr. McGregor first or second, and that was the statement impugned. Mr. McGregor was never more than third in two districts, and only fourth in four country districts. And that was what had caused the ill-feeling, for it show ed that the town labour vote would over whelm the country vote, and those were the misrepresentations used. He was aware that the Rill had arrived at that stage vben further speaking would not be ot much avail. He would like to tell the Pre mier that in pursuing the course lie was he might be satisfied, because of bis contract with the Labour Party, and that lie whs doing a grand and noble work. However, tbc real producers were much opposed to the attitude that the Attorney-General had taken up, not only in the House, hut :n going round the country and fomenting ill feeling. and vilifying and ridiculing the other House, which was composed of hon. ; members of as high standing and noble a name as the Attorney-General. There were the Hon. .T. L. .Stirling, Sir R. C. Raker, and others who, and their ancestors, had done valued service to the colony, and were they utterly opposed to the best interests of the workers? To go about the country was beneath the dignity of the Premier of a colony. Mr. Kingston was following the behests of the party behind him, and he had to go where they commanded, and say what they wanted. The Premier was sup ported by the Treasurer in going about the country, creating excitement and fomenting ill-feeling in the community. The Attoriiev Geneibl spoke of conserving the political rights, but he (the speaker) would ask, had the people of South Australia ever had reason to complain of political serfdom? No. They were prepared to take the good seasons with the bad seasons, and good Governments with bad, and the present Go vernment was very, very bad—to the super lative degree. The Government should be able to hold the scales evenly in the bal ance for all parties in the community, and they should not take up action for one class only. He met a producer only the other day, before thfj beneficent rains, and was condoling with him on the bad outlook. The producer burst into poetry, and said— " 'The drought is had, hut far worse still is Premier Kingston's Suffrage Bill.' For Heaven's sake, don't burden us with Pre mier Kingston's Suffrage Bill." He said the drought would pass away, but with the Household Suffrage Bill they would be manacled to the Labour Party. (The At torney-General—"Did this producer say all that.") Yes; and a good deal more. Tt was not in that language, it was in language unparliamentary, arid he could not use it there. If the Attorney-General had gone down fco the Show-grounds he could not have failed to have heard them talking in de nunciatory terms of his action. And then at the meeting at the Town Hall, when they rose and cheered the statement which was. to the effect that this proposal was in imical to the best interests of South Aus tralia, and was the artful dodge of the art ful dodger. (The Attorney-General—"It was nothing of the sort.") That wtas the re mark, and the Attorney-General dare not say that it was not a truthful report, or that it was only a piece of "The Register" reporting. (The Attorney- General—"1 do say it was nothing of the sort. I say I got from Mr. Johnson & statement in writing to say that it wag not used in the sense re presented in 'The Register' paragraph.") He would hove to be prepared to make a declaration, and he would go further, and make an affidavit.to say that those words were absolutely used. ~ He did not know what mental reservation there might have been, but he did know that the statement was unanimously accepted by the audience. The Attorney-General's influence was as tounding, and he did not know whether, by the exercise of this influence, lie had been able to induce Mr. Johnson to make these remarks. (The Alltorney-Gene ral—"I got a letter from Mir. Johnson without seeing him." Mr. Oaetine—"I heard hi in say the words.") All he could say was that tlie report, as all reports which emanated from both the leading newspaper honestly stated what Mr. Johnson said. In ithat report the word# were related as they were spolcen, and they met with the unanimous opinion of 1,500 or ],G00 people from all parts of the colony, who were vaetly more to South Australia tlian the few people who belonged to the Trades and Labour Party assembled to hear the Premier at Port Pirie. The other side that afternoon had absolutely every vote they could get, and numbered no mora than thirty wotes, including the two mem bers who were aivay. He asked with Sir John Downer and Mr. McDonald where did tills vote show the least justification for that disturbance in their political life which was imminent? And as to the wea pon with which the Upper House was threatened, had the edge not been taken off and the point of the dog ger broken? They were told, on the dmifcro duction of the measure, wiiih muoli vaunt-, ing, that the majority last year in its fa vour was 2 to 1—34 to 17. What had hap pened in the interval? There had been a general election, at which, household suf frage was made the most prominent sub ject, half the 'time of the candidates on the average being devoted to dt, and instead of there being even an ^indorsement of the old House's opinion, it had been negatived tip the extent of se ven votes. The mew As sembly had cast twenty-eight voltes for household suffrage against thirty-four last year. Only a haire absolute majority had been obtained—to speak colloquially, it had beon pulled through by the skin of its teeth. (Air. Peake—"If you are fair you vi'l give us credit for thirty votes." Mr. Batchelor—"Two aire absent.") They could take the figures the oth<it way, too, be cause there were absentees at the lime oil the Opposition side. It was understood that iriie Government did not expect the di vision that day. Hut the supporters of the Till could count no more than thirty votes, while opponents could have got four more making the figires 30 to 23-<i difference of only seven votes, against seventeen last year, and this efter all that liad been said about the alleged political serfdom of the people. Idle referendum really induced some membeira to vote on the other aide, because they were no more in sympathy with bouse hold suffrage than he was. The ^£15-friuieh.ise supporters had voted fotr the Bill in llie hope uheut a compromise would be lnade, aud that any political difficul ties would be obviated. The eounitry people were left with little choice when the referendum was taken, because no in termediate course was offered to them, and. the result of the referendum and of th6 division that day did not truthfully repre sent the feeling of the community, Honest views had not been able to get expression, because of the conflicting opinions as to what really would be the best. If th6 matter were fairly put before the people lie believed that an abundant majority would be in favour of allowing the Com stitution to stand as at present, and against a £15 franchise and household or adult suffrage. Those who believed in the £15 proposal had allowed themselves to be pull ed over the line, us in a tug-of-war. They had been brought to household suffrage, and the smallest breath would carry them to adult suffrage, the end which the Go vernment desired, and then to the ultimate goal which Mr. Price honestly, candidly, and vehemently said he looked for—the abolition of the Legislative Council, and government of South Australia by one House. No doubt Mr. Price's desire was shared by tho~e who surrounded him. The Premier said that that was not bis wish. He might blind the eyes of the people of Port Pirie and flalaklavn, but he was put ting the weapon into the bands of the people to abolish the Council, and Mr. Kingston might stand up with all his titles, his Premiership, and his aspirations for the future guidance of Australian affairs, and tell the people that they were going too fur, but he would never be able to stop them. Once they had the weapon they would use it. (The Treasurer—"Jt will make the Council stronger.") He would not attempt to ans wer such an argument. (The Treasurer— "Sir John Downer's argument proves it beyond dispute.") Place the two Houses on the same basis of representation and one or the other must succumb, and the sequence of what wan now proposed would be the abolition of the Council. It was necessary that the tactics of the Ministry should be exposed to the public gazec Many of those who were the backbone of the country read the reports of the debates, and did not know what they in the innet circle of politics knew, and did not see through the objects and aims of politicians. They perused the debates, and said:—r "Now, this reads splendidly. Grand! The Premier is going to stand up for the rights of the people! We are going to be protected fav him!" If they could only really see the aim and the object of the Premier, and the force behind which impelled this question, they would have very different opinions. Would the Premier say if the other House rejected the Bill, as be hoped and practi cally knew it would, that he would punira the Assembly and also the Council and create a turmoil throughout the country when the farmers were gathering in the harvest and have another general election? Por What purpose? Perhaps to secure a House constituted as the present one was, or with less supporters, because those mem bers who had spoken one way and voted another would be called to account. As suming that he would have a House con stituted as it was at present, in his wildest hopes lie could not dream that he would not have a Council stronger against him than the present one, and where was the advantage of putting the oppressed conn niunity, which was now crying out about the amount of taxation, tothe wanton, wilful, and wasteful expense of. £5,000 or £6,000 oyer another election? Cui bono? Would the Premier tell them the future intentions: of the Go vernment?- He did hot want to prophesy, bnt.put a supposititious case. If the Legis lative Council threw out the Bill, would be use. all the constitutional means which he had threatened to use to enforce the will of, the people, and give the elec tors of South Australia another oppor tunity of doing what they had just done? There were those who were called the members of the Thirteen Club, No. 1 room, and all sorts of designations intended to throw obloquy upon men who were as honourable and up right, and had an infinitely greater stake in the country than the whole of the mem bers of the Treasury Benches put together, lud who were devoting lliemselves to the Interests and welfare of South Australia, If the Government were there to control the affairs of South Australia entirely for the benefit of one section, as he believed they were, he could understand the Premier's attitude; but if they were occupying their position as any Government should in the interests of all sections of the com munity, what was the object of creating turmoil and political strife? He asked the premier to pause before he committed bim lelf to what must mean his absolute politi cal downfall and oblivion in this com munity. Stronger men than he had fallen, and he need~5nly refer to the fact that sometimes the 'hand which had been^ sup porting was withdrawn. In New South Wales the support of the Labour Party was withdrawn from Mr. Reid, and that politician fell; and he would say, to the Premier to look . at "the - handwrit ing on the. wall — "Mene Mene Tekel." He could almost see the people whose hand would write on the wall smiling, and he advised the Premier to beware. Mr. Kingston had carried out their behests, and his position was due to them, and he counselled him to be cautious. His vehemence and desire to further their interests might carry him beyond the point beyond which it might he dangerous for his political welfare to go, and he counsel led him to say that he had gone far enough. Mr. ROBERTS desired to make a per lonal explanation regarding the splenetic Mitburst of the hon. member. Referring to the election of 1894, contested by Sir Ed win Smith, Mr. McGregor, Mr. Tomkin boii, and Mr. Cohen, the hon. member had charged him with having made an incorrect statement. What he had said was that so far as Mr. Tomkinson was concerned, who was third in the final result, Mr. McGre gor was elected by a majority of fifty in out side centres. If that statement was incor rect lie was prepared to take the most ex treme course open to any hon. member, and resign his seat. That statement was cor rect, and the hon. member -wilfully and maliciously misrepresented him. Mr. MORRIS said he would not have spoken had it not been for Mr. von Doussa, but he would remind him— A lie that is all a lie may be met and fought outright. But a lie that is half a lie is a harder matter to fight. Mr. von Douwa bad quoted from his speech, but that member did not follow up the explanation he had given which in honour he should have. It was a deliberate attempt to mislead the country and the House. Mr. von Doussa looked forward to a dissolution, and he had spoken to influ ence his constituents. He did not blame the Opposition for their policy. It was their duty to do what they thought was right, hut having been beaten in a fair fight they should not waste-time further. In speaking on the referendum he said he would be hound by it, although he would prefer a £15 franchise. If tne Legislative Council would only put forth the £15 franchise as a compromise a majority of the House would ne found supporting it, even against the Government. He did not know what the intentions of the Government werfe, and he did not care, because he was not afraid to face his constituents, but he thought it was needless to waste further time. Mr. FOSTER said he had been interested in the lecture delivered by Mr. von Doussa. He was pleased that he declared that honesty was the best policy, but his speech was not in accord with that sentiment. He was reckless in his statements, and un fair. Mr. -von Doussa had quoted him very unfairly—unpardonably so—because the hon. member was no novice, even Lliough he was a political novice. That member had represented him as saying 'Personally he was not partial to house hold suffrage, and had not discussed the .jucstion before his constituents," and had stopped there. , (Mr. von Doussa—"1 did not say a word about your constituents.") iso niuch the worse. The hon. member had ended t the quotation at the word "suf frage." He had requested the hon. mem ber two or three times by interjection to read the whole sentence, but to no pur pose. What he did say, as reported in 'Hansard," was—"Personally he was hot partial to household suffrage, and had not discussed the question before his constitu ents; but in reply to questions be had pledged himself t» abide by the mandate of his constituents;" and he was now go ing to redeem that pledge. (Mr. von Doussa—"I quoted you from page 202 of j 'Hansard.'") The hon. member knew his position very well, because he had discussed ] it with him, and he (the speaker) had | more than once told him why he could i not vote for the £15 qualification. Mr. 1 von Doussa was equally unfair to Mr. Price, | who most distinctly had assured the House that in speaking in favour of the abolition ! of the Legislative Council he was speaking as an individual, and not as a member of the Labour Party. There was no excuse for Mr. von Doussa misrepresenting the hon. member as he had. (Sir John Powner— "But the party would not say what they meant. I asked them.") Mr. von Doussa further said he hoped the country would take notice of his vote. Doubtless the hon. member meant his (the speaker's) consti tuency. Well, his constituency always did take notice of his vote, and the electors had never yet found him go back on a pledge or oh his political principles. He was sorry Mr. von Doussa had referred to his (the speaker's) colleague, because he must know that Mr. Burgoyne had come from a sick-bed—being exceedingly and dangerously ill, he feared—in order to re deem his pledge to his constituents, but had had to return home. (Mr. von Doussa —"I did not say anything .about him.")1 He hon. member started to do so. Mr. von Doussa said that the division on the Government Side was the best obtainable. The fact was that there "were two hon. members away. Mr. vim DousSa had stated that the division on the Household -SuD frage Bill was not so good as it was last year. The hon. member knew that that also was a misrepresentation—an absolute Ind wilful misrepresentation. There was po division last year on the Bill. There was a division, however,1 on the subject of pending the matter to the pteople by refe rendum. He believe<! Jeyery member of the Country Party voted for that, but only.one. member of that) party could.nave, voted for the direct issue. . The division that day was a strong step in advance- of the division of last year. He challenged any denial of' that statement. . Mr. von Doussa, in his political simplicity, Was making a very serious mistake when he tnought country people believed tbe sort of nonsense whien he talked. 'The division that day, about which so-much.exultation was shown by the Opposition, was a proof , that the Bill was gaining support. If they took away from the Opposition numbers the five or six supporters of the £15 franchise the Opposition would be left with men on the conservative side of politics. Mr. voh Doussa had referred to a wonderfully en thusiastic and memorable gathering fn the Town Hall. He (the. speaker) had been told that a very good sprinklipg of those present on that occasion werg young men and women who were not old enough to exercise the franchise. But even if the Ade laide Town Hall was packed with people from all corners of the colony, what then? The whole thing was in a nutshell. It was a question of conservative influence in the colony being in danger. On the question of consistency, he might point out that every member of the Country Party had voted according to his pledge to his con stituents. But what about the other side? What about the impression made on the mind of Mr. Shannon in regard to the £15 clause? Mr. von Doussa on that occa sion was unable to tell the House what he was going to do till after the adjournment for dinner. He knew a little about it, so the hon. member had better not interject too loudly. Mr. Shannon had been misled; if any man had ever been , misled, and two members of his party who went so far as to commit themselves had tried to get back, but could not, and had to re cord their votes for the £15 franchise. What about straight-going when Mr. von Doussa recommended another place not lo give way despite the fact that twenty-eight members had voted with the Government, though two stanch supporters were away, and half a dozen votes more should have come from theothersideof the House for £15. He (the speaker) had been charged with in consistency because he followed the refer endum, and in that respect was satisfied to be a delegate of his peonle. He voted far the referendum, and that was the only consistent course he could take. He h-trl pledged himself to abide by the mandate of i his constituents. That was more consistent than the conduct of some Opposition members who suggested a referen i dum, and then said it was unconsti tutional because it was inconvenient, and did not pan out just as they expected. (Mr. Castine—"Are you referring to the Minister of Education?") He was referring to Mr. Homburg and others. The principal so-called argument advanced against the Bill was that if it were carried the Labour Party would rule the colony and the Go vernment. Strange to say, Mr. Wood got up and declared tHat the Government were ruling the Labour Party. (Mr. Wood— "That is absolutely the fact.") When doc tors disagreed they ought to allow the people to decide. With adult suffrage lor thafHeuee of Assembly the Labour Party had only a representation of ten members, so that the so-called argument he had re ferred to was no argument at all. During the last election he never mentioned house hold suffrage, except in answer to ques tions, but if he had to go before his con stituents again he would take a solid hour and talk about nothing else, giving a ten years' review of the Parliamentary history of South Australia, and quoting "Han sard" correctly and faithfully. He could keep the people together for an hour on this question very comfortably. Mr. Copby impetuously, and without thought, when the division was taken, had called out that those members who represented the pro ducing interests were traitors to the Seople thev represented. That was spleu id coming from Mr. Copley, when one re collected that the Country Party represen ted the very class of people who introduced the hon. member to political life, and who-.e interests were abandoned by him. After wards Mr. Copley was abandoned by thein. It came with very poor grace from "Mr. Copley, who, when he was returned to the Legislative Council, declared that his mis sion was to ring the death-knell of monopo lism and conservatism in that Chamber. He would ask the people who were th.-ir friends. Who had given them the legisla tive measures in which they rejoiced most to-day? Undoubtedly the producers' re presentatives, with the assistance of the Labour Party, in the very teeth of the men who wan ted to resist any liberalization in the franchise for the Legislative Council to-day. The people knew that. Mr. Price enrlier in the day referred to the statement that the Legislative Council would come back stronger. So it would, and he wanted it to come back stronger. That was their game. That was'{lie truth in a nutshell. It meant that if the majority of the Coun cil representing the Conservative vote was going to stand resolutely and unbendingly against the undoubtedly expressed will of the people they might have a temporary triumph, but such a reaction would set in as would give the people not the £15 fran chise, not household suffrage, but absolute political equality. (Hon. W. B. Rounse veli—"That is your game.") His game was reasonable; the hon. member's was de void of reason. The members of the Op position had failed to give sufficient reason why the federal franchise should not also be the local franchise. He had not advo cated it; but if a man went to work honestly with a desire to get to the poli tical truth logically it would land him at political equality. There were forces working to-day in the direction of poli tical equality, and if the Conservatives could only see the trend of the times they would be only too delighted to compromise. (Hon. W. B. Rounsevell—"Now we see the trail of the serpent.") It was not. It was the deep, everlasting principle of truth that was underlying the principles of poli tical equality. Sheldon's books were going I to work a great revolution in the political ' world, and were preparing the public mind when political equality would be recognised as was religious equality. (Mr. Darling— "Will taxation go with it?") The hon. member was wise in not trotting out cer tain principles to which he took exception in the Federal Constitution, which, if gene rally taken up by the Conservative side, would have meant the ruin of the measure. If they had had the auestion of household suffrage mixed up with federation, and the concession to the local Parliament had been refused, they would not have got; federa tion. How were those members who were going to run the- elections for the Federal Parliament.going to justify their attitude, when they sought the suffrages i of the whole of the people, with their, resistance of any liberalization, of the franchise?! The constitution bf the Council now was con servatism, and it was onlv the liberal lea ven in it that had saved the Chamber until to-day. If the Council raised the ciy of "No surrender!" he would raise bis voice wherever he could get an audience, and lot the people know who were their friends and who their enemies. In many respects the Council's Acts had been liberal, but that ;was, to> regain the fanners' vote, whicbthey had . lost. Those who resisted all liberalization , were not the;-, friends of the Council or the people, and were not conserving the true interests, of the colony. If there were a dissolution and the Council came back stronger, so would the Assembly. Those, who expected any thing else would make a great, mistake. The Liberal Party would not split or work against each other. There would be work done, and it would be done earnestly and honestly—not by the expenditure of money, but by the expenditure of energy and a distribution of influence, in different parts of the colony. Mr. GILES said Mr. Foster muert surely have convinced himself by his own speech that to pass tuie £15 franchise was not carrying out the true principles he had en unciated. (Mr. Foster—"Give us the lot and I will take it."). The horn, member told them that lithe proper principle was aduit suffrage. (Mr.' Poster—"Logically.") He agreed with that. It would be far better to have adult suffrage right off thaui house hold suffrage. But the non. member went furtbar, and gave the adult suffrage wilJh kc-al districts. If thai were the case they would return only town members. _ (The At torney- Genciual—"How can they?") He bad proved it with figures. The hon. mem ber said that the Opposition had right tliiough opposed liberal measures' to tune pcetai-abet and farmer. (Mr. Foster—"I did in it tay anything of the kind." The hon. member .sard producers, which was the same. The other House had always been liberal on both those . counts. Sir John Downer 'had always been on the liberal side for pastoral legislation. From the first day he entered the House lie (the speaker) had been in the vanguard helping the farmer and' producer. The Premier had opposed him. Thait- had gone on for yejirs past. 'They carried the liberal legislation to the fanners by the Commission of 1888 against the Government. Later on the Country Party Uiied to get further liberal 'legisla tion and 'they were oppowd by the Govern ment right through. He had been twitted about 'his action, but be told them last year that he would rather go for adult suf frage wiiL'h the colony as one district. He left that ground simply because he found that it would be far better to ileave it alone until they got federation. He saw clearly that they were going to have increased direct taxation, and the people should have a say regarding who should carefully guard their finances, and if the hon. gentleman said that he could go much stronger on the loss on pas toral improvements. The Treasurer had admitted this year that he (the speaker! was right last year when he told him that he was not making proper provision for the railways. T!he SPEAKER—I think the lion, mem ber ought not to discuss that subject. Mr. GILES said that the question had to do with' taxation, and the Treasurer had admitted that he would have to spend an ■increased sum on the railways this year. (The Treasurer—"I did not put it like' that.") Mr. Gate admitted at the time that tlhiere should be a reserve fund to make good the loss. Why was he twitted maw with altering his policy? (The Trea surer—"You promised adult suffrage and •one district, and you did not keep to it.") He went back to his constituents, and re thinking the matter over, and after consi derable thought, he came to the conclusion t'l.at until federation they ought not to touch the other House at all, and that later on the best thing would be to go for the election of the other House on. adult suffrage and one district, reducing the num ber of members. The present autocratic Government were taking away the powers and liberties of Parliament. (Mr. Batche lor—"What has that got to do with slide?") He defied any hon. member to show that on any occasion he had broken faith with promises to his constituents. (Mr. Roberts—"Stopping the alienation of Crown lands.") Every time he spoke hesaid be would go against non-alienation of Crown lands except the town and country lands. (Mr. Roberts—"When the vote tame on you went dead against it.") He did no such thing. The SPEAKER—The hon. member will see that this is not She subject under dis cussion. | Mir. GILES said (the interjections were responsible. Iiis election clearly showed that the farmers were not in favour of I household suffrage. He was returned by I (he fanning vote in the country places from one end to the other, althougn the Petersburg vote was against him. He had opposed to him three local men, and one ' candidate had tihe solid vote of Petersburg and the Labour Party. Tlfte fainming por tions of Frome represented a majority against household suffrage, and even sf they took the email towns and blockers into consideration. The railway vote at Petersburg and along the railway line gave the majority in favour of household suf frage. The majority of the farmers were opposed to household suffrage. Mr. DARLING said that Mr. Foster that evening distinctly said that last year no vote was taken or.i< household suffrage in this House. If the hon. member turned up "Hansard" for September 27, 1898, page 553, he would find that the second reading was declared carried, and tihait Sir John Downer called for a division, which resul ted as follows:—Ayes, 32; Noes, 17. On the third reading on. household suffrage the division resulted — 32 Ayes, 15 Noes, with two pairs for the Ayes and two for the Noes. Thai!; was concerned by the Treasurer, and made very much of by him from time to time that the vote last year was 34 to 17. They were told, too, that the country had un mistakably spoken by the referendum, and by the members returned to the House in favour of the proposal. But that night, there was no appearance of the 34 to 17. Take the 28 plus two members absent through illness, and they had 30. On the other side they had all the members wlm could have voted, and if one or two had not been absent through unforeseen circum stances they would have had 23, so that the, majorities of the people, which were gradual;;* increasing as represented by the Treasurer, were now gradually diminishing, for they stood that night with 30 against 23, com pared with 34 to 17 last year. The Trea surer would not dispute those figures. (The Treasurer—"I will show you directly.") It had been said that the Opposition were extremely conservative, but the Opposition were doing .what the country and the people desired. (The Treasurer—r"Wjiat the majority of the people want.") He did not think that the will of the people had been ascertained.; . No referendum -of the other House was taken. The Government merely desired to: have the power to .use-a threat over the other Chamber. T^ie delay - nor expense wan no consideration {to the Go vernment as Jong as they could get a wea pon by which to create a cause of friction, and if possible to bring the Upper House into somewhat bad repute. That was all that the Premier desired. They found the Premier travelling throughout the country indulging in nothing but a tissue of abuse against some hon. members of . this House who differed with him, or against some members of the other House who could be Credited with candour and straightforward • nessin their utterances. The Premier went'about the country maligning those hon. members, and' maligning tnem on the ground of their want 01 consistency. The monument "of inconsistency' was tne Pre mier. It was not long since the Premier op posed payment of members. (The Attorney General—"I never gave a vote against pay ment of membere in my life.") Well, they would see. A division was taken on July 14, 1881 (page 202 of "Hansard"). Amongst those who had voted against pay ment of members he found the following names. (The Attorney-General—"What date was this?") July 14. In the divi sion-list of those who voted against the proposal were the names of C. C. Kingston J. Li. Stirling, E. T. Smith, and J. H.' Symon. What had the Attorney-General to say to that? (The Attorney-General— "I forget. seventeen years ago.") He ! would forgive him that. The next was free education. The Attorney-General had voted against free education. (The Attor ney-General—Yes; I always did.") Was he a supporter of it now? (The Attorney General—"I bow to the referendum.") He found that the Attorney- General also op posed woman suffrage, and that this great friend of the producer" in 1889 opposed seed wheat to the farmers. He also found that Mr. Kingston was opposed to the progressive land tax. This was the con sistent Premier, who was travelling the length and breadth of the country pointing out the inconsistencies of other members. Those who lived in glass houses should not throw stones. He understood one of the great reasons for the change was that the Councilhad opposed liberal legislation, and he was surprised, and agreeably surprised, when he heard Mr. Roberts say that the Trades Hall Party had been' successful in passing liberal legislation for the producer. (Mr. Roberts— Before the Constitution was altered.") Was it not the Upper House that had done all that the Trades Hall Party now took credit for? Why did they support the State Bank? It was l not because the State Bank was going to help the struggling producers, but because i they desired to wage war against private | institutions of a capitalistic nature. The j Treasurer and Dr. Oockburn went into the country, and said that it would knock down I the rates of interest. But whom were they knocking down? They were knocking down the rates of interest of the people who had money in the Savings Bank. The rates would have come down. (Mr. Roberts— "Your firm was charging 10. per cent.") That was absolutely false. The SPEAKER—I must ask the hon. member to withdraw that statement; it is out of order. Mr. DARLING would withdraw, and say it was absolutely incorrect. He thought he ought to know, but some members seem ed to know more about his business than he did himself. (Mr. Hutchison—"Have you ever put a bailiff in?") He had no recollection all the years he had been in business of ever putting a bailiff into a farmer's place. (Mr. Hutchison—"Has any one else done it for you?") He had not been a party to any such thing, and he challenged the hon. member to prove it. (Mr. Hutchison—"I ask you.") It was one of his cowardly insinuations, as usual. The SPEAKER—I must ask the hon. member to confine himself to the subject. Mr. DARLING said that when misstate ments were made he would ask the indul gence of the Speaker and the House to reply. He had no desire to take advantage of his right in that House to say in it what he would not say outside. Another institu tion spoken of was the State Export De partment^ which was originally intended for the purpose of getting the South Australian wines in such a condition that they could go on the English market in a good state. (Mr. Batchelor—"And the Trades Hall Partv amended it.") That department was being run in conjunction with the Wine Depot, and it was now largely used by wealthy squatters and the middle classes at the expense of the taxpayers. (The Trea surer—"It has resulted in keeping up the price of lambs.") And that meant dear meat for the people. He thought that they should make botn ends meet, the same as they had done it in Victoria, where they had revised the charges, so as to make both ends meet, and to prevent that class of business >be was one of those who would do all he possibly could to have the present Constitution maintained. It was sought to give those who did not pay the taxes a voice to determine what should be done. If they had proposed that the taxes should be borne uniformly he was with them, but under federation they knew that all re sponsibilities connected with indirect taxa tion would be taken away from them. The House would only have the power of dcqlr ing with direct taxation, and they could see by whom that taxation would be levied. (Mr. Batchelor—"How?") They knew very well what names were going on the roll, and they further knew where that so-oalled plank of the Kingston Ministry came from. He had distinctly shown on the second read ing, from a piece of paper he had received from the Trades Hall Party, that this was one of their platforms, and the Trades Hall Party and the 6o-caJled United Labour Party had been working at it for some time past. From the speech of Mr. Price one would have thought that the measure had to do with thrift, industry, and the intel ligence of the people. The measure did not mention one of those qualifications. Was there one word about intelligence, thrift, or was there anything about temperance in that Bill, or anything about virtue and ho nesty? There was nothing whatever, so the hon. member got into a state of excite ment oyer matter foreign to the Bill. If taxation carried with it a certain amount of responsibility, then surely the people who bore it were entitled to representation. No one objected to adult suffrage for the Assembly, but the Constitution said that as far as the Upper House was concerned, there should be a limited property qualifi cation as a check on hasty legislation from the popular Chamber. It was only a fair thing, particularly now that indirect taxa tion was going to be removed when they went into the Commonwealth. Who were the Conservatives? Give a man ten acres | of land and a cottage, and they would find that he would becqme a Conservative. They were not the people who asked for this Bill. Those who wanted it were people in the centres of population, who desired to out vote the rest. They wanted to have a free breakfast-table, so that they could escape the little indirect taxation they now bore, and t<; make it up from the land. They had a particular desire to own all the railways, and to work them for their own particular class. He would go back to the case of the Silverton Tramway Company. That Company was content to pay the Govern- | rnent £14,000 a year for the use of its en gines and trucks, but those in power thought it Was desirable to cancel tne ar- ] rangement. The Government of the day ] found that there would be no work for j acme thirty-five enginedrivers who had been employed, but they said that the men must not be discharged, but kept on at the expense of the general taxpayer until some occupation, could be found for them. That had been going on until the management of the railways: was becoming a menace to the people and taxpayers of the colony. It ■Was time the matter was carefully looked ■ Into, What did all this mean about over time in the railways and the jboving of the workshops? (Mr. Roberts—"You fpy get that Mr. Copley, who signed the pfoi Commission.") He ah} grass report of the ... T not care who signed it. He had his own opinion about it. A great injustice baa been done to South Australia, and there were injustices going on at the present time. Did any member believe that if the railways were leased (hey would not give 0 better return to the State than they did new? (Mr. Hutchison—"The people would pay for it.") No: the rates would not be raised, nor would wages be reduced, but the railways would be managed on com mercial lines, and no man would be em ployed unless there was work for him to no. If they were going to have State railways by all means keep them from poli tical control, which wtas not the case to day. The Treasurer had said that he heard no arguments from him (Mr. Darling) to answer. As far as the Treasurer was con cerned, with all his figures and his fighting, he had not adduced any argument why the Constitution should be altered. (The Treasurer—"It is nothing that 100,000 people have no vote so long as you have got yours.") If they bore their share of taxa tion he would give them a vote, but no taxa tion, no representation in the Council, a bat was where the equity of the thing came in. He did not desire to do Un injustice to any man, and as far as honour and integrity were concerned, he claimed to have as higli a standard as any Minister of the Crown. He further would like to say to the Premier that abuse was no argument. These up country vapourings of the Premier were all abuse and no argument. The vote that day, thirty to twenty-three, compared with that of last year, thirty-four to seventeen, showed that the voice of the House and country was nothing like as favourable to an alteration of the Constitution as it was said to be twelve months ago. In another twelve months, he should not be at all surprised if a referendum were taken on household suffrage as framed in this Bill, by which the population centres would be represen ted even to lodgers, the majority would -be on the other side. (Mr. Roberts—"I ask that those words should be taken down.") He believed that at the rate they were going on, and with the experi ence of the figures, that by-and-by the ma jority would be in favour of maintaining the Constitution as at present, more pat' ticularly when the Bill gave a vote to ... ii-'-No.") lodgers. (The Attorney-General vviJat uiu uj. a u wcuing meau i J.tit? Premier could not throw duet in hiB eyed. Any one who paid 2b. or 5b. a week for a room would certainly be entitled to a vote. Any amount of places would he turned into separate dwellings in this way. He could show members a house in East Torrens where five people asked to be re gistered as voters, and this was how votes would be manufactured to disfranchise the farmers. He hoped that when the Bill went to the other House, the weapon, as the Government called it, would be turned upon themselves, and he hoped that the Council, of which he was justly proud, would show its dignity and maintain its position. (The Treasurer—"The weapon is not one of offence, but defence.") They did not as a rule have an unsheathed dagger. The Bill was intended to create friction between the two Houses, so that there would be a stalking horse for members of the Government to go through the length and breadth of the colony advertising themselves in view of federation, so that they would be returned for a higher cause. He trusted that the Council would> throw upon the Government the responsibility of the two Houses being sent to the country again, with a consequent waste of the tax payers' money, and he did not fear the result. Mr. HUTCHISON said that there had been so much misrepresentation that day that he could not refrain from speaking. Mr. Darling said that the vote this year was a much smaller one than that taken last session, when the numbers were 34 to 17\. He would point out that those num bers were not on household suffrage, but on the referendum. (Mr. Solomon—"They were the numbers on the third reading.") Exactly; after the hon. member had suggested a referen dum, and said that he would abide by it. Mr. Castine had told them that he had the" names of ten members who would have voted against household suffrage if that had been«the question, last year. He ap pealed to the hon. member if that member did not make that statement. The hon. member would not deny it, consequently there was a large increase in the majority in favour of household suffrage. What had Mr. Darling done for the producers since he 'had been in the House? What motion or Bill had be introduced that was for the benefit of the producers? He could not point to one. lie had suggested taking a referendum of both Houses, but he knew that would mean giving the people who had votes for the Legislative Council two votes, and those who had not one vote, for the votes of the voters for the Legisla tive Council would be reckoned twice and the others only reckoned once. In the last referendum they had not only the voters for the Legislative Council, but also the whole adults of the colony. Mr. Darling had entirely misrepresented the position with regard to the State Bank. It was not the desire of those who supported it to destroy the proprietary Banks, but it was established to give assistance to those who could not get assistance from those Banks. In regard to the Savings Bank, those who represented the working classes, who were interested in the stability of that Bank, were not likely to do anything to injure it. If they did they would be worthy to be members of the Opposition. When Mr. von Doussa was speaking he thought they had found the man Diogenes could not find—the one honest man, the juggler with figures. That member had entirely misrepresented . Mr. Roberts. The latter made the following statement in his speech:—"In some instances the arrange ment of districts was such that the town element overwhelmed the country. The Southern District of the Legislative Council was composed of seven divisions, and an hon. member of another Oliamber, a gentle man of great ability, when elected was neither first nor second on the poll in six out of seven divisions. He was elected owing to an overwhelming majority in East Torrens." Mr. Roberts said—"Was he re ferring to Mr. Kirkpatrick? If so he was elected by the country districts. . . . When they came to the.election under the altered Constitution they found Mr. Kirk patrick defeated, both in the country and in East Torrenis, showing the enormous difference adult Suffrage had brought aboyt, notwithstanding that he got 1,000 more votes in 1807 than in 1891. "Was he re ferring to Mr. McGregor? If so the case was still more glaring. Mr. McGregor was elected by the .outside districts, and had a majority of 501 over Mr, Tomkinson, the third man, before coming to East Torrens. He was sorry;Mr. von Doussa had not accepted Mr. ifoberis's challenge, and pro mised, if he were" proved to be wrong, to i resigm because no matter how he twisted the figures he could not get away from the fact that he had misrepresented Mr. Ro berts. Mr.Copley'had made a statement la reference to the motion carried by the , Na tional Defence League," that they -wanted the measure - postponed,' until after_ fede ration, and.thai added that they did not, believe in it-then. Was thsit not deluding | the people? Was that member not acting J the part of a hypocrite? Was the hon. member not leading the people to think they were in. favour of it after federation when they were not in favour of it at alt? That was on a level with the statement of Mr. Darling,, who said that he (Mr. Hutchi son) had misrepresented him the other night when he said he did not draw a com parison between the Legislative Council and the Federal Senate to the electors. He did not misrepresent him, because the hou. member dare not do it. Mr. Giles said the Bill was going to give an enormous vote to ■the country towns, and he instanced East Torrens, but he would ask how was it if they had that power they did not return two Labour members for East Torrens, and if they could not do it now how could they do it in the future? If the adult suffrage vote was so large in country towns how was it: they did not return Labour members for all the country districts which had towns in them ? Mr. Giles had referred to the railway vote. They had adult suffrage now. (Mr. Wood—"They have it now.") They were not likely to get it if they fol lowed the hon. member. Mr. Wood would have to explain how they could get the franchise quicker than under the Bill, be cause he had not 'don^ it yet. (Mr. Wool —"You cannot understand.") If he could not understand there were other members who tould understand even the density of the hon. member. Mr. Wood had done his best to defeat the Bill. (Mr. Solomon— "If he had wanted to defeat the Bill he oonld have crossed the Chamber to-night and it would have been done.") He was afraid to do anything in a straightforward manner, but if there was any roundabout way of doing mischief he was prepared to do it, just as he was prepared to assist 'Mr. Grainger to amend the title. He would point out to Mr. Darling in regard to the question of taxation that if after federa tion there was going to be increased taxa tion every person in the community who had to pay it should have a voice in tlic selection of both Houses. Now was the time adult suffrage should be given to the people. They should not delay the Bill until the time when they had to deal with the question whether . tliey should have one or two Houses. There had never been any mistake about his attitude on that question. He had told his constituents that he was in favour of one House after federation, and a reduction of the membcr. of the Assembly to one-half. Mr. Darling said, and he agreed with him, that the railways were not free from nolitical con trol, but the present Commissioner told them he could not make the railways pay on the present tariff because a certain large Company was getting its ore carried at a less rate than it should have, and when it was proposed to increase it the Oppo si tion told him it could not be done because there was a large Company behind it. He was surprised at the hon. member stating that the Government were paying a large sum annually for work which was not per formed. He did not believe such was the case. The whole of the speeches that day by oppo nents of the Bill had been made for the express purpose of misleading the people in regard bo its provisions. lie .hoped t.-e Bill would be speedily passed. The TREASURER would not add mate rially to tile length of the debate, but litfueire were a few things that bad been said dur ing its progress to which be felt it neces sary to reply. In the first place (hie regret ted that h(he aon-ditionj of affaiue Which pre vailed in years past seemed now to have gone from them apparently for ever. There was a time when matters were keenly fought during tiheir progress in that House, but when once thie House had come to a decision it was recognised as the decision of the House of Assembly, and die mem bers loyally avoided doing any thing to de stroy tne effect of a decision of the House to which they belonged. That afternoon, however, they had had indications that cer tain hon. members were now going to ap peal against their fellow-members' decision, against a majority of the House, to another branch of the Legislature, which they were infcrentiaHy inviting to give to that House a sort of glap in the face. That was not a becoming attitude for membdis of that House to adopt, and. he hoped ithat such a course of conduct would not be persisted in. (Mr. Sp'.omon—"Whu.t about that wea pon of yours?") He was very much sur prised a,t the remarks of some members in reference to the Legislative Council. He was surprised -notably at the remarks of that young member who crowed so loudly from the opposite side of the House, Mr. von Doussa, who declared his conviction that the Legislative Council would throw out this Bill.' He (t/lie speaker) should hesi tate very much indeed to declare his con viction regarding anything of tilie sort. He believed that the function of the Legisla tive Council was to give effect when it was ckanly ascertained to the wiiil of the people of South Australia, and it would be insulting to the Council if he were to con clude that merely for party or other such reasons it wou-ld decline to perform its own puoper function. He did not insult that body by stating there that he believed it would do that which it ought not to do, and leave undone that which it ought to do. He hoped that ihon. members who had been making such statements would see the wrong they had been doing to the other branch of the legislature, whose interests they proftssed to hold so dearly at heart. Then it had been said that the desire of the Government and those who voted with Whem was to destroy the other branch of the Legislature. Mr. Price had put the matter very clearlv that afternoon. If the otlier branch of the Legislature was to be destroyed it would be most surely destroy ed by its deliberately and wilfully with standing the expressed will of the majo rity of South Australian people. Those members like Mr. Darling, who counselled the other branch of the Legislature to take that course, and those who declared that a double dissolution, if it hook place, would result in the other branch of the Legislature coming back in more determined antagonism to the will of the people than ever, went further to wards promoting the destruction of the Le gislative Council than any members on the Ministerial side of the House. That was the course which led. to destruction. The course the Government were taking was that which-led to the establishment of tne Legislative Council on a firmer base than it had ever been before. (Mr. Darling — "It will lose all its dignity and usefulness.") Did the House of Assembly lose dignity or usefulness because it represented the whole of the electors of South Australia? Was that House shorn of any honour or dignity because it had a broad base that would attach to it if it had another? The position was entirely the reverse. By add ing to the foundation on which the other branch of the Legislature rested thev -would.be adding to its etabilitv making it i stronger, more' powerful for good, and -add: Ojj 'auii^ our us aqi !}» jtyioUfp. 831 oj fioj need go no further-in this connection than • to recall the words uttered by bir John Downer sometime ago and so appropriately quoted that afternoon by Mr. Foster, lie wanted to say a word , or two as to the setting of class against class, to which a good deal of reference had been made. I: was said that the Government by visiting various country places - were setting class against class. Who, that day, again had attempted to set town against country and country against town? Who was it that was continually declaring, cither directly'or by inference, that not only ought the city and townships to be partially disfranchis ed, by having less weight attached to the voting in the city and suburbs than at tached to the voting in the country? Who was it that declared from time to time that because people lived in the townships their votes should be regarded as of less value than the votes of the people in more rural districts? It was those people who were setting class against class in, this community of ours, and he protested against it. He protested against any attempt to set the country against the city, class against class. Those who voted for the Bill declared that they were against these class distinctions, and these monopoliesoipolitieal , power. They wished to place everybody cn the same broad level. He returned to those members who used these arguments | the accusation levelled against the Govern ment, and said it belonged not to the Go-1 vernment but to their accusers. (Mr. Paech—"One of the members of the Go vernment started it.") It wa6 impossible for any one to prove that statement. (Mr. Paech—"It was the Commissioner of Pub lic Works.") The remarks of the Commis sioner of Public Works bad demonstrated j very clearly that if this Bill were passed il would add more to the voting power of the* country than to the city. (Mr. Paech— "That started it.") Those remarks by the Commissioner of Public Works were made in answer to arguments that had been used to create this very antago nism. It had been said that the Bill was against the interests of the producers. It had been put several times that this was a BiiJ to enfranchise some 70,000 voters for the Legislative Council, of whom some 30,000 were the wives of those who to-day had : the franchise for that House. (Mr. Cus tine—"To whom you would not give it ! last week.") The hon. member knew that that was a shameful misrepresentation of fact. The hon! member was so constantly guilty of shameful misrepresentations of that kind that he would not stay to answer him any further. (Mr. Castine—"You know you opposed Mr. Glynn's amendment last week; teli the truth.") The hon. member dared to ask him to tell the truth. ; •Mr. Castine—an hon. member whose in ability to quote correctly when he had "Hansard" before him was proverbial in that House—dared to ask him to' tell the truth. As the House knew the hon. mem ber he was tempted to take no notice of his interjections, but as possibly his state ments would get into the newspapers and might be read by some who did not 4tnow them, he (the speaker) would reply to them. What was the proposition of Mr. Glynn to which the.lion, member referred? The Government had a clause in the Bill, the Bill of a majority of that House, pro viding for a vote for the women to whom he was now referring, and Mr. Glynn did not propose to give a vote to a_siiigle soul to whom the Government did not propose to give it. Mr. Glynn's proposition was to give the vote to the wives of the pre sent Legislative Council electors only, and to withhold it from 40,000 other people. It was that withholding which the (govern ment opposed. The Government resisted the limitation proposed, desiring to give the franchise to the wives of all house holders. 'J'liat was the simple fact, and he could not excuse Mr. Castine's statement on the plea of ignorance. (Mr. Castine— "I know too much for you.") For the hon. member to pretend to charge the Go vernment with denying the vote to any of the women of whom he had been speaking was certainly too preposterous to be worth j a moment's consideration. The Bill was to enfranchise 70,000 people, of whom 30,000 ] were the wives of the producers of South J Australia. To the extent of 30,000 votes | —nearly one-half the whole number to be ! added ro the rolls under the Bill—they j were enfranchising the women. They were doubling the voting power of the producers, j and yet certain members dared to say they | were weakening the political iniluence | of the producers. Besides that | they were adding to the rolls i .some 20,000 men and 20,000 women whose I names were not there now. Was it to be j set up for a moment's serious consideration j that these 40,000 men and women were j antagonistic in their interests to the pro- i ducevs? There was another point which had been too much lost sight of during the debate, and on which he challenged contra diction. Was is not true that if the Legis lative Council rolls were strictly purged | to-day according to the law many thousands of names would have to come off? (Mr. von Doussa—"How is it they are not purged in the Courts of Revision?") Because it was not the business of the Returning Officers or Registrars to determine the value of the properties for which the elec tors claimed to vote. If those names were struck off it would 'at once add to the de mand for the passing of the Bill, and make it so strong and loud that no one would dare to be deaf to it. Further, if the truth were known by those whose position was so precarious, many of them would at once prefer to see household suffrage. The point had been, made, with a view to .its use of in the Legislative Council, that instead of an increasing they had a decreasing majority. Was that true? (Mr. Solomon—"Absolute ly.") What were the facts? Twelve months ago they passed the third reading of the Bill by 34 to 17. With the Speaker in the Chair two members' were not ac counted for—Mr. Homburg and Mr. Handy side, who, it is well known were against the Franchise Bill.- That would give 34 t.o 19\. To-day they had had 30 for the Bill and 23 against. It looked as if four had gone wrong. The vote last year was reform against no reform. Thirty-four member? wanted reform and 19. did not. Of those 34 Mr. Castine had^old them that 10 were for the £15 franchise, and 24 for household franchise. Take off the 30 this year the 4\. men for £15, who still stood by them— Messrs. Burgoyne, Foster, Morris, and Miller—the Government had 26 for house hold suffrage as against 24 last year.. (Mr. von Doussa—"Not enough to alter the Con stitution.") That was a gain" of two. The other aide had 23 this year against 10 last year, but that 23 included Messrs. Shannon, Blacker, Playford, and McLachlan, who were all in favour of £15 and not against .reform. That left the party against re form no stronger than twelve months ago. So for as Mr. von Doussa was concerned, he was there only becauso of the absence through a regrettable cause of one of the oldest and most respected members of the House last year. (Mr. Solomon—"That hon. member would take precisely the same stand.") There was no warrant for that ' statement. (Mr. Solomon—"There is war rant enough ") He defied the hon. member to say that. . (Mr. von Doussa—"I won't answer such a statement as yours.") The hon. member would not, because he could not. He would not even try. (Mr. von Doussa—"Because I am more considerate."), Was it possible that Mr. Wood could still believe that without clause 9 the Bill could come into operation quicker. (Mr. Wood— "You proved that yourself.") ' He proved that it was impossible to bring it into op eration in time for the next election, and, therefore, it could not come into force until three years after that, and it would comein just as soon with clause 9 as without it. Mr. Darling, Mr. Copley, and others had proved that the £15 franchise would . be more in favour of the towns than the coun try, and therefore they could not regret that that had been lost. Further, Sir. Darling stated that no reason had been lodged for the passing of the measure. To those who voted with the Government it was enough to know that 70,000 of their fellow-colonists were denied certain poli tical privileges which it would be a boon to confer. Giving them that boon would do no harm to any one or to any South Australian interest, and could only bene fit and bless all those who were concerned in the true prosperity of the colony. Moved by that Knowledge they were glad to know that the House was taking its final step in the direction of rais ing 70,000 colonists to the level of those who were enjoying the highest political privilege, and they hoped that the time when the work they were now doing would bear fruition, would not long be delayed. Mr. SOLOMON, following the example of the Treasurer, did not like the Bill to pass without saying a word or two in answer to the so-called arguments used in favour of the measure. The Bill had been rightly termed the Legislative Council Destruction Bill, and every argument that had fallen from those supporting the measure had proved that most conclusively. The Premier had chosen to educate the people by stumping the country as a kind of political mountebank, giving 'his views on "current politics," holding himself up as an immaculate saviour of this colony from a political point of view, as a man who was going to confer great rights upon the people, and a man who had been so consistent in his political career, and was going to confer privileges and rights upon that great good old democracy, that grand old democracy at Petersburg, that good old democracy at Port Pirie, and other similar Labour centres where he had .in dulged in his mouthing, ranting rot at everything that had existed in our Consti tution prior to his advent, and- of the mem bers of the Opposition, who had opposed his pet scheme. Not only had the Pre mier not been content with merely placing before the people, in such terms as ne was accustomed to, the scheme he advocated, but lie went out of his way to talk about members of the Opposition, like Mr. Darl ing, himself, and others, and to allude to their private business and commercial en terprise to men whose record would stand very good comparison in commercial or any other line of life with that of the Pre mier. (Mr. Homburg—"He did not refer to any one's private life, did he?") When Mr. Kingston referred to the connection of the hon. member for East Torrens with the grain trade, and insinuated—though the Premier dared not put it in words—that on the one hand he had a great desire to take every advantage of the producers and to rob the producer if possible to get his pro duce at the lowest price, though he put it as a sort of addendum, "I don't insinuate anything against the business integrity of Mr. Darling?'* When it took all tiliat sort of abuse and bolstering to recommend a measure, which, as the Premier and Trea surer said, was demanded by the whole j people, it was time hon. members calmly looked into it, and protested to the very last moment against the passage of a Bill i which had only for its object the grati fication of the spite of the Premier against ! members of the Legislative Council. (The Treasurer—"Absurd nonsense.") It was J not absurd nonsense. (The Treasurer— ' "Simply ridiculous.") That might be the Treasurer's opinion. (The Treasurer— "What is the occasion for this spite?") The gratification of the spite which had been occasioned by the hon. member's own showing by the fact that the Legislative Council would not be like some of the Premier's colleagues—willing tools to swal low anything that the Premier chose to give them when they resisted on more than one occasion for the benefit of the whole community the Premier's attempts to stuff legislation down their throats which was not needed by the community. That was the undoubted reason for the demand of the Premier and Treasurer for the sudden alteration of the Constitution. (The Trea surer—"Sudden!") Nine years ago the Premier himself opposed women's suffrage, less than three years ago the Premier ad vocated a £15 franchise, twelve months ago the Premier said he would test the country on adult suffrage, but he could not keep his word for three months on that. -This glorious Premier who prated about consistency within three months of his as suring the House that he would do a cer tain thing changed. (Mr. Homburg— "What are you growling about—that is only four changes.") He was not showing his surprise at the Premier's action, but was giving a few interesting facts to let the country see what the real object of the Government was. What was the object of the Government, when the Premier declar ed that he would test the colony with re fard to assimilating the franchise of both louses? The Premier had as much legal and constitutional right to place that ques tion before the electors as he had to sub mit household suffrage. The Premier saul now that this was only a halting-nlace, and that he and his Government would adhere to the full assimilation of the franchise of botn Houses, and that he wanted adult suffrage for both Chambers. There was undoubted spite against the other House, a feeling of irritation that some of the mea sures sent up to it were not accepted, but there was a stronger power still. If the Premier could at one and the- same time get level with that much-hated branch of the Legislature on the one hand, and tie the chariot wheels with stilll firmer bonds of that Labour Party, to whom he owed his maintenance in power, by going balq headed for this solid plank of their plat form, well, that was his purpose. (Mr. Homburg—"A clever trick.") Dante, who performed at . the Theatre Royal lately, was clever ah a trickster. The Premier-baa been described' as an "artful dodger," ami be did not know ah expression which'so aptly fitted him in regard to this so-called constitutional reform as that term used 'by the Premier's erstwhile friend and-col league and supporter, Mr. J. C. F. Johnson. (Tne Attorney- General — "Do you remember - Fagan, the old Jew?") ' He had no. great appreciation' of the Premier's taste. (Attorney-General— "Perbape you-will give and take. ) He was prepared to-give and take.-and if he did not descend to the same low tactics and interjections sometimes indulged in by the Premier he could at least give a rapier thrust in turn for the Premier's bludgeon. (Attorney-General—"You have to get into a balloon to have ascent <fco the region of his feet/') lie Premier, of course, on Ms tours had to way the buffoon to his varied audiences.. He had to follow out what was represented in Shakespeareos the man-who had to play many ports; he had to deal with all sorts of people, and his stand-by sometime^' was--to descend even to his feet. The Premier's attitude had been of such a nature thait.he did not like being told the straight truth. He did not like being told that Be was pandering to the Labour Party, and that in addition he was seeking to gratify his spite, and the third on the list of advantages that he sought was that he had a little eye to the future federal election. He had even alluded to the good old democracy and the federal vote. Of course, he never had any notion for. the Federal Parliament. (Attorney General—"I recollect I was top on one oc casion, and you were at the bottom of the poll ") He recollected that be (the speaker) defeated the Premier in half-a-dozen coun try districts. (Attorney- General—"How much did you spend?") He did not think that the Premier spent much. Adult suf frage was the direct policy of both the La bour Party and the Government.in the near future—directly they could pack the Legis lative Council with sufficient members to carry it. Two Houses with the same fran chise and then, as Mr. Price put it, there was not much Use in two Houses on the same franchise; the natural corollary was one House. Mr. Hutchison backed un the hon. member in that respect. But he did not think they would attain to that. Two Houses on one franchise were within the bounds of possibility. There was no doubt as to the meaning of two Houses on the same franchise. As put by an hon. mem ber in another place, the Premier's former Chief Secretary, than whom no more con sistent Democrat ever sat in either branch of the Legislature, that hon. gentleman said that he was sorry to part with his liberal and democratic friend on this subject. He put it plainly that two Houses with the same franchise the Labour Party would not only hold the balance of power in that House but also in the Council. Mr. Gordon stated that the result of having two Houses on the same franchise would be that the Council would be dominated by the Labour Party, who would also hold the balance of power in that House. Was that desirable? Was it desirable that any one particular class should hold -the balance of power in that community? No. It would disenfran chise practically the whole of the pro ducers, who would have little or no voice in the legislation of the colony. When fede ration was an accomplished fact there would possibly be a deficiency in revenue consequent on the expenses that would have to be borne. Personally he did not think their proportion would be a great one. He thought that for a number of years the revenue returns would be kept as at present. Tii.cir Bill, at any rate during the early years of federation, would be at least £30,000 or £40,000. That would have to be met, but evidently the colony would reap some benefit by the consolida tion of the debts. How was that extra money to be found? Extra taxa tion of some sort. And upon whom wo.uld it fall? Upon the shoulders of the property-holders and the producers of the colony. The power of indirect taxa tion would be taken away altogether, and the Household Suffrage Bill would enable llinco wlin Tiai/l l.'i (1„ 1 those who. paid little or nothing to have a voice in what should be done. They would take away the rights which had ex isted for the last forty years—the right of the property-owners to send representatives to the Legislative Council. The Treasurer and the Commissioner of Public Works had striven to show that more women would be enfranchised in the country districts than in the towns, but he sajd that to i every one farmer's wife to whom they gave the vote the wives of four or five labour men would receive it in the city. (The Treasurer — "Nonsense.") There was no doubt about it. Take the metropolitan area, for instance, that would give four votes to every one given in the couutry dis tricts. -The supporters of the measure went round the country saying to the men that the opponents held that they were fit to vote, but that their wives were not, and why should not a man who paid 0s. a week have the same right as the man who paid 10s. a week. Those were the cowardly sort or arguments used by those who stumped the country and sought to injure the country members. Petersburg, Port Pirie, and other labour centres would return more voters than the country districts. In the District of Port Adelaide the result would be overwhelm1 ing—it would be equal pretty well to half of a Legislative Council division. The in crease in Port Adelaide, East Torrens, and West Adelaide would be in the ratio of 3 to 1 in the country. The Treasurer— "You' know that the figures prove exactly the opposite.) The Treasurer had proved that 34 to 17 meant a minority,, and. he and the Commissioner of Public Works had sought to hoodwink the country, members. It those members had beeD led away with the stntement that it would .mean, the en franchisement of more people in the coun try than in the towns they would be great ly' disappointed. He did not go about the country endeavouring to injure other mem bers by sneaking insinuations. He had never indulged in that sort of thing. The next question he tiad to deal with was the natural sequence. If the Government were successful in getting the Bill through both branches of the Legislature, they would be materially strengthened, and they would go for what bad been termed "the whole hcg." What would be next? What) did they have from the Labour Party and Mr. "Yes-No" Premier on the motion in troduced by Mr. Grainger in refe rence to the federal election for the Lower House of the Federal Parliament? What did they have from Mr. Batehelor? i A distinct declaration that, in addition to i dividing the country into districts, that member would go for a division on a popu lation basis. That proposal was only a sample of what they would get with the two Houses elected on the same basis, the controlling power being in the hands of the Labour Party, with a pliable Government to assist them, and an easily gulled coun try Independent Party to come to their rescue when they were in a fix. The pre sent movement would not end at adult suff rage, but would extend to representation on a population basis, when, the metropoli tan area, and a few populous places like Port Pirie and Petersburg, would run the whole colony,- with a few other members representing the' counts, which, would be as absolutely disenfranchised as the Chinese in the Northern Territory were to-day. There had been ho demand by the 'country for household'suffrage, but there had-beep an. agitation from a few self-interested agi- • tators, and nothing else. (The Attorney- i General—"Who worked it up in the Terri- ! tory?") He did-not know. He;" never . even mentioned the subject, and he'did not think that the people knew exactly what | they were voting upon. . He had quite . enough to do to explain the gross mis management of the Territory at the hands of the present Government and their pre decessors without touching upon household suffrage. The statement that there had been a demand for the Bill from the people was. absolutely false: He admitted^ that there was a demand for the lowering of the franchise, first voiced on the Labour Party platform, either to £10 or £15, but even then the question of the double vote wan never raised. Beyond that there had been no demand, and certainly none to justify radical change in the Constitution, which had stood for the colony in its upi and downs for the past forty odd years. But a hopeful gleam came over members when Mr. Playford got up, with his six J'ears' experience in the old country, and said, in most impressive tones, led on by interjections from the Treasury benches, that our Constitution was a more hard-and fast one and less democratic than even the Constitution of Great Britain. The hon. member told them that the House of Lords created fresh Peers, but did not say how many times that had been resorted to. He also said that the House of Lords was more amenable to the will of the people than our Legislative Council, and told -them a good deal more, ' which, after all. was only the opinions of the Hon. Thomas Playford. They jumped at it like a drowning man clutched at a straw. They chewed this one straw of hope over and over again—the opinion of Mr. Play ford, who had had six years' experience in the old country. If the Premier had been on that side of the House, he would like to have heard the terms of ridicule, con tempt, and satire with which he would have characterized Mr. Playford's careless ly made statements. It was too absurd to compare the unwritten Constitution of the old country with the written one in South Australia, and Mr. Playford was ill-advised when he made the statement. WaB our Council not amenable to the people? What matter of any importance had ever beep sent to them which had not eventually been accepted? Bills might have been returned with amendments, over which perhaps members of the Assembly felt sore and ir ritated, but they had accepted them in the end, and were bound to admit that they were improvements. What was the Coun cil for? To check hasty legislation for one thing, and to afford protection for a special class of the communitv, who had a smail amount of property. After all, the property qualification was not a large one, because it gave to John Angas, the millionaire, exactly the same vote as it gave to hia tenant, who paid him 10s. a week for a cot tage. The Treasurer talked about a House elected by plutocracy. Tenants at 10s. a week plutocrats of this great country! H there had been a demand for a reduction of this rental, why did not those who advo cated it, stick to their colours, and go foi it? Did they think that they went any nearer to obtaining what they wanted by voting for this Bill? Mr. Batchelor had said that in Great Britain law and natur* had fixed that a man, when he arrived at the age of twenty-one was in the possession of his reasoning faculties, and was capab's fib give 'a vote. Perhaps in colder and older countries of the world, where the arbitral line of twenty-one years was fixed, people were boys and girls pretty well until they attained that age. In these colonies boys and girls were work ing for their living ait fifteen and sixteen years of age, and boys and girls of seventeen and eighteen were married and had children. The hoodlum of twenty- one, who spent all hia (imo in hn+j»1a nr on ra/VpnillTies STld W«LS his time in hotels or on racecourses and was loudest in his interjections at public meet ings. had a vote, while the respectable youth oi twenty, who was married, and might have children, had no vote. Where was then the argument about the special voting limit of twenty-one? That might be a very proper age in a cold cli mate, but in these warmer lands tliey might lessen the limit, where men showed they were entitled to it. The arbitrary limit of twenty-one years was no more justified than was any other limit. Mr. Herbert Spenoef told them that no great constitutional re forms should be undertaken unless the people were imbued with the importance of what they were voting for. (Mr. Peake— "That was said about federation.") Yes: but the public mind had been educated many times over on that question mora than it had on the present matter. Even the bon. member had tried to put in clause 2\. in dealing with the referendum, showing that he thought the people did not under stand the matter that was put to theiu. The Treasurer had quoted Lord Derby, who said:—"If I know anything of the consti tutional value of this House, it is to Inter pose a salutary obstacle to rash and incon siderate legislation; it is to protect the people from the consequences of their own imprudence. It never has been the course of this House to resist a continued and de liberately expressed public opinion. Your Lordships always have bowed, and always will bow, to the expression of such an opin ion, but it is yours yto check hasty legisla. tion leading to irreparable evils." Let them look at the figures which the Treasurer con fused and mixed up and generally wriggled out of. The majority on the second read ing of the Bill last year was 15; when the referendum was put in the majority on the third reading w;as 17. With the exact same Bill before them, the majority on the third reading was 7, and yet the Treasurer told them that the majority was increasing. He might not be able to understand, hut he considered there was a decrease of 10. If the Treasurer could persuade members it was the reverse, it would be a lasting tri bute to bis persuasive powers. Members were told the reason why the Government resisted any amendment in the Bill was because they wanted to send the whole Bill to the other House, and if they struck out the clause the House would deprive the Government of a weapon they wished to use against the Legislative Council. Was that the right way to approach the other House, especially if the Treasurer thought there were sufficient reasonable men in tha Council to pass the Bill. The Bill was going to the other House with a weapon. They were told it was the Constitution power, but would there be the double dis solution. He did not think there would be. He looked round the House and saw the attitude of some members upon the mea sure, and he knew pretty well they must have had some assurance, some gentle hint from the friends of the Ministry that they were not going to be sacrificed on the altar of democracy, or they would have been on the other side of the House. (The Attor ney-General—"You will be ' sacrificed ou the alter of democracy.") He had never got so near it as the Premier. ' There roust have been something hinted to those strong, firm- backed, rock of ages hon. mem bers to stiffen them from the jelly-fish stage to a hard, unbending condition. He was satisfied, that there had been a hint of what was meant by the constitutional means; He believed it. (The Attorney- General—"Then yon are more foolish than I thought.") Not from the Premier himself, perhaps. There were other wave of doing it when he had that astute old Whip, the Commis sioner of Crown Lands. There were diffe rent ways of doing it. A great deal was conveyed by what was not said. Personally he was not afraid to face his t constituents again, and he did not fear tna : Treasurer going up into the Territory. Mr, . Roberts had quoted from his (the speak- ' on the second reading of the ana be would like to refresh that fa memory on one or two points. rd" of September 27 reported him las followsj —"Surely ibis was a question which miflbt well be submitted to the elec &oi;£ atjmo next general elections. (Mr. „ Prioe—'Blow can you expect that to be '•done without complicating other things?') It oould easily be done through the agency of the referendum at the next general elec tions. (Mr. Poynton—'Will you vote for the referendum in this respect? ) If the Government would withdraw this Bill he .would support the use of the referendum an this connection." Later on in the same speech, in reply to Mr. O'Malley's interjec tion, Would you be willing to leave the question to a referendum?" he said—"Cer tainly; it was the proper course to adopt instead Of wringing it on the people just before an election. The Premier wanted some claptrap cry, so that he oould spread his ohest and give intense gratification to those <m the back seats, who usually cheer ed him to the echo." (Mr. Roberts—"Did I misquote you?") The hon. member did mot quote the whole of ibis Yemarks. He was quite content to allow any fairminded snail to judge of his attitude on this matter, as evidenced by (his speech. The referen dum had been illegally taken. It was taken us a purely Executive act, and the face pf the voting-paper did not contain the whole truth as to the position, as was well point ed out at the time by Mr. Peake. further, the issue to be deter mined was confused by the num ber of questions which the electors had to decide, as was evidenced by the fact that over 20 per cent, of informal votes were recorded. This result fully justified -the view he had previously taken in ad vocating the withdrawal of the Bill till a direct mandate from the people had been obtained. Mr. Batohelor had said he did not believe in the country being ruled by a class. Neither did lie. lie had opposed the Bill right through, f.nd had given his reasons for so doing, and lad endeavoured to answer the arguments that had fallen from the supporters of the Measure. He emphasized the point he wish ed to make—that the passing of the Bill meant only giving sufficient power to the other House to pass adult suffrage, and that /would be the forerunner of representation on the basis of population, and that meant practically the disfranchisement' of the country districts. He would, therefore, con tinue his opposition to the measure until lie was thoroughly convinced that the re form was necessary, and that the people bud been fairly ana honestly consulted and had approved of the reform. Mr. TUCKER regretted that so much time had been wasted in the debates. A further cause for regret was his absence from the division on the third .reading that afternoon, which he hoped would not be taken as a sign of weakness. It was not hi-- fault, but through a misunderstanding. At the time the division bells were ring ing he was on the steps of the House com ing in prepared to speak on the third read ing, arid the doors were shut befdr^* Ibf could reach the chamber. Members who bud spoken that night had only been talk ing to their constituents. He was new to Parliament, but it seemed to him like a lot of schoolboys wrangling. No fresli argu ments had been introduced by one side or the other. flihe Premier in his speech in the Town Hall said they were going to ■have an overwhelming majority in favour of the measure, and yet they had scraped through only by the bare constitutional majority. Surely ho would not ask for a double dissolution. As surely as the sun pose in the east and set. in the west would the Legislative Council come back stronger than ever, and the Assembly would have a lesser majority. He did not believe the Government would penalize their suppor ters in that way. The Premier was too clever to risk losing his constitutional ma jority. The members representing country districts who supported the Bill no doubt voted honestly, but in a few years they Would regret the vote that they had given. The Treasurer, in saying that itbey were going to give the country estra representation, was entirely wrong. Those who favoured the £15 fran chise, and voted with the Government, could really not be claimed supporters of Hhe Bill. What had tfhe majority dwindled to? So small that the Government must be ashamed of it, and the Premier was the in ok t disappointed man in the House that night. Another referendum, taken on the distinct question of the franchise, apart from a general election, would not disclose one-third of tire number who voted for it before. He opposed the Bill, and hoped that the Government and the Labour Party would stand to their colours in the conflict. Mr. QAOTTNE said that the electors ■would not fail to notice that the majority for the Bill had greatly decreased. At Ba 1'aklava on Monday the Commissioner of Crown Lands occupied hie little spare time after the Premiers address acting as the Premier's political agent in distributing the Treasurer's speech on the Franchise Bill. Cue of his constituents came to him and said that the Commissioner was doing that, and he (Mr. Castine) then presented hiscon stituent with a copy of Mr. Gordon'sspeech. ."He hopejl that the speeches that day would be distributed throughout the length and breadth of the land, so that the electors might read the names of those who voted for the de struction of the Legislative Council. The Treasurer stated that evening that the op ponents of the measure refused to give the vo'.c to 30,000 women. He challenged the statement at the time. Mr. Glynn moved \- mi amendment to give the vote to the wives of those who had a vote, and the Treasurer and thirty-two other hon. members who vot ed against It prohibited the granting of the Vote to many thousand women. (Treasurer —''Vou know that it would not nave given a single vote that the Bill does not give.") 31 would have given the vote to thousands of women who had not the vote. (Trea Kiirer—"But not to any that the Bill does not.") He admitted that. After the intendment had been moved he intimated to the Treasurer that he wtas prepared to meet the Treasurer a part of the way by Mipporting the amendment. The charge he iu'ide against the Treasurer was perfectly correct, and when the Treasurer disputed the fact, the hon. gentleman was noi speaking the truth. Tbe SPEAKER—Order. I must ask the lion, member to withdraw that remark. Mr. CASTINE—I don't see how I can jput it in any other way. Hon. MEM TIERS—Withdraw. The SPEAKER—I must ask the hon. member to withdraw it. Mr. CAST 1NE—If you, Mr. Speaker, Seould indicate the exact way in which I should put it The SPEAKER—I would ask the hon. member to withdraw the remark. i Mr. CASTINE said he wished to obey Ulie Chair, and he willingly withdrew any atatement he had made which was not Par hamentary. fie wished to emphasize the fctatement he had made, and whilst with drawing the exact words he would indicate that what the Treasurer said was absolu tely contrary to fact. The motion was declared carried, and Mr. SOLOMON called for a division; which resulted -as follows.— Ayes, 25.—Messrs. Archibald. Batehelor, Brooker, Butler, Carpenter, Catt, Coney beer, Cummins, Dumas, Foster, Hooper, Hburigan, Hutchison,- Jenkins, Kingston, Livingston, MacGillivray, Morris, O'Lough lin, Peake, Poynton, Price, Roberts, Wood, and Holder (teller). Noes, 18.—Messrs. Blacker, Caldwell, Gas tine, Copley, Darling, Sir John Downcr, Messrs. Duncan, Glynn, Hague, Bandyside, Homburg, McLachlan, Paech, Rounsevell, Shannon, Tucker, von Doussa, and Solo mon (teller). Majority of 7 for the Ayes. Pairs.—Ayes—Messrs. Burgoyne, Graiu Ser, Scherk, McKenzie, and Miller, Noes — lessrs. Giles, McDonald, Griffiths, Gil bert, and Playford. 