[?] ?;'--^'-f--V::^#^M.):-^-;'?-:',v';:; : Sister :3melda: VSDheresa, who was ?? Jor inerly. a brigadier in the Salvation Army, has taken the. whiteiTeil in a Dominican convent in Albany, Canada. - .jMr. Joseph' Woodman,, the popular -music warehouseman and piano, importer, is how 66, years of age. He arrived in South Australia in 1864, but he had pre viously-been in Victoria. ?..-'?' Hagi Mulla Mihrbah, the spiritual head of the IVIahommedan coinmunity in Ade laide, married' a. European wife, He hails from Kandahar. It is now nearly 25 years since he first came out to_ Port Darwin. Mr. J. Vicars, the* city surveyor, who has been very unwell lately, is, according to tha Sydney 'Mail,' the most distin guished graduate in engineering from the Sydney University. He is u son-in-law of Mr. Alderman Kither. ' \- The late Mr. Caleb Peacock was the first pupil at the school conducted by tho late Mr. J.L.. Young, where so many pro-' minent South Australians were educated. He and his brother Joseph are buried in the family vault at West-terrace. Both Sir John. Downer and Mr. Paris Nesbit were complimented by the judges for the luminous manner in which they put their arguments in the recent Glenelg Rail way case. The juniors to eacn of t'he emi nent Queen's counsel also came in for a word of praise. Mr. J. S. Brooks, who has just returned to Adelaide from the Transvaal, states that the Boers hate the English, and dislike the Australians. He further states that Cape Colony itself is extremely Dutch in senti ment, and that the Afrikanders are not at all cordial to Australians. The Crown Solicitor once had charge of a school at Truro. Having, however, an inclination for the law, he devoted his at tention to the study of the profession, and was admitted to the bar in 1875. The se cretary to the Minister of Education (Mr. James Bath) was also a school teacher. Members of the Assembly agree in affirming that the speech delivered by Mr. Holder last week on the second read ing of the Household Suffrage Bill was the best of the many excellent utterances heard from him in Parliament during the last 12 years. He was clear,' logical, and full of force, while he deftly answered every antagonistic interjection. Mr. Wybert Reeve carries his years ex ceedihgjy well. He was born in 1831. He first gained distinction as an actor in gar rison and amateur theatricals during his connection with the Prince of Wales Third Dragoon- Guards. His initial visit to Ame rica was made with Wilkie Collins, and one of his most successful parts was that of 'Count Fosco' hi the 'Woman, in White.' The three sons of Dr. Maurice Holtze, the director of the Botanical Gardens, are all resident in the Northern Territory at present, and two of them occupy good po- sitions in the Government service, while the youngest will probably do likewise. He was born in Port Darwin, and has been educated at the Christian Brothers' and St. Peter's Colleges, but his health recently broke down. The Hon. Richard Butler is the second farmer in the Kingston Ministry, and ap propriately represents agriculture as well as education. He was born near classical Oxford in 1850, and entered on life in South Australia at the age of 4 years.' He had the advantage of a good education at St. Peter's College, and took up farm ing close to Mallala. In 1890 he waa elected to tlie House of Assembly to fill the seat vacated by the violent death of Mr. Cowan in a railway accident. He has twice been re-elected, has been a suc cessful Government whip, and is now a popular Minister of the Crown. Major Cate, of the Machine Gun Corps, who has just offered the services of himself and his men for duty in the Transvaal in the event of an outDreak of hostilities, . is an exc client and popular officer. He holds a responsible position in the Customs De partment, and his second in command, Caotain Cherry, is headmaster of the Cur rie-street school. The corps has eight Maxim guns, and is generally admitted t be exceedingly efficient. The Boers are such expert marksmen that the soldier who goes into acuon against them stands a very good chance of being hit. Mr. Noel A. Webb, LL.B., the ;well known barrister, has a very pretty gift of versification, and some of his . -topical rhymes are exceedingly clever.,. He is a son of the Rev. Alan Webb, once a Bap tist Minister in Adelaide. It is not long since his skit on the Indian Prince. 'The Tin Ran Gee,' a parody on 'The Tin Gee-gee,' was launched on the world through the columns of the ' Ex press,' and it immediately became im mensely popular, even reaching the boards of the 'theatres. His latest verses were first heard at a benefit concert given at the North Adelaide Institute on Thursday evenin', and were received with entnusi astic applause. They arp an adaptation of 'Banjo' Paferson's 'Geebung Polo Club and are christened 'The Hog Bay Polo Club ' They contain a vivid account ot a supposed match, in which each team an nihilates tlie other after the manner of the two 'cats of Kilkenny. The following lines occur in the course of the narration:— King O'Malley, who was riding Like a madman down the plain, Killed Carpenter and Tucker Ere be himself was slain. Paris Nesbit, who was playing On the Hog Bay Settlers' side,. Hit Jack Gordon in the Waistcoat, And he crawled away and died. As the captain of the. Settlers . Hade a gallant run to win, He was set upon and massacred By Wood and Paddy Glynn. Our little Irish member Might have bolted from the wreck, But he tried to jump a eoach-arid-four And broke bis precious neck. Wood, who us'.'d his polo mallet Like a blacksmith would his sledge, - ? Was breaking heads as easy As a member breaks a pledge. The author fchus depicts the scene on the spot- where the contestants were kid to rest: — you can soe the ghost of Tucker Wave a lock of auburn hair He has torn from King O'SIalley In tlie writKings of. despair. You can see the ghost O'Malley Swing bis hammer dripping red, You can hear the dull collision As it fulls on Tucker's head. You can see the ghost of Charleston On a -parti-colored horse Thdugh it's hard to tell the party ' 1 'Midst the shadows of the course. You can hear, a ghostly Gordon ?' ?' Shouting lectures by the. mile,. Till he falls by Ncsbit's; mallet ; ? ?With a sweet but spectral smile.- . You can see the ghost of Paddy Glynn . _? '?? Jumping ghostly cabs and carts,, 4- .?-. ' . iTill he'a broken all his ghostly, -limbs'-.: ?-._.-.-/ . '??-. Into »ftny;gl»OBfly.''parfef;/-!-;,.-v;f:;.;.'.'^ ;??.;?;-', 