MISFORTUNES NEVER COME ALONE. HEALTH BETTER THAN WEALTH. DEATH MAKES A DOUBLE ATTACK BUT IS FOILED BY DODD'S KIDNEY PILLS. While in the best of health it is risky to explore the crazy and rotten work ings of an abandoned mind. When the eyes are dimmed with disease and the muscles contracted with pain, it is in deed dangerous to grope amongst the murky drives and the subterranean chambers which -the superstitious people with the phantoms of their excited fancy. Many an old mine in this colony has the reputation of being haunted by the ghosts of its victims. The most likely wraith to meet in them, however, is species of death, as the following will show: "Orange Gardens, Maryborough, "14th October, 1898. "The Dodds Medicine Co., "Up till two months ago my health was very unsatisfactory. I had, rheu matic pains in the back and legs, which grew worse. While engaged with a mate exploring an abandoned mine at Mariner's Reef foi" gold I caught cold, and had the misfortune to meet with an accident. I fell 30- feet down the shaft, narrowly escaping death, and. meeting with severe injuries to the back and head. This, coming on my former ill-health, prostrated me alto gether. At this time a friend brought' me two boxes of Dodd's Kidney Pills, which I took and cuntinued. They have effected a wondeful change. Am now in the best of health, and grate ful for the good done me. "Yours, ALBERT JONES." Had Mr. Jones taken Dodd's Kidney Pills before examining the old mine he might have been saved the accident. With braced muscles and alert eyes, which are the index of health, the slip which precipitated him down the shaft would not have happened. If he has not yet got the gold lie sought he has obtained something infinitely better in the shape of good health. Price, 2s 9d per box, or six boxes for 15s 3d. For sale by all chemists, or will be mailed, post paid, on receipt of price, by John H: Lithgow, 136 Charles street, Launceston, agent for the Dodds Medicine Co., Melbourne. ' "You had better not go boating with Ada," said Tommy to his sister's fiancee. "Why not, Tommy?" "'Cause I.heard her say she intended to throw you overboard soon." . 