Thinkers and Talkers. SOME EXAMPLES. Tho number of great thinkers who have had considerable powers as conversationalists has been large enough in tho history of literature and tho arts to have dissipated the idea, which is so common, that thinkers and philosophers, are as a nearly general rule, silent if not taciturn beings. In thinking of its philosophers, tho world is apt to give too large a place to its Diogenes, and to somewhat the reason that because 'silence is golden,' and as scarce as that metal, one might infer that those whom we specially look to for wisdom, should set an example and find that tho time ' to keep silence' is a great deal longer than the time to speak. Yet many great thinkers woukd seem to have made tho latter preponderate. Ono of, tho foromost places among groat thinkers who have left behind them a reputation for boing great talkers is un doubtedly taken by S. T. Coleridge, Of the talking powers of this ' eagle among hooded owls' we have very many accounts by, among others, Carlyle, John Keats, Hazlitt, and Crabb Robinson, all of whom testify to his wonderful eloquence. Indeed, the reputa tion ot the poet rests to a considerable degree upon thoso famous monologues of his — con- versations they cannot be called — for, as has often been pointed out, his works in prose and pootry, great aud beautiful as they are, are hardly commensurate, as far as bulk goes, with the rank ho holds in literature ; where foro such small and inadequate scraps of his talk as havo been preserved are of all the greater interest. In the Gilman's Garden at Highgate, Carlyle tells us, ' For hours would Coleridge talk, concerning all conceivable or inconceivable things; and liked nothing better than to have an intelligent or failing that even a silent and patient human listener.'' Keats tells us that on his first meeting with Coleridge, during a walk of two miles, ' he broached a thousand subjects,' naming as among a few of them ' Nightingales, poetry or poetical sensation ; metaphysics ; different genera or species of dreams ; nightmares ; a dream accompanied with tho sense of touoh ; single and double touch ; a dream related ; first and second consciousness ; tho difference explained be tween will and volition; so many meta physics from a want of smoking the second consciousness ; monsters; the kraken; mermaids; — Southey believes in them ; Southey's belief too much diluted; a ghost story ; good morning.' A sufficiently formidable conversational menu for about threequarters of an hour's walk. 'Our interview, John Sterling says of his first colloquy with Coleridge, ' lasted three hours, during which he talked two hours and threequarters.' There can be no doubt that Coleridge's talk, as Carlyle 'says ' was the emblem, of himsolf ; in it as in him a ray of heavenly inspiration struggled, in a tragically ineffectual degree, with the weakness of flesh and blood.' Tho Sage of Chelsea himself was a conver sationalist of great power— and, especially in his younger days, of great length. There is a letter of tho future Mrs Carlyle, in which she says that 'Tom came and started talking, and has been talking ever since,' adding, in her feminine way, that he had also been creating a great stir among tho antimacassars and the' fireirons. A stone's throw away from Carlyle for some time lived Leigh Hunt, also a charming talker, but in a manner entirely different to either tho sages wo have mentioned. Hunt did not pretend to be a sage, but only a poet and entertainer, and his talk was characterised accordingly. Cowden Clarke tells us that Leigh Hunt's 'simultaneous walk and talk were charm ing,' that he was a ' perfect specimen of a breakfast wit"— rarest species of wits — adding that at tho first meal of tho day he was always quite as brilliant, as most company men are at a dinner party or a gay. supper. . , , . 