A Blood-Curdling South Sea Tragedy. FEARFUL TALK OF MASSACRE. Tho Steamer Mnn-sby arrived on Tuesday morning at Sydney after a crulao through British Hew Guinea and Now Britain. Tho Moresby h»s brought news regarding the Set Uhont masaacro and punishment of the ring* leader. Tho Sea Ghost, a 10-ton outter, was re cently chartered for the island trade. She was In charge of Captain Kolshorn, and the othor members of her orew oonaiated of half a dozen nativeB recruited in Bisiparok Archi pelago. Tho outtor sailed undor the German tricolor, and on leaving her head quarters made Tor tho Oormnn Solomon Islands. It tfau at one of thaae islands called Buka that the Son (ihoefc made hor firat call, and she had hardly reaohed an anchorage before there wan an attack on the crew by the ehoro natives. Tho natives, as uaual, pat off from tho shore in canoes, hut in hio anxiety to keep the vensel clear of dangerous reefs tho captain had nob noticed thnt they were I swarming on board the cutter. Captain | Kolahorri was defending the* rigging when I the attaok was made, lb was a complete I surprise for him, and being unarmed, he I had no possible chance of defending himself, j He fell mortally wounded on the dock, hits 1 body, bo the story gooa, being horribly butchered. Four of the native crow made a desporate fight, but odds were considerably against them, and they were soon overcome. Tho other two natives were taken prisoners, but they by some meant* or other managed to escape. Me^nwhilo the vessel had been run ashore, and haviug been looted of every thing of value she was subsequently des troyed. The captain's body had been thrown overboard, and the remains of four native seamen were taken to tho village for a cannU ballatio fenst, Tho report reached New Britain in due course, find a punitive expedition, in oharge of Judge Sohtiee, visited tho scene, and suo* ceoded in oopturing the native who was a ringloador in the attack on tho uutortuuate orew of the cutter. He was duly tried at Horbortehore before Judg*> Schuoe, and con demned to bo hanged. Tho execution was expected to take placo shortly uftor tho Moresby left for Sydney. A terrible disaster has occurred at War puhnen, in Prussia, A number of children were skating, when the ioo broke, and 20 of them wore drowned. 