SPORTING. , THE TURF. The racing at Williamstown on Sat urday will hardly assist backers in solv ing the Y.R.C. Grand National Hurdles problem. The moderate Podarces won, Borderer occupying the second place, while Mort Avis LnLJied third. Borderer appears to run second to everything, Grand Kational on Saturday hard ? things will doubt less be 6a. d. :; Hajraeed, \riio won the big 'chase a ?'couple of years ago, was beaten into the third place in the Williamstowii Steeplechase on Saturday, both Vigil and Troy finishing in front of the Mill ? Park representative. This is not Na tional form, and backers will probably seek elsewhere for the winner of the big L race at Flemington on Saturday ' week. .History, however, teaches us much, when it is associated with important, events. We have seen Cauifield Cop ^winners .beaten off in stakes, and many Met bourne Cup winners have been given an ?airing*1 in the Melbourne Stakes. A win ner of the? V.R.C. Grand National Hur dle Race was badly beaten in a hurdle . race in the western district a few days \before he lowered the record at ' Flem Inglon. Podarces, file hurdle victor at Wfl fiamstown, and Mort Avis, who finished third, are both in the V.R.C. National Hurdle Eaoe, the former with 9.7 and Sforfc Avis with 9 JO. On public form neither can have a ghost of a chance. \- At the end of this month nominations Vin doae for the Western Australian Derby of 1900. It is expected that about 15 candidates will be engaged, in cluding one or two from the east. Lasb year the race looked a good thiTtg for , one of two, bat following the example trf New South Wales and Victoria the Una ubaad of Western Australia is just _n*r 'anybody's race.' . 3%eve are 'six Australian bookmakers betting on English racecourses this sea son, and, according to - a London ex change, acme of them is doing any good. !H» 'VlefectionJ' of American plungers ; before going through the formality of settEng cost one of the Australians ,£2,000 ; at least, that is his own story. ?. Beckers of the Australian Eleven in ISngftmd were on the best of terms with themselves up to » Saturday, and sup porters of the Englishmen have been /'barracked'' to deatft The tables, \- nowever, were turned on Saturday, ? when it was tine other side's 'Tunings.' 'They made the most of the opportunity. ?Where are the Au«;tralians now?' 'What ? about the three greatest batsmen in the \- world f 'Here, HI 'lay £10 to £5 we win -with five wickets to spare,' called out a ? 'Britisher' in*Ehe saloon of a popular hoteL There was no response from the ^Australian 'contingent' ; but a tenyear old-boy, who was selling the 'special edi tion,' chipped in, with— 'You needn't talk; what about the seven best bata of England that old Spoffortb. sent out for six^runs?' Cricket history lives for ever, and it is not always wise to in dulge in what Anthony Trollope de . scribed as 'blow,' especially in a saloon bar. 'The next Derby and Perth. Cup are both open races,' remarked a Westra lian trainer on Saturday. A popular owner said: — The blue riL_nd does \- look an open race, bat I shall win the Cup with, an outsider, and will take 1,000 to 5 that I can pick the double.' I am not at liberty to give names,but I (nay say that tie 'outsider' is not at headquarters. The onty place in the world worth living in is Australia,' is tie dictum of a Perth bookmaker now in England. Few English owners have obtained ? greater bargain than Mr. J. Hammond did when he gave 240 guineas for Her tnloras after he had won the Abbots ?Hill Selling Plate at Derby as a three jvear-old. He had failed to score for iua previous owner and breeder, Lord . Hleamere, but since he changed hands 4fce son of Lowland Chief and Herminia ? itae won half a dozen races, including the Ascot Stakes and Manchester Cup, of the total value of £4,292. This represent a substantial profit on the anginal outlay. She Breach Derby was worth over 162,000 more to the winner than the . -Jgngfoih blue riband. Perth, this year's trinoer, has not been defeated once dur ing the 'season, and he has won over £20,000 in stakes. The doable Iramoo for the V.B.C. Cfarand National Hurdle Race and Do ? tnino for the Grand National Steeple chase has been backed in Melbourne to win £5,000. 'Alt' Williams, one of tin bast cross-country jockeys in Aus tralia, will ride Domino, and he says that tie Great Eastern Steeplechase victor is a stone better than when he won in South Australia. ?Jfe. W. S. Heavens, one of the best known stationmaefcers in England, and assuredly the most popular, fell sick Vat his post at Newmarket last month. \- Mr. Heavens has been stationmaster at iNewmarket for nearly 40 years. Backers in this colony will remember Granite, the grey gelding who won a brush steeplechase at Canning Park. This horse received .a very bad fall in 'South Australia, and he was turned out for a long spelL He has been put into work again, and his owner expects to win a big steeplechase with him The Melbourne 'Sportsman'1 selects Soult or Valdis to win the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race. All the other papers plump for Soult. Mr. Albert Miller says that the ton weight in the VJJ.C. Grand National Steeplechase, Nilus, can't stay three miles. He was a noble lord who had not the best of luck in racing — in fact, he had not won a race for ten years, and he had not the best of jockeys. One day his colors weiit unexpectedly first past the post, and the jockey, seeing the ; owner standing by, waved his whin and ' exclaimed to him triumphantly, 'We've won. again, my lord.' The Sydney 'Bulletin' say6 that the two V.R.C. Nationals look like falling in to wealthy hands this year. The Mil lers, the Manifolds, and Russell will be hard to beat. Mark Whitty is a bit dangerous with Clamorous and Valdis. It was reported in Melbourne on Satur day that Mr. C. N. Kidman had disposed : of Blackvcood to an Indian buyer. The '? son of Vengeance ought, to pay his way j in the land of the Nabobs. Mr. R. B. Pell, the goidfields handi- { capper, anticipates that the approaching j meeting of the Kalgoorlie Club will be j the most successful yet held in the lead- i inc goldfields town. The course will j be in splendid order, and as the club i has very properly taken steps to reduce i the heavy charges which hitherto have formed the subject- of loud complaint, large fields are pretty certain to be the rule. 'Tommy' Hales, the old-time leading jockey of Australia, is T-ret-aring a couple of horses of his own breeding at Moonee Ponds. Caralbi is now coming on nicely. Hales bad had no luck on the tuTf, and his breedinsr-stud proved a failure. H- won a .few races, including the Bairot Handicap, with All Gold, and, years later, won the Newmarket Handi cap with Carlton. Dr. STwoner Hart is sending, early this month, a big shinment of racehorses from Melbourne to India. He recently raaid .£300, for Billow, who won a num ber of races at suburban meetings. The ''Special Commissioner' of the London 'Sportsman' thus refers to Newhaven's Epsom Cup victory : — After this came the Epsom Cup, and New haven II., looking if anything better than ever, fairly strung out' Jaquemart from, start to finish That this was Jaquemart as we have known him, I don't' for a mo ment think, and, unfortunately, he has developed slight wind infirmity of late, which I suppose some will tell us is due to his being collaterally related to Or monde. But Newhaven IL would not to-day have been beaten by any horse in England, unless by Cyllene or Fly ing Fox, and I should be sorry to stand to lose much over either of those against him. He covered the distance, hard held, in resolute style, and his time for the Derby course was 2min. 47sec, which is very respectable indeed, considering that he came along entirely on his own account. American papers are very fond of stories about English royalties, which, although to be taken with a grain of salt, are often entertaining in their way. Thus the New Tork 'Journal,' more suo, gives an amusing account of Tod Sloan's introduction to the Prince of Wales at Newmarket the other day. The little jockey, presented to the Prince by Lord William Beresford, was not- a bit flustered at the honor. The in genious way in which he agreed to the remark that he was a great rider much amused His Royal Highness. And this is the jockey's opinion of the Prince, in his own words, as given by the corres pondent of the 'Journal': — 'The Prince,' said James Todhunter Sloan, 'is all right. This is the first time I ever shook hands with His Majesty, but Fve known him by reputation longer than he has known me. People at the top of different lines naturally meet, so while I was glad to make Wales's personal acquaintance, I can't say I was over powered. I met him as a horseman, and while there's no discounting some of his stock, he is not the king of the turf by a long shot. He told me I was a great rider, but Fve been told that by men who know more about riding than all the princes in Europe combined. Tes,' I says, 'I am a great rider.' I always heard the Prince of Wales was a great dresser, and I paid some attention to his clothes. I am not going around the world ninging, Tankee Doodle' at every quarter, you know, but you see a thousand better dressed men at the Suburban in New Tork every spring than the Prince is. He ain't really built to show off good togs, but one thing Fll say for him that I won't say for any other Englishman, and that is, his clothes don't look as if they hurt him. I can't say Fd trade places with the Prince. Things come too easy for him. He never can know the fun of beating out a whole field by your own nerve and atoll, rue Handicap is all bis way, and it must get pretty slow for one of his gait. Chances are Wales would have got along anywhere, for he seems to be a pretty decent, unaffected chap, thai would make a hit even if he didn't have a crown coming to him.' This is a London sporting writer's description of The Grafter: — The Aus tralian horses, Sailor Boy ILL and The Grafter, ran at the Epsom meeting, but were of course not *eady to show their best form. The former -is a lengthy, wide-hipped, business-like bay, but The Grafter looks more like a barren brood mare than a racehorse, and his head is a terror, worse than that which Leech depicted on Artaxerxes in 'Handley Cross.' Nevertheless, the old gelding has rare bone and power, and we know that when really up to the mark he is a great horse, for did he not win the' Melbourne Cup with 9.2 in the saddle last November 1 He and his stable com panion have now their winter coats on, but weather like the present will soon begin to pull them together. Mr. Gay : Clarke, owner of The Grafter, was pre eent to see him run. According to a Maorfland paper a horse who had been -well backed for the Grand National Hurdle Race was 'got at' the night before the race. It was discovered after the race, in which the horse ran last, that morphia had been . injected. They manage to stop them j in this colony without the aid of mor- ; phia — a strong-armed boy is 'safer,' especially when the stewards are easily gulled. ' A. T. Robinson (Terth) is informed that Panic was imported to Tasmania in 1857 (when he was a yearling) by Mr. 'Sam' BlackwelL of Melton Mow bray. Panic died at Bryan CLynn, near \ Warrnambooi, Victoria, on November . 30, 1878. His two best sons were Com- i motion and Strop. The drawing of W.A. 'Tattersall's' consultation on the V.R.C. Grand Na tional Hurdle Race (10,000 at 5s.) will ; take place, as usual, on the morning of the race, Saturday next. Already over 7,000 tickets have been arvolied for, and : there is very probability of the sweep j being- over-subscribed. Those intend- : ing to invest in this consultation should make early application. It is 'said on pretty good authority that Carbineer, who was at one time (until he went 'off') much fancied for the last Western Australian Derby, will not be raced until the New Year meet ing of the premier club. The chestnut son of Carbine has done really well at Yatheroo, and he should be -at his best about Cup time. According to our Melbourne corre spondent the training tracks at Caul field and Flemington wear a very ani mated aspect just now in the early morning. About a dozen Grand National candidates are under preparation on the heath, the ranks of the locals be ing considerably swelled by arrivals from the country and New South Wales. All the colonies are represented at Flemington. Altogether 15 Western District horses have arrived at head quarters, and two others are expected tJ arrive this week. So far the best in the Grand National Hurdle Race out Flemington way are Soult (who goes through his morning tasks in a trades manlike fashion), Clamorous, Valdis, Chaplain,* and Collendina. The touts declare that, given a stand-up, Floater and i_-omino will run first and second in the National Steeplechase. 