The Boer in Warfare. BATTLE OF MAJUBA HILL. The Boor revolt broke out la the month of December, 1880, during the warm summer of the southern hemi sphere, and it oame to an end with the peaee that was concluded after the disastrous battle of Majuba Monn ' tain on 26th February, 1881. The tale of misfortune begins with the affair of Bronkereprait in Deaember. The 84th regiment, forming a part of the British garrison of the Trans vaal, bad been ordered to concentrate at Pretoria, and was on tbe march thither. No actual fighting bad ae yet taken place; but tbe Boers had held a maea meeting, proclaimed a republio, and announoed that they were going to begin, At Bronker eprait tbey laid a osref Ally prepared ambush along the road by wbioh tbe 94th were advancing, and awaited their victims. Tbe 94th were etrong ont for half a mile' along the road ; the weather was bot, and many of tbe eoldiere bad put their riflee in the waggons;. in ehort, tbe maroh was oonduoted ae if in a time of profound pesos. Nobody eeemed to have noticed tbe ambnebed riflemen, or to bave observed tbe little heaps of etonee with", wbioh these skilled banters of wild game, old hende at •booting over the bare veldt bad \- thoughtfully marked out beforehand at .100, 160 and 200 yards, their exact distance from their intended targets. The Boer rifles craoked, and in 20 minutes all the offioers and- bait the British troope. were abot down, end tbe rest were made prisoners; tbe lose-on'the side of the, farmers was almost nil. An a Western American ctndely observed, it was a case of a.lot of First olasa frontiersmen taking in a crowd of tenderfeet out of tbe wet. It was a tarribly severe lesson that in tbe faoe of a possible enemy a eoldier most never be off hie guard. After tbe Bronkersprnit disaster the whole country was up. Ail the Bri tish garrisons in the Transvaal were beleaguered by the Boers, and one garrison Potchefstroon, was known both by them and Sir. George Pome roy Colley the general in command in Natal,' to be Abort of provisions. Colley gallantly determined to cut his way in if possible, and relieve it. Be •kneir well enough that ere long an army from overseas most be sent to retrieve the honor of the British arms; bnt he was also aware that it muBt inevitably arrive too late to save PotchefetrooD. The Boers had occu pied Laing's Nek, the pass leading into the Transvaal from Natal; and, with a small British force he bad at his command, be hoped to be able to dislodge them and clear the roBd. General Colley wsb considered to be One of the very best officers in the British army, but unfortunately there was one thing of which all his previous experience bad taught h'm nothing, and that wbb how to fight against good shots armed with modern breechloaders. On 29th January, 1881, Colley moved upon lining's Nek with about 1100 men and 6 guoB. The force of Boers opposed to bim numbered 1437, under Generals Joubert and Bmidt. The Boers had no guns, and dreaded artillery fire more than anything else; accordingly, tbey dug out dummy trenches in soft ground on a con spicuous part of the Nek, and then judiciously disposed themselves in safety everywhere. Colley's guos opened fire at a mile and a half, and appear to have principally occupied themselves in shelling the empty trenches, as no one was hurt or even frightened by the cannonade. Posting the naval brigade, with the rocket apparatus and some of the 60th Rifles, in an enclosed ground, where they were under cover, and keeping about half hiB force in re. eerve, Colley deepatched five oom panieB of the 68tb Regiment, numbering 480 bayonete, together with about 100 mounted men, to assault the left of the Boer lines. In broad daylight, the foot advanced in oolumn of companies across the open ground and up the hill, against nearly tbrioe their own number of the best shots in the world, who were under cover and armed with good modern rifles, The eharge of the Dervish faoBt et Omdurmsn was not eo gallant or bo futile. In a few minutes the handful of mounted men were aoattered, and one-third of the 28th lay dead or wounded on that bloody alope. The enrvivors drew off,, re-formed their shattered lines behind the 60th Rifles, and retired in good order. The Boer Iobb is said to have besn two. It was magnifi cent, bnt it was not war. After Laing's Nek the exultant Boers threatened Colley'e communi cations, and on 8th February he sailed out from bis camp at Mount Prospect to clear the road in bis rear. Tbie time he took with him five companies of the 60th Rifles—and four gunB, together with 88 mounted men. A few miles from camp he left a half company and two guns to guard the drifts of the flooded In gogo River, and a mile or two further od be encountered a strong party of Boere. With a confidence begotten of tbeir easy victory at Laing's Nek, the Boers did not wait to be attacked, but, without hesitation assumed the offensive. Colley took up a positiou on a flattopped hill, and stood on his defence, having now about 800 meD and two guos with him. The Boer patrol numbered 167. The Boers took cover all round the hill, and a prolonged rifle duel ensued between the two forces. Avoiding the British tactics at Laing's Nek, the Boer re frained from auy attempt to take the hill by direct assault in a body; but as independent sharpshooters they kept np an incessant rifle fire until near nightfall. In accuracy of shooting, and in the skill with which tbey sheltered themselves, they proved to be anperior to ibe defenders of the bill, tbey drew off at last witb a loss of 12 killed and Id wounded, but the defenders bad actually lost sis times bs many. The sbarpshooting skir mishers bad pot no less tban balf the force they were attacking hors de combat. After tbe withdrawal of the Boers, Colley, whose horses were nearly all killed, with great difficulty succeeded in earing the guns, dotted all over as they were with the splashes of the Boer bullets j and, by a des perate Dight march, he regained his camp under cover of darkness with the remnant of his forces. England had to learn fay bitter experience that valor without good shooting is but a waste of tbe lires of her bravest sons. The spirit aod stanchness of the British troops were admirable; and Colley'a own letters warmly ac knowledged tbe fact. But as shots they were completely outclassed. Beinforcements now began toarrive. Oolley'a force at the front, which had anffered so beavily in these, two en gagements, wbb strengthened by the arrival of tbe 22nd Highlanders, fresh from their victories in Afghanistan; and witb tbem he reenmed the offensive. This time he decided to avoid making a direct attempt on Laings Nek, Ooiley had promised the eurrivors of the 58th to give them another chance of trying conclusions with their opponentsj end to seise Hsjuba he took with him a force com posed of three companions of the 92 nd, two of the 58th, and two of the 60tb, supplemented as before by naval contingent.' By a skilful and daring march, on the night of 25th February, he occupied, without op Sositiou, this post of vantage (Majuba fountain), which appeared to bim impregnable. " We could atav here for ever/' be remarked to faia chief of i staff when daylight revealed the nature of the ground oh which they etood ; and be aat down in fancied aecurity to hold it till further rein forcement* should arrive, intending then to make with their aid a com bined movement Against tbe Nek. But, unfortunately^ for Colley, the position he bad seised was not so etrong as be bad imagined. In hia fancied aecurity, Colley omitted to fortify hie position, the very error which two yean before bad led to tbe diiaster of Iwndnla. Be allowed fail stiff to distribute most of bis men around the rim of tfae eaucer efaaped bsein, where they contented themselves with piling np little heaps of etones to lie down behind. " Ob, it's all right, sir; its good enough for'what we shall want here, " said a Highlander confidently, to an obser ver who suggested that snoh a pro. tection was hardly sufficient; and agaiBst a distant enemy perhaps the man was right. The idea of the Boers eren attempting to take such a storm appeared preposterous Alas ! it was not so preposterous as it seemed. As soon as daylight re vealed to the Boer force holding Lainge Nek that their flank was threatened, they began indeed to pre pare to eend their waggons to the rear; but they determined also be fore retreatiog to try the effect of a direct assault upon Msjuba. Accord-1 iug to the account given by general Sir William Butler, some of the High lander showed themselves boldly on the sky- line in the morning light, shaking their fists defiantly at the hostile camp, which lay S000 feet be low, end of which they could now see every detail. "Oome up here, you beggars," they cried; and 223 Boers accepted the invitation. Part of the Boer assailants took cover at once with their nana! skill, and opened a long-range fire on the com mit of Msjnba. The fire did bnt little execution, though a single shot at 900 yards mortally wounded the brave Bomilly, commander of the naval contingent. Though the Boers kept it up incessantly all that long summer's morning, scarcely anyone except poor Bomilly was touched. Nevertheless, the Boers were not throwing away their powder for nothing. They snooeeded In their objeot of compelling the defenders of the hill to keep olosely under shelter, and prevented them from observing what had happened on the elopes below the enoiroliog girdle of olifC. Proteoted thus by the fire of their companions, email parties of Boors were creeping as stealthily as deer etalkers over wide epaoes of the mountain eide, where the oliff wall above eoreened them both from the eight and from the fire of the de fenders. At one part of the oiroum ferenoe of Majaba there ie a little outlying kopje, or peak, whioh ie really the key of the position. With unerring instinot one of the Boer leaders made for this point. Aoeord ing to Sir William Butler, he had about 60 men with him; and when he arrived quite near it, with his party still undiscovered, he deteoted a pioket of Beversl soldiers, who wars standing in an exposed position, un ooneoioue of the near neighbourhood of their foeB. The Boer leader or dered a number of hie men to hold their rifles at the " present,*' step baok out of cover, add fire a rapid volley. The manoeuvre was ekilfully executed; the whole pioket wae olean swept away, and in a few minutes more the Boers had got the key of the position in their hands. By this success they had turned the left of the British troops, who were holding the northern faoe of the rim, and took them in the flank, The troops thuB suddenly surprised, fell baok from the rim, and immediately other parties of the Boers rnshsd up by another gap, and aeized the abandoned positions. Praotioaliy Msjubs was taken by surprise. Till the enemy were aotually on the top tbe general and his staff never dreamed that they could loss the hill. But, onoe estab lished on the summit, tbe rapid and acourate fire of the Boera swept away the defenders, Uolley, endeavouring to rally hie broken lines, despairingly fronted the hailstorm of bullets that mowed down bis men, and fell with bis face to the foe, .Nearly half the British foros were killed, wounded or made prisoners. The Boer losses are given by Sir William Butler at six, of whom one was killed. Here indeed was a lesson to every oommander to ■sours bis weak point. Like every other post of vantage, Jlajuba Hill bad its vulnerable spot, and that spot was neither euffiolently fortified nor guarded. There is one other matter that should be mentioned. The absurdly small loss inflicted on the men who stormed Majuba would he incredible but for ooe reason. It has been already observed that the fire which covered the stealthy advance of the stormera wee all at long range. Tbe Britieb soldiers replying to it fired also at the same range. Bnt, as it was a long- range duel, they were of coarse compelled to raise their sights, with the result that when they were suddenly rushed by the Boer storm ing parties they all had the eights of their Martinis set to 000 and 000 yards elevation; bnt the etormers were at point blank distance. Conse quently, the volleys fired at close quarters by tbe defenders of tbe hill went harmlessly over the heads of their assailants. With Majuba hostilities came to a standstill. That well equipped, army, indeed, for which Colley had'hoped arrived in South Africa after his fall; bnt it was not allowed to retrieve tbe tarnished glory of tbe British arms. For good or for evil, a peace was made, which doubtless seemed to be honorable and satisfactory to those who were responsible for it. believ ing as they did that to eontinne tbe war wonld involve us in tha sin of blood-guiltiness. However the re mote consequence of our notions are far often other than we expect; and the maDy and bloody battles we have fonght since then in Egypt and the Soudan, down to the recent conquest at Khartoum, may be traced to the loss of prestige that unquestionably followed tbe disasters in 8outh Africa. The belief that the power of England might be defied with impunity em boldened Arab! Pasha to head a military molt againtt our protege. the Khedive, at Cairo. He was woe fully undeceived by the crushing British victory at Tel-el-Kebir in 1882\. the very next year after Majuba. The leaaoDB taught in 8outh Africa bad beeen laid to heart. And now it was the Arabiat rifleethat were picked up iu hundreds after the victory, sighted for an idle long range fire by the express orders of their leader j while it was a Britiah regiment that at tacked in rushes, halting every 60 yards to fire volleys at a stated range fixed by their musketry instructor. One dare not eay that the mistakes made in South Africa will never be repeated. To err is human ; aDd we have high authority for saying that he is the best general who makes fewest blunders. But it becomes possible to look forward hopefully to the future if our leaders show that they do not despise the lessous of ex perience. The late campaign in the Soudan would eeem to indicate that tbeae have at least been laid to heart and the reBUlt has been in gratifying contrast to the failures of 1881. Failures they were, and the foot must be acknowledged ; yet in speaking of them we would guard ourselves from using any language that may eeem to reflect upon the devoted men who on field after field have laid down their lives in the service of their oountry. As the thought of the lonely gravel that mark their last resting place rises before the mind, one seems to be hold the pallid line of ghosts, the victims of the war god: Slowly comes a ehadowy train, Souls of warriors brave in vain. It was not all in vain that they fought and fell, if those who come after them striven, under happier auspices, to eurpaesthem in skill and not fall short. of tbeo in valour.— T.B. TowDsbend, I in ' Chamber*' Journal ' 