THE BETRAYAL OF JOHN FOBDHAM. CHAPTER XXXV.— (Continued.)- '. > : I enjoyed the sight— I don't deny it— and had It not been that the time was drawing near for the appearance of Maxwell upon the scene, I. have no hesitation in admitting that I- should have prolonged the agony. . My blood fairly boiled within me as I gazed upon 'the terror-stricken wretches, and thought of the sufferings they had inflicted upon John Fordham. I .controlled my feelings, . how ever, and applied myself steadily to the busi- ness I had in hand. "Talking is dry work," I said. "Being In a manner of speaking your guests, it would be politeness on your part to pass the bottle round." "I second that," said Bob Garlick, passing bis tongue over his lips. The woman took no notice of the hint, but Louis stumbled eagerly forward, and held out the bottle to me. If I had not taken Instant hold of It a lot of good liquor would have been wasted, his hand was so shaky, We helped ourselves, and felt the better for It, and then I said, ' "I don't drink at anyone's expense— except in the way of friendship— without paying for it. I am going to pay for the drinks, 'and to prove to you that -you hdve acted wisely in trusting us. You have called your son a fool, Mrs. Fordham, and it would be rude to contra dict a lady. Perhaps' he is "Something worse than that, but at all events he lias not been a fool to-night. Had he followed your advice the pair of you would have seen the inside of prison walls. As It is, lie has saved you and himself. Do you think we left Jack out of the reckoning? Not a bit of It. At this pre sent moment he is within twenty yards of us, waiting for orders, and It is a good job that his account of the stabbing tallies with that we have just heard. I shouldn't like to have such a record as your: Mr. Louis, to my score, hut there will be no charge of murder brought against you. That is all you care for,. I ex pect never mind what happens to anyone else.1' HIb eyes literally flashed with joy when he heard this, and Mrs. Fordham drew a long, deep breath of relief. She would have made almost any sacrifice to save both men, but Louis came first. That is the way with mo thers, even when they are the worst of wo men. , "Is the liquor paid for?" I asked. ' "Yes, yes," Louis replied. "Take some more." I put the bottle aside, and held up my hand, for Just then we heard three single raps at the street door, a short interval between each. Then after a longer interval three rapid knocks. "Is that Maxwell's signal?" I whispered. "Speak low." "Yes." "Do you have to say anything? Must he hear your voice?" "Yes. And I must hear his." ' "Go and say it, and open the door, and leave the rest to us. We shall be behind you." I did not trust her even then, you see. We stepped softly out of the room, Mrs.' Fordham first, and we at her heels. The pas sage was dark; I would not allow her to carry a light. "Who is there?" she asked. The answer came: "All right, M." She was in such a state of agitation that she fumbled at the look. I put my hand waruingly on her shoulder, and the door was .opened. "What did you keep me so long for?" cried Maxwell, as he entered. "Is that you, Louis? Everything's, ready. What the " Before he could get out another word he was seized and handcuffed. I blew my whiBtle, and Jack came up. Directing him in au un dertone to remain in the passage till I called for him, I followed Wheeler and Bob Garlick into the room where they had conveyed their prisoner, Mrs. Fordham having run in first. She wa3 panting as though she hud lost her breath. Maxwell had said nothing more lu the dark passage, his impression being, of course, that .the police were, upon him, and that silence would best serve him. When I entered he was safe in 'the grasp of my as sistants, and. was glaring at Mrs. Fordham and Louis, neither, of whom had the courage 'to meet his eye.. "Have you searched him?" I asked of my assistants. They- shook their heads. t'Woll, let us see what he has in his pockets." Wo turned them out, the slight resistance he was able to make being of no avail. ' There was a loaded pistol, money, keys, und other oddments, and a pocket-book, containing let ters and memoranda. . Some of the letters were old and some recently written. Among the old letters were two signed by Morgan before the Liverpool affair, .the contents of . which proved the association of the two men fur the purpose of robbing Louis. The recent letters were from Mrs. Fordham, and my hur ried perusal of tliem left no doubt as to the uatu'e of the Intimacy between her and Max well. It was a ticklish position for a woman — on one side a lover, on the other a son whom she worshipped; but she had made her choice, and there was no retreat for her. While ! was examining the letters there was no sound ill the room except the ruBlling of 'the- papers. The truth dawned slowly upon Maxwell, and his face ...grew darker arid darker as he . gazed upon the forms of his confederates. He could no longer control himself. " you' all!" he cried. "What is the meaning of this?" ' , "You are charged with the murder of a man you knew by the name of Morgan in Liver pool," I replied. "It's an internal lie!" he Bhouted. "And ynu— what have- you to say to it?" He ad dressed this question to Louis and Mrs. Ford ham, but neither of the two answered him.. "So,!' he said, between -his teeth, while a. deadly pallor spread over' Ills features, . "you haye laid a trap for me, after-all i have done: to istive !you. : There stands the -murderer" — ; with a nod of his head towards Louis — "and; I am ready to give evidence against him." " "What kind of evldenco?" I asked. "The evidence of an eye witness," he said. "I saw him do. It— saw him strike Morgan down!" "Ah,1! said I,' and I stepped to the door, and beckoned. Jack In. . "What do you thihk of your ghost now. Jack?" His face beam ed, and then his eyeB wandered from Louis to Maxwell. "Dbn't you know an old pal when you see hini? But I forgot. He hav some thing on Win which does not properlj belong to liim." . , Ar.d as I spoke I plucked the false and whiskers from Maxwell's face. "Maxwell!" "cried Jack. Then the murderer knew that the game was 16st- .. . ; . » . .. . i. That very night, after lodging Maxwell lr. prison, and laying the information against him, I paid a visit to Ellen Cameron. It'. was past midnight when I reached her lodgings, but I knew she wouldn't mind that when she heurd the news I brought. Luckily the land lady of the house was up, or I should have had some trouble in obtaining admittance; she had a birthday party, and they were irierry-maklng. I explained to her that I had some wonderfully good news to com municate to lier lodger, and she allowed me to go to her rooms. Ellen's voice trembled as she answered my summons at lier door, and trembled more when she heard who nor visitor was. I called to liter not to ue frightened, but to dress herself quickly. "Good news!" I cried. .."The. best of good news!" I wns soon admitted. What a picture oi neatness that room was,, and how sweet and pretty Ellen looked, despite the trouble she had gone through! I declare a- lump rose in my throat as I lpoked at her— but there! ano ther man had got her, and he was worthy o£ her, and she of Him.. , i We spoke low because her boy was asleep in the next room,, and, as she listened -to the story I had' to relate tears of joy ran down her beautiful face. 1 finished, and rose to go. "John is .to be brought . up to-morrow," I said, "and to-morrow, he will be free. Coma to my office at half-past 9 iiri". the morning, and we will go to the court together. I know you would like to be there 'to welcome him. That is one of my reasons for. coming hero at such an liiiur. Another reason is, that 1 thought it would be' a. sin if I lost a single minute in giving you the good news." She fell upon Her knees, and burled her faeo in her Hands. Tears .were; In my eyes, too, as I was stealing out of the room. But she sprang to her. feet and .caught my hand,, and kissed it. ' "How can ive , repay. y;ou— hoyv cap we re pay you?" she' spbhed.",. ' : "I am repaid 'alreadjr;" ,1 sald,;andT pressed lier hand. anil. left her." And- indeed, in one way I was more than repaid. You know .'the stir the cose made In the papers, and the flattering things that were said of my skill— which I am too modest to set down here! My proceedings were not per haps exactly regular, "and it is quite likely that Scotland Yard Would rather have had the credit of bringing the Mystery to light. I doubt if they would have succeeded had it been' left to them. And as for what I did, and the way I did It — well, nothing succeeds like success. . I became famous— really.: And the business thut flocked upon me!' I am In a fair way of making my fortune. No need to go on the stage. " . ' . All this happened, twelve months ago. John and Ellen are tn Australia . doing well, and as happy as birds In summer-time. We write to each other regularly, and they are continual ly sending me little presents. Pleasaiu, isn't It, to feel that, though many- thousands of miles are between us, we shall hold one another In affectionate, remembrance to the last day of our lives? And then, would you believe it, a week or two ago, I was Introduced to a young lady so like Ellen that they might be sisters, ' - The moment I set eyes on her my heart went twenty to the dozen, and-1- — But that has nothing to do with this story. The 'End.;.. . 