MR. P. H. ADAMS AND DAIRBY MATTERSB. o TH0 1Drr0OB OF T? QOUEXeL D TIMeB. Dna BrI,-It is very seldom I ask spaoe; therefore I have confidence in solisoitlg the insertion of a few lines. In your ieessue of the 5th of September is a reply to " M. J. Walker" from " P. H. Adams." In it there is a portion which is altogether inasooorate. As I was con cerned in the matter referred to, and as it was the cause of a good deal of trouble to me at the time, I deem it my duty to contradicithe state ment referred to, in which Mr. Adams aeouses Lanefield of aooepting the milk from a returned milk-supplier from the Bosewood Creamery without deducting -d. per gallon (whlih penalty has aloays been lioted on Lanefield sanppliers who have stopped sending their milk, even when they had noneto send). By whose authority was this done, seeing that the rule still remains unaltered? Mr. Adams was sitting as director st the time that six soppliers stopped for a time, varying from 10 weeks to 4 months. Now, from fivBe of them one-tenth of Id. per gallon was deduoted from the value of what they supplied for a short time. From one of the five l10d. was deduted. The whole amount deduocted from the five did not reach 78\. The sixth (myself), who was the first (I believe) to supply, being absent about 10 weeks, was lumpedwith £8 at the first. Then, after some objection on my part, the reduction wae lowered to £2-?. per gallon on far more milk than it was possible for me to have under the oircumstanoes. Of ourses, I sued the com pany for the amount, but I need not say how the:aase went. Mr. Adams aoenses Mr. Walker of sowing diseord amongst the shareholders of the Bose wood Dairy ompany. The publio are well aware what dlstord existed belore Mr. Walker knew Queensland; and it sl often remarked at Lanefield what a small amount of discord there is since he oame, and ainsoe we lost the Bose wood " push,"espeaially the commission agents who were on the directorate. Your own re. porters know how quietly the meetings have been condnoted sinoe the management has been enotrusted to Mr. Walker. Fpurther on Mr. Adams says (how mghty the fall is I) that he has found " M.J.W." abitter ud clever opponent, and, in sorrowful tonee, ss him to leave him (Mr. Adams) alone, and he will remain quiet. Again, he says he never did aend never will stoop to low asotions. Ieave the publi to judge how low he sn stoop. If he has the Bosewood people under the whip, there are two persons in Ianefield who can defy him. Stone writing the above he asked me, in the presense of of several men, if I had not written two years ago a slanderous letter about him to the Bose wood Farmers' Club. I replied "No." He prednesd a letter signed ad, written by me, but I did not conslder it elanderons. He con sidered himself fortunate that it was not burnt when his house was destroyed, hbut was in the safe custody of his solioltor. In the letter re. ferred to I asked the committee to accept ty resignation as a member of the committee, end drew thsli attention to faote which oould be proved, and indlosated where to findproof. My reslgnation was not seaepted, and Ihave non tinned ever sinoe, and shall continue to be, a member of the olub, unless expelled, so long as Mr. Adamsem is oneoted with It. Mr. Adams may consider hlmeelf let down ry easily in the last letter. He does not eay by whsee authority or sanotion that letter was plaoed (if ever it was) In his solleitor's hands, as I consider It was the property of the elub. If the said letter has lost its existenoe (when wanted), by fire or other means, I will try and furamlish him with Its ghost. I have a lot more I could say, but will keep it, as I have already encrosohed on your space more than I intended when starting, and will treat with contempt any communloestion, through the Press or otherwlee, from that course.o~a e Tours, &se.;, HAB. HOBRNE. Ptark Hill, Ashwell, Beptember 18. [If Mr. Adams wishes to reply to the above letter, he may do so; after which the corre. epondenoe muist oase, so far as our solumns are oneersed.-En. " Q.T." 