hid n ik m. CHAPTER V. CONFRONTED JIY 3IIS ACC0SI3HS. 'Is Mr. Mortimer dead?' gasped King lis much astounded by tlio suggestion of this fact as lie was at his own arrest. 'Te lied ought ter know better 'an me,' Tomarked the sheriff, with a grin. ' Who accnses me of this — yon ?' and King turned hotly upon Tremper. Tho latter hastily retreated a step. His face was ghastly pale and his eyes bulged | ?with fear. 'Don't he oneasy, Mr. Tremper,' remarked the sheriff; 'he won't hurt ye none es long es I've got my hands outer . him. He's one of yer accusers, young man, and thar' comes the other.' The sheriff pointed up the street, down which Jerome 'VVilliard was walking with an easy, confident air. King looked at him earnestly, recognizing him as the man whom he had seen shortly after his arrival at Klondyke Creek. It was the ono who had boon pointed out to him by tho miner as Mortimer himself. For a moment, although King was conscious that the face suggested other and more distant scenes, ho could not recall that time .in Mortimer's office when he had seen Willard and Tremper together. ' It's the other feller thet I saw at Linde man!' exclaimed Simpson, in an undertone. ' Kinff, whv don't ye say suthin' ? What shall I do?' ? ' I've nothing to say and. there's nothing to do, Simpson,' returned King. ' I don't understand the meaning of this horrible charge against me for when I last saw Mr. Mortimer he was as alive as you are.' ' Ye hain't scared of ghosts, bo ye ?' asked the sheriff. King'turned a look of contempt upon him, hut did not answer. All other considerations aside, he could see no meaning in the sheriff's question. , Simpson was fidgeting about looking every minute as if he would break loose and start .a fight. The sheriff noticed this and remarked drily : ' Ye mought better hold yer horses, stranger ! Thar' hain't goin' ter be no scrim mage here onless I do the scrimmagin.', see ?' ' Thet's all right, sheriff,' responded Simpson ; ' I hain't goin' ter do no harm, but it'll take a good deal tor make mo believe that ye hev got a right ter thet thar' prisoner. ' Yere he's been decoyed 'cross the boun dary line jos' ter get oven with him for suthin' Jie never done. 'Er reckon he'll square himself soon enough, for I don't believe it's in the heart of Gerald King ter kill a man, even ef he was his ?worst enemy.' ' Maybe thet's why he didn't succeed in gittiu' rid of Mortimer,' retorted the sheriff, ' but he thought he'd done so an' I must say he's got a good deal of nerve to stau' thar' an' not think he's seen a ghost.' This further reference to ghosts perplexed King, but the meaning of it became tolerably clear a few minutes later. Willard sauntered up, smiling sardonically and paused when he was a few feet away. ' Well, Gerald, he said, ' 1 was beginning K to think that I should never be able to get you 1 into the hands of tho law,' ' King was so full of wonderment' at being „ addressed by his first namo by a man whose name ho could not call, that he remained silent, looking at Willard with knitted brows 81 and trying to recall where he had seen this man before. ' 'I suppose you realize a c last,' continued Willard, that we've gotyou, though youliave n given me and tlie detective a very hard chase.' 11 'You and tho detective ?' repeated King, , slowly. ' I don't know who you are and I don't know any detective. What is the mcan . ing of this outrageous charge that is trumped P up against me ?' „ Willard smiled grimly while tho sheriff chnckled and said : P ' I didn't give himt lie.chargc right straight , Mr. Mortimer, for I thought es how I'd see how he'd take it ter be charged with the mur. der he tried ter commit, so I tole him thet he -was accused of murderm' William H. Morti- ^ mer.' ' , 'That would be the charge,' responded Willard, 'if he had succeeded in his attempt ; as it is, he must be charged with attempted r murder and somo other crimes in the way of c embezzlement, hut in any case I believe that i attempted murder is punisliablo by hanging r in the territory of Alaska, isn't it, sheriff ?' ' H'm, h'm, it be, but in coursc this yere c prisoner has got tor be handed over ter f authorities from tho States, bye-an'-bye.' f ' O yes, I suppose so, but it's satisfaction i enough to feel that ho is at last in the hands - of the law.' ' King had submitted quietly to bo hand- - cuffed, shortly after tho arrest took place. Tho sheriff now began to lead him up tho - street ; a number of men had gathered about 1 and were watching the scene curiously. 1 ! ' Seo here !' exclaimed King, suddenly, i halting and pulling back. ?' I want to i understand more of this thing ? ' ' Dern yer skin, ye come 'long,' inter rupted the sheriff, roughly seizing him by tho 1 ai'm and pulling him in spito of resistance. . This was too much for Simpson, who promptly let out a right liander that caught ' the sheriff on the base of the skull and sont liim reeling halfway across tho road. \- When he recovered his balance ho turned fiercely upon 'Simpson and whipped out his rovolvev. 'There! there!' .interrupted Willard, stopping before Simpson, ' don't shoot him, sheriff. I have a notion that this man who 'is a friend of King's, may be an important ?witness. . v ' You can liavo him locked up and fined, if you like, for resisting an officer, but don't ?deal violently with him.' ' I'll teach him tor respect tho law of Circle City,' muttered tho sheriff, putting up his revolver. ' Only say tho word, King,' pleaded Simpson, trembling with excitement, ' an' dorn mo. e£ I don't clean out tho whole town ship.' The spectators laughed harshly. ' Yo're takin' orders for a pretty lai'ge job, stranger,' remarked ono of them, tapping iho butt ol his own royplvor, significantly, i I 'It's all right, Simpson,' said King, | quietly. ' 'We'll have this out before u justice if there's one in tho place.'. ' Yo'll find justice at the end of a rope, ? young feller,' remarked tho sheriff, as thoy started ou again. King's mind was awhirl with conjectures as they proceeded up the straggling street. They stopped at length before an unpainted wooden building tho door of 'which tho sheriff ?unlocked. Tho building ovidently contained two rooms, the first of which was used as tho court-room. The spectators crowded in after them and they had no sooner got well inside than a man who proved to ho the magistrato of tho place pushed his way in among thorn and sat down, at a rudo table. ' I was tolo thet ye hod a prisoner, sheriff,' said tho magistrato, ' an' so I've come over tor hold court for ye. Is it tho Mortimer matter ?' ' It be.' \ ' An' is thet tho prisoner ?' 'H'm, h'm !' ' Wliar' be yer papers ?' The sheriff handed out a document which tho magistrate proceeded to read in a stumb ling fashion. It was to tho effect that ' Harry Tremper, detective, accused Gerald King of attempting to mnrder ono William H. Mortimer of New York city. This document was re-enforced by what appeared to be a deposition made by Mr. Mortimer himself to the effect that Gerald King had made an attempt upon his life, by throwing him over a cliff. ' Now, then,' said the magistrato, when ho had finished reading, ' what hbv ye got tor say, be ye guilty or not guilty ?' ' Not guilty, of course !' returned KiDg, hotly. 'Harry Tremper here is no more a detective than I am, and as for Mr. Mortimer, I left him in perfect health.' ' Wal,' responded the magistrate, humor ously, ' es Mr.' Mortimer is yere in his own person, ter speak legally, ye mought ask him about it.' ' Mr. Mortimer is not here !' exclaimed King. The magistrate wrinkled his brows as if perplexed at this assertion, and turning to Willard, said : ' Ef ye hev anythin' more ter say than is sot down in this yere deposition, ye mought spin it out now, Mr. Mortimer.' King was beginning to get a dim realization of tho situation when Willard responded : ' What I have sworn to in that paper, your honor, includes all I know or care to say about the matter. My only desire- is to see the pris oner locked up where he will ? bo safe until requisition papers can i-e forwarded from Sitka.' ' I suppose I have a right to ask questions, haven't' I, your honor ?' asked King, strug gling to repress his excitement. ' I 'low thet ye hev.' 'Well, then,' turning sharply upon Wil lard, 'do you protend to be William H. Mortimer ?' Willard's eyes opened as if the question caused him too much surprise to answer. ' It is evident,' he s^id, speaking slowly and turning to the ' magistrate, ' that the nrisoner intends to adopt a verv novel line of Bfence.' ' I have aright to an answer to my ques on !' insisted King. ' Do yoti pretend to be William H. Mortimer P' Willard smiled as if slightly embarrassed ad- responded : ' Why, Gerald, it's absurd for you to ask ay such question ; you must know that this ttitude of yours at best can only delay mtters, even if it can succeed in doing that ; ly identity is sufficiently established ? ' 'Then you do pretend to be Mr. lortimer !' ' I am Mr. Mortimer if you must have a lain answer;' retorted Willard, sharply. ' I 'low, yer honor,' remarked the sheriff, ii — i,„;i +!,,?= i:„« lotted out, for ho didn't turn a hair when j lr. Mortimer walked down the street toward j im. I hed reckoned es tho prisoner would liink he saw a ghost.' ' Your honor,' said King, earnestly, ' I eny that this man is William H. Mortimer, hough who ho is I cannot say. I have seen lira before somewhere ? . ] ' Ah ! . I remember ; it was in Mr. Morti- i aer's office in New York. You sat in tho i alter room with Mr. Mortimer's private sec- 1 ?etary, Harry Tremper, who as I said is no i nore a detective thau I am.' 'I 'low,' responded the magistrate, thet ] sven if Mr. Tremper was Mortimer's privato ; lecretary, thet don't make it out thet he hain't ? t detective inter the bargain, an' it jes' strikes i ne thet he lies showed himself a mighty clever : letective in gittin' the prisoner outer this sido jf the border where Uncle Sam's law officers jan git their clutches outer liim. ' Thar' hain't no room for discussion es tor whether lio's a detective or not, for anyhow lie's made the arrest, and es ter the ideutity of Mr. Mortimor, I 'low thet can be settled straight enough when yo all git back tor tho States.' The magistrato looked from, ono to anothor. Willard nodded his head approvingly. Tremper, who stood back a little in the crowd of onlookers, gave a quick glance at King and then oast liis eyes down. 'Well, your honor,'- said King, in a low Voice, 'I'm a young man, but I'm old enough to know how foolish it is for an accuscd man to raise tho cry of conspiracy. Nevertheless, thoro is a most vilo conspiracy against me here. ' That man is certainly not William H. Mortimer, and if tliero were any way of com municating with the East I should demand that it bo done, for you would doubtless get a reply from Mr. Mortimer himself to the effect that he is alive aud well.' 'It's jos' possible,' responded tho magis trate, 'thet ye cut loose' from tho States so fast that yo didn't hev time ter road tho nows paper. -,Jes' for yer own convenionCo I 'low thet tliar's no objection tor yer readiu' this.' I ? So saying the mngistaate handed to King a newspaper containing a full account of tho mysteriouB disappearanco of Mr. Mortimer with a statement of the growing conviction that he had been murdered. King's face paled as ho read tho lines and everybody in tlio room was moro|jconvinced than before that ho was guilty of the charge laid against liim, ' Tho conspiracy,' said King, with shaking voice, when he had finished reading, ' is deeper and blacker than I had at first sup posed. ' I repeat that the man claiming to bo Wil liam H. Mortimer is an impostor, but of course I can do nothing but submit to the will of the court.' ' Er reckon yer right thar',' responded the magistrate in a satisfied tone. ' Prisoner, ye stan' committed on this yere charge, an' onless ye'rb content ter go with the detective with out furthor examination ive shall hev ter entertain ye yere until requisition papers come from Sitka. . ' What do ye say, do. ye waive examination or do ye insist on it.' King thought a moment. ' It did not seem possible that this conspiracy could have reached out its black hand so far as tho Alaskan capital. He believed that the talk of requisition papers from. Sitka was nothing more than a bluff on the part of this impostor, and that after they failed to eomo his' release would follow as a matter of courso. 'I shall gain. more time,' he thought, '.by consenting to bo locked up than by starting again with Tremper, for if once wo get south of the mountains the pass will be blocked aud it will be nearly a year before I can go back again to my claim.' So he said aloud : '? ' Your honor, I shall insist upon tho full process of law. This is a trumped up charge of which I am wholly innocent, and 1 demand that requisition papers shall bo forthcoming before I leave Alaskan soil.' ' All right,' responded the magistrate cheerfully. ' Er reckon we kin take keer of ye fer a spell. ' Sheriff, ye may lock the prisoner up'. The court stands adjourned.' Tho sheriff thereupon conducted King to a door just back of whefre the magistrate was sitting. He opened it, showing a small back room with a cot in it and one window aeross '^1, WQ-..0 iVnn V»ira ' This will bo yer hotel for the time bein'. -risoner,' he said, and closing tho door upon Sing he turned the key. CHAPTER VI. AS BM.PTT PRISON. Tho little crowd of spectators who had been isteniDg . to the proceedings with curious ntorest, drifted slowly out, but all lingered :o hear a further discussion of the matter Dotweon the supposed Mortimer and tho magistrate. Willard impressed them - all favourably by his easy and rather distinguished manners, 'ind the magistrato fairly swelled with pride when the impostor made somo complimentary LUIUSLUU iu ins uiuiuuuny juuiumi uisuLiun nation in handling the matter. j ' I 'low., the magistrate responded, ' thet t they're about tho words ter fit tho ease, Mr. i Mortimer, though up yere we don't make no ' pretense at an evorlastin' sight of book 1 learjiin'.' ( This .was a rather skilful way of admitting [ that the magistrate did not know what Wil- i lard meant, but the language was so evidently ' complimentary that ho could not do otherwise 1 than accept tho praiso as' graccfully as' ho ? knew how. ' Book learning,' remarked Willard, con- ? descendingly, 'is not essential to theadmiuis- ; tratiori of jnstico.' ' That's jes' what wo contoud,' responded tho magistrate. 'Wo say cs how between mail an' man we're as likely tor know what's right as tho chief justice at Washington. . 'Yo sot yer mind easy, Mr. Mortimor, about tliot tliar' prisoner, we'll lceop him for yo 'till yo can git tho necessary papers from Sitka; which I take it may bo comin* on tho next boat.' 'I-presumo so,' said Willard, 'but mean- time do you think the prisoner will be entirely safe in the lockup r1 He's a desperato cliaractcr you know, and ooo thorofore who would talco long chances for escape.' 'We-hovhed thet in -mind. Tho filet is, Mr. Mortimer, thet most men es braves tho hardships of tho journey an' endures tho climate of this country aro only too glad ter boliavo tlioinsclves. ' Wo hain't got no uso forbad men up yoro an' whon they drift in wo usually don't fool liko goin' tor tho expense of boardin' 'em, an' so tho boys liov got' inter tho way, of takin' tho law somewhat inter thar' own hands. I supposo you ketch ou tor my drift ?' ' I think I do,' responded Willard, with a smile. ' When you find an obnoxious citizcn you make short work of putting him wliorc lie' can can give tho community no further trouble,' and Willard drew his hand suggest ively across his throat. ' Wall,' answered the magistrate, es tho jedgo of this district, it hain't fer me ter know what goes on outsido of tho court-room, but I must say thet in my opinion tliar's a troo or- two out thar thet hes bent under strange fruit, Mr. Mortimer.' Willard nodded sagely and tho magistrate continued : 'Ye seo, the Yukon hain't open to naviga tion more 'an a fow months each year, an' thar' hain't nobody who keers ter make tho overland journey by way of -Chilcoot Pass jes' for the sake of seeiu'.thet a prisoner gits tor Sitka in safety. ' It's too dorned much trouble and exponso ter keep a bad man in lodgin' an' rations for nine months in the year, ter say notliin' of the exponso of sendin' him on a long journey. At least tliot's what some of tho boys soem ter think, but in course I don't know notliin' about it.' ' I can see that- it is better you shouldn't, but I must say that, in my own case now, I've come a good many thousand miles to develop somo property, and it does seem a-pity that I should waste a year or so in taking this young rascal back to tho States with mo in order to got him properly punished.' 'I 'low thet. I ketch yer drift,' said tho magistrate seriously, '' butyemustn' make no talk tor mo on the subject, Mr., Mortimer. ' This yere case is te totally different from most of those thet comes tor our notice ; most ginerally -we liov our own complaints against bad men thet drifts up yere, thet is ter say, they committed thar' crimes right at our doors.' ' Now, in yer case, yere's a crime committed in tho States an' the most wo can do is ter hold tho prisoner for tho States authorities to I come up and git him. Yo onderstan', don't J ye, we're bound ter keep King or else -thar' mought be the mischief to pay when requisi tion papers come up.' ' Yes, of course,' said Willard, ' it -would hardly do for you to get requisition papers for a prisoner that had been dealt with according to tho customs of tho community. I'll say no more about it, judge, but let the matter take its course, as in fact that is the way I wish it to g°.' ? (To le continued .) 