A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AT AUBURN. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBOURHOOD. Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in visitants from another sphere, yet with the majority of tolk the belief dies hard. Miss Marner, of " Lamington," Vic toria-road, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once seen something resembling a ghost-when, for insance, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by many months' illness. She says : " I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but ex perienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was rot to exert myself As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear ofmy disobeying this order, and I took thu "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Tihen I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, anl at night I could scarcely get any red." "VWe tried everything to induce slep," interposed Mr Marner, " but wihout effect ; then I consulted a well knvwn Collins Street practitioner. He said'my daughter was suffering princi pally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." ' This time last )ear,' said Miss Alice, I' weighed 7st. 31bs., now I amn 9st. 7lbs.' ' A great improvement ; your treat ment must have been beneficial?' ' No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Justbefore the Jubileeholidays father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel Street, Prahan; they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish.' 'And you would recommend them ?' ' Yes 7 and that strongly, too,' said Mr. Marner, ' had I known of. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two. years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds.' There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady did. Dr \Villiams' Pink Pills will cure anremia, weak heart,. sleeplessness, scrofula, consumption, chronic ery sipelas, debility, indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and chest and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paralysis, locomotor ataxia, neuralgia. St. Vitus' dance and nervous headache, and all nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr Williams' MedicineCompany c/o Roche, Tompsitt & Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, at two and nine a box or six for fifteen and threepence, but are genuine only with the full name (seven words), Dr William's Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box. Thousands have testified to their curative powers. 