FRANCIS CAREW. CHAPTER XXXVII. NEVER was Nance Derrick able to tell how she contrived to vanish all in a moment out of the reach of Alcibiade's arms and eyes. Even the whole significance of ber meeting with Francis Carew and Cucumber Jack faded for the moment before the Becret she had just learned. She ran, or flew rather, back to the house, heedless who, were it Francis himself, should see her—anxious only notto alarm her mistress before there was need. Happily, when she hurried into the book-room, she found Dr. Carrel alone, poring over a huge folio of manuscript notes, in which he was so absorbed that he did not lift his eyes when Bhe appeared. He was evidently, as usual, sitting up to study after Madame and the guests had retired. To disturb him , at such a time was supposed to be fraught with such unknown and terrible consequences to the entire universe that nobody had yet dared to do it—not even Madame. And even now, in spite of what she had to tell, it required aome courage for Nance to dare. • Sir!' No earthquake followed. The Doctor merely woke up from his brown study, placed his forefinger on the last word he had read, scribbled with his pencil a short note in the margin—that was all. ' Ah, Nanette ! What is it?' he asked. ' Ah, it is late, I suppose. Well, well. Late or early, I muBt think this case out to-night—or no sleep for me. Goodnight, child. You may lay some bread, and some fresh water, and a lemon or two, on tbe table, in the usual place, and then I shall want nothing more. Don't interrupt me now, there is a good girl.' ' But I muBt—I muBt'. I have heard —that all the slaves have been made free ' ' Eh ? That would be newB indeed. But indeed I have done no such thing: neither I nor Madame. Come, go to bed, Nanette. You know I have forbidden you these late hours. Bed is the place to dream.' ' But the news is from France—it has come to Port au-Prince to-day, and it has come on here ' ' Ah ! So, having enslaved the free, they will free the BlaveB ? Bah ! They are always proclaiming something new Tbey wiil be proclaiming to morrow that tbe heart shall bo on the other side, according to Doctor Sganarello Very well: then to- morrow I Bhall proclaim that the news is nonsense. Who told you this tale of a cock and a bull ?' Alcibiade—and ' ' Then Alcibiade shall tell it also to me. Nanette, you are an intelligent girl, and do more credit to my system than even I most sangninely believed. But this case, which Providence has today sent me, is one in ten hundred : nay, in a thousand thousand, and more. It will interest you more than anything I have not told you yet of the caprices of that most exquisite organ, the human brain—so strong that it will work miracles : so delicate that its balance will be upset by a feather : more mysterious than all tbe BtaTS in the sky: alvrayB maddest when grandest, so that one knows not a great maniac from a great man ' ' Doctor Carrel! The news has driven them mad—Alcibiade and all : tht-y are to attack the house to- night: and what then—God knows !' Eh ' It is as certain as I stand here! What is to be dono? They mean rourdor—worse than murder, I am afraid— and any moment may be the time !' He rose from his teat at once, felt her pulse for a full minute, and looked deeply and keenly into her eyes. ' There, there. Go to bed,' said he. 1 We aro not at Nantes : we are at Lea Bouquets, among our own children, whom we love, and who love us again. What 6hould they want with freedom— to starve ? Bah. It is the Convention is mad: not they. Why, there is not one who would not lose his head, rather than hurt should come to a little finger of Madame. They are children, true : but they are good children. And you must be a good child too, Nanette : and not be frightened by nonsense, and go to bed when you are told. If anything happens. I shall be here and awake; but nothing will. ... There. You have observed the valet of Monsieur de Carew That is the most acute case of of nostalgia, what you English call the Homesick, that ever was seen. We must be conspirators, we three—Madame, and you, and I. I must keep that case in my hands, till it is studied and cured. We must not throw away the gifts of Providence, who is so good to us all. Whatever Monsieur de Carew's business, we must keep him here.' Nance clasped her hands in desperation. How was she to make him understand that, instead of beiug any longer a father among his children, the word had gone forth from France that the good doctor was a tyrant doservmg only chains, stripes, and death at the hands of those to whom neither he nor Madame had ever done an unkind deed or spoken an unbiud word ? They not only looked upon Les Bouquets as an earthly paradise, but had done their best to make it so. But—though this was beyond Nance's philosophy—there was about every spark whioh flashed from the Reign of Terror a sort of magic that made the mildest forms of human earth burst into volcanoes wherever it fell. It was not only that she had read through the thick but trans- parent skull of Alcibiade. She had felt something lurid in the air; and she knew that there was at least one desperate murderer st Les Bouquets. A murderer! Why had not her mind leaped to the meaning of all this mystery a good hour ago'{ Somebody must have brought the news from Port-au- Prince that was stirring up the plantation to rebellion. The murderer of Depe Wood had been walking in the same moonbeam where, an instant afterwards, she had learned of the plot from Alcibiade. For what desperate cause, over and above private murder, were Francis Carew and his comrade wandering about the world. She. had felt that ner rnaBter was lost, body and soul, so BOOn as heieft his native shore, and that, all because Mabel Openshaw's oold heart could not love bim enough to save him, be had set sail for the devil's harbour. It was he and his comrade — who else?—who had come to turn the paradise of Les Bouquets into what threatened to be a Reign of Terror, like that of which she had been told. She nould not understand—for who could understand ?—but she could see. Was it not clear as day that Francis Carew had, in some wild humor, joined the unholy league which (as Dr. Carrel had taught her) waB vowed to the slaughter of Kings, to the enthronement of madness, and to the delivery of the whole earth bodily to the fiend ? It was no longer strange, had it ever been strange, that he should have come to Les Bouquets, for it was just such a paradise as would pre eminently attract one whose mission was to corrupt and destroy. . . And there sat Dr. Carrel, again absorbed in his notes, as if it were not a wise man's first business in those days and on such a night to believe all bad news, and to fear worse than he heard. And there Uy Madame, doubtless asleep, and dreaming all manner of gracious and happy things, while ineffable villany was waiting around to burst foith any moment at a sign—Ah, from whom ? It was terrible. It reminded Nance, only with twice the bitterness, of when she prayed for justice, and none would hear. All these things had passed through her mind in a moment: for every moment now had need to do the work of an hour. ' Ob, Monsieur,' she cried, ' what shall I do to make you comprehend ! I can only warn—I am not a man—would to God I were! The man you think mad—he is no more mad than I. It was he who killed my father: and he is here ; it is he who has come with tho news: it is he. Oh, Monsieur, for the sake of all you have done for me, listen : in a moment it may be too late for another word. For God's sake, think of Madame!' ' You are getting troublesome, my child,' said the Doctor. ' I did not look for this : no, not at all. I do not want two cases both together upon my hands. Ho spoke gently, but looked very grave, as he again rose, took a email phial from a drawer, poured a few drops into a tumbler of water, and handed it to her. ' Diink this, and go to bed at once,' said he. No: not a word more. Be at peace ; nothing 1 will happen; and if it should, I am here. There. I am not vexed with you, my child—but go.' He nodded a good-night, and fell to his notes again. She had mechanically Bwallowed the potion, and wandered from the room to watch for the fainteBt Bight or sound which might prove her words. As soon as she turned ber back, the Doctor pushed aside his notes with a eight ' Poor girl V said he. ' The troutile has gone deeper than I hoped for, after all. Who would have looked for a relapse, when she had become as sane as Antoinette or I ? Yet 1 will defy tho whole faculty to find a flaw i my treatment. I wish I had got to care less for the child Well, well Courage, Jacques Carrol. Heaven has sent you a case of Passion ; and here you are grumbling as if a chronic case for study were not a thousand times better than a cure too sudden and Boon. Yes: to-morrow wo shall have tho witcb-work all over again—poor, poor child'.' Nance had left the rcorn only in part to make herself a watch dog; but siill more to discover if if a moment's quiet thought would clear her braiu, aud teach her how to disabuse the doctor of the belief that all brains save his own were hut studies in the science of mania She dared uot wake Madame Carrel. Madame would run in a panic to the Doctor; the Doctor would sootho her with a word, and bid her go back to bed; and forthwith back to bed that loving wife would go, assured that while her husband watched over her all must needs be well. For the rest, all was a nightmare indeed. Space was annihilated between Stoke Juliot and Les Bouquets—between homes as far apart as yesterday and to-day. She would have felt no surprise had old Horneck's Black Steeple suddenly come into sight beneath the setting moon, though setting behind yonder strange sierras and throwing her last beams over tropical lagoons. Squire Carew of Hornacombe, with Cucumber Jack, leading a regiment of black slaves to revolt against a French doctor, and murdered Derrick's daughter watching it with helples eyes—could it be aught but a dream ? Would it were ! Would that file were about to wake, and see the sun scattering diamonds over Hornacombe Sands! And not only was all in dreamlight, but all was still and Bilent as a dream. The lakes and the hills lay in a vast and beautiful sleep : she could hoar her own heart beat, all was so deeply still. Was it possible that such a scene of peace could be but a calm before a storm ? Alas ! she might have answered no, and have put her trust in teeming, had it not been that the roof beneath which Madame slept like child and the doctor watched liko a sage, covered also those two men, one of whom she abhorred with her whole soul, while she loathed herself for not loathing the other. With the clearness that belongs to dreams alone, because then alone are we proof against surprise, she knew why these men were there. Was there nothing to be done ? Had Heaven placed her there in vain Was her knowledge of them, that should save tboBG to whom she had become as a daughter, to be wholly lost and thrown away ? And was Mabel Openshaw's lover to plunge at once into the depth of hell while Nance Derrick was standing helplessly by ? We all know how tbe limbs turn to lead in a dream. Nance, who had tbe arrangement of all such household matters, knew where the principal guest had been put to sleep : and tbe inspiration came upon her that there was at least one thing she could do ; if he waB ringleader, as- ,tbe Squiro of Hornacombe was bound to be always and everywhere, she oould cut him off from his following. Simply, she could turn the key upon him from the outaide. It was not much of a resource: but it waB better th«n none. She had learned onough of the Negro nature to think it little likely to be formidable without a leader: and that leader was not likely to be Alcibiade Coup-de-Tonnerre when one like Francis Carew of Hornacombe had crme with the new*. It might not be he who was to give the signal of revolt; but then it might be ; and, if it were not he, it might well prove the salvation of the household if she could contrive to keep the leader away from his followers for only a few minutes, if she could manage no more. This was a planned scheme: and the better the plan, the more easily it can be thrown out by a straw. If the signal were given, she could still picture to herself the blacks, who were but children, thrown into confusion for want of a head, and thence into B panic with which even a woman's hand would know how to deal. For both thought and fancy were passing into a fever of exaltation, and were mingling strangely with one another, BO that fancy seemed thought and thought seemed fancy: no chance aeemly unlikely—no deed too hard. At any rate if she could do nothing else Bhe could try to do Mabel Openshaw's proper work—to keep Francis Carew frum desperato crimo. Nance, therefore, stole gently along the corridor towards the guest's bedroom, trusting more and more to instinct, and to tbe Providence which, if it sent Francis Carew and his comrade to destroy, had doubtless sent her there to save, if she would only trust and follow whatever impulse came to guide her. I have said that, while her brain was in an exalted slate of Boeming clearness and unnatural wakefulness, her limbs were turning to lead; and now, OB she dragged herself almost painfully along the corridor, her eyes began to burn and she heard a dull murmur in her ears, something like the echo of the sea on the sands at home. But she could not spare a thought to herself—she was in a twofold agony, one for her benefactors who were sleeping, or studying for others, on a volcano ; one for the man whom she lovod and hated herself for loving. She was on fire with love, hate, gratitude, jealousy, revenge, terror, courage—God knows what else, and all at once and together. Her body was aching, but her spirit had no room for pain. At laet she reached the door of tho room where Francis lay. Suppose he was not there—suppose he had only made believe to retire, or had already left it, waiting to give or to receive tbe signal to rise ! She had not thought of that; and the looked in, all trembling. A night- lamp was burning dimly : and, creeping in noiselessly, she saw Francis, lying half dressed outside the Led, and sleeping soundly That Nance Derrick would ever have been creeping, like a ghost, into the bed chamber of Francis Carew, thousands cf miles from Old Horneck's Steeple, who, at the beginning of thiw story, could over have dreamed ? But then, to Nanco, it was all lihe a dream It WBS no time for over-modesty. That he waB sleeping was too good a stroke of fortuno, and, besides, it allowed her n there was still no time to lose. She did not give bim a second look, but glanced round the chamber quickly. Thfre were his pistols, lying upon his coat which he had thrown down carelossly—she etolo them the first thing. There was his hat —she sent that flying through the open window, as its fall would make no noise. Could he oscape tho same way ? No that was all safe enough; the window was barred, Spanish faBhiol), was thirty feet from the ground besides, and with nothing to cliuib by. Then ehe turned out the light, and groped her way back to the door, from which she had already takeu the key. Despite her swift silence, something must have disturbed him, for he moved impationtly, nnd turned over, metering : • Mabel!' Nance stood htill; and her heart also But he had not awoke; ho had only taken a flight back to Stoke Juliot in a dream. She gathered herself together, crept out aj.rain into the corridor, and closed the duor without a sound. All she had 1 oft to do now was to turn the koy. But, for some reason, hor fin gers frit numbed to tho bone. She bad scarcely, after much trouble, fitted the key into the lock, and bogun to turn it, when the Doctor's opiate, the unknown enemy against which sho had been struggling with all her might and main, at last prevailed. Sleep Biezed her, body and soul; and she saolt down in a soft and senseless heap upon the floor, whilo a long; shrill whistle from without was the last waking Bound that came to her ears. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 