BATTLES OF THE PAST. SOCIETY LADIES AND THE NOBLE ART. LADY LADE AS AN EXPONENT The Champion and the Butcher— War at Wimbledon — An Impromptu Dust Up— Jim Belcher and Joe Berks. A Sensational Meeting. [No. XXXVII.] The easy manner in which Jem 'Belcher disposed of Andrew Gamble, as described in the previous chapter (says tho London 'L.V. Gazotto'), proved Very distinctly that tne old stylo of boxer had not tho ghost of a chance with 'this young phenomenon. There -was destined to rlso a new scheme founded morr or less on Jem's method. Yet there was one man, many thought, superior, arid that was Mendoza, although ho was double Belcher's age, and as we have stated before, nobody more than Jem himself de sired to put this to the test. Mendoza, however, although it will be re mombcred he once allowed himself to be matched with the Bristol man for six hun dred guineas, when ho was arrested, had no intention of meeting Belcher. Besides, he had at this -time taken the Admiral Neliou, in Whitechapel, and having a wife and several children, ho stuck to business, and could not be tempted to enter the Iling again. Jem Belcher frequently went down East ivlth his friends for the express pur POeo of irritating Dan, so that he might pick a quarrel which would lead to tho coveted battle. On ono of these vUlts, in company with Paddlugton Jones, Captain Desmond, John OuIIington, of tho Black Bull, In Totten ham Court-road, and Colonel Ogle, Dan had just introduced a mipll, ot whom ho thought a great deal. Ho was a. corell glonist, named Isaac Bitton, and the above named gentleman, with a host of Mcndoza'^ friends, went to tho lattor's sparring-rooms, in Capel Court, lu order to seo the novice trotted out. Now, Paddington Jones, who, it will be remembered, had been beaten by Belcher, had become that worthy's close friend.. So far was Tom from bearing mallco towards the ..-'marvellous boy' who had thrashed him, that he was loudest of all ,ncn in his praise and admiration of JKMS SPI-itl.iDID QUALITIES AS \ riGHTnit, and when Belchei fought Amlieu Gamble, .loucs ' bad , nut ion all the money. uc,.coukl sci ape togethei, and nab ilchly rewarded forhis cbnlldenco.1 Jones had accompanied his filend to Men-' dojas oxpresslj foi the purpobc of having tho gloves on v-ltn the new man, and the Jen, delighted to show hi.1, voungster oft boforo several 'West End swells, v\as only too plrasul to let him have a turn v/lth the veteran. U was soon evident that lumoi had not lied about the pi'owess of this young He brew, and craft} old stiatcgist as he was, Paddington Jonei found that lie had met his match Indeed, tho novice was iruich too clever for him. This, delighted 'Mendoza \cry much Indeed, and his pinlsc of the 'Puv' imtatctf BUchsi and his fi lends gicatly, so thej icsolved on leaving to find somebody who would take tno conceit out of Ihu Jewish division More wild than anv bouy was .Toiirs himself, and the nc\t morn ing he went toiBeJcliei and declared that if ho could only get somebody to back him he w;ould, old as.'he, was (then six and' thirty, whilst the Je\/ was two and tweutj), fight I he bragguit Israelite, and thrash him 'lorn ?vas iso much in earnest, and so anxious' to lakb on tho Job, that Jem promised' to iluti him tho backer* He spoke to Captain Desmond/ Squire Mountain, Mr. Kelley, Mr. Aldridge, of St., Martlri's-Iane, and Dr. Mooro, who were, hobnobbing at his 'friend Cullington's, house in Tottenham Court road, and twenty guineas wero subscribed ind put down there and then in the parlor of the Black Bull, Belcher being authorised to make -titc match. This was done, and the day lived for the match was Monday, Juiy 13, 1S01 ? Of course. It is not our Intention to relate the pai UcuJai s of this will, but as certain events transpired at the meeting, which led tO;iucideutu .of . great importance to our Chitmplon's cjieei, we miiat aik our icadeu to aceompaaiy, us to Wimbledon Common and obscivc what happened It is a scoichinE hot midsummer day, the loads aio tliiolc with dust, and the journey down is. the reverse of a pleasant one. Yet nianj swells tuin out in tlich styllbh equipages, cunsplcuous amongst them being Sir .Wheeler Ouife, a now aspirant to sport ing honors, who has just distinguished hlm beif bv riding his own l.a- lioibe, Old Eng litud, A SCION OP LORD DERBY'S PETER ..,.;--;? ,?:'???.-.?.;?.:.:.? T13AZLE,, ,agalnst.: Mr. 'Parkliurst's AVeltor,' and win-. nlng,'!.tbp.' His; curricle; of : vivid yellow, b pu'e^bf '.the sjjiciesttraps'on the, road, al 'thdughiMsfaras grandeur goes,' It is beaten by 'the'Hori. Thbniiis' Coventry's tilbury, thi! latter' young 'nristp'crat 'having come In to a colossal fqrtv.ne, Is .detorniined to cut . it tiguro in society.1 ;: I He^has ''but a feW .days before made, his, appearance in .tlio parli With a curriago of six; with five; outriders, and Ills .turnout, has caused more' sensation .:toah'.,*hat;:qf-:'rbj'alfy.1:'ltsolf.'-;i;1'au't?tho' week' before ho had', lost £8000 oh a single bil liard ' match ' at. Margate, and: is, already, marked 'down; by :.tho hawks as a pigeon thiit -is , to ''? bo' speedily ;. and ruthlessly plucked. In^addltion to these two stylish youths, who aro the 'now stars in the galaxy of fashion, thoro aroall tho'oid stagers who 'never 'by any possibility, missed attending a mill in thoso day's! ' ' ,. :? ., ,: v' ; Youwlll recogrilso Sir Henry Vane Tem pest arid' his rival iplungcr, , . Sir illcharil' Heathcotc, little. Tommy Onslow' driving ,'a 'sociable' full of Guardsmen;: there is; Sir John' LadC; perched,' upon, a; box of a lofty drag which lip-tools with. consummate skill. But you 'vviir miss a figuro that Isusually at his side, that of his:lady,whb was popularly 'and net uiijuetly credited, vvlth.'heiiig'his equal. in 'tho three arts 'in.'whleh'' ho prided himself 4n excolllng^-to' wit, driving, box ing, and swearing, it is no uncommon thing to see Lady. Letitia Lade at a prize fight, arid the following paragraph is printed in tho 'Oraclo'' of July M.tho day 'following our journey to Wimbledon: 'Lady Lade ex presses her regret that she was not at tho boxing match on Monday last. Her spaiiso assured her that she was already sufllcieutly oxpert, and though sho might not bo A PBRFHCT MISTRESS OF THE CROSS BUTToCK, yet wo could wager any sum that very few ladies could put in their, blows with more dexterity , and effect.' That was tho way in which writers of one af the. most fashionable London dally papers spoltb of society ladies, in thoso days. ?.'--? 'Bui: to roturn _ to the road. Thcro Is Lord iCamolford, very badly dressed, with h|s famous bulldog .Trusty, and his dusky : groom, ; Uiil'lilchmond, and amongst tho familiar faces you will detect Ihosu of Mr. .Fletcher, Reid, Alderman Ilarvoy, Chns tiaiiCombOi Alderman Macaulay, Captain .Desmond, Lord Say and Selc, Lord Dclavel, Lord1 Tyrconnell, Squire Mountain, Colpnola pglo and Montgomery, Messrs. Culllngton; Lee, Kelly, '.Aldridge, and a: host of other notorious sporting men about town, Tho ehbbon 'peopllsh' have como In swdrms from Whltechapel and Houudsdltch; ' from Uuko's Place, Aldgato, and from 'Pettleoat- hme, to support tho 'poy Isaac,'. on whom they have1 ..wage-red, largo sums of money, misting to Mondo::a'» assurance that the youngster. must win. Without describing the battle, it will'bc necessary for us to state that before this great snd brilliant company a disgraceful scene arose. Tne balance of the betting was lu Paddington Jones' favor, the odds after they had been fighting for some time being o to 1 -on Tom, whilst the Jewish East Gliders became exceedingly excited, and thero Was the greatest difficulty in keeping the roughs out of the ring. One stalwart, half-drunken individual made himself particularly obnoxious In endeavor ing to force himself into the enclosure, lie was a great brawny butcher from Woolwich, who had gained much notoriety there as a bruiser,-. and boing iindar tho influence of drink, thought he could do what ho pleased. On two occasions ho managed to get Into the arena, and was twice ejected. The third time Jem, Belcher gave him a shove,, and SENT HIM FLYING THROUGH THE ROPES, when tho blackguard avenged himself by attacking Mr. Aldridge, of the famous horse repository in St. Martlu's-lane. A general free fight ensued, and It was not for sonio time that 'sufficient order could be obtained to renew tho fight. That having been done, the men fought «\vay fiercely until Tom Jones was knocked out of time by tho powerful young Jew. Just as they were leaving a loud voice in tho crowd shouted out, 'Where's young Jem Belcher V Where's your champion '? Jem, peering through tho crowd, recognised tho big butcher who hud created the row in tho riiiR. This Woolwich infant's name was Joe Borlts, and tho runiau. at -the termina tion of the flfiiu between Jones and Bitton. had challenged anybody present to light him. On hearing ills name called out in this man ner. Belcher walked over to where the bully was, and asked him what ho wanted. Tno reply was a blow aimed at Jem's head. Our hero was a bit. 100 Quick for Mr. JIarrow bono though, and dexterously avoiding tho attack. Bc-lclicr slapped him smartly- over the chock. With a volley of oaths the. In toxicated butcher yelled 'Oh 1 you'll fight, will you ?' and proceeded to strip himself of his white, smock. Jem, smiling at, tho audacltv of tho fellow, simplj buttoned up his coat and awalted'tho Issue of events, amidst- Ihe 'curiosity of tho crowd, which had beeomo very thick in their immediate vicnltv, anticipating some fun whlc'i was not on tho prngramitie. Thev hid not long to wait, for Master Jou Bulks was 111 eaincst, and rushed in ituiouslv n.id fcailcssly upon Jem in iuch a sudden and uue\nectcd mnnnei that the latter was quite unprepared for ihcatnjnglh and frrco which he put Into the atticK I'oi fuly live minutes the tv.o fought desperate 1\ It was all 0110 round, no seconds, 1101 scircclj iocii lo move In, but they ham ?ncicd awnv at e-ieh otnei i,i an e\traoi dinaiv innnnoi, until, at tho instigation of sonio of the swell' sportsmen; Bill Warr and John TacUson Inteifoied and stopped the men, at tho seme time intimating tint thej should havo tho set-to piopmlv in the ling Here was en iinlcikcd-foi Moat— the gicn* Jem Belcher pci forcing In tho arena with A COLOSSAL UNKNOWN As thoi peeled it was obsorvablo that tho Bristol lad lint! iceeivod a cut over tho «o, whilst the butcher was bleeding at the nose ard Lad a gash on tho lip Into tho ring thov' went, and everybody thougnt to see tho tipsj, big, blustoilng butchoi receive a raio and lmiurdlatc Hci. hiE Not 1 bit of it though, and fow could boUoio their pyds foi although Joo Beiks did not display a knowledge of science, he coon showed that diuuk as ho was, ho Could hit CNceeJIngiy hard, straight, and ' . ; _ JOE BERKS. often,, and that he had any amount ot Vdlvll' in rhim. Once the butcher brought' ithei Champion to his marrowbones with n tremendous blow on tho sldo of' the head.: ?and, to quoto onoot the chroniclers: 'The bystanders were petrified. Tho Champion :of-:England, the brilliant, invincible, irre islotlbl'j, phenomenal Jem Belcher knocked ?.down by a man whom nobody know— no- -body,'.a't any rate, among tho recognised patrons and professors of tho Fancy 1 ..What could It moan ? Could it bo possible ?that. In this big. noisy, insolent .butcher, ?.they saw the man who was destined to rlower the colors of the illustrious Bristol youth, and. tear tho laurels of tho Cham pionship from hl3 brow J' ' It would appear that Belcher was unablo ? ;to keep many of tho blows out. The noiso, ?confusion, andi.uproar, - around the ring must havo been fearful, for Berks had ?many pals from the East End, and whon .they saw the big butcher holding his own against the Champion thoy BECAME PERFECTLY FRENZIED. Jem's friends could not make out for tho life ot them why he did hot finish tho fel low off. Tho only reason -was that ho couldn't. At length, however, there vvns. a look of fierce determination on the coun tenanco of Belcher, and he was thoroughly roused. In spite of persuasion on tjie part ?of his friends not to demean himself by (loins battle with the drunken ruffian, Jem wont in with a will and tried all ho knew. Slash, slash, slash, went his knuckles Into I the. bleeding face of tho butcher. Yet ho I stood gamely to tho man of science bororo htm. Never did Belcher look so savage, and nt length, after twenty minutes' light ing In most deoperato ding-dong fashion, Belcher, with a tremendous hit on tho mark, sottlcd his man, and rolled him over . on tho grass, and thus ended ono of the most sensational turns-up ever witnessed in connection with our Champions. Most exaggerated reports appeared next day in tho papers as to the damage sus tained by Joa Berks, the ?'Oracle' inform ing its readcrb that tho light ended in tho butcher 'receiving an unfortunate blow which took off his nose, and part of his upper lip,' whilst the 'Morning Post' an nounced that Berks was 'so dangerously 111 that his llfo was despaired of.' This very fortunately turned out to bo untrue, although tho man had received sonio vory rough handling, and, as a matter of fact, ho had his nose cut by Belcher's knuckles 'so deeply that the scar was conspicuous for the remainder of hlo life. Tboro wore some good judges present, Lord Camolford amongst them, however, who felt suro that JEM BELCHER HAD CAUGHT A TARTAR, .' . . ' ?',.?; arguing that it Joo Berks could give the Champion so; much troublo while In a drunken arid uii trained, condition, iio.might in all probability, be moro than a 'match for him if properly prepared for a good straightforward mill. So out of love of pure, sport, and to glvo a l-ravo man fair play, his lordship determined to back Joe Berks against the Champion of England. He was, however, apparently In no particular hurry to do this, for wo learn that Camelford ssnt tho butcher first to Mendoza, with whom ho was 'put out to nurse,' and initiated into many of tho tactics of tho ring, in which he was palpnbly dcllcient. He was also carefully looked after, and kopt In strict training, making marvellous strides In both scienco and physique to M10 admiration of Mendoza, who detested Belcher, and to the satisfaction of Lord Camelford and Ills friends, who kept tholr Intentions as secret ns possible. It was In tho July of 1801 that tho turn up witii Belcher occurred, and It was not until September 12 following that' the match was made. We read: 'On Saturday, Belcher met Berks nt tho Cock, in Sun ?itroet, Spltnlflelds, when Jem accepted ihln toiiral challenge foi 100 guineas ' Seven days later, on September 1S\ we are infor med that they met at the same house 'to. proceed to the battle-field.' This seems very strango that tho Champion should .-igico to fight 'o soon a'tei the signing of articles, hut tho only explanation . wo can give Is that both men, must have boon.nro ! paring some tlmo before, and' It vvns not until tno list moment tint they wore on ablel to ngieo as to amount and fKtuie However, this 'piomptness and cngorness on both. sides,' as one historian puts it, was of little avail, foi vhcu the mon mot at the Cock, In Spltnlflelds, to proceed to the battlefield, it was dlbcoveiod that tho POLICE HAD GOT SCENT OF THE. AIT MR, and that a magisti ale's, warrant had boon iismd It w-s consequently decided to postpone tho meeting until October 12 As It turned out this vns veij fortunnto in ono ie3peet, for September 10, the \oiy' da- upon 'which they hid settled to fight, clashed with a great sporting c/out, and itanild have deprived many of the most en thusiastic of the swull spoilsmen fiom be ing present It ?was tho da- upon which fail llairj Vane Tempest's Cocktlghtor, and 'Mr. Johnston's Sir Solomon wero to. run oa their gund match at Doncaster This event caused tho greatest excitement lu spoitlng cliclci,, and «o many aribtociatlc followers of the Fancy 'journeyed to the: Town Moor that Messrs. Bolchor and Berks must havo been very thankful to the magistrate'1) coiuldeiato postponement, for had the fight cine oft on tho oiiginil fi\ iuru the attendance would have -been scant indeed. Poihnps it may bo intoicsting to om lca dois 10 give a. tov. details of the grand match vvnioh so fiscinatod our spoilsmen 01 the peiiod Since tho fimoua contest between Ha-n.bletonlan and Diamond no race hnd attiactnd such general attention as the coming duel between Cocl-fichtoi and Sii Solomon Sli Hanv ^Vjno 'tem pest, a3 oui leaders know, w is exceedingly popul.11 In London circles ot fiihlon and 3port, whllU up In his native Yoikshlic, the Tvkos swore by him Mr Johnston, 0 1 tho other hand, vas a 1 lch N01 thum brlan squlie, uttcily unknown In 'he me tropolis— had novel, indeed, 'been fuithei boith than Doncaster, not even to Nov - 11131 ket, though he nas pis3lomtolv fond of the Turf, and was a largo bioedoi ot b'ood stock. The Letting was 0 to i on Cocltflghter. Tho match was for 1000 GUINEAS A-S1DE, o\ci 1 fcui-mllo course, and tho whole sporting world flocked to Doncastor to epa it. Never before had the old Yorkshire 1 icing town been such a gdthcilng ot sportsmen— patrician and plebeian— never h.-id .inch an excited and en'husiastic mul titude assembled on tho Town Moor. The Tykes, to a man, hnd put their money on Cocknghtcr, though It was a disappoint ment to them to seo Shepherd, tho York shire jockey, who had piloted Sir Harry Vane Tempest's horse to victory in tho St. Lcger of 1799, riding Sir Solomon, whilst a stable lad was entrusted with the gui dance of their jiet. But thero was' a greater disappointment In store for thorn, for Sir Solomon romped homo an easy win ner, and nearly a quarter of a million of money ehangod hands on tho issue. But to return to our muttons. Tho match between our two man Was fortunately post poned, and before describing the first great 'battle between' the Champion and Mr. Jo seph Berks, to ;- which wo proposo devoting jinnthnr nhnntnr. lnt us have a' llttlo to Gav about the -brave -butcher, who had the te merity to 'tackle tho. clever Bristol youth, an'fly. ?furthermore, to dispute tho title in tlid'.ririBiVj:'' ? ' : ' ' . ' .- Oh glancing at the papers of the period with acounts ot his turn-up with Belcher, we find that .he is described as 'Bourke, a butcher from Woolwich,' whilst Pierce Egan, in 'Boxlaha,' follows suit,, and stales that ho was' an Irishman. Now this Is w'rons, as also the nanib of Burke, given in tho 'Chronicles of tho Ring.' Joseph Berks was a native of Wem, in Shropshire, somo ten miles distance from Shrewsbury, and was originally a cooper by trade, al though ho afterwards followed tho caling of a butcher. 'Pancratia,' Which is the most reliable authority upon theso matters,. tells us '?'thatV'h'e'.sWnii1,';'1,'.;; '?'??'.'?'' ,'''.'.,' ' ' A POWERFUL, HEAVY- MADE' MAN, six feat-i -high; 'and weighing fourteen stprio.\ Also; that on September is; 1797, ho fought a sovero .bnttlo In Hyde Park with 'ono Christian,- a shoemaker, much fnriclod toy tho sons of Crispin.' Tho 'Con- test lasted fifty-five minutes, during which thoro were twenty-two rounds ot severe boxing. Berks, despito a wrangle for a foul, was doclarcd the winner.' So it would appear that Joo was not altogether tho novice he was thought to bo amongst the Belcher section, and with Mendoza's coaching and his plucky, deter mined spirit, was thought by Lord Camol ford and hir. friends good enough to bid for the Championship. But that buttle, and somo extraordinary cccnes which happened prior to it, in which Berks' noblo patron figured, wo must defer until next week. ? 