THE WHITE VIRGINS. By JuiiN BLOUNDELLE-BURTON". Author of "freedom's Stroke," &e.; [Published by special arrangement with the. author. All rights reserved.] The eliarrette had halted beneath the lime, trees—-which ware still, in flower at the end of this hot August or beginning, of September—and the men who conducted it were beginning to look for the brook which might be heard babbling close by, sin both they and,their passengers were athirsfc after the long journey commenced at day break. The vehicle had stopped outside Lagny for the last drink to be partaken of ere Paris should be reached and its jour ney finally accomplished. ' Yet never had any conveyance passed along those roads, now so white and dusty from the long summer's drought, which bore so strange a load as. that borne by this old lumbering thing—half patache and half van; never had-such a * freight been seen in any carriage which had. travelled along those roads and had thereby caused old .women working in theYelds, and old men'whose'backs were bowed with toil and poverty, to run, or shamble, towards it to j gaze upon that load. ' ."Sainte Vierge," they muttered to each other, "they must be Her votaries. See to their white robes—and, look, some bear lilies ■within their hands—fit emblems of Her purity, and all are clad in white,.while some do smile and prattle. What can it mean?" these innocent, ignorant peasants asked. "What? Can She, our Sacred Mother of Sorrows, be coming to walk this" eartb again, and, are the children sent De fore to proclaim peace to our distracted land?" Whereon their eyes would glance at the open charrette and rest upon .fourteen young girls—there was hot one more than .18, years old—who sat within i't, all clad in white and holding, as the peasants. had said, lilies in their .hands-^while one fon-' died a little dog that lay sleeping in, ' her lap. The laborers noticed, too, that upon all their innocent young faces there was a tranquil, happy look, such as you may ob-: serve upon the faces of little children whose minds are iree frdm guile and still pure, though'- already ■ sufficiently ripe. tc. understand' and appreciate now good' it is to be in the world and to be full Of life and youth. Full of life and youth, and with old age and pain 'and sorrow far away as yet. . 1 "They look," said one old peasant woman, crossing herself as she'spoke, "as. if they/might stand face to face with the good God and fear not, since they have •never known-aught of evil. 'Suffer little ones to come to Me,' His only Son said; Surely He meant' such as these." ; ! "Bonhomme," demanded a sturdyyoung peasant, addressing the'driver of the char rette, who was now handing up wafer to the white-robed girls in the cart; while touching the man on the sleeve as he spoke, what is it they do,"and where, do they go? Is it to some great feast under the republic?" and he glanced towards where Paris lay, "or—say—a marriage—une noce? Eh.?" For a moment .the driver paused while, looking at the young fellow who question ed him, so that the latter observed how rough and cruel-looking a man the other was, and how upon his sleeves hq bore spots of dried blood, as though he were a butcher or a cattle slaughterer; then- the fellow replied in a low voice, though not a harsh one, "Yes, it is to a marriage— une noce—that they go." i "Whose marriage?" the peasant asked, his curiosity aroused. 1 "Their own." "Their — own! These children. Why, mon brave, how can that be? Some—that little golden-haired one there, to wit; She* who nurses the dog—she with the blue eyes such as the angelp had. in our late church windows—she is not 10 years : of age. Does the Republic permit girls to marry at that age? Nay, such things would better have befitted the days ' of Capet's predecessor; the days of Louis XV. of foul memory," and he spat upon the earth as he spoke. "They are brides," the driver said. , "Brides. That is enough. It is no part of my work to answer idle questions." Yet, to the surprise of. his interrogator, there ! were tears in his eyes even as he so're plied. And, also to that interrogator's surprise, this man of harsh and menacing appearance took the hand of one of the white-clad children as it hung down over the-side of the charrette and kissed it soft ly, while muttering, "Pauvre petite. Pauvre bebe " "What is it?" the peasant 'asked, stag ing at the' man and his companion—who I had now joined him. "What! What!' Great God!" he exclaimed, . recoiling a step—"it is not that! Oh! say it is not that. And they such little helpless things. What harm can they have done?" . Then—because the driver's' face showed that this journey was in truth the thing of horror which, the young man nad sud denly divined it to be, he whispered, "Do theyknow?" • j "Nay, they know nothing. They- think they go to a fete—a great celebration. ■ All think so but one—the eldest. And she will | not tell them." "Why?" "She is the daughter of the one who uttered their sentencer-of Paul Salbris—he not knowing his own child was amongst them. When he does know it he will sure ly slay himself." - The three men had been joined.by some women ere this; women who, seeing the. young girls in the charrette with nothing but some bread to eat with the water they1 drank, had handed up to one a piece of brioche, to another an egg warm from the nest, and to a third a plum—their women's hearts being touched by the children's youth and innocence. But they had by now overheard some part of the talk and —well—they guessed the rest. "What have they done?" asked an old bent "Woman who. had been standing by. She was an aged, hideous crone this, one burned black from exposure in /the, fields and wrinkled and- almost mummified by age and the elements, yet with still a wo man's sympathies left to her;' since from her old eyes the tears were falling. • ."They were sent,by their parents, dress ed as you see them now. and with flowers in their hands to welcome the King of Prussia and'the Duke of Brunswick at Ver dun; to welcome _ them as saviours of France from the Republic. For that they are condemned and sent to Paris for——" "Oh," said a young woman, swarthy and comely, who held her own little' babe' to her brown breast. "Oh, God. And this is. the Republic that <was to free us allj I to make us so happy.. And their parents •—their mothers, above all. 'Have they said farewell to them?" this handsome peasant woman asbed? sobbing. For a moment the driver paused, looking at her. ' Then he said— "The parting is made. The mothers have gone before to—to—to—to welcome their children iii heaven. Thank God, these in .nocents do not know it. They think they will be bhck at Verdun soon and find their mothers waiting for them. But it is not there that' they will.meet." An hour later 'the char ret te was a league further on its journey ; towards Paris— Paris, the very name of. which had by now grown hateful to the whole civilised world —and the peasants were sittinsr in the shade by the fountain- of their village talk ing over, that which they had lately learnt. It had been the custom for generations of such peasants to' sit tnus around this foun tain at eventide conversing about their con cerns which, though but trivial babble to all the rest of the world, was of import ance to them—and so they sat now. For although there were no more hateful, accursed corvees to be attended to; no more hateful'and accursed tithes and three fourths of their earnings to be paid to the noblesse, since the guillotine 'had changed all that and the noblesse had vanished like chaff before the wind—the people still had to 'labor cruelly t<) rind the wherewithal to live, "arid the sweat still ran down their cheeks daily as the3r toiled, and their backs became more and more, bent and bowed, and their limbs ached more and more, as they grew older with their day's work. So that theif fountain was to the men on sum [ mer evenings as the clubs had been to the' men of that nobjesse w^ich was now ex tinct; the noblesse whose heads were now rotting in .the common fosses of Paris while their bodies rotted in the burial ground'of .the Madeleine; and, to the women, as the salons had been to the haughty ladies of the Queen's court, most of whose dead bodies were likewise headless at this time. "Yet, palsambleu," said one strong sinewy peasant, "it is too much. We have avenged ourselves on the nobility, who smiled and smiled and leered at our suffer ings, as well as on the women who were their wives. But—on little innocent chil dren! Grand Dieu! they go too far." ' "They say the end draws near," exclaim ed another, "for the King—." "Hsh—HsH," interposed the first speaker. "Not the.King—but Louis Capet. If there were any creeping about this village to-night, any' agent, any' spy, any mouchard, your own neck would be near the knife as is Capet's own." • "Still,", muttered the handsome peasant woman, who had heard everything earlier in the day, "it is an accursed thing to slaughter those innocents. This cannot be justice." "They guillotined an aristocrat's dog at Bordeaux they say,"' whispered another, "because the master was an aristocrat. A dog is as innocent a cra'ture as a child. They will stop at nothing. They will— what is it, mSre? At what do you chuckle?" the speaker said, breaking off to regard an old woman who was laugUing to herself—an old creature almost senile from weight of years. "What is it?" "He who drove .the tumbril—nay, the ehairette—well! 'tis much the same thing— he said' one who condemned them 'had a daughter amongst them, unknown to him self.^ 'Oh—he! Oh—he. That is good. That' is good. Curse him—how he must writhe at his. thoughts, this Herod, this slfliifrhtprpr _nf thp inrmppTVf^ " "Mere," exclaimed- the man, -with a sinister-' grin which . belied his words. "Mere, you, are an aristocrat. You should rejoice at What is that?" while as he broke off now he'bent,his head towards the' road. The road which ran from Ver dun towards Paris passed through this village. And, likewise, all the others bent their heads. "It is a horse galloping," said one, "a horse coming swiftly. One ridden to its full speed. What may it mean?" /'Perhaps a reprieve—a pardon for those helpless babes," the handsome young pea sant woman gasped iri her excitement.. "I pray God. Yet—ah!" she cried, a moment afterwards, "if so, it is tod late. They are in Paris now—long sineef—oh! Mon Dieu, it- is- too late. Too' late." Even as she spoke they could hear, in the stillness of. the late summer* evening, the ring of the approaching horse's hoofs at the other end of the village street—it was passing the chateau of Monsieur ne • Marquis, now—Monsieur le Marquis who was taken to Paris and guillotined last May, while his chateau was shut up (lucky it'was not burned!) and had now Liberte, Egalite, Fraternite painted all the length along its front. The animal was in the vil lage street. It was close now. It was upon them. It bore- upon its back an elderly, white faced man, and they could see, in the still remaining dusk, how wmte he was; a man whose eyes were hollow yet gleamed as though with fear, and down whose face the perspiration rolled.' A man who looked as though he had seen a ghost upon the road he had followed or had encounered some hideous sight that had blasted him. Ob serving the group of peasants, he pulled up the reeking horse he'bestrode with a jerk, so that he almost threw it on its haunches, and then he cried in a hoarse, raucous voice—"The charrette. A charrette full of young girls dressed in white. It must have passed here. It has passed here. Has it not? Speak! Has it-not?" "Ay," exclaimed one or two voices. "Ay, it has passed. Five hours ago." • "Five hours," the man cried; shrieked indeed... "Five hours.- Oh, God—it cannot be! . Not five hours. Say it is not five hours.. Say it. Say. it!" "Nearer six," grunted the o-ld woman, yet clearly enough -for the • horseman to hear her. "Far neater six." "Oh," cried the man—and now his face was whiter, more deathly than before; the face of a cbrpse .within its shroud. "Ah, I am too. late. I am "too late. They—will— be—dead—ere I can reach them." "Have you then a reprieve, a pardon for them?" asked'the handsome. young peasant woman, while as she. spoke she drew her own babe nearer to her breast. "I can—I could—have saved them if I had been in time. If I had known earlier. I am the syndic of "Verdun. I am " "You are perhaps .Paul.Salbris?" a voice asked solemnly from out of the fast- ap proaching darkness. "God help me, yes. Oh, had they told me earlier. Yet—yet—even in hopes- " will go on. The charrette might break down —a disaster may haye happened—even to the horses. I may yet save them." And without further words he turned Ids wrist and urged the already tirea, panting horse upon its road again, towarus Paris. "He is too lae," - the young peasant mother whispered., "Far too late. What has become of them—wha/t are they 'by' now? What? What?" \ What liad become of -them was that they had long since entered Paris by the eastern gate—-'that, prattling to themselves, especially the youngest of them, smiling at* the crowds which stared at them, though with a look of horror and astonish ment on each upturned face; waving some-1 times their lilies to those who so repard ed them, they passed along -their road and through the crowded streets of the in fernal, city. Among them the - charrette; went—still. stared,, at by. astonished, eyes;' they, these innocent children, not under standing why here and' there a woman" fainted as she . gazed on ' them —nor why fierce-looking men with red • caps on, who' had also smeared their 'faces and . hands with some thing red—they could not -understand why —should mutter imprecations and clench their fist's, and, in more than one ease, I throw down, the weapons they bore in their | hands and rush away from the sight of i the children. ■ Nor could they understand why -horrible, cruel-looking women, with : [knives in their-girdles and Phrygian caps upon their heads, whom some called, as they could very well hear, '.'LesLecheresses de Sang," should suddenly scream as though struck with frenzy and then rush forward crying—"No.. No:' - Not that. Not -that, j God! not that." : ' , . •But still the-charrette went on. It went on-down a long open street with, on one'side of it, a :partly-burnt palace' having banners of red and white and blue hanging from the windows, and with, as elsewhere, the words Liberte, Egalite, Fra ternite painted all over i't—a palace stand-; ing, in beautiful gardens! It went oh and on, and so, at last, it reached a great open place on which there 'Stood hundreds upon hundreds of people. People who seemed to welcome them, though in a strange way, too, these children thought; since/ as be fore, the women wept and shrieked and fainted, while-from the menrs throats there rose a hoarse, angry, and perhaps ominous roar.-And then—then—the charrette stop ped before a strange-looking little erection; a square, wooden thing, to which six steps led up,.. and above 'Mich were! two tall posts, having a cross" piece oh the top of them, beneath which shone a beautiful sheet Of bright polished steel—looking, as the children thought, like a great magni fied copy of the razors they had seen their fathers use. But what pleased them and made them very happy was that the cruel-looking women Whom they had heard called "Les Lecheresses de feang" could not, they thought, he very cruel after all, because, as they saw quite well,' these women had found some lilies like their own and wern strewing - all the -floor of the strange-look ing building with tfiein. So that, as thej told each other—all speaking but the eldest I one, who uttered never a jsord but only, stared "with, an awful stare upon her face—I the people of Paris were glad to see them and make them welcome. "Descend," said tne driver, whose eyes they noticed were very red' and watery— indeed like the eyes of a 'man who was weeping—yet who weeps on fete days?— "descend and go up one by one. You, first," and he spoke to the girl who had carried the little dog in her lap. for two days. Whereon the child, pleased to be taken notice of, got out of the eharrette and ran up the six steps to where at the top there stood a young man very well dressed, who held out his hand to her and led her gently; forward. A young man wnose .name . was Sanson—though naturally she did not know it—and who was the hereditary, execu tioner of Paris. _ ' - "Bon soir, mademoiselle," he said very gravely, and to the girl's astonishment this good-looking young man had also his eyes full of tears. ."Bon soir. Shall we-begin to —to—to—mon Dieu! (he' whispered) to play?" ■ . "If you please," the.child answered, still proud of being so much noticed. "But you see, I have Fifine," and she pointed.to the little dog.- "Someone must look after her while we play." "It shall be well cared for, mademoi selle," the young man answered, turning liis head away. "Very well. Always. Have no fear." "Oh, yes, it must be. Because," went on the child, looking up with her innocent blue eyes into those of the gentleman who seemed so kind, "it will be a year old next' week. And we are coing to make a little fete for its birthday—and" m'otner has a ribbon for it—and I am going to buy it a littlb box of bonbons—" "Dieu des Dieus," murmured Sanson, "this is too much, even for such as IP Then he turned swiftly away from the child and spoke to a gloomy-looking young man by his side, who nodded solemnly and simply whispered, "Yes, if I ean eh-v dure to do it." After which the handsome1 gentleman stooped down to the girl - and kissed her, saying, "Go—and—olay. Go and—ah! God bless you. Give me the dog. Give it me. I 'will guard it carefully." And—so—ran down the steps with the lit-, tie animal in, his arms and disappeared into the Crowd, speaking only to' the driver of the-eharrette and whispering, "Turn their' faces away from it. Let nou<f see what happens to each as they go before.": They said that night in the wine shops of Paris that surely this must be the end: that neither Danton nor Desmoulins, nor Robespierre would dare to let any more be executed, after the thrill of. horror which, all had felt—even including Les . Leehe-' resses and les Vengeresses—at the slaugh ter of these innocent, smiling children Yet it was not the end. Countless nobje heads were still to fall—a king's.and f a queen's amongst. them, as well as more simple ones; more than two years had jet to elapse ere the sickly, fcetid, and blood stained shadow of death, .which for so long had rustled its savage wings over Prance, was finally driven off for ever. Next week— BURIED ALIVE, By, S, Baring-Goukh 