ST. ANNE'S soar NTlr. On Sunday, Febrnai-y 26th, at 4 p.m., the Bishop of Perth bestowed upon, the members of the Society of the .Children of Mary, in their chapel, the Papal Benedic tion. He also presented thein eacn with a medal from the house of the Blessed Virgin, which he had obtained for them in Italy. His Lordship afterwards gave Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament. ... On the same occasion the Bishop pre sented »to the St. Anne's Society, over his episcopal signature, the formal recognition, of which the following is a copy " The confraternity of St. Anne, which has established its name in the hearts of the citizens, for its works of charity is hereby appro \ ed, and enjoying as I do the favour of the Holy See, to erect and con firm Riic.h charitable associations for the relief of the poor, both spiritual ;and temporal, I declare this association, to be hereafter known as the Confraternity of St. Anne, has, and enjoys in this diocese, all the privileges and indulgences granted to the Society 6f St. Vincent de Paul. "I impart to you and to all these who shall be enrolled with you in this associa tion for the charitable objects for which you are associated, the Papal Benediction, in the words 'Of Pius IX., ratified by Leo XIII., and which I am authorised to impart to you, May God bless you, as I bless you in his name. May he bless your spouses. May he bless your children, May he bless your families. May he bless your homes ; and may this Benediction bring into your homes peace, concord, union, happiness, and alb the virtues. May God the Father bless you, and may His Almighty power give you the strength to vanquish all the contra dictions and obstacles that you will meet in the practice of virtue, the strength not to be wanting in the Holiness requisite for your duties and your obligations ! May God the Son bless you, and may he give you a ray of wisdom, that you' may know how to defend religion, that you may have words 'of council and of truth capable of winning soul- and of bringing back into the right way those who may have wandered from it! May God the Holy Ghost bless ' you. May He give you, May He inspire you, May He cause to shine in your hearts a spark of His Divine Charity which will increase yours, and, augmenting it cease lessly, will render it each day more active and more efficacious." The branches of the St. Anne's Society are as follows France, 108; Italy, 97; Belgium, 41 ; Austria, 13 ; Turkey, 6 ; Persia, 9 ; Mexico, 25. 