CHARLEY BlRRELL, BY ATHA WESTBURY. . [COPYRIGHT.] 9 CHAPTER in. B , The invited guests arrived at the Bun- 9 tL Sucli a laughter-loving, merry B n' never before assembled in the B Knct colonel's dwelling. Country B fiins male and female, as full B (fun and frolic as dolphins in a gale B irind, with their more refined and staid H metropolitan neignuors, sarcastic ana uis- I 'in tlie ruck of the rustics were Cap- i4in Jack Plunger, his wife and three daughters- Each of the dear girls stood B ver-ifcet 10 inches in lier hose, and ap- B rcj anything but consumptive. Tlierc 9 Jjg minced to iiupiire what profession Jack I Plunger belonged to— "mariner" was writ- 9 ten right athwart his figurehead as plain as I | pikestaff. The Rev. Canon Hurker, Mrs. I t'auon Barker and the Plungers were the 8 (renm of the Windsor aristocracy. The 1 ICft — lord love you! were nobodies. Squat- 8 lets and J's.P., with maiden aunts and rosy 8 jjeics, were not in the set of the eclat. 8 Hie miller, Tom Bhikely,-and his handsome | gun ami daughters, might be tolerated 'or I the nonce, tint you must clearly understand 8 Hut the.v had the honor of intercourse with 8 (fee l'lnngers only on sufferance. The ltev. Theodore Bayer Harkcr and his I rife were a fair, illustration of the nioun- j tiin and the wart. He, diminutive of I itatnre and thin; she, a lifeguardsman in I petticonts. Intellectually the parson was a 1 (iant, physically he contented himself with I liking shelter under the lee of his cara | iposn. On one occasion, during a visit to | (he city, the little nmn and his better half I ibauecd to be passengers inside an omni- j tus. It was a chilly evening, and raining. | "Will any gentleman go on top to oblige I i lady?" cried tlie conductoiy»th.ruslirig in I fc head. j,'" I "I'll answer for this' gentleman)? replied I He parson's wife, loftily; . "He's li'ot'gdipg l ie catch cold for any lady, tjhSie thiKdook I ioy, ami drive on." I Here were the Aleil>it)de8),the''£2ibq Jfar's I «( the city, liandsoinc Miutierfliesyjvliike plilcd wings were not yet, singed \nlli Mjj msc fortune. My. quondauNfrlri)id;--;Nrisfe' I'aiu, with that offhand 'Wgemasmiiy which is born of impudence, soon""uigra- tiatod himself with everybody present. In lie space of a few hours he had discussed tlie latest modes of naval architecture with Captain Jack, debated Pa ley with Canon llarker, entered warmly on the side of the ladies unent the newest styles of Parisian bonnets, und explained to the squatters a wrinkle in the art of sheep breeding. Amongst the loungers in the drawing- room who took little or no part in. tlie pro ceedings going on ubout him, 1 noted Frank Barton's friend Jose Evershum. A tall, shapely fellow, as handsome as a gipsy. The dark face lunl nothing of the low, ruf- liaiil.v, hung dog look one sees in tlie coun- j tennuces of Telford's gipsy 'pic- i' tures. Here there was nothing !o mar the clear . beauty of in tellect, save, perhaps, tlie sigus of a will ih- crorahtc. Buiwer has said that the mouth is the most expressive feature in the human late. Jose Eversliam was the exception to that rule. No one looking at his eyes could deny that they were the chief features in his rase. Irarge, bright and mightily loaded nilli the power of attraction, you felt irre sistibly drawn towards the man. Watching him us lie lounged in cosy indolence, smok ing, 1 could not omit detecting that he was as a loadstone, magnetising everyone ' on whom his glances chanced to rest. Some of the foremost thinkers of the age have -ac knowledged that mysterious power which we call "brain reading," but the possession ol futilities which might be classed under the name of "magnetic vampire" arc truly move surprising than our mere eluirvoy. ante. Jose Evcrsluun was in high spirits at lun cheon. Tlie ladies who were to take part in the comedy prepared for a drive, with l'at ltcily as tiieir jeliu. Eversliam escorted Alice Barton to the carriage, and stood «y admiring my aunt's pretty greys. ."You'll not go far," he said, with d gay laugh. "Remember that us stage manager 1 have sonic authority, and 1 must beg that !'ou won't fatigue yourself. You have a wrote part in Miss Ilurdenstle." "llow far are we to drive?" t'ho asked tlie question in her most charm ing milliner,' with that half coquettish air of submission which is so delightful when evinced by a beautiful girl to a young and handsome man. Itvo hours, at the utmost," answered Jose, looking at his watch, "I have to supervise the upholsterer's men, while they l|0t the finishing touches to the stage and crossing rooms. I shall be on the look-out for your return, and if you outstay your oavc of absence, I shall exercise my power onC condemn you to a terrible penance, tou shall only have on hour dor your toilet, nd that without u mirror." Hie ladies laughed, and were driven away "nCer the tall elms. . Hollo. Whence comes that lieart-rend- 'ng sigh, mon ami?" cried the voice of the lournafist, who was standing by my side, atcluiig the departure of the group. Jbigh? Stuff." - . Ves, it was just the stuff .that sighs arc ? 0 f> Plmrlie," he answered, eyeing me Mice, "Who among yon fair bevy lias raised a sigh in the steeled heart of the wandering pilgrim? Say, mio?" "Bray, talk sense." ' "Very vtell," lie answered. "It's accord ing to tlie hinrtor of a man whether one's kind offices are received with due gratitude, or gruffly overridden. Pray come with me to n quiet nook, and if you won't make me your father confessor, why you shall hear now Tony Bumpkin can spout his part. Al lows!" Such a play as She Stoops to Conquer is just the tiling for a drawingroom. There is ho declamation, there arc no heroics. Xo- tiling is wanted but coqucttisli grace in the centre picture, Miss Ilardcastle; dash and humor m Tony Lumpkin. And who could imagine anything more delightful than Alice Barton in the role of the heroine? Such be witching banter and charming Womanly dignity to the rude, boisterous fellow who mistakes her father's domicile for n public hostelry. Then that simple costume of a century ago— that most perfect of all fash ions ever, invented to render loveliness irre sistible; n dress in which plebeian beauty loses its alloy of vulgar clay, the bewildering attire which imparts to the snub nose of Polly Perkins a classis profile. What then of Alice Barton, in blue brocade and old point, high heeled shoes with glittering bucKies and embroidered stockings. If Jose Eversliam had selected this play because AHes Barton filled the picture to perfection, then lie had good reason to be proud of his choice. And this man, with his (lark hand some face, shared the honors with lier in the night's triumph. Tony, with his pert answers and ready wit, might make the audience roar with merriment, but tlie ap plause was always long and loud when Frank Burton's sister and Jose Eversliam appeared together. The play came to an end at last. It had seemed very long to me. Then congratula tions, and an adjournment to the dining- room for a stand np supper. The close of the evening was very bril liant. Tlie band, after having supped luxur iously, withdrew to the conservatory, open ing out of the drawingroom, and there dis: coursed D Albert's, waltzes and polkas to perfection. Foremost amongst the dancers were Alice in her comedy costume, and Jose Kvensham in his violet velvet coat and diamond hilted rapier. Even here it appeared to me as if the play was still continued between them— he the scapegrace adorer, she yet stooping to conquer. As I stood watching them, Nestor 1'cnn plucked me by the sleeve. "Birrcll, when all this, humbug has sub sided, come to my room; f huve something to say to you.". '.. . I found the li.ttlc journalist,' still donned in the costume pf Tony Lumpkin, sitting astride a chair,' with his face to the back of it. „ . "How did. you like the fun, Chnrlie?" lie asked, with - animation/ eyeing ' me keenly the while. "All, me what a yust farce is this thing we call society. Here we set up a wooden stage, 15 by 20, to immic ami satirise the crowd, who applaud 'to the echo .tiieir own silly foolery. Sit' down,' mon clter." . .".Thank yqu, I feel tired, anil .will turn ill/.'.' ' .j'Tired?" lie echoed. :f "With what, pray? To iny knowledge you haven't moved a foot, cither In dauce or 'courtesy, during' the whole .niglit, nlheit, oiie':;of .the -Blackely girls tried : to Brew yoit viftertthe inanner- of a badger." . . ; ' "I'm not in love with all this humbug, therefore I can't, play, tlie affable. Pray, what have you got to say to me?"' _ My words were ,iu. keeping with the gruff1 tone in which they were uttered, but That ; did not move Nestor Bonn in the least, nor;: alter his sarcastic baiitcring'. '!,,. ' ;. / "Charlie. there; aye one ; or two; tilings: which 'come to a man -in his life, and play: the devil with him, '( he said, after a pause. \- "What things?" ' V.- ' "Envy, for instance, or, hatred." - , . "Pooh. -The 'peo'.lic'aw'.eompitiye strangers to me. -I tun not interested iu any of them. - Try-anothcr shot??...; .... He placed .liis eane- to .his,. shoulder,, after the manner of a gun, and replied., "Hero it is, then. Look out, . bang.. Sir Birreil,- you're in love.". .' "1?" I.. ' -| "You." . .. w ' "Thanks; .that is news.' "Don't," he responded, -.with, cool ellion-, tory. "As certain- as 1 sit here, Cupid, has lodgcd his arrow in your.manly bosom." i "Rubbish." "Beware, Charlie. Now, tell ine, what do you think, of Jose i-.versluiiii ... "I lmve not formed iny ; opinion about him," I responded curtly, und with my. temper rising to boiling heat. . . : "Ah. that convinces me. I ray be seated." "1 prefer standing." "Very well," lie unswered, good humor- edly "Now list, as the ghost in Humlet says! vou arc sickening with tlie genns of that malady called Love. I know the symptoms well, having had the disease on several occasions. Just fancy for a moment that I am your physician, if you please. First symptom— Patient is moody, scowl ing. uncivil, und ready to fight on the shortest notice, with friends or toes; hates everything and everybody who may wear the aspect of pleasantness and goodfellow- shii) Treatment, brief— One lioui eieij day with the object adored, and one do. evening, to bill and coo together. That will be of much benefit to the pat, cut, pro viding the loved one is a consenting party. Therefore, I shall prescribe in your case a in such an act," he went on iu the same cool tone, but I noticed tiiat his face be came more grave, and the sneer left his lip. "Seriously, Birreil, that face of yours is an index to your heart, and the latter an open book. You have not yet learned to nut on a mask," hut you will anon. Com rade, I am no flatterer when I any that I like you. If you ask me why, I can. no more reply than the man who hated Dr. Fell could say why he hated. As a party totally disinterested in tlie lady just men tioned, I have noted your looks, anil have heard your unconscious sighs when she has been near; and, moreover, if there are in dications of animosity to be rend in men's features, faith, Jose Eversliain and your self liave lost no love." I bad no answer for liim m nunc anger, but what he had said was none the less true. My heart acknowledged that, if my tongue was silent. Ilis words had shod u sudden and unexpected light into my inner soul, and there, in all the radiance of her fresh young beauty, stood Alice Barton- I can't remember how I made this known to my companion, but I know lie rose and came towards me, and laid his baud on my arm with a soft, kindly touch, and said; looking into my eyes the while-— "Charlie, shall I be your physician?" "Yes; prescribe what you will " "Good," he said, with his old bantering laugh, "Miss Barton has £50, 000, while you —well, your money, like mine, - is in the 'sinking fund.'" . "Ah, Penn, I wish she hadn't a penny " "The deuce you do. For shame, Charlie- Hold your, tongue, sir. She has u penny, however, and a very pretty penny it is- But, mon clier, there is a condition (attach ed to this money, which I will explain in half a dozen words; Rodger Eversham (Jose's- uncle) and John Barton, the pater of hi belle Alice, came to this colony to gether. when both were mere striplings I have henrd it said more than once that both friends were from a good old English stock. Be that as it mnv, both of them prospered here, until John ltarton, wanting to get rieh in a. hurry, began to speculate in gold mining, and became bankrupt Ever sliam lent liis friend £20,000, which enabled John. Biu-tou to pay hi-s credi tors 20/ in. the pound, and left him a credit balance to make another start in life. In five years he bought Muyvillo Station, and three years after that he re paid Roger Evcrsbam's loan. When Alice was a child in pinafores she went to visit her father's friend, who then owned one of the richest stations on the Lachhin River Jose Eversliam was on a visit to his undo about tilio same .time, when the uncle (who was a confirmed' bachelor) conceived the idea that his nephew should evcntually marry Alice. The boy and girl exhibited tokens of great mutual liking: the friends on both sides were willing, as liarkis would say, and so the bond was made. For nearly ten years Jose Eversliam lmd been looked upon as the future husband of Alice Bur ton." "And the lady is to have lifly thousand pounds the day alio ..marries linn?" , "So it is written in the last will and testa ment of Roger Eversliam, Esq., J.B." . "Hiinipli. lt may. not be n mutch after all."-; \- "True,, hut: in .tlmticase the mouev goes tb .the: Sydney University.? ; "You seem iwell i posted m the affairs, of these Eversluims,?- 1 said, looking: at him: in ' surprise. ' ' "You forget Jose : Eversliam and myself were school fellows,"- he replied. "Very true. Pray, lias Mr. Eversliam money of his own??. : , "Not much— about :£200 u year." "Then the. uncle died and left him com paratively nothing?" : "The uncle is . not dead.? . ; ('Indeed! .'How, then, comes it. that — — " lie interrupted mc-quickly: '"My dear Birreil, pray do not question nic further," lie- cried, iii a serious tone, i. have said more -'.to. you- concerning this matter than perhaps I should lmve done; but, in the circumstances, it will lie only fair and honorable to let it rest between us. for ever. ' Concerning yourself, Met me repeat my offer of friendship. It rimy; seem presumptuous in ine to say what- I':Tiaye with'- reference to Miss Barton;- hut liefieye me- mio, it was "entirely for your benefit.' A trickling brook may be easily turned iii Us course; a foaming torrent, never." :: I wrung liis' proffered lmud with a hearty grip. He had showed me another shade. of his many-sided character; hut- to me this was tlie best of all, inasmuch us it was free from the modern cynicism which smiles so sweetly, and murders while it smiles. In five minutes he liad rcgaiued his light, eliatty manner. "I told you," lie continued, "that I had something to say to you. Briefly, then, here it is: Tlie Liberal Cabinet, who form the collective wisdom of the colony, have offered £5000 towards the founding of a hospital if ft like amount is subscribed by the public. Now, according to the latest statistics, if one man out of every fifty gave but a penny out of. liis moiety, the money could be had. Strange to say, however, affaire here at the Antipodes seem alto gether topsy-turvy. For instance, people in England say that we have our heads where their feet are, and that the leaves oh our trees grow edgeways to the sun. They also have a miyxira that charity begins any where and everywhere amongst us, in every sense of the term. Therefore, if the build ing of this hospital were left entirely with the charitable public, faitli the houseless might go a-begging until the last trump." "What are you going to do? Get up a bazaar, or an 'ohle Englishe fayre,' or give a course of- lectures on behalf of the ob ject?" "Neither one nor the other, my friend. Bazaars are a humbug, and for the othere, tliey are played out long ago. I have thought out a new way to 'raise the wind,' and- with your assistance ! promise you I will present the building committee with a donation of live hundred pounds." "Are you serious, Penn?" : "Serious. You shall sec, you. sceptic. This is ail outline of my plan: lurst. f have ob tained six weeks' leave of absence." '.Tin glad of that." . . '.'Do be quiet, Charlie. Next, - that trunk there in. the. corner -contains: two .Oriental costumes, with Turbans complete. '-.a pair of wigs, tivo large volumes- of Cipher, a small ivorwwand, nnd a bottle of liquid for stain ing.' the skm.". . J, sec, you arc going to make -a fool ot joiuself ' r Mhank von/That is ontof the -question, mon cher. -I. am only going to visit' every town in this 'colony, under the iioni -de pTume of.-'Ahz Hassan/ the: Great '-Desert Wanderer, and Reader of -the Past, "Pre sent and. the Future." "Bravo. And what. -part v.'- tins- cam paign -awaits-' your; humble-servant." v.; "A ou shall be my Nubian : slave, Char lie " "W lnt' A hi ictfelloi v" "Certainly. - Your task will lie au easy- one, inasmuch as you will- be supposed , -to he dumb. ' n.- "I m dumb already with nstoiiisninent.?. "No donbt, but your surprise is oulv- pre matura yet. Get to lied nnih sleep. . To morrow come to me, "and tell. inc.- that. you have resolved 'to pluck Cupul's -arrow troia vour bosom, and east it -buck at him agaiu; Then, mv slave ami pupil, I will initiate thee into the mysteries or the stars. -\ ale;"- I wandered out into the garden, mid passed the wicket to the grounds- beyond, bleep. I could 110 more sleep than fly at that moment. The earlv morn was eool and beautiful. ' The blue canopy o'er - head, blended' with gigantic shafts of azure,- and gqld and 'purple; from the rising sun, pre sented a glorious picture, but such a pic ture as no mortal artist could place upon Canvas. What band could trace yonder hill top, carpeted with green and brown, and glittering shades, of light, which seemed to melt anil fade into something new and strange even while vou gazed. Nay, the very senses were deluded -with its changing loveliness. The rivet- -below, a-iast.inirrol framed in emeralds, and set midst fantastic rocks, round which Australian elves eircled bv moonlight. Carpets from The looms of Persia were never, so vol vet -soft - as the ringed grasses on -The slopes. All . nature calm/ serene, boautilul. While f, disjoint ed, unquiet, restless. Oil the udgt I sat down' to commune with myself, to talk aloud to that inner nmn and reason with hmi, . is 1 had done often tiiucs in the past. While -iny meditative senses wei e thus occupied;" X -was- disturbed - by the "hoarse bark of m. dog.? Before f had tunc to rise from my seat Sailor, the Newfoundland, thrust his huge nose in my face. . A rose hastily with the idea of escape, for I kiicw that the object ot -my sclf- eoininune could not lie fin iw u\ it was too late, however- -There - she w as, : not. 10, p.iit.n din tunt 1 could lmve 'fallen-: down; before- her and done her -homage,- as .she stood hetoie Hie.' It- might have; been, the rich. tints-,ot sunlight winch' suffused both rocks and, trees that made her fate beam out -with ft rosy blush when her eyes met miiic.: Ter-I hjips/fliewOHfou of climbing the hill may, luivif lnr>ilgbtyj)i coloring to her radiant fiufe;- ,'lt wasCXjitfre, anil my hungry soul yejiitirid To-jiite»:pret'.,it. Hitherto bold and eiiifidentilViql I lieen\ivith all men. if. my personal a'npeurnnV'e ;vkis not in strict keep-; in&wilh; Gibson's iimOd statue of Adonis, if I I a d\i m pud e l'i't'ri. u i u Hi me show of intellect to ba'qk it\ (ffie M&Ub; und difficult art of tulkiiif&briptfo-midsSt; I bad acquired after much tro"hMci now Ill-ought tlieles-. son to my uuTTrfre with Alice liitrlon.. AYe sat down with the dog between us, rind talked of what lay like a map before our eyes— a charming landscape of -vale arid wood arid rivulet, and "OurTutlier's glory" overall. -' ; ' "Yon have not said w'hat'-you' blioiiglit-' of the perforriuince,"" shu - snid; ' presently. 1 "You are : very -ungallniit;' - 1 had , expected iinlinutedTiraise from you, 'nt' least.? ; a'-ii ; !"T)id yoii, sincei'ely? v '' : " - : i ' 'Certainly not' with' reference to' iiiy "own poor effoi-tsi; but- jb(ir''friendr:Arr/;Penii; surely deseives a ivord of ''pruise.'' ';;' 'r, ' ; : "Verily, lady, I Tinr not; capable ' 'tis ' a theatrical critic; yet it ttW iidimtted geu rally' that tlie 'entertaiumeiit xviis', very cre ditably performed as a whole," ' , ' , , "Thank you. Wliat is your opinion of Mr. Eversham?? "As an actor?" "Yes." "If Mr. Evershum is to he gauged by tlie part he played last night, I must admit that he will do credit to the profession. He performed the part of Miss Ihirdeastle's Iuver and adorer to perfection. His acting wns very natural." "Oh, I see your judgment is somewhat defective anent private theatricals," she answered, with just the faintest tinge of disdain in her eyes and gesture. "But look, yonder comes the gentleman in question, with my brother," she added, at the same time pointing out two figures approaching uji tlie hill. "Then I will vanish," said I, rising. "I am leaving the Bungalow to-day on private business, which will probably detain me for some considerable time." i "Leaving the Bungalow? Are you seri ous?" she asked, looking up at me iu sur-1 prise. , ' "Truly so, Sfiss Barton."- 1 ' "But you will return in time to accom pany us to the Laelilan?" ' "I— I— must humbly crave you to release mo from my promise. Unforeseen circum stances have arisen which will prevent me .accepting your.--, brother's kind invitation, iotherwise- there is''nnthing woiibl give ine greater, pleasure, believe me, Miss Bnr- Tcill.":' ' ! ' ': b ' X am glad to hear vou say so, ' she an swered in a - - subdued : lone; Now I'' 'Will savrgood-iiye, also, "..she. added, jilac-uig her hand. in. nunc.' "IT have been sparse. in inj tluinks to you -for That brave- act b) ; tlie river, 1 am uone.The loss grateful, believe me. ' She ivenl from nic without another word, and the tall elms sooii liid lier. beneath their sombre shadows T lmd no wish to -meet -dose 'Eversliain, and so- took' the opposite direction. toward the broad Nopenii.- T cannot tell lioiv long I-wnndercd by the bniiks.ot the- river. " -The inr- off clninc of some hell reenUed- incite tlictaet that the monniig Imd gniwn into noon, and noon in to evening.- Drawi ng- near The Jlungaloiv I heard liuisic; uiid.prescnflv a rail, rich voice sang onc of Atha s reveries with such ebarimng brio That ! was fain to pause and listen. Alice Barton again. J he fates seemed bent tliut I, at least, should reinciubcr, whether X would or. no. . -Fare thcc-wcll, and. (arc tlicc swcctlv,- Since wc- must tins moment sever, \- r Naiiie-soiuft token lliul will. meetly . i . SJ- mhohse-niv -lovu far. ever. . t . - Gaud '.u( guilt, or <:i;ctlv jes-el; IV Inch, iny dui-ling. slmll it be. - Give me but: oue sincere klsf, love,- - ; / . Ami while on mv Hpa it lioveis ' ' " . Breathe a silent vow by this,, love, . .Ne'cr-.wlille hcaveii -the round- earth covers . To he faithless or disloyal, '. Howsoever else (turn be. . . Take, then,, witlv this kiss that settles . . . (In thy lips, -imperial btoseom; - What-I pledge between the petals . To thy pure -and -Saintly, bosom-"-;- l-'aitlifulness to thee completely/ - . -Aevcr , from mv troth to stra.v, ' l-'are: thee well.: and (are -thee -sweetly; An revoir.: I -must away/ : Ileayy hearted' X sauntered round by way of the stables, nnd found X'ut lleilly. busy saddling several hacks. - : . , , "Plenty of work, Rat?' - - . "i, finx", enptain. Be me sowlut's run oll uiy ould legs X mil, this blessed day," lie re sponded. Trerc s a' couple -of spalpeens conic here a while ago will an ould shay that must have been built in the time o' Noah's Ark, and; licgoiTii nothm' ivould-do mo fine gmtleinen but they must have it m the 'conch house; and thoresthe new buggy ami the plmcton put out an - the sun to get blistered, bekusc o' that aucient Plmraoh's chariot. AY hat do -you think o that- now?" .- "Some new arrivals, probably." - - . - . "Oeli; the devil a bit, saving yer presence, Captain,? answered the old niaii, peevishly. '-Sliiu'C it belongs to that little gmtleman be the uame of Fin.? ''J'enn, vou -mean, Pat.? "That's- the name.: Bad ccss to ine -iM ran prououuee half o' lt widout wantm' to draw breath: Mr., Penn; comes down,- an? says lie, 'Is the chariot all right;- an' Tlie lint, aud.lhe table; an', the uaptlia lamps."' Aii' thc pair o' piiialidatins bows ;nnd salaams . tq Xiiiii just the sinhe as if he'was a N aliob.? ; V 'T'erhaps hc is a: Nabob; Pat." . V ''f Tie.is. he's iL Very.siuaU 'onc. yer lienor. However, Tie lias a grate rongh , voice ; for a man o' his .inches. He tould me to take his . , two siirvants to -the kitchen; and 'give them ' a feed; ! Affeed-'iiidade. Just tlie same as if- they,: were a Tuiir,d'; ussm; and Tiedad They might heThat sanie fo.Fall 'ye i-aii geL out o'. the .blagoids." . \- 'IWher'e are th'ey now, Piit?? ' ; ; ?The sarvuuts is'.it, Captuin?"?; ; ; . /fipvcrTliere beyant ; iii 'the kitcdien, 'siUiiig staring .oiit,, o'- .Uie windy 1 ike a brace o' eiilves. gapiugVover-a fence." ' : ? left-Pat growliiig. and wended iny way to ihy. oivu roohq -wliere l diseovered ' uiy .friend/. the; joiirimlist, pacing to rind, frii' ini- patieiitlycwuitiug.for mo. ; . . ' . /,VTruuiit; where liuye ..you been?? lie cried. . , . «'Oufc for a walk; pray don't' scold. I'll be ready for the road iu half ah hour." ."Thank you. Consideruig the magnitude of your wardrobe, Jive minutes ought to suf fice. Dear boy, you are not looking well," he added, in a kinder tone, and looking at me wistfully. "Suy the word and we will put off our journey until the next day." "No; we will go at onee, if you jilcase; I am anxious to be gone, l'ray, is yonder vehicle iu the coach house yours?" "What," he cried, throwing himself into a stage attitude, "you have hail a peep at the king of traps? Ah, Charlie, if that convey ance could sjieak, what a history it could relate. It once belonged to an Eastern Prince, who sold it to a circus manager in India for a piebald pony. Then it went the tour of Europe as the carriage of Timbuetoo, and at Venice was taken from its springs and became a gondola for a season. An en terprising Australian in the" theatrical line brought it to this colony, but he became in solvent, and the poor despised chariot lay in the back premises of a horse bazaar until Nestor I'enn bought it for the sum of tlirce- fifteen-six." "A rare bargain, truly. Tell me, who are those two fellows? Your charioteers?" "You mean Joel and Tusk, my scouts,", he answered, laughing grimly. '"They arc part of my plan to scrape £500 together. I hired those two men in Sydney for the modest sum of £5 and' their keep. They arc the detectives of Afiz Hassan, and betimes bis slaves during the term of 30 days; board and washing included.. Quick! li e shall depart in.au hour." '"I wish you would explain all the humbug to me, my dear I'enn, while I am pack ing-" "Humbug!" he responded, with another pose. "My dear friend, you have struck the keynote of my plan. Humbug is a mighty lady, before whose shrine millions kneel, a mighty fetish who rules over arts, sciences, crafts and callings; Bhe gives tens of thou sands their daily bread, yet no one publicly offers her thanks. To-day she will display herself in the mart, to-morrow under the lawn sleeves of a parson. Her offerings are carried beneath a wrapper, as if people were ashamed of her. They call her Honesty, and Honor, and suchlike names, but we, mon cher, we know her for Humbug. For one month I will kneel to thee, oh, most delight ful Humbug, and fill my purse." X went out to bid my kind aunt good-bye. : - Ere I left her room there were tears— grate ful-tears— in mine eyes at her generosity; but it was dusk now, and no one could see them. "Remember, dear hoy, this is always "your home," she said, with quivering voice. "If you have determined to begin and work for position and name, you will want capi tal to help you. Ho not forgot what I have said, my bankers will always honor your cheque, and now, good-bye." It seemed strange, very strange to ine, seated beside Nestor I'enn, in that quaint chariot, and rattling along the darkened road, with Joel and Tusk behind, chatting ' in low, muttered tones. I knew not whither we were wending, nor cared not, so that I might get farther and farther from Alice Barton and Jose Evcrsliain. (To b# continued.) 