THE IfiW EU.01H tH AT.S PAB UAMENT. SYDNEY, February 22. In the Assembly to-day Mr. Hughes compared tiie arguments of Mr Reid now and these some months back. He said Mr Reid would have been a great statesman if he had !>een born dumD, but the ghosts of dead speeches were continually rising to challenge him. He intended to vote to send the Bill before the people, but would move an amendment that the vote in favor of the Bill would not be binding unless Queensland joined the' Federation. If Queensland did not Join it would be impossible for black labor to be ex cluded. Mr Havnes as a Democrat must vote for sending the Bill to the people, but he would take care that the people were informed of the dangers and dif ficulties likely to arise from passing, a measure curtailing the power of the people to govern themselves.- Be as serted those who spoke most valiantly about Federation were most bitterly opposed to all reforms. \- Mr J.C.Neild compared Mr Beid at the Conference to a man who went to Jericho, and fell among thieves. He styled the Premier a dynamitard of Free trade. The debate was generally of a de sultory character. Mr Beid was a gon l deal criticised as regards his shif.y policy. Mr Lyne asked Mr. Storey to withdraw his amendment, and Mr Storey refused, but allowed the amendment to be negatived on the voices. The Address-in-Reply was then carried. SYDNEY, February 23. 1c the Assembly to-day, Mr Haynes urged the Government to take extreme steps to relieve the erintjng distress, which was almost beyond belief, in the draught et licken districts. The Prem ier said the Government would mot hesitate to give speedy relief in all cases where distress tbrougi want of water "was made known. „ The Enabling Bill was laid on the table of the Assembly to-day. It con tains the Commonwealth Bill, with the clauses objected to struck oat as .proposed, and amendments Introduced in the measures provide that voting throughout New Sooth Wales will be taken as one electorate. District holders, of electoral rights are entitled to vote at any polling place, the major ity of -votes deciding the question. No further action will be taken if the con stitution is rejected. If two colonies in addition to New South Wales accept the Bill both' Bouses may adopt ad dresses to the Queen praying that the Constitution be passed Into law by Im perial Parliament- upon the receipt of similar addresses from the Parliaments of thoec two colonies. Mr Meagher hoped the Premier would give the House definite assurance that as far ss New South Wales was con cerned, not one penny of the £5000 claimed by the New Guinea Syndicate would lie paid. '. The Premier replied *h«t he had made no promise to pay any sum; the would simply b» considered by the Agents- General in London, and If tile .Syndicate had just riiiin for compensation for minsy act ually out o* pocket, they, no aonbt, would be able'to Sulimlt such ; at pres ent they seemed to be only making demands for large sums* which wou'd not be entertained for one moment. The Enabling Bill was read a first time; the second reading will be taken on Tuesday. 