THfeHAROEN COOBT MURDER I^ Riorirs • RssratvEroi) >>-f CH&PTEK; I. TWELVE OF THE CLOCK AT NIGHT. Bir BURFOED DELANNOY. The diampagne had not a bubble left in it., Tiie RlasB Btood on the table, but tlie life - had departed from the contents thereof, It was the fourth (TIHSK Jenkins had poured bnt for hitu, but the Hon. Hubeit Haddon had not tasted one of them. When Jenkins left the room, to bring in another of the courses his maste[,.was playing with, but did not eat, the champagne hed been poured into the coal rase, and a tiny little pool was 'forming on the scuttle mat, where the wine had filtered through the coals. Hubert wag not drinking. He was anxious for possession of a clear brain and a steady hand. HiB soul was in travail—he had work to do. He had no mention of drowning his sorrow in the flowing bowl. Moreover, a steady liand was essential to him in the work he contemplated—ahead. Internally he was raping, but he had sense enough to know that wine is a Mocker. Jenkins —good servant as he was—in no way commented on the nntasted dinner. He saw his master was out of sorts, and filled up the wineglass whenever he saw it empty—which was each time he brought in a course of dinner. In the circle in which Jenkins had risen from Buttons to be Hubert's own man, champagne was considered a panacea for all the ills that flesh is heir to. Jenkins administered the remedy—or thought he did. He was surprised at the failure of it. All day his master has been distrait— Jenkins had not failed to notice it—ever since the delivery of the morning mail. Hubert usually opened his first po>-:t letters in bed, and he had not departed from his custom this morning. But for once the eflect had been singular. Fi oin that time the change had come about. Jenkins had never known light- hearted, flippant Hubert so silent at a dressing before. The breakfast was taken away untested. He sat in hiB arm-chair by the fireside for hours, not even smoking. Towards the afternoon he had gone out to purchase something, and returned to resume his seat by the fireside and think —think deeply. An unuGual thing with him, to the Hon. Hubert Haddon WHS known as a chappie." " Chappiee " bear the reputation of never thinking. On this occasion Hubert proved the exception to the rnle. The dinner finished, the seat by the fireside was resumed. Hubert's mental vision embraced but three things. His mind was in such a condition that it contemplated nothing but the mantel clock, the letter in hie vest pocket, and the other thing in hie coat. And even BO he sat watching—watching till both bands should approach the topmost figure on the clock's face—till it should be midnight. For he had business to transact with a man he knew, and lie Knew where to find his man after that hour. In hiB own room Jenkins sat—thinking, too. Thinking whether his matter's marriage would make much difference to him in his situation—for the Hon. Hubert Haddon was to be married on the morrow. Jenkins had had but litt le experience with prospective bridegrooms, but he thought his master's behaviour on the eve of his nuptials singular, to say toe least of it. Not that Jenkins approved tlie marriage any more than did the Haddon family. He knew cf other similar marriages—and the result of them.The usual Stage and the Peerage does not usually make a choice blend. Its nnion is not of strength, and is usually severed, sooner or later, in the Divorce Court. Whilst Jenkins was thinking, the bell rang. The Hon. Hubert Haddon was living in a flat, therefore it did not take Jenkins long to answer the summons. When he did so, it was to find that his master had taken ofl his coat and was yawniug in front of the fire. " I'll go to bed, Jenkins." The man rendered the usual assistance. A good-night was exchanged, and Jenkins retired to his own room. As his footsteps died away his master leapt out of bed, and pressed the electric light button. Then he silently commenced to dress—with his eye ever on the clock. A top coat and soft felt hat. added to the clothing lie had been wearing, completed his outfit. When he had buttoned the outer garment across his chest then-was a bulge over the regiun of hip heart. He had something bulky in his breastpocket. He lifted the lappels of hie eoat and felt in his vest, there was something there, too—a letter. A glance at the clock, a pressure on the button,and the room was once more in darkness. The door wae quietly opened, and he etood in itsframe—listening. Not a sound disturbed the fiat. All was quiet. He closed the door behind him, and went silently down the etairs. Opening the hall door, he fitted his latch-key in the lock on the outside drew the door to after Mm, and let loose the catch. He. drew a breath of relief at the success of his noiseless exit, and ran down the steps to commence his journey. . Ae he did so a neighbouring church clock chronicled the ending of another day. The hour he'liad waited for had arrived. It was midnight. CHAPTER THE LOADED PISTOL. Two minutes' walk and Hubert Mad reached the main road. He hailed a hansom, and was driven to Ludgate Hill Station. Trains leave there after midnight, but he did not travel by one. He entered the station by one door and left It by another. He had no wish for hiB journey to be traced—his present proceedings would foul any scent. Crossing New Bridge-street lie walked ou and turned down the Embankment and still walked till he reached the railings of the Temple Gardens. Here he paused. There was no moon and in the darkness there did not appear to be a soul in tight. ' It a somewhat difficult but not im • (MjsKihie task to climb those railings. In ) j II. j a few minutes lie tvas on the othei /=uti>, pantiiiga little from the exertion, but still there. His old University athletic training stood him in good Stead. And he had to climb thuiu again—to break ont of the garden in faet—into the Temple. For the man he was wanting to see had roomB in garden Court. He might have rung up the nightporter at the lodge and gained admittance that way, but be had a reason for effecting An unperceived entrance—the same reason which had prompted him to destroy his trail atLudgate Hill station. The Temple is singularly quiet in tl>e small hours. As Hubert strode across the Hardens, he saw his beacon. There was a light in the first floor window of a house in Garden Court. The chambers of t!li fiord Grey. Barrister-at-law was the profession followed by Mr. Grey. And followed in somewhat eccentric fashion. When others were in the land of Nod, he worked. Did the work he should have done in the evening. He said he found it quieter and more pleasant then. Those who knew him gaveotlier reasons. Those which concerned women and winu and cards. ; But Mr. Grey was not a foil. He knew that the reputation he was gaining for smartTiess in the law courts, would soon decay if he neglected his business too much. So his inflexible rule was to break oft at midnight and retire to his Chambers. £jiat was how he had the nickname " Cinderella " applied to him —colloquially " Cinders." He always fled at the approach of midnight. Cinders was somewhat surprised to hear a rapping at his outer door. .Surprised—not alarmed. Someone had come after him perhaps from the Club— something he had left behind possibly. Everyone knew he could be found in chambers in tlic small hoars, it was a standing joke. So he got up from the work he was engaged on—the perusal of a brief—and opened his outer door. A man stood on the threshold. " Hullo, Hubert ! What the Dickens bringB you here at this ungodly hour ? I thought you went in for beauty sleep and all that sort of thing ! Come in old chas." The Hon. Hubert entered, and the outer door was closed. '• Wliat's the matter ? Yon look as pale as if you had Bern a ghost. Sit I down." ! They sat—facing each other, with the I table between them. Hubert unbuttoned his coat, and put liiF hand to his . breast pocket. And hie hand played '• there." I " What the devil's the matter with you, Hubert ? Why 011 earth are you staring BO ? What have you come here at this hour for F " " To Icill you ! " I lender ordinary i-iroum6tanoes,Cin'ters would have looked on this WT- A joke. AJS it was, he half laughed. But there was a quiet determination about the voice uttering those three words, which stilled , the laugh and made his face grow a I shade paler. ' The two men sat facing edcli other I silently for nearly a minute. Then j .Hubert said : - "You guess what for—Nellie Esmond." .lust a slight, start, just- a shade more • pallor in the face, otherwise Cinders sat . af quietly as before. But he thought lie . grasped the .situation now. That fool Nellie had opened her mouth. HP foresaw trouble before the interview was I I over. ! He remembered that in a desk at the ! back of him he had a revolver, and a , small box of cartridges. If lie could get ' the weapon the night of it might make bis visitor mure amenable to reason, hooking down the barrel of a revolver has had that, eflect 011 most men. He did nut Hee the slightest need of its actual use, but it would give him more weight in the argument which he felt must ensue, and might be an important factor in turning the end of the discussion in his favour. So he rose to his feet to reach for it. i " Sit down." And he promptly sat. The promptness i mainly induced by the sight of a pistol which Haddon had drawn from his breast pocket, the month of which he could plainly see. FO level was the pointing of it. " if ynu move I press the trigger.That, might do harm to others HF well as to yourself. 1 mean that you may not be prepared to die,"' " You mean you will give me time to say my prayers ! How very good or ynu." Cinders said this in a sneering tone. Even yet- he had not realised the gravity of t he situation. That, there was to be trouble he foresaw, but shooting—murder in faet—was it likely that ilubeit would run his neck into a noose ? And over a woman, too ? Hidioulous I But unfortunately Cinders was measuring his visitor by his own standard. Jie lost sight of the fact, that there comes to some men times in their lives, when life does not seem so very worth the living after all. CHAPTER III. ASHES TO ASHES. " You know 1 did not mean that," said Hubert quietly. " I mean that you might C4JC to make some disposition of yonr property, for those you leave behind you." " You seriously mean that, in cold blood, you will be coward enough to shoot an unharmed man." " That, is your way of putting it. 1 put it on a higher level. You have robbed my life of its greatest charm. You have ruined the woman J loved - who but for you would this very day have been made iny wife. I see no cow"- ardice in punishing you, in shooting you down like the dog you are. it is but an act of justice. - ' The true condition of things was dawingon Cinders at last. He recognised his opponent's determination, lie had a wrong and the righting of it was the object of his visit. He did not for a moment suppose there was anything serious in the threat to kill. Hubert had loved this girl Nellie, and having discovered that Cinders had—well, behaved badly to her—had come in the heat, of his temper to insist ou Cinders making an honest woman of her. He had seen such incidents on the stage. He recalled an almost identical situation in a novel he had been reading. And this omply- lieaded noodle had thought to jome there to him—a clear-headed, livo-by-his- wits, brain-worker—to play oil EUuh a titale old wheeze. Faugh ! It was not, complimentary to him. Sneeringly he said : " What's your little game—Quixotic kniglit errantry? Righting the wronged? Squire of Dames business ? Think to make me Luarry the girl and live happy ever after kind of thing f " " You marry Nellie Esmond? God forbid 1 " Sot to make liirn marry her! Tliat was not the object of the visit then. What could it be f For the first time Cinders felt a trace of fear. Had be a madman—an armed madman—sitting in front of him P " Well if that is not your ourpose in knocking me up after midnight, perhaps you will be good enough to tell me what your object really is." " To rid the world of a blackguard." " That sounds stagey, dear boy. apart from its insult, which we wilj speak of later on. I don't want to discuss blackguardism with you. Probably we should not agree on the subject. I don't hoist thehieli morn) stnnrinrri, nor do I sail ljeiicwth the Kkull and (titwfIwiiipk. I live I)ly life-enjoy it according to my lights. A woman is a woman. They are ilmeh of a muehiiewi. That, it was inv luck tofallamiissii little actress yon hud reserved f.ir yourself—well, all's fair you know, in love and war." " Your clock wants live minutes to the hour. 1 give you that five minutes. You can till it by making a will or writing a good-bye letter toauy relative or friend." " Wiiat do you mean ? " " That wlieii the minute hand reaches the hour, I press the trigger of this pistol.'' " You mean it ? " " 1 mean it." " You must be mad ! " " Perhaps." " You .seriously mean to slioot—to murder me- ill cold blood." " I mean it—so help nie God ! " Cinders realised the whole situation now. His body became damp with perspiration. But never for a second did lie lose his presence of mind. 1 Are. you aware what this means l" That the shot will be heard; that you will be arrested, tried—condemned— hanged for murder ? " " I think not. Probably there is not a human being within ear-shot. That, however, is my business. You should think of your own. A minute has passed. You have but four left to live." " Assume that the shot would not be heard—do you think ycu could escape? It is known 1 did not enter the Temple till midnight. Do you think the lodgekeeper who admitted you later will not recognise you ? " " 11 would he difficult for him to duso. 1 came over the garden rails. 1 propose leaving the same way. Let ine remind you that two and a half minutes have passed.'' " And you baveabsolutely determined to kill me ? " " Absolutely." " Have yon any objection to my drinking a brandy and soda ? " " None. You have exactly two niinutei- ill which to drink it." " Thanks." At bottle of brandy and a syphon stood 011 the table. Cinders stalled to mix liis drink. Whatever Haw existed in his moral character, he was not a , coward, lie poured out. half a tumbler of the spirit, and reached out for the syphon which stood at the end of the table. Rising to <lo this, he said : " I cannot ofler you a drink, I suppose Y " Hubert returned no answer to the question. No sound broke the silence of tlie next, few seconds but the ticking of the mantel clock, and the noise made as the soda wilier tm.ed into the glass. And then the last words of that interview werc spoken by Cinders. " Here's to our next meeting." The next instant he had dashed the contents of the glass into the face of the man sitting opposite, grasped with fingers of iron bis opponent's wrist, pushed the table 011 him,and the candles in falling ha ving gone out, a life and death struggle, in which the two men and the table and chairs were involved, took place in the darkness. Not a word was spoken. Breaths came short and quick hut Cinders had the advantage. He was lighting for his life and the knowledge of tliat fact gave him strength. Gradually lie turned the wrist, he held away from him. Then e.nne the report of a pistol echoing and re-echoing through the building. Then—silence. And when presently the moon stole from behind a eloud and lighted UD the room, it showed the figure of a dead man lying on the floor, Fhot. through the heart, and another figure with a white face, crouching by the door, listening. And the Temple cioc.k. first chiming the quarters, struck the, hour of one. CHAPTER IV. A WOMAN'S CONFESSION". The would-be avenger of a woman's wrongs was dead. Was lying on the floor there, in the moonlight,, a corpse. It was some minutes before Cinders Fatistied himself of this. Minutes he passed in listening almost, breathlessly, l.isteiiing for the footsteps he drcaded.of someone aroused by the shot, walking into the Court to discover the cause of it. Hut the footsteps came not., and presently heaving a deep sigh of relief, the living mau struck a match and lighting one. of the candles, cast its light on the face of the dead man. No windows overlooked liis own. so he was fearless of onlookers. He knelt beside the body and placed his hand over the region of the heart. Not the faintest, sign or beating. The blood the shirt front was sopping up, indicated where the bullet had entered the body, that it had pierced the heart—that it had been immediately fatal. Mechanically that livid- faced man set tlie furniture in order and lit the of her candle. Then he went through the same ae.tion he had done before—he mixed a drink. This time he swallowed it. It acted as a tonic. It, pulled him together. He sank into the armchair, and faced tile body 011 the floor. And the body faced him, too, the great stBring eyes of the dead mail seemed tixed on him. But Cinders was net. a coward. Moreover, he fell, in no way to blame for what had occurred. Jt had been his life or Hubert's. The man had come to kill him, and in sheer self- defence be bad taken his would-be murderer's life. But he was a lawyer. He was alive to the construction a judge and jury might put 011 the termination of the aflair. He would have a difficulty in satisfying a court of the truthfulness of the real story, ft was not a plausible one - he knew that. lie pictured himself as Counsel for (lie Crown in such a case— and felt nervous as to his own safety. He had been devilling for the Treasury Counsel lately, and looked at the matter from the prosecutor's standpoint,. Juries, too, were apt, to look at tilings with cold eyes. There, were 110 witnesses. Two men were ifi a room, one lived and the other was shot dead. What would a court of justice think of the living man's story P ,He. guessed And in that moment he determined that the story should never be told. Hubert had entered the Temple nnpercuived.By soine means he must leave, it so. How, became the question he must think out during the dark hours : how to dispose of the body. Within sight flowed tlie Thames. Could he but get the body to the Embankment, to drop it into the river would be the work of a moment, but the railings were between. That silent, swift-flowing water was impossible. Many a murderous secret, lie knew, lay hidden in its bosom. But lie could not confide hiB to it. Preliminarily he must remove everything from the body likely to lead to jts identification. So once more he knelt beside the dead man. and this time carefully emptied his pockets. In the vest he found two letters. One waB partly directed and stamped for the post, the other had been opened and was directed to the Hon. Hubert Haddon. He recognised the hand of the writer in a moment —Nellie Esmond. He drew the letter from its envelope, and read the contents. It explained Haddou's midnight visit. It read: God knows how you will read this letter. Hubert—the broken-hearted confession of my worthlessness. Surely no woman in thiB world ever sat down cn the eve of the day fixed for her marriage to write such a letter as I am compelled to write you. I - have for days past wondered whether I should du so, whether 1 should tell you at all, or whether I should summon up courage and throw ii"-self bveroneofthe bridges and ere I .1 all that way. But I am a coward, Hubert—a coward at heart, and when two nights running 1 have leaned over the bridge and seen the lights reflected in the water liurryincalong beneath, 1 have failed, "miserably faih;d, in carrying out. the object of my going there. The last time I sank in cne of the seats, and knelt down and prayed Hubert, praved^to God to give roe strength, to give, me courage to mount, the parapet, and take the one plunge which—But I could not, I shrank from it, shrank from death—wretched, miserable, guilty woman that I am. And as 1 nmstlive, and life with you is impossible, I must needs tell you all. Hubert, I want you to believe mewhen I say that 1 honestly cared for you. They say tliat an actress has no heart. You would be told that I looked to your title and money only. As God is my judge, Hubert, it was not so in your case; 1 loved you for yourself alone, and I was haitpy in that love. And then the serpent came into my life, and you—unconsciously poor, poor old Hubert—you introduced him. Never was dove fascinated by serpent as was 1 by your friend. Call it hypnotism, mesmerism, what, you will, I fell a victim. You remember the houseboat party at Henley, when you introduced me to your ' friend' Clifford Grey P From that time, Hubert,, I have never known a Happy moment. From tliat moment I w-as a traitress to you. What power the man has 1 do not know, caiuio*. say. But it was great enough to ruin nie. I was false to you. Dear Hubert, 1 do not ask, 1 do not expect for a moment that you will forgive me. I do not even wish it. ] have only one wish now— to die and hide my shame in the. grave. To go with you to church with this stain 011 nie is impossible. I have kept up the farce till just on the eve of our marriage, day, but I can do so no longer. Think evilly of nie now, Hubert, you must do so, but, as the years roll on, you may perhaps remember that 1 had sufficient goodness left in my nat urc to confess before it was too late—that I brought no shame into your life, that your family name was never dishonoured by an alliance with a fallen woman, that there was some little good in me after all. And one last, last wish. Hubert, do not, for God's sake, do not attempt to see nie again — it would be too cruel. By the time this reaches you I shall have left Lqndon. I have joined ' The Lulluliety Girl' Company, and shall be away from London for mouths. 1 pray earnestly for two things—that I may never set eyes on you again, my shame is too great to bear it; that the hand of death may soon beckon me to rest. Ill all heartfelt sorrow and regret for the trouble and pain I shall have caused you, lam Your broken-hearted (To be continued.) N El, I.IK, 