ROMANISM AND NATIONAL PRO GRESS : THE VERDICT OP HISTORY. The Cause of th* War. . [OOStLUBKU.] (To the litlilor of the Sinylcton Argus. Your faithful servant,'-? CORNELIUS J. M'AULIFPK. Jauuftry 20, 1890. Silt, —The Eev. Mr Bryant in Iiin sermon on TratiHubstautiation npoaks of ltoiiinn Cntholio errors, unsurip tural dogmas of Homo, etc. I shall briefly give a fow proofs in refutation of tlio rov. gontletuiin's scurrilous Bormon. In the iirst place I shall say a fow words on Transubstanliation. Tlio doctrine of Transubstantialion is 186G years old. it waa preached liy tho Apostles, and received by them from Christ Himself. Before 1 outer upon nuy direct proof, I shall beg leave to draw your attention to one important fact. We are told that Melchisodcch, a I'rioet of tiio Most High, " made an offering of bread and wine ;" aud St. Paul assures us that Christ " was a High Priost for ever according to the order of jfcicJiiscdrch." Now, if tho samo offering or sacrifice be not continued till tho consumma tion of ages, Christ could not bo a Priest for over according to tho order of Molchisedech. Ist proof: In the sixth chapter of St. John our Saviour draws a comparison between tho bread whiclijllo promised to bequeath for tho lifo of tho world and the manna which camo down from heaven to feed tho distressed Israelites. "Tho broad (said Uo) that I will give yo*. is My flesh for tlio lifo of tho world, Your fathers did out mimna in tho desert, and are dead ; if any man shall eat of this bread. Ho shall live for ever." Our lledc?mer hero extols what Ho was about to give at His Last Supper. far beyond tho bread which \vs know descended from heaven. Now, in my mind, tho latter would havo been far superior to tho former if our Saviour had loft us nothing but a hit of bread and a drop of wine. Many of those who were present, and some of them Hia disciples, woro shocked at the ex pression, and thoy asked how was it possible that Ho could givo them His ilesh to cat? 'What was tho conduct then of our Lord, who camo to instruct all unto salvation, aud who could neither deceive nor be deceived ? In stead of representing to them I heir mistake or correcting their error, if it were one, He says, "Anion, Amen, 1 say unto you ; unless you .oat the flesh of tho Son of Man, and .drink Mis blood, you shall not Have life in you." At this, many of His disciples who followed Him through all dangem and persecutions, aud all those who were about Him from Capernaum, went back, and waked no longer with Him. AVould He, tho benign and beuelieent Jesus, who had descended upon earth to lead man from am, and who was about to offer Himself upon tho cross for man's redemption, would Ho suffer -those porsons to depart, believing that Ho spoko of a reality, and not explain to them their error, if indued it were an error? AVould He havo suffered them to fall innocently into error, when lie could have so easily corrected their misapprehension ? 1 ask any reasonable man, had not tho people of 'Capernaum, in who3O vernacular language (the Syriae) our Lord then spoko, a better opportunity of know ing the meaning of tho words of out- Saviour on this occasion, than wo who live at tho distance of ISOG years, whoso habits and language aro con fessedly different? When our Lord declared, " the bread that I will givo is My ilesh, for the lifo of the world," they then understood Jesus to speak of real ilesh aud of real blood ; and accordingly thoy walked uo longer with Him. Ho did not correct their error, if such it were. "What more easy for Him than to siy (if that were His meauing) that Ho did not intend to give them His real ilesh and blood —that Ho only spoko in a figurative sense? But Jesus made no such correction. If it wero not His real body and blood of which Christ then spoke, Ho led those people into error:, but that supposition is manifest blas phemy, llcnco I conclude, that the Jews were right when they understood Him to speak of His real body aud real blood. It may bo eaid that the error of Hia disciples, aud of <ho people of Capernaum, was one which Christ was not obliged to correct. But, as St. Augustine though tho Jews in a gross and carnal manner understood Him to mean that He would give His Ilesh to them like moat taken from a butcher's stall, yet they understood Him to aptak of a reality; and if Kβ did not mean to givo them His flesh really, the error could havo been easily corrected. But Christ was not called upon to tell them how it would bo really given— "that being a secret not to bo com municated till the period of redemp tion was arrived. That, indeed, would bo Jexposiug the mysteries of heaven before tho time. This argument appears to mo to bo insuperable. I will be told, in tho language of Christ, "It is tlio Spirit (.Hal qniokenoth ; tlio llosh profitetli nothing." I will chow greater authority for my interpretation of those words than thoy can who endeavour to explain away tho words of our Saviour. I can produco tho passages in tho Holy Fathers, in which they quolo those identical words in order to show their meaning. We, who admit the Keal Presence, hold that thoso who receive Christ in the Sacrament of the Altar, if lliov do not receive the Sacrament worthily and with tho proper disposi tions, do not receive it with tho Spirit of God —that though they receive tho substauco of tho Sacrament, tho flesh doth not profit them. Hoar what St. Paul says: " Ho that eatetli aud clrinkoth unworthily, oateth and drinketh judgment to hini solf, not discerning the body cf tho Lord." But it is bohind tho aacrcd words of etornal truth, fulfilled aud verified by Christ at tho Last Supper, that I take my stand. Upon them I erect irre fragable proofs. What Christ pro mised in tho Gth chapter of St. John Ho fulfilled at tho Last Supper. When solemnly seated at Ihn board with His chosen twelve, Hβ took bread, blessed it, brolce it, and gave it to them, saying, "Take ye and eaf; this is Mi* iiODi*."—And presenting thorn, with the chalice ho said, " Driulc ye all of this, for this ia My blood of the Jfew Testament which shall bo shed for many for tho romissioii of sins." What Christ then promised in the Gth of John, Ho here fulfilled to tho letter, and muat we not take .Hit words in their natural aud obvious sonso ? Shall we resort to tropoe, and figures, and metaphors, in ordor to explain a way tho word of of tho Lord? If Mr Bryant exorcises his private judgment on the passage, and perti naciously adheres to his interpretation of (ho words, it is impossible we could agreo upon the matter. 1 adhere firmly and steadily to tho doctrine of the Church. Look to tlio primitive ages of Christianity—raxamiiio tho successors of tho apostles, who be lieved and taught what was believed and taught by tlio apostles themselves, and who transmitted tho doetriuoa. to their successors. Thoy are all in support of tho iloctrino of Trail substantiation. 1 shall first quote I ho passage from St. Cyril of Jerusalem, whore, taking as hie text tlio words of tit. Paul, " I received of the Lord, that which 1 also have delivered unto you," speaks thus of tho Jio-il Presence aud of Transubslantiation : " This doctrinoof the Messed Paul may be sufficient (o satisfy you eoneerninif tlio di viuo mysteries which. yon have lveeive.d, that you Havo been made partakers of the body ami blood of Christ; for ho now says, that our Lord Jesus Christ', in tho same night in which Ho was betrayed, took bread, and gave it to His disciples, saving, 'Take, cut; Tins i>l My iioiiv.' And ta'kinj- tlio chalice, and giving thanks, said, ? Take, drink ; this is Mγ nijoou.' Since Christ .Himself, them, did so affirm, and say of tlio broad, ? ThisMj body, , who shall from thoueofovth presume to niako any doubt of it V And sinco ho ailirms and says, ' This is My blood,' who, I say, shall doubt, and saj it iv not His blood ? Ho mice changed wutor into wine (which lias somo likeness to blood) in Cana of Galliloo by His own power; and shall He not be thought worthy of belief in changing wine into blood? Being invited to an earthly marriage Ho wrought this stupendous miracle, aud shall wo not much rather confess that Ho gavo His own body and blood to tho children of the bridegroom ? Therefore, with full assurance let us reeeivo the body and tho blood of Christ Vov under tho typo (or appearance) of bread tho body is givon unto thoc, find under tlio typo of wino tho blood; that receiving the body aud blood of Christ, thou uiayest be co-partner with Him of His body and blood; so shall wo be Christophori, carriers of Christ, when wo receive His body and blood into our mem bers ; and by this means (as St. Peter saitli) be made partakers of tho Divine liiituro. Do net consider them as naked bread aud naked wino, for it is tho body and blood of Christ, according to the words of our Lord Himself, Foi- though your senses should sug-gest this to you, yet let faith confirm you.—Jiulga not of tho thing by tho taste, but rather be moro certainly assured by faith, so as to leave no room for a doubt but that the body mid blood are given to thee. This knowing, and of this being assured, that what appears to you broad is not bread, but the bedy of Christ, although tho taste judges it to be bread ; and that tho wino which you see, nud which has the tasto of wine, is not. wine, but tho blood of Christ.—' Taste, and see How sweet the Lord is. . Think you, now, that you aro required to discern this by tho sense of taste V No, by no means, but by the testimony of faith, which is curtain, aud leaves no doubt.—For when you take them, you aro not commanded to tako broad and wine, but, under tho appearance of these, to take tho body aud blood of Christ." I could give several quotations from St. Chrysostom, St. Augustine, and St. Hilary, in support of the same doc trine. But I have said quite enough to convince the liev. Mr Bryant of his " errors," that the "dogmas " of Home aro perfectly Scriptural, and that his conclusions aro not at nil logical. I think it would be a good thing to give the Rev. Mr Bryant a few more proofs of tho infallibility of the Church of Kouid, as they may be of a little assistance to him in his heroic efforts to secure"tho £20 for tho Hospital. In St. Matthew, xsviii, 18, 19, 20, wo read, " As tho Father has Bout mc, I also send you," says the Lord address ing His Apostles. Again—" All power is given to Mc in heaven and in earth ; go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them In tho name of tho Father and of tho Son and of tho Holy Ghost. Teaching them to ob servo all tilings whatsoever I have com manded you: and lo ! I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world." Christ hero declares that same tho power given to Him by the Father Ho communicates to His Apostles without,limitation, moral, or personal. It is a maxim in Ethics, ?bi lex lion distinrjiiit, nee nos dis tingitcre Jehemus. The Father con ferred upon Christ infallibility, and here lie directly communicates all His power to the Apostles. Perhaps it will bo said that it rested there, and was to coaso with tho lives of the AposMcs. Chriet declares tho con trary, for He adds, " Ld! I am with you all days, even to tho consumma tion of the world." ' Wero the Apostles to livo for ever, or rather was not this power to bo communicated to their representatives on earth, in whose porsous thoy would morally live for ever ? St. Paul, writing to Timothy, nays, "Tho Church of the living God is tho pillar and ground of truth." Again, our Saviour says, " He that heareth you, heareth Mβ; find he that despisclh you, dcupisetli Mc ; and ho that despiseth Mo, despiselh Him that sent Mo" (Lnko x., IG.) Also, St. John iv., G : " Ho that ltnoweth God hearoth üb, he that is not of God heareth us not; by this wo know the Spirit of truth and tho Scripturo of error." Therefore, thoso who dtd not hear tho Apostles preaching and in structing were branded with the tpark of tho Spirit of error. Iv Mark 3vi., 15, IG, wo read, " He said unto them, go yointo the whole world, and preach tho Gospel to overy creature. He that believeth and is baptised, shall be saved ; but he tht belioveth not, shall be condemned." Is there, I would aslc, anything like a commaudmout here to give the Scriptures to every mau, woman, nud child, and let them interpret them as they might please ? No. But if "he will uot hear tho Church, let him bo to thoa as the heathen and the publican." I ask you iv tho sincerity of your hearts, Uo you thiuk that Christ would thus bind mankind in obedience to an authority, which could lead thoni into damnable error? Our Lord saye emphatically, aud without limitation or exception, " Ho that will not hear the Church, let him bo to theo as tho heathen aud tho publican." This, no doubt, will appear a novel doctrine to many of my readers, who havo been taught to recognise no authority in any Church, and who have long worshipped tho idol of private judgment. Again, wo read in Hebrews xiii., 17, "Obey your Prelates, for they watch as being to render an account of your houls." 1 am at a loss to discover how tho Prelates' would be obliged to render an account of our souls, if it bo not our duty to obey them ; but if, on tho contrary, wo may road tho Scriptures and interpret them at our own risk, must it follow in that case as a necessary conse<]uenco that the Bishops, to whom wo acknowledge no obedience, shall be accountable for the salivation ot our souls? "Oh! Israel, Israel, destruction ia thy own — thy help is only in Me." It was brought under my notice this morning that 1 had not. as yet touched on tho Communion of Hainls. I shall do so now. The Communion ol Saints means: —1. That tho faithful do all communicate iv tha saino faith and sacraments, in tho s-atno sacrifice, and also in tho merits of ono another. "And if oi.o member suffer, all the members suffer with if, or if one. member do glory, all mom bars rejoice with it, —you are tho body of Christ and members of member" (1 Cor., xii., i>o.) 2. It means that tho faithful on earth communicate with tho angels and saints in heaven ; we by praising and praying to them, they by praying for us. " There ia joy before the angels of God upon.one sinner that doth penanco " (St. Luke, xv., 10.) That the Bamts havo power to do us good is pro\ed from Apoc:, ii., 20-27, where Ch-ist hath promised them power over us. "To him," said He, " that shall overcome, and Iseop My works to tho cud, to him will I give power over all nations, and ho shall rulo them with an iron rod." It appoars that it is lawful to pray to angels from Apoc. i.,<t, where St. John did it. "Grace," eaid he, "to you, and peace from Him that is, that was, and that shall como, aud from the seven spirits that aro iv the sight of ilis throne." And, again, Apoc, viii., <i, where we read that they present tiio Church's prayers to God. The smoke of the incense of the prayers of tho saiuts ascend from the hand of tho angels boforo God. Jacob taught his children lo pray to the saints, saying: " And let my name be invocated upon them ; tho uames also of my fathers, Abraham and Isaac." That llio saints pray for us appears from Apoc, v., S, '?The twenty-four elders fell down booro tho Lamb, having every one harps, aud vials full of odors, which are tho prayors of the saints." ia no dishonor lo God for us to prny"to tho saints, nor yet lo beg men to pray for us; for St. Paul did it. '-Wo hope," said he, " that God will deliver us, you also helping in prayer for us" (2 Cor, i., 11). It is not generally known that Lord Macaulay was a prophet; but lot the reader peruse the following lines rela tive to the present war, and judge for himself :— Meanwhile tho I'arevns army, Kight glorious to behold, Camo flashing back tho noonday lijjht, Kauk behind rank, liko surges bright Of a broad sea of gold. ' Four Hundred voices sounded A peal of warliko tfleo, As that great Host, with measured trend. 71 ith eyes mdlficd, and hynin-hooka spread, llolled slowly ro-vnrds Burclekin't head, Whero the dauntless Father stood. Tlio Priest stood calm and silout, And looked upon tho foos, And a great shout of laughtor From all tho Parsons rose": And forth five chiofs enmo spurring Boforo that deep mmy, Tooarth they sprang, thoivUiMcs thoy drow, And lifted High thoir voices, and flew To win tho narrow way. [Then a desperate fight took place. Tho old Hainan, single- handed, proved himself more than a match for the allied armies, and the carnngo amongst the ''parsons and their followers, was somelhiug fearful. 1 But all the Parsons , noblest Fiilt their Hoarts sink to see On tho earth tho bloody corpses, lii tlio path the dauntless Pric —si : Aud, from tlio ghiiftly entrance WHoro that bold Itoninn stood, AlVslu-auk, like boys who uuawuro, Itan-'ing tho woods to start a Hnro, Como to tho mouth of the dark lair AY'lier", growling low, a fierce old boar Lies amidst bones aud blood, "tt'ns none who would bo foremost To load such diro attack : Hut Welsh behind cried ' Forward !' And White before cried 'Buck !' Aud backward now aud forward AVuvors tho deep array ; AncTon the tossing sea of/oi-s, . , \- To aud fro the Jiiblcs reel; And the victoiious voices Dio fitfully away. Yet ono man for ono niomont Stood out beforo the crowd; Well known was ho to all and mc, And J (,'iivc him greeting lond, ' Now welcome, welcome. BRYANT! Now weleonio to thy Homo ! AVhy dost thou stay, aud turn away ? Hero lies tho road to Komo.' The war is now ovor, bigotry ia a thing of the past, and peace and pros perity reign once more in Singleton. 