DAY OF REST. THE ART OF H^PPY JIVING. A SERMON BY THE IiAtfE bW. (j. ft SPUR OEOK. im And whatsoever ye do in word or deed, do all in tlienaine af the Lord . Jesus, giving thanks to Ood and the Father l>y Him."—Golossians iii. 17. In the text we have an instance of the terseness, brevity, and clearness of Divine precepts. Here is a law applicable to every believer—J.o every action, word, and thought, in every.- place, under all circum stances; and yet this comprehensive com mand is expressed in very few words. As the mariner's compass or the pole star to the mariner, so may the text be to us.. Here is an infallible directory as to the way of holiness; a Judge whose decisions in the matter of righteousness and truth none need distrust, 1\. Here : is holy Walking described. 'Whatsoever ye do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus.'' This rule can only be practised by the regenerate. You must be in Christ before you can do anything in Christ's name. Until your na ture is renewed, until you have submitted yourselves unto the righteousness of Christ, until Christ is formed in you the hope of glory, you are not capable of walkiug after this high and hallowed fashion. "Ye must be bom taguin." The precept demanding your immediate attention is not the pre cept of this text, but another; the words of Peter, in the Acts of the Apostles, are for you—"Repent, • and he baptised every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the ll'oly Ghost:" or this—"Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou -shalt be saved," Yon must begin at the begin ning. It will but mislead you if J. exhort you to walk as believers before you have received the inner life. The root must be changed before the fruit can be bettered. Yon need fci radical change, and you must have it. or perish everlastingly. To those of you who have submit ted yourselves to His government, and are trusting in Him for sal vation, let me say—you are u Christian arejxmnd to offer daily praise; you should oi'teu lift up your heart in grateful songs and psalms to Cod, but see to it that you do tail this work of praise in the name of the Lord Jesus. No praise of yours can lie sweet with Cod except it. be presented through your Great High Priest. Bring, therefore, your gift of thankfulness to this altar which sanetilieth the giver and the gift, and ever bless God through Jesus Cnrist. You are also to abound in prayer; it is your vital breath. You cannot flourish as a Christian unless you constantly draw near to Cod in supplication, but vour sup plications must always be presented through the name of Jesus Christ.. His name gives prevalence to prayer; it is not so much your earnestness or sincerity as llis precious blood that speaks in the ears of Cod and intercedes for you. Pray ever, then, with vour eye upon the finished Pro pitiation and the living Intercessor; ever plead l.lio merit of Inmianuel, anil neaven s gale .shall open to you. In addition to your prayers and praises, you are hound to serve Him, according to the abilities en trusted to you, in teaching the ignorant the tyay of sal vat ion, in bringing hi the uncon verted, and in edifyng the saints; but re member that your service to God in these respects can only be acceptably as you pre sent it through the name of Jesus'Christ. The Hand of the Crucified Due must offer for you the sweet cane which you have bought with money, and (lieTut of all vour sacrifices. If you could give to God all you possess, nil the time of your mortal existence, all the talents with which you have been endowed—if you could do this henceforth without a failure, yet il you did not present the offering through Jesus Chris!, it would he as though you had done nothing; your burnt, offerings and whole burnt offerings would have no acceptance with Jo! )ovah, for your sinful nature pol lutes them all. We should do .ill under the sanction of the Lord Jesus as our Excmplar. It would be well for us if when we find ourselves iu circumstances of perplexity we ashed our selves Hie question, "What would Jesus Christ have done if He were in my circum stances?" The answer to that question is the solution of your difficulty. Whatever He would have done, it will he safe enough for you to do. Why, you must, ho safe, you must be accepted, if you do a.s Jesus did; for never can C'hri-4'.s example lead a simple soul astray. 'Tis always safe for souls to follmv ,01 Wln-iv Christ, tlifir Holy Kl■ e-]jliei-.l, kails tlie way. Beloved, it is delightful to know that Christ is all mine, and i am all Christ's. It is a holy aspiration to desire to enjoy as much of Christ, as our nature can receive, and then to exhibit, as much of Christ as grace can enable us to reveal. "Everything for Jesus;" "Christ all. and in all Christ; ' let these he the mottoes of every believer. We should -do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, for He should be the element in which we Jive. It is said of the .modern Greeks that .whatever may l>e their faults ipeataJly, they are faultless physically, for you never saw a Greek peasant in-an ttn ifraceful attitude, however much he .might ie off his guard and unconscious of your gaze. Gracefulness is a part of the Greek nature. So let the Lord Jesus Christ be so woven and intertwisted into your Very self that you cannot lie otherwise than Christlike under any circumstances. Lord, grant us this. It would be a glorious thing to be saturatoil through with the spirit.of Christ, so as to live Christ evermore. That eminent ornithologist, M. Audubon, who produced accurate drawings and descrip tions of all the birds of the American con tinent;, made the perfection of that work the one object of his life. In order to achieve this he had to earn his own living by painting portraits and other labours; he had to traverse frozen seas, forests, cane brakes, jungles, prairies, mountains, swollen rivers and pestilential bogs. He exposed himself to perils of every sort, and under went hardships of every kind. Now, what ever Audubon was doing, he was lighting his way towards his one object, the pro duction of his history of American birds. Whether he was painting a lady's portrait, paddling a canoe, shooting a racoon, or fell ing a tree, his one drift was his bird book. He had said to himself, "1 mean to carve my name amongst the naturalists as having produced a complete ornithological work lor America," and this resolution ate him up, and subdued .his whole life. He accom plished his work because' lie gave himself wholly t° it. .This is the way. ip -which, th© ■Christian'man should "make Christ .his ele-r lijeni. All; that he does should he sub servient to this one thing, "That I may (inish my .ronrse with joy; that 1 may de liver my -testimony for Christ; that 3 may ' glorify God whether I live or die." Once more, what a rebuke is our text to those who dishonour the name under which tln\\\ profess to live! The SpaniariV in America acted so cruel ly, and with such a dreadful lust for gold, that when they sent their missionaries to convert the Indians, the Indians wished only to know whether the religion flint; was taught them was the religion of the Span iards; for, if it was, they should like to believe something the very opposite of it; and, if there was no heaven but where the Spaniards went, tliey would sooner go to hell than be with them. Truly, some pro fessors' lives give much the same savour to the Christian religion. Men say—"Are those Christians—these mean, covetous, ipiarrel soine, domineering or boastful people? Then wc will sooner be inlidels than Christians.'' Out upon yon, ye caricatures of godliness! You have cruc'tied the Lord afresh, and put Him to an open shame: How dreadful will be your punishment, if you die in your pre: sent state. Uepeut of your sin. a.ml ask of. God graee to make your profession sincere; ami, if you will not do this, at least be. honest enough to give up your false profes sion, for you do but degrade both it and yourself. There is no necessity, surely, to add-to your-innumerable sins this sin of hypocrisy. What gain you liv.it? Nay. sir. if you must: serve mammon and the devil, serve them; but why with supererogation of iniquity inust.you pretend to serve Christ ? 2\. Wc lind in lluvseeond pari of (lie te.vt. holy music prescribed, "(living (hanks unto (lod and the leather by Him." Soldiers march best to battle when the trumpet and drum excite them with enlivening strains; tlie mariner brightens bis toil by a cheery cry at everv pull of the rope; and it is an excellent thing when Christian men know! how to sing as well as to worlc, and mingle holy music with holy sendee. The best, music of a Christian consists in thankful ness to Clod. Thanhs should be rendered by the believer with all the acts common to men. Our eating, our drinking, our social meetings, our quiet, eonvcrsings one with another—in all we should give thanks unto (lod and the bather. This we should do in' the labours peculiar to our vocation. What ever your trade and calling may be, ii' you ■-cannot sing aloud, you can sing in your hearts while your bands are busy: yon eanv ring out the praises of (lod as well In the sound of the hammer on the anvil as to the peal of the organ: your feet at the sewing machine may heat time to a sacred tune; you can as well praise (lod while you crack your whip as when you sing to a psalm tune. Why not? If the heart be right, yon run mount up to the heavens from any place of labour. Whatever your calling may be, you shall lind something to help you to magnify (lod, if you will but use a .spiritual eye to discover it. We ought especially to praise Hod in the exercise of our religion. Whenever the as semblies of (.anil's people meet, there should he much of holy joy. Some people are so .afraid of joy that one might snnpose them to labour under the delusion tint all who are devout must also be unhappy. If we worshipped Haa.l, to lance ourselves with' knives were most fitting: if we were wor shippers of Juggernaut or Kaleo, self-inllict ed tortures might be acceptable; if we ador ed the Pope, it might be proper for us to Wear a hair shirt and practise flagellation; bus as we worship the ever- blessed God, whose delight is to make His creatures hap py, ,holy happiness is a. part of worship, apd joy in,fhe Lord one of the accepted , graces of the Hpjy... Spirit. Brethren, let us.be happy.lyhen.we praise God. I have noticed; With imm',the'way ih .which people will'get J-id, if.'tliey can, oi' happy words out of their hynme,;, The" hundredth Psalm runs thus:'— All people that 011 earth do dwell, King to the Lord with cheerful voice; Hint se-rfe with What? Well, some clever folk modernise it into— ' Jli'm serve with fear. But, as 1'believe, the older form Is— 11iin serve with mirth, His praise forth (ells Oonic ye before Him and rejoice. I voilder some other scribe did not ei)t out the woi'd "cheerful," and put in— Sing to the Lord with doleful voice. Til this way the psalm might have been itn Proved"' until there would not have been a grain of worship left in it. 1 mean to sing it, "Him' serve with mirlh;" ami with a glad.and merry hpart will I praise my God. Jf 'you are His child, .rejoice in your Fa ther's presence; if you are pardoned, rejoice in the mercy (hat washed away 'your sins; even if you are tired ami troubled, yet re joice t'hat your afflictions are working to gether for your good. "Kejoioe in the Lord ill Will's."'" The text tells us under what aspect wc should regard (tod when wc are thus thank ing Mini: "(• (ring thanks unto (tod and the Father,"' blessing Dim that He stands in that relation to us as well as to the Lord Jesus. The belief in the Divine Fatherhood >vill surely make the sons of find happy. \Vfe love Jesus Christ for dying for us; we forget not the Holy Spirit because He dwells in us. it is the lather who stands at the back of all in the eternal purpose; ■it is the Father who gave the Son to die; it is Hie Father who just ilics us through the right causticof CiiTist, and adopts -m, into Mis family. 'The Father is equally to be loved and worshipped with (he Spirit and the Son, and through Christ .Jesus \v» should, come to Cod, the terrible (Sod as lie was to us in our ungodliness, and wor ship Him as the Father now with thankful joy, because of the nun-ies we have re ceived. f'/ie gist of Phis second precept is (hat jou stir up your lieaits. my dear friends, to the cultivation of a cheerful spirit. Oh, ye this; love the Saviour, do not neglect this. "Whoso oti'crelh praise glorilieth Cod.'" CAnrify llini, then. This praise, this cheerful spirit, wins on others. They, marking how you give thanks", will he at tracted to your Saviour and Voiir Ood, while you will strengthen yourselves also, for "the joy of the Lord is your strength." Despondency and murmuring will humpci you iti. all your efforts to glorify Christ, but to maintain an inward spring of f honks giving is one of the best ways to keep your selves in spiritual health. Cod help you to carry this out. Work and pyy.isv! Hearts upraise! Di-mJi your full of joy! Happy tlirv wlio all (lie dav Spoil] jn I 'Itrisl *v employ. ' 3\. A few- words upon lite third point — aatnciy, the holy motive to be inscribed upon your hearts to secure obedience. lie loved in Christ, you have received all you have from Coil the Father through Christ. That .Von are not in hell is. due to His long suffering: that yon have been spirit tial/y quickened is due to His gracious operation; thill- y ou are pardoned is due to His pre cious blood. Owing all to Him, what arises in your mind but gratitude? And what is ititmle? l)o< the dictate of gratitude? Does it not teach you that it is your reasonable service to but render yourselves to Him who bought you at. such a price? For, all, what a re turn it will be! How poor compared with what H<' has done for you! If you give your body to In; burned for Hint, yet He descrveth infinitely more than all the sacri fice of the most painful death to recom pense His stoop from highest glory to the cross of deepest woe. Let your gratitude compel you to do everything for Jesus. Hofieel, too. that. I Ik; Well-htdoved. for j whom 1 plead to-day, is worthy. "IIi 111 liul.li Cod I In- "bather exalted." Do ymi demur to 1 )j;it rxaltation? JJn yon not lather rejoice in it? Is not that song most true— Wovlliy is ilr Hint cmv slain. The I'nm-r ni' i't jicc, tha< unumffl ami thV<I; Worthy 1»> rise, anil livo, ami ivijrh. At His Almiffhiy Tat her s siik V Win you deny, l.bon, 1o t'UirM ilml which lie is worthy to receive'? lie deserves tli<; crowns of angels, and the son.its of all the perfected. Will yon not give Him the best you have, even your hearts? I appeal to the justice which, I trust, governs your judgment—should not Christ, be the one object of your life? Lastly. I need not thus plead with some of you. for your hearts are pleading with yen. I know you love Him whose inline is as ointment poured forth: T know how the tendrils of your hearts have entwined themselves about His; Cross. His person fixes all your love: yon are only happy when vou are walking in eoinnuinion with II im; He is: the sun of your soul, without whom you eannol live. Well, then, do what love dictates. bring forth the ala baster box of ointment, break it. pour the Barred lard upon His head, and if any ask, "Wherefore is this waste?" say that He is worthy of it, and that you hive much be muse you have had - much forgiven. This flay bping forth the best that is within your store, the spiced wine of your pome granate, and set. it before your Lord, while Jesus sups with you and you with llim. Again 1 say. arouse yourselves to live at a more vigorous rate, and let the whole of the force and energy that dwells within you, and all that you can borrow from the se venth heaven, lie given up to Him who loved you and gave Himself for you. -May niy .Master's blessings be with these words to all who hear or read thein, for Jesus' Fake. Amen. 