BREAKING IN A BOOK AGENT. 'I am afraid that I once Bpoiled a good book agent,' said the head member of a book agency. ' We had got out an expensive religious book and had ad vertised for agentB to handle it. Among the numerous applicants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked him if he thought he oould Bell books, and he said that ho reckoned he could.' * Very well,' said I, ' I'll see what you can do. Take this book and consider that I am your intended viotim. The price of the book runs from 2dols. to 4dols., but you must always endeavour to sell . the highest-priced edition, although it iB no diBgrace if you only Bucceod in selling tho cheaper kind. If you Bucoeed in selling me a book I will hire you. Now, go ahead.' He took the book, fumbled it very awkwardly, and then stammered : ' Yer don't wanter boy a book, do yer, mister?' I smilingly answered that I did not. ' Better buy one,' eaid he; 'I'll sell it ter yer pretty cheap.' ' Get out of here I' I yelled, pretending to be mad. ' Don't you Bee that sign, ' Book AgentB not Wanted V ' 1 I'll let yer hev one fer 4dols., mister, seein' it's ye,' said he, taking off hiB coat and throwing it on the floor. * I'm afraid ? ' I began. 1 Four dollars, miBter, an' oheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled np his shirt sleeves. I didn't like the looks of all these warlike proceedings, and deolared the test off. But he refused aud gave me three minuteB to 'dig up' the price of the bookii'': ' , While 3£was trying to make the fellow understand that the joke bad gone far enough he jumped at me. 1 didn't stand the ghost of a show with the husky youth, and I soon found myself on the floor, with the would-be book agent sitting upon me, saying something about a book he would sell me 'powerfully oheap.' To save my life I relunotantly con sented to take one of the 2dol. kind. He said he was sorry, but he only sold the 4dol. kind. Ho allowed me to get one hand Ioobb, and I produced 4dols., whereupon he released me, and wanted to know how soon he could get to work. I kept my word and hired him, sent him aa far west as I could, and then discharged him by wire. 