POINTS. The Christmas number of the 7 Vnh, illns. trated, will be ready on December 15. Agents and othors pleaso order early. The best weekly paper in Queensland. Send it to vour friends. Illustrated, priee only 3d. French newspapers urge that the French Government should claim an apology from Great Britain because a , Fropch vessel was overhauled near Delagoa Bay, and a look taken at her manifest. Or eonrse the vessel had nothing contra band of war on board, otherwise tbe news papers wonld not have so much to say. When there is a quarrel France always trios to take a hand and generally gets "it scorched. Rhodes is reported to be road making. Krugor has not had to givo away that farm offered for the great Cecil's capture, and apparently will not havo an opportunity. The British troops in South Africa will soon nnihber big. figures. Complaints havo been mado that thoy nro not arriving fast enough. Consequently, to overcomn that difficulty, ono of the fastest and best furnished of the "Atlantio greyhounds," tho Majestic, li» been turned into a transport. The soldiers who go in that vessel should bB moro comfortable than tho Queensland contingent on hoard tho Cornwall. PaoonEss lias been very slow this session so far ; business before tile House is very heavy and Christmas is coming. The sentence ou Frederick Spencer of three years' imprisonment for robbing George street post office when in charge of "it," is not too heavy, considering the nnturo of the offence. There is no doubt tho primary cause of it was tho prisoner's bcttiug propensities und other oxtravugant habits. But all the same, publio servants who are placed iu charge of largo sums of money should be better paid than ho was, or tlio temptation is too great. Oliver Croscwell s statue has been un veiled ut Westminstor. . Moro than two cen- turios aftorwards is a long timo'to rcoogniso ono of England's greatest men in this manner. But oven now thoro. is a large religious clan in tbo old country who still oherish a hatred to tho .Great Protector, and oaro nought for what ho did for his country and tho British Empire of onriy days. Cboxwell was a typo of man of whom the world has had nil too tew. \- CiimsTJixs fun and frolic. See Christmas numher of tho Week, illustrated ; prico 3d. Who was tho straw that so nearly broko tho camel's hack last night ? Too many excuses do very much accuse. Shall wo over be told, for tho last time, what really was tho truth' about that fodder? A bad omen. After the races at Horton on. Princo of Wales's Birthday a liorso named Federation trod on his halter, anil falling ou his head, broke his neok.' The second battalion of tho Roval Irish Fusiliers is now proceeding to tho placo whero their comrades of the first battalion suffered disaster. i The regiment ought to have something to say to that impulsive subordinate who hoisted the flag of truce. The Right Hon. Cecil continues to givo opportunity to tlio punster by following his characteristic hobby for the construction of roads. - . It looks as if there might he a battle over sending off our contingent to Africa. If so, Great Britain will' have more than enough on hand, if that is not so now. "Ghay Ghost of Landkwaune." Soo Christmas number of tbo Week. Order early ; prico od. illustrated. At longtli tbo Railways Standing Com mitteo Bill has passed its second reading just by a single vote. The Oppo-ition rounded on Mr. Kcogh for detecting them, but then tho Government might bnvo dono the same over three or four of their party. The Government evidently found how matters lay some time boforo tho voto wus taken, for during tho lust couplo of hours thoy pat up members to stonewall their own measure, until they saw a possibility of saving' the situation. Duuinq the long debates held over it tlio bill has beon smitten hip and thigh, and there is hardly a qucstiou that tho thrait of Oppos ing members to alter it in committeo stage so that its promoters will not know it again will bo carried out. Individual members of tho Government 'even went so far as to hint that thoy would . include public works in the duties of the pro posed Railways Committee, but the bait did not oateh tlio waverers. Mt:. Dawson and his followers would havo nothing hut a now bill altogether. "The Mistletoe Lady." In Christmas number of the Week, illustrated ; prico 3d. Bohn in bribery, cradled in corruption : tlio Railway Standing Committee Bill. It is said it will prevent corruption. Has thoro been no corruption so fur ? If not, how is it that Mr. Ilcogli forsook his party? How is it Mr. Armstrong for sook his principles ? The people can ho sure of this: "thoy did not do this for lovo of tho Dickson ndiniui- stratipn. The scene m tho House last night was most pitiful. The Government secured a glorious vic tory of ono voto, mid tlio moans by which it was secured no doubt cause their bosoms to swell with pride. Only tlio ignoble, only tlio dishonourable, only the contemptible politician could take pride in the tactics adopted. . Not content with bribing one Opposition member, who was full of patriotism, glory, and " other things " last night, The Government went so far as to try to secure the voto of a member who had orally paired witli auother. To tho honour of Mr. Bridges ho it said that lie firmly refused to be a party to suoh an unfair and despicable proceeding. 'The Government could nut understand suoh nn exhibition of integrity. Mr. Bridoks is now uudor tho ban of dis pleasure, and Mr. Keogh is tlio hero of tlio hour on tlio Government side. The Govornmont bad a terribly busy time, and the continual ringing ' of tho tele phone bell reminded ono forcibly of the words of tho poet, " Riko out the old, ring in tho new." The Cbristmos number of the Week, illus trated, will ho ready ou December 15. Agents and others please order early. The besc weekly paper in Queensland. Send it to your " friends. Illustrated, prico only 3d. 