AN UGLY CARGO OF DERVISHES A bleak, raw morning off the old port of Suez, the head of the Red Sea and entrance to the great c.nal. Cold in that quarter is very btiter at times. Re gular icy wind was blowing from the north-west as the tramp steamer' Borus,' flying the good old Union Jack, came crawling up in the teeth of the biting wind. On the briJdge, eagerly scanning signals on shore and just coming into view sufficiently to be read without risk of error, stood the captai., Jorgen sen; on the deck below was the chief engineer, "Maister Sandy," as intimates knew him--lr. Henry Alexander, as rated on the papers of the ship. 'Ay, an' be- rd a door the signal is for us,' the ygineer was raying to his third, who rid made a rush from below, and had just put a qucstion, to which a reply was given through clenched teeth, * It's out signal sure, and to me it reads like an oraer to doom. 'That softy on the bridge over us has lost all the grit which belongs to the British saiior who alone should occupy" the position he is in." The remark, though evidently drawn from the speaker by the civil question of a subordinate who had the respect of his chief, was not a proper one as referring to the man in command of a ship from one ii the iesponsible posi tron of chief engineer.' But soniething. like teud existed betwen the two leading officers of the ' Borus,' a condition of things uncomfortable, dangerous on a ship at sea. The two men were not on speaking terms ; no words had been eschangrd between them for weeks, further than could be managed by the telegraph signals from bridge to ergine The vessel, during some two years, had been dodging in and out amongst ports of the Red Sea, the Persian Gulf, ansd India, as far as Colombo. She had come first through the canal for Aden, on Government account, with ordnance stores, ammunition, etc. When that contract finished tihe engine chief became anxious to see the vessel return to refit. He had become pain fully aware of the shaky..condition of things in his department. The steering apparatus had given him special con cr n., and other parts were not in the As order slhih he knew but too well is necessary for vesselsin thuse treacherous seas. But fate was against him. The first delay arose at Aden, where a mishap to a French mail boat had resulted in that cralt being sunk in the roadstead, and during several weeks the tramp steamer and others of her kind had been employed in trying to raise the Frenchman. That task failed ; tile liner became a total wreck ; her bones lie there to this day. And a worse mishap belell the' Bones.' Her captain, a fine buff Englishman, Fred \Vint'rs, caught fever through exposure duining the salvage operations. lHe died and, at his own request, was taken out some forty miles in the Indian Ocean and buried, within a week from the time the salvage work was stopped. 'The first officer, a Norwegian, was then promoted to the command, by cable. orders from the owners, and front that time onwards things had gone Irom bad to worse on the vessel. While in the subordinate position Conrad Jorgensen had been an efficient and, on the whole an agreeable shipmate. But protnotion changed the man from being almort servilely civil to a taciturn, meddlesome factotum, whose one idea of the duties of a captain of a ship seemed to be to carry out the orders of the owners, comn municated in brief telegrams or in still more brief signal', as that now flying trom the flagstaff at Old Suez. Hle gave no heed to remonstrances con corning the state of the ship. He'll :never be mad enough to take another charter, and the old ' Borus' in the state she is 1' the engineer mut tered to himself ; ' but "he confiunded fool has no backbone. \\\'el, I've telt hi n my opinion on the matter that to save the ship our route should he through the canal again, to refit. If he disregards that, the blame for what may happen isna mine.' And he went below to the post of duty to await events. The orders ' half slipeed,' slow,' and others from the bridge had brought the ' Borus' to almost a standstill, for tire wind was so stiff that some power was necessary to make her hold her own, when an Egyptian boat came along side, and a young yellow skinned official clambered aboard, asking for the captain. In the bolt were half-a dozen Egyptian boatmen, thinly clad and so shivering with cold that the pity of the men on board was aroused to the extent of handing them down a pannikin of boiling hot coffee. The kindness was not lost upon the boat men, who were jabbering amongst themselves, after the manner of their kind. ' Hi I' a voice called from amongst them. ' Hi ! hoa belwa l; ook-a out. a port, near a boat ; a want-a whisper.' 'You go down, Bill,' a fireman said to a mate near him. ' That yelhow boy has something he wants to give you.' And Bill went as suggested ; and a few minutes after his head was seen peering out of a port hole sufficiently near the boat to hear what the occup ants had to ' whisper.' When he reach ed his mate again it was with a very grave countenance, a most unusual state of things with tBill Moisten. 'It's no use telling anything to that hloomin' old mtan we have now on the bridge,' Bill soliloquised. ' He's an tll woman, he is, an' had even as a foreigner ; but Sandy should hear, an' maybe he can get the thing set right, or a relief got for us somehow. A lot o' mad Dervishes, hey I A nice bloomin' lot the likes o' them are at any time, but in the state we are now the thing would he murder, sure I Speakin' isnt much inl my line, but Sandy should know what those yellow boys say if so be we're sent south again. ' This is a nice go,' hie managed to say to tile second enginer. ' Them boatmen coves from the shore to whom we gave tile coffee told me that we were ordered for a port on the Barrar coast, away s'west o' Aden, and that we are to take aboard a cargo o' pilgrims for Mecca-Dlervishes, he said they are, and reported at Suez to be mad as hares I So bad are they that several vessels to whom the charter wss offered declined the job. Maybe you would not mind telling Mr. Alexander, sir; he ought to know. It's no use, I sup: pose, mctioning the affair to ' the old man '? For one. I should not mind being out of it; the time I signed for is long past, and if the chief can let me go on further with this hooker.' ' Don't you think of it, my lad ;our duty is to stand by the old bont, swim or s ik. But I'll tell the chief what you say. You don't think those Egyptian coves ware running you, seh? \hen the chief heard the disquieting new; manry rmiles of the Red Sea had been again traversed, During several seconds not a sound escaped him, but he was very busy Ieering closely into what tile wthole staff knew were shaky pIarts a the machinery. ' Ay, ay,' he said at length ; 'it was guid advice you gave the hands. Quite hlkely tile liarra coast is our destination. It's just about the time them psigrim creatures are movinrg Mecca-wards. But this boat is in no trim for such a cargo; it's murder to attempt it. I'll make one effort moreto try and save the slap. Oh, that poor W\inters had been spared to us for this one trip more ! It'j against me to say a word disrespectfyIl of the management from the bridge, but I'm sure that if the owners knew the state we are in even they would order the ' Iotus' was taking pilgrims on, board, about as hard looking a lot as anyone who had been in the trade had ever seen. All that could be done in the way of patching was accomplished for the steering gear and in the machine-room, and the vessel managed to crawl past Perim, making for the Arabian coast. Fine weather had favoured them so far, and at about half her ordinary speed there was hope that the ugly cargo would be got rid of in three or four days. The pilgrims were more than ordinarily quiet; yet those who knew the material of which they were composed were un easy, as though something disagreeable would occur before the trip ended. As the coast was approached again the weather became more uncertain; several time stoppage to patch the steering apparatus Sbecame uecessary, and as night approached the bell fiomns the bridge rang so often that the whole staff were on the alert. Uneasiness had become so pronounced about midnight that when an order given was countermanded again and again even the patience of the chief gave out: 'I'll away on deck, and see what the duce he's trying to do. We've gane through far away than this in the shapeo' weather wi' less than a modi cum o' a' this brother !' It was a fortunate resolve as events proved. On deck he could see ghost like figures flitting about, but none of them canme within speaking distance; hen he made for the bridge, and was urprised while on the steps when one I the Dervishes fairly dropped into his Ims. ' A pardon !' were the words he cou'd make out. ' You mans of the fire hole all a right-alh ! You a.goa there now. I not get a order to a kill a you I Pilot a wheel steer all a right a'port I' Here was a state of affairs. ' 'there is murder about,' was the first thought of the chief; but how much mnischief was done, or what fate was intended for the hands in the ' fire hole' when their services could be dispensed with, were almost the ideas in his mind when he managed to cnswer in the brokei jargon which his informant used- the utterances of men who had spent some time on board ship, as coal trirmmers and otherwise. l Heaven help us ' he thought. 'All right-a I' he said. ' I go below, and keep her going !' Ile jumped rather than ran into the engine room. Get your revolvers, lads- everyone who can ! But don't go on deck-the Dervishes are amok !' he hissed to the astonished men. ' There is murder on the bridge, on deck, and heaven knows mn what other quarters I Fix the hose so as to serve steam ! ease down to slow speed; as many as are armed come with me on deck.' And while speaking he had been moving deckwards, the hose gripped with a guard to prevent burning while sermg out scalding steam. rOn deck flitting figures were seen, and suspecting them to ie enemies who did not choose to come near, he and his supporters managed to get to the bridge. It was too dark to see more than the outlines of two figures near the steering gear. S'Who's steering ?' he yelled SSpeak, or I'll shoot !' As reply the two figures darted away like shadows, and a muffled moan made all who heard aware that a victim was near.' ' Be careful with the steam lads ; keelp it for the wretches who have been at this fiendish work.' The denouement can be told in few words. With the aid of all powerful steam the Dervishes who were the prime movers in the affair were kept at bay till daylight ; during that time the cap tain and a quartermaster, who were found gagged and tied so that they could not move, were released, but two poor fellows who were on the look out had shown fight or been taken unawares and stabbed with knives, secreted, ow ing to the carelessness with which the msarch for arms had been conducted when tile pilgrims were allowed to come on board. Other wounded men were found on deck, but there was still force enough in the vessel to overawe the miscreants, upon whom the steam was used so freely that but few of the Dervishes required the services of the hangman when their trial took place at at Aden, to which both the ' thorus' and those were conveyed by the British man-of war, met fortunately on the day after the attack had been made About a score of those most active in the attempt succumbed before Aden was reached ; the others did not deny that their desire was to seize and loot the ship. The fellow who dropped into the arms of the engineer was the leader; he had been for years off and on in various vessels, and had such a smatter. in of English that he had persuaded the credulous captain to allow him to come on the bridge tinder a preext that he knew something ofthe steering gear, which was giving much trouble, and which, as came out in evidence, rather than be further beholden to his own engineering stall t A. M. in " Sketchy Bits". 