ielle's Ghost. ' You English police,' said Monsieur Gamier, the world-famous French detective, as he leaned back in his chair and lit a cigar—' you English police have your methods of detection, which are admirable iu their way, and yet fall short in something, and that something is imaginativeness. Haviug once obtained a clue, you can work it up as skilfully as any detec- ' tives in the world ; but, failiug such clue, I must confess, gentlemen, your little plans are often doomed to failure. Imaginativeness is, iu my humble opiuion, as necessary to the detective, as to the successful novelist, and, if you will forgive my talking of myself, I will tell you the story of the case which brought me what fame I have the honor to possess In that case we had not the slightest clue to go upon, but the imaginative instinct serred me in such a manner that I ran my mail to earth. ' One sultry morning in August I was commissioned to go to the Chateau Money, at "Villefort, a rural district about forty miles from Paris, where, it seems, a mysterious crime had been committed Mademoiselle Gabrielle Moucy, the only daughter o£ the chateau, had been found on the floor of her bedroom early that morning quite dead, the medical evidence showing that she had been killed by poison. ' Ou arrival at the chateau, I was at once, ushered into the presence of Mon sietir Money, a dignified, middle-aged mau, who rose to greet me as I entered. He was overcome with grief, and it was plain to see that he had beeu weeping continuously. ' Be seated, monsieur,' he said, in a low tone,' and I will give you all the particu lars at my disposal of this awful affair.' I obeyed his request, and seated myself near the window. ' Now, mousieur,' I said, quietly,' I am entirely at your service.' 'Iu that case,' he returned, 'I will proceed to explain matters to yon without further delay. Yesterday morning I went to Paris to attend a sitting of the Chamber of Deputies, of which I have the honor of being a member. I left in the house my poor daughter Gabrielle, her cousin Mousieur Ernest Money, my secretary—a young man named Vautrin—and the house servants,, iucluding Madame Blanche, the housekeeper. The Chamber sitting late last evening, I stayed at an hotel where I usually put up when in Paris, and this morning^t 9 o'clock I was 'horrified to receive a telegram from my housekeeper informing me that my daught3r had been discovered dead. I at once came posthaste to this house; and found that the message was only too true. The doctor, who had been hastily summoned, declared that my daughter had been poisoned, by means of some vegetable drug, such- as brucine ov strychnine. This is all I have to tell you.' ' Do you suspect anyone ?' I asked, after a short pause, in the passing of which the distressed father sat lookiug.at me with anxious eyes. ' Is there anyone in the house who would benefit by this death?' . 'Only one—Mousieur Ernest Money, ray poor daughter's cousin, the next of kin. But lie is so admirable and excellenia young man tbat to suspect him is jpaijjfeSS.' *|Clifc seerefaiy V ' man whdm I have takeu from poyei$y\aiid destitution, and whose for» tutie l am .making, seeing that I am to obtain for him a secretaryship to the Minister , for Instruction. Hardly the man, monsieur, to repay me for my services by murdering my only child.' ' True enough. The other inmates of tbe liouso are, I suppose, not to be suspected for a moment ?' ' Not for a moment, They, all loved my child, aud would have died for -her.' ' Could anyone have obtained admittance to ih« hoL- Bo'during the night ?' , ' Impossible. Every dopr was hatred and bolted as usual, so the housekeeper informs me.' ' Some visitors might have called last 'No - visitor could have called. The «torm kept everyone away.' * Prom whom'did you obtain these From Madame Blanche, tb Perhaps you would like to interrogate ' It would ba as well, I think/ Monsieur Money touched a bell, and summoned the woman, who was evidently much agitated. She answered' my questions in a straightforward, sensible manner, and, whilst it is not usual for men of my profession to judge from appearance, I nevertheless felt convinced when Madame Blanche quitted the room that slia was as iunocent of duplicity in evidence as she was of complicity in the crime. ' You are satisfied with the housekeeper ?'• asked Monsieur Money, when she had departed. 'Quite. There seems no reason to doubt the accuracy of her statements. She affirms that Mademoiselle Gabrielle did not quit the house yesterday, and no visitor called. Now, what does the doctor say as to the time when the poison was swallowed ?' ' He can say nothing very definite until after the post mortem; but he is willing to swear that the poison was administered within twelve' hours of the fiuding of the body this morning.' ' Then it is pretty clear that the poison was administered by some individual iu this house ?' ' Undoubtedly. There can be no other theory ?' ' Excepting one,' I put in, nervously, ' and you will not bo offended at my referring to it. Young ladies have been known before now to destroy themselves. Can it be possible that this is a case in point He sprang up. ' Monsieur Gamier,' he cried, passionately, ' dismiss that idea from your mind at once. My daughter was the'happiest girl in the proviuco, and, more than that, her firm religion would have led her to look upon suicide as a deadly siu. I am willing to swear by the Almighty who made me that she who lies dead upstairs did not die by her own hand.' ' Calm yourself, monsieur,' I said, gently, feeling much sympathy for the heartbroken man,' calm yourself, and remember that it is only by calmuess that you can aid myself and the police in arriving at the* truth. We will dismiss the theory of self-destruction, since you that such a course was impossible to your daughter, and we will return to the possibilites. They are as follows.' ' Go ou,' he said, quickly ; ' I aui lis- tening.' ' We havo proved to our own satisfaction that your daughter has died of a poison given her by an inmate of this house. It is hardly likely that auy of tlio menial section of the household.can he concerued iu the affair, and the housekeeper also is,apparently above suspifciou This narrows down our possibilities to two persons.' I paused.' He nodded to me to go on, and I continued: Those persons aro Monsieur Ernest, your nephew, and the other person your secretary.' 'Impossible!' he cried; ' Vautrin, the secretary, could have no possible motive. Ernest .would havo a motive certainly, but his nature would shrink from such a crime.' ' We are merely discussing possibilities,' I returned, slowly, 'and the realm of such is, as you know, a large one. It seems to me, however, that, even assuming, one ot these men is guilty, it will be impossible to fasten bis guilt upou him.' ' Why ?' ' Surely it is plain enough. You have two men iu a house, either of whom may have administered a poison. How shall you say which of those two men it is f' ' Ah! yes. It « a terrible mystery. Mon Dieu! What is to be done. 'Nothing can be done, monsieur,' I said, rising, 'uutil after tbe inquest had been held and the post mortem examination made. Perhaps some little assistance may be gained by such inquiry; but I fear it will be very little. And now, with your permission, I should like to view the body.' ' He "sighed heavily, and rang the bell.' " 'Madame Blauclie shall accompany you,' lie said; ' I have not the courage,' ' The housekeeper conducted me. to the chamber where the unfortunate girl lay, and, going towards the bed, I lifted the sheet which concealed the rigid face. And as 1 did so I uttered a low. cry. 1 By some strange coincidence, the face was the image of a certain cousin of my acquaintance—a young girl known as Julie de Meran—who was, studying at the Conservatoire, with- a view to becoming an actress. It is said that all men and women have somewhere their doubles; the double of this dead girl was my cousin Julie de Me ran. ' As I gazed ou the wonderful likeness", there rose iu my braiu a sudden jnepira-* tion. It flashed through my raind'like lightning, and fascinated me there and then.^Going hastily downstairs, after replacing the sheet, I returned to Monsieur Money's room and closed the door. ' Monsieur,' said, ' I have seen the corpse. Aud-the seeing of it has given me a plan.' 'A plan!' lie cried. ' What do you mean ? A plan of detection f ' Aye. A' plan by which, if all goes well, confession can be extorted from the criminal, and justice done on your daughter's assassin.' ' He came towards me aud grasped my hands. 'Monsieur Gamier,' he said, in a voice husky with emotion, ' do this, and you will have earned my everlasting thanks.' ' I will confide to you my plan,' I said, wheu he had somewhat calmed himself. ' I warn you, first .of all, that it may appear to you theatrical in tho first place, and desecrating to the memory of your daughter in the Becond place. But I can think of no other plan, and I leave it entirely to you whether I shall go through with it or not.' ' WhateveV you suggest,' he returned, ' shall be donB. Let justice he thought of before all else. Tell me your plan.' ' It ib merely thi?, 1 I said, quietly. " When I looked on your daughter's face a moment ago, I was struck by Iter resemblance to a cousin of mine—a young " [He, Julie do Hmu, It qo- curred to me tlieu aud there tliat I might prevail upon her to come to this chateau at midnight iu a month's time, and to impersonate the spirit of your departed oliild. Taken to tbe apartments of the suspected parties, tho guilty one would 6 a rely proclaim his guil* when brought face to face at that weird Lour of midnight with the phantom, as he would suppose, of his poor victim. The admission of guilt once made, all details as to the purpose aud method of the crime could be elicited, and taken down by me from" outside the chamber door. The plau is a stiauge one, but I think it is worth trying, and, more than that, Monsieur Money, I thiuk one other tiling.' ' Aud that is ?' he cried, his eyes on fire with excitement.' ' I think,' I returned, deliberately,' that it will succeed.' ' There was a long pause. Then lie spoke aud the words came firmly: 'My friend,' he said, 'the plan is a terrible one, aud to aid you iu it will be an.ordeal such as I have never imagiued. But 6ince at the end of it there may be success, I say to you,' Go on with your scheme,' and may Heaven help you to discover the murderer of my poor little Gabrielle.' ' Discovering the culprit,' I made answer,' will be useless we can fasten the guilt on him, aud that is my reason for formulating the strange scheme of which I have told you. However, it is possible that between now and the next few weeks some other way of doiug justice on the murderer frill be fonud,.»i wliich case, of course, my fautastic proposition- will he dispensed with.' 'Be it so,', he" made answer,*after a pause. ' It is now the 7th of August. If by September 7 the mystery is not cleared up, I will telegraph to you, ' Come to Villefort,' aud you will understand that the message is your authority to put your plan into action. ' I understand,' I returned; ' Aud now let me give you some instructions as to what is to be doue iu case I am sent for. In the first place/ nobody is to know any of my coming; and, secondly, thekeys of the doors of your secretary and nephew must be taken away so that their apartments can be entered. The slighest obstacle in our way might upset the whole affair most completely.' ' He : assured nie that these points should have his attention, and then we shook -hands and said adieu. ' A mouth passed.- . At ten„,a .m. .on September 7 I received a telegram. It simply said, 'Gome to Villefort.' I knew' then that the mystery was still unsolved, and that it remained with me tq help to solve it.' ' My cousin Julie took. in the whole affair immediately, and so far from refusing her assistance, gladly proffered it when she realised the importance of the issue at stake. It therefore came to pass that as the clocks were pealiug the hour of midnight on September 7, Julie and myself knocked softly at the house door, and were admitted by Monsieur Moucy. 'Come in,' he said, his hands shaking with nervousness which he tried to master. 'Come in, and let us get this awful scene over.' ' And this moment; he caught sight of Julie, and ho reeled.' ' Merciful Heavens 1 he cried; ' what a resemblance, It is my daughter^ living u image.' ' Hush I I cried, fearful lest his voice might disturb the inmates of the house. ' Hash 1 and let us lose no time. Conduct ns first of all to the apartment of your nephew.' ' Ah! he cried; ' thon it is him you suspect?' ' Be good enough monsieur, to wait and ' We reached the apartment of Bruest Moucy, and found the door slightly ajar. The room was in darkness save for the moonlight, which came fitfully through the blind. Julie,.trembling slightly, but thoroughly calm, glided into the room, aud touched the sleeping mau on the shoulder. ' He awoke with a low cry. ' Mou Dieu! It is the apparition of Gabrielle come back from the grave!' ' Yes; it is I—Gabrielle!' she sa'id, in a low tone; ' I have come back to fiud who was my murderer.' ' It is not 1!' be said. ' I loved you too well, Gabrielle, to injure you, and since your death I liavo tried in vain to find your assassin.' ' It is well,' she returned, in the same tone. ' Aiieu.' ' Money fell back iu a fainting condition, and Julie rejoined us. ' Our next step was to go to the room of the Secretary Vautrin. Here a terrible scent occurred, for no sooner had the man's gaze fallen npon the midnight visitor, than he jumped from his couch, and shrieked out: ' Ah! God help me, have mercy upon me! It is the phantom of Gabrielle come back to haunt me since I took her life. Help! Help! Help!' ' Be calm,' said Julie, 1 aud tell me why you took my life ?' ' Do you not know ? Turn away your eyes that they may not pierce my soul, and I will tell you. That night—that awful night, of August 6, do you not remember? I insulted you, and you swore to tell your father, on his return, of the insult.' Foam was on his lips. He wiped it away, and went on hoarsely: ' I knew that if your father heard of my behaviour, I was ruined. My position in this house was destroyed, aud—worse than that - my prospects blasted in tbe future. A sudden thought, inspired by the fiend, came to me, aud that thought said, " Kill her, and then she can do you no harm,"' Once again he wiped, his lips with the sheet. '' •. - ' Go on,' said the white-robed figure; ' tell me all.' 'All! There is little more to tell. A year previously, a college friend had sent me some strychnine for experimental use iu connection with a treatise I was writing on chemistry, and that strychnine lay iu my desk unused, Going to the desk', I took the powder aud emptied the whole of it into the milk-j\ig left by. the servant Oil the tray, outside your, room, your customary drink in tho night. I flattered myself that detection was out of the ques- tion, for who was to. know that I desired your removal? And it seemed; to.me also that suspicion: would fall, on: your cousin, who would benefit by your, death.' ' You have no more to say ?' asked the quiet figure at tbe bedsids. ' No more. But, if you would not drive me mad, leave me now, aud promise that you will return no! more. For, mther tbau be haunted by you, I swe»r that I will destroy myBelf at once, or surrender myself to the police at daybreak.' ' There is no need for either of those acts, Monsieur Vautrin,' I cried, bursting into the room, followed by M. Money, ' for the police will save you the trouble of giving yourself up. You are my prisoner. I arrest you in the name of the Republic on your own confession, of the wilful murder . of Mademoiselle Gabrielle Money.' He tried to speak, but words failed him. His jaw dropped, his eyes'started from his head. If ever hopeless despair was written on a man's face, ,it was written in bis face then. | He made no resistance when I hand-' cuffed him, and submitted to being led a'way to the police depot without a word,. j His confession, taken down by me, and witnessed by Julie and Monsieur Money, was duly brough t up at his trial, and he was, of course, found guilty. He went to the guillotine, probably the first man in the history of crime whose confession of guilt had been extracted by such moans as I have related, and which means, I claim, were the result of the imaginative instinct which is essential to the success of the detective of to-day. 