IN THE STILLY NIGHT: oft A Partnership in Burglary. BY PADL CARSON. I had tried hours to get to sleep and luwl failed. The steady dropping of rain from a leaking waterspout and the slamming of » blind proved too much for my nerves, and at length, with an impatient exclamation, I got up, lit the gas, and sat down to read till sleep or morning came, it did not matter which.y 01 eourse I was .nervous, and without reason, so far as I knew, being a temperate man with a clear conscience. aggravating blind still banged at int%iv vals, and at length I threw down mj' book, saying— "I'll stop that noise, anyhow." I opened my bedroom door, which led into the upper hall, and was met by a rush of cool air. I stopped. I was alone, in the house;_ my family were in the mountains, and the servants taking a vacation. I only stayed there at night. The draught came from ah open window at the end of the hall, and J had sense enough to know that there was a burglar, and very likely several of them, on the premises. I turned back, secured a revolver, and put out the light, not caring to be too plain a target for other persons' bullets. Then I softly stepped into the hall. There was no sound in the great house, and the darkness was positively uncanny.- I hesitated as to which way to turn, but decided to visit the lower floor first. Quietly I made my way to the dining-room; darkness and silence. I crossed the hall to the parlour—nothing there. I turned to the library at the end of the hall, the door of which si ood open; there had been fire in the grate earlier in the evening, the night being unseasonably ohilly, and the coals were, still glowing. My big armchair stood beside the hearth, and in the dim light I could see that it was occupied by a woman. Dumb with surprise, and with ghost stories flittering through my mind, 1 hastily struck a match and turned on the chandelier above my head, that I might see of what material my visitor was made. She made no movement when the room was flooded with light, nor yet when I faced her. She was rather young, very handsome, clad in a looeo wrappeV-like arrangement, a night robe possibly, and her big brown eyes looking straight into mine. But those e.ye> saw nothing; the lady was fast asleep. Here was a situation! My guest was a somnambulist, of course, and had coma from some house in the neighbourhood by a road known, only to cats and sleep-walkers. She had raised the hall window, which opened upon a little balcony, made her way to the library, perhaps unconsciously attracted by the fire, and there she sat. The rain drove against the windows, and I wondered that her olothing was not wet, but concluded that her home was not far distant, and that she had been sitting by the fire long enough to become dry. "I'll have to awaken her," I saidaloud, "but I'll wait a little and see if she doesn't take the job off my hands." I thought my voice would have the desired effect, but it did not, and crossing the room I sat down at my desk, still facing the sleeper. To tell the truth, 1 sat down suddenly upon reaching the desk, because I had not strength to stand, so abruptly was I made aware of the peril which menaced me. On the opposite side of the library, behind the woman's chair, was a curtained alcove, with one window opening upon the street. My sale stood in this alcove, the curtains were drawn, and between them gleamed the barrel of a revolver. I had read of Maggie Bragg and her husband, two of the most daring burglars in the country. They always worked together, and never had any partners, and my house was their latest point of attack. The lady was not asleep; she wasn't even sleepy. I had come upon them so noiselessly, and turned on the light so quickly, that she had only time to take a somnambulist's pose, while the man in the alcove dropped the curtains and waited developments. I remember a hissing sound that bad swept through tne room as I crossed the threshold, which I had taken to be some freak of wind and rain. It was Maggie giving the danger signal. I felt tne revolver in my pocket, but the light played along that bit of steel between the curtains, and I was well aware that the other man had the "drop" upon me. I heartily wished I had stayed in my room with the door locked, not being fond of figuring in a murder case, and then I would have had a chanoe for my life. Jim Bragg thought the safe held five thousand dollars, which, in s6me way, he had learned that I had drawn from the bank the previous afternoon in order to meet a note which should have been presented, but which had been delayed in the mfcil. He was mistaken, however, the money, along with the rest of our valuables, was in the bank: I met the cashier on the street early in the evening, and induced him to go to the bank with me and let me place the money in my safe deposit box. My lady moved slightly, I bent forward eagerly. Presently she lifted her head as if partly daaed, then her arms were thrown up and a wailing cry broke the silence. "Where, oh, where am I?" She would have made a capital actress if she had not chosen to be a burglar ess. I advanced at once, I knew that revoIvetaliUeovered me, but I also had fed, madam; I see [ker. Your home must , . ave been waiting for *{e§fong to rouse you too lly,with an embarrassed 'an awkward situation! I have walked in my sleep all my life, but never did anything like this before. I fear I must trouble some of the ladies of your family tor a cloak or something suitable for street wear, and if one of your servants would see me home 1 would be grateful. "Where do you live?" I said. "At seven fifteen Spruce-street" "That is three blocks from here; how did you ever come so far without waking F" Or getting wet, I could have added, but thought it unwise. "That is a mystery only known to somnambulist?," she replied. "But," a trifle impatiently, "I am detaining yon." That was a hint to go after the suitable street dress of which she had spoken and incidentally give her a chance to get away. "I regret to say," I rejoined, "that we are entirely alone in the house; my family is away for the summer, and as my wife has "her keys with her, there is nothing I can offer you in the way of clothing; you must let me go to your residence and bring wraps." I had reflected that I might just as well admit that we were alone, for my visitors were perfectly aware of the fact before they entered the house. She sat down again. "How unfortunate! I do so dislike totrouble you, but there seems to be no other way. 1 shall be under a thousand obligations; you will find my brother at home; please have him come after me. She certainly was a most artistic liar. My eyes carelessly swept the alcove curtains; I could no longer see the revolver, and felt sure that the man in the case, confident that the woman would be more than a match for me, had dropped out of the window and gone, which afterwards proved to be true. I did not want to lose both burglars, but dared make no hostile movements, but being certain that my diagnosis of the situation in the alcove was correct. 1 lingered, however, for if the alarm was working help was nearly due. "How can you go out in such a storm?" I said. "You and your brother would better remain my guests till morning; it won't be many hours." "Oh, I don't mind rain if I have a mackintosh; it is lucky," glancing down at her robe, which was a little damp around the bottom, "that it was not raining when I left home." . Again i thought it unwise to call attention to the fact that when I left the library at eleven it was raining pitchforks. Unable to find excuse for further delay, I passed out, turning as I opened the door to-find that she had again risen to her feet and was watching me. "You are not afraid to be left alone?" I asked. "Afraid!" And the brown eyes shot me a glance that made me wince; then, recollecting herself, "That is—I won't be afraid if you will hurry." The front door was unlocked. Jim had evidently climbed in at the window and let his wife in at the door. Two policemen were coming up the steps, and two more stood under the alcove window. "You've lost Jim Bragg," I said, "but his wife is in the library." She wasn't, though. We rushed to the open window, into which the rain was beating, and then remembered that she would not have escaped that way because the policemen would have seen her; she could not have left by the library door, because I had not taken my eyes off it, and must therefore be concealed in the room. We searched carefully—*I remember looking in a big vase that would have sheltered a cat with a little crowding—but we found nothing. Two years later the enterprising couple were caught in an attempt to rob the same bank that held my valuables that wet night. It was a brazen daylight affair. The «roman engaged the cashier's attention while Jim deftly cut the screen between himself and several piles of bank notes, grabbed what he could reach and ran. Fortunately the cashier was up to the times, and a well-aimed shot irom his revolver brought the fleeing robber to the ground. Citizens came to the cashie?s aid, and Maggie, w.ho had promptly taken part in the general ftisflade, was disarmed before doing any damage. I was curious to know how Maggie escaped us that night, and in oompany with one of the policemen who figured in the affair, I went down to the jail to see if she would tell me. The lady was not as handsome as when she Bat in the library in the role of a somnambulist, but she was just as full of grit. They had had "reverses," she explained. In other words, the police were after them so closely that they had been obliged to keep away from the city, and had made no rich hauls. "I believe you hoodooed us," she said, bitterly; "we haven't had a bit of luck since that night, and we didn't get anything then." "Did you always dress in that costume when you went out on business?" I inquired. She laughed. "Often. The somnambulist act had to be carried out in costume, you know. I have played it repeatedly in Europe, but that was the first time here." "How on eartli did you keep from getting wet in that storm?" "Big pocket under my dress, mackintosh in it and all that, you know." "But how did you get away?" "Let's see; will I need that trick again? No, I guess not. I'll tell you. I couldn't have hidden from a schoolboy that way, but policemen are different. When you swung the library door open, I flattened against the wall behind it,- thinking that you would all make for the window, as you did. Before you turned around I was out the door flying down the back stair-way. I ran out the kitchen door, Jim waiting for me in the alley, and we were miles away by daylight. It was dead easy." They are both in the penitentiary now, and Jim doesn't know that my courtesy to his wife that night was entirely due to a revolver between the alcove curtain. 