TUMBARUMBA. (FROM OUH OWN COUBKSI'ONDENT.) On Wednesday evening last the long-promised treat (the conversazione) took place, and though the weather had been cold at-d blouk throughout the day, still the attendance whs nono the less small j in fact them was nn immense gathering. ' The Rev. Mr. Gardiiiur cceupied tho chair, and in a few nicely choeon words explained that this .gathering together of the pcpulace was n very .deoided exhibition of tho good-fullowBhip that existed between tho various denomiuatioico here, and promised a pleasant evening's amuse- ' ment to all present. The rev. gentleman read a telegram' that he had received from the Rev. Campbell Lahore, expressing his regret at not being able to be present j alBO a letter from Mr. Mount, stating that unforseen circumstances had arisen which prevented him from being present and carrying cut his part on tho programme. Mr. S. F. Ramsay alno sent a message to Bay that a severe attack of -influenza had prevented him from rendering a serien of songs as he had promised All these messages were received with regret by the chairman. The Rev. Alex. M'Kinlay, of Germanton, and the Rev. J. D. Nicolaon (C.E.) were present, and both occupied chairs on the ttage. The entertainment com menced with an overture — MaBeppa galop — by Miss Stephen (piano), after which the the following items were given : — domic recita tion, ' Zichery aud the eggs,' Mr. T. Bell; comic song, ' C arenco Fi ^clarence' (encore, 'Not much,'j, Mr. Weetbury ; duet, ' Why do summer roses fide,' Misses Mitchell and Donald son ; c mic sor.g, '-la that you, Mr. Riely,' Mr. J Foster j duet, ' Little empty stoe ing,' Misses Ethel Mitchell nod Fanny Stores j club swinging exbi diion by 12 punila from public school, under direc:orship of Mr. White — one of the best items on the pvcgramnie During an interval refresh ments were Burved to all who were present. Oomic song, 'G-y B-lenge,' Mr Wesibnry ; part song, 'Down by the deep sad sea,1' Presby terian Choir. AddresBby Rev. Mr. M'&inley.; Instrumental duet, Misses Donaldson and M Daly ; recitation, ' Len's Sister,' Mr. Ross j in strumental selection, ' Maiden's Prayer,' Master Phillip Shannon ; miniBtrel song, ' Oh my love I'll meet you,' Messrs. J. and P Foster. At the conclusion of th« programma the Rev. Mr. Gar diner thanked the audience for their presence and for the kindly wanner in which all the per formers had been received, after which the Rev J. D. Nicolson moved a vote of thanks to the army of ladies who had supplied the go id thing9 for the refreshments, those who had spent th--ir time in serving tea, &c;, to the audience, and to the performers for tbeir contributions, which vote was carried by acc'ammation. After making a few announcements in regard to Mr. M'Kinlay'a stay here, the Rev. Mr; Gardiner brought this marry evening's fan to a close by asking all present to join in singing the Nation a] Anthem. During the interval the Rev. Mr. M'Kiulay met and conversed with many old friends, who one and all seemsd heartily pleased fo m^et one who had so long been associated with tha local Presbyterian Church, and who had the church's welfare bo much at heart. I am informed that something like £14 was taken at the door, and considering that the tickets were Bold at Is. and 6d. the large num ber who were present can be well imagined. V^e cm certainly look forward, to a right hearty laugh and another jolly evening when our Presbjtorian friendB hold another social gather ing. The Tumbarumba folk have now apparently woke to the fact that they Btand in need of railway communication, and are going to work in earnest fo briDg about co-operation with Wagga and Humula in the matter of urging on the Minister for Works, the necessity constructing a light line of railway on this route. The decisive step in th's direction was taken yesterday, when the ollowing requisition was taken round the town for signatures : — ' To Arthur James Piesley, Esq , P.M., — We the undersigned residents of the town and. dis trict of Tumbarutnba do hereby respectfully re quest that you will call n meeting of the in habit suit b to be held at such time and place as you may seem meet, for the purpose of taking such steps as seem expedient to have a railway constructed fron Wagga Wagga to the town of Humula, being a portion of the surveyed line of railway from Wagga Wagga to Tumbarumba. Dated this 31st uay of October, 1899.' Here follow signatures. Let ub hope that the above requisition miy bring about something really substantial by way of forwarding the interest of the district, and the general public ought to feel grateful to the energetic gentlemen who faihered this movement, The P. and A. Society, I am informed, have now a fine prize list prepared for the coming year'a ehnw. A movement is now on foot to form a committee to carry out the P. and A. Society's Annual Flower Show, to be hold on Boxing Day. The committee nf the annual Spring Flower Show in connec'ion with St. Jude's Church have now made all necessary preparations for tho coming show. Good music, &c.; is promised, and if th« frosts are not too frequent during tho cumin? three weeks no doubt the show ought to bo really good . Prize-lists can now be had by applying to the secretory, Mis3 Stephen. The K.O Church corunaittae r.ur;oce holding a grand cinc-rt on November 9 in the Centen oi-il hall, which uughtto be really good lam informed that the Rev. Father Fogarty intends Irnging a number of ladies and gentlemen -rom Germanton and Wagga to take part in the entertainment, among whom the names of Mrs. Hovenden, and the Missea Stewart and Yec rneua together with our local talent, ought at leaBt to provide a thoroughly classic entertain ment. A meeting of the Hospital Ball Committee was held at the rectory last night, at which the following ladies and gentlemen were present — Mesdames A. Daly, Benyon, Nicolson, and Mi s Stephen, and Messrs. A. j. Daly, J, Chapman, .T. Walsh, and J. J. McAllister (Eon. Sec) Tho balance-sheet for the rocent ball was presented by the Secretary, and after all expenses had been paid, the vory uatiefactory result of £21 1 8 6d was shown, A vote of thanks was moved by Mr. Ben yon, seconded by Mrs. Daly, to Mr M'Alister for his ardor and hin energy in brinying the ball to such an unqualified success. Tho money taken at the ball was then handed over to the treasurer of tho hospital committee, Mr. Chapman. The first flock of Bheep, bound for the moun tains, panned through hero today (Monday), and numbered 7500. being tho property of Mr. J. S. Horsfall of WMgiewa, and were in the charge of Mr It. Wise. I understand that several more lar«.;e il ides arc expected here during the week. C'uruio Creek vaB quite en fete last Friday on tho occasion of holding tho first tea meeting and entertainment ever hold there in connection with ' the Jocal Church of England, &nd; the whole undertaking proved a decided success fronl sVery point of view. The weather throughout the day did not appear over propitious, old Jupiter Pluvius went sighing and sobbing from morn till eve, but very fortunately kept the flood gates closed ; consequently a very fair number of people gathered at the residence of Mr. Win J. Nichols, who very kindly granted the use of his hoube and grounds at Ournia for the event, and he went to much trouble to make the buildiDg wherein the tea meeting and enter tainment were held large enough. Uv r 100 persons were present, and all enjoyed tii. :ii selves immensely. as to the cuisine, it was simply exquisite, and reflected the highest credit on the kind ladies who thus succeed i lq placing many beautiful delicacies before their many guests. The ladies to whom all the credit in the matter is due are Mrs Jtff ries, Mrs, Alexander Strachah, and M-s W J. Nicbolla, the whole of the excellent c okiDg having been carried out by them. Many kind friends contri buted hams, eggs, and other necessary commo dities for the fete. Mr George J'ffidcB was hon. secretary to the movement, and miny others ably assisted. The tables looked very beautiful, being garnished with varieties of ferna and fl -wers. The tea meeting waa over at about 7 30 p.m and at 8 p.m the entertainment was opened „ by the chairman, Mr. L WilsoD, J.P , of Walwa, who puipgyrized, in a very logical way, the ladies for providing the viands so well, and then in a few well- Chosen wori3 introduced the various items on the programme, viz i -Overture, ' Marche Hongroiae,' Miss M. H Stephen j two songs, ' The Outer's Sister,' and ' Early Bird,' by Mr. J. Mailer :. recitation, ?' Tae ErranV by Master Roy Strachan ; song, 'Rothsaa B*y,' by Miss Hettie Walker ; recita tion, ' Castlereagh Jnck,' Mi68 Ellen Gadd ; ' Come back ta Erin,' Miss Shave ; Boag, ' God be with you,' Mr. C. Lukins ; cornet solo, ' Liberty Bell,' Mr FraDk Kinsiler ; two songs, 'Teaching' and ' The wishing cup,' and recitation, ' The quack dentist,' Rev. J. D. Nicolson ; soug, 'At the fountain,' Mr, A. Masters ; song, ' Apart,' -Miaa Sflaae ; song, ' Sons of the sea,' Mr Gregor ; song, ' I could'nt help it,' Mr C. Lukins ; song, ' The sailor boy,' Mr W. Jeffries. Then followed a laughable farce entitled ' The hauated Manor,' The parts were sustained by Mr Leslie Cutter as 'Mr Bryan O'Flannigan,' Mi-s Stephen es ' Mis Sallv Spriggs,' Mr 8. Benyon, as ' Nigger Sam Jinks,' Mr Harry Meldrum, as the 'Dumb Butler,' Mr Frank Kinstler as ' The Rev. Row land Hardcaah.' and Mr Malcolm as ' Ghost.' The various items on the programme were very efficiently rendered ia each instance, Mr M'Gregor's 'Sons of the sea' being very fine. The farce created vociferous laughter on all sides Miss Stephen, Mis M'Meekin, Mr. Hawk'ns, and Mr. A. Masters played the ac companiments, the piano having been lent for the occasion by Mr. Alex. Strachan. Mr Nicolson having proposed a vote of thanks to all concerned in the undertaking, which was carried by acclamation, and ' God save the Queen' having been sung, the entertainment clcmed, and most of the audience started for their respective homes Dancing was then started and kept up until the ' sma' wee hours' of the morning. 