FAREWELL CONVERSAZIONE. DEPARTURE OF THE REV. E. H. LEA. A very enjoyable conversazione was held in the MaBonic Hall last night to bidfarowoll totho Rev. E. H. Lea, prior to his visit to England. It was first intended to also welcome the Rev. J. A. Reynolds (who takes cbarg j of the parish during Mr. Lea's absence), but that gentleman was, unfortunately, unable to attend, und tho welcome had :onsequently to be postponed. Tho walls were nicely decorated, with »reenery whilst small tables wore placed id lib in the hall. The attendance was very arge and one which eloquently testified ;o th6 Rev. Mr. Lea's popularity His Lordship Bishop (Jamidge occu pied the chair, and in his opaning ad Ireas said they had met together in the first place to do honor to the Rector of 'St. Barnabas and to express their apprecia tion of his services during nearly four pears, and likewise to wish him avery happiness on bis journey, and to hope that it would not be very long before he came back to them to carry on the work which he had been so successful in carrying on in Mouth Bathurst, Judging by tha gat hering and likewise by the handsome prosentatioLS abont to be made he thought their opinions of Mr. Lea were of the most favorable possible character. It was not by everyone that high character was given to the clergy, and by way of illustration his Lordship told an apt tale at the expense of the late Archbishop of York, who accosted 3 boy making a church out of mud, who, when asked where was the clergyman said ' why it takes a heap of mud to make a parson.' (Laughter). That was nottheir opinion of Mr. Lea, however. He looked upon that night as a great triumph for the members of the Church of England and because it showed that they were carrying on 'exactly what he said at the beginning of his episcopate amongst them — that if only the Church of England was properly re presented and thoroughly understood she would be a great power everywhere.' Now what had been done in connection with St. Barnabas ? He was not going to mention any names because, if he did so, invidious comparisons would be made; bat the good work did not begin with Mr. Lea, others took it up before and carried it steadily on, bnt it had been reserved for Mr. Lea to put the crown upon the edifice and to bring this great work of the church up to the present time to a satisfactory position. How had this been done ? In the first place Mr. Lea had worked very hard. They and he recognised work — he himself was a great believer in it. He did not care for 'sundowners' or leaders, or for people whether thay differed from him or not if they would only work. In addition to intelligence they required also to haye a thorough knowledge of the work. It was not sufficient to put the intellect into it, .but it was required to . put it in in such a manner that the intellect could use the work practically, and thorefore it was not looked upon simply from an intellectual but from a practical point of view, and tbns the work became more and more successful. In addition to that, they must remember that the work, to be successful, must be a united work. It was of no use for one in dividual to pull oneway and one another, and it was by united action that the work ha J been successfully carried out that night. He urged them to still pursue their good work and to remember that the one great essential for its successful performance was to have a thorough knowledge of its nature and of the church. The great difficulty he had to encounter as a bishop, and the great difficulty many of the clergy had to contend with, was the absolute ignorance of a large number of people about what tho church really wa3. They, as members of the Church of England, had been successful in their work, because they had car ried it out on the lines he had named and because they had com prehended and nnderstood the nature of the Church of England. He could not Hod a more reverent congregation nor, was one to be fonnd throughout the length and breadth of the dioceso. He believed that they really felt the strongest attachment to the grand old ohurcb, but they must remember that though they bad work and energy, and perseverenee, and intellig ence, all these thing, without love, would never produce successful work in connec tion with their chnrob. He did bolieve they loved the church, und had come to know what its history was and realised that it was not a mere skeleton of dry bone?, but that it was something that their hearts had gone out to, and for which they wero willing to almost die. This consequently had made the parish an important one and arcountod for the high position it hold in the dioceee. Ho said he did not want to pass any bigh euloginrn upon Mr. Lea, as it was one of those things that would be absolutely distasteful to him if he (the speukor) knew him at all. All he could say was that Mr. Lea had done his work properly he had made them intelligent and loyal members of. the Chnrch of England, and therefore all he now asked them to do was to carry on that work during his absence, and to give him the snme hearty appreciation 83 they had Bhown towards him throughout. He hoped that their loyalty and lovo io tho church would grow and and prospor. Now and [again they had been a littlo bit distnr'el by certain things that had been said and done. Even 'hit day a cablegram had appeared in the pipers about a division in the House of Commons and he ogreod with that division. If a clergyman could not be loyal to his prayer book and to his bishop in such things that a bishop had a canonical right, to command ha cou oidered that individual had no right to bs regarded ns a clergyman of tho Chnrch of England. Mr. Lea was loyal to the Church of England, to his prayer book and to bis bishop. (Hear, hoar). And so long as a clergyman kept within those regulations gad requirements ho ventured to say no fault could bo fount with h'm. He roferrucl to the attacks that had beea made upon tbe ch'.iroh and said he did not think it would bo long before the predictions he had made some time ago would come entirely and absolutely true, namely, that those littlo difficulties that were ever and unon rsiiig in connection with the chnrch would moke it stromger tbna ever she had been before, would make their people fltudy its history aud know why and whereforo they believed in her, and that when the crisis had passed away they would then know and under hand her and look forward to a Btill greater ind more glorious future. In fact only hat morning he had received a letter rom tho future Governor, Lord Beau ibamp. He (tbe Bishop) had written .o him congratulating him on his ap pointment and he wrote in reply : ' My dear Lord Bishop of Bathurst, [ am very grateful for tho kind words of welcome which you address to me on my appointment ; I shall indeed feel it a privilege if I am abie to co-operate with the other members for the good of the Ohurch of England. The crisis through which we are now passing at home bids fair to end happily. Yours sincerely, Beauchamp.'' He ventured to say that thec risis — which had now became political — would end happily and he believed their great church was under the guidance of the supreme God himself ; He believed thai she was a chnrch whioh emphatical'y taught the religion of their Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ ; he believed that she was a church' which was being con stantly - steered and '.swayed by the mighty hands of God, the Holy Spirit, and therefore a cburoh which went fort1) to their members ever proclaiming that faith of the blessed Trinity, announcing her commission in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost,, and was, although ever and anon, clouds might gather about her, bound to come out strong in the end and under God's guid ance, to carry out the work which he verily believed He had designed for her in the centuries to come. (Applause). Canon Young (George's Plains) thought the meeting was a capital illus tration of the relationships that should exist between a clergymanand his people. It was a gathering which would give pleasure to all, especially to Mr. Lea. He spoke of the encouragement that was given to clergymen by the appre ciation of their work by the peop'e of the parish — but thought that when their love was given it was far better. He was confident that that was the state of things existent in tbe parish of St. Barnabas. Mr. |Lea had been a hard working man, and had made the people feel that he loved them, otherwise he would never have drawn out from them the affection which was evinced towards him. He was alvays in and out among his people — showing his deep interest, not only in their temporal, but also in their spiritual affairs. He thought that Mr. Lea had been assisted by an ad mirable band of workers, as head of which he had shown great toct and energy. He spoke highly of Mr. J. A. Reynolds, Mr. Lea's locum tenens characterising him ;as a good and true maa. He spoke humorously of Mr. Lea's reaeon for visiting England, creating much merriment among the lady section of the audience. Mr.' Lea had run very well m single harness, the speaker said, bnt whether he would come back to run in double harness he could not say. He concluded by expressing his admiration for the work done by Mr. Lea and wishing him a very happy and prosperous voyage. The Bishop, in a happy speech, and on behalf of the parishioners, presented Mr. Lea with a purse containing 50 sovereigns. He referred to the kindness that Mr. Lea had always shown towards his people — ;and said that ho was sure they realised bis gentle sympathy with those who were .suffering and sick, and rocognised his work as that of a true and loyal priest of the church. Mr. A. M'Guinness presented the de parting gentleman with a rug on behelf of the ladies, and Mr. A. M'Guinness, jnnr., on behalf of the Bible-class, prc sentsd him with a Gladstone-bag — both gentlemen speaking in the highest terms of Mr. Lea. The Rev. E. H. Lea, in thanking them, spoke of bis work in the parish, and considered the past was a wonderful one, and quoted figures to more forcibly show tho progress of the church. He said that when he had previously stood , on the platform he expressed .his intention of having nothing to do with the finances and he had carried it ont. He trusted to the people — as his work was tho spiritual port of the work — and he wanted to show tho resultofthattrnst. Prom April, 1895, to the same month in 1S98 they had raised £1638, of that Fum £332 had been raised last year ; £258 bad been devoted to such expenses as stipend and salaries, and £74 had been set apart for outside purposes — isucb as mis sionary work and charity. During the year 670 services had been held ; there had been 125 celebrations of the Holy Communion', and 1629 communions had been made, whilst 338 addresses had been delivered. He thanked the speakers for the kind references they had made to him, and assured them they would never be forgotten. He also thanked the people for tho presentations that had been made to him. He assured them that tho credit of the work tbat had been done could nd.i bo attributed to him, but was performed by thehand of tho Lord. God bolped those who helped themselves, he said, and ho looked forward to the future with assurance. He appreciated tho remarks made by Canon Yoimg abont Mr. Reynolds and ho left tho work with confidence in his hands. Ho spake of tho asaistanco he bad received from tbo men — which gave him strength — and the help of the womon — which had given him sympathy. He hoped to be among- 1 them again beforo next Palm Sunday and to able to join with them in tho Eostor joysi'at Easter- '.ido, and then and thero at tho beginning of ths church's year, to commence with them a newleose of lifr, and (o go on carrying on tbo work from day to day, month to month and j year to year to.a successful consummation. The work had then only just begun but ho hoped to again carry it on with the help of the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ to that perfection whioh He would desire. The Rev. G. S. Oakes (Kelso) added his leaf to the laurels that adorned tho brow of the departing rector, but said he would reservo his speech until ho re turned. He hoped that ho would enjoy a successful and prosperous voyage and a safe return. Before tbo conclusion tho usual votes of thanks were moved and carried by acclamation. During the evening refreshments were handed round, and the following choice programme of mnsio rendered. Tbe items by tbe orchestra — under the baton of Mr. W. H. Naylor — were particularly worthy of praise : — Selection, ' Patrol March,' orchestra; song, Mr. C. V. Naylor; part song, ' Softly Falls,' ctloir; song, 'My Dearest Heart,' Miss Taylor ; soDg, Mr. W. M. Lewis ; song, Mr. C. Toovey ; serenade, Master 0\. Lark ; violin solo, Miss Newman ; part song, ' 0 Hush Thee,' choir ; song, ' The Song that Reached My Heart,' Mr. J. Appleby ; selection, ' Chilperic,' orchestra. 