? FROM MH. DAVI1T. London, 25th November, 1808. Mr. Barry O'Brien's " Life of Far- Dell" is noft, after all, to be the subject of a Jaw suit. Mr. t. P. O'Connor, M.P., has withdrawn his (brent of action for libel on the ad rice of b is counsel, Mr. Carson, Q.C., M.P., and the boolc is now free to all who aro willing to glvo a guinea for the work. This is a peaceful ending of an Irish Nationalist dispute, and all such adjustments of troubles, great or small, between representative Irishmen are to be gladly Wleomed by all their countrymen. The origin: of Mr. O'Connor's action was found in the author's account of the ill-olmened Gaiway election of 1880. It is herein, affirmed that Mr. ParneH's nomination of the creature O'Shea was virtually the work of Mr. T. P. O'Connor, who was returned at the general election of that year for his old constituency (the City of Gal way), and the Scotland Ward division of Liverpool It was further alleged, in the chapter dealing with lliis unfortunate incident in the late leader's career, that Mr. O'Connor was influenced by unwoi^jv motives in thus helping Mr. Paj/npll' to secure a scat for the treneherousbeij 1 - son who afterwards engineered^ .liifc ruin. Mr. O'Connor deemed IMS. statement to be libellous in fact nlul in inference, and took steps to viixiV cate himself against the charge. He is now advised that this can be done •with equal efficiency by other means than an action in the law courts. It can certainly be accomplished du a much less expensive manner, at any rate. I have not yet read Mr. Barry O'Brien's version of Mr. Parnell's action and motives in putting forward O'Shea for Gal way in that memorable year. But I recollect very accurately the account which Parnell gave me at the time (immediately after the election) of the whole transaction*—of the reasons which impelled him to secure a seat for so obnoxious a character as his then friend was considered to be in Ireland, and of the generally unknown purpose which influenced the opposition of a certain member of liis party who went to Gaiway to fight, but quailed before the threat of his leader. This latter part of the story has no immediate interest. It will probably be told some day, for what it is worth, by some of those to whom the facts are known. The more historic and more important matters of the election itself, and why so reckless a step was taken by so cautions a. leader, have been written about already by ft hundred pens, and are, it appears, dealt with in Mr. O'Brien's book. I aw oniy adding, therefore, one version, to the. many which others hare already put before the public. ' took no part in that .elation. I was asked to go to Gaiway. but refused. I had, I tiii.-'iv, been fn> iir«t to denounce C'Slien r-o e.ir y :is t"e month of May, 1882 (a week after my release from Portland Prison), for liis general underhand work, but particularly for the part lie played in tjie Kilmainluum Treaty, in which the Land League movement was exchanged for the promise of a few paltry concessions by the Liberal party. To help such a man, who was known also to b"e_6'rberwise odious, was impossible. But, as it was plainly indicated) to me that a action In taking O'Shea to Galwa'y would be instantly answered by the resignation of. It® leader, I refused to take any part In the proposed opposition. Abominable as the wliole business of forting such a person upon a Nationalist constituency appeared to llOUie &uie; Bill, was at all importpiice t»:tr«Saind, and thereby transcended in ItB vital consequences all personal {<on- ^miimcail T&te; tyas the view which iMipnifr PMuri^.-fl^iiiescefr ia ParneU's pmeBftpft, » Whether tt was a right or xmmg gain* -for his tmio^ens 'to i#ke Ib^ofttK&testloti.; r UgMaMexpttimto -titaobwajuentemits l^p guidance in 1880. It was a question of balancing evils at a most critical juncture, aod of choosing the lesser in ° to the obligations of responsibility to the country. From the then point of view of political expediency, the: Irish, party were cleanly justified in the course which thev pursued I remember asking Parnell after the election what were the imperative reasons which impelled him to place sueh a. dangerous strain upon the discipline of the party in forcing forward O'Shea. His reply was wont plausible, and would carry conviction' to minds not acquainted with the relations existing at the time between him and the can so of liis embarrassments. It was to the offect that he, Parnell, had ISeeu engaged for a long time in negotiations with Liberal leaders and with prominent Tories ; also, that these delicate matters all related to the change which was coiming over the minds of leading statesmen, of both English parties on the I-Iome Rule question. He pointed out that it was not alwa.vs easy, and was sometimes unwise, for a leader lo place himself too imtuedlatolv in contact with those with whom the negotiations were being carried on. Parties whether Irish or English, but especially Irish parties, were jealous (and to some extent rightly so) of leaders acting in tills manner without consulting their following. There was also the danger of questions being asked, and of premature announcements being made, which might, do much injurv, before any definUe result could be achieved. He also laid stress? upon the fact that there were very few. It' •any, men in the party who were qualified, especially in a society sense,'' or leather .Essential respects, to meet tfo#$jj. who had to be consulted on the. ..pthefioside.; He was' not himself a • "society man" in any meaning of the word T--andy he therefore required " a messengpi* who would have, at least, this' qualification, and who would not be handicapped; by the objections "which a..thorough Nationalist member of the parly would have" to such means of exchanging views and prolmsi'tions between the Irish side and the other. A Liberal member, like O'Shea, within the Irish party at tliafc. time, " who could be trusted 'to act in a friendly and reliable spirit." was it most convenient means of carrying on the important business in which he (Parnell) was engaged, liv saved the risk of writing letters, and obviated the dangerous expedient of putting .proposals in black and white; and (this was said with much emphasis) " if I succeed in obtaining results which will be satisfactory to the country and the party, what light has anyone to find fault with the methods which circumstances compel me to adopt in working to secure these results ?" He declared that had any large section of the party gone against him iu Gaiway, and brought about the rejection of his nominee, he would have resigned his seat at once, and would have told the Irish people of tile underhand work which had been carried on against him and the party a year or so previously by intriguing meiiil>ers of it, who attempted to justify themselves for so acting in their recent futile show of hostility to his policy in Gaiway. He spoke and looked as if very much elated at his easy triumph over " 's insurrection," and said, in that enigmatical manner which sometimes marked his conversational delineations of his own character, " The effects of my visit to Galwa.v will soon be seen, and will silence my opponents." He had, manifestly persuaded himself that the line which he had taken was essential for h5» political purpo.se, and thai whatever risk he had ran in weakening the loyalty of his party was a small adventure conipiired with some vastly greater risk which the success of his coup, in curry- ' ing O'Shea's candidature, had averted. We know now what that supreme danger was. There was, of course, a mixture of fact and of apologetic fiction in this version of rhe motives which had coerced Parnell to fight so strenuously for O'Shea's purpose, first in Liverpool and subsequently in Gaiway. He had found him useful in 1882, and probably in subsequent years also, in the ivay he had described, and doubtless felt convinced that he could be put to similar use again. This was, however, the secondary and very subordinate consideration; which shaped his action. He was compelled to be the Instrument of O'Shea's objective, which was to retain a seat In Parliament, and secure, if possible, a Government position as a reward for sudi services as he felt he had rendered to an ambitious mejuber of the Liberal Cabinet, iE the political r star of that statesman should land him in the succession to Mr. Gladstone's headship of the I/iberal party. In. . faet, it trannpired at the ttae of the ' fecial Ooimmissloar that O'Shea'sr • name had ^ gnred as " a Secretary of State "-in a ftpeculktire ltetf of th® proba^ ^ 'of -a Radical Gkrremm ^ ^lih tlia Ueen drawii up at a tim© when O'Shea's patron appeared to l)« first favorite for the G.O.M.^s rnantie. Probably the list -was the "work ef the unsavoury indiTidual himself. At any rate, Mr. Gladstone did not retire, but brought in his Home Rule Bill, against the second i<eading of which the miserable member for Gaiway had at least the consistency to vote as a follower of the statesman who was to hnye rewarded him for his backstairs diplomacy under other but now unattainable auspices, It was to enable this wretched creature to cherish the expectation of such a reward that the outrage upon the electors of Gaiway was thought of and committed. His silence had to lie secured, his ambition a«d sordid purpose to be gratified, to prevent a greater calamity than that wliich a mere resignation of Mr. Parnell could entail, or a tern- ]K»rary division in the Irish party would create for the National cause. ParneH's acquiescence in liis tormentor's scheme was a necessary expedient of-a situation which-he had himself made desperate, He had to submit ro the penalties of a consent, to be blackmailed. and we know that the more a .Tictim of this process agrees or habituates himself to pay for the silence of a. persecuting caitiff or scoundrel, the harder will grow the terms of ultimate release, aiul tho more dangerous the consequences of final exposure. Most men, qua men. would have acted as Parnell did in tlie Galxvav election with the same danger hanging over them, and weighted with kindred resi'imsibilities. Jr was a purelv human retreat fi•oin the dread til eonseijiteiK-es of a. foolishly-continued human wt-akiiesi*—to put it in its mo«t rliuritah])' light-bail had Parnell exercised towards O'Shea at thai juncture the courageous demeanour which ho delighted liis friends in displaying subsequently at the Special Commission, a far different, chapter of modern Irish history would be written to-day. Here, however. Ave approach the endless and profitless speculation of - the might- have-been." We have had another contribution lo the literaturcof recent National politic* of a character not quite historical, and with a purpose which can scarcely Ikcalled patriotic, contemporaneous!*' witli Mr. Barry O'Hrien's "Life of Parnell." The compilation is headed " Why Ireland js Not Free." and the writer's name is Mr. T. M. llealy. A person innocent of Mr, Healy's methods of arriving at conclusion*, like that which gives a title to bin pamphlet, would probably answer the question tints put by saying. " Because Ireland has not. I>een strong enough.<n- England sufficiently wise, to make it so." But the member for North Louth does not allow himself to be dreeived in that. way. To liim England's power, population, or anti-Home Utile feeling count for nothing. Neither docs 'he corresponding weakness of his count ry, in two >f these attributes' of her ruler, matter anything. There is an all- Kafficient cause for our continued servitude far above these misleading facts. This giant obstacle to our freedom. unlike most pernicious agencies, is retroactive in its auti-National influence. It accounts for the gale which swept Bantry Bay a hundred years ago. and wrecked the hopes of Irish freedom in scattering the fleet which Wolf Tone s marvellous influence had brought from the friendly shores of France for our deliverance. It <lest roved O'Connell's great movement for llepeal : Mlghted the buoyant hopes of the New Irelauders ; rendered the Fenian organisation a weak and blunted instrument: discouraged and dethroned Isaac Butt : and, finally^ in 1S90, created the disastrous spiff w.hicli in our own day deprived Irelsnid ,- of her liberty. This all-powerful /evil genius of the present century, in thp struggle for Irish liberty, is—Mr. Jpliii Dillon. -vt m ,, ; • ir tt i , '-1 This at. least, is Mr. Ilealy's reaprf, for saying, m " two t™ hundred hundi-ed pages of o£ v editorials collected from some Dub8n ^ weekly jjaper iper, why Ireland, is not frc^' We all wish and hope, of course, that ,, Mr. Dillon and Mr. Healy may liveto a ripe old age, but should Fate ordain that the member for East Mayo si tall precede the member for North Loutli to the portals of a better world, one can confidently imagine the uneasy ghost of Mj\ Healy winging its apprehensive way to St. Peter's wicket at the gate of Paradise, and, on being smil-' ingly invited 1 to enter, inquiring first, " Is Mr. Dillon inside, may I ask " Why, of course." "Indeed! Then he must have stolen in while you were fooling round in another cock-crowing betrayal of your duty." " But won't you come in. Tim. avie. and let by-gones be by-gone* V " Never, while he is there I will go lo the other place first!" MICHAEL DAVITT. 