TOPICS- The report of the Board appointed to nquire into serious allegations in connec tion with the Detective Force was pub lished in the dailies on Wednesday last, aud affords about. fifteen columns, more or ieBs interesting reading, lne isoara ccn- Bistod of His Honor Mr. Justice. Dash- wood, and Messrs. W. R. Boothby, C.M.G. (Sheriff), and James Gordon, S.M., and as the result of their investiga tions, they find that several of the detec tives have been guilty of improper oonduct, more or less serious. The evidence of the various witnesses discloses a deplor able existence of a gang of men who have made their livings — and gbod ones, too — by trading on the stupidity of their fellow men. We have no pity for thes8 speilers, and very little more for those who are fools enough to be gulled in such a bare_ faced way by them, hue we have a heap of sympathy with the members of the force who have been almost compulsary dragged into wrong doing. It is well- known to any casual onserver taac unless a police offieer can " do something," his chances chances of promotion are very small, and as promotion is the only thing he has to look forward to, he can be pardoned if lie strains a point occasionally to achieve his object. It doesn't appear us if the authori ties realise that it is far better to prevent crime than to detect it, but surely such- is the case. We don't know much about the inner workings ot the police force, but it seems- to us that in very many cases it is absolutely necessary that the police should be intimate with criminals and their, ways in order to' detect crime: A policeman would not think of associating with magis trates for the purpose of finding.out crim inals. If the enquiry has the - effect of improving the position of police officers in the discharge of their duties, a good object will be achieved. We are opposed to the principle of kick- in a in tin when he is down, or of abusing a Ministry when they have been defeated', Hut we cannot refrain from joining in the general Jubilation consequent upon the compulsory retirement of the Kingston Ministry. We hope and believe that Mr. Kingston and his colleagues — they are all battlers — will enjoy the test they have bo well earned. It is- very easy and' often the cause of a heap of trouble, to misunderstand: and to- be misunderstood- A well known and respected minister .of the gospel was preaching, a missionary sermon in a chureh not 40 miles fro nr Hudtllestone recently, and unknown to- liiui, some- of the lady members of the congregaticn are now very much concerned in their minds as to which way they shall interpret a remark made by him. The remark was something like this—" many of our brightest and most intelligent men have not thought it be neath tbeir dignity to go- and preach the gospel to the heathen, and many women have gone too thank God L" - We publish, this togive said minister the opportunity of squaring things and hope he will appreciate the motive. By a majority of one the Kingston Ministry were defeated on Tuesday last on the motion of - Mr. Burgoyne, "That the House do now adjourn." The division was as follows : — Ayes (26) — Noes (25) — Mr. Blacker Mr. Archibald Mr. Burgoyne (teller) Mr. Batchelor Mr. Caldwell Mr. Butler Mr. Castiue Mr. Brooker Mr. Copley Mr. Cummins Mr. Darling . Mr. Carpenter- Id r. Duueau Mr. Catt Mr. Gilbert Mr. Coueybeer Mr. Giles Mr, Dumas Mr. Glynir Mr. Foster Mr. Grainger Mr, Hutchison Mr/ -Griffiths Mr. Houngau Mr. Hague Mr, Hooper Mr. Handyside Mr. Holder Mr. Homburg Mr. Jenkins Mr. McDonald Mr. Kingston (teller) Mr. McKenie Mr. MHler Mr. Morris Mr. McGillivray Mr. Paech. Mr. McLacLacblan Mr. Poynton MrJO'Loghlin Mr. Roberts Mr. Peuke Mr. Houuseveil Mr. Price Mr. Solomon Mr. Playford Mr. T iickor Mr. Shannon Mr. Von Dousea Mr. Sherk. Mr; Wood ' Pair — Aye, Sir John Downer. No, Mr. H:ving«tone. Messrs Elder Smith and Co, . will con duct their usual monthly sale at Gladstone on Tuesday next. An Indian hawker named Baul Singh was th»own from his . cart -at, .TeaLree Gully on Tuesday last, and died from the effects. A. E. Johns Secretary and Treasurer of the Royal Maylnnds Lodge, Grand United order of Free Gardeners appeared at the Adelaide Police Court on remand on charge of embezzling £100 the property of the Lodge. No prosecutor appeared and Johns left. A tremendous lot of hay is being carted into this town just now and both the Milling Company and Mr. G. Fisher can boast of having several hundred tons on hand. About fifty tons a day are being stacked at present. We understand that at Petersbu rg endeavours are being made to establish a. branch of Our Boys Brigade. It would be a grand thing if all the towns of the north would gtp and do likewise. The principal opportunities offered to boys in these towns are in the dit ection of wrong doing a matter to he deplored. We are pleased to learn that Mrs. Gilbert wife of the popular landlord of the Wirrabara Hotel has taken, a turn for the better. For weeks past sIig has been hovering between life and death, her illness commencing with a bad attack of influenza and developing inlo -pleurisy and other complications. We hope her com plete recovery will beapeedy. A fire broke out in one of the Booyoolee- paddocks on Mondag last, but owing to the prompt action of the station hands and the valuable assistance rendered by a number of townsmen tha. damage was comparatively small, about" 8 or ten acres ' rvpiMio Koinre xTeafpAvorl 'Flio nnliP niflflp the necessary enquiries and communicated with Mr. W. Hancock J.P., who did not deem an inquest necessary. Mr, J. A. Hill, of Laura, who arrived in South Australia seventy-three yeais go, and assisted to hoist the British ; nsign when the Governor arrived, cele brated the seventyninth anniversary of his birth recently. May he live to cele brate as many more as hie health will allow him to appreciate, and, after tha, enjoy the vest that he will have so . well earned. Iu reply to a question in the Home on Tuesday last, Mr. Eui.s'on sii 1, tha'- h would not' offer himself as a candidate for the Federal Parliament until the House held Suffrage Bill had passed through all its stages in South Australia. This- is a . matter for extreme regretr as we can ill- afford to leave the Right Hon. gentleman out of the Federal Parliament, and for some time to omi at least there is not a ghost of a chance of the bill being passed. Possibly he may be induced to reconsider his decision. Voting for tiro election of one Coun cillor foi each of tire three wards in the Gladstone Town Council is being taken in the Old Couuc'il Chamber to-day, and will be continued up to 7 o'clock tonight. The Returning Officer, Councillor Creber, has arranged for the scrutiny to be made without delay, and the poll will be de clared as soon as; the results- are known. As speeches are expected from the nine candidates, no . doubt the- ratepayers will roll "up in large numbers.. This latter paragraph is not intended . to frighten nervous candidates. Want of appreciation is- a very common failing. A while ago, "-Tern" Coward, the welljknown. and popu-far ho3t of the Prince Alsred Hotel iii King William street was standing in front of his door with two friends when Ire espied an old comrade coming along. He rem-.ulced, "You see that old fossil coming along there Well,, he's the pluckiest man: I ever met; what would frighten him would make a Jew drop a cashbox." One of said friends laughed most immoderately at the absurdity of a Jew dropping acish- box, the other never smiled, hut some minutes later remarked, " What did' lie mean by a Jew dropping a cashbox 1" Ha deserved hitting. A very successful strawberry fete was held in the local Town Hall on Wednesday euening last in aid of St. Albans' Sunday School. There was a crowded attendance, and a very pleasing feature was the pre sence of a largo number of Laura people, including His Worship the Mayor and the Mayoress, Tha total sum realised was nearly £1, and the stalls were presided brer as follows : — Strawberries and cream, Mrs. Harrington; and Misses B. Bertram, Oehlmann, and G. Harrington; cake and flowers, Mrs. F. C. Smith ; fruit, Mrs. I Oehlmann and Miss Bertram ; ice cream, Misses M. Latimer and O. Harrington and Messrs. Adams and Jay ; cool drinks, Mr. W. Tribe. Musical selections were rendered at intervals by Mrs, C. A. Gallaseh, Misses Smith, Sunrnan, and ! Weston of Laurs. and Miss B. McDonald. r- -7-; , T Tenders for the position of Town Clerk etc to the. Gladstone " .Corporation are - invited . elsewhere. - , . „v A meeting of those interest 'will' be held in the Council 6hfta$e? c|»-«iney even ing next to .consider the best nieanpf recog nising the valuable' servitea to the tbVn'of Mr. Budge during his ten years ocqujja"JSjrof the position of Town Clerk. There ahpn.ld be a very large attendance.' J - - Mr. George Munro farmer of .-Redhill met with a bad accident on Tuesday Ustp; If ) appears that while driving four horses/ id a reaping machine the principle' swingle-bar broke and caused the horses to bolt. Miihro pluckily stuck to the reins but his foot ; was caught in the steering gear and "'/badly smashed. Dr. Cook attended the sufferer and ordered his removal to Port Pirie Hotf- nifcnl : 1 vfti-v lifctla hooa of saving his foot. _ , . _ ; , , » The Kate Howarde Opera Go, appeared in the local Town Hall oil Friday tho old favourite " Girofl<y-ii»flawf_ There was a large ' company maintained -theuxceliehfr -repu tation that preceded them. The nexf time 'a Judge Court asks bur local tFackerj. tfeTbhmay: if lie is a christian, h« will betsye. with less hesitancy than on -tke / last' occasion. And if he dos:,not qivite'nndec.., stand what is meant by "-future state- -of-7 rewards and pimishiuehts," he is begiimitig/! to find out some of the follies of eivilizvf-'; tion. On Wednesday last he attended the strawberry fete at the local Town/ Hall, and waa liberally filled up with. n1 variety of luxuries, . including farge quan-- titie£j''of ice cream. "Next morning he vsr/is £ seen hanging overthe fence- at the pelibe station and looking. fis .much As /pps%u)b.' like a " siek black." On enquiry/tlfo j writer learned frbm him that me longa sleep- all nigh-fc, big pfeHa belly- ache." " 