HOUSEHOLD SUFFRAGE BILL. THE DEBATES IN THE LEGISLA- TIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3. HOUSEHOLD SUFFRAGE BILL. Second reading. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin), in moving the second reading, said the Bill would be familiar to members, as it was precisely the same as the measure submitted to the Council last ses- sion. It proposed to enfranchise every householder in South Australia, and to provide, instead of the present anomalous and irregular system, that the home should be the social unit, giving every man and his wife, if he had one, a vote for the Leg- islative Council. They had heard it said frequently that in the recent referendum the people did not understand what they were voting for. This Bill, he would point out at once, could not come into force until another referendum was taken, and that would be a safeguard against any people voting in ignorance. He intended to give a short history of the Legislative Council suffrage movement to meet the ar- gument that there had been no demand for such a Bill as this. The question of dif- ferences between the two Houses was a very old one. Even at the formation of the Constitution it was a very debatable point, and it was only as a compromise to enable manhood suffrage to be obtained for the House of Assembly that a pro- perty qualification for the Council was agreed to. It had been a debatable ques- tion ever since. In 1881 there were so many differences between the two Houses, resulting in deadlocks and delays in legis- lation, that a Bill was passed that was ex- pected to be a solution of the difficulty, but which had proved to be no solution at all. Even in the Council, with its restrict- ed franchise, Bills for reducing the fran- chise had been passed three times, in one case by an absolute majority. In 1894 the Hon. A. A. Kirkpatrick introduced a Bill providing for the reduction of the qualifi- cation from £25 to £10. That was car- ried on its second reading on a catch vote by 9 to 8, but the majority being insuffi- cient the Bill did not pass. Mr. Kirk- patrick subsequently moved to revive the Bill, and the motion was carried by 12 votes to 10. That also was not a constitu- tional majority, and the Bill accordingly lapsed. In 1895 the Government took the matter up, and Mr. Gordon, who was then Chief Secretary, introduced n Bill on prac- tically the same lines, the qualification being fixed at £15. There was also a provi- sion for leaseholders who had spent £200 in improvements having a vote. That Bill was carried by an absolute majority of the Council—13 votes to 10—but it was subse- quently shelved, after certain amendments had been made in Committee, Mr. Addison carrying a motion—"That the Chairman leave the Chair." In 1896 he had the privi- lege of introducing a Bill similar to that which Mr. Gordon had introduced. It was carried by 12 votes to 11, but the majority not being large enough this Bill also lapsed. That was the history, then, of Bills intro- duced in the Council. The Council having had three opportunities of passing the Bill, its venue was then chang- ed to the House of Assembly. The present Bill was introduced there in 1898, and was carried by 32 to 17, and for- warded to the Council, where it was de- feated by 12 votes to 9. Then came the events of the present session. After a general election and a referendum on the Bill had taken place the Bill was intro- duced into the House of Assembly, and the second reading carried by 33 votes to 20—one more than on the previous occa- sion. It was read a third time by 30 to 21, counting pairs. (Mr. Ward— "You can't count them constitutionally.") He had counted them in each instance. The Bill passed through the House of Assembly in all its stages by constitutional majori- ties, and the Council, as he had pointed out previously, recognised that there was a demand for such legislation by passing on three occasions Bills reducing the qualifica- tion. That was an evidence of the will of the people as shown through their Parliamentary representatives, but members well knew that elections often turned on personal or local considerations. Therefore to get an un- mistakable indication of the will of the people a direct referendum was taken. (Mr. Ward—"Not of the electors you represent.") He claimed to represent the whole of the people, not one-third. The result of the referendum was that 49,208 people voted for household suffrage and 33,028 against, the majority in favour of the Bill being 15,280, which was a great deal more than the majorities in favour of federation in some of the neighbouring colonies, and a larger majority than that given in favour of federation at the first referendum in South Australia. Moreover, out of 27 districts, 20 were in favour of the Bill, and two or three only lost it by narrow majorities—in one case by nine votes only. That was conclusive evidence that there had been a demand for the Bill. Attempts had been made to show that it was only wanted in the centres of population but there were not 20 districts dominated by centres of popu- lation. The district which more than any other could be regarded as a purely country district was Flinders. It had not a town as large as the smallest sub- urb of Adelaide, and yet 1,157 of the electors of Flinders voted for household suffrage, and only 750 against. He found, too, in such large agricultural districts as Newcastle and Frome, where the farming community predominated, that large majorities were given for the Bill. So much for the question as to where the demand for the Bill came from. He had dealt with the argument that the re- sult of passing the Bill would be to give the centres of population a predominating power in legislation, when replying to Mr. Gordon's speech on the Address-in-reply, but there was no harm in reiterating the arguments he used then, seeing that oppo- nents of the Bill outside were endeavour- ing to make the most of this idea. He pointed out that all the large centres had been formed into Corporations, and that the smaller towns might fairly be consi- dered as identified with the country dis- tricts which surrounded them. The num- ber of houses within Corporations was 25,000, as compared with 38,000 outside, so that nearly one-third more votes would be given for country houses than for town dwellings under the Bill. He was now en- deavouring to put sentiment on one side, and deal with facts and figures only, and though no doubt some members would say that if the facts were against them so much the worse for the facts—the facts he had quoted could not be disputed, taken as they were from official statistics. Look- ing into these figures a little more closely and comparing the number of houses in the various electorates with the number of voters, he found that so far from the Bill favouring the city and suburbs the very reverse would be the case. In Ba- rossa, an agricultural district, there were 2,600 houses and only 1,424 votes. (Mr. Warren—"The German women do not re- gister.") He thought the German colonists were fully alive to their electoral responsi- bilities, and that they registered and took a fairly prominent part in the elections in their districts. In North Adelaide there were 3,230 houses and 2,979 votes; in East Torrens, 5,968 houses and 5,802 votes, or only a few houses which did not carry votes. In Sturt, too, there were 4,597 houses and 4,166 votes, so that it would be seen that in the city and suburban districts the effects of household suffrage would not be very great, while in the country the effect of the Bill would be to largely in- crease the number of voters for the Legis- lative Council. (Mr. Warren—"You are setting city against country.") He was merely combating the arguments of those who had been endeavouring to do this, and he thought he had done so fairly conclu- sively. The Bill would add about 70,000 voters to the Upper House electorate. Let them see whether there was anything to be alarmed at in the proposal. Of the 70,000 about 30,000 were the wives of pre- sent electors. Was there any danger of giving them vote? (Mr. Stirling—"The wives do not want them.") That was what Mr. Stirling said when adult suffrage was proposed. He said they would not use the votes, but they had done so, and with so much political intelligence as to amply justify the trust, which had been reposed in them. He was sure no one would contend that the extension of the franchise to the wives of present electors would be attend- ed with any danger, or would result in a flood of ultra-democratic or radical mea- sures being passed. Then it was estimated that there were about 20,000 men who would be added to the roll by the reduc- tion of the franchise as householders, whose present qualification was too little to en- able them to vote for the Legislative Coun- cil. Was there any danger of enfranchis- ing men whose only disqualification at pre- sent was that their houses happened to be a little smaller than their neighbours'? They were persons whose homes and every thing they had in the world were centred in South Australia. (Mr. Stirling—"Your Ministry is going further than that. You want adult suffrage.") Let them deal with one thing at a time. If this Bill was fair, let them pass it, and they could reject any subsequent proposal which did not please them. Then, besides those he had mentioned were 20,000 others, including the wives of these small householders and a few unmar- ried men or women who had not the re- quisite qualification now. If members, in- stead of being alarmed at the largeness of the number of new voters, and being afraid of being swamped by the 70,000 new electors, would closely examine the com- position of this number, they would see that the Bill could be passed without in any way endangering the Constitution of the Legislative Council. While on this subject he might mention that while adult suffrage had nearly doubled the num- ber of electors for the Assembly, it had had very small effect on the Legislative Coun- cil. The change had added 68,000 women to the Lower House roll and only 9,000 to that of the Upper House. As a further illus- tration of the fact that very few women in the country districts have votes for the Legislative Council, he would take the District of Yorke's Peninsula, where there were 839 men and only 63 women on the roll. It was thus clear that the voting power of the country would be greatly strengthened. Take another district— Stanley—and they found only 144 women on the roll, while in the large and im- portant agricultural district of Frome there were only 240 women enfranchised for the Legislative Council, as against between 2,000 and 3,000 men. In North Adelaide there were 2,071 men and 908 women. The proportion was about two to one in North Adelaide, while at Yorke's Peninsula it was nearly 14 to 1. The very curious argument had been advanced that this Bill would lessen the influence of the Council, and ultimately destroy it—in fact he had even seen the measure characterized as the Legislative Council Destruction Bill. It was the most curious argument he had ever seen advanced. So far from it being true, it would base the Council more broadly on the people's will, and would strengthen rather than weaken it. To show that this would happen, he did not think he could do better than quote an opinion expressed by the President in re- ferring to another question. Speaking on the necessity for a strong Senate—and the Senate in the Federal Parliament had to perform all the functions of the Upper House, and a great deal more besides— Sir Richard Baker said:—"To make the Senate strong enough to perform the func- tions for which it was called into ex- istence, it must be elected on a broad basis, and as there was power in numbers the more liberal the franchise the stronger the House would become." There could be no doubt that the more liberal the franchise was made the stronger the Council would become, and, in fact, those who had the interests of the House at heart, and believed in the bicameral sys- tem should vote for the Bill for this reason. It would raise the Council from its present sectional position and make its position infinitely stronger and firmer. It had been contended that in South Austra- lia we had the most democratic Constitu- tion in the world, but this was quite wrong, as there was hardly an Upper House in the British dominions on such a restricted franchise, and he said it ad- visedly. (Mr. Howe—"Is that the reason why it has passed so many liberal mea- sures, as even the Premier admits it has?") It had not passed many liberal measures since the last alteration in the Constitution, which had rendered the Coun- cil less liberal and democratic than it was before. When speaking on the Address- in-reply, he pointed out—and he was one of the first to use the argument—that a nominee Upper House was much more amenable to the will of the people than one elected on a restricted franchise. This was absolutely demonstrable to the most ordinary intelligence. A nominee Upper House was nominated by the Government or Executive, which could not exist unless it had the suppurt of the popular House. If measures were passed by the Lower House, and rejected by a nominee Council continually, it was only necessary for the Ministry to add a sufficient number of members to the second Chamber and the measures would be carried. There must, however, be some strong popu- lar demand, and it must be shown clearly that it was the determined wish of the ma- jority of the people before the power of adding to the Second Chamber was exer- cised. They had an instance recently in New South Wales in connection with fede- ration. The Bill was rejected by the Up- per House, and Mr. Reid, who was then Premier, having nominated a sufficient number of additional members to ensure a majority, the measure was again sent there and passed. (Mr. Warren—"Then he was kicked out.") Mr. Reid remained in power for a considerable time after that. Under the nominee system then the Ministry, which must be in touch with the popular House, could add to the Upper House until the passage of popular measures was assured. Under a restricted franchise for the Legislative Council the ultimate power really rested with a section of the people. If they did not give in they could block, time after time, any popular measure, how- ever strongly it was endorsed by the will of the people, and apparently there was no remedy. The nominee House was much more amenable to public opinion than that elected on a restricted franchise. (Mr. Charleston—"What is the experience here?") They could see that in connection with the history of this franchise reduction movement. The Council had thrown out measures which had been clearly shown to be desired by the people of South Austra- lia. But let them examine a little further the statement that the Constitution of the Legislative Council of South Australia was one of the most liberal in the world. He found that in America, Cape Colony, Swit- zerland, and in many other countries where there were two Houses, they were both elected on the same franchise. Yet in Ame- rica, for instance, he had not noticed that the demagogues or extreme Radicals had the dominant power. If there were any country in the world where the power of wealth and property had greater effect than another it was America. Let them consider the ter- rible power of rings and trusts and other centres of that sort. It did not follow, then, that because there were two Houses elected on the same franchise that supreme power was given to Radicals or the bulk of the people to promote legislation of a con- fiscatory nature, or to endanger the stabili- ty of property. He found that in Canada there were certain provinces with only one House. Ontario had only one, and British Columbia, New Brunswick, Manitoba, and Prince Edward Island were other exam- ples. (Mr. McGregor —"How do they get on?") They all seemed to progress with out the fearful consequences prognosticat- ed as a result of the passage of this Bill. In many instances these provinces had formerly two Houses, but were now quite content to thrive and prosper with one, elected on adult suffrage. (Mr. Warren — "How many have two, after trying one?") He did not know of a single instance. (Sir Edwin Smith—"You wish to abolish this House?") He was a strong believer in the bicameral system, but con- sidered that the two Houses should be based upon a franchise sufficiently broad to enable the will of the people to be given effect to in legislation. The con- tention has been made that property should have some special legislative pro- tection. It has been argued that the Legislative Council was elected for the protection of property. He denied that altogether. The protection of property was one function of both Houses, and especially perhaps of the Council, but their main consideration was undoubtedly the welfare of the people. In framing the Federal Constitution the fifty best men in Australia decided that property should have no special representation in either House, notwithstanding the great national interests which came within the sphere of federal government. (Mr. Howe — "The land is not taken over by the Federation.'') The federal authority possessed the su- preme power of taxing it, and property was given no special consideration as far as the election of the Federal Legislature was concerned. (Mr. Sandford—"All the more reason why it should have it in the States.") What was the use of a little protection in the States if the Federal Par- liament could tax the land as it pleased— it was like stopping the spigot and opening the bunghole? It had been contended that the Senate was in a different position to the Legislative Council, but if the Senate was not an Upper House, and had not to perform the duties of an Upper House, then the Federal Constitution must be without an Upper House at all. (Mr. Ward—"Do you think the Federal Consti- tution is perfect ?) He had merely instanc- ed it as the latest example of a constitu- tion, framed by the fifty best men in Aus- tralia, and endorsed by the people as a whole. There had not been any protest against the Senate being based upon the widest possible franchise. No one had at- tempted to propose that there should be a property qualification for that Chamber, whatever might be the objections raised to other parts of the Bill. (Mr. Ward — "But it should have been done.") The ob- jections of Mr. Ward and some others were but the voices of a few crying in the wilder- ness. Now as to the assertion that the pas- sage of this Bill would enable the Labour Party to dominate legislation in South Aus- tralia, and carry measures to the injury of property. Let them look at the power of the Labour Party and its position thus far in the Parliament of South Australia. They found that in the House of Assembly, which was elected on adult suffrage, the Labour members were but a fifth of the whole. Yet all it was proposed to apply to the Legislative Council was household suf- frage. Although on the widest of franchises the people had every opportunity of giving the Labour Party a dominating influence in the Lower House there had never been more than 11 or 12 members returned at the general elections. Take the election of representatives of the colony for the Fede- ral Convention. That was conducted on adult suffrage, every one of twenty-one years of age in South Australia having the right to vote. What was the result? Not a Labour member was selected, and he had always contended that it was the one blot upon that representation that so large and important a body should not have one delegate. It did not follow, then, that because the franchise was extended that the Labour Party would obtain a pre- dominating influence, although as far as South Australia was concerned any in- fluence which the Labour Party had thus far been able to exercise had been for the good of the colony, and in favour of popular measures, both for the country and the city. It had been the practice of opponents of popular measures when unable to advance pertinent arguments like- ly to carry any weight, to raise bogeys and forecast objectionable things as likely to result. They would remember how when progressive land taxation was proposed its opponents said it would mean the intro- duction of the single tax. Now, failing convincing arguments against household suffrage, its opponents were raising the cry that it meant representation on the basis of population. This was done to create un- easiness in the country districts, who fear- ed that centres of settlement with their greater population would be dominant. Therefore the opponents harped on this cry for all they were worth. If it had been shown that the proposal for representation on the basis of population had been passed by the House of Assembly, and that the Legislative Council was standing in the way there might be some force in the argument, but no such proposal had ever been made there, let alone carried, and therefore the passage or rejection of the House- hold Suffrage Bill had no bear- ing whatever on the question. Before members could show that the libe- ralizing of the Council would bring disas- ter to the country districts, they must show what measures had been passed in the House of Assembly and had been block- ed by the Legislalive Council. (Mr. Sand- ford—"Free breakfast table.") In a few mouths the Federal Parliament would have control of the Customs, and Mr. Sandford would not be able to frighten the people with the cry of shifting the taxation from the necessaries of life on to the land. He promised Mr. Bice that he would indicate what the Government intended to do in view of federation coming into force. Con- siderable powers would be taken from the local Parliaments, and as great expense would be entailed in supporting two Parlia- ments, some economies would be neces- sary. The Government proposed that the number of members should be reduced by one-third, and that the number of Minis- ters should be reduced by one, at any rate. With regard to the rearrangement of dis- tricts, a Select Committee or Royal Com- mission would be appointed to report. The experience of the other colonies recently showed the evils of conflicts between the Houses. In New South Wales there was a conflict with regard to federation, and it was overcome by adding members to the Upper House. In Victoria the Council had thrown out a Bill for adult suffrage, and quite recently it had thrown it out again. In Western Australia the Upper House was blocking the way of adjusting the consti- tuencies. All this showed that until some logical and permanent basis was adopted these conflicts would continue. After all, it was not a question of how many times a Bill had been carried by the Council, whether it affected city or country dis- tricts, whether it gave more votes to wo- men or men, or whether it strengthened or weakened the Council. The real question was— Is the proposal fair and just? Was it right that one-third of the people should have the right to determine the legislation for the three-thirds? (Mr. Ward—"They can deny; they can't create.") They could cause stagnation, and prevent any advance being made. Were the Council to have these 70,000 electors continually knocking at their doors? If they gave a vote to those who had some stake in the country they would give general satisfaction, and do away with the great cause for further agi- tation. This was no passing agitation. In the Federal Constitution they had given every man and woman a vote for both Houses. (Mr. Howe—"You know there is no analogy between the Senate and the Upper House.") The Senate had to per- form all the functions of an Upper House. The people would be reminded every three years of the difference between the two Parliaments. The national Parliament of Australia was to be elected by all the people, and the State Parliament, with only petty provincial interests to consider, was elected by a few of them. The elec- tions every three years would be a per- petual protest against the existing state of things. Whether the matter was shelv- ed now or not it was not going to be settled until the people had the rights that were due to them. The difficulty would arise like a ghost every three years, and would compel settlement, either on the lines proposed or the more advanced ones of adult suffrage. He commended the Bill to the House, and asked members to vote for it. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING moved the adjournment of the debate. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON asked if the President would rule whether Mr. Gor- don's amendment was an amendment to the Bill, or whether it would have to be discussed separately. The PRESIDENT—It is an amendment on the motion. The motion is that the Bill be read a second time, to which Mr. Gordon has given notice of an amendment. The Hon. E. WARD—If it is carried the Bill will not be amended. The PRESIDENT—Of course not. The motion is that the Bill be read a second time. The Bill is only amended in Com- mittee. The motion was carried, and the ad- journed debate fixed for Tuesday next. 