Local and General. ArcxioN Sales. — Mr John Bobson will hold a salo of fat and store pigs and mixed cattlo at hiB yards, to-morrow. Dance — A dance is to be held in tho Cen tennial Hall, to-night, tho prooeeds from which are to bo donated to tho funds of the Dungog Junior 0. 0. Wo Hope to ceo a good muBter presont. Cottage Hobpital. — At tho last monthly meeting of the Committee ol tho Dungog Hospital Mr T. Whitohouso wag appointed ?wardsman, Mr Weatring, tho lato officer, having resigned. ThaiAbA. — A correspondent writ03 : — A vory pleaBant social gathoring took placo on Thursday, 9th inst., at Thalaba to eclobrato tho extension of tho church building. A goodlj number assembled in the afternoon at tho Ohuroh grounds and entorcd heartily into tho round of pleasures usual on such occa sions, of tor which refreshments wore partakon of by thoso presont, generously provided by tho members and friends. A publio meeting was afterwards held in tho Church. Pastor D. Watson occupied tho ohair, and notwith standing tlio now addition to tho building, it was filled with a most appreciative audionce. Tho meeting oponed with singing and prayor. Tho chairman then gave a brief address, ex- , pressing the joy ho folt at seeing the wants of j his congrogatioo being provided for, and sin cerely hoped to see tho Kingdom of God ex tended also. Tho following thon contributed to tho harmony of the evening — Misses Borry (2), N. and E. Crowfoot, E. Gorman, O. Yates, B. Brewer, E. Borry, N. Gorman, and Mrs D. Watson, also Messrs J. Borry, W. Cumming, H. J. Donnith, R. Berry, jun., Richmond Borry, and tho Pastor. Messrs E. 0\. Marsh, J. Cox, and R. Berry, son., de livered short and pithy addresses. Mr H. Gcrmon moved a voto of thanks to Messrs Rolton and Borry, tho contractors, for tho manner in which thoy had dono their work, wliioh rollccted tho utmost orcdit upon thom. Mr G. Cox seconded tho resolution, which wbb carried by acclamation, Mr H. Borry re sponding. Tlio Pastor gavo a rosumo of moneys collected to defray tho cost of build ing, whioh Bliowed that tho bulk of tho con tributions had beon received from friends around tho district. A voto of thanks to tho chairman brought to a closo a most successful and enjoyable gathoring. Impoetant Cattle Sale, — Mr E. W. Sparke announces that ho has re ceived instructions, on account of Mr H. H. Brown, of Colstoun, to submit to. publio auction tit Campbell's Hill, 'W. |MaitIand, on Tuesday, 21st inst , a largo number of pure-bred cattlo, comprising Devons, Polled Angus, Jerseys, Shorthorns and Durhams. Mr Bronn'B cattle are known far and wide, ns being of the very beet strains, and no doubt the dairymen and gra ziers of this district will avail them selves of this opportunity to improve and inorenso their herds. Pateuson.— The death of an old identity of Puterson is announced in the person of George Osmond, mana. ger of Dr. Bowker's ?' Bona Vista ' estate. Deceased gentleman was in his 90th year, and had resided at Paterson for over half a century. At one time he was identified with horse racing, having trained such well- known horses as Black Swan, Sir Solomon and otherR. He leaves a large num ber of relatives in this diBtriot. Fevee Ward. — The contraotor, Mr. W. Boots haB made rapid progress with the erection of the new fever ward at tho hospital up to dato, but now we understand he is at a stand still frr the want of matsrial. Kilied by LmiiTNisa. — It is re ported that during tho thunderstorm on Wednesday aftdrnoon Francis Bolt, aged 17, son of Mr. William Bolt, jun., farmer, Bolwarra, was struck by lightning and killed. Tho sad occurrence took place on the farm near deceased parents' residence. Stroud. — The Stroud Racing Club are arranging an attractive programme for a day's racing on Boiing Day, particulars of which will appear in a future issue. Kebuipit Gold Field. — A corres pondent writes: — Peter Zoepbal and ThomaB^Giddey, jun., found some very rich quartz in a reef known as the New Toar's Gift. They found it very nearly on the surface, and crushed two tons at Cooper's battery on the Kerripit River, which yielded 3-loza of smelted gold. There is every like lihood of getting a large parcel of rich Btone. Terrific Storm. — Dungog was visited with a terrific storm on Wed nesday afternoon last. At about 3 45 the Boutbern sky was overcast with clouds of inky darkness ; thunder was heard faintly to rumble in the far. away distance ; gusts of wind swept the streets, raising clouds of dust and sweeping onward pieces or papar and light material. It increased in violence until it almost attained the speed of a tornado, and then rain and hail tum bled down in a perfect deluge. So low down were the rainclouds and fierce the Btorm that the town ap peared to be almost wrapt in darkness. Soon the gntters in the streets were raging torrents, and the hail fell bo heavily upon the roofB of houses that it ia a wonder the iron was not per forated. Fortunately the storm did not last long, but the hail was severe enough to do a considerable amount of damage. Very few dwellings escaped without having Borne windows broken, whilst in several instances nearly every window facing the south was battered in. It continued showery during the afternoon, but another storm was experienced on Thursday morning at about 4 o'clock.- The deafening peals of thunder were like the firing of heovy artillery, and many people rushed from their beds, think ing that a collision with the loBt comet had taken place. One gentleman in town weighed two hailstones that fell on Wednesday afternoon, and they turned the scale at Ijuz .Qu Tor no do not noar of any serious damage being done to the Crops, excepting at Mon kerai and Cos's Creek, where the hail flattened everything, doing great dam age. A steady rain iB falling as we go to preBs. Interesting Ceremony. — On Sun day laBt a representative gathering of people met on the banks of the river at Abbott's Ford to witnesB the bap tism of two candidates who had pre viously applied for this ordinance to be administered to them. At 3 o'clock p.m. Mr D. Watson, PaBtor of the Thalaba Baptist Church, gave out an opening hymn from Sankey's, in the singing of which nearly everyone joined. The whole service through out was very impressive. The PaBtor selected bb his text ' Suffer it to be so now for thns it becometh ub to fulfil all righteousness. After the close of a very able address, in which the speaker Bought to lay before hiB hear, era the necessity of following their Lord wherever he would lead them, and to always look to bim for help, the crowd gathered near the water's edge, so that they might witness the immersion of the two candidates who were there that day, showing to all that they were not ashamed to own their Lord. After the baptism the choir song ' Am I a Soldier of the Croaa,' after which PaBtor Watson pronounced th6 Benediction. Mr Watson hopes it will not be long be fore more will come out and by their actions show that they are truly fol lowers of the Christ who gave to His Disciplea the parting commission ' Go ye and teach all nationB baptising them in the name of the Father, Son and IT )ly Ghost. — Communicated. The Kelly Gang.— To night an Saturday Dungog is to be visited by the Criterion Dramatic Company, who have been appearing with great fluccesa at the Criterion Theatre, Syd ney The Australian drama, the ' Kelly Gang ' ia to be staged; this production has had a run of 12 weeks in Sydney, and the only trouble this company have bad in the country ih that there haB not yet been found a hall large enough to hold the people anxious to see this noted produc tion. The piece depicts in a striring way the leading incidents of the life and capture, of tho daring Australian outlaws, the Kellys The piece is interesting, and for those who relish highly sensational drama it will doubt less prove a powerful attraction. The drama will show tho death of Sergeant Kennedy, the sticking up of the banks at Jerilderie and Euroa, tliu burning of the hotel at Glenrowau, au l the final capture of Ned K'liy and his gatig by the mounted police. Suit able scenery has been painted for the country tour, and the cast is a strong one. There will be a change of pro gramme ou Saturday. The Coy. ap pear at Clarence Town on Monday night. Omitted. — In our., roport of the last monthly meeting of the Hospital Committee the name of tbo Kev. D. Baird, M.A., was inadvertently omitted from the list of those attending the meeting. SoorAL. — On Monday evening last a few personal friends of Dr. Finlay called on him at his residence and pre sented him, through Mr H. C. Dark, with a small addreas in the Bhape of a Christmas card. The Doctor in roply made a feeling speech, and expressed the great regret that he feJt at his early departure from Dungog, but he aBsvred his hearers that bia heart would ever be in Dungog, and he would never forget the pleasant days spent hero. After a very pleasant evening the party broke up at 11 o'clock. A. & H. Association. — A special meeting uf members was held on Wednesday last, there being present: MesBra G. A. Mackay (in the chair), W. Bennett, J. Barnes, T. Irwin, B. W. Alison, A. Henny, H. Beeves, J. Walsh, P. J. Fitzgerald, 0. Osmond, and C. E. Grant, Secretary. The I election of a committeeman in the stead of Mr Kingston took place, and resulted in favor of Mr D. Fraser, Mr T. Irwin raised a point regarding the conducting of elections to fill vacancies, contending that nomina tions should be made iu the manner prescribed for the annual elections, and then a ballot take place. Mr Bennett supported Mr Irwin, but the Chairman ruled that as vacancies had always been filled in the manner adopted that day, he thought it tho correct procedure. The meeting thon wont into committee to consider the prize schedule as submitted by the Bub-committee. The meeting wos ulti mately adjourned for two weeks. 