THE FEDERAL FIGHT. lore Shattered Bogeys, The Black Labour Problem. "Air. Holder, the South Australian Trea surer. . . . accuses some people In Now South WaleB of calling South Australia In solvent," says the "Dally ObslruouonlBt," and then It proceeds to cxplnln, "What we have said, and said- without fear of contra diction, Is that the Commonwealth 13111 makes every Sluto Insolvent, oxuopL from what thoy cun squeeze out or tne reuerui Treasurer. Tho average Antl-Fedornltst represents the other colonics us being in a hopelessly bank rupt condition, driven by pressing ilrimclnl necessities to act like a pack of thieves and robbers to plunder New South "Wales of her rights. The Ingenious attempt on the part of tlio prov'lnclulislH' press ehumplon to wriggle out of the position Indicates that the nooso of the Anti-Federal rope is beginning to pinch. At' the same time the excuse Is a lame nttenipt at bluff. If the States give up their Customs and 'excise revenue to the Com monwealth on the understanding tliut they shall receive the surpltiB hack month by month, and If the Federal Treasurer happens to bo a sufllclently expert voguo to circum vent tlio provisions of tlio bill, tho whole of tho Slutcs will be more or less Insolvent. Similarly, if lliero wus no Customs i evenuo, no receipts from land and income lax,' nnd it nil other sources of revenue failed without rhyme or roanon. New South Wales would be Insolvent by the end of the ensuing week. Tho Impudent policy of misrepresentation on the part of the Anil-Federalists lino failed lgnomlnlously, and a resort, is now being hud to blulf In tlie hope that It may liuvo some effect In bolstering up tlio rnpldly-wuiiliig cause of disunion. If certain unreasonable nnd quite unex pected events happen after tlio Common wealth of AuBtrnlltt Is 'consummated It Is more than likely tluit tho Federal Parllumont will not puss a single measure of legislation. Jt Is pointed out with vigour by tho advocateH of disunion that 'a deadlock may occur oil a bill, and fourteen months might dually be con sumed before a measure In dispute could be come law. Quito apart from tlio obviuus fuot that il deadlock Is extremely Improbable, tho provlnciallsts, us they do In all matters, hulkl their hopes on Improbublo "lfs," und ridicu lous assumptions. When a measure 1s of such Importance us to cause a division of opinion that will entail a deadlock, tho delay that may be oeeusloned can be turned to good account 111 educating the people on the subject so that tliey will be l-oady to give an intelli gent volo when tlio dissolution takes place. Both Houses will bo based. oil the democratic principle of one man one volo, both will bo answerable to the people, and the Senate may he dissolved ut the will of tho Government of the day. In the Constitution ut New South Wales there Is no such comprehensive method of overcoming u deadlock — which, by tlie way, never occurs— as is provided in lliu Federal Constitution. " "None of the other southern provinces pos sesses deposits of Iron ore approaching In ex tent or richness those of Now South Wales. It Is, therefore, probable tliat at some future time tills colony will become the great seat ol tlio Iron industry of Australia." Tlio ubovo quotation, from Coglilnn, is interesting lead ing Mil conjunction with a pnrngrnpli in the junior morning paper' "We shall hencefor ward make all the iron and steel we require, and it will all be mode in New South Wuies." is the most convincing argument Unit- can bo advanced why tills colony should vote for- dis union. Tho iron Imports of Australia amount to about £7.900,099 per year (not £5,UOO,OIIO, us mls-sLnled iu llio paper referred to), and It Is contended that "the duties would probably ralfc'o the cost -to £7,000,090, or £8,000,000 Col by £2,000,000 or £3,000,000). Dr. AlueLuurln, by whom most provlniulullsts swear, expects a 15 per cent. duty. Even supposing for the sake of argument that the consumer paid alt that duly, 15 per cent, on £5,000,000 would ho £750,1)00, not £2,000,000 or £3,000,000. Tho spirit of exaggeration prompts the Anll-Fcdv- rnllsls to muko muny wild usserlionH in their fi antic efforts to stem the tide of Federal fact. Air. Barton will speak to-inorrow night at Petersham and Mr. Rcld at Goulburn, ' "Tho hill necessitates that at least two- thirds of the revenue shall he collected on other goods" (than InloxleunlB and narcotics) is the latest and most audacious mlB-stale- mont promulgated by the solitary Anll-FoUe- ral newspaper In Its lone battle against dally increasing odds. The bill necessitates no thing whatever In the way of revenue raising. The Federal Treasurer will he absolutely free to frame Ills budget as lie likes, under tho freest and most democratic Constitution over known to history, tlio- sole restriction being that lie must hand hack to the Hlates three- fourths of tho not Customs und excise re venue he may think lit to collect. At the same lime he will not be compelled to' raise a single penny through the Customs House. The matter rests entirely with the people of Australia, and It thoy desire a free-trado tariff as low as that ut present prevailing In Now South WulOH all thoy huve to do is elect to tho Federal Parliament men who will give effect to their desires. The average AiillrFedorullst lias a deep- rooted horror of all Federal bills, und bis chief object In life just now is to deter tlie pcoplo from l-oadlng tho bill at present under consideration. Anyone wlio suggests that tlio eloetors might learn something by read ing the bill is ut onco set upon; Every elector should read the' bill, and those who liuvc not yet done so .will bo surprlsod to' find, upon perusal, what little foundation there Is for ull tho bogeys that liavo been sot up, and for all the ghosts tliul lmve been trotted eat by the provlnciallsts. There are several things that the electors would do well to alwuys hear In mind when reading Anti-Federal literature or listening to Anil-Federal oratory. Hero are u few of tliom: Tho Senate will bo elected on the basis of one man one vole; tlie House ot Represen tatives will be elected on the basis of one man line vote; If the UoveriinieiiL of the uny is out ot touch with the people the popular Cnuinour can turn It out of oillce; If the Sen ate is out of touch with the pcoplo the Govern ment cun send its members to tho people; una -therefore the Constitution In this respect Is absolutely democratic, und far more liberal tliun any constitution In the world. Remem bering tlmt it Is amusing to read this morning , tliut "tho rock on which the American Fede ration split wus the bluek labour rock, for the avoidance of which adequate provision Is not made' In the hill." To say that the black labour rook In Ame rica split the Federation Is to exaggerate the circumstances. The trouble did not arise out . of tlio question of alien labour, but from a desire on the ona hund to emancipate the liatlvo coloured population, and on thu other hand to perpetuate slavery. Here our fight Is uguinsl the Asiatic- and tlic< South Sea Is lander, who threaten lis with invasion. The hill provides ample opportunity for dealing Willi the Influx of undesirable aliens, and If the people voting under the freest and broad est franchise that eun bo Invented cannot so control tlio political machine an to givu ex pression In a practical jlray to their views, there Is no method on the face of the earth which can enable. them to do so. To Insinuate that tho black labour ques tion Is going to split tlio Australian Federation Is to offer a direct Insult to the democracy of tho continent. . It is an assumption that there will be a combination of States against New South Wales, and that the labour parlies of Queensland, Tasmania, South Australia, and West Australia favour the black curse; or, us an alternative, that tho whole uf tlie Australi an labour organisations will combine to pro- vent the Federal Farliumeiit dealing with one of the most important social and Industrial problems of modern times. It 1ms also to be remembered that so long ns Australia remulns n collection of disunited Stales, so long will the Kanaka trouble In Queensland continue, mid he Intensified. Only | under Federation can the South Sea Island labour question be dealt with, and not till the' Commonwealth Is consummated can one step I be taken to give effect to the universal desire | ol' "Australia, fur Australians." 