The Protestant Clergy in Council THEIR ATTITUDE TOWARDS THE ? CATHOLIC CHURCH. Xs ? Lbtthk to the Editor. 1 Sir,— At every meeting of Protestant ? parsons two piercing orieB are sent forth on the breoze — tho ono, a helpless lament at their own disunion ; the othor, an execration on Catholic truths and on those sacred objects of devotion whioh a Catholic values as the treasure of bis life, and which are a' solace and ground of hope to him in this world of misery and tears. Regarding their disunion, one Protestant clergyman remarked at the meeting in the Centenary Hull week before last, Unit 'all tho world wondered at thoir separatenesa.' Yos, all tho world wonders 5 not, however, at their -%Boparato/jes»,' but at thoir contra dictions .wliioh are the cause of their soparateness. Where ia the unity of belief among those clorgymen assembled from the various Protestant denominations ? One Protestant parson looks on baptism as necessary for salvation ; another denies this, and will toll you straight out that it does ? not confer any grace whatever. Another, like the Baptists, will tell you that baptism is all- important for an adult, but quite' ?worthless for an infant. T,ho Church of England held the doctrine of baptismal regeneration as a truth taught by God, until some years ago it decided upon making it a truth no longer. On March 8, 1850, tho Privy Oounoil, Bpeaking in the name of the Queen, decided that any' Protestant clergy man might in future with a safe oonsoionoe deny the system of baptism. Thus do tho prophets of Protestantism oontradiot ono another on a vital point affooting salvation. , What shall the laity do ? . Some prophets will say to them, ' Be baptised— eternity depends upon it — for Christ's commission to Hie Ohuroh was, , to preach tho Gospel and to baptise all men in the narno of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,' Others say, ' Wo baptise adults, not children' ; while the re maining prophets insist that tho whole thing is superfluous, 'it beiDg no longer a command of God, for tho Privy Oounoil re voked the command in tho year 1850.' Alas I the blind leading the blind ! It is at their contradictions, not at thoir ' separatenoss ' that tho world wonders. Every man, oven tho benighted pagan, has an instinctive notion that sacred truths must be truths and not a tissue of oontra diotory assertions, The heathen oan readily understand why politicians should differ; but it is not so easy for him to soo why Pro testant clergymen, posing as prophets of the Most High, should difler upon beliefs which by some are cloeme'dNiioce8eary to salvation, though rejected by others as superstitions, Some will have bishops as an order in stituted by Christ; othorb denounoe the thing as pomp and varnish. Again, parsons are to be found in eaoh soot, from Ohuroh of Englandism clown to Congregational ism, who deny tho divinity of Christ ; yet theBo are regarded as prophets in their re spective ohuvohos. What oxaotly the definite teaching of- these prophets is, no ono knows 5 for tho one loudly disowns what tho other assorts, So vague in, all points and so contradictory in most instances in their toddling upon divine truths that one of tho prophotH, Rev. Dr. Ro9eby, at tho previously ?mentioned meeting said that 'union was possible only through largeness of hoart,' But I am strongly of opinion that if oaoh one's heart expanded to the siae of on , elephant, even then the same discordant elements of belief and negation would pro vail in thoir midst. Now for their exooration on the Catholic Ohuroh. One parson remarked that tho Roman Catholic Cluu-oh presented a power ful organisation, bub that it was purohasod by the lossof ' individual oonsoienoo,' This ifl an awful aoouBation, Let me explain the charge, Tho toaohinpa of Saorod Scripture illumine, enlarge and strongthon my in telloobj they enable me to take a aompro henoivo and consistent view of God's deal* , ings with man, to harmonise the natural aud supernatural, the moral and divine law, By that knowledge' I know right and wrong. Now, in the' application of those moral principles, which X have loarnod and formed in my mind, to a particular aotion it is that consoionoe speaks to mo. Conscience ia the praotioal, guido of eaoh man's life, I am tempted to commit a wrong deed ; no ono is looking on, But tlioro is a mysterious voice within me speaking approval to my conduct) and poaoe to my mind, if I roaiflt) ; but if 1 ?yield to tho temptation, i,t speaks to mo of guilt and shame, It in the voioo of oon Boionoo, Thiifl my intellect is instructed ia the principles of the moral law j but when a particular action 1b to bo done it) is conscience that deckles its lawfulness or unlawfulness. Tho moro I know of tho moral ana divine law the moro oloar is my oonsoionoo 5 and though I, may sock advioo from others, Htlll in oaoh particular aotion my own ooiiBoionoo is .the final, court of appeal, and nothing comes between it and my Creator. Despite this faot, at a meeting of Protestant clergy men held last week in the Centenary Hall, ono of the parsons brought against Catholics the ? wicked accusation that they had sacrificed their 'individual conscience.' Therefore, according to him, Catholics oan not judge of a right or wrong action ; must be untrustworthy, diahoneRt, vile, &o.; It is time that the world should wonder at the folly of these parsons. \- 1 must touch on another, point before I shall have done with their meeting. Another Protestant clergyman, Rev. Mr. Harry, be wailed that the Protestant ohurohes had .no hold on the maesos of tho people, although, added he, tho Bible is in every Protestant homo. But, may I ask, what does a poor illiterate man or woman know about the Bible? Tho very principle of Protestant ism is private interpretation of the Bible, that is, eaoh one is to exploiu it for himself, and so pick out of it his Wesleyanism or Congregationalism or Borne iem hitherto unheard of. The poor who are obliged to toil from youth to old age have little leisure or talent to soleot a religion out of it. Parsons, it is true, preach their own views to them, but then that is interference on their part with tho prinoiple of private iu torpretation- ' But Protestant clergymen go further still. For reading, their own views into the texts of the Bible the High Ohuroh party in England are being bullied and tyrannized over. In faob, this prinoiple of ^private interpre tation leads to greater mischief. It leads to doubt and negation. The prophets of Pro testantism .differ amonfj themselves; the people get nothing definite and substantial ; tihore arise distrust and doubt, and finally a half-hearted denial of everything. Tho position of a Oatholio is very dif ferent. He is on a more elevated, intel lectual plain as regards religious ? truths. He has the solemn deorees of tho Oatholic Church to safeguard him from any Berious error. Those decrees ho may examine, analyse, and show to be consistent with reason, They beoomo to him as certain as the existence of God and of himself, Tho Protestant clergyman thinks the Catholic has no liberty as ho doo3 not doubt. But he oanuot doubt 5 he cannot but believe. He has the same intellectual freedom as the man who cannot doubt but that seven and three make ten, or that the oarth goes round the sun. Ho may, indeed, by a perverse life, make shipwreck of that divine gift of faith whioh God gives so strong to the poor and humble, One of the parsons said that the objeot of their meetings was to 'denounoe priest oraft,' The success that attends the efforts of a Oatholio priest they attribute to 'prleat- oraft.' Rather, it is the intensity of their, belief in the saorod ? truths of the Oatho lio Church that makes priests so zealous to lead a life of loneliness and self restraint in order the better to aid others. It is this whioh makes them struggle hard to build schools where Oatholio children oan bo taught their roligion, whero especially the ohilclren of worthless parents may get the priceless blessing of divine truth whioh otherwise thoy could never got. Protestant clergymen, instead of doing likewise, spend their time in protesting against and slander ing Oatholios. In the district in whioh I live there ate hundreds of Protestant children whomever attend even their Sunday school, who arc utterly ignorant of prayer, &o;, The parson never visits the families, never seeks out the stray little ones, beoause —shall I soy it ?—he is a hireling. A Pro tostant olorgyman told' me some time ago that ho received more respeotfrom Catholics than from his own people. OatholioB have faith and reverence, Is it any wonder that the Protestant Ohurohes aro!lo8ing hold on tho masses of tho people, who are drifting into infidelity under their very oycs ? There would some little hope be left for ProteBtant olergy if, instead of abusing Catholics, they would oduoat6 thoir own, instead of destroy ing if thoy would build up,— Yours, &c;, 7m The Holy Father reoeived on Tuesday, April 11, the congratulations of the Cardi nals on the anniversary of his coronation , whioh could not bo celebrated on Maroh 3 owing to his Holinosa's illness. Tho Pontiff' was aarried to the Throne Room is a sedan chair. HiB'roply, which was read by a prelate, expressed thanks to Heaven for his happy recovery, and then proceeded to refer to the Disarmament Conference, Tho Pope ex pressed a warm wish for the suoooss of the Czar's initiative, whioh shod a consoling ray upon thc- dosing century, The aot of rendering more rare and less bloody tho yoke of tho sword paved the1 way for a calmer sooial life, The history of civilisa tion would glorify him who had taken the initiative in this work, and thoy would pray that his ollbrta boar abundant fruits. Tho Papacy had alwayR worked in tho intorosts of poaoo, and with a view to Bottle tho con flicts oE nations. Civilisation, aaid thoPopo, would havo poriahod without tho Papal authority. A copy of tho Pope's spoooh haa boon sont to thotWr. Tho Ruaaian Minister at tho Vatican wont at 01100 to Cardinal Rampolla to oxproaa hia thanks. 