? f H 5 <Mnwbr^aged^o. y f ceiie : The covered terrace of the Hotel |/piffelaip ; -f^m^ifce " terhorn. '. . ^v £rs-., Leigh ton fe^^oopil-ifflTOii^'/tiiie fcotei telescope >t tfie peak^^f the Mat • -..'-„ terhorn. .-.,. Lady Chillworth (approaching) : What re you lookmg at, my dear ? . Mrs. Leighton: I'm looking for my usband. He is on the Matterhorn. Lady Chillworth; Ah, you're young. hen you get to my age you'll find it iser to Hook at your husband through he wrong end Of • the telescope. Mrs. Leighton : I think I see him. ook, a tiny black speck against the ure white snow. Lady Chillworth (after gazing at Mrs. Leighton quietly for a few moments) : What an eloquent description of you and him. Mrs. Leighton : .What, do you mean ? (Nervously.) Lady Chillworth : Oh, my, dear child, you can't deceive me. Do you think I don't know why you're making this dutiful display of interest in your husband ? Mrs. Leighton : But, indeed, I Lady Chillworth : My poor child, you kept your room all day yesterday, and I heard all that passed in it the niglit before last—before your husband left for the Matterhorn—a most unwilling audience, I assure you ; but these foreign hotels, with doors connecting all rhe rooms, like a public picture gallery, are not safe places for husbands to make exhibitions of themselves in. He'<s a brute ! Mrs. Leighton: Lady Chillworth ! Lady .Chillworth (with rising indignation) : Yes, a brute. That bruise on your forehead ! Mrs. Leighton (colouring deeply) : I fell against the chest of drawers, and Lady. Chillworth : He pushed you. I heard him. Mrs. Leighton : No, no—indeed. Lady Chillworth : Yes, he did, and you, like the little heroine you are, fearful lest the truth should be known, <sit here making a display of interest and affection before all these strangers. But you seem to have one devoted friend. Captain Thornton is Mrs. Leighton (with enthusiasm) : Oh, he is such a good, true-hearted Lady Chillworth : No doubt of it, and I'm sure he means well ; but I'm an old woman, and know the world pretty well, and of the two, there's more danger to a young, attractive woman in a sympathetic male friend t,han in a bad husband. Mrs. Leighton : Bur Captain Thornton is a chivalrous gentleman. Lady Chillworth : Granted! And if friendship were possible between the sexes it might be possible with him; but it isn't. Mrs. Leighton : He is the soul of honour. Lady Chillworth : Granted again. Bui he worships the ground you walk on ! Mrs. Leighton (eagerly, then checking herself) : Oh, you don't think that, do you ? I mean I'm sure he Lady Chillworth : Don't try to deceive a woman old enough to be your grandmother. Do you think I don't know a man lin love when I see one ? Mrs. Leighton : But what makes you think he—he—cares for me ? Lady Chillworth : There's no mistaking the look in his eyes. They soften the moment he sees you. I have watched you both. Do you know what heart hunger is ? Mrs. Leighton (feelingly) : Oh yes! (Checking herself) At least, I scarcely think I know what you -mean- Lady Chillworth (grimly) : Quite right. Keep like that. Captain Thornton is a prey to the most acute form of heart hunger, the hunger that gnaws the heart of a man debarred by honour from declaring his love. A woman never mistakes that. Men think we don't know what they feel for us unless we show them we know it. Oh, my dear, what a mistake. I've been through it alL Mrs. Leighton : You ? How sad you look. , Lady Chillworth (sighing) : Sad! I've a woman's memory, child, heartless old worldling though I seem in the eyes of a world that judges by externals I Your case brings back to me a memory, of the past. (A pause.) Mrs. Leighton : Won't you tell me about it ? Lady Chillworth : There's not much to tell. I married young, an undisciplined girl, ignorant of what love meant When I grew to womanhood there eanrti one into my life who changed the meaning of existence for me. I loved him with every; fibreof my nature. Had he asked it "I would have thrown every tie that bound me to the winds. But tie loved my fair hame and honour before all else, and in tbe loneliness of old age, instead of a remembrance of the shame that dings for ever to a stained life, I have the fair memory of J inan's chivalry to liye on. The woman ;iwhoi hMdR^rach ii memory In ber heart"pot t i t ' Mrs. Leigfoton (in a? soft voiee) C;Ir aan so sorry for you. „ . :: ^^iji^rth;: I^ ia lsiHy Few women; are. so fortunately fc|*ama maUlf loye—we musri't n'Mnstn't l The wor&f-Q; t o monopolised by any one else. I s ancy i ^itw^the^ghost of a frown on Ms face \wlsen'' •tt^.^SaT^• morning, m Captain Thbrntoh. -ad&n;'t'^"y-w^ in-j end'to""llo; : tfie'' Mattifribitf time ? • Captain Thornton : NO, I think I have done with the iMajtterhorn now, Lady aiajpwiFie^t^^ceaMaedl ~ It seven times, lit? hg^io^ore ehalrmis^for me. Lady Chiil^wfeth'': How ri4an4ike ! Nothing but the unattained interests you men. Well, we shall meet at table-d'- hote this evening, I dare say. I am going down to Zermatt now. I hope to hear of the safe return of the mountain party when I come baick. Good-bye. (Lady Chillworth nods to them, and leaves them alone together.) Captain Thornton : And so Mr. Leighton has gone to the Matterhorn after all? Mrs. Leighton : Yes, I tried hard to persuade him not la his present state of health I am sure he was not fit to bear the fatigue. Captain Thornton : I saw nothing of you all day yesterday. Mrs. Leighton (.timidly) : No, I—I stayed in my room. I had rather a disturbed night. You see, Mr. Leig'nron started early with his guide for the Matterhorn, and a lot of other people went too, and the clatter and noise made me wakeful. Captain Thornton (after gazing at her): How pale you look, and—what's that—a bruise on your temple ? That wasn't there last time I saw you. Mrs. Leighton : Oh, it's really nothing —nothing at all. I—I fell—it was my own fault. I fell against the chest of dra wers. Captain Thornton (with great emotion) : Oh, my God—he struck you ! Mrs. Leighton (faintly) : No—no—indeed—indeed not. "Captain Thornton (turns away and looks out across the vallej r to hide his emotion. After a pause he returns to her, and. taking both her hands in his, speaks with an effort at self-restraint) : I am so dreadfully sorry for you, I—I can scarcely trust myself to speak to you ; but if the knowledge that you have a devoted friend who would eladlv face death for you is any help, hear it from my lips. Mrs. Leighton (looking up into his faco with rears in her eyes) : Yes, indeed it is a help, a great help. I cannot tell you how great. (She sinks down on to a seat.) Captain Thornton (bending over her) : You look so faint and ill; shall I send for your maid ? Mns. Leighton : Would you mind ? I will go and lie down again, I think. I didn't sleep well last niglit. (Captain Thornton retires. He returns with Mrs. Leighton's maid, and she goes away to her own roo.nJ Six hours later. Evening. (Captain Thornton is smoking on the covered terrace. Lady Chillworth approaches him excitedly, and puts her hand on his arm.) Lady Chillworth: Oh, Captain Thornton—your poor little friend. Such a shock. Her husband ! Captain Thornton (starts) : What of him ? Lady Chillworth: Dead, dead i The news has just come—died on the Matterhorn from exhaustion. He was a dreadful man. but still, he was her husband, and sudden death is always shocking. Captain Thornton (as if in a dream): Dead—dead ? Impossible ! Where is she ? Lady Chillworth : In my sitting-room. I broke the news to her. (A pause.) Come to her—come (laying her hand upon his arm). I understand. Captain Thornton : Has she asked for me V Lady Chillworth : Could she ask ? Come. (They enter Lady Chillworth's sittingroom together. Mrs. Leighton is sitting on the sofa. Captain Thornton sits down by her. Taking her hands in his he draws her gently to him, and she bursts into tears.)—S. T. S., in Bla)ck and White." 