THE OLD UNIFORM. .Ono of my desk-mates in the office at the ministry of war was an ex-non-com mi.ssioned officer, Henri Vidal. He had lost his left arm in the Italian cam paign, but with his remaining hand he executed marvels of caligrnphy—down to drawing with one pen-stroke a bird in the flourish of his signature. A good fellow, Yidal ; the type of the upright old soldier, hardly forty, with a sprinkling of grey in his blonde imperial —he had been in the Zouaves. We all called him Pere Vidal, more respect fully than familiarly, for we all knew his life of honour and devotion. He lived in a cheap little lodging-at Urenelle, where —on the money of liis cross, his pension, and his salary—he managed to support his widowed sister and' her three chil dren. Three thousand francs for five people ! No matter, his redingote, the empty left sleeve caught to the third button, was always brushed as if for parade ; and so seriously did he take his red ribbon, invariably fresh, that he took it out of his buttonhole whenever he caiTied a pairof boots or trousers or went on any comnionplacu errand. As.at that, time, I, too, was living in the southern, suburb of Paris, I often walked home with P<5re. Vidal,and I used to make him tell of his campaigns as we passed near the mi li tary school, meet ing at every . step—it was at the close of the Empire—the splendid --.uniforms of the Imperial Guard, green chasseurs, white lancers, and the dark and .magnificent artillery oflicers, black and gold, a cos tume worth while getting killed in. Sometimes, on hot evenings, I treated my companion to - absinthe ; out of economy he never drank.: On these occasions the. ex-sold'.er,who had become a sober paterfamilias, and hadlost'the habit of' the parrot, would rise from the. table with a touch of heroic drunkenness in his brain, and the rest of the way I was almost certain to hear some tale of war. ; One evening—I -believe -that Pere Vidal had had two glasses of absinthe — as wo walked along the hideous .Boule vard de Grenelle, he stopped suddenly before a military okl-clothes shop— there are many like it iii that quarter— a dirty, sinister den, showing in its win dow rusted pistols, bowls full of buttons, and tarnished epaulets ; in front were hung, amid sordid rags, a few old oflicers' uniforms, rain-rotted and sun burned ; with the slope-in at the waist and the padded shoulders, they had an almost human aspect. Vidal, seizing my arm with his right hand and turning his slightly tipsy gaze on me, raised his stump to point out one of the uniforms, an African officer's tunic, with the kilted skirt and the three gold braids making a figure eight on the sleeve. " Look " he said; " that's the uni form of my old corps, a captain's tunic." Drawing nearer lie made out the num ber engraved on the buttons, and went on with enthusiasm : " My" regiment! The First Zouaves ! " Suddenly his hand shook, his face darkened ; dropping his eyes, he mur .mured, in a horror-stricken voice :> " Moil Dieu, what if it were his." Then brusquely turning the coat about, lie showed me in the middle of the back a little round hole bordered by a black rim—blood, of course—it made one shudder, like the sight of a wound. " A nasty scar," I said to Pere Vidal, who had dropped the garment and was hastening away. And foreseeing a tale 1 added to spur .him on: "It's not usually in the back that bullets stnke captains of the Zouaves." He apparently did not hear me; lie mumbled to himself: •• How could it get there ? It's a long way from the battle field of Melegnano to the Boulevard of Grenelle ! Oh, yes, I. know—the carrion crows.that follow the army; the strippers of the dead ! But why just there, two steps from the military school where the other fellow's regiment is stationed ? He must have.passed; lie must have re cognised it. What a'ghost" !" " See here, Pere Vidal," said I, vio lently interested, ." stop your muttering, and tell me what the riddled tunic re calls to you." Except for the two absinthes, I doubt if lie would have spoken,, for he looked at me timidly, almost suspiciously. Sud denly, with a great eflprt, he began: " Wei 17 tli(Bn7here"pira76rV;lhu'"'»t6ry;". I can trust you; you will tell me frankly, on your honour, if you think my conduct, excusable. Where shall I begin? Ah, I can't give you the other man's sur name, for he is still living, but I will call him by the name he went under in the regiment—Dry-Jean—and he de served it, with his twelve'drinks at the stroke of noon. "He was sergeant in the Fourth of the Second," my regiment, a good fighter, but fond of quarrel and. drink—al 1 the bad habits of the African soldier; brave as a bayonet, with cold, steel-blue eyes and a rough-red beard On his tanned cheeks. When I entered the regiment, Dry-Jean had just re-enlisted. He drew his pay and went ono three days' spree. He and two companions of the same kidney rolled through the low quarters of Algiers in a cab, flying a: tricolour bearing the words ' It won't last for ever.' It did wind up with a knock-down fight at a Moorish woman's dive. She got a kick that did lier up. Dry-Jean a cut on the head from a tringlo that nearly finished him, a fortnight in the guard-room, and the loss of his stripes—the second time he had lost them. " Of well-to-do parents with some education, he would have risen to be an officer long before if it had not been for his conduct. Eighteen months later he got his stripes back again, thanks to the indulgence of the old African captain who had seen him under fire in Kabylie. Hereupon our old captain is promoted chief cf battalion, and they send us out a captain of twenty-eight, a Uorsicari named Uentili, just out of school, a cold, ambitious, clever fellow, very exacting, hard on his men, giving you eight days for a speck of rust on your gun or a but ton ott your gaiters ; .moreover, never having served in Algeria, not tolerating fantasia or the slightest want of'disci pline. The two took a hatred to eacli other from the first; result, the guard room for l)ry-.)ean after every drinking bout. When the captain, a blackavised little fellow, asstiflas a bristle, with the mustaches of an angry eat, Hung his punislnrent at Dry-Jean's head, adding curtly,'I know you-,my man,and I'll bring you to order !' Dry-Jean answered never a word aiid walked quietly away to do pack-drill. But all the same, the cap tain might have come ofl his high horse a bit had he seen the rage that reddened the sergeant's face as he turned his head and the hatred that flashed through his terrible blue eyesS. " Hereupon the emperor declares war ■ against the Aus^rians, and we are shipped ofl to Italy. But let me come at once to the day before the Battle of Melegnano— where I left my arm. you know. Our battalion was camped in n little village, and before breaking the ranks the captain had made us a ,speech —rightly enough—to remind us that we were in a friendly country and that the slightest injury done to the inhabitants would be punished in an exemplary way. During; the speech, Dry-Jean - a little shaky on his pins that morning, and for the best of reasons—shrugged l'is shoulders slightly. Luckily the enptain didn't see it. " At midnight a noise woke me. I sprung from my heap of straw into the farm- yard,' and in.the moonlight I saw a group of comrades and peasants wresting from the arms of Dry-Jean, raging like a lion, a handsome,wench, dishevelled and half dressed, who was calling loudly on the Madonna and all the saints. I was hastening to help, when Captain Gentili arrived. With one look—the 'Corsiean had a paralyzing way—he cowed the ter rilied sergeant ; then reassuring the Lombard girl by a few words in Italian he held up a trembling linger before the scoundrel and said: " ; Dogs like you deserve to have their brains blown out; as soon as i ean see the colonel, you lose your stripes again, this time for good. There's to be light ing to-morrow; try Lo get killed.1 " Sure enough, atdawn the cannonade awoke us. The column formed, and Dry Jean -never had his cursed blue eyes glittered more ominously—placed him self beside me. The battalion moved for ward ; we were to dislodge the white coats, who, with their cannon, occupied Melegnano. Forward, march! At the second kilometer the Austrians' grape shot cut down fifteen of our company's men. Then our ollicers, waiting for the order to charge, made us lie down in the grain-field, sharp-shooterwise; they re mained standing naturally, and our cap tain wasn't the least straight of the lot. Kneeling in the rye, we kept on firing at the battery, which lay within range. Suddenly some one jogged my elbow. I turned and saw Dry-Jeah, who was look ing at me, the corner of his lips raised leeringly, lifting his gun. " ' Do you see the captain he said, nodding in that direction. . " 'Yes, what of it ?' said I, glancing at the 'officer, twenty paces ofl. • " ' He was foolish to speak to me as he did last night.' " With a swift, precise gesture, he shouldered liis arm and fired. I saw the. captain—his body bent backward, his head thrown up. his hands beating the air for an instant—drop his swovd "and fall heavily on his back. ' Murderer !' I cried, seizing the ser geant's arm. But he struck me with the butt'of his rifle, rolling me over, and exclaiming : " 1 JTqol ! prove that I did it!' " I rose in a .rage, just as all the sharp shooters rose likewise. Our colonel, bareheaded, on his smoking horse, pointed his sabre at the Austrian bat tery, and shouted : : "■•Forward, Zouaves ! Out with your bayonets !' , " Could I do otherwise than charge with the others ? What a famous charge it was, toe !'• Have you ever.seen a high sea dash on a rock ? Each company rusheduplikea Breaker on a reef. Thrice the battery was covered with blue coats and red trousers, and thrice we saw the earthwork re-appear .with its cannon jaws, impassable. " But our company, the fourth, was to snatch the prize./ In . twenty leaps I reached: the redoubt; helping myself with my rifle butt 1 crossed the talus. I had only time to see a blonde mous tache, a blue cap, and a", carbine barrel "almost touching me. Then- "1 thought niy arm flew oft. I dropped my gun, fell dizzily on my side • near a gun-cairiage wheel, and lost consciousness. " When I opened my eyes nothing was to be.li(;ard but distant musketry. The Zouaves', forming adisordered half circle, were shouting ' Vive l'Empereur !' and brandishing their rifles. " Aii old general followed by his staff galloped up. He pulled up his- horse, waved his- gilded helmet gayly, and cried : Bravo, Zouaves ! You are the first soldiers in the world !' V " I., found myself ;sitting near the wlieel'. supporting-mypoor broken paw, when suddenly I remembered Dry-Jean's awful crime.:,. At that ...very instant lie stepped out of the ranks toward the general. He had lost his fez, and from a big gash in his close-Shaven liead ran a trickle of blood. Leaning on his gun with one hand, witlr the other he held out an Austrian flag,, tattered and dyed .red—a flag lie had taken. The general gazed at him admiringly. Hey there, Bricourt!' turning to one of his stafl; ' look at that if you please. What men !' ' " Whereupon Dry-Jean, in his canaille voice, spoke up : " Quite, so my general. But you know —the First Zouaves—there are only enough left for once more !' • " • I would like to hug you for that!'. cried the general: ' you'll get the cross, ;yoiuknow ' ; ;andstill repeating, ' what men !' lie said to his aide- de-camp sohie tliiiie- I didn't understand—I'm no scholar, you know. But I remember it perfectly: ' -Worthy of Plutarch, wasn't, it." Bricourt ?' : ".At that very moment itlie pain was too much for me and I fainted. You know the rest. I've often told you how they sawed oft my arm and how I drag ged along in delirium for two months in the hospital. In my sleepless hours I used to ask myself if it was my duty to accuse Dry-Jean publicly. But could I prove it? And then I said : . 1 lie's a scoundrel, but lie's brave ; lie killed Captain Gentifi. but lie took a llag from the enemy,' Finally, in my convales cence, I learned that as a reward for his courage Dry-Jean had stepped up into the Zouaves of the Guard and had-been decorated. Ah ! at first it gave me a disgust at my own cross which the •colonel, had pinned on me in .the hos pital. \ret Dry-Jean deserved hisj too ; only his'Legion of Honor ought to have served as the bull's-eye for the squad detailed to put him out of existence. " It's all far away now. I never saw liini again ; he remained in the' service and I became a good civilian. But just now; when I saw that uniform witii its bullet-hole—God knows how it got there —hanging a stone's-t.lirow from the barracks where, the murderer^ is. it seemed to me that the cajSlain,the.crime still unpunished, was. clamoring for justice." ■' • . . : : I did my utmost to quiet Pere Vidal, assuring him'that he had acted for the. best! Five days later, on reaching tlie office, Vidal, handing me a paper folded at a certain paragraph, murmured gravely: " What did I.tell you?" I read : "Another victim of intemperance. • —Yesterday afternoon, oh the Boule vard de Grenelle,1 a certain Jean Mallet, known as Dry-Jean, sergeant i irthe Zouaves of the Imperial G uard who with two companions had been drinking " freely, was seized 'with delirium tremens while looking at some old uniforms hanging in a sec ond-hand shop. He drew his bayonet -and dashed down the street to the terror of all passers-by. The tvo privates; .•villi liini had the utmost difficulty iii securing the madman, who shouted ceaselessly : ' I am not a murderer, I took an Austrian flag at Melagnano !' It seems that - the latter.statement is true. Mallet was decorated for this feat; his .ad diction to drink has alone prevented liini from rising in tlie ranks. Mal let was conducted to the military hospital of Gros-Caillon, whence he will soon be transferred to Charen ton, for it is doubtful if. he can re eovttr liis venson."'., . . As I returned the paper to Vidai, he looked at me meaningly,and concluded : " Captain Gentili was a Corsican—he has avenged himself 1 " 