PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH. TuE anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Church was celebrated on Sunday 1 rat. In the morning the sermon was preached by the Rev E. Crozier. The Rev. G. Jares addressed the children Aind others in the afternorm, and also preached the evening sermon. The attendances were affected by the in clement weather. It may be mentionad that throehurob has recently been renovated, aind now presents a much improved appearance. The interior has been painted and varnished, and the rostrum re ctrpeted Tihe posi tion of the choir has been changed, the members now sitting on the right of the preacher. On Tuesday evening the anniversary was further celebrated by a tea and publi? oseting. There wao a good attendtnco at the tee, aboait 170 sitting down. One table wras eprovided bh its. Ashley and Mrs. Rose, and another by Mrs. H. Kadwell and Mrs. J. Grunsell. The remAinder were furnished with contributions from lady members of the con gregation, and the repast was an excellent one. The after meeting was held in the church, and was fairly attended. After the singinc of a hymn prayer was offered by the Rev J. W. Wiuspear. Tihe Mayor was then called upon to preside. He said it was with the very greatest pleasure he re sponded to the invitation to be present. He con gratulated the congregation upon having sueach a particularly nice building to hold their services in. SHe did not think that there was a better appointed little church in Goulburn. He thought that the establishment of a vigorous off-hoor of the parent church here was a good thing for the eommunity. There were many worthy people who looked for ward to the time when all the branches of the Christian faith would be drawn into one huge powerful church. HIe for one did not think one huge autocratic and dogmatic church would be a particularly good thing for the world. It was utterly impossible to got any large body of people to think alike, and he thought each should be allowed to follow his own inclinations, and so long as they all obeyed the doctrines laid down in the good book they could not go very far wrong. If each obeyed the great commandment, do unto others as ye would that thay should do unto you, whatever church he belonged to he would be doing his best for the com munity at large. Mr. W. James sang in pleasing style the solo, " The Old Village Churchyard." The Rev. E. Crozier said hie was pleased to see sueach a large audience. Looking back on the past year they had no reason to be dissatisfied. They had not attained to their ideals, and yet considering the fact that very many families had left Goulburn and very few had come to replace them he thought they had great reason for thankfulness that they had in some measure been able to hold their own in connection cith their church agencies. Their Sunday-school was in a very flourishing state; they had a oplended Christian Endeavour Society; during the year they had established a Junior Endeavour Scoiety with a good membership: and the Band of Hope was flourishing. Turning to the finances, the Rev. Mr. Crozier said that the circuit fund was balanced up to date, which meant that the minister's salary and all expenses had been met. During the year £25 had been spent on re-furnishing the parsonage. The parsonage trust account showed a balance on the right side of £2 6s 2d. The church account showed an outgo of £148 3s 5d and an income of £100 is 101d, leaving a balance of £11 18s 5.d; but there was an out standing account in connection with the renovation of the'church of £1?J 10s. The school-room had also been renovated. The amount owing on the parsonage was £500 and on the church property £300. The speaker referred to the generosity of the Royal Insurance Company in recognising a lia bility which did not legally exist. Miss Gilbert sang vary sweetly the solo, " The Beautiful Gate," and the choir sang an anthem in good style. The Rev. J. W. Winspear, the next speaker, spoke in warm terms of praise of the appearance of the church and the excellent appointments of the building. On esuch occasions as these they were re minded of the mission which the Church of Christ had been left and how it had succeeded during the centuries it had existed. It had seemed fromni time to time that the church would fail ; yet when they saw through the failures to the progress which had really taken place one could but wonder and admire. The rev. speaker spoke in eloquent terms of the faith of the disciples when Christ had apparently left them and their joy at the manifesta tion of the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost was present with His church yet. The spirit of God prepared the disciples to start out on their mission. Yet there were not immediately signal successes granted to the Apostles. The rev. speaker traced the gradual progress of the early church, and re ferred to the wonderful strides it had made after itse small beginnings. So it was with its subsequent history. It was constantly said now that the church was not up-to-date. Proportionately the church never stood so well or anything like so well in the history of Christendom as it did today. Mr. Mustard sang the solo, "The Holy City." and Mrs. Taylor contributed " Angels Ever Bright and Fair." The Rev. G. James, who was called upon for an address, said he was pleased to see the Mayor there. Some Mayors would not condescend to patronizeo a religious meeting. He (the speaker) had spent eight years in Goulburn, and he was here when the church was in Bradley-street. He preashed the opening sermons of the existing church, and had been present at ceremonies in connection with, the openings of other local churches. He was pleased to see friends with whom be had labdured in the past. He con gratulated the congregation on the great reduction of the trust liabilities, which showed the practice of much self-denial. The rev. gentleman said a few words on the subject of Christian loyalty loyalty first to Christ and then loyalty to the church to which they belonged. He said that doctrines wore being taught in the name of Christianity that had very little in common with its principles or its spirit. They must be loyal to Christ and soldiers in His army. Being loyal to their church did not mean that they did not think anybody right but themselves ; but did mean that the church which they had voluntarily chosen to assccia'o with should have their first considoration and their support. Miss Morgan sang "The Star of Bethlehem," after which a collection was taken. The Mayor in announcing tihe collection expressed the opinion that it would be better for a committee of the con gregation to take over the finances altogether and entirely relieve the minister from the burden. Mr. R. Lemon gave a splendid rendering of "The Nightless Land," and met an encore by repeating the last verse. Thanks were tendered to all who had assisted. In connection with the choir the names of Miss and Mr. Walker were mentioned. The resolution was moved by the Rev. l,. Crozier and seconded by Mr. H. Kadwell The Mayor replied. An item having been rendered by the choir, the proceedings closed with the benediction. The acermponiments during the evening were admirably played by Mrs R Lemon. 