PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY. 26th Year. TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1899. Though the House of Commons has, by a large majority, adopted the fina ncial proposals of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, including the increased import duties on wines, there is yet a possibility that in Committee the House will modify the latter so as either to except colonial wines from their operation or, as the Agents-General now suggests, reduce the duty from sixpence to three pence per gallon when levied upon colonial wines. In the opinion of Mr. Burgoyne, head of the London firm of Australian wine importers; the duties will operate in favor of rather than against colonial wines, by blocking the importation of the lower class wines which are bringing theAustralian trade into disrepute. Theduties,he says,have already given the trade a considerable impetus, and will "save the colonial wine industry." Sir CharlesDilke the other day stigmatiied the duties as an attempt "to sit" upon a promising colonial industry. Now Earl Resebery, the one time Liberal leader, and still influetial in the sounnsels of .his palty, pronounces unhesitatingly against them. Speaking attheCity LiberalClub on Friday night, Lord Rosebery de blared that if it were to achieve political predominance theLiberalpartymust e come Imperialistic, Imperialism mean ing a larger patriotism, and most recon struct itself upon these lines. As to this there is very much to be said, as Lord Rosebery has probably already found. But when His Lordship passed from generalities to particular criticism he took lines which will find very general endorsement-in Aus tralia at least. Jibing at the Conser vative Administration, the outward and visible, expression of the Im perialism that is supposed to be the actuating motive of the England of to day, it was impossible, he said, to im agine a more impolitic and melancholy method of practising Imperialism, so loudly preached, than that constituted by'the taxation of colonial wines. He also strongly condemned the " miser able contribution," of £20,000, towards the cost of the Pacific cable scheme ofered by the Imperial Government. The niggardlinessof this offer,according to;Sir Sandford Fleming, a member of the Cable Construction Committee, has dealt a fatal blow to the scheme of a State owned British cable, and in volves retrogression in the Imperial movement. The "Times" is inclined to be in agreement with Sir Sandford, insisting that towards so great- an Imperial movement. the Government should adopt a policy broad' and generous. Altogether the Conser vative Ministry does not appear to be having a happy time. The truth is 'that it has created Im perial. anticipation the realisation of wlfich is made impossible by the tra ditional fiscal policy of England, and any serious attempt to realise which would almost certainly be fraught with grave mischief to Great Britain, both at home and over the seas. The hope is that the agitation in opposition to the wine duties will be quietly dropped. This is desirable in the first place, because it is well for neither .Engla.d nor the colonies that there should be' inserted the thin edge of preferential trade within the Empire. It is desirable, urgently- desirable, in the second place, because when not inmpertinent it is grotesquely absurd for States of high protective tariffs, such as' are Victoria and South Australia, to whine when a very moderate and purely revenue impost is levied upon one" of their products by people who have to' pay extravagant toll on all they send to the protestant colonials. The hope is that there will come a day when Federated Australia will'have a tariff assimilating closely to that of Great Britain-.to that under the bene ficent operation of which Great Bri tain has grown great and prosperous. Then, and not till then, will it be pos sible to make a satisfactory arrange ment as to Empire trade. Great Britain continues to prosper in China, Russia now agreeing that both the engineer and the financial controller of the Northern railway from Shanghai Kuan to Newchang, in Manchuria, shall be British. Yielding to popular diesatisfaction,reflected in Parliament, with the Italian. policy, ignominously onsuc' cessful, in China, the Ministry of General Pel loux has resigned. A mutually satisfactory arrangement as ti conflicting interest in Siam has been concluded between Great Britain and France. Under this France has agreed to abandon the seaport of Chanbabun and the neutral zone on the right bank of the Mekong, and to cede to Siam the fortified town ol Luang Prabang. In return the direction oel public works and Educatipn in Siam will hI entrusted exclusively to" Frenchmen. Great Britain will probably obtain possessiod ol Rahinam, on the Burmese side of Siam. The cause of the oppressed Uitlanders 0o the Transvaal is growing in popular favor in Great Britain, where, already, 14 public meet ings have unanimously and enthusiastically declared m support of the petition, signed by 21,000 Uitlanders, preying the Queen to secure for them the redress of their grievances. This is the petition as to the wisdom of receiving which Mr. Chamberlain recently declared there could be no doubt. In this connection ,it is only fair to say that a memorial expres sive of confidence in Boer administration has been signed by 9000 Uitlanders. i The latest condemnation of President Kruge comes from Paris, " Les Debate," a leading journal, referring in severe tgrms to the "strange obstinacy" displayed by Presi dent Kruger in refusing redress to the Uit landers, and declaring the intervention of Greal Britain to be not surprising. Mr. Chamber lain has unhesitatingly pronounced, in a des patch to the Boer Government, against the dy namite monopoly enjoyed by a few German firms in the Transvaal, any extension of which he affirms, will be regarded by Great Britain as an infringement of the Convention of 1884 The Transvaal Governnient resents this in terference in a matter of "purely personal con cern," claimiaig that it has the exclusive righ' to fix the conditions for the manufacture amn I disposal of dynamite within its territory. Final arrangements for the great Peac Conference to meet, at the convention of the Czar, at the Hague, on the 18th inst. havs been completed. For obvious reasons the Con ference will deliberate in private. But it determinations will be communicated to the Dr. Cooper, Coadjutor Bishop of Ballarat, last night lectured, to a large and highlt appreciative audience, in the Horalian: Mechanics' Hall, on Birmingham. The lectur was most entertaining and eloquent and for considerably over two hours the lecturer, as he told 'of the growth and the greatness of the Midlands capital, maintained the unflagging attention and interest of his auditors. The lecture was illustrated by a series of miagnifi cent views, shown by an oxy-ether light, skilfully manipulated by Messrs. J. C. Druce and Edward Fraser. The Rev J. B. Johnstone presided, and during the evening songs were rendered by Misses Male Barrett and May Garland and Messrs. Steers (of Stawell) and Goss. A comprehensive vote of thanks was accorded, on the motion of Mr. Pearse, seconded by Mr. Hcki?-. - ' An unexpected announceme a the Ballarat Anglican Chu', on Friday. Bishop Thornto ~-lusion of an address revie'- ' L , the sesa sion, intimated tha' d emaking way for a successor of next year. Dr. Thornton rema?ldly e had often de precated the tenu , nol sme parish for a very long term teo,,! -,ay the one incom bent, and in his. :sq ',-J completed a qnuar ter of a century , ii' ," Without committing himself to dates, ''d dIld yet state that he had taken into cc''e Is "om the advisability of retiring in fa or of a fresh bishop, with different ~ifts ~rd characteristics, and more senguRne spint. On Sotorday nvct t tcir IHorsham yards, Messrv. 'X..:'' l~;s. ,ill hold an important speciae . ? !f dcc:, whoo they will offer 10,000 .-"?- -h', iLc.0 f-. o'b 'o, 200 head of store c.:'!, Iald !0 hIbes, ?hcelding sis stallior. The infant child of Mr. and Mrs. Devlin died, in the Horsham District Hospital, on Saturday Mrs. Devlin and two of her chil- dren has been for some time inmates of the hospital,suffering from typhoid fever. Yes- terday another of Mr. Devlin's sons, who had fallen a victim to fever, was admitted to the institution. For the month cif Ifayu s far' L38 points of points of rain have falliu. For fresh caaer of dlphthori, .dl frem Jung Jung,'bav' be'ei admitted to the Horeham 'District Ho;'itL-l, verry bed in 'laieh is now oscried. A', tbo,: Ll?oid cas earvpcpogreaing satinfactorityl Ose nlow c. h?ii been ad mited. ' . . Samuel John James O'Donnell and Henry John Alloock, two lads, were charged at the 2 Horsham Police Court yesterday, before 1 Messers. Twyerees and Curran, J,P. with lar- a ceny of a pound of butter, a bottle of oil and a 1 strap, valued in all at T7, the property of John e Brimacombe. The storyof thearrestingoflfcer, t Police- Constable Baudinette, was that c on Sunday last he had noticed the accused hanging suspiciously about seve ral hotel yards, and that he was following them, Mr. Kenny, of the Farmers' Union Hotel, made a complaint that some articles had been stolen from the groom's room. The constable later on came up with the accused £ and arrested them. In one of Allcock's pockets was found a pound of butter, wrapped in a paper bag bearing Mr. Brimacombe's name. This Allcock said he had purchased from Mr. Bell of the Coffee Pot store. The oil and strap were subsequently recovered. Police Sub Inspector Charles applidd for a remand until Friday to permit of the attendance of Mr. Brimscombe. Mr. Power, who represented O'Donnell, stoutly resisted the application for a remand in so far as he was concerned. There was apparently nothing more against him than that he had been in the company of the other lad. Mr, Twycross was of a similar opinion. Mr. Charles said another charge, the theft of a bottle of brandy, would also be preferred against the lads. O'Donnell would suffer no hardship by the remandP as he was on bail, which could be re-. newed. Mr. Power argued that the nature of the second charge should be at once divulged so thatthe court would know whether it was justified in remanding upon it. It was not fair that the accused should be arrested on one charge and then have another sprung upon them. Either the second charge should be stated and explained, or. O'Donnell should be be let go. After a little consideration, the bench remanded both accused until Friday, allowing each bail in £10. Within a few minutes bail was found, and both boys were set at liberty. Sohier'. waxworks, said to be the most com plete exposition of the kind that has left Mel bourne, will open a season of five nights in the Mechanics' Hall this evening. Besides the wax figures, which include notabilities of all classes, the management give a sleight of hand entertainment of great merit, Professor Davis being an artist in this line. He exposes the well-known slate writing and cabinet tricks of the spiritualists, the exposure, as always, creating a furore. An excellent ventriloquial entertainment is also given, and the loud speaking gramaphone is introduced. His fronds will learn with regret that Mr. Frank Williams, J.P., is, and has been for some days, confined to his bed with a bad leg, the result, he thinks, of a thistle prick getting into the flesh. His speedy complete recovery will be hoped for. A conference, convened by the Lowan Shire Council, to consider the position of munici palities in regard to arrears of Vermin Proof Fencing loans that have accumulated in re spect of lands that have been forfeited to the Crown, will be held at Horsham, in the Wim mere Shire Hall, on Saturday, 17th June. The latest figures of the Federal Referendum I in South Australia' are-Yes, 65,616; No, f 17,166 ; federal majority, 48,450. With the in formal votes (10,828), altogether 93,610 votes were polled, Mr. Bunbury, successorto Mr H. W. Searle, formerly letter carrier, but now clerk in the Horsham Sub-Treasury, arrived from Mel bourne yesterday, and will commence his duties as letter carrier at Horsham to-day. Quail are very plentiful just now, and last week some splendid shooting was enjoyed about Horsham. Colonels Price and Otter a visited Warracknabeal last week, and, under the guidance of Captain Palmer, shot about a 40 brace. The Horsham Borough Council meets to night. The business sheet is a light one. The Council of Agricultural Education in vite applications for admission of students to the Longerenong College, where it is proposed 1 to open a school of practical agriculture. The ° fee if £15 per annum, payable half-yearly. S Dean Parkyn,of Ballarat,has been appointed Masonic Grand Chaplain for the ensuing year. f A correspondent writes :-Messrs. W. T. o Curtis and Blight, of South Wonwondah, are t mentioned aslikely candidates .to contest the f representation of the South Riding of the Arapiles Shire with Retiring Councillor Strange in August. At the Horsham Police Court on Friday, Mr. Rowan, P.M., fined Arthur Crete and Ernest Crute each 10s for stripping wattle at Wartook without a license. Mr. John Elliott, SCrown lands bailiff, was the informant, and the defendants pleaded guilty. s MY. J. H. Pound, is still seriously ill with asthma and bronchitis. His medical attendant, DI r. Ritchie, anticipates that the illness will be of some considerable duration. The Horsham branch of the W.C.T.U. held a the monthly meeting in the Temperance Hall on Wednesday. It was reported that success r ful cottage meetings had been held at Green a Park and Church Hill, and that temperance literature had been distributed at the hospital \- and railway station. The superintendent of E- the "Frances Willard Club" stated that two E new members have been initiated,makinga total membership of 35. i The Horsham Brass Band, led by Mr. H. [ Foster, gave an enjoyable recital of music in n Firebrace street on Saturday evening. The condition of Mr. J. Homden, of Nati n muk, who recently underwent a serious 1 operation in the Horsham District Hospital, is highly critical. SThe monthly meeting of the Horsham d Ladies' Benevolent Societywas held on Friday. There were premsent-Mesdames Turner (presi dent), Gray, Cross, Millar, Stafford, Kruger, Peart and Miss Bennett. Accounts amount Sing to £11 17s 3d were passed for payment. SThe visitors for the month are Mesdames SMillar and Peart. Several changes have been made within the past few days in the appointments of the Catholic clergy of the Wimmera missions. The Rev. Father D. Foley is preferred from Nhill to Warracknabeal; the Rev. Father Riordan (forrerly of Warracknabeal), from the St. Arnaud curacy to the charge of the Nhill mission; and the Rev. Father McAuley, now Sassistant priest at Nhill, to the curacy of St. r Arnaud. A second iriest atWarracknabeal Swill not be appointed for a few months time. All the police who were sent to Gatton to make investigations regarding the murders at Sthat place have now returned to Brisbane. Mr. Arthur Dawe, butcher, died at War racknaboealon Friday from typhoid fever. Tlieinnual how of te Jeparit A. and P. Society-will be held on Friday. 6th October. Mr. G. D. McCormick, P.M., who is suffer- ing from a severe attack of influenza and bronchitis, has had to obtain sick leave. Mr. S.Rowbottom, of the Esneralla Flats, has some fine dairy cows, writes the Mac arthurcorrespondent of the "Spectator." On Monday morning he brought in to the factory the milk of two young cows, not previously tested separately. No. 1 gave 221be of milk, 13lbe of milk to llb of butter, weakly yield 11 Ibs 13ozs; No. 2, 25lbe of milk, 14.41be of milk to lib of butter, weekly yield 121bs 2ozs. Neither of these cows get any hand feeding, grass being very plentiful. They are small in size, being of Ayrshire and Jersey blood. Progress is being made with the construction of the three mallee railways. On the Birchip to Cronombylidse the rails have been laid for 15 miles out of the 26, and the ballasting is keep ing pace with the platelaying. On the line from Jeparit towards Albr~cutya, the earth works are almost completed, and platelaying has been commenced, about 1 mile of rails having so far been put down. The Quamnba took to Ultima section was commenced about a month ago, and the earthworks are now in full swing, about 250 men being employed upon them. Some little excitement was caused on Satur day morning by the bolting of a horse attached to a Chinaman's delivery cart. The animal took fright whilst its owner was oeupied at business in a shop, and bo't d down Firebrace street, along Wiblson-street, and turned into genny's yard, where, owing to the gates at the far end being shut, its progress was stopped About 30 vehicles were in the yard at thetime, but through the systematic arrangement for storing aes the hoare cleared every obstacle. No damage wr s done The manager of the Longerenong Experi meontalfarm states that the report in a Mel. bouCrne peper to the effect that la?t seeaon wheat cropis still on hand is incorrect. Over 2000 bhag of wheat were gathered in, of which f 1500 bags were disposed of early in the season, f at top market value, and only 500 bags are on c hand. The returns from the college lands last I season were the largest since it was opened, I there being abundance of wheat and other pro duce. Mr. McAlpine, pathologist of the Agricul tural Department, visited the Longerenong College last week for the purpose of carrying I out experiments with the planting of smut a wheat. The worst samples of smut wheat to e be had in the district, that suitable to germinn ation,were subjected to different treatment be- t fore sowing under the direction of Mr. McAl pine. . The Education Department are exhibiting remarkable and very reprehensible diliatori- e neas in filling the vacancies that from time to time occur in the teacherships of the Wimmera State schools. The schools at Murra Warra have been closed for upwards of three months, and may well remain closed for another quarter unless some considerable effort is made to bring the Education Department to an ap preciation of the gravity of the position. For grave the position certainly is when the child ran of a large district are cut off for months at a stretch from the opportunities of education. The school at Ashens South (Sawpit), has been closed since before Easter, when the head teacher was removed to Walhalla, and else where in the district there is the same cause of complaint. On Friday morning a man named Park found a pony pbmton overturned on the Dande nong road, and with some difficulty :he extri cated the owner, who was underneath the vehicle. The man was taken to the lock-up, and Dr. Simpson, who was called in, pro nounced him to be incapable, from drink. He gave the name of Win. Cavanagh, and said he was an evangelist of the Christian Chapel, Pakenham, who had been preaching at Lily dale, and was going to hold a series of evange listic services at Pakenham. The phaeton con tained a choice selection of articles, including two bottles of wine, a number of hymn books and lantern slides on religious subjects. In the evening Cavanagh was brought before Mr. D. W. Nicoll, J.P., who permitted him to re sume his evangelistic career on payment of a fine of 5s. An adjourned meeting to consider the pro priety of establishing a farmers' grain shed at Stawell, Railway Station on Tuesday, ad journed for two months. The proposal ap pears likely to be abandoned, the district far mere, alienated by the insistence of the Com missioner that all wheat stored shall be sent over the railways, practically refusing to have anything to do with it. George Lynch, who says he is a member of the well-known Lynch family of bellringers, was brought up last week at Ararat, charged with lunacy, and was committed to the Asylum for Insane. The man had previously been in an asylum, but was in January last released on probation, and given into the charge of his friends at Carlton. The Most Worshipful Grand Master of Vic torian Freemasons, His Excellency Lord Bras soy, has appointed Bro. J. E. Jenkins, of the Ophir Lodge, Ararat, who has accepted the position, Senior-Grand Deacon. The following are the results of the Referen dum recently taken in South Australia on the proposal to reduce the franchise for the Legis lative Council to one of Household Suffrage. For the Suffrage, 48,882; against, 33,829. The following are interesting items of South Australian news:--Mr. A. H. Peake, ILP., with his wife and family, have left Narr-a. coorte, where he has lived from boyhood, for Adelaide.-Mr. G. Willshire has been elected a member of the Millicent School Board of Advice.-The district of Albert gave 1125 votes for and 117 against Federation.-Mr. Wim. Hutchinson has presented to the Mount Gam bier Institute a framed copy of the second number of a manuscript paper published in Melbourne in 1838 by J. P. Fawkner.-An amusing case came up for settlement at the Moumt Gambler Court on Thursday. It was all over a bit of velvet on which some Poonah painting had been placed, and the lawyer for the defence had to fall back on Roman law for a precedent as to how it should be settled. One lady claimed the cloth, and the other lady the colors that had been marked on it. The court gave the cloth to the lady who supplied it, and 5s to the other for painting. Madame Rita,who claimed the velvet,conducted her own case; Miss Von. Alpen, who supplied the coloring matter, was represented by Mr. Spehr.-On Wednesday morning Mr. A. W. Sandford and Co. consigned 17 pigs from Mt. Gambier, and on Thursday Mr. W. Long for warded three vans of cattle from Kalangadoo. On Thursday morning Mr. J. Livingstone con signed 12 vans of sheep from Kalangadoo for Dimboola (Victoria), and on Friday he for warded 11 vans for the same market.-Messrs. H. and A. Morris, tobacconists, of Mount Gambler, have settled their difficulties with their creditors by arranging to pay them 5s in the pound cash.-For the fortnight ended April 28, 30,2953 pairs of rabbits were brought to the Mount Gambler Rabbit and Meat Pre serving works, and £504 17s 11d was paid to the trappers for them. On Friday evening, at the usual fortnightly meeting of the Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows,eick pay was granted to three mem bers and one candidate was initiated. At the close of the meeting a pleasant hour was spent in discussing subjects on questions written by various members, including the vexed question of street lighting. The fox caught some three or four weeks since by Mr. H. Monument, in the vicinity of Bleakley and Ward's slaughter house, has been stuffed by Mr. Greenwell, and is now on view in the window of Meosrs. Bleakley and Ward, butchers. Mr. James Glenister, the well-known bari tone singer of Horsham, is to enter for the singing competition, in his class, to be held by the Geelong Mutual Improvement Society in June. Thus writes a Dimboola correspondent : Objection is taken hero to the Lake Lonsdale water storage scheme, and the Railways Standing Committee will be asked to take evidence on the matter at both Horsham and Dimboola. The rainfalls last and this year were over the averace; but the Wimmera is much below normal level, and stopped running earlier than usual. This is due to the diver gence of water to the Yarriambiae Creek. Owing to splendid rains the water trust has nor, however, found it necessary to pump water to the farmers, otherwise the result would have been serious. The Shire Council will discuss the matter at its next meeting. John T. Edgar, J.P., squatter, Kadnook, reports (through the "Police Gazette")lstolen at Lake Wallace North, near Edenhope, be tween the 1st February last and the 20th ult., 36 4-tooth-breeding ewes, fat, branded 7 with black on back, tip and quarter off ear, fire brand onnose. C..T. Proctor, farmer, Brim, reports stolen at Beulah West, between the 22nd and 24th ult., a black horse, fine up standing carriage horse, 8 years old, about 17 hands, broken to saddle and harness, branded .Y near shoulder, sore on the near shoulder, in low condition. John MI'Leod, farmer, Gala quil, near Beulah, reports stolen at Galaquil, on or about the 13th November last,ja chestnut horse, medium draught, 7 years old, about 15 hands, branded R on nuar shoulder, 2 off shoulder, unbroken. At the Adelaide Anglican synod on Wed nesday Mr.J. H.Packard,moved for the intro. duction of religious instruction in State schools, according to the system in New South Wales. Terrible pictures were drawn of the heathenism of the South Australian boy. Mr. Packard said a boy living on the Murray was asked if he knew who Jesus Christ was, and replied-" I don't know, but perhaps father does; he knows everybody on the river." The motion was carried by a large majority. Mrs. John Reid, of Ararat, on Thursday gave birth to triplets, two girls and a boy. One of the girls died. Mr. C. H. Smith has been appointed secre tary to the Dundas Shire Council, at a salary of £150 a year. There were 150 applicants, from all parts of the colony, for the position. The Natimuk Hospital Sunday movement has realised £20 17s 4d, including £4, the iesult of a concert given at Geroke by the Natimuk band. At a meeting on Friday it was decided to nominate Mr. John Davis, bndmaster, a life governor of the Horeham Hospital. The Hon. A. T. Pillinger, Minister of Land and Works in Tasmania, died on Saturday, ON Tas FrnsT PAGE of thin issnue si found The Oxloy Murder, Shooting aPa and Conserve the Surplus Fodder, n04 fourth page will be found Ditrict N, t, eluding news items from Wail, grim .. Nurrabiel, Kalkee, Hopetoun, Nhill, Bgse Natimuk, Murtoa, Stawell, Ararat, a Jeparit), Social notes and other reading matter, ereti0 The clearing sale at Natimuk on Thnar to be conducted by Messrs. Young Bro? account of Messrs. Beard and Sisson, w s mence unctually at twelve o'clock, as there a very long list ofpl o.e th, a.rns.ry " stockto be submitted forsale. The same i ill hold a land sale at their Horsham eo on Friday. Particulars of both sales ar a tised. 05j. A conversazione will be held in the Prbp. terian Church to-night. Mr. L. De Garis, auctioneer, of Narra0on announces in our auction columns prt?ic of the annual clearing sheep Sale at Bao station, ten miles north of Frnces, Ofron day next, 15th inst. Upwards of 5000 sheep Copies of thefandbook of tho New Land?l may be obtained, on application in write from Mr. H. F. William Krnger, land on? at Horsham. Mr. Shanasy, dentist, may be consultedt the Royal Hotel to-hay. Parcels are at the Horsham railwag station for Devlin, Mrs. Clarke, R G. Fincham $ T. Richardson, A. Hill, IV. R. Craig,i Roberts, J. Fenwick, J. Hudson, aC Kiley, A. Smith, WV. C. Bolton. Accounts are awaiting payment at the flr. sham Sub- Treasury for E. A. Rancott, qga tong Cemetery Trustees, J. McDonald I Nichterlein, A. Rudd, Horsham Gas Co' J Elliott, C. Haffner, R. Sisson. Mr. G. R. Murphy, clerk of Petty Sessirsn at Colling rood and Fitzroy (formerly of n. obham) has been transferred to the positihon clerk of petty sessions at Richmond, Prahra, and Brighton, in succession to Mr. B. I Moore, promoted to be district clerk of pel sessions at Ballarat. The St. Vincent's HospitalFair on Saturday night, when the Irish team easily won the In) tug of war,was attended by 15,000 people. It expected that £10,000 profit will be realised Martin, the cyclist (" Plugger Bill') poses to take legal proceedings against tho oe suspects of having been the causeof h recent accident. Elizabeth Millington, knocked down, h Richmond, by an unknown cyclist, died an Sunday. On Saturday night a man was knocked down in a crowded part of Bourke-street and robbed of a gold watch and chain and a large sum in money. He was used with such violence as to render him unconscious. The Parisian police have initiated a prose cition against Dr. Edwards, " The Anstralin Mystical Healer," who is charged with impoe ing upon the credulity of the public. The authorities of the State of Idaho hare arrested 128 men for complicity in the outrage at the Warden mnide, where a train we loaded with dynamite and exploded, wrecking the mine building. The Railway Commissioner has accepted the following tender :--Removal gatehouses Na 128 from Horsham and No. 157 from Nhilland re-erected at Ravenswood, H. Wilson, F' 12s 3d. The committee of the V.R.C. recommends registered clubs to arrange for the presence a a medical officer at every meeting. On Saturday Judge Casey ruled that a judg ment deb.or cannot be examined twice, unde a fraud summons, as to the one debt. According to a leading Melbourne butcher, people with limited imeans will have thi winter to depend largely upon a fish and res table diet, as the prices of meat are certin to be high. The Rev. S. McGeorge, of Ararat, shll to be removed to Warruambeol, has been ap pointed a clerical canon of Christ Church An. lican Cathedral, Ballarat. The Rev. H. I. Carr, of Harrow, has been appointed a clerial member of the diocesan panel of triers. The Nhill Agricultural and Pastoral Societ? has decided to agitate for a reduction of whet freights next year, if possible on a slidig scale, regulated by the price of wheat. Attention has been drawn to two slig errors in the " lMail" report of the meetingse the Kowree Shire Council and Water Tro At the council meeting Cr Knight moved. That tenders be called for grubbing the rot between the selections of T. Buffham and W Worthy, whereas in the report five chains ony of grubbing was stipulated. In the Waterworb Trust report, Com Knight's motion was tch the Engineer get the windmill started at liib may, if necessary, not Nurcoung. An important decision affecting insurenia American Life offices has been arriveds? by the New York Court of Appeals which h ruled that policy holders in the Equitabhes entitled to a pro rata share in its surplus d £12,000,000. The decision applies also to the Mutual of New York and the New York Lile The companies interested are expected to appeal to the Supreme Court of the Republic. The body of a man, since ascertained to be Sven Gustaf Moller, 45 years of age, a Swedish chemist, was found washed ashos at St. Kilda beach on Friday. The featur are quite unrecognisable, having been nealry all eaten away while in the water. A pocket book found on the body had a name and ad dress written it, and this, when the book drie so that it could be read, established the or fortunate man's identity. At the Geelong Assizes on Friday, GeSr Ball and Henry Burman were convicted , having stolen 97 sheep from William Franer, o t Addington. Thereupon they pleadedgiltytb stealing 244 -sheep from Albert Sterit WVilliams, of Burrumbeet. Ball admnittedtl prior convictions, and was sentenced to fol 1 years' imprisonment, while Burman receind two years. Justice Sir Hartley Williams has tbe appointedtoinvestigatethe charges,in referea to his Mt. Macedon property, preftrred bh Mr. F. Madden, IM.., against .Mr. Daii Syme, proprietorof the "Age." f Mrs. Leehane, a Horsham identity hbe turned from West Australia, where sheis been for the past two years. Mr. Harry Sproule, treasurer of theTh'tr. Royal, on Friday night was ringing the llst the Bank of Victoria, Collins-street, wher he intended to deposit the night's takinge hen a man rushed up and attempted to snatchthe bag of money from him. A fierce struggle wn maintained until Mr. Sproule's cabman ame up and struck the robber a heavy blowondt face with his whip, whereupon, he ran away, SHe was subsequently arrested, when h e his name as Michael Brennan, and said he nf mnistaketn Mr. Sproule for somebody elJe? ith whom he wished to settle an old scor. HIe had no intention of stealing the bag of moneP He had been only a week discharged nfrom gaol. Peter Cunningham, a fruiterer, was ddriehi from the South belbeourn market on Satu day when he feol oJf a load of vegetables and the wheel of the vehicle passed overh heis hd He died shortly afterwards. A Chinese, since identified as Wong A Shue, a dealer, was found on Frid51 Safternoon in a dying condition in the ti.tr-e scrub at Sandringham. He expired just befus reaching the Alfred Hospital, to which hewa sent. Driver Crawford, in charge of a goods trns from Melbourne to Bendigo, on Friday, '. with a painful accident. Just after thetea passed Harcourt station he was on a hesre? coal in the tender, when he slippedandel his head striking the foot- plate. He was res dered unconscious, and sustained a rere I scalp wound. Mlr. John Mitchell, of Bruthen, sabout ta months ago was accidently shot, with a Pe rifle, by Tottie Angus, a young weomn no was shooting at a csk, The pellet struckt t iron hoop of the case and, rebounding stnc Mlr. Mitchell on the forehead, just naes to eye, rendering him insensible. All efforts - trace the bullet were unsucclful, and ltr. Mlitchell died on Friday last. The post mor tem revealed the bullet embedded inthe bincof the head. A ghost, bearing on his chest the mot Prepare to meet Thy Doom, persists e wan dering at niget, in lonely places, about Ar"st the police having so far failed to lay tim. In dignant townspeople are in quest of in, armed with resolvers, and a nightor o s0 a cyclist in a light suit narrowly escaped der from a revolver discharge. There is still a great deal of excitement t the Encounter Bay district over the defeate Mr. King O'Malley by Mr. Charles Tucer, ex-mayor of Adelaide. Mr. O'Malley i ' staunch teetotaller, and on Friday vee'5 licensed victuallers journeyed from Adeled for the declaration of the poll, " to nty they eaid, " O'Moalley's funerol" A croa-wde Mr. O'Malley's supporters were on the 1d. form of the Goolva railway stti on, et local town clerk, who had acnted as r. Tuckeri agent, passed. They jeered and hooted bie and finally someone in the crowd set aler him with a whisky bottle. The town cler after an exciting chase, found refuge ion a ba. Some time since Lord Kitchener, Sirdar Egypt, sent Ibrahim, a Soudanese office.r, ith an escort of 150 men, on a special miseio 10 his uncle, Sultan of Darfus, West of -?oU fan. Upon arrival Ibrahim found that hi uncle had in a revolution been detbronel, and Ali Dinar installedas Sultan. Ieuons.cc' fully soughtto restore his uncle to the throw. in the attempt losing 130 of his force. Wit the remaining 20 he escaped from the field battle, and made his way to the Sirdar, at 00 durman. Mr. Cecil Rhodes has assured Mr. Tasreo Victorian Minister of Acriculture, noO'.. England, that if Victoria decides d to 6odR lar shipments of produce to Beira, tbhe Por guese South African pot, he will arroge ie the attachment of refrigerating car' jm,1 trains nmning on the line, just opened, TbI that port to Salisbury, in Rhodesi e portuguamn charge an import duty of tha per cent, oa shi goods landed at Boelo 