?;-? THE STOBYTELLEB. SIR PETER'S LODGER. o— ? (By Oswald Crawford ) CHAPTER I. I aoi said to be the fastest girl in Fox : shire. .- It is riot true. My sister Evelyn . is faster. Only I don't use 'fast' in a bad \- sense. We are neither of us that, we are : only 'go ahead.' We can ride harder, , dance longer, dress bettor (tailor-made for choice), play golf and most other games (except croquet and halma) againBt any . girls in the country. We talk loud, I dare , say, and go in for slang, and hate accom plishments, and loathe literature ; in con sequence, we are very popular in the hunt . ing season. Flirt? Not much. Men are Bach idiots'as a rule, and the nice ones don't care to bother. We leave all that to the married women. My Bister Evelyn is the eldeBfc daughter of Sir Peter Emden. They call him the . Sporting Baronet in the newspapers. 4 He keeps a string of race horses that eat their he ds off aud never win a farthing. Hn rides sixteen stone to hounds, and it cos-a him a lot to mount himself, for he is a splendid man across country, though he is long past six*y. Evelyn is awfully pretty, much prettier than me. She has a .splendid figure, and iB as clever as they make them. She is eo!i a bit selfish or hard, as some people Bays Bhe is— that is . one of the lies one's enemies invent if one is good-looking and does things well. She. ? is twenty-seven, and tall,' and slight, and dark; rides vevy straight, and can cut v most men down acrosa our stiff country. She is very clever at water and doubles, pnt you should see her negotiate the . big post-and-rails. By Jove? There's nothing like it ! I meant not to say 'By Jove!' in this story, or any words of that sort, but as it's down, I'll let it stand for once. . When I get talking about Evelyn I can't help letting out a bit. She's such au r awfnl good sort ! I'd, better get it said at once — we are fearfully poor. Father, never actually ran -through a fortune (which. I always think must be a very lively and pleasant, thing to do), because his father did it before him. Poor father is always awfully nice and generous, and we are always well dressed and well mounted, but where it all comes from is more than I can say, for I know of nothing1 we have to live upon except our debts. Plenty of -them I and they are hardly ever paid. Once the butcher askod for a cheque, and when he didn't get it the meat supply was turned off. We lived oc mutton from the estate— very lean and , tough — for a month, and it got rather monotonous at last; roast mutton, boiled mutton, braised mutton, mutton broth, mutton chops au naturel, mutton cutlets a , la soubise, mutton cutlets stewed with peas — for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, till, at last, father went up to town, made an assignment or arrangement with the butcher, and we relapsed into beef anil veal to our comfort and relief. It was at breakfast at Emden Hall that . this story begins. Evelyn and I were in our habits ; there was a meet of foxhounds ten miles off. Father wa3 in pink. Three of us make the family, for both our brothers are in India, and poor mother died ten years ago, when I was 12. That makes me 22\. Awfully odd. It sends a cold shudder -?-.'through me to think of it! But I don't . want to bother ahout myself. I want to come to our lodger. That's what .Evelyn calls him. To look at the dining-room at Etnden, no one would think we were . paupers. . It's a great oak-pannelled room . with a groined roof that people cnrne hun dreds of miles to see, the woodwork all polished and darkened with cen turies of hard rubbing, a dais and niches in the walls at one end with figures of knights in the plate armour, and rows of portraits of ancestors hang against ' the wainscot. Father won't Bell a piece of the old family plate, or a bit of the armour, or the grey heirloom pictures, ;?. Titians and Vandykes, though ouc lawyer says he could break tho entail and should, ' and the salo would pay all our debts and . set ub going again for years. I am awfully glad he won't, but Evelyn says its idiotic ' rot and false pride. Perhaps it is, but I love him to keep up his state, and all the more so because we are so hard up. Evelyn always collars the morning paper, and if there is anything amusing she reads it out to us. This morning she wasajnusei! by something she read. 'Out with it, Evie,' said father, and she read out this most absurd advertisement: — ' Wanted, by young American millionaire, a home with family of position in hunting country, Btabling for nine horses, and accommodation for grooms and valet. If unmarried ladies in family middle* aged preferred. Applicant is wholly un acquainted with British modes of l|fe, but of agreeable manners, singularly good looking, intelligent, accomplished, devoted to sport, but shy, and debarred by consti tutional timidity from ordinary social inter course. Address, &o; ' Evelyn put down the paper and looked serious. Father laughed and said, 'Extraordinary idiot!' I remarked, 'If he came be would fall in love with Evelyn and pro pose to her.' Evelyn threw a small round roll at my head. Lducked ; it missed me and Bkimmed across the polished floor, and the dogs raced for it. We have no manne»a at Emden. , 'D.&'i; talk ahj-ct rot,' Siid Evelyn. ' We must answer the advertisement and have the man. He is evidently a harmless lunatic, very rich, and quite possibly a gentleman. We will make him pay us two thousand a year. It will save the situa tion. No one need know. We will call him a guest.' 'No, no,' I said, ' it would be disgrace ful I' Father said nothing for a moment. I could see he was wavering. ' It's an awful temptation,' he aaid. ' I'm just about broke, you know.' So, quite against my will, a letter was written, and in three days the thing was settled. Arthur UWherston was the ap parent idiot's name, and the terms ho him self proposed were £3000 a year, with £1000 payable in a 1 vane, and he was to pay a further sum for the keep of 1 is ser vants, there were six and a valet, and o4 all his horses. Father actually thought i too much and said so in his next letter. Mr. Featherston took no notice of thjp objection, and went nn with the negotia tions in a very businesslike, way. ' Sir Peter Emden will, of course, rrquire references. The Featherstonhaughs of Leahatn, in Yorkshire, are Mr. Feather ston's kinsmen (the termination ' haugh ' was dropped on the other side of the water) ; will Sir Peter Emden refer 'o them for Mr. Featherston's social standing ? His bankers are Grudge and Gooley, of Wal brook.' We did not refer to the Feather stonhaughs, but Evelyn wrote to Grudge and Gooley herself; The answer came : ' Mr. Featherston is good for any amount.' Tbe only hitch was our ages. Father thought it only fair, after what Mr. Featherston had said in the advertise ment, to tell him that our united ages — that was the clever way Evelyn insisted on putting it- — came to 49 years, and Mr. Featberston, wbo seems very shrewd, at once wired back : ' Quite satisfactory, if youngest about four and eldest 45, but not if disparity less considerable ; state parti culars.' On which Evelyn, who is a born diplomat, telegraphed at once, ' Say, eldest 25, youngest twont-four, total 49.' As she put it, the ' say ' saved the situation, and made a f-tir answer to a father's im pertinent question. Then came a letter : ' The situation, as slated in last telpgmm received, is fraught with peril to Mr. Featherston, the nature of which Sir Peter Emden will at once recognise when he becomes cognisant of the painfnl infirmity of Mr. Featherston, but the difficulty can, perhaps, be over come.' He always wrote in the third person, and never made a slip in his persons or tenses. It took the time of all three of us, and lots of rough copies, to keep up with him. CHAPTER IT. Well, it all got made right at last, the £1,000 cheque came by post, and next day, Mr. Foatherston's horses arrived, a string of eight in their striped clothing— hoods, body clotbs, and all complete, and their owner's monogram, A. F. — his nt-me was Arthur — just about opposite the near stifle joint of each horse. Five hunters, two covert hacks, and one tnacbiner — all look ing wonderfully fit. Then the day following — it was a meet of bounds at Dredge Hall — he turned up himself, a dny sooner than ho was expected, in his own dog-cart, with the second inaohiner. I like to be particular. One thing in his advertisment was cer tainly correct, he was ' singularly good looking j' only how a ' sby' man of ' con stitutional timidity' c;uld have the incon coivable cheek to say so much of himself, we did not find out till later. Yes, be was awfully good-looking, tall,8light, but strong and dark ; but all that about his shyness was a fraud. Never in my life have I seen so cool a band. I shouldn't think he had ever blushed since he was a baby, or been out of conceit with himself since be was put in'o short clothes — not that l-e was exactly conceited or impudent. It would have been better if he had ' een, there would have been something to take hold of. He simply looked at every one with a helpless sort of smile, as much ss to say, ' You see what an absurd fix I'm in— do be nice and help me out of it!' and everybody did help him out ot his bothers. I was outside, playing with the dbgp, and waiting for my hack to oome round, for it was just timo to -Btart, when he drove np alone in his cart from the station. He had on a very well cut, drab covert coat, and his hat was all right. I saw he had his pink on underneath. I had meant Evelyn to do the honours, as I strongly objected to the whole thing, but she and father had drivep, an hour before, to the meet and breakfast at Dredge Hall. He pulled his horse up at tbe front door and looked at me — his face breaking into a conciliatory smile. I dare say I looked rather black at first, but I conld not keep it np against that absurd smile. Seeing which, he took hl3 hat off and made this profound remark : 'Eh?' To which I answered — not in the least knowing what I meant, but impelled by the smile to say something agreeable— Idiotically : 'Yes.' ' I though t^o,' he said. ' You thought what V ' I thought you were the youngest, Miss Emden. Apart from tbe fact that I know it already.' ' I might have been the eldest.' ' Oh no, you couldn't !' ' How do you know ?' ' Because — oh, never mind 1 Please don't ask — 'that comes later.' The mere words sound rather imperti nent, but the smile and the tone saved them, and one didn't mind. In fact, I must admit at once that he was more or less impertinent always, or would havo been if what he said had not; always been mixed up with that same ingratiating smile ' Well, you had better take care,' 1 said ; ' you may be sorry afterwards ; I warn you that my sister Evelyn is the pretty one.' ' Yes, I know ; but is she ? I say, No ! ' ' Mr. Featherson, one thing strikes ms in all this ..'.'. ' Yes, I see it doos, but I am afraid I shall make you late at Dredge Hall. They told me it was Beven miles off You can hardly do it in the twenty-five minutes that are left.' He looked at his watch. ' Let me drive you ; you cmld show roe the way, and my nme, Skylark, can do it in twenty.' I meant to say ' no ;' but he put on that helpless smile- ot mp, and looked so ridiculous and perplexed, that I said ' yes' before I knew what I was about, called a man to take my hack back to the stable, told my groom to jump up behind, and scrambled myself into the seat by Mr. Featherston's side. Skylark, whose fore legs had been spend ing the chief part of the last ten minutes in the air, shot along the avenue at express speed, pulling double, and turned the corn ers so quickly aud got over the rough ground at such an awful pace, that it was all I could do to hold on and keep my breath. 'You were saying just now,' said Mr Featherston, in a very pleasant, ingratiating voioe — ho always spoko as if there was something behind what ho was saying, some secret joko that would come out presently, and that was keeping him immensely amused — ' you said just now, when I inter rupted you, that something struck you in all thiv. Now, what was it ?'. Juit then wo camo to a little hil', and, Skylark slowing down to about twelve miles au hour, I could manage to speak. ' I suppose this is what you call an American trotter V ' She's American and a trotter, but not phenomena!. She's only a throe-minute, a-miler — nothing to talk about. But how about what struck you?' ' Well,' I said, 'it strikes me that you aro not, as the shopkeopers says, quite up to sample.' ' But I haven't shown any. samples yet — have I, now? My godfather and god-1 mother haven't promised anything for me, have they ?' ,; ' Perhaps not, - but your' advertisement has. You promised in it to be ' shy ' and ' constitutionally timid.' Now, you know, really, for downright cool assurance ? ' Mr. Featherston pulled up Skylark 80 suddenly, that her fore legs went higher in the air than ever, her back stood nearly afe perpendicular, and for a moment I feared she would come over upon us in the cart. . 'How perfectly and luridly horrible 1'* he said. 'Why?' I asked innocently. 'You can't think how it interested as ; we anti cipated all sorts of things from you. Yoa were to be ' singularly good looking,' you know.' 'But I don't know.' ' Intelligent !' 'Oh!' ' Of agreeable manners !' ' Don't.' ' Accomplished 1' ' Oh, yes, go on ; but I warn yon it'a killing me.' ' I'm sure it's all true,' I said, icly, ' but what I don't think was quite fair of you was the part about your shyness and constitutional timidity.' lt That was not in the advertisement too, was it?' 'Yes, that's what the advertisement said.' ' ' Oh ! it's too bad ; what shaH I do V By this time Skylark had got her feet oa to terra firma again was going forward at her usual stride, but the smile had quit© left Mr. Featherston's face. He did not speak for a bit, and was bo visibly put oat that 'I b^gan to bo quite sorry, for him, and put in a conciliatory — \- 'Well?' ' This comes of trusting professional people,' he said. ' ' I have never seen the advertisement. Do London solicitors never understand chaff?' . 'Never, I should think.' ' I told them to tell the plain truth about me. I said, ' Put in that I'm lovely and easy-going all round.' Lovely doesn'fi mean good-looking, you know, in America — it means amiable, and I told him to say I loved sport and all that. .' Tell them,' I said, '. the plain truth ; only just add I'm timid, and not up to English ways, and can't ba bothered.' I was in a hurry, and left them to do it all. They took notes, and they didn't see it was chaff — but yoa do. Oh, now, say you do !' There was just the pale ghost of the old smile coming back on his face, and it won me at once. 'Of course I see it was chaff,' I said with conviction. 'Thank yon, thank you ! And then I've made them do such. extravagant and eccentric things since I've been in this country. I suppose they thought this was another of my fancies.' ' And you made them put tho advertise ment into all the papers TV ' Not at all— only into the two or three that yon were likely to see.' 11 That I was likely to see, Mr. Feather son ?' ?? ' I mean you and your father and sister, and hunting people generally. But tbw comes later.', , . : 'What comes latf-r]' .,v , 'Why, this. If it came now it would spoil everything.' ' ' You puzzle me.' 'It's so simple.'' , , 'Is it?' ' Yes, isn't it ?' He was always 60 ready and quick with his words and tepliea - and questions that it was confusing. 'Yon don't know how pretty Evelyn in,' I said, disconnectedly. 'Don't I know !' he sail. 'Howl' ' Dosen't everyone say so ?' 'You Bhall see her presently. Look! There are tho hounds; across the valley, on tho lawn at Dredge Court. How quick your maro has oome ! There aro the horsi s — what a field ! By the bye, can you ride, Mr. Featherston ?' I don't quite know why I said this — only that I liked him and bad taken an interest in his I affiirs. I take sudden fancies to people, I suppose. I took one to him, and, later on, I was sorry I had. ' Just a little.' ' But I mean to hounds.' 'I know.' ' You won't mi'.d mv saying it, but it's awfully important here.' , ? ;?'?.. 'I guess. I have1 bunted onco or twice abroad.' ' You enn stick on over a fencr, I suppo38?' ' Oh, yes, I think so. I rode as a boy A little — on the prairies.' . ' Bat tihere are no hedges and brooks on ; the prai ies, are there) Nothing to go :o-er?'' ? ' No, not much,' he said smiling, ' only prairie-dog burrows — and those you mostly go into.' ' Do you know that this is the most difficult country in England — every kind of fence to negotiate — big, double, stiff post ? and-rails that you must fly, the famous . Dredge brook, with rotten take-cff and landing everywhere, and bullfinches that you must -wedge yourself through, like a scoo p through a Cheshire cheese ?' 'It sounds lively. I must get some ? one to give ma a good lead.' ' Oh, yes, don't dream of taking a line of your own — you'd come to inevitable grief if you did. Got a safe lead, follow my father — -r Colonel Shafto, or Lord Tonbridge. They ride straight and well, but they don't splash like some of the younger m^n. Don't follow Captain Driver whenever you do — he goes well, but he rides as if he had no neck to break.' ' I see. Thank you. You're a good sort. Well, here wo are.' Mr. Featberston got down and helped me down, he threw his covert coat on the ? seat of the cart and stood up in pink. I was glad to see that his boots, breeches, and coat were all right to a point. How had he managed it ? The hunting people /were coming out from the doorway of Dredge Court, a crowd of men, mostly in pink. Some of them were mounted already. All looked very criticaily at the new-comer. There was really nothing amiss about him, nothing to take hold of, either the cut of his clothes or the look of the man ; he was over six feet high, straight, and strong in the shoulders, and wilh a resolute face, and he looked to ride about twelve stone, or twelve stone seven — just the man to go, if he only knew how to ride. ' Is that the d — -d Yankee ?' I heard someone ask. How had they heard of him, I won dered. Through his groom, I suppose. ; Then Evelyn and father came out. They, too, had heard of his coming. I heard Evelyn speaking; to the men round her, as she came up : ' Oh, yes,' she was saying, ' a young American, a very good sort — guest of ours, for some time, probably; connected with the Featherstonhaughs of Leaham, spell their name differently, but pronounce it the same. No good across country, I fancy ; probably awful tailor on a horse, but wants to learn. Don't chaff him, you know. Bad form to chaff strangers.' She said so much, and talked so quickly, and then changed the subject so suddenly, that no one had a chanco of asking ques tions. Evie is as clever as they could make 'etn, and thinks of everything. I could Fea by the men's faces that they didu't like the look of him at all ; they ?would have baen better pleased, I daresay, if lio had been plain, small, weak, ill-dressed, and if his groom and horse had had holes to be picKed in them, but they didn't. His man brought up a dark grey, sixteen hands, thoroughbred, well ribbed-np, shoul ders well set back, powwfnl forehand, and quarters with lots of gallop and jump in them I watched Evelyn's face. I knew she was taken aback by Mr. Featherston's appearance, but she took care not to show it. I introduced him to her and to father, and I saw at once that father bad taken to him. Our three horses were brought up. ' Shall I put you on ?'' he said to me ; but I shirked it. I was afraid he did not know how, and I should slide down again and be disgraced tor ever, and dis grace him, too. He did not ask Evelyn, but looked at her questioningly with a raised eyebrow and the eternal smile. She nodded, and he took her little booted foot in his hand, nnd in a second she was comfortably seafed in her saddle. She smiled gratefully down upon him, and he remained by her side from that moment. Evelyn is certainly the cleverest woman I know. CHAPTER in. All my friends came round me and abu-.ed the new- comer. They mostly do abuse new-comers in hunting parts. ' Looks a bit of a duffer, doesn't he ?' one of the men began. ' Well,' I said, ' it didn't strike me, but I daresay be is.' ' Can the beggar ride ?' asked another. '? Doesn't look much like going.' ' Perhaps, if you can manage to pet forward next time, Joe, he'll have a ohacce to show you.' One must stand up for one's friends, and Joe Parker is certainly not the man who ought to bluff about going to bounds, but I fait nervous all the same about Mr. Feather ston's ridiDg. ' I say, you know, the fellow can dress if he can't ride,' and Captain Driver, whose own coat and hat are always a bit off colour, though I must admit he knows how to ride himself; ?' gueBS he's been turned ut by his London tailor ; shouldn't wonder if he's a blooming tailor himself !' 'Daresay ho is, Captain Driver; and, look hete, now, you make friends with him. Ho might give yon a hint or two, you know.' The men laughed, and I scored. ' Who is the fellow, after all V asked Lord Tonbridge. 'He doesn't look a duffwr, though, perhaps, he is one. We'll wait a bit and see.' I just repeated what Evelyn had told them. She generally knows her way about, and I wasn't going to queer her pitch this turn. We had a slowish day all the forenoon, pottering about in the woodland, near Dredge HiJl. Mr. Fealherston rode by Evelyn's sitfe. They seemed very well pleased with each other. J felt out of it, I confess. There is no use getting the start of Evelyn ; she's always first at tha post, pulling double. Of course, I was an idiot to like him so much, and to think he liked me. It's just my luck all the time 1 She introduced Mr. Featherston to Lord Ton bridge, who is a great pal of hers and pro posed once to her, and would do it again to-morrow if she'd let him ; and I noticed tbat she said something to him, and he laughed, and then Lord Tonbridge left them together and came and talked to me. She just does what she likes with all of them. The more Evelyn and Mr. Feather ston laughed and talked together, and the more he looked into her face with that half innocent, half-knowing smile of hia, the more the men hated him — for half of them admitted they were head over heeU in love with Evelyn — thn more they abus-d him, all but Lord Tonbridge. He said nice things of Mr. Feathorston, which I could net quite see the reason of. But I was not going to give my new friend away, though he had left me in the lurch, and I spent most of the morning, standing up for him to the men, and chaffing back. At last I got rather hot about it, and I went too far — only it is too riling to hear men ragging a man behind hia back because ho's nicer and cleverer and better looking than theyare ! Isn't it just too mean for anything ? They would abuse his ridinp, and what a tailor in the pigskin he must be. And then I made an abjsct idiot of myself. ' What ! not ride ?' I said ; ' you just wait. I'll lay odds he cuts down every one of you !' The moment I said it I was sorry I spoke. It was not till past two that we found a good fox in Dowling Spinney, outside the woodlands. The Spinney lies on tho slope of a hill, and you can see the open country from it, spreading away beneath you for miles — meadow land chiefly, lots of fences, mostly raspers, bullfinches and doubles, with the big Dredge Brook look ing like a bit of white tape lying on the ground in the valley four miles off. Across the valley and over the hills beyond, threw miles further on, are Durham woods. It's just the loveliest bit of hunting country you ever saw, only it's made for grown ups — not beginners — and I did wish our guest had an easier line for his first try. As soon as the hounds were put into the Spin.uoy at one end, the fox went out like a shot from a gun at tho other. The gorBe lien thin on the ground, with a few fir trees and no covert to Bpeak of, and the hounds ran through, full cry, and the field fol lowed, getting through the eorse as well as we could. We could see the fox — a big dog fox, with a white tip to his brush es broad as a soup plate — taking a straight linfl over the meadow outside, and half the pack racing him, and the rest scrambling over the low stone walls tbat skirts the Spinney. About two hundred of us got a bit jammed in the covert, rushing for a good start, and you heard d ? 3 and laughing and flhouting and stirrup irons jangling — one man against another's, as we crowded on between the trees — till, at laat, we all jumped the wall and got away, but the tail hound was already out of sight. It was splendid over two hundred horses galloping like mad down hill, and the cheering of the huntsmen and whips, and the hard breathing and snorting of the horses, and the thumping of hundreds of hoofa on the turf — it was such a row and such a rush ! It was just magnificent — if; was like that awfully exciting row the band makes at the Palace Theatre, a3 the express train comes rushing up to the footlights In that American Biograph thing, and tho fifes and drums of the or chestra, and I don't know what other instruments, go banging and puffing and hissing and panting, with regular beats that get quicker and louder and louder till you can hardly bear it, and want to shout and yell youraelf. I heard Captain Driver say, as ho can tered along beside me, 'By Jove, he's heading for the Dredge Brook and Durham Woods, and we're in for a hot thing !' I pulled my horse together and fell into Driver's wake, a length or two behind, for I thought to myself, ' This is going to be the biggest thing of tho season, and they'll talk of it — and I want to see ib out.1' I looked r-und for Mr. Feathoraton's grey — his was tho only grey out that day — but I couldn't make him out in the ruck, and I thought; it just as well perhapp, for it was awful going just then, downhill, and the fencing very big. Driver was taking a splendid lino, going like a real workman, and, following his load, my mare took her fsaces beautifully. Presently we forged ahead of the others, and again I ventured to take a look round for Mr. Feafcheraton ; there was already half a field between us and. ihe rest. I could make out Evoljn and father to the left, nearly level with us, and TonbrWge giving her a lead, and Shafto cios3 up — ind riding strong and hard, de termined not to be left behind in what looked like going to be the fastest run in tha year — but no Foatherston. The pace was getting terrific and the hounds were running dumb now, heads up, dropping their music because of the speed they were travelling at. We raced over five or six fields, like a steeplechase, still going1 downhill all the time, and as we neared the water meadows in the valley, the ground got heavier and the fencing still stiffer. The duffers had already ba gun to tail off. We came to. a big post and rail with a drop into stiff plough land beyond. It accounted for about a dozen of the field. They came thundering up ; nine of them refused -it, their horses half cooked already. Three got over and came down on their heads into the ploughed field on the other side. I saw poor Joe Parker, for a moment, almost standing on his head, up to the chin in the soft mould, with his legs in the air, looking, as Cap tain Driver afterwards said, ' like a bloom ing apple tree just planted.' Captain Driver looked back at me and laughed at the duffers. He had pulled up his horse to a slow trot to save the heavy land. 'Ease her a bit, Miss Emden,' he called to me — 'the brook's only three fields ahead and you'll want a bit lffo for that.' Ho slowed down to a walk as his horse sunk over his fetlocks in the fresh earth. 'Anyhow, the others are doing time, too,' he said, encouragingly, to me as we floundered along side by side. 'The Dredge will be bank high after the rains,' he said. ' Now you give me six good lengths law at the brook, for I doubt if I cm get over this time, and I don't want your mare on top of ni-i in the water. You're lighter and your mount frpsher, and you may pull through- It's lucky I got my second horse just before we drew Dowling Spinney. Look here, Miss Emden, you're a well plucked one — by Jove, you are — now, you save your mare all you can till you get within 50 yards of the brook, then let her go for all she's worth, ca'cb hold of her head, throw year own heart over, stick the spur in, givtj her a cut with the whip on the off quarter, and go at it 90 miles an hour. I'll give you a straight lead, and you'll pull through even it I don't.' I'm sorry now I chaffed Driver — there's no sort of flies on him, and he's as straight as they make 'em. (To be concluded next weelc.) Ib is estimated that there are 15,000 per sons out of work in Victoria. A Fair Beautiful Skin. — Snlpholine Soap gives the natural tint and peach-like Bloom of a perfect Complexion ; makes the Skin smooth, supple, healthy, comfortable. Sulpholine Soap. 6d. Tablets, Evary where. — [Advt.1 