THE t S M 4I'G . EIR OF CALLONBY. Br M?rs. G. Silrsro., Authoroes of "Dorothy's Jewels," "Theo Hsaked Bridal." Etc. CHAPTER XXXI. 1t0? ounor. It was a long while before Madge could recover her composure; she know she had caused the Duke of Wontworth the keen eat sorrow a man can know, for she had read his deep, true love, in those grave honest eyes of his, and an intense desire had come into her heart, that she might love him even as to deserved. "Heis a noble-hearted man, mamma, and I honor him as much as anyone whom I have over known. I know he will make the woman he marries inexpressibly happy; bhut I feel that the regard I havre for him is not what it should be to become his wife," said Madge, as she sat at her "mother's feet, her tearful face buried in her lap. "1 know of this, dear, and I am sorry now I d;d not give you a hint of what was caming; hot your father and I really hoped that you did care for hior, and would give him the answer he desired. He is indeed a most estimable young man, not to mention his wealth and the position he occupies. I think yourfather will be a trifle disappointed, love," re turned Mrs Dispesa, a little sadly. "But you would rather I would be true to myself, even to the sacrifiee of becoming a duchees, would you not, mamma r asked the young girl, lifting her head, and regarding her mother ear nesdtly. "Certainly, Margaret; but knowing, or supposing your heart to be free, I thought you could not fail to recip~ocate thealfec lion of the duke, especially as you had appeared to take as much pleasure in his society," and Mrs Dispeau regarded her daughter somewhas anxiously, and calle. to mind the thoughts and suspicion which Mladge's unusual excitemnt had caused only two or three hours before, when she was speaking of Lord Cuthbert. Madge did not reply to this remark, but her eyes drooped half guiltily at the train of thought which it suggested to her also. Was she heart-free 1 Until this morning she had believedso, and even when she had toll the duke that she could not be his wife, no thoughts of love for another had 'entered her mind. But now, like a ray of light, it came to her, that: if she had received his offer before that eventful night when she had discovered Lord Cuthbert in the vault below, she would not have refused him. The revelation startled her with its suddenness, and at the same time caused her intense shame and mortification, and ' yet she would not atop to analyse her feelings further, but with an impatient nmorement she aroee and suddenly left the room ; and when, half-an-hour later, she returned, having exchanged her evening dress for a wrapper, her face was calm and impenetrable, although some what paler than usual. When at last all was quiet in the castle, the two young girls prepared to make their nocturnal visit toLord Cuthbert. Nora was very much interested in the secret door. which she had never d-eamed led to such mysteries below, much more that?it ledfromherownrooms. And it was with a sort of awe satealing over her that she followed the guidance of her friend, With noiseless steps they glided down the spiral staircas, passed through the second secret door, down the flight of stone steps, and en thr.ugh the passage toward the vault, which had so long been the prison-house, and well-nigh the tomb of Lord Cuthbert Callonby. Nora grew so weak and faint. ad clung so nervounly to Madge as she approached the spot, that she feared she would fall unconscious before they could reach the "Do not give up, Nora, darling; be brave, be strong, for tf we make any un usual noise, and are disovered, all will be lost. Here we are. Hold the candle while I draw the bolts," commanded Madge. But she could cot, her shaking fingers refused to grasp the silver candlestick, and she leaned panting against the solid wall, while Madge set it upon the floor and then qmuckly slipped the bolts and puahed open the door. In en instant Lord Cathbert bounded forward, and clasped his loved stater in his arms, drawing her within his room. For several minutes he hold her close to his heart, his breath coming in long, deep-drawn sighs, while ?era lay hbk gainst his breast, her eyes cosed, and quiet and white as the wrapper, for which H~dge had made her exchanre her tra rolling dress after reaching the castle. It eemed to heras if she would never wish to moreo a?in; she was content, at rest. Her brother, so long mourned as dead, was alive and well, and it was joy enough to lie there and feel the firceo throbbing of his heart. Tho excess of happiness deprived her of all her strength, and almost of 9~se-. l ord Cathbert, when he began to re Jveet his serf-pesaion, thought she moat ubve feint?d, she was so still " MIy Ioor diring, you have audere.l, too: blt God is good to give mo back to each other once more," he murea.-ed, bhenine to look iat her fooe. At the s?,d of his dear toieo sohe arike to life agia n; her white asCse.eet up arsond hi neck ; she lifted her foe and aid her cheek against his, and while she liung to him cluose, and yet cloer, a wild, qoirering sob broke from her lip?s, followte by a passionat beut of tears. 3adge terned sed went cut into the passe., leaving the twoealou?; she could not witness their escred meeting, and her own tears were dlovieg fast in sym pat hy. She remained a longo tiate. her heart jlled with a a?r?ange sret joy, as she lestened to the oer murmurs of their voice, and she said to herslf, exult aently : S"T.e corrows of Cal!onby are nearly over, and happiner will reign on0c more within these castle walls i She ma.tt hb e rodmind h dndin ths for nearly half an hoer, woen ehe saddenly storel?,i by the aound ahuhetuog freistep at the foriher end of the psonge. lfer he - sto?o still with a terrible f-ar, bht only for amomenot, for she knew ohe must a, if she would srve him, Sora, ased hbooeffl \ th a wild bond she waS baick withiu the room, her hand oiron 2orcS, he white face asrrtllng then like eghost, and terror ie her hleky toncs: ' Fly. oern I she geped. "Someone .a co ::g throegh the 'aosage yondr F'ly cpice!y, or wr aee ill lost I" Welth the spee of thb wind the terror, strioken girhe ,rpe.g from the eatot leaviog t Lert Cuthbcrt pae- lysed at the ' oadden newo. With noLseless, rrid stepathey sprautg toward the secret Ieusage, hopintg to -an it before the person, whoeser tt neght be, cane in sigh-t, snd thCes escopO notice. ~·vFd They could see the glimmer of a light their own they had left behind in their fright-at first faint, then growing brighter ac it advanced toward them. Nearer, and yet nearer it came, and in a moment more the horrified girls saw the burly figure of Ralph Callonby emerge from the gloom, bearing a lighted candle in his hand, and evidently bent on a visit to his solitary nephew. His head was bent, as if in deep thought, so that he did not ee the terror stricken maidens, and with slow, delibe rate steinp he advanced toward them. Madge saw they could not escape, and as Nora was neveraleteps beyond her, she could not attract her attention without apeaking, and, with a faintly-breathed petition for help, sho alipped into an empty vault to await, in almost suffocating auspenseo, the result of the encounter. Nora, too, naw how futile was the at tempt to avoid him, and as he drew near, and the light flared upon his face, she could see the sameo dark and malignant eaowl upon it which had so terrified her in the years gone by. Hier fai and lips groer bloodless, her eyes became dark and wild with terror; her strength suddenly failed her, her lips refused to move, and, with a desperation born of despair, she suddenly seopped to confront him, and thus awaited his approach in the midst of the passage. In all the years of her after life, she never forgot that moment. She expected he would kill her where she stood, and then murder her brother, and the fearful bhorror, after nor intense happiness of the last half-hour, seemed turning her to stone. Ralph Callonby had no thought that his progress was to be impeded, until, when only about two feet from Nora, she wildly put forth her hand to keep him of, and her icy fingers just swept his cheek. He lifted his head, muttering a etartled oath as he did so. In an instant hish feet also became rivetted to the stones beneath him, a wild look of fear blanched his face, and stayed the blood in his veins; his very flesh seemed to shrivel upon his bones, while a stinging pain rept through his every nerve, as if he were seized with a sudden cramp, and his knees visibly trembled. Only a moment he stood the, regard ing that waxen, almost breathless figure, yet in that moment he lived an eternity of horror; then, with a howlwhichreverbe rated through that passage like the cry of a lost demon, he suddenly dropped his candle, and turning' with the speed of lightning, he fled hack through the dark passage he had but just traversed, nor abated his pace on iota, untilpanting and breathless, his eyes starting from his head, and cold beads of perspiration standing at every pore, he reached his own apartments, and sank down upon the floor trembling as with anague fit. "PFor Heaven's sake, laph ?Cailonby, what is the matter with yon 1 demanded his wife, who wa still up, and writing some instructions for the housekeeper to follow on the morrow. " Ma-matter enough, I can tell you," he gasped, wiping the sweat from his brow, and his teeth chattering. " But what is it-are you l di she asked, in alarm, rising, and going to his side, as she saw how pale he was. " No, no; though I never felt quite so shaky before in my life. Maria, Nora is dead!" he returned, with a horrible shudder, and staring blankly at her. " Nor dead-really dead, do you mean I. ow do you know I and how could you receive the news so late at nighti You didn~t know this an hour ago," asid Mrs Callonby, now really startled herself. "No, Ididnot, but I have just seen her ghoest I" " fIer ghoet, indeed! Ralph Calonhby, I thought yeou were above such things. You know the' are no such things as ghosts," she replied, impatiently, and then added, heartlessly: "And what if she is dead, it only puts.in end to so much more trouble and anxiety. She is out of the way for good and all now. I only wish her.brother would be asaccom modating. But as for you seeing her wraith-n?nsense "But I tll you I hae," he reiteated " When I left you a while ago, I went to the batler's room to give him some orders about the wine to be used to-morrow evening. And then I thought I'd go and see that-boy, whom I havenot seen now for two or three days I have been so busy about this asair. As I let myself into the secret passage that leads to his room, I was thinking deeply, and walked with my head bent down. I had got about half way in thepssage when something white shot out before, and touched my cheek, making the very marrow in my bones freee, it was so icy cold. Of course, I was startled, and looked up, but I swear to you that I sw Nora Callonby stand ing there all in white, right in my path, and her eyes burning me through with that same ad. terrified look she gave me the day that that body was brought here. She never moved, but stood there like a b'o-k of stone, so that I could not go on without touching her, and that was more thmn mortal man could do. Ugh! ugh I I shall never get that ghastly face out of my mind as long as I lire-deat it 1 And of all times, to come just now, when everything is so gay and jolly," he con cluded, rising, and sinking weakly into a large rocking- chair. "f? alph, you hare either been eating something to disturb year digestion, or eL'e you have taken too much wine this eening. Do get this notion out of your hebd. for no sesible person nowadays believes in ghosts,' said Lady Callonby, impatiently, an! smeewhot s?crnf!lly. "'I have e ken no wriot at a-l, thil evening, neither have i eoaen a'nything uu3-ilr, t, day. I was not t?inking of the girl ven,. until looked up and saw her. I know I rswr her as platrly as 1 tee you now. S" Wife," he went on, after a few minutes spent in dlep thought, " I have a confeio to to naetoyou. I suppo?e 1 ought to have told you in the first place. but 1 know you would worry over it, and aJ I kept it to myself. Nora has never teen at theC cnvent of St. Mary's " "Ses'er been at the Convent of St. 3ary's ? Ralph Callonby, what do you nmean Are you mad, to tell me thisit" demranded his wife, now really frightened, nadl thinking he must rl losing his mind. " No ; it is as I te!l you, and I realis? now that I oleht to have told you before, but I kept hoping to find her at the first, and wheno I hd to give it up, I thought it w-ns no uce fretting you with it.l" Lady Ca?lleobys face was now also blanched to a deadly hue, as she listene I to this fearful piece of news; nor did she I fel any relief as he ?ret cn end told her of Neor's ecpe, and hifs froitles rr?ech in Lndon for hor. " I kept a detective employed for a year." he said. in ceoclioion, " but he cuid diascover nothing ; andl so I came to think *?Ate.all she cared for was to get out of my way, and would nover trouble me any more." And then he told her of the stranger's viai fnom America, and his belief that she xd iodl to that rountry. \- :alph, I am afraid this meso trouble for co," sid hiis wife, looking very much dLstresraed. SNSoeuenas ' he retlroel, with a hoarse laugh. ' If she i dead she cac uo trevble us, cy more than to hsnnt us o,-eastiely-. I confeos I nerer hla such ..etare inmy ife before; hbt noi toat 1 .geiting oer ieth stifleit is a relief to me to know that she has passed in her checks, and I can afford to see a ghost once in a while-for, Maria, our coffers are pretty well filled, my dear. She must be dead, or I would not have seen her ghoot" 1s strove to shake off the terror that was making his heart quake by speaking thus lightly, and he did not like the ex pression of foreboding which remained on his wife's face. " Well, we can do nothing now," she said at last; "but Ithink you had better go to bed at once, if you wish to be fit for anything to-morrow." " No, by Heaven lI will not; ghost or no ghost, I must satisfy myself that all is right with that boy before I sleep. Give me a glass of brandy to steady my nerves, and 1 will get James up, and we will go together and investirate this matter." Lady Callonby complied with his request, and he quaffed the burning fluid at a draught; then, rising, he struggled from the apartment, for his limbs were yet shaking from the fright he had received. He aroused the butler, and they pro ceeded to the vault, where Lord Cuthbert lay apparently sleeping. Iloe had apprehended that his uncle would return a soon as he recovered him self ; and an soon as he found the girls were safely through the secret door, he had retired and feigned sleep, yet deeply grateful that Nora had been taken for a visitant from the spirit world, rather than a living form of flesh and blood. All was dark and quiet when the two men reached his apartment, but he aroused himself as they unbolted the door, and asked what was wanted. His uncle was satisfied, though chills were chasing each other down his back as he asked, regarding him searcehingly "Have you been disturbed by any strange sight or sounds '" "No, air; I have been disturbed by nothing strange. This passage, you are well aware, is too remote from the world to he very much disturbed by either its sights or its sounds," Lord Cuthbert replied, with a touch of sarcasm, and, turning on his eouel, he thus signified his desire to be left alono again. Lord Callonby and his companion re tired, satisfiod that all was right with their prisoner, although the former was more than ever convinced that he had soen Nora's wraith, and even after he had enught his couch he could not entirely shake off his unpleausnt impressions. The nexs morning he took his seat at the breakfast-tablelooking worn and haggard " Are you not well, my lordt" asked Madge, who, as soon as she and Nora found themselves safe once more, con sidered the whole affair the most fortunate circumstance that could have happened, and were delighted that he should have believed Nore a ghoet, and received such a fright Poor Nora, however, did not recover from the shock quite so readily as Madge, and was weak and languid this morng uito well, Miss Margaret, although I did not rest as well as usual last night," his lordship returned, trying to smile. " You look quite ill--almost as people say, as if you had seen a ghost," she replied, demurely, yet not able to resist the temptation to remind him of his mid night adventure. She chuckled to herself as she saw him start;and turn a shade paler, but she calmly buttered her roll, looking beauti fully unconscious the while. " Look as though I had seen a ghost, do I t he repeated, recovering himself quickly, yet regarding her keenly, and the- he asked somewhat anxiously: " Miss Margaret, do you believe in ghosts r . "I-don't-know," said Madge, re flectively, longing to tell him she did, just to add to his torture, but hardly daring to risk ao much as that. "I don't know,"ahe repeated; "at all events I don't believe they ever trouble people who have a cleos conscience." "Then you do think that aperson with a guilty conscience might be hannted by one?" he continued, striving to speak lightly. ?1 think such b person might imagine himself tube haunted if hehad ever done any one great injury." "Then yen are willing to admit that all ghosts are imaginary beings 1' "I can only answer for myself, my lord. I never sw one, although I hare known of people who think they exist," she answered, wickedly, and *hen not caring to be questioned further, she turned to order something of the servant who stood behind her chair; but it did not trouble her in the least to observe that his lordship was anything but rey in his mind during the remainder of the meal. CHAPTER XXII. TEE UNBIDDE\ GUESTS. The day of the much anticipated ball was clear, calm, and beautifuL All around the smiling lardlstpe was wonder fully rich and fair ; pstare and meadow glowed bright and warm as the sun softly caressed the purple heather, and made deeper the vermilion dyes which mottled the landscape here and there. The river in the distance sparkled on between its banks, which were still soft and green, and fringed with tinted trees, while beyond and above all towered the hills like many huge bouquets, giving the fair picture a background richer and rarer than ever glowed upon canvas. Callonby itself gleamed with crimson, gold, and green, while in the midst towered aloft the gray, grim castle, with its many towers and turrets, guarding, like some stern sentinel its paradise benath. The pure October air was almost in toxicatini in its keen exhilaratioo, and it was a joy but to live and breathe, and ge?n upon the glo.ries of that perfect day, while one could not bat acknowleelge the in?inite hond of the great Sculptor, Archi tect, and Painter in it all. Tihe gay company in the castle were in a state ad delightful excitement Trunks and boxes innumerable had arrived the night bolore from London and Paris. and every matron, damsel, and maid was deep in the mysteries of eveninz toilets ; trying on, adminng, or remodelling as the fashionable modiste habud been fortu nate or unfortunate as to fit, taste, or aeraugement of drapery. In Nora's dainty boudoir ocr two young girls, together with Mrs Dispeou, were in the depths of costume study. Madge being determined that Nord's cos tome should be faultleos; and her deft white fingers dle?r in and out amnong the ehining folds of silk and rare creamy lace, putting the last touches to an ele-. gfnt afair just from Paris, the draping of which hod been too sot and stiff to suit her ideas of gracefulneses. Her own dress she huo chen for a Similar ocf cion some time before, bhut acciaden had prverntad hor weaing it.t that time, and now she was free from all nare or porpleOxity regarding er own ap peorce. They cwre ch atting pleasantly, and joyously antlcipating the reunion which would soon tmake them a.ll so happy, when soorone knocked on the door. Nor, at. the sound, started quickly from the chanir, and, gliding through the drnsaing- room, concealed herself in the room beyond; while Madge, calmly and wi'hout a tell-tale shade upon her face, walked to the door and unlockel it. The servant who stood there reached forward a salver with a mcd upon it, and Hladge'a bright eyes danced joyowly as ehe read "I'ercival lruce " upon it. " Say to the gentleman we are very much engaced just now, and he will do us a favor if he will come up here," she said, af cr a moment's thought, and knowing he would not be eurprised at her request, as in no other way could he meet Norm before evening. The servant bowed and retired to do her bidding, soon returning, however, with the aforesaid gentleman. Bloth mother and daughter groueeted heim joy ously, and, after again securely locking the door, Madge flaw into her chamber and drew Norm forth, blushing, yet dimp ling with happy nmile. A long and interesting chat followed, after which Sladge took Percy down into the drawingroom to find her father, and introduce him to the company. Evening came; the most brilliant and gay that Callonby had ever known-the mnoat wretched and miscrablo its pre tended lord and master had ever epe rienced. Everywhere light and beauty prevailed. From the tops of its numerous towers and turrete to the gravelled drive way around it the castle was brilliant with many colored lights A sort of triumphal arch had been erected across the aveounoe in front of the grand entrance, beneath which the carriages drove to deliver their fair freight, and from this tiny colored lights were suspended by inv'sibhlo -,?r, forming the word " Welcome." The central fountain in the park was surrounded with them, and sparkled from two arches crossing each other high above it, making the spot look like some bewil dering vision of fairyland. In the dainty pacviion, too, erected for the accommoda tion of the various bands, light and beauty reigned, streamem waved and flattered in the breeze, flowers added brightness to the scene, and made the air heavy with their fragrance. Strange, was it not, that the Lord of Callonby should have loved it so-this light--revealing everything around, above, below, when his life and deeds were so evil ? Yet how fitting, too, and how emblem atic, when after the darkness and sha dows which had so long rested upon and wrapped in gloom the lives of the legiti mate family, that thus that darknes and shadow should be dispelled, and the evil so long reigning there be revealed to the world. Within the castle new;beauties awaited to charm the eye and ravish the senses. The decorator had indeed profited by the carte mblan.e given him by his lordship, and had made the venerable old structure a perfect paradise with his art. I he grand entrance hall was adorned upon every panel with the English coat of-arms-a shield surmounted by a crown, the shield of solid green, the crown of golden narcius-a compliment of which Her Majesty herself might have been proud, had she baenpresent to view it The ballroom was simply foetooned with dark glssy green, mingled with white flowers, with hanging baskets at every available point,and seemed so pure and cool that it was a pleasure to move and breathe in its lovely shade, while the golden lamps, suspended by invisible wires, seemed like glowworms fliotmg among the emerald green. (To be Costmted i 