AN INDIAN GHOST STORY. Mr. F. JJ. Skrinc tells a strange story in the- Calcutta "National Magazine'' oi' what happened to him when engaged in census operations in the ".lungipore"' district of Bengal. He was spending the nigth as the guest ol' an indigo manufacturer and his wife, both French. "1 was awakened in the dead of night," says tlie writer, "and sat up, trembling with the terror which comes once or twice in a lifetime from the approach of the unknown. A child's voice came from without. In tones of agony it shrieked, "Mamma! Ayah!' 1 sprang through the open French window into tlie (lower garden. All was still, except the thump of my heart as 1 listened intently. It must have been a jackal, 1 thought; but hark. Again the wail rang out, •Mamma, Ayah!' This time there was no mistake a.s to tiie direction. The sounds came from the indigo vats, an appurtciiance ot every t'adorv. They arc deep masonry cisterns, in which the green plant is immersed in order io extract tlx- colouring matter. 1 ran down the avenue, climbed the party wall separation the row of va's, and peered into the dark recesses of each. All were empty, save one iiiied with clear water to serve as a reservoir for the garden, and it showed 110 sign of human life. Filled with creeping fear. 1 turned and walked slowly towards the house over ground on which the feathery foliage of the ciisiiarinos seemed to be photographed by ihe moonlight. High above their mournful sough there came again the childish screams. 1 ran back 10 the vats, and searched each in vain. 'Shall I alarm the house?" I asked myself. The feeling that, human intervention was useless restrained me, and I sought my bed, whereon 1 tossed till the morning sun pierced the Venetian Minds, jt was very late, according to Anglo-Indian ideas, ere I joined my entertainers at breakfast. There was something in my appearance which showed that all had not gone well, for I was pressed with questions as to whether I had slept soundly. I admitted that 1 had not, and began to tell the strange episode of the night. Before the denouement was reached my hostess sank from hir chair in a swoon. 11. Gilbert, as he ran to her assistance, cast on me a glance of menace and reproach which I shall never forget. With the help of the servants he carried the poor creature to an adjoining bedroom, leaving me in mute amazement at the effect of my plain, unvarnished tale. After ten minutes or so he returned, and striding up to me, said in a voice trembling with fury, "Well, sir, what am I to understand by this mystification?' 'What on earth do you mean?' 'Yes, sir; mystification. And permit me to observe that it is in execrable taste." So saving M. Gilbert brought bis pudgv fist down on the bible with a thump that'made the hot-water dishes sound a carilion. Shifting my position to a pomt within reach of the carving knife, jn view of active hostilities, I replied, "Now, M. Gilbert, perhaps vou will explain the meaning of such language to a guest.' There was something in mv manner which impressed the unhappv man. He grew calmer, and asked anxiouslv whether I bad really heard the voice in the dead of the night, and whether I did not know the misfortune which had wrecked his life, and was breaking his wife's heart. 1 assured him. on mv word of honour, that I had heard his name for tlie first time on ihe previous dav. "Sir.', lie replied after a pause, •our little boy was drowned a year ago m those vats." " 