A Dean's Anecdotes. Some one has said that every life story ls of Interest if properly narrated. Dean Plgou's "Phases of My Life" gives point to the remark, for it is made up of incidente which might have (happened to any clergyman moved on from post to post in the ascending seale, which ia tihe happy Jot of some only. The book is entertaining read ling; ¡and contrasts past and. present usages an'1 ddoas instructively. Dean Pigou, a deecendaut of a Huguenot family,.. is well known in- York- shire. He has done service for . the Church of .England at Doncaster, at Halifax, where for some years he was vicar, aud he received part of, his education at Ripon Grammar School. His father was an officer in the Queen's Bays, who, on his (marriage, retired from the army, and being fond of ¿the Continent, lived abroad for many years.; Hence it happened that the Dean of Bristol "was toora'at Baden-Baden In 1832. ' f Parish clerks are the subjects of some gool stories. Said one of these officials to another,; "Do ; you have matins in your church?" "No, ' was the reply, "we prefer linoleum;" Dean Plgou .heard . Bishop Wilberforce tell of a parish clerk "Whowas"always complaining of some new ritual- istic evolution. "Anything more to complain of of "late?" inquired the Bishop. "Yes, my Lord, and very serious; our Vicar has taken to buming 'insects.' " i - One of them, a new one, paid his first visH' to aa old lady, who at once said, in broad Yorkshire: "Eh! you're the new curate, ain't you?" "Yea," he said. "Well, now, I'll tell you what yer does when yer comes to see me. . . . You takes that stool, d'ye see? You sits down, reads ma a short--mind, a bhört- Psalm. You gives me a .shilling, and then ye can go." Some of the best of the Dean's stories come from Halifax. One of these concerns his verger, one Sagar. Imagine him, a venerable figure with grey hair, skull cap, gown, and verger's staff. In ignorance they had married a man to his decea- sed wife's sister. Sagar, whose business it was to settle the business about the banns, was at once cross-examined: "Oh ! yes. Vicar," said he, "I knowed right well. -I knöwed parties." "But why did you not tell me? I should have forbidden them." "Well, Vicar, it;was just this way, <?o you see; one of the parties was 84, and t'other 86\. I says to myself: 'L»ord, they cant live long; let 'em wed, and bother the laws!'" There are various wedding stories,:each of them g od. One of his curates was; uniting "a happy pair, but when he asked the'man if he would have / woman for his wedded wife, saidïthé man: "I.woll if lass will'black my boots." On being cautioned the man explained: "Coming down Hortoh-street. I says to this 'ere lass, 'Now, lass, yer maun pro- mise yer'll black my boots. If yer'll no promise, I'll no wed yer." She wouldn't, he didn't. Such is Yorkshire. Other verger stories are uncommonly amusing. One day the Dean was about to step into the pul- pit of a church at Dewsbury, which was ia" a woebegone condition. , So was \he verger, very dilapidated. But he was full of Yorkshire hospita- lity. As ho was conducting the preacher to his rostrum he suddenly stopped, and, pointing to the vestry, the door of which was open, whis- pered, ".Had yer like a drop of somat first ?" This reminds the Dean of another story-what a me- mory he has! It concerns another saintly Dean. "The dear Dean preached with great vigor thia evening." "Yes, sir," said, the butler, "I gave him a glass of sherry with a hegg beat up in it." A- Dean Pigou truly says, the professional view of things is amusing, and may bo embarrassing. A hairdresser, one of whose customer.! be 'was,¡ attended St. Phillip's. Whilst he was cutting his hair he whispered confidentially: "When you wás preaching, sir, yesterday, I couldn't help think- ing your hair wanted cutting, and that you had it rather too flat on one side." ' This story is told of the late Dr. Thomson, Archbishop of York. He was put into a reputedly haunted room. Next morning he !was Meagerly asked, "Well, did your Grace see anything last. night?" "No." "Are you quite sure?'1 "Oh, yes; at'about twelve o'clock I hëârd a knock at, the door." "Yes; that was the ghost. That ' is . exactly what he does. What did you do?" V ''Oh, I '.said, 'Come in, come in.' " "How braye of you! And did he come in?" ."Yes, an old sal- low-looking man with bent figure and long hair." "Yes; that is the ghost who haunts this house. Arid what did you do?" "I got out. of;bed and, went up to him. I asked him if he belonged to the house, and he nodded assent. I asked him if he¡: was a parishioner; he nodded assent.- I 'said, 'I am anxious to build some new schools, will you give me a subscription?' He disappeared and has never been seen since." Young Pigou left Ripon for Cheltenham . Col- lege, arid thence passed on to the' Academy at Edinburgh. Finally, he graduated at Trinity College, Dubliri. The Dean's story of Archbishop Trench, at i dinner, pinching the leg of a lady sitting next; to him,, under the belief it was his own, and becoming alarmed that he felt no sen-, sation, is not well told. It suggests another, however, of a lady who had- provided a dozen oy- sters, as a special treat for her husband,, giving him strict injunctions that he must give none to his guest. The laws of hospitality notwithstand- ing prompted him to offer some, and the guest took four, but. could noL be prevailed upon to take more. After dinner,': and as soon as he was alone' with, his wifo, she rated him for his stupidity/and told him that she had kicked him under the table to stop, him offering the oysters. "My dear," he replied, "you never once kicked me." The modération of 'the guest was explained. Young* Pigou's first curacy was at Stoke Talmage, in the diocese of Oxford. - <,.'?'? The Bishop (Samuel Wilberforce) proceeded to give some; information about my curacy. "You are", going," he* said, "to a very small parish, a mere hamlet, which has for years beeu sadly ne- glected. Your rector has long been incapaci- tated from doing duty by old age. The services have been conducted by a 'hack.* Religion has: been kept alive by a local Methodist preacher, a pork butcher. He lives on his own freehold in the parish. He is a bitter Dissenter. Be ad- vised by me. I particularly enjoin you to be careful not to offend him; live on good terms with him; let your relations with him be conciliatory and friendly." When one remembers the abuse heaped on the Bishop's devoted head, the names by which he was nicknamed, the unworthy sus- picions entertained of him, the attitude of hos- tility with which he was credited towards Dissen- ters« I am jlad to be able to place un record the 'advice he gave me, In vindication of the asper- sions cast upon him. The rector of the young curate was famous for hla port wine, and an incident is mentioned by Dean PIgou which marks the immense change in I current ideas between fifty years ago and now. IA neighboring squire invited the curate to dine with him.,, j After dinner he beckoned to me to sit by him, and congratulated mo on my curacy. "You are a most fortunate young man." Dismayed as I was at the prospect of my first curacy affording j me so contracted a sphere of usefulness, I re j plied, "In what respect do you think me fortu I nate? I shall be only too thankful to know what the curacy has to recommend lt." "Why, young man, your rector has the finest port wine, the very finest port wine in the kingdom, and you are precious lucky to be.curate to such a man!" Such was the estimate of a good curacy In the good old days by country squires ! The parish church was in a shocking condition-"very small, very dirty, and untidy. Cocks and hens ' roosted on week days in the pulpit." This was half a cen- tury'ago. There may be very high ritual there now. i Young Plgou was a student of natural history, | and thought he would give "cottage lectures" i with the aid of his microscope. " j My first attempt waa a great failure. I was i showing a. farmer, .who had recently-taken the pledge, a drop of water, full of life and animation. "Lor', sir/' he exclaimed, "why, it is worse than beer! . I must go back to beer!" I went homo I with a heavy heart, ' but ere soft sleep came I decided on what course, and promptly, to take. I committed a "pious fraud," for which I hope I have long since been forgiven. I went next morning to a pond where I knew I should find the lava of a gnat, which is not unlike a young scorpion, I announced that I would give a lecture on beer, and persuaded the farmer to at- tend this lecture. I furtively slipped the larva into the beer. When he saw it wriggling about in. this environment of beer, he again exclaimed, to my great rest and satisfaction, "Why, I'm-, slr, it is worse than water!" and he went hack to teetotalism. Sagar, verger of : Halifax . Parish Church, was quite a character in his way. He figures in several good ' stories, of which these may servo as examples: On one occasion a bridegroom discovered after the service that he had no money with him to pay the fees. "I leno wed right well, Vicar, that he had the brass." Sagar went to the: bride, in his most winsome way, and asked her, "Hast ev>?r seen Black . Bibles? We've a rare lot on 'em in this 'ero vestry " "No," she said, not having the faintest idea of what a Black Bible was. "Coom along, I'll show yer them." He lured her into our inner vestry. - "There's the Bibles," he said, pointing to them, locked up as they were in a bookcase with glass panels, of which he had,not the key. "Wait a while till I come back." Ho turned the key of .the vestry on her, locked her up, and, going to the bridegroom, said, "Lass is all right, but you'll no have her till you have paid." The "brass" was immediately forthcom- ing. Á butcher, on being married, expressed to Sagar his regret that he had no fees> and said, "Do you think, Sagar, Vicar would take it out In sheep's heads?" Fancy being paid "in kind," and a sack of raw sheep's heads left at the Vicarage. 