A Christmas Mask. [By U.X.L.] Author of ' Old Carl's Rug,' ' The Cabbage Tree Man,1 etc (All Rights Reserved.) Continued. Minna Western and Helen Cleeve were first in the drawing-room, the lights were not lit ; but the fire with its blazing logs threw a bright glow round the fire-place. They were seated on a couco siae Dy siae laiKing sdoui Many. ' He is as fascinating as ever,' said Minna, * I regard him as 'dangerous.' I caught my self pitying him and admiring his silly black beard.' ' Harry is very handsome and I feel for him because his life is so wrong, wasting his time in idlenessj but of course he is not wicked only foolish, and then be likes company so much, particularly theatres, so he spends money that way, and is quite awful about dinners, then be lends money, puts his name to * bills' what ever they are ; papa told me about it.' ' Of course, it is very wicked,' said Minna. ? I mean to try and coax him to stay here and be good. I am not. a child now, so he will listen to me. I am a rich girl, for my mother's portion is mine now, so I can help Harry as well as papa. There is only him, we are so few, I think he can be saved, don't you, Minna ?' ' Yes I do, but remember Helen your father's warning and do not think too much of him.' ' Nonsense, Minna, I am too wise.' Harry Bertram who quickly opened the door unseen or heard by the two girls bad listened to their conversation. Now with some noise be said : ' Sitting by the firelight, I believe you know Nell that the half light makes your bead look like gold : don't you think so Miss Western ?' ' I do not,' said the young lady, 'we like it, there is something so nice and cosy in the fire light/ ' You can ring for light, Master Harry,' said Helen, 'just for your rude speech, and we won't care a pin for your best ghost story.' An interruption came in the entrance of Mrs. Western, who was a distant cousin of Robert Cleeve and lived in his bouse as a cbaprone for Helen. Harry Bertram advanced and shook* bands with the lady, who explained that she had but just returned from seeing her eldest daughter who was the wife of a baronet (Sir William Royse) living a few miles away. ' You ought to have stayed, mama,' said Minna, ' it is too cold for you to be out on such a day, you know a cold nearly kills you.' 'It was very bleak driving back, but I do not think I have taken a fresh cold,' said the elder lady. ' You oaght to be careful,' said Mr. Cleeve entering at this moment ; ?you know how easily you are laid up with bronchitis.' The lady who was a stout, cheerful woman laughed and pointed to her fur-trimmed robe of velvet saying, 'My dress is warm and not likely to encourage a cold if one was malicious enough to com eto me ; but those girls in their thin silks and half- covered necks are more likely to be caught.' ' Young blood is active,' said Robert Cleeve giving his arm to Mrs. Western, ' we old folks are more likely subjects.' ' / am, Robert,' said the lady as she went to her dinner ; you forget you are only on the shady side of forty.' Harry Bertram with a merry laugh at Helen gave his arm to Minna Western. Christmas was over with all its festivities ; the country people had feasted, danced and performed their little plays; they bad been loaded with gifts and filled with good tbines. The hall had been full of visitors. Now all was quiet again ; Helen and Minna Western with Harry Bertram bad been to a good many dinners and small dances. Mrs. Western playing her part of cbaprone with energy, now her enemy (asevere cold) con fined her to her room, the doctor fearing bron chitis forbade her leaving it. She was sitting up and could enjoy herself in society of the young people. Harry Bertram bad been very quiet ; he had pleased his uncle by not tasting any kind of stimulant ; they began to believe in him. He wondered how long it would be before his uncle started him again and what would be his position, he thought of the woman who bad left him for a richer man and cursed her. More than once he thought of Helen and her graceful beauty ; smiling when he called to mind that she was rich enough to tempi him to marry her and lovely enough to please any man. One day he was wandering about the house, not knowing what to do when the servant told him that Mr. Cleeve was wishing to see him in the library. There Harry found his uncle seated at a table on which lay a pile of papers. ' Sit down, Harry/ said he, ' I want to put a scheme before you that may suit your future prospects. I have here a number of papers relating to the colonies ; the fortunes made there are wonderful.' Harry did not speak, he did not at all like his uncle's words. ' Australia is the place for a young man, these sheep and cattle stations are mines of wealth ; it is no use my getting you in any ?ppointm-Tit again, you do not seem to be able to keep anything of that sort,' said Mr. Cleeve looking at him. ' I am quite content here, I don't think I have shown that I do not like a quiet life,' said Harry. ? I think the cr.lnny is best for you,' said Mr. Cleeve. Mr. Cleeve said this with a look of resolve that Harry well understood. ' I suppose I must go,1 said be sulkily, ' but I shall not be improved by being sent away from Helen.' ' Helen !' cried Mr. Cleeve, ' what has she to do with it or you, she has nothing io common with you ? If you cannot accept a sum of money from me to start in Australia and make a living for yourself, I can do no more for you and I will take Helen abroad, you can have no thought of Helen, think of Carina, take her with you, I would give you more, my all, but not Helen. Why is it you never considered Helen before ?' ' She is too lovely for a man to see and not love,' said Harry with some spile in his voice. ' And you a drunkard, a reprobate of the worst kind would take my pure child from me ; she who has nevei heard a thing that would deepen the color on her cheek. She shall know all if you dare to hint a word to her to make her think of you other what you are — her cousin.' ' Harry do not make me sorry thai I saved you from a debtor's prison.' Mr. Cleeve with anger and grief seemed overcome. ? I do not wish to anger you uncle, but to send me far away is like casting me off for ever.' Kobert Sleeve rose and paced tne room, ne iras greatly agitated, be looked at the young nan seated there his hands in his trousers rackets, a sulky look on bis face. I shall bate him thought Robert Cieeve ; -ul he shall go. I'll do nothing else for him. He said, ' You can have enough money to ake you to Australia and I will buy you a station and that's all I will do.' * There's nothing left for me but to go,' said Harry ; * I do not like it but I will go as you lesire it.' * It is for your good, Harry.' ' And will send me thousands of miles from Helen,9 he answered. * Helen is not to be thought of, she has nothing to do with your life or you with hers,' said Robert Cleeve, angrily, ' you may think as [ have been so mild in my anger with you, at the way you repaid my care, that I have for gotton youi sins. Your parents left but a few pounds when they died. I charged myself w ith four education ; your little means you bad when you came of age was increased by my care. You wasted everything, but all is useless to re call. I tell you this : you shall never have Helen and if it was so, I would not give her a penny. I would marry and forget I had a daughter.' ' You need not fear, I accept your offer and will be off to Australia as soon as you wish.' ' Well, well, Harry, it is for your good,' said Mr. Cleeve, ' I will be liberal, you bhall have a cheque and go to see about your outfit as soon as you like.' ' Very well uncle,* said Harry ; I hope it is for the best, at any rate I'll try it. Mr. Cleeve wrote him a cheque for £100 saying, ' I will place money to your credit at my banker's, this will buy clothes ; you had better get them first, at least as Isoon as you like.' ' I don't see what good it is waiting if I have to go. I will go now.9 Harry Bertram rose and left the room think ing to himself. * He wants to get me away from Helen, urn, urn,9 ' I shall know no peace until he is gone,9 said Robert Cleeve when alone ; ' I'll get Mrs. Western to take the girls to pay a visit to Sir William Royse for a time. I have no fear for Helen but I do not want Harry to put such a thing as pity in her heart for she is such a fond creature that she would fancy she could change him into a saint.' At this moment Helen came in, ' I knew you were alone, papa, so I came to tell you some thing ; poor Minna in such grief, Mrs. Western is worse and the doctor fears she is going to be very ill ; it is something on her lungs he says.' * Dear me how unfortune, I was hoping she was much better,9 said Mr. Cleeve. ' I am so sorry,' said Helen almost in tears. * Helen my dear I want you to help me to get Harry away, he is to go to Australia.' ' Australia!' said Helen ; that is good, he will in a new world and he a great man, per haps be'll marry there and we will go to see his home when he is a prosperous, rich man, I think it splendid..' * You may miss him, Nell.9 ' Miss him, how could I, he is almost a stranger to us, we only see him at Christmas.9 'Well dearest,' said Cleeve, kissing her, for he was glad she cared so little and felt telieved, I am glad you like the idea, but we are for getting, I must see at once that every comfort is provided for Mrs. Western, she is a bad subject tor illness being so stout.' ' Yes, indeed, papa,9 replied Helen 'so Harry is going to be a sbeepfarmer or something like that, in the faraway lands where they get gold. We shall not miss him, he seems like one of our 'Christmas masks' coming only at our festive season.' ' I am anxious to see Minna, I know my cousin is a bad subject for any look attack,9 said Mr. Cleeve. Mr. Cleeve was much disturbed ; he was at a loss what to do knowing how confiding Helen was, he dreaded the influence of Harry Ber tram ; she, if he managed well (as well as he had managed me) Mr. Cleeve said to himself, would trust him and think heaven intended to be her Saviour from the sins, he was too weak or wicked to resist. He turned to Helen saying as he put his arm around her : 'Well, my darling child, you know what you have been to me — the life of my life, for you I am still unmarried. I promised to be your father and mother until a nearer pro tector took my place. I think I see now the room where your mother died, I see the sun shining with soft rising light as it lit up my wife's dying face. I stood by her side her band in mine, and lying in unconscious sleep was the infant whose life was her death ; you, my Nell, I have kept my promise, and if the angel can see us she knows how well I loved her, how true I have been to her memory. That I might be everthing to you, I have no Cleeve to leave in my old borne when I go.' ' Oh, dear, papa, what has made you so sad ? Mrs. Western is not so ill that you should get so miserable,9 said Helen withtears in her eyes, smoothing her father's cheek with ber hand. 'No, dearest, I hope Mrs. Western is not very ill, it is not Nell which disturbs me, it is Harry, youi wild, foolish cousin. Promise me that you will never listen to a word of love from him.' ' From Harry,' cried Helen surprised, ' he has not a thought of me in that way I believe he rather admires Minnie.' Mr Cleeve knew better, yet he did not like the remarks. * You will promise me, Nell, will you not, I would rather lay you beside your mother than see your pure life given to his, he has done things that would make him hateful to your pure mind and they are such that I could not tell you.' ' Papa dearest do not fear, I will never listen to Harry's flatteries, and I promise never to disobey you, or willingly to cause you a moment's sorrow ; as to Hany, well dear papa do not think of it. I will not let myself feel one spark of pity for him or listen to him at all.9 Robert Cleeve with a sigh kissed her fondly. He could not lift the feeling of dread from his heart, and when his arms were about bis daugh ter, he almost wished he could keep ber close to him for ever. Helen, too, bad a vague feeling of fear sbe could not define. Tears were in her eyes which she hid from her father. ' Papa dear,9 sbe said commanding her voice; * we forget Mrs. Western.9 ' Yes, indeed,' said Mr. Cleeve, * I must see at once how she is.9 With this be lefi the room, and Helen with slow thoughtful step went to bers. Alone she lay back in a chair thinking of the words her father had spoken. [To be continued.] 