spirits. FROM Till'# CHEAT BEYOND, CALLED UP BY MRS IELLON. A NIGHT "WITH "MEDIUMS," A SECOND ACCOUNT. BY ANOTHER SCRIBE. 'AN IMPARTIAL INVESTIGATION. As you ri'ach tho locality familRtrly mown as "The Junction," St. Kllda, you tiro confronted with thrco anpk-H. That Js a commonplace enough remark to muke, but ft l« nocesstiry to mention it, because 1 wish to complain t the outset uf what sounded to me like a very lllppant observation by one of the three friends I accompanied on Sat urday uvenhiR. iho 7th Inst., when I first went with them to see Mrs Mellon raise spectres. FLIPPANT COMPANIONS. The observation i refer to was this : "Spirits on tnp nt throe corncrn. hoys." It is (ftiUe true that alcoholic fluids are dispensed In return for pieces of silver nt premises situatn on the two outer coiners, but tho central ornir is the ' Alfred Hall, In u.n upstairs room of which Mrs Mr-Hart, whose Sydney fame— another commonplace expression. I fear —preceded her, had set up her Cabinet. It seemed to me, as one who ivmj (colnff with a perfectly unprejudiced and open mind, that It was irreverent for one of my sceptical companions to Juts let his lonaue run riot, and for the rtthors to pay the homage of their ap proval by jyivlnirvcnt to a Rtiffaw apiece, iiuvin? been nt a previous seance, Mr Lumsdon. well known au an amateur sonjiirer. passed us in. As I understand that in the account which precedes tills a sulllclcnlly accu rate description of the scene has been given, I will not trouble the render with 1 repetition. I only desire to say that as an impartial investigator, with a mind very susceptible to impressions, I was keenly DISAPPOINTED with the "Cabinet." I had expected It to be something very different, I can't explain exactly what 1 did expect, hut I did anticipate something more Inviting lo Hie "enfranchised sprites" than a com mon pair of cross striped hall-curtains, hung witlt a piece of cord ncroiM a corner of tho room. Ranked by pieces of cardinal colored rep cloth, the purpose of tho latter being to form a dark back-ground, to show up the shadowy form3 that were to he called up by tire agency of the me dium. I wns nearly going to agree with myself (if I may put it that way), that I wns also disappointed with the medium, but the smile which Mrs Mellon was pleased to bestow on nie as she collected my half-crown caused me to decline to register that opinion. Again, I would have very much preferred, as an investi gator, to have secured a scat in the front row of the semi-circle, but, alas, those chairs were sacred to either believers or those on the broad highway to belief. Fain I would have interviewed a - friendly spirit, and, discarding aught else. have produced the result in cold type on Monday morning. I could have asked— but what need to enumerate the subjects upon which I could have administered Interro gatories. I listened respectfully to the announce ments made ou behalf of Mrs Mellon by a stalwart male friend, possessed of an apparently quiet, hesitating tone. - Ho Invited any (Granger la examine the "Cabinet," and nobody scented inclined to do so, until uomcbody suggested a visitor by name. The" gentleman an re ferred to compiled, although we all knew that It was a mere formality doing ho. The gas having been turned out, an-J only a faint glimmer uf a tiny keropene ianip left In. the room, wo nil Joined In uji effort to produce, as requested, IlARMO?n AND VI il RATION." 'A young J.idy who sat at thu left end of , the front and who was evidently used to leading voices, started the hymn, . "Nearer My God to Thee." i confess I joined In. though I took care lo be always a trifle behind the others as my vocal powers, musically considered, have cither not boen properly developed, or my voice Is nothing to speak of. One hymn w.ls not Eutllcicnt to move nny spirit hovering around to reveal Itself, and we had to keep on singing. "Shall We Gather nt the River, "and "Tho Sweet By nnd Rye" were then contributed hi turn, by way of invo cation, and suddenly two or three in the front row called silence by uttering the ominous command "Sh-sh-sh-sh-sh." THE FIRST SPIRIT. Wo all peered Into the darkness, and then observed a very shadowy form to the right of the "Cabinet" showing against the cardinal-colored cloth. We were not introduced, those of us who wore utrang- t i-s— atul it struck me that a little polite- nvss would not bo out nf the way, even In one's dealings with spirits. A lady In the front addressed the shadowy form, no daubt, "Because as we are told— a sad old Joke, Ghosts, like the ladies, 'never speak till spoke to.' " She culled the apparition "Charlie." 7 heard a faint small voice whbper In re turn, as If In acknowledgment of the salu tation. 10 the same lady; and a friend of the like sex Junked some more questions. and got answers Inaudible to me. (Jp to this time, Mrs Mellon had been sitting iutidde (he "Cabinet." When the first up- partiilun vanished, or, to speak technical ly, "denrateriallsfd,"Mrs iK-lbn's stalwart male friend suggested that she should go inside the Cabinet, us her power would h? greater. 1 was rather gratified at this an nouncement. hi one way, for 1 welcomed the opportunity to see plainer "manlfesta. Hons." to use another technical term. On the other hand I regarded It as a pity that any sccptUs should he given opportunities to iwike the comment that there might be trickery Inside the "Cabinet." not withstanding that such headstrong people hud been shown that there was nothing concealed there. There are some people, I believe, whose Impudence would stretch lo the ex tent of having Mrs Mellon searched before their doubts would bo shaken. BOLDER SPIRITS. Well, Mrs Mellon got inside tho "Cabinet," and was concealed from our view, and It was quite true that from that point onward the spirits that manifested themselves for our edilieation were more boldly outlined. Now, up to this lime, the proceedings were practically the same at ,a previous seance, on a former Satur day night, except that a different gen tleman made (he "announcements" for Mrs Mellon, and I noted that he was not so thoughtful und comldcruto as the ilrsi ' gentleman, as the medium herself had to suggest, after the advent of ' our Juvenile friend, "Charlie," Huu he should go inside the "Cabinet." I propose now to refer, as well as me mory will permit, to tho various ghostly forms that revealed themselves to U3 during tho two evenings, only par ticularising where necessary. At an early stage on both evenings— mlcd, we kept on pouring forth our souls In song, to woo the spirits— wu saw a mist-like form rise from the floor to about the height of a child of alx or seven. There was a murmur from the first row of "IT'S FANNY." and that's all the introduction we got, Fanny did not deign to notice anyone outside the front row, although she was 011 familiar terms, apparently, wllh the fortunate ones there seated. She prat tled away In the tone, and after the manner of childhood, with a suggestion of precocity tfl&t; was about sufficient to make her interesting. She called some of the ladles— several of whom are cither mediums or developing into such —by their names, and expressed her delight ut seeing thorn there. What better evidence could an open-minded person desire? Wasn't the apparition in orthodox form, and did It not speak in appropriate voice to confound tlm doubting Thoinnse present? Anyone who would suggest thaba piece of gossa mer drapery was merely manipulated skilfully, or that the medium was on lmr knees, "working the oracle," by deftly handling her skirts, must only lie classed as a sceptic of the worst type, that no thing ran convince. Then. Isn't It monstrous to suppose for a moment (ns one of tho elect put the matter to me), that Mrs Mellon would "descend" to mimicking a child's voice. On tho first night, but not on the second, our singing was interrupted by THE COMING OF CISSY, who materialised with an agility vastly becoming .in one of the years she must have numbered when she took leave of her earthly tenement Cissy xvaa gracious enough to whisper a response to a ques tion or to, and, most extraordinary of all. to recall her mortal childhood's days vividly, by complying with a request of a lady to dance. By way of encouragement, Iho lady began— "Lut, lul a-Ia, I#a la la; Lul. lul a-lul, 3 -a la la la;" —an old-fasblonod polka tune, in fact. One of our party recollected quite un- splrltual words, which ho said at one Umc belonged to the tune, and later on gleefully sung them as follows;— My mother says That I must go To Newcastle races, oh! A pork-plo hat And a white lace shawl, An alpaca dress, And a green parasol. And that little spirit there kept excel lent time with Its materialised feet. The patter was heard plainly, and. need 1 say, that ail .who, like myself, were ppon-mlnded, were bcaecmhigly thrilled. The poet Moore tells us that— "Like the breeze that sighs along lied of Oriental Rowers Is the grateful breath of song That once was heard tn happier hours." But what of tho patter of tho Infantile feet that wns heanl In happier hours— patter such an we heard nt this seance? What poet shall do justice to that? Would anyone dare think that Sirs Mel lon toyed with the feelings of poor mortals by suggesting that she was mere ly keeping time to the other lady's vocal musk; with a piece of stick, over which was thrown, some white drapery? Perish thu thought! I wan much Interested In one spirit form which rose. (They all ore sup posed to rise, though I noted that a few, evidently experienced spirits at materi alisation, seemed to come right out from behind the curtain.) This spirit was that of u lady who died eight weeks ago at a provincial centre — so we were informed; and un impeachable confirmation was lent to the statement by tho husband of the de ceased lady, who was present. Being addressed, the spirit whispered a name, which a lady in front' pronounced more distinctly. I did not catch the name distinctly un "lh InsL, but on lust Saturday night I got A STARTLER, us the name of the person pronounced Founded remarkably like my own. I was just about lo answer when a youngish man uf about my own height, who sat near to me, spoke up and asked In tones in which nfToclinn, grief, and resigna tion were blended : "in that you Louie?" 1 heard the spirit form respond by say ing : "Willie." ' Mr asked the spirit IT she were happy, and she whispered : "Yes;" and one of the ladles In front asked her how long it was si-ce she died. I had thought that in the realms beyond time was not measured as we apportion it. hut straight came the answer from the spirit: "Seven weeks." That wns on the 7th. On tho next Satur day night thu reply was: "Eight weeks." The bereaved husband was perfectly sa tisfied, uml explained to me that he en tertained not t.hc slightest doubt that what we saw wns the shade of Ids wife, Hecarednot.hu said, by whose or what agency, she "came back," It was her well-rcrnomhered voice, her whisper. No woman, he argued, would so harrow the feelings of a man as to play with him Iri that way. It would be an outrage deserving of moot condign punishment, he remarked, and If lie w:us satisfied with the evidence, ho asked why should not I be.. I will leave It to the reader to decide whether or not I should be satisfied. A TALL SPRITE. More harmony, and then from tho front row the word was passed round that It wan "Wuratah." My gaze was riveted on a form that kept on ascending from the Roar, till Plain and more pluln the unsubstantial sprite, To our astonished gazo each moment grfcw. Ghastly and gaunt It raised Us shadowy height, Of more than mortul seeming to the view. And round Us long thin bony lingers drew A tattered winding sheet— of course all while. Those lines from the Ingoldsby Legend slightly altered duncrlbu pretty accurate ly what f saw. An obliging friend whis pered that Wuijnlah was an Indian. It was noon mode clear, how ever, that Wuratah had In his mortal days conic hi contact with tho English language, for after pro nouncing something like ''yah," ho was told by the lady who sang for Cissy's dance to stamp on the; floor und strike the wall. He responded with alacrity, and both sounds' were convinc ing enough. How could I have any doubt after that ? Could I, for un Instnnt, entertain such an absurd notion that Mrs Mellon had come out of the "Cabinet," and held a white-lined outer skirt or a Jllmsy Inner one above her head, and per formed the other feats mentioned? IIow could I? Besides, did not YVuratah puss hi nt one side of the cabinet, and oblig ingly came out nguJn at 'the other side, co that the people on that side should see him? And did not the "mediums" pre sent express concern lest the materialised Indian coukl not get past Mrs Mellon, who sat In the "cabinet?" MINOR SPIRITS. There were several other minor Bpirlts, wlUi 110 special Individuality. One on Saturday night week, the- former contented herself . by advising u male friend In tho audlcnoe to "keep on," which was Interpreted to mean to keep on developing his tnedi- umlstic propensities. There was also a form whose mission was not qulto clear. In fact, It was a shy spirit rather. Perhaps It resented the wonderful fami liarity which tho elect evinced towards the spirits. It nodded when asked if It wag "for Mrs — Mrs — 's volco sounfied unfamiliar, and the spirit would have nothing to do with bcr,.and after further enquiries it was ascertained that it was "for another Mrs — Beyond a nod of tho head, this sprite oosvsyed nothing. RAIL GEORDIR Nest ctme the redoubtable Oeordi, of whom so much was heard throughout Australia when he was appearing on the Sydneyslde. Geordle. it would seem, holds a command of some sort In Splritland. In deed. he led n to believe, for he is a socia ble sprite, that he fulfilled functions in connection with Mrs Melton's sconce nearly akin to those of an earthly stage manager. Geordle has a Caledonian ac cent, but one of our party, who Is quali fied to Join the Scottish Regiment, found fault. with the spirit's pronunciation of the word "many." Geordie address ed the mediums and one or, two others with tho air of an old and popu lar acquaintance, calling them by their u:uncs, and he quizzed one lady whom he designated "Lizzie," for being "vera quiet th' nlcliL" lie (Uoordit.-) spoke to the young gentleman (the be reaved husband with a name something Hk»» my own) and told him his wife was happy. He Intimated also to a Mr — tht It was no use his trying to develop his modlumisUc characteristic any fur- iher. as he would never be able to raise more than a smoky haze in the way of a spirit Mr — — accepted the ndvice calmly and without emotion. Much sorrow was expressed as Geordle announced that he and his fellow spirits who were manifesting themselves would rnme no more, when Mrs Mellon was donu with thein. It was, Geordle explained, tak ing tc» much out of her. Need i say that I sympathised with Mrs Mellon, and re- flnrtiHi that sho was sacrificing herself— not, of course, for the 25 or 50 half-crowns which she collects before the seance— but to convince the unbelieving, and to lead them on 10 better things. Geordlu was good enough to Inform us that there were hundred of spirits hover ing around. If w« could only see them. I was on the point of asking hlmLoarrangc an interview with — — but 1 was too late. Tho most loquacious spirit of all i3 Granny T— , but my colleague has said something about her. and has nar rated what followed her appearance. SIRS MELLON INTERVIEWED. Need I suy how shocked I was that the seance should have ended bo abruptly. Naturally I sympathised wlUi Mrs Midlon. and when the light were turned up, and she sat down on a chair in the front row. I spoke to her. Although her friends said she had received a terrible shock by the interruption of the seance, she seemed to me to be a woman of much self- command, for she wns oonl enough in answering inc. At the same time there was in her man ner something that expressed satisfaction nt n danger Ihat had been averted, i en quired, politely. If she had received n shock, and she answered rather petu lantly, "I should think I did." I expressed concern— for haven't 1 shown all through this account that I was sympathetic?— lest the shock might pre vent licr keeping her engagement on fol lowing night, hut she hastened to assure nie that she would appear all right then. Sordld-mlnded people will no doubt say "Oh she want more half-crowns from Jugginses," but not so me. I induced Mr Mellon to speak of the kind nf shock she received. "Was It." I asked, "like an electric shock?" "Yes." she replied. "Then I understand," said I. "that you are to tho spirit-form ns the battery would bo to an electric light," "Yes," she answered, with n smite of admiration nt my apparent Intelligence. "Isn't there always a risk of such Interruption?" I asked. She ad mitted there was. but that usually she knew all the people who came, nnd she did not look for interrupters. She was also good enough to explain that she got 50 ab sorbed In raising spirits, as a medium, that she sometimes fancied she herself wns the spirit— an explanation ujK>n which I hape no wrongful construction will be placed. She accounted for the Interrogation by observing that the lnrgc supply of ani mal mngnestlsm In the young man, or his latent medlumlsUc characteristics, must have drawn hhn towards the spirit. I was desirous of asking her why her friends should get so alarmed at the mov. ing of a chair and why they should pro test agnlnst trickery or humbug, when no- body had hinted at the one or the other, but her friend took her away, and I went home to ponder und lo write up litis ac count. 