"Stamps." Si-limps," us lie was called In Doe- : v .berlond, was a fa rourlte -with criminals r land— the police. \- v.i.i.VwHo Intel a brlprlit joke and a kindly vs ftvord for all alike ; no one luul ever 7 ) a seen lilm cross, or known liliu ilo it v, mean tliincr. »> a .ttClvllilren hmiff round him; llstonlns to ; . -/Ills j-arus ; the lassos always stopped -v.- ..(tor banter with lilm : while many a . might round the doss-kouse Uro he was . |the life of the wretched-looking group, . l«fl lu linen t, picturesque language he fold ghost tales and fairy legends of 'Iris native County Clare, -making flic pnottchcrs forget titclr hunger, their suf- I fori tigs, their despair ; and when lie rliad money ho was royally generous— i; t'lio Ireated everyone ho eanie across. " Uedad, that fact alone belhrays inol (Iclngly Ihieage" (.Mike was descended . from int. ancient Irish sovereign), he . joiiee said to me, half- rueCnlly. " Shure, I'm never so happ.v as whin dlspiiising I bounties." . Indeed, 1 have known IDs. | last hi ill hut two days, though lie always slept in a. doss-house, and- the 'only solid food -flint passed his lljis . during that space was onions and tripe jfor supper, mid a couple of carrots as ; 'a midday meal. " My digestion, you see, Is peculiar," lie conllded on one occasion to a inagls- ' trate, after receiving a sentence of ; ; fourteen days; "it seems to cotton . J to nothing hut drink." " Could you not take the pledge, and rtvonld not some one help you to keep 1t ?" asked the functionary, of ':' justice, iv 7 " iwlio, . I tim sure, In his 'heart, sa w the ......v - .futility -of these repen ted conslgiiihents v to gaol. -Mike rallied Ills rough red' hair, : and u gJohm of' amusement darted iur.o Ihls eyes. " ' May it plnlse yonr ludsiilp," he said, it's meself was a shining lolght in the Salvation Army— fur— fur two months, ,an' hegorrn ! in that tolnin If Oi did not merit a silver medal fur liinper- . truce." . ' " And ' where is the imrhil V asked the magistrate. j Again .\Ilke',; eyes twinkled and -Ine leortiers of his mouth worked. "An' you'll belalve me, your wurs'.tlp, whin (01 came out last lolme, from the r'si- jdonee you wos so kind as to send me fto fur niol health, I pawned it fur a Witt-op of the craiur', an' hegorri 1 if 01 (didn't foliul the modal wasn't silver at full, but jist a common bit of tin Mike's real discomfit tiro was too much .'for those present, and they jln tighed as lie meant thorn to laugh, land -nobody enjoyed; his Joke more than . . pie did himself. But laughing at or with a ' eiilprlt (does not help (o mend his ways, and (Mike's ease had a sad side to it.— -From jtlio " Quiver," for April. 