THE PKIDE OF THE POMFEETS. CHAPTER VH. 'It was no! fancy,' she said, in a low, awestruck tone, while in her heart she was asking herself if any happiness could come of a marriage where the wife's first act was to deceive her husband ; for Amy well knew that the ghost which she had seen in the church was not ihe wraith of the Pomfrets. By 3 o'clock in the afternoon the old . Abbey was quiet. . The bride and bride . ? 1 _ -1 Jl ? l - .1 L» ? T ? J__ __ gruom naa ueparteo. ior juonuun, eu route for the south of France. The guests, too, had gone, and the squire had seated himself in the library, thinking half-sadly of the past, yet honefully of , the future, while Olive went to her own room and gave full vent to her grief and 'rage. ;;: .?'??'. Once or twice *it crossed her mind that Captain Bairstow would be suffering quite as keenly, but he had gone to [ ?| Scotland, and so avoided being present at the marriage, which Olive had been obliged to witness. Giving the reins to her grief and disappointment, she for got all about her uncle, who, like. her, was thinking of .the newly-married couple, and rejoicing in the prospect of his sister's child becoming mistress of the Abbey. Suddenly his meditations were inter rupted by a shadow which darkened the window^ aaid in another moment the sash was lifted,' and a man sprang lightly into ihe roorn.: The squire started to his feet, and turned angrily on the intruder, a tall, slight man, with red hair and moustache, and who wore a pair of blue spectacles. 'Who1 are. you?' he asked angrily. 'Don't you know mo, Squire- Pom fret? I am Harry Beauchainp,' arid in a .moment he had removed the false hair and moustache: then the spectacles followed suit, and he stood facing the squire, though somewhat in the shade. squire. ''Why, Ave thought you were dead: 1 Does Jack know you are alive?' ']\'o. I don:t intend to tell hiin, or he'll threaten to give me up to the police unless I go abroad, so I came to ask you to help me, because I knew you would.' 'Then you make a mistake. I shall only help you on condition you leave the country, and that for your dead father's sake.' , 'You will help me for the sake of your niece, Amy, who is my wife, though this morning she went through the form of marriage with your son.' The squire's face grew purple with passion. ' 'It's a lie!' he said, in atone of con centrated passion. ? 'It's the truth. I was married to her with her father's consent ; then you ?know what happened, and I went abroad. It was reported I was ^drowned. I dare say she rejoiced in the belief that she was free, but, as it happened, I was saved, and returned .to England, where I had some difficulty in tracing her, but finally succeeded, with the result that I am here.' 'If your, tale is true you have caused an innocent girl to commit bigamy, and I won't spare you; but I expect the ?whole story is a fabrication to extort money. , The man sneered, and putting his hand in his breast pocket, he took out a pocket-book, and abstracted a paper from it, which he held in front of the squire, who looked at it with eyes that seemed to be starting out of his head, as he read the certificate of marriage. 'Why did you not come sooner?' he asked, and as the words died on his lips, ihe fell back in his chair in a fit. The young man bent eagerly forward and examined his face. . . . ? 'By Jove, a fit. I must make myself scarce,' and crossing the room he opened the window gently, and sprang into the {airden, then closed it, and made quickly for the park, which he crossed in a slanting direction, leaving the squire to his fate. 'By Jove, I've made a mistake. I ought to have waited till she came back, and have seen her. She' won't want to lose her husband and grand position,' he reflected. Meanwhile Olive had remembered that her uncle wished her to accompany him to the tents where the tenants' tea was to be served, so putting on her hat and cloak, she left the room, and proceeded to the library. 'I am ready, uncle,' she said, pausing at the door. . 'He must have fallen asleep,' she thought, noticing that, he lay back in his chair; so, advancing, she spoke in a louder tone ; then, as her eye rested on his face, she drew back in horror, and, rushing from the room, called Stevens, the butler, who at once saw that his master had been seized with a fit, and a groom was sent for the doctor, who arrived shortly, the groom having met him at the lodge-gates, and, after a brief examination, he pronounced life] to be extinct. . ? 'I am afraid Mr. Guv and his bride will not 'be able to get here to-night, so it might be as wejl to delay the tele gram until to-morrow,' said Dr. Warring- ton, and Olive acquiesced'; then, before he left the house, she asked him to see the steward and tell him to inform the tenants, etc^ of her uncle's death. . The doctor promised to do so, and within an hour the tea-tents were de serted, the tenants, etc., having made a hasty tea and returned home, saddened by the awful ' end of a day that had opened so brightly, and many whispered that it Avas a bad omen for the young couple, / About noon the nexfc -day. Guy and his bride returned home, both in the great est trouble' at the squire's sudden death, and Guy at once saw the doctor, asking if he could account for the seizure. Dr. Wairington shook his head.' 4iI don't think the excitement can have done it. I should have thought it had been caused by a sudden shock, and Stevens thought he heard a strange voice in the librarv. and he is certain he overheard the squire speak angrily.' After hearing his, Guy spoke to the butler, and made inquiries,,- but failed to discover anything, and AVhen. the squire was laid in the family grave, Guy felt there was something of a mystery connected' with his death. ; . The morning after the funeral, when breakfast was over, he took his, wife's ann, and led her into the drawing-room, Avhile Olive, who felt it was a hint that her company was not wanted, went into the morning-room to nurse her unhap piness, which was considerably increased by the sight of Guy's devotion to Amy. 'Now, my darling, I think we must decide Avnetner we go on our noneymoon or defer it. What do you say?' and Guy put his arm round his wife and drew her lovingly to him. 'It must be as' you Avish,' she said, laying her head on his shoulder. 'Nay, you must decide. Of course, we cannot leave Olive alone here. I should have to ask Mrs. Shelton to have her at the vicarage; then my lawyers may find it rather awkward, as my poor father's death will entail a good deal of business. Still, if you wish, we can ar range to go.' : 'But I don't wish it. I would rather settle down at the Abbey and begin our home life.' Ana i snouia mnmteiy preier m ; then, in the spring, I snail take you abroad. And noAV, love, will you forgive me, but I had to promise to give the steward a couple of hours this morn ing. He will be here at half -past 10. Now, what will you do with yourself?' Amy laugned. ' ? 'Do you think my resources are so small?' 'I think you are perfect,' he said, and for the next three-quarters of an hour they Avere perfectly happy ; then Guy went to the library to meet the ste ward, and Amy sought Olive, asking if she would go for a walk with her. 'No, indeed,' was the ungracious reply, and Amy Avent upstairs, Avhere she dressed herself for walking, and left ? the house by a side door, then strolled across the park in the direction of the Avood, intending to skirt it and return by way of the lake. As she v/as walking along the Avood-side, she was startled by a man AArho sprang out of the* wood and confronted her. 'Met at last!' he said in a mocking tone. . . 'I don't know you,' she said, her face becoming deadly pale. 'Do you' knoAV, me now?' and he lifted his hat, at file same time reinov the wig of red hair, then the moustache was pulled off, and a man AAith. close- cropped dark hair and moustache to match 'stood revealed. 'You!' she said, recoiling in horror. 'Yes, I. No doubt you took me for a ghost when I let you have ihose glimpses of me. By Jove ! it was risky removing these things in the church, but, the pillar partly hid me, and the rustics were all gaping at you,' he said, as he replaced the wig and moustache. 'Oh, why didn't you let me know that you Avere living ? My father said you were dead.' . 'I was supposed to be. But you Arvn*h ocm-m ?trainr T\l**nCAfl 'fcfi lOTirVW T STI1 living.' ., . 'Pleased! Harry Beauchainp, I loathe you! I have often wondered why you! married me. You treated me shame-! fully. ? 'I married you because you took my fancy, and I had found out that your mother was a Pomfret, therefore I. felt pretty sure the old squire Avould dower you in time. - And now to business. I purposely kept' in the dark until you were married to Pomfret' 'You wicked man!' 'All right. You'll have to pay me to hold my. tongue. That's why I let the old squire settled a handsome eum on you, and I.mean to, have half the in come, so you may as Avell tell me the amount, and don't try to deceive me, be cause I shall find out the true amount.' . 'I won't give , you anything. Why don't' you go to your brother, Lord Beauchamp?' ?'.-.; (To be continued.) 