SPIELERS AT PORT ADELAIDE. On Monday morning, at the Port Police Court, the attention of Messrs. W. John stone and T. McGrath was occupied in dealing with several cases following on arrests at the Port races on Saturday. Henry Lazarus pleaded guilty to a charge ot having, at the Cheltenham Racecourse, on June 17, unlawfully played with a cer tain instrument of gaming called a roulette table a certain game or pretended game of chance. Senior-Constable Beare etated that ho saw the defendant on the course with the instrument in front of him. There was a shilling and two sixpenny pieces on the table. The defendant said the money on the table was his own, and that he had placed it there for the purpose of explain ing the game. Sub-Inspector Doyle mentioned that the present was the first offence of the de fendant, who was a very poor man with a big family to keep. The S.M. said that, in consideration of the inspector's remarks, he would inflict a amall penalty, bo a fine of 40/ waa im posed. The instrument was confiscated. The next case called was that of John .Walsh, who was charged with ^ Having etolen, from the person of John Frederick Hoskin, at Gawler, on June 10, a totali zator ticket, valued at £1 14/G. The informant said he had a 5/ ticket on Louise, at the Gawler races, and the dividend on it was £1 14/6. He went to the paying-out window with the ticket in his right hand. Someone knocked him on the right shoulder. He did not look around, but saw accused's hand come over his shoulder and 'grab' his ticket. He then 'grabbed' the accused by the hand and waistcoat, and said, 'You've got my ticket.' Accused replied, 'The ticket I've got is no good.' Hoskin then called for iis mate, Harry C. Lane, and still holding Walsh, said 'He's got my ticket.' They took a ticket from his hand, and took it to the window, thinking they had got the right ticket. They then found, however, that it was the wrong ticket, and when they looked back for the prisoner, whom they had released, be had disappeared, losliin saw him again, however, at the 'orfc racecourse, in rlio Dprhv stand npar the windows of the totalizator. He never recovered his ticket. In response to the accused the informant stated that he (Walsh) would have been able to pass the ticket away, because he dropped bis arm as soon as he was caught bold of. He might also have had another ticket placed into his hand as there was a crowd close around. Lane stated that he bought two 'Louise' tickets, and gave informant one. le came up in response to a call from Hoskin, and learning what was the mat ter, said, 'Give up the ticket.' He made a snatch at a ticket which was in the hand of accused, who said, 'That's no good.'* He took the ticket to coUect, and was satisfied that it was the right one, because of the color, although he did not look at the name. He found at the win dow that it was a 'Burnside' ticket, and also that the accused had gone. He after wards watched the man on the Port course, and pointed him out to Constable Mitchell, who arrested him. The o&cer; stated that he watched the accused at the totalizator window at the Port races, and although he was near the window for a long time with money in his hand, he made no. attempt to put the money on any horse. Saw him standing beside an Assyrian, who was the informant in another ease. The accused pleaded not guilty, and made a statement denying having taken any tic ket. He received a sentence of two months' imprisonment with hard labor. William Hart, alias George Parcel], aJias William Carlish, alias Henry Kempthorne was then arraigned on a charge of having attempted to steal certain goods from the person of Assad Josef at the Cheltenham Racecourse on June 17. The informant said that when at the window he felt someone touch his coat pocket, but he could not tell who it was. Constable Mitchell said he saw Josef go up to the window to buy a ticket, and as he was engaged there he saw prisoner, who was close up to the informant, feel his coat pocket, and put his ' hand into it. Then saw the informant draw his coat up, and hold his pocket. When the accused's hand was drawn out he caught hold of it and opened it, but there was nothing in Detective Byrne corroborated. In this case, also, the accused pleaded not guilty, but he refused to be sworn, and made a statement. Detective Jones stepped into the box, and produced a lengthy 'record' of the career of the accused in this and other Australian colonies, and he was awarded the full penalty — six months' hard labor. A ghost in the Divorce Court seems to be a strange mingling of the ideal and the actual. A message from Albany, New York, dated May 2, states that Anna Rivers, who has begun an action for di vorce from her husband, claims that the ghost of her husband's first wife infests the house and makes her miserable. It ap pears at nighte and frightens her so that she is unable to sleep. It comes near to her and indulges in paroxysms of weeping, and occasionally it smashes the furniture. Mrs. Rivers's assertions were at first laughed at, but she persisted in them, and upon being medically examined was de clared sane. James Kinney, who has made himself notorious by his ill-treatment of his wife, was brought before Judge John A. Adams (says a New York telegram dated April 25) for wife-beating. The judge being well acquainted with the sufferings of the wife, was severe in his comments, and after sen tencing the fellow to six months in gaol and a fine of 50 dollars, remarked: — My regret is the law does not allow me to give you a longer sentence.' Whereupon the prisoner responded with a sneer — 'Is that ?all. Perhaps you would like to collect the fine you imposed in 1891.' This angered the judge, and he left the bench and'struck the prisoner on both sideB of the jaw, knocking him senseless. Then the judge resumed his seat and called — 'Next case.' The murderer, Van Horn, in gaol at Scranton. Pennsylvania, awaiting his exe cution with unusual bravado and cynicism (reports the 'Westminster Gazette') con sented to go through the ceremony of baptism, on May 2, in hie cell, and the rite was performed in a bath-tub. Tbe prisoner told the watch that he had 'never believed much in this d^ ? — -l re-' ligion himself, but he would go through j with it, as it would make his mother feel better if he did.** ~ 