AT THE BEEHIVE. IS THIS WINTER? MOSQUITO. I don't know, of course, how to-day Will end, but it this to winter, as I write, old and experienced Australian tip I am, where, is spring-time to got a chance of peeping its head hi ? Tho first three days of tins week wete amongst our record days of the many thousand*! of days of pure loveliness that wove, or arc, to be enjoyed in Bendigo , m midwinter. They were the perfectibility of loveliness. If wc could imagine an English man, Irishman or Scotchman suddenly land ing amongst us-—say by tho wireless tele graph—and one of us natives commenced ,to oil tho foreigner that ho Imd looked in upon us during tho winter months, could wo blame tho now-comcr tor making an entry in his diary that tho Australians ore tho descen dants of tho lost tribes of ancient Cretans, inasmuch as they are all liars- However, ■beatitifui as it is, and lovely enough for any thing, "either to work or play, lot us hope there will not bo U& much of tho loveliness. If it continues all nature —orchard trees, grasses, plaids, seeds, bulbs, etc., of every sort —will lie forced into the belief that it is spring-time, and bo oxliaustmg themselves getting ready prematurely, when they should be resting. When ,an orchard tree is fooled with a false alarm of spring and hurries into its spring raiment, tho effect on the tree is the same as rousing a man up in the middle of tho night and starting him to work, after he’s only had a couple of hours’ sleep. Ho can’t do his work properly next day, MISCELLANEOUS. •Bishop Thornton wishes to apologise to the Homan Catholics of Victoria for a remark which ho made when opening the recent An nual Diocesan Assembly at Ballarat, Tho remark was': “I'm no more infallible than tho Pope. Ho. withdraws it. But *tlm -puszlo now is, whether his Lordship means it to bo understood that he considers himself n« infallible os the Pope. As the Bishop is resigning within twelve months, he ought to clear up this point before ho retires. Home Id lie while ago, when discoursing on what appeared to me might to some extent bo tho effects of the color of their skins on the fattening qualities of cattle, horses, etc,, and of retaining condition through droughty summers and jjerishiiig winters, -Plrcinarkcd that, other things being equal,. X hod repeat edly Keen that black stock stood bard times best. My theory was that ns heat is the es sence of in'c, and black being an absorbent of heat, the stock were less affected by changes of weather and shrinkage in the food supply. Similarly I used to observe that tho first of the flock or herd to hang out signs | of distress wore tho -white ones —white being \ reflector of heat. Walking over the.plains af night I have often, boon scared by white hungry, sleepless, scraggy-looking ghosts bqunding up in front of mo in surprise and alarm, whilst their black, fat mates kept f -« their beds, 100 contented and comfortable to trouble themselves about a stray footsie) across their pasturage. Now, the coldest ana most trying time for animals in paddocks is at night. Corroboration of my theory that black stock owe their generally superior condition to their color was unexpectedly supplied in this week’s “Independent” in one of tho small paragraphs under “Items of In terest." It tersely describes some experi ments with colors, and tho depositing of dow. Glass painted yellow and left out all night will bo quite wet in tho morning. Painted green, it will be damp ; bub painted red or black, it will ho perfectly dry.' It is a pity that tho results obtainable with other colors are not recorded. Still it is something to know that your black or red cattle and horses can be loft out in dewy weather with out thoir getting soaked and chilled with moisture, whereas those with a tinge of yel low in them would be dripping wot. Many a colonial politician-baa been brought low by the whisky-bottle, but it was quite a new thing the other evening when, the Vic torian Premier was nearly knocked out willi an empty beer-barrel. Evidently Melbourne is looking up again when late into the evening the brewery men have -to be employed 'carting in piled up loads of “empties.” It was one of these that nearly crushed the life out of Sir George Turner as it bumped into a tram on the •St. Hilda road. All’s well that ends well, but it wotdd have been an inglorious close to Sir Gporgo Turner’s long reign to bo knocked out with an empty barrel. In him the breweries would have lost a strong and valiant friend. Remember how once on a time, just before Christinas, ho stopped the business of both Houses of Parliament with a special bill noted “Urgent, - ' so that a certain sailors' pub at Port Melbourne should not lose its license. The brewer’s, cart men ought to be careful, for they’ll never again get a Premier who’ll do that. Some people up hero are beginning to get a trifle dubious about Oastlemaine speci mens. Tho routine is this: Peg out a lease, got _ a lease, float a com pany, register it on tlio Stock Exchange list} put two or three men to work on an old reef, let them find some specimens, and then lot the knowing ones slip out o-ffcheir shares. Castlemainq specimens have been getting so commondur ing tho last week or two that I am con strained to ask’if they have opened up:a specimen depot or factory down there like Bailey’s,Coolgardio mine was when it was in'its prime, or whether tho same specimens are passed from hand to hand ."as required. Nbwj was this fair? Tho P.M. refused 4' permit to a young gentleman who wished to malic a long night of it in a pub. at Golden Square, in alleged celebration of his 21at birthday. _ “But I’m 21,”’; remarked \- the young man. “Who cares whether you are- 21?" retorted the P.M. ; “there are better places than public-houses for young men like you to celebrate your birthdays.” -it . was, of course, .a fairy yam, and the court'wasn’t'to bo had with tlio story of a lad of 21, not doing any . work, being so .flush of. casli as to be. wisliful of spending it in socialities on his friends under the aus pices of an hotel licensee. .But the young man should turn' up next Monday and renew his remonstrances. On, tho very next day, ‘in'tho Eclmca court, the same P.M. granted a perinit to a young woman to. hold a social gathering of her friends in a pub. at Tofriimbnrrv. Surely a miners’ pub, at Golden Square is as good ns a bush - , pub., nt. Tomimbarry, and anyhow why should fish (girl) bo made of one <k.so and flesh (lad) of the other? But tho licensees—well, in granting licenses do not the court assume that all licensees are quali fied, respectable person's? That unfortunate lad who was not allowed to celebrate his 21st bfrlhdny- with q (rousing public-house party has a grievance which ho should remember. t 1}«' brates his 30th birthday—if ho mes ao to hold to what appear to bo hia present Ideas of social enjoyment and recreation. ■ There's shortly to ho an unpretentious exhibition of collie dogs, pups and leghorn fowls. (X am not very well up in prize zoology, BO I was nearly writing epohe fowls" and “leghorn dogs-”) Anyhow they ore both nice breeds of dogs and poultry, and if tiio society tlinfc is in course of for mation can do anything for encouraging activity in these directions it will be a pleasant change from the endless monoto nous jargon of tlio athletic sports field and the racecourse. Why do not some of. tho young men and young women re-introduce tho pleasant and interesting jwstimo of carrier pigeon flying 1 Tho rearing and teaching of the pigeons is rare; good sport to those with tho leisure and a taste for this species of, winged poultry. Or, to bo quite lip to date, why iiot follow-tho lead of tho swells in England, who arc ro-introducing the old game of hawking ; To break in a pair of liaWks so that they’ll go out and catch birds,.for . him ought to. keep any young man out of other mischief for the next sue months or so. Perhaps, however, we’d get along bettor here if wo tamed a few sliogs (fish- hawks) and then used thorn to catch fisli for us os tho- Chi nese dp their cormorants* The City Coun cil ought, to bo asked what price licenses for fishing m tho. Upper -Reserve with a lame cormorant, with a, ring around its neck, Chinese fashion. You have heard of two horsemen riding a race for a wager, and then the winner offer ing to cliango horses and repeat tho wager with tho previously beaten horse. Victory often depends on whom steers tho horse. I was reminded of this when comparing Mon day’s police court with Tuesday’s police court proceedings. When Mr, Murphy defended a pair of “Trilbies” against tho prosecution of several policemen and a Chinaman, the “Trilbies” departed free and honest men. But next day, when Mr. Kirby, on behalf of a Chinaman, prosecuted on alleged “Trilby,” tho youth went up to gaol for a month. I don’t for a moment wish to suggest that in either instance the verdicts were against the evidence. I merely note tho coincidence. .Still I will say that if tho latter “Trilby” hud had a‘lawyer ho would have been as lucky as tho others. So much in these matters de pends on how one’s story is told, just as in racing how a horse is pul at tho jumps. “Base is the slave who pays,” remarked the stout party in Slmkespearc. Except that few, or none of them aro so fat as the merry knight of Windsor, a little suburban journey, tho other day loft the impression pn my mind that a lot of us Bendigonians are of the same opinion as Sir John Falstaff, in the matter of cash payments, Now, as any body knows, there aro not many closed business places in Bendigo or its oub urbs. -In the rather important and thriving suburb in question through which I passed, I saw but three closed-up shops, and these —real names omitted —-were “Mrs, Braiuiigan’s Cheap Cash Grocery,” “Tho Imperial Company's Unrivalled Cash Provi sion Emporium,” “Tho Union Cash But cher}'.” The three places, which were quite elapse together, looked dismal and insolvent struck—a triplicated standing warning to Kll business men who might pass them by to ! howare of asking cash for their goods. A quarter of a mile further on T passed an other “Cash Grocery Store.” - To my surprise I saw, that its door was open. But it might ns well have been shut up like the others, for, though it was 4 o’clock of a Saturday afternoon, the grocer was idly leaning up against the jamb of his 'front door, lazily pulling at his pipe, and with notliing more profitable to do than watch the trams—a cash concern also. Then a door or two away from die unemployed cash grocer was'a barber— another cash tradesmen—also smoking in his door-way and inspecting the trams. Old Fol staff would have been delighted with such a journey. The “tick” shops along the route all seemed to be doing something,, and many of them had the appearance of doing .“big biz”—and getting paid for it some time or other. After all, our true colonial hero is tlio -man who gives the most' and longest “tick.” I remember the cose of a wealthy Bendigo grocer who, when offered payment of Ids bill during the “moriatorium,” when tho banks wore bursting and shutting up, refused, kindly but firmly, to take' the yioney. “Keep it,” said he, “the banks' aro nearly all shutting up, and you may want it for some other. purpose. Wo’ro all right hero for the next three months or so.” That man was too good a Christian to put up tho barbarous wopl “Cask” over a cheap, shaky signboard. 