Comic Cnttirigs* He : ' My views on bringing up a family are——' She : ' Never mind your views, I'll bring up tre family. You go and bring up the coal.' : A German student, wrestling with the English language, is said to have render ed a text as follows :— ?' The ghost is willing, but the meat Is feeble.' ' People talk about presence of mind, when and where most needed, fee,' Bald a young physician to a company of older graveyard fillers at Cambridge the other day. 'I can tell where Jt Is most needed.' 'Where?' asked one of the company with a sneer. ' WJiere ! Why, In a lunatic asylum, of course.' They gave him a diploma. An old woman, who had a chronic habit of sleeping in church, called at seat-letting time upon the treasurer of the congregation. 'I have come to pny for my seat,' she said, laying down her money. ' Yer seat 1' returned the trea surer, who was a bit of a wag. ' Losh, I think, Janet, you mean yer bed.' Mother : ' How did your face get that strained, agonised look In your photo graph ? Did the light hurt your eyes ?' Small Son : ' No, ma. The man told me to try to keep still, an' I did.' . Wilkle : ' I suppose you're gotn' to church merely to show off your new bonnet.' Mrs. Wilkle (sweetly) : ' Not that entirely. I'm wantin' to see the bonnets the lther women hev as weel.' Oculist (to countryman) : ' Well, what can I do for you ?' Countryman : ' If you please, sir, I want ye to pull a tooth f out.' Oculist : 'My good man, you must ? go to a dentist. My business concerns the eye only.' Countryman : ?'Well, sir, It's an eye tooth !' Blanche : ' Isabel, what has put you In such a bad humour ?' Isabel : ' Why, ?I'\\-e Just had e- communication from Jack, and he writes such a horrid hand that I can't tell whether it is a proposal, an Easter carol, or that cure for chil blains he promised to send me.' Mistress (to Scotch servant) : ' Janet, I fear my mind's beginning to go.' Janet (who has not a high opinion of her mistress's mental powers) : ' I wadna say, mum ; but there's ae consolation, It hasna far to gang.' Author : ' Help me out with this. I don't want to say her cheeks were as red as a rose.' . Friend : ' Say they - were as red as her nose.' Various animals lend their mite to make up English words — e.g., manaee ment, dog-matlsm, cat-egory, chro nology, duc-tlllty, and rat-Mcatton. Mr. Mumblechook (singing)-: 'Bid me good- bye and go ? ' Miss Effie SliBru: ' If you're going to sing it like that on tlie night they won't stop to bid you good-bye.' No Change. — 'Weli, doctor, how do you find my mother-in-law to-day ?' ' She's much better, but ? her tongue's bad.' ' It always was.' Friends.— Eva : ' Is it true that Cap tain Woolley kissed you in the Conserva tory last night ?' Marion : ' Certainly not ! I should just like to see him try Fuch a thing.' Eva : ' I (Juite believe you, my dear.' Promising Soy.— 'I'm afraid you'll never learn much at thlB rate. Now to day we'll change places ; you'll he mo ther and I'll be Tommy.' ' Me be mo ther !' ' Yes ; you are mother, and now for lessons.' 'Oh, as you're such a good little girl you can go and play there will be no lessons tOrday.' A Question of Terms.— Miss Fltz-Hyde (in quest of an engagement) : ' What salary ? ? Well, eighteen guineas .a week.' Manager : ' Take off the odd pounds and I'll engage you.' They closed. Clara : ' I wonder If It Is true that one Is likely to catch something from being kissed.' Maud : ' Of course not. You've been kissed enough, but you haven't caught anything yet, have you ?' Tommy : ' Do you say your prayers every night ?' Jimmy : 'Yep.' 'Ana does your maw say hers ?' ' ypn ?? ' And does your paw ?' ? ' Naw. Paw ?doji't need to. - It's almost daylight when he gets to bed.' 'Oh mamma,' cried flve-year- olii Dorothy, ' I'm Just as full of glory as I can be !' ' What do you mean ?' in quired her mother with natural surprise 'Why-ee,' said Dorothy, 'there was a ?sunbeam right on my spoon, and I swallowed it with my oatmeal, mamma!' ' And you reject my offer ?' he said to her Intensely. ' You refuse to be the one woman in all the world to me ?' 'I'm afraW so,' she confessed rather kindly, for she meant well. 'Then I have but one thing to say to you madam,' he said, reaching for his hat. ' I am sure you have my permission to say that. What is it ?' He drew him self up to his full height. 'There are others,' he replied haughtily, and passed out of the game. 