A LO~sT iwJtZI..· `: A Piece For th~e !~lc" T'oiy LI Lt.; .< Ol' When I was running thi- G '-nvfl'H Beacon Light of L.utiLy. one L f u-, patrons from.a way back district caiue into the office one day late in the tail. Joy w-as beaming from his face lhk a. candle shining through .the holes izi d., jack- lantei n. "Tol de rol. de rol. de raddidy! Tol de rol. de rol, de ray:' was his first re mark, as he cut a series of bac-kwoods pigeon wings around the room. It -wa court week, during which event tha Geeville taverns wire wont to set forth to their eager patrons a tipple tha hal won much fame for the prompt ness with which it took dull care OY the neck and tossed it out of the win dow, and I at first thought that my' friend from way back had been in fond and too protracted dalliance with this insinuating bowl: but such was not the fact. After he had warbled and pirou, tted off his first burst of glee, he plunked down in a chair and said: "I'm goin' ter give yer a piece fer yer paper better'n stealin'. or running off with somebody else's wife. or burn ing your neighbor's barn! Ye know tha Widder Buggles. an' ye know the Wid der Buggles' place, don't ye?" I told him I did. "HowV old d'ye s'pose the widder is?" he asked. and I told him I had no idea. "W-hy. dod turn it! She's sixty- eigant! Sixty-eight past. An' ain't she humly? She's so all-fired, humly that she sot in her corn patch this season an' actu'!Y sk-ered the crows away! That's pootY durn humly. ain't it? An' ain't she thin? An ash sap!in's got more meat on it than the widder has! Fact! She's deefer'n a post, too. an her off eye is out. An' you couldn't raise white beans on that clearin' o' her'n! For agri cultr'l purposes, that clearin' ain't w-uth nine shill'n an acre. But. do ye' knon-w. she won't sell the durn place for any price. She says if any feller wants that clearin' he's got to take her with it. An' who d've think's beh edgin' rpund the widder. anxious to git the clearin' on them disketigin terms? Actually willin' to marry the -%idder Buggles to git that cleam.rin'? T~hy. Pete Sykes! An' why is he so durn willing to g-it the clearin' on them diskergin terms? 'Cause he's found out thas the clearin' has got this here on it, that's why." My friend from 'way back took a handful of glittering. heavy bits of ore fro:n his pocket and handed them to me. Then he danced joyously, shout inn: "'old! T.ol de rol, de rol. de raddidy! Gold on the Widder Buggies clearin'! Shd's old. an' rattly as a dried gourd; an' deef. an' short an off eye, an' her clearin'. ain't wuth nine shill'n an acre for agricultur'; but there's gold on her clearin'. Tons an' tons of it! An' Pete y;kes. he's found it out, somehow, an' is willin' to marry the widder! He told me so! But he don't know that the widder's dead sot on me. Pete's going up to ask her to- night! Tol. de rol, de rol, de raddidy. An' the widder don't know she's got gold on her clear in'! She's dead sot on me. an' Pete can't tetch her: She's old enough to be my mammy. hut she:s grot gold! Say! Ain't this goin' to be a piece fer your paper that '11 make things rattle?" I took the specimens my 'way bhack friend handed me. They were iron pyrites. I put them on a shovel and held it in the fire. Presently they vanished as if they had never been. The look on my visitor'-; face was a sight to see. "That's whlat they call 'fool's gold,' Jaggers." I said. It's entirely w-orth less. You couldn't get a dollar for a thousand tons of it. You've had a narrow escape. You might have mar Tied the decrepit TWidow Buggles and her worthless clearin'. Let Pete Sykes have the widow if he wants her." My- friend at last awoke to the true -ittt~aion. He stamped and thumped and knocked things around the office. -nd yelled and swore until things looked blue. '"Let Pee+e have the widder?" he yel led. "Wnhy, great crackin' heels o' Julius Caesar's ghost' Th're ain't no 'wid'ier! Th= W-idder Buggl!es. old anr rittly an' deef an' w-ithout an off eye, pin't the W1idder Bugg!les! She's Elna than Jaggers. by thunmps. fer I stole a march on Pete, an' married her thit inornin' !" i nd my friend from 'way back dash ed nut of the office and away. I never put his piece in the paper, 