HOW A BISHOP LAID A GHOST. I called one winter's day, writes the Bis hop .of Ballarat in the current numUer of the " Fireside," while rector in - large parish of. ... England, at the residence of a :.. merchant— a new and extensive house, elaborately fitted with gas stoves and bra'ekets and all recent appliances. Upon being shown into the dining-room, where all the family were assembled, Eat once saw that some thing was"wrong. Soon the story was told to.me. There' was a ghost. It was be lieved a girt had'been immUred in the base ment of the next house, which was.in the course of . construction. " Of course,'! I said, "you ..have communicated with' the police?" " Yes," Was the reply, " and a policeman is oh duty to try and get at her. .But: it-is no good." The .servants had ail given notice, and nobody'knew what to-do about the ghost.. I went down to where the noise seemed to coiile'from, and, after I returning, suggested that I should be al lowed to control the family domestics arid house' for half an hour: Permission was granted. I then had a talk with two ser vants. Afterwards, with, the family, I went down to the cellar while the "fearful groans were being uttered. • " A vaunt," .1 cried, in a loud voice, ".Abracadabra, I' charge- thee to. : abate. these wailings." Slowly the noise, died away. ." Aldiboron tophoscophormid!" I shouted again. " Chrononlibtonthologos! \Yow raise thy yoice as loud 'as thou canst-raise it.". Once more the groans waxed louder , and louder,, reaching, such a. climax that my companions turned .to bolt, but a loiid peel at the door hell transfixed them frith''a sudden terror: Then his lordship explained. The- horrible cries were caused by the gas.. A small piece of grit had got into the pipe, and.the gas going over this, had created the row, which, as the quantity turned, on increased, grew in force. The servants had; at " my request," first lowered "all the lights, and, when I shouted the second-time, turned all on .full, producing the distressing noise. The gasfitter soon removed the.obstruction and-nothing more was heard of the ghost. 