[?] By " BLA.OKBIED." ) ; NOTES. Komln&tions; close to-day at noon tor. she New. South Wales Waterloo Cup. To- morrow entries close for the Gee- long and District Coursing Club's President's Trophy meeting.' ..'The event, which will he run on Tuesday, 20th inst, is for 32 all-ages, at £3 3s, with trophy added, value 10 guineas, presented hy P. Austin,' Esq. The New South Wales red hitch puppy Sleety Mist, erstwhile the pro perty of Mr. D'Arcy, of Bega, was sent to 'Frisco hy the It. M.S. Mariposa last week. She Is by Blythswood— Winiry Morn. Lure the old war horse, that scents the battle from afar, keen Coursers, es pecially old habitues of Benalla, eagerly anticipated renewed associa tion with the sport at the local club's plhmpton. There was one disappoint ment, however, and that in the un favorable condition of the weather, for It rained right through the card. And If the sport was not thorough. It was not any fault of the club's executive, who worked hard to make the meet- Srtfr St anil true »urnlMl frtr its efforts In every direction but one. There was a large crowd at the read- ' 4ng of the card, and bidding for doge \- 5n the Calcutta was brisker than has .been the case for many years. The nominations were highly satis factory, and the most healthy sign 'about them for the future success, of the plumpton was the fact that, out of 46 entries, the great majority came „ Ixozn tbe Nortb- Eastera district The success of the local dogs over the tew metropolitan cracks who made the trip was also a pleasing feature. Gold beater (Goldsmith— Rosewood), a very hot favorite, was put down in his very first course by Lady Shenstone, who subsequently suffered defeat in turn by Barstone, her full brother. Gold beater was slow in getting to work, and for a time it looked any odds on his opponent. Mr. Scott's puppy had Just begun to score rapidly when the bare ran right into the jaws of Lady Shenstone. The trial between Tran sit and Busy Bee IL in the second ties for the Benalla Stakes was one of the best ever seen on the ground. Both showed themselves honest triers, and possessed of good pace, and so close Was the course that the verdict was left entirely in the judge's hands. When he declared for Busy Bee II. by a point there was much applause. A sixteen dog stake, run at Wlnchel- sea on 7th inst., was won by Mr. M. Doherty's Ashes, a son of Jasper and Charcoal. Mr. A. Beale's Militant (Napoleon— Snowdron) was runner-un. T)efy, who divided at Echuoa re- wutly, was purchased by "Mr. James": at the sale of Mr. A. H. Fryer's ken nel a mouth ago for a guinea, and has certainly proved a good bargain /or the unlucky Nagamhle sportsman. Lord Melfort, another of the same lit ter (Outcast II.— MeKort Bird) was purchased iu Sale for a similar amount prior to bis winning nt. Lelgb Road. Messrs. I, and G. Frasor have the thanks of the Clunes Club. These gentlemen have determined to pre serve tbeJr lands for that institution's benefit The club will hold its next meeting on 20th inst. The Maryborough District Club will run its next meeting on 21st inst. The stake 36 unlimited, at a guinea. The second meeting of the season of tbe Northern Tasmanian club was conducted on Capt. Cameron's pro perty. FordoD, last week. The cap- tain, who is an enthusiastic lover of tbe leash, and president of the club, dispensed his hospitality with a bount eous hand, inviting the officials and owners of dogs each day to luncheon. There was a good entry for the chief v event, the Fordon Cup. prizes £50. £20. £14. and smaller amounts aggregating £20. the list including Mr. W. V. Field's Jack, by Harkaway— Bochea, the same owner's The Brock, br Liv ingstone— Sonnet. and the New "south WAles dogs. J. Blair's Amiable, bv Mockingbird— Rosebrook. and Mr. E. L. Cox's The Grafter, by Tradesman- Repent. .lack met The Grafter (the . "4UUit U1 IUC Cltuil 1LI the first ties. The run was a very short one, Tbe Grafter making n kill In the lead up. In the next course Deceit met The Brook. The former did most of tbe early work, but in turning. The Brook gained an advan tage, pulled down the hare, and put herself out. At a meeting of the Hamilton club last week a letter was received from «Mr. R. B. Ritchie, of Blackwood, in re ply to the club's request to be allowed to run u coursing meeting on his estate. Mr. Ritchie said he would be clad to allow thein the ue of the ground, but, owing lo the scarcity of hares, he did not think n meeting would be a success there ot pfosent. The secretary re ported That a large number of people bad promised to support the club. A 32-dog stake, run at NuuiurUah on 7fb Just, was won by Mr. G. Tralford's bitch Faith II., by Novelist— Dnisy Belle, Mr. J. W. Hartshorn's Snow drift. by Ghost— Fly. securing second money. Mr. R. Forrest was judge. Only a limited number of approved bookmakers will be permitted to do business at. the Bendlgo Plumpton club's meeting on Wednesday and Thursday, and those wishing to ply their calling must make application to the secretary not later tb&n; this even ing. Cabs will run to and fro from the course. First pair of dogs must be Is slips by II Tbe ground is In capita order. Tbe Oolllngwood Coursing Club will bold Its second meeting of tbe season at the M Donee Valley Plumpton to morrow. AU tbe events have filled well. The list will finally close to-day. The first pair of dogs must be io slips by 12 noon. 