AT THE CLUB. 4 Gentlemen/ said the Poet, 4 I need hardly explain to you the reason why you see me in the position I occupy to-day, nor need I take up your time by a long introduction to the duty X have to perform. Allow me, gentle men, to iotroduce to you our new Editor. As the Club had only too much cause to know and regret the reason of his introductory remarks they were received in silence, as was also the new Editor whan he rose to introduce him self, which he did in this wise— 4 Gentlemen, but for the melancholy circumstances which have led to my being selected to fill the highest posi tion in your Club, and which tinges the pleasure with regret, I could say from the bottom of my heart, this is the proudest moment of my life. It will bs my endeavor to maintain the high standard which has characterised the conducting of the proceedings of this Club in the past. Anyone got a match V The Editor, having been supplied with a match, submitted himself to a critical examination by the resb of the members present, at the finish of which the Sporting Man expressed the opinion that 4he'd do.' 4 Yes, he looks alright,' said Th© Artist, 1 but, bless you, there are editors and editors. I remember once being engaged upon a paper which was suddenly left without an editor. As there was a politic*1 crisis on at the time it was highly important that a good man should be procured to fill the editorial chair. After a deal of trouble the props, dropped on one whom they thought likely to fill the bill. When I saw him he reminded me very much of a man whom I had met in Bourke Street, Melbourne, and who requested the loan of a sixpence until to- morrow, as he had forgotten his purse and had to go to St. Hilda. However, I kept my suspicions to my self, as after all I might be mistaken. The time for the leading article to be in the hands of the comps. arrived, but no copy, so the overseer proceeded to the editorial department to see how the occupant was getting on. In About two minutes he returned, looking as if he was going to have a fit. Two or three of us made a rush for the room to find out the cause of his alarm, and sure enough the sight that met our gaze was enough to alarm anyone. There was our new editor stretched on the floor, oblivious to all around.' 4 Dead V queried the Musical Critic. 4 Drunk. On his table was the lead ing article. It consisted of two lines— " THE CRISIS. The position is this "' 4 And a very nice position, too,' said the Politician. 4 Not an unusual one for Politicians,' said the Sporting Man. 41 remember seeing ' 41 beg to remind you that one of the rules of the Club provides that politics are not to be discussed,' said the Editor. 41 was not referring to politics but to politicians,' said the Sporting Man, 4 but as you seem to think it borders on an infringement of the rules I'll drop it.' 4 We had a queer editor on a country paper I was once engaged on, said the Musical Critic. 4 He used to commence his leading article by send ing the office boy for a pint of beer, which he would supplement with another in about a quarter of an hour, and ditto ditto until he had about six pints up, and then he would ask the boy if he would be so kind aB to hand him the scissors, and then he would clip out an article from the nearest paper to his hand and send it in to the comps to set up. One day he must have had a pint extra, for hanged if he did not cut out the children's column from a religious paper and send it up to the comps. He is up in the Kelly country now and is not likely to see this, or I would not have told you this yarn, for with all his faults he did not forget to send for a pint for me each time. He may have been a failure as an editor, but as a " shouter " I ne'er shall look upon his like again.' 8 Rather a significant hint for our new Editor,' said Mr. Close Shave.' All, with one exception, protested that it was very seldom they took 8 a little something.' The exception was the Sporting Editor, and he was heard to mutter something about liars and hypocrites. 81 think,' said the Poet, 8 we have had quite enough about editors to give our new friend a good idea of the very exalted opinions we hold in regard to editors generally, and with your per mission X will tell you of a little affair in which there were two characters— myself and a ghoBt.' 8 A ghost !' was the exclamation from all parts of the room. 8 Ah, well, not exactly, but I will tell you the yarn, and you will see how it pan9 out. 81 have often seen snakes and other queer things after a good old booz9, but 81 object to Mr. Close Shave's remarks,' said the Poet, 8 and if any gentleman in the room is of the opinion that the yarn is the outcome of an indulgence in alcohol, I shall take my seat.' 8 Let's have it,' said the Politician. 8 Well, it happened somewhere about nine years ago. I was engaged on a daily paper at the time ' 8 Writing poetry ¥ queried the Artist. 8 No; I was ' 8 Writing the wrappers the papers were sent out in,' chipped in the Musical Critic.' 8 Not he,' said the Sporting Man, 8 he was engaged to lick the stamps for the monthly accounts.' 8 Order, gentlemen, and allow The Poet to proceed,' said the Editor. 8 It does not matter in what capacity I was engaged,' said The Poet, 8 sufficient for you to know that it necessitated my taking a long and lonely ride on horseback in the small hours of morning to reach my home. About 2 o'clock on one dark winter's morning I was allowing my horse— perhaps some of you will remember that beautiful black horse I used to have——' < Brown's got a horse, chorused about half-a-dozen members. 8 No matter, the day will come—I mean,' proceeded the Poet, 8 it does not matter much, only it is necessary that I should tell you he was black in color. As I was saying when inter rupted, I was allowing the horse to make his own pace, when suddenly he stopped dead and began to tremble all over, his hair rose so that the saddle rested on it instead of on his back, his eyeballs gleamed so that by the light of them I could see the cause of his terror. There, right in front of him, was a tall figure—apparently about 7 feet high—silent as the grave, and as black as charcoal. I was about to say good morning to it when the horse, with a shriek like a human being, made a beeline for home and breakfast. I was considerably scared myself, but not worse than the horse. When I looked at him in the morning I was surprised to see that some of his hair, which had been jet black the day before had turned grey.' 'Pass the belt,' said Mr. Close Shave. ' I can assure you ' * Oh, come, you ain't making poetry now,' said the Musical Man. € You are allowel a good deal of latitude in that line, but keep as close as you can.' "There is something more wonder ful to come,' said the Poet. ' Let's have it, by all means,' said the Artist. The Poet proceeded—41 was a bit scared myself, but having to pass that particular spot six mornings ia the week it was no good funking it, so I hoped, yet dreaded, to meet my dark friend again and solve the mystery. The next morning I had no chance of seeing anything, for when the horse got within a hundred yards of the spot where he received the fright he went for all he was worth and put up a record for the journey. The next morning I was more fortunate. X saw it before the horse, and by keeping his head turned in the opposite direction managed to get within a few yards of it. I said " good morning." The horse, seeing it at that moment, said good bye, and again we reached home in good time. I made up my mind to get that ghost for the Zoo. The common ghost being white, a black one would be a To/fa avis. I borrowed a revolver and started firing at a kerosene tin, hitting it once in six times, which looked good enough to fetch a ghost down, as it was considerably broader than a kerosene tin. The next morn ing, at 2 30 a.m., turned out a good one for ghosts—dark as pitch and rain ing like bla—I beg pardon, gentlemen. About a quarter of a mile from the haunted spot X rammed the revolver chock full of cartridges, blindfolded the horte with my handkerchief, and cleared myself for action generally. Just as I was beginning to think the dark cove had got into the know about the revolver it appeared in the usual place, just in front of the horse's head. My heart bolted this time—you might have heard it galloping a quarter of a mile away. Pulling the horse broad side on I presented the revolver and said in the sternest tones I could com mand, " Who and what are you V' At this critical moment the horse must have got a sniff of the ghost, for he gave a bound which sent me backwards out of the saddle, and the next thing I remember was a figure, which seemed familiar in the dim morning light, bending over me and asking, " Who are you V I think the contact with the metal must have affected my head, gentlemen, for blowed if I didn t answer, (t I am the editor of the Register." ' * Here, what about the ghost V said the Bicyclist. 1 It was never cap toured, gentlemen. If any of you would like to try your hand at catching it I shall be happy to show you the spot where I saw it last. The strangest part of the affair was that my horse " turned white in a single night" after his last fright.' ' I quite believe that,7 said Mr. Close Shave. ' Look at the Musical Man there. He was as bald as a bil liard ball before the Poet started his yarn, but the first sight of the ghost so affected him that the hair came through bis head like quills on the back of a porcupine.' 11 hope,' said the Editor, 1 you are not all such good li—X mean story tellers—as Mr. Close Shave.' Where are now the 1 merry brokers' We remember long ago ; Glibly yelling out quotations Ere the market's tone fell low : Or in boomtimes' merry morning Ere the ' market' went astray, Ah ! indeed, their occupation's Far away, far away. Where is now the blatherskiting Over crops of wild-cat shares, Where the jocund gay offloading, Where the bland prospectus snares 1 Is the boom prospective distant % Will it come some other day 1 Or forever laid in limbo Par away, far away. Some may dream of hours more restful In their less ambitious days, Ere the counter they deserted For the golden paper chase ; Gone are fond anticipations Of retirement's early day, And that little trip to Europe's Far away, far away. 