[?] ?Mh w PHANTOM LOVE. (A COMPLETE STORY.) DRING laughed v \ .^§3 when we told jM \ H j ) him juggler \ \\\ I ' / - stories. They were tru6 not been in j ^ long. Other- ; wise he would have known better than to express disbelief, for a very small acquain tance with India teaches . one that the things which are mysteries to Brixton are the commonplaces of Benares, and that there are more things in Heaven and India than are dreamed of in men's philosophy. The Major had been telling a story of a juggler he had seen in the Central Pro vinces who had taken a large ball of thin twine, and, securing one end to his sack, had thrown the' ball into the air, where, rising slowly, it had disappeared in the sky. Then he called a boy and ordered him to ascend the string. The boy, in obedience to the juggler's mandate, seized the slender string and at once commenced to climb, the eyes of everyone in the crowd following him till he disappeared in the sky above. The juggler took no more notice of him, but busied himself with some minor tricks, till, presently, he called to the boy to des ciend and help him. The voice of the boy was then heard from the clouds refusing to descend. The enraged juggler, with a long knife held between his teeth, swarmed up the string in pursuit, dwindling smaller and smaller to the sight as the boy had iione, till his figure decreased to a speck against the sky, and he disappeared. Suddenly a piercing scream resounded from the Heavens, and, to the unutterable horror of the spectators, a shower of blood fell from the blue sky, followed by the dis membered arms and legs of the juggler's victim. Then, with a heavy thud, the | headless trunk fell to the ground. After a few horror-stricken moments the murderer . was seen sliding down the string to the ground, the crimsoned knife, held between the teeth, whilst from his left wrist dan gled tho severed head. Amidst the deep breathing of his audience, he commenced leisurely to collect the bleeding remains, which he placed under a cloth, together with the twine which he pulled in from the sky as a boy would pull in th« string of a kite. Then, having gathered up the rest of his belongings, he removed the cloth and revealed the boy smiling and unhurt, without a trace of blood upon him. This was the story at which Goring had laughed. 'Oh, hang it all, Major,' he said, 'you don't expect me to believe that yarn 1' 'I do,' said the Major; 'saw it with my own eyes.' 'Come, Major, tell that to the Marines,' replied Goring. The Major pulled his moustache vicious ly. Goring's rejoinder was rather unfor tunate, for the Major belonged to that honorable branch of the service. 'All right,' he growled, 'I don't ask you to believe it, but if you care to turn up at my place to-morrow night I'll get a pair of jugglers I know of to give us a show, and I'll bet you a fiver you won't disbelieve my story when you have seen a few of ? their tricks.' 'Done ?!' said Goring, readily. Then we parted, for it was long past the hour fo* closing the Club, and we felt that even th& society of the best fellows was ra,thet expensive at a fine of a rupee for every half hour. Four o'clock the next afternoon found us all seated under the Major's verandah. Be sides' oiu- host, none of us had ever seen a real performance of the sort, so there was a , strong muster. Goring was still loudly expressing his disbelief, whilst Jermyn, of the Engineers, being of a scientific turn of mind, had brought a small hand camera, disguised as a box of cigars, for many of the natives have a rooted antipathy to pho tography. On the beaten, earth carriage, sweep out side the verandah two dusky gentlemen were sitting contentedly in the sunshine awaiting our pleasure. These were the jugglers famous through out the whole province for the wonders of their magic. Their properties were not unposing, con sisting of a small marketing basket such as; Europeans use, and a small bundle of cloth. The Major having noUfied. his pleasure that the show should commence, one of the jugglers, a grizzled old Bengali, gingerly popped his hand into the basket and jerked forth a large cobra, which blew up its hood and hissed viciously as its head swayed backwards and forwards, whilst its forked tongue flashed like lightning. The other juggler blew doleful music through a small reed pipe, and the cobra commenced to gy rate as though dancing. We heard the click of Jermyn's camera and the soft rattle as the exposed plate slipped down. The music increased in volume till it seemed impossible that it could proceed from the juggler's tiny pipe. The cobra swayed and twisted, and .seemed to grow larger and larger, its hooded head floating through the air like soihe phan tom drapeiry, black, yet sparkling with a thousand brilliant points of dazzling bril liancy, whilst the dread spectacle marks stood out with livid clearness on the back. When or how the change took place none of us could tell, but the afternoon sky seemed to darken around us, whilst the dusky forin of the cobra whirled itself into the form of a dancing woman. The dron ing music boomed in our ears with a deep surging. I remembered that Jennyn afterwards compared the sensations of those moments to the feeling experienced when one is suc cumbing to the influences of nitrous-oxide gas or of chloroform. It would appear that Jermyn was the only man in the party who kept his senses at all, for I have a dim re collection of hearing the snick of the shut ter of his camera as the wonderful meta morphoses took place. Of a sudden the music stopped, and the nautch girl, with her black jewellled dra peries still floating like vapors around her, stood before us and dropped the veil that hitherto had shrouded her face. We gasped, half in fear, half in admira tion as her dark eyes swept over the group and fixed their gaze on Goring. Her beauty was indescribable — unearthly ! Such a beauty as sent a pain to the heart like a knife and maddened the brain with a Wild desire. It held us speechless, and, indeed, almost, senseless, with the exception of Jermyn, who, being ian engineer, can only see beauty in bridges and locomotives, who ad dresses his wife as 'old fellow,' and speaks of his dynamo as 'she.' Jermyn had the hardihood to snap his shutter in the face of this bewildering vision. She advanced towards the verandah steps, keeping her eyes fixed on Goring. He gave a low cry, half of pain and Bait of joy, and advanced towards her with out stretched arms. His face was ashy white arid his eyes burned like coals in his head. The woman held out her hands towards him, then— wonder of wonders ! — vanished. We awoke as though from a dream with an unpleasant start The Major rubbed his eyes and sighed deeply. Perhaps it was just as well that Mrs. Major, who is fair, fat, and forty, and anything, but a, vision, could not hear that sigh. Jermyn rattled his camera with shaky hands, and asked for a brandy and ? soda with plenty of brandy in it. He added that he felt faint. Goring said nothing. He had sunk back in his chair and was staring with wild eyes at the spot where 'she' had disappeared, whilst, below in the sunshine, the jugglers were packing up their bundle and basket and preparing to move .off. The Major tossed the old man. some silver. and bade him get out of the compound quickly. Then he turned to Goring. 'Wake up, old man !' he said, with a forced attempt at brisk cheerfulness. Goring made no answer, but sat there with his eyes still riveted on the same spot, staring before him as though he saw a ghost. Jennyn shook him, but still he took no notice of us. ? Then we all began to feel a bit funky and helped to shake him and pour brandy down his shirt-front. At length he muttered some unintelligible i words in a thick voice like that of a man under the influence of a narcotic or drink. We carried him off and loosened his col lar, then we held his head under a tap, and presently he had recovered sufficiently to gaze around him in a dazed sort of way. 'Where is she V' he murmured. 'Don't be an ass, Goring,' said the Ma jor, in an agitated voice. 'It's all a plant, like the string and. the boy.' 'Merely hypnotic suggestion,' chimed in Jermyn, who was developing plates as quickly as possible in the Major's dark room. 'I must- go to her,' said Goring, thick ly, as he tried to force his way back to the verandah. . 'No, you don't,' said the Major, Who -by this time was genuinely frightened. He sent one of his boj® galloping off for Mynors, the doctor, and, with the excep tion of Jermyn, who was busy with his plates, we all hung , on to Goring, who .was getting violent. He had given the Major a black eye, and had dealt me a vigorous kick on the shins before the doctor turned , up. 'It looks like a case of acute mania,' said he, as he tore back Goring's sleieye and jabbed a little squirt into his arm. After a little while Goring grew quieter, and we laid him down on the Major's :bed. 'I love her ! I love, her !' he kept groaning. We told the doctor all ..about it, and he looked grave. -He„l?ad been in 'the, country long enough to discover many phenomena - that ? were not 'explained in iiis text books. -V ... ' - ?.- ??' ' Presently' Gtoriflg spbkei in .quite a; cl^ar headed.manner, and.askofl jn wUidi direc tion the - juggler? had gone. 'I must fol low her,' said he. ( 'DOn't be -a fool !' said the Major; 'it wasn't a 'her' at all. It was an infernal phantasmagoria.' 'I tell you there wasn't a woman at all. Was there, jermyn' ?'' 'he added,, appealing to the scientist, who, with a perplexed look on, his face, entered the rooa with three wet negatives in , his hands. 'Of course there wasn't,' replied Jermyn, with a meaning scowl to the Major. 'It was just a bit of Maskelyne arid Cook, Goring, and you've taken it badly. You've been drinking too much whisky or -have takep a toueh of the sun. What did you see ?' , . v . 'I saw her,' replied Goring, whose face showed a yellowish-white against the pil lows. 'Sure it wasn't snakes ?' suggested Jermyn. 'I saw a snake at first,' replied Goring, 'then it grew and turned into — her.' ? He shuddered as he spoke, arid the recol lection seemed to overpower him. 'Hang it all. ! He's pretty lucid,' mur mured Jermyn, who, his handful of nega tives hidden behind his back, stood by the bedside regarding Goring with pity, riot unmixed with scientific interest : ' 'Was she a decent- looking sort of girl ?' he continued, 'or had she a cork leg and false teeth, like Mrs. O'Shea ?' Goring made no answer, but turned un easily upon the bed as though about to rise. 'Shut up, Jermyn !' whispered the Ma jor; 'don't excite him.' '. 'Lie still, Goring,' he continued; 'you can just make up your mind to stay where you are till to-morrow morning. Here is a drink the doctor has sent round for you.' Goring took the drink quietly, then closed his eyes wearily as though he would sleep. Jermyn signalled us with ponderous winks,- and we went .outside with hiiru 'Never. saw such a thing !' he exclaim ed, as soon as -we were out of. the rooin. 'Devil a sign- of a woman is there on any of the. plates. I got three pictures, one when the old boy hiked the cobra out ot the basket, another when we first saw the lady, and another when Goring tried to em brace her, and' — here. his- yoice shrunk to an awe-'stricken whisper— -'hanged if. he wasn't as near embracing that cobra as makes no difference. . Look here !' He held his last negative against the light and showed us the snapshot of Gor ing plainly outlined on the glass, holding his outstretched hand within a few inches ?of a large cobra. The Major shivered. 'You see,' said Jermyn, 'you can't hyp notise a camera, and the girl we saw walk ing towards the verandah was nothing more or less that that , infernal reptile. Ugh : Supposin' we'd all tried to kiss her ?' 'Don't Jermyn!'' exclaimed the Major, entreatingly; 'it's no joking matter, I can tell . you. I'm jolly glad the missis is away; this affair would have driven her i into fits. I and the Major watched Goring well irito that night After a \vhile he grew pretty quiet, arid, as the dpctor had promised to call in and see him on hip way home from the gunners' ball, at about two o'clock, I thought I would go and get a few hours' rest and re lieve the Major later on. At half-past one I was awakened by the Major shaking ijie roughly- by the shoulder. 'Wake up, Old man,' he cried. 'Goring has 'hooked it.' ' .... ; . ? „ I tumbled out of bed at. once arid follow ed him into the room where he had been watching. The window, which opened out on to the verandah, was ajar, and Goring was gone. 'I was awake at one o'clock, and he was asleep, and I just closed my eyes. I dozed less than five minutes,' he declared. As he was speaking, the doctor entered tho room. He looked grave when we told him how Goring had disappeared, and, calling up the servants, we at once started in pursuit. We had not much doubt of finding h'im, ' at any rate, within a few hours, for his clothes still hung upon the rail of the bed, and we knew that, a white man, attired only in a suit of pyjamas, could not travel far without remark. At the bottom of the garden the Major paused arid uttered a stifled exclamation. We could not see, because the. path was narrow, and the Major's bulky body block ed the way, but we heard a fairit rustle among the fallen leaves, and, - quick as lightning, we saw his hand whip his revol ver from his pocket. The report rang in our ears, the'ere was another sharp' rustle, and the . Major dropped on his knees by the side of a hud dled figure. 'Here he is; done in, poor beggar, Fin afraid !' ;he said, hoarsely. He scraped a vesta on the box- It splut tered, then flared, and we saw Goring dead, his head resting on the Major's knee. The dread mark of the cobra's fangs show ed upon his throat, whilst ? among the leaves within the circle of the lucifer flame flopped the spactacled hood of a large cobra in its last agonies.— Capt Ard wicke Smiles, in the 'Penny Pictorial Magazine.' Edited by ' VIVIENNE.' He gave a low cry, half of pain and half of joy, and advanced towards he» with outstretched arms. 