TO CORR/E6PONDENIV3. 'Ike,' Forestville.— Three syllables. 'Wanted to Know,' Auburn.— The pair breaks the run. 'J.B.D ' Port Pirie.— Ud to Mav 31. 1898, the amounts .paid and additional shares allotted to shareholders in tne Bro ken Hill Proprietary Company since its formation were as follow: — Dividends (1 to 118) £6,616,000, cash bonuses £88.000. cash received from the British Broken Hill Company £576,000, nominal value of Block 14 shares received £432,000, nominal value of British Broken Hill shares re ceived £400,000, and nominal valuj Block 10 shares received £012,000, making a grand total of £9,024;0C0, of which £7,280,000 was in cash and £1,774,000 in shares. 'Poetry,' Gawler.— Adam Lindsay Gor don was the son of Captain Adam Gordon, and was bom at tt.yal, in the .adores, in 1833\. He was educated at Cheltenham College, where liis father was for some time professor of Hindustani, and he was also at Woolwich. He left lor South Aus tralia on August 7, 1853, and joined the mounted police shortly after his arrival. He sat in the Assembly, and in 1866 went to Victoria, and on June 24, 1870, he shot himself. His first poems were published at Mount Gambier. 'Subscriber.'— Education in England is compulsory for all classes, and elemen tary education in the primary and State aided schools is free to all classes of chil dren applying for it. 'E.H..S.,' YanUalilla.— Epictetus was a philosopher of the Stoic school, and was born at Hieranolis, in Phrygia . in the middle of the first century. He taught 'that the beginning of philosophy is ti.e per ception of one's own ability to do what is needful; that only what is within our choice is good or evil; that nothing exter nal can control our choice; thn1; our choice is determined by our reason; that our resemblance to God consists in our acting according to reason; and that we ought to invoke God's assistance. ''G.F.,' Kapuuda. — According to the time in which the beat is inade. Each in strument has the time marked, and the t-eat is regulated accordingly. 'Anxious,' Bordertown.— 1. Mr. E. Fos bery, Inspector-General of Police, Sydney. 2\. Jindafbyne is 293 miles, aud Yajgogran 396 miles south of Sydney. 3. It was sent us by our Sydney correspondent. Juc re port of the inquest published in the Sydney papers stated that the deceased had been in the district about six weeks; that noth ing ivas known about him, and that he had been doing a little mining. 'J.C.,' Broken Hill.— The insects you found on the Harden'bergia are leery a pur- ehasii, or cottony cushion scale. 'M.S.' — Works on the subject have been written by Abt. Garcia, and Rendegger, among others, and those of the authors named are generally considered the best. They cau 'be obtained through any music seller. 'Subscriber,'' Burra.— The Vermin Board may purchase the fence, in terms of the Vermin Districts Act, 1894, but are not compelled to do so. 'L.J.F.W.,' Kensington Park— The Ad miralty Court will sit on Tuesday next to enquire into the matter. 'Domino,' Mount Pleasant.— We kuow of no specialist in Adelaide for that par ticular form of disease. 'M.L.'— The only firm of cutlery makers of the name we can find in Perry's Manu facturers and 'Merchant's Directory, is (hat of O. Chambers & Co., Castle Hil] Works, Sheffield. 'J.W.' says there are still nearly 3,000 names on the Government register of per sons out of employment, and believes there are another 3,000 who do not care to register themselves. He asks: — 'How is it that in a countrv like Australia, in which all we need (and more) can be produced, we Jiud thousands in want? Population, 1 believe, creates its own wants, and until the people are themselves allowed to supply these we shall always have an un employed question to deal with.' If the various colonial Governments will not settle that question in the only possible way they ought to pay the fares of people to emigrate. Our correspondent considers the present tariff burdensome, and would prefer free-trade; but hopen that tlie elec tors will return men to Parliament pledged to land values taxation and pro hibition. 'Trant Chambers' writes:— 'I am astounded to find that the Public Library of this city — the representative literary depository of the. colony, otherwise appa rently well furnished— is not supplied with a copv of Lord Tennyson's biography of his illustrious father. Considering that this work in quite one of the books of the decade, and a model biography, and in view of the author's advent to tin's colony as Governor, surely this glaring omission in the catalogue of the Adelaide Library should be at once rectified.' 'A Constant Header' objectE to the re ferences to the people on the Amended Commonwealth Bill and household suff rage because, he maintains-, electors are atked for a simple yes or no on what are complex questions. 'Student,' Port Broughlon— 1. On March 31, 1898, the national debt of Eng land was £638,260,482; against this had to be set the value of the Suez Canal shares, amounting to £24,435,000, and other assets amounting in the whole to £25,241,799, leaving the net liabilities at £0i3,024,683. 2\. The population of Brisbane at tiie last census was 93.C57, within a five- m le ra dius, and 101,554 within a ten- mile radius. 3\. The population of Adelaide, within the Adelaide Corporation, is set down at 50,000, and within a radius of 10 miles, the General Post- Office as itR centre, the popu lation is estimated at fully 150,000. 4. £371,425; but owing to a deficit in the revenue in the year 1894-5 of £98,000, Trea sury bills were authorised for that amount. 5\. The details of flotation have not yet been received from the Agent-General. The cost cannot therefore be stated. 'Wager,' Port Pirie.— William Brown. 'E. .7. Namols.' — The seedsmen in Ade laide sell weed exterminators, but the fol lowing has been recommended by a gar dener in England for destroying weeds on walks:— A pint of sulphuric acid to a gal lon of water distributed with a watering pot having a fine rose. The person who recommended this says:— The mixture is very effectual. Great care is needed in its application, as it is very damaging to clothing and boots. 'B.J.E.,' Burra.— The phrase 'A little bird told it to me' probably came from the words in Ecclesiastes (chapter x. verse 20), 'for a bird of the air shall carry the voice, and that which hath wings shall tell the matter.' 'One Who Was There' writes:— 'It is a significant fact that none of the many patrons of the flat at the great Oakbank racing carnival can invest their modest shillings without breaking the law of the land as it stands at present. Therefore every person who did so invest on Easter Monday— and the number was legion— was liable to the unjust aud ignominious fate of being removed from the course by the myrmidons of the law and thrown like criminals into a barred reception-room specially prepared for theni.^ Only by the extreme leniency of the said myrmidons were these investors— all but a chosen few —permitted to depart before the small hours of the morning, and without fatten* ing the revenue of the colony and a gen tleman of thelong robe. I could pertinent ly ask— Why a chosen few? But my only object is to give a reminder to those who have the power, through the ballot-box, to say whether this law shall continue, being —as it is— an outrageous encroachment on the boasted liberty of the subject.' 'Perplexed,' Norwood.— Good Friday, in 1879, fell on April 11. 'Fair Play' endorses the complaint of a previous correspondent concerning the treatment of the men employed by the Go vernment at Jjundaleer, and asks what the labor members are doing in the matter. 'Passenger' thinks the railway traffic, passenger and luggage, at Belalie North 6iding could be better managed than it is. The luggage train habitually nulls up be tween the passenger train and the siding, so that passengers have to wait, sometimes in the pouring rain, until the luggage train passes before they can cross. 'H. H. Blackham, jun.,' writes: — 'Not- withstanding the fact that his prophetic splutterings have proved absolutely worth less, Mr. J. H. Giddons — hand-in-hand with the ghost of Herechel— again announces himself as the archangel of meteorology. The fact that his rain periods have beea scorched up with heat, and his dry spelte washed out with rain is a little matter un worthy of notice. There is some mention ; in the Old Book of the heavens being as j brass. I am afraid that Mr. Giddons has made a special study of the heavens while in that condition.' 'R.S.,' Manoora.— The 'Assumption of the Virgin Mary' is a festival of the Greek and Roman Churches, held on August 15, since the seventh century, in commemora tion of the assumption of the soul and body of the Virgin into glory by Christ and his angels. From the 4th to the 7th century the stirne day was observed in memory of her death. 'Totalizator,' Petersburg.— Malua, who won the Adelaide Cup in 1884, was a bay horse. The totalizator was not in use at the time, and Malua stalled at 100 to 7. 'H.D.,'' Corccndo.— 1. It is not against the rules. !2. There is no such rule. 'Harry Harding.'— A national air is a popular tune peculiar to or characteristic of a particular nation; specifically that tune which, by national selection or con sent, is usually sung or played on certain public occasions. As the countries you name form only a portion of a nation they cannot have, properly speaking, any na tional air apart from the one which is re cognised by the nation as a whole. 'John Moyle,' Kapunda,ask6: — 'What is the fastest time that Gipson Brothers (Tasmania) put up, or any other faster time for sawing a two-foot log through?' 'Don't Know,*' Angaston.— -Occasionally, but very seldom. Freight is Is. 3d. per half-case. Write to one of the companies who advertise their steamers as sailing for Brisbane. Their advertisements appear daily in 'The Advertiser.' 'Olive,' North Adelaide.— If you write to the Agricultural Bureau, enclosing a penny stamp for postage, and givinv your address, a leaflet on the preservation of the gretn olive, by Dr. Cockburn, will be posted to you. This leaflet contains full information cm the subject. 'Argument.'— Carbine had three wins as a two-year-old; eleven wins, three seconds, and one third as a three-year-old; nine wins, two seconds, two thirds, and once unplaced as a four-year-old ; ten wins and one second as a five-year-old. Total value of stakes won, £29,476. Carbine was sold by Mr. Wallace to the Duke of Portland for £13,650. 'Wager,' Ihebarton.— Allahditta was trained for the Onkaparinga Hurdle Race by T. C. Wheeler, of Mount Gambier. 'Wager,' G'«nville.— Yes. Cock's Ru lalie, 7 st. 5 lb. (A. Hearn), won the Trial Stakes at ^looree Valley on March 10, 1898. 'Actress.'— The mare fell nt the pest and-rai) fence on top of the hill, past the grand-stand. 'Kangaroo Island Elector.'— We cannot open our columns to letters which are election advertisements. The publication of your letter would cause a flood of them. 'l'ndecided.:i— To reach the Arltunga goldlields proceed by train to Oodnadatta; thence by coach, which leaves Oodnadatta for Arltunga once a fortnight. 2. It is principally reef country. 3. There is a cyanide plant at Arltunga. 'Onkapatinga.'' — At the last general elec tions the votes polled by Mr. Caldweli and Mr. Duncan at the three polling-plnces you name were: — Alontacute— Caldweli, 2; Duncan, 25. Norton Summit — Caldweli, 30; Duncan, 164. Stirling East — Caldweli, 69; Duncan, 198. 'Wager,' (iawler. — The Railways Com missioner has courteously supplied us with the following in reply to your enquiry: — 'As a matter of fact the Melbourne ex press runs via Bacchus Marsh in both di rections. When the train came the longer route on its way to Adelaide it ctul not run into Geelong. but branched off at North Geelong, where, as far as our infor mation goes, it was necessary for the en gine to run round and attach to the other end of the train before proceeding to Bal larat. 'Enquirer.'— You are right in supposing ?we have been deluged with Tennysonian odes. We have not published any of them. Possibly the explanation is that we cion't know good poetry when we see it. But that is not our opinion. 'R. Hindley,' Hindtnarsh.— Ko tickets were issued except for platform and re served seats (eleven rows). You were not early enough. 'Grace.' — The distance between Glcnelg and Brighton jetties is 2 miles 46 chains. The distance from the tram terminus, Glenelg, to the Jetty-road, Brighton, is 2 miles 43 chains. 'Wager,' Clare.— Yes. Regent won the Hurdle Race on the Oid Course, carrying 9 st. 2 lb., with Hussey riding, on Feb ruary 6, lba/. 'Briton,' Kooringa.— Daniel De Foe, the author of 'Robinson Crusoe,' died in the parish of St. Giles, Crinplegate, London, in his 71st year, on April 24, 1731. 'B.R.W.,' Brompton. — The correct quo tation which forms the first four lines of the 'True born Englishman' (published in 1701) is as follows: — Wherever God erects a house of prayer, . Tlie Devil always builds a chapel tliere; And 'twill be found, upon examination. The latter lias the largest congregation. 'Wesleyan,' Archer-street.— The Rev. Dr. Jobflon, one of the most prominent members of the British Wesleyan Metho dist Conference, visited Adelaide early in 1861 'Encounter Bay,' Queenscliffe.— The South Australian Company early estab lished fishery operations in the colony, and on December 26, 1836 (two days before Go vernor Hmdmarsh arrived) the manager shipped at KingBCote (K.I.) for export to Van Dieman's Land, three barrels of salted fish, containing 1,359 mullet and 605 Jb. of skip jacks. 'T.E., Purnong.— To polish bullock horns take off the very rough surface with a rasp, then scrape with a broken piece of glass keeping the way of the grain and avoiding leaving flat streaks; rub smooth with fine glafispaner, polish with rotten stone and olive oil, on a rag, using plenty* o! elbow grease, finishing up with putty powder of tripolo. Some people recom mend in addition applying a little beeswax, and rubbing well with the hand till tho roughly polished. Hoofs may be polished by the same process as is recommended for horns. 'Cook.' — 1. The following is en excellent re cipe (or making tomato Eauoe: — Tomatoes, 12 lb. ; ealt, 4 lb.; garlic, J oz. ; ginger (bruised), 1 oz. : cloves, \ oz.; mace, \ oz. Take the stalks from the tomatoes, and put the whole into a copper or porcelain preserving pan; boil gently for two hours without covering. Beat the whole mass through a hair sieve, if the seeds are objected to; if there be no objection to the seeds, beat through a common colander. Pass the liquid through the sieve several times until the consistency of cream; then pour over the refuse a pint and a lialf of vinegar, and beat this through the sieve or colander into the other liquid. Return the whole info the preserving pan, and add half a tcaspoonful of cayenne; stand over the fire till it comes to a boil; skim, and let stand till cold, when it will be ready for bottling. The bottles should be tightly corked, and well scaled. 2. To pickle gtcen tomatoes, Uke some ratber small green tomatoes, or if large ones arc used, cut them in halves or quarters; sprinkle salt all over them, and let them stand all night. In the morning drain them well, and put them into an enamelled saucepan, with pickling spices to taste, and vinegar enough to cover them com pletely. Bring to a boil slowly, and allow all to boil for two minutes, then remove the sauce pan from the fire, and when the pickle is quite cold put it into jars or glass bottles and tie down closely. 3. German coffee cake is made as fol lows:— S lb. flour, 2 quarts milk, and a little water if required, 4 eggs, nearly i lb. butter and lard melted together (must not be too hot) ; if currants arc required they may be put in. Then mix all together, add threepenny worlh of yeast; mix again, cover up, and set to rise. Prove the yeast nc forc using in. For the top of the 'cake take about 1 lb. flour; melt I lb. butter; add to Die nour j ]b. white sugar, then with the hands nib Jt up into small lumps. Butter your oven pla'e, and while nice and hot spread the cake. Aftjr it has risen well, about an inch over the whole, sprinkle with the mixture over the top just before it is quite baked. It takes about 20 minutes to bake in a quick oven. 'Subscriber.;'-Dissolve some good resin or lac oi.fr the flre in drying linseed oil lill the resin is dissolved, and the oil brought to the Ihick uess of balsam. If this be spread upon canvas or any other linen cloth ao as fully to drenoli and entirely to glaze it over the cloth, if then suffered to dry thoroughly, will be quite impene trable to wet of every description. You must be very careful to lay on the varnish equally in all parts. This is the process followed in making what is known as 'oilskin.' 