NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIAMENT. SPECIAL FEDERAL SESSION. , ADDRESS IN REPLY ADOPTED. (By Telegraph from Our Correspondent.) SYDNEY, February 22. The Legislative Council to-day, after presenting the Address in reply to the Governor, adjourned until Wednesday next. In the Legislative Assembly, the debate on the Address in reply was resumed by Mr. Price, who congratulated the Government on their change of front with regard to federation, to bring about which Mr. Want, the arch-destroyer of federation, had to leave the colony. The only people who had cause of complaint now, he said, were those who formed the party led by Reid against the Commonwealth Bill. Mr. Hughes compared the arguments of Mr. Reid to-day with his arguments some months ago, and said Mr. Reid would have been a great statesman If he had been born dumb, but the ghosts of his dead speeches were continually rising up to challenge him. He (Mr. Hughes) would vote to send the Commonwealth Bill to the people, but would move an amendment that the vote in favour of the bill should not be binding unless Queensland joined in the federation, as if Queensland did not Join, black labour could not be excluded. Mr. Haynes said that as a democrat he must vote for sending the bill to the people, but he would take care that the people were informed of the dangers and difficulties which would arise from the passing of the measure, which curtailed the power of the people to govern themselves. He asserted that those who spoke most valiantly about federation had most bitterly opposed all re- forms. Mr. Neild compared Mr. Reid at the conference of Premiers to the man who went down to Jericho and fell among thieves. He styled the Premier the " Dvnamltard of free-trade." The debate generally was desultory in character, Mr. Reid coming in for a good deal of criticism as regards his shifty policy on federation. Mr. Lyne asked Mr. Storey to withdraw his amendment. Mr. Storey refused to do so, but allowed the amendment to be negatived on the voices. The Address in reply was then agreed to on the voices. THE ANTI-IOONVENTION BILL LEAGUE. SYDNEY. February 22. The general committee of the Anti-Convention Bill League to-day passed a resolution for the presentation of a petition to the Upper House, praying the House to take such steps as would lead to the reconsideration of the present federal proposals. 