SKETCHER. y ON THE TRAIL OF A GHOST. There has been published this week a book ander the title of ' The Alleged Haunting of B House/ which should oause no little stir in pay ohio al and spiritualist oiroles. lt is edited by the Marquis of Bute and Miea Goodrich Freer-tho 'Misa X' who figured prominently in the controversy two yeers ago. *B-Houao'-for obvious reasonB its real namo and that of ha proprietor are not given by Lord Buto, but it is wo", known to bo Balloohin House in Perthshire -having tho bad reputation of being haunted, wftB tnkon on lcaso by tho Marquis, and Oolonol Taylor, a woll-known Spiri- tualist, put in possession to investigate mat tors with tho aid of MÍSB Freer and other Roman Catholic frionds. Thoy all kept diarios, which rooordod thoir ghostly oxpori oncos, and thia book tolls tho whole story. It is a capital book for tho holidays. It oarrios on ovory pago tho olomonts of nevor ending wondor, spouulation, and scepticism, to moko things lively on rainy days at the coast or in tho oountry. We make some oharaoteristio selections «. ?WIITH LOUD ?OTB HKABD Ol' IT. It was in 1892 that Lard Bate first heard of tho haunting of B--. House in Perth- shire. Hore io an extract from his journal: -August 7. In afternoon with Father H- and Lord Dumfries to Fa-Hand. He gives a long acoonnt of the physioal dis- turbances at B -noiae3 between his bed and the coiling, like continuous explosions of petards, BO that he could not hear himself BpeaK. Father H-. said he had spoken of the matter to Mr S-(the proprietor), who expreased an idea that the disturbances might bo caused by his uncle, the late Major £-, who was trying co attract attention in order that prayers might ba offered for the repose of his soul. THE BKsriiHfs MAJOR 8 Major S-WPT born in 1806, retired irom the Indian array with the rank of major in I860, and died in 1876. His two brothers died unmarried, and of his six bis- ters three married and a fourth, leabella, entered a nunnery, and there professed the name of 'Frances Helen.' She died in 1880. The Major bequeathed B- - to the repre- sentatives of his married sister Mary, and on his death waB succeeded by her second Bon John, who was a Roman Catholic. The Major was a believer in spirit return, aid many witnesses have attested that he fre- quently spoke of h's own return after death. He was fond of dogs, and he frequently in- timated his intention of entering the body of a particular blaok spaniel wl,Joh ho pos- sessed ; bat after his death all hi4 dogs, in- cluding the spaniel, were shot, in order to render any such aotion on his part im- possible. SPIRIT RAP FOB MA JOB'S SUCCESSOR. John S--, his successor, went to London in 1895 on family business, and was there run over by a oab and killed. Lord Bute, in bis journal, under date Jannary 17th, 1897, says-'I hear that the morning the late S-of B-left home for the last time, spirits carno and rapped lo him in his room, doubtless to warn him, so that death was owing to the oruel superstition which had prevented him allowing them to be communicated with.' Lord Bute's infor- mant seems to have been the Rev. S"- David Hunter Blair, now Father Blair of Fort Augustus Monastery. The son. Captain d-, at once let the house and the suoot ings to Colonel Taylor as the nominal but Lord Bute as the real tenant ; and. then uhe fan began. YOUNO LAST AKD THE SPOOKS. Mrs G. writes :-* A young lady of by no means timid disposition, and possessed of great presence of rr;nd, has often heard the swing door pushed open and footsteps com- ing along the corridor, pausing at t*>e door. The footsteps she had alao heard going round her bed. Many visitors have had the same experiences, and many have heard the wild unearthly shriek which has rung through ifie house at midnight.' TUB Ciioox STRUCK OWE. Mrs G. giren her own experiences :-* The frat night all was still, but the following night a succession of thundering knocks came from the end of the passage. Half an hour afterwards my husband heacd a pierc- ing shriek. The next night we heard single knocks at different doors. Tho last night of our visit, I heard tho clock strike one, and immediately it ceased six violent blows shook our own door on its hinges, fo1'o wed by deep groone. A man with bronzed com- plexion and bent figure has been seen by two friends of n^ne. They both describe him as having come through tho door, and passing through tho room in whioh they were, .about throe in the morning.' FlEiT SMUT OF THE NUN. Miss Freer's journal of her experiences is very good reading :-The maids tell me tney heard the Boun^i of continuous reading aloud, whioh afterwards became quite familiar. The sound was always that we)', known to Roman Catholics, as that of a priest saving his office.' We decided to walk in t ho avenue. It was quite dark; but the snow gleamed so whits that we could see our way to tho plantation. In a few minutes I stopped. Against tho snow I Baw a light blaok figure-a woman moving slowly up the glen. She stopped and turned and looked at mo. When she came under the tree she disappeared. Tho others saw nothing.' In a lotter to Lord Bute under February 25, 1896, Miss Freer desoribos this figure with soma detail :-'These figures do not appear before 6.30 at earliest. They appear to be ontlined by threads of light. It is only when the faoo appears tn profile that one oan deaoribo tho features, and this n somewhat provontod by the nun's veil. * Ishbel appears to me to bo slight and of fair height. Her hair is dark, and there is an intensity of gaze whioh ÍB rare in light coloured eyes., Lord Bute identifies the nun as probably Miss Isabella S-, the favourite sister of Major Ö--, who be- came a nun in 1850 and died in I860. Tas Doa AND TECH SPOOK: .February 16-1 had au experience this morning whioh should be recorded. I was writing. I felt a distinot gentle push against my ohair. I thought it was the dog, but he was not there. I went on writing, whon oamo another deoided push against myself whioh moved mo on my chair. I looked baokward, tho room was empty. When Mrs W-como ia abo oalled my attention to tho dog, who was gazing intently from tho hearthrug at the plaoo where I had oxpeotod to soo him. . IBUBBI.' AND 1 MAROIÎT.' ' I saw tho nun again, and an older woman ia grey, who talked earnestly with her, she answering at intervals. My com- panions heard tho volóos, but did not soo the figures. The older woman afterward! became familiar, and the name of ' Marffet* waa given to her half in fan, and Bimi>hV because thia waa one of the two names riva* by the 'Ouija' board-used by Spiritual. iota-m hypnotic writing, aa «Iahbel» waa also given several times when her riama was oaked.'i 4 February 16-1 aaw « lobber ani 4 Marget' in tho old spot across the bara * Iahbel' was on her kbeos in the attitude o! weeping, «Marget5 oppe-ently reasoning with her in a loud voice. X could not hec£ what waa »aid for the noise of the bum MUDD M- said, «I saw nothing but I hoard a low talking.' ' The editors in a foot-note say :_The nun to whom was £iven the name of * Ishfcol.' This subject has been already discussed, andi the auurgestion thrown out that the phant- asm was an erroneous mental pioture of the lato Rev Mother Frances Helen, evolved from the f-uagination of a half.educated person who bad never econ the lady hi question- and knew little about her. Thia figure wei seen many times by Miss Fraser and M^s Langton, twice by tho Roy Mr Q-,' and probably by Madame Boisssaux. who unhappily died suddenly before the editors had an opportunity of asking her for exaot information. There were also earlier witnesses. She was never seen else- where than in the glen, except onoe by Miss Langton, and on the oneoooasion whoa a BiBbop was Baying Miss in tho house, and Miss F..eer saw her outside the window just after the elevation of the chalice, lt wa? atated, however, by two separate witnesses, that a figure, probably the same, had been seen inbide the house on at least one occasion, when, some years before Colonel Taylor'e tenanoy, Mrs S- was keeping her room, and a maid who was bringing up a tray mot the figure on the stairs, and experienced suoh a start that ehe dropped the tray. Tho lay-woman dressed in grey to whom was given the name of 4 Marge*,' ac I who was sometimes seen in the company ol .Iahbel,' usual'y as though upbraiding or reproving her. She was seen by Miss Freer and Miss Langton, and her voice in con- versation with 4 Ifahbel' waB heard not only by them, but by Mr C-and Miss Moore, Mr 4 Q./ and Miss 4 Duff.' TUB UAH WITH THE IJXP. 'February 21.--Again this morning we heard noises of pattering in the next room. The dog got up and sat apparently watching something invisible to us, turning his head slowly aa if following the movement- of some person or thing across the room from east to weat. Daring tho night Miss Moore keard footsteps crossing the room, as of pu rid invalid man euufiling in slippers.' Miss H-. another visitor, also beard the steps of an old man with a moBt peculiar limp. HE TAKES THB BUSINJÍS3 IN HAND. Lord Bute, in a private letter on April 29 to a distinguished ecclesiastic, says :-4 We spent 48 hours at B-. Oa the way I was shown the enclosure in the churchyard wherern l?e, in unmarked graves, the late Major S-, his ho"sokeeper, and his Indian servant. 1 would hive gone and. prayed there, but the place Beemed to me tea public The house ia bright and cheerful, Ai her ladyship and myself did not with to be troubled at night, we took room in the wing whioh the late Mejor S-had built in order to save hiB onildren from t-* * haunting,' and we slept their quite com- fortable: After 6 p.m. I went to the place nerr tho brra where the apparition often appeared. I read aloud thu ' vespers ' for the dead, but'no phenomenon appeared, nor had I any sensation. About 7.30 I went to room No. 5 and road aloud tho first 4 Noc turn of the dirge ; ' there was nothing to bs saen or heard, but I felt a strong sensation that persons were listening. (The woi^Ta, in uttering whioh Lord Bute was thru afleoted, were-* Renom eui omnia vivant venite ad oro mus,' an invitation whioh he meant to inoludo all intelligent beings). During the night slept well, Saw and heard nothing. Ne xt day vipited haunted burn ; »aw nothing. At 10 o'clock, in room D, read the third 'Nocturn,* made ulipa of pronunciation and felt tho présenos ef others very strongly, aud that it wa1) hostile or evil, as though they were kept at aims length. A disagreeable sensation continued until I threw sumo holy w*ter on my bed before getting into it, when it sud- denly d; appeared.' THE LAST BAN«». Miss Freer, in a letter to Lord Bute, in describing the departure of a visitor-Mdme Boisseaux-says-4 While waiting for the oarriage she touohed my arm and pointed to> the window, where I perceived the Agare of *l8hbel,' and «Margot' seemod to hover ia the background. After Mdme'a departai* the Bishop blesaod tho honso from top to bottom. Ho sprinkled rooms 1, 3, andi with holy wator. Ho and the priests had hardly gone when there was a loud bang on a little table. The Bishop and priest! re- turned and tho ceremony waa repeated, after whioh the bang ocourred, but mnoh more faintly. This bang wa« the last phenomenon of an abnormal kind during nus tenanoy/ SHALLOW AWD IJCPUBBNT licrosraas. AB a sagged ti va pendant, it ia worth ra oalling the trenchant article of the 'Times writor, in whioh ho donouno»d the whole affair as a «rreat imposture. Here is aa extraot :-4 Lord Buto's confidence has baca grossly abus*d by some one. -^T^'J?* presontod to hi n that he wai taking tue most haunted houso in Sootlaad-a hons© with au established reputation for mys Urions, if not supernatural disturbances'. What ho has got is a houso with no repu»" tion whatever of that kind, with no history, with nothing germane to his pa'P0" W¡2 a oloud of baielew rumour! prodcoiddonD» the la*k 12 moaths. 