The useful racehorse Catspaw hda been sold to ? go to Colombo, and will leave.at an early date. The hurdleracer Sudur, who was about tho beBfc wo had at the game in this colony, returned to Brie bune last week. The firafc yearling to be worked this season will probably be a brother to Nambucca, by Corruze from a Goldsbrough mare, which Mr. J. M'ljaugh Ian has already placed in charge of Joe Cook. Tbo following scratchings wera recorded yesterday in connection with tbe Warwick Farm meeting : Farm Stakes — Lookout and Blue Nobby. Stewards' Mile— Fortune. Pace Welter— Little Gull. Afc Warwick Farm to-morrow Wooral or The- '? Nipper may win fcho Hurdle Rbcb; Claret orEuloug tbo Farm Stakes [ Tha. Rock or Blanche Florence the Stewards' Milej Bell wood fcbe Warwick Handi cap; and Residua or Carldalo fcho Pace Welter. Noi'-EuBt was1 yasterday struck out of the Doncaster Handioap, Carbelle, Malatun, Peerage, and Heratic out of the-A.J.C. St. Leger, and Montalto colt and Cooya filly out of the Champion Stakes. . . The well-known and popular trainer and equine - dontist Billy Miller has returned to Sydnoy from West Australia, whither he took Fadladeon and Brayleigh uoine fcimo back. Miller intends proceed ing fco. America ahortlyj Jfco gain some points in dentistry. Father O'FIynn, who, steered by the late Captain 'Roddy' Q wen, won the Liverpool Grand National Steeplcchaso, in 1892, and when eleven year old ran second to Tho Sourer, in 1806, died in England recently. Father O'FIynn was engaged at lOst 61b in the National to be run thiB month. . He was owned by Captain Gr, Wilson. . Pedestrians and athlefcea in general aro reminded that nominations for tho oompubon'eivo programme of sporta to be got through on tbe Albion Ground on March 17 are dun to-morrow evening. The bill of faro comprises footracing, danoing, quoit matches, fcug-of-war, cycling evonfcj, etc, and fche prizes in each case are thoroughly substantial. The outing will be tho first of tho kind hold in Weat Maitland for many years nnd should, bo a great ? BUCCSBB. ' A fcwo-year-ald ' colt named Braganzn, by Crown Jewel from Dolighfc, won fcho Trial Suites of 29 ,bovb. ab Murray Bridgo (S.A.) races on Saturday last, iu a field of 11. Hu is owned by Mr. B. S. Rowe, who a short while back was racing horses, round about Sydney, and appears to bean all round customer, for immediatuly prior to the start: ho gofc away from his attendant and i limned a couple of fences. The tofcalisator was used afc tho meeting, and tho Hurdle Race winner, Montague,, returned his supporters a dividend of £30 13s 6d for each half-sovereign invested. Ono of fcbo boefc mils gallops evor wifcnoaaod afc Fletnington waa rooorded yesfcerday morning by Stathroy, carrying Crocliotfc, who weighs aboub 7sb .. lib, and using bhe Band. Tho Loohiel horse ran thu distance in limn. 44Jsoc, and bhe raosbre markablo part of bho performance was fcho apparent- . ease with whioh ifc was accomplished. Strabhroy reolod off the first two furlonga in 2C900., fcho half mile in 52eoc, fche five furlongs in lmin, 43ec, and fcho seven furlongs in 1 rain. 31 aeo., and the lob aa stated. It was a dipping go all round, and quite ' up fco Hova's standard. ? ' ' The V.U.C. mooting will bo aonfcinuod and con oluded afc Fleraingfcon to-morrow nffcernoon, wben tub two principal evonfca will bo- fcho All- Aged StakoB, ono' rallo, and bhe Looh Plato 1} mile. Bobadil is ongaged in both moos, and aa neither Revenue or Scorn haa turned out noarly so good as . Mr. Wilaon expected in the Spring, ib is unlikely fcbat he will dopond upon fche (wo-yonr-olds in the All-aged Stakes, and so may give Bobadil a run. when ho should 'win oaaily from Condiment and Hopoootch. Indued, aB Mr. Wilson is not bho. man fco keep his horses olbhor as toys or fco look afc, I' wilt nofc bo surprised it' hu pulls fctio litfcJa champion oufc thruo hours later on for.fcho Looh Plato; which should also £0 bo him, Wait-n-Bifc boing about nex£ ? best. ' ' . '?'.'? Ab Raymond Terraoe f ho day beforo fcho Woiboys- - TresBider race Chris. Nicleoa. was asked if he thought his pupil (Trcssidor) would win, Neilson said, ' Woll, you know, thoy don't fire men oufc of a. gun everyday who oan bnafc a good soullor like I'reBBidor.' Noilsen was qulbe righb. Ready-made aouUorB are right enough in thoir own olasB, but. they hnvo no show againBfc. aarofnlly-preparod and - properly-coached mon. Ib tnkes n long while fco bring a man fco euoh nBtato of perfection thab ho oan row 11 long nay in a short time Noilaon is respon sible for ninny Bound oxproaslona of opinion quaintly oxproBsed. Speaking of a man who waa oonsidorod by his friend aa a great stayer, Nollsan aald : ' Yes, hu is n. great stayer, but ho sfcays too long In ono plane.' No paoe, bub plenty etamino, won't win raooB. .:??.' ' If Mr, Thomas Cook does nob havo a suncnnnfnl sale with hia horses, on tlio 27th and 28th. instant Fortune will indeed' bo unkind to him, for nob only nro tho animals fco bo submitted probably fcho bosb of their olaaa in bho colony, bub no man deserves bobtor'luok than the genial squiro of ? Turanvillo, , who has long boon fighting aptalnut bad sonsonB, poor markets, nnd fcho inroads of tho aoytho-boar among his stook. Tho woathor afc Taranvillo for1 months past has boon fearfully dry, necessitating tho feeding of tbo greater numbor of bho horses on hay, oto,, thus matorially increasing bho cost oE fcholr production, bub I am bold fchoy all look fairly, just in tho oondition whoa shrowd judges like to drop aoroaa good animnla for aalo. Howovqr, fcho times bavobcon somewhnfcsovcroon.fcho oldmaroBon fcho ootate, and among thoao who gavu up fcho ghost rooontly waa Maggto Mooro, u big ohoabnub rauro by Goldabrough from Peeroaa.by Cosflaokfrom PrlncoBi', * by Aaron from PooroBB, by Problom. She was not a BuaoosBafc tho stud, hub when racing, flrabas Mllota and then ao Mnggio Moore, nbo was hard fco bnnfc, and won good handicaps ab Wallaond^ Tamworfch, Armidalo, nnd other plaooa in tho colours of Jim Jowoll and Niok Johns. Sho had a Fualluor fnnl nfc foot afc tho time of hor doafcb. Another old daino whoso caroor flljo oloaad rooonfcly was Doodoo, by IMpio from Alpha, by Qooanok from' Oroopias Jonny, by GratiB (Imp,), otc, who many years ago ourriod Mr. R. H. Lnvlon's livhry with oonaidornblo bucoobb.' She was blitclc thon, with a fow grey hairs sprinkled through hor ooafc, bub whoa I saw the old lady last sho waa as wliito aa snow. Sho waa dam of auoh smart ones aa Grnndllko, Baroness, Wllfja, nud Kallatlna, and w/ia doaorvodly a groat favourito with Mr. Cook, who will strivo hurd to roar tho old indy'a promluing Ruonalf oolb, Baokors who dopandod upon flrsfc favouritoa for tUoir buooobo had n bnd fclmo of ifc afc Floininufcon ' yoatorday, for only ono of thnir oboioo led p»ab fcho 1 poab.andaa thab ono had Oto 2 wagorod on him only tho mon with big inoana and who woro nob afraid of n shook oould afford tho luxury of a pluntfo. Wanson, who onolly won fcho Uurdlo Raoo, aftor otnrtinB nt 7 to 1, w«a bfod iu thin colony nnd is by ' I'rldnnt from Flnoh. No ono oould f/ilrly onvy Mr. Gray s tuooeaa with Goorgo Frndoriok in tho Maidou Stukoa, for although tho Weat Aunfctalian lias apont many thounanda of pounds iu gofctinK togothor what on paper looked liko a strong Bfcring ho has won only two ruceu in throo or four, anaaoqir. Goorgo Frodorlok ia by Oarbino fjroin Danno» to train The clever Sydney-sider, Dick Wootton, ™8 on the spot with the erstwhile galloway Onm ron in the Autumn Handicap, which the daughter o? Ni»gar» and Crimson and White woD i by five lengths from Wild Raven and Gnullo, the la»t named having been favourite. Crimson'* form yesterday was bo contradictory to that whioh she had shown in the Autumn Handicap and Brunswick Stakes that Wootton was called unon for an explanation,- and he pave one, which in. of oourae, considered satiafacrory, uSl\ Kicbard left the room without a blemish , on hn Bnowlike character. Avalon, ^a-Metford. and E.e Var only had the temerity to oppose Bobndtl in The Champion Stakes, the betting on wh.ch was 9 to 2 on the Sfc. Alhaos crack, 6 to I v. . ^'?M' - ford, U to 1 v. Le Var. Avalon made tbe rnnning a hundred yards in front of Lee-Metford for a mile, when Bobadil went up aecond, where he stayed untile the distance was l^fei«£trt| money was reduced from £W°°» f 300, a no. * .W forttfe placed horses to .£500, f.5%™dJ™'; uanprtivelv It may be remembered that a similar ^SffiaVe nEdS in W, when The H^veetsr W»s Tnly half a second outside the limit, whence beat Prwton. and Carnage-altbough Sam OMkwj very dissattBfied with the tiniing-and in. 97, when Newhavenran away from The Officer and Co i,n 6i68S. The record for the race ia held by. Quiver and Wallace, who dead-heated m 5.28J- in 180G, but the looked pair only did a quarter second better than Portaea in 1891. A noteworthy ncident of yesterday's struggle was that .t «??«»»» *J« the Hurdle KBce won by Iramoo on iues day. Three-year-olds would^ appear ? to have an unfair pull at the weights m . the Stakes «b in other events, for since the race was begun in 1859: (when Flying Buck did tho trisk), animals oE that age haveybeen successful on twenty-four occa sions against five wins by four-year-olds, four each by five andsix-year-olds, andsix by theaged division. Though thero have been 43 contests for the obam uionship only twice haB there been a dead heat. In 'I860 tho Sydney horses Tniragon and Volunteer ?were too close together, in front to be separated by the iudgo, but the New Warrior horse, larragon, who was owned by Mr. Andrew Town, won the run off, and carried Oat 181b, which is the_heaviest ?woight the race was ever won under. I he next dead heat occurred when Quiver and Wallace divided the stake. In tho early days big nelds worn occasionally Been out for tbe coveted prize, «nd, Btrangely enough, in its first year the race attraoted its biggest field— eighteen. On six other oeoasions only has ths field run into double figures, ?while since 1880 it haB never got beyond seven. Though the champion race haB been an nnnniil affair sincb 1876, it is a nmtake to suppose that it lias always been so. In 1868, thore were two con tests, two more were witneased in 1863, 1865, 1866/ and in 1867, and it was mifaed in 1870, 1872, 187'1, and 1876. Such horses as Zoo, Morman, Ladybird, Strop, First King, Commotion, and Carbine won the race twice. Promontory, who accounted for Chesney and Grizzle iu the Nursery Handicap yes terday ia a son of that: promising sire Bill of Port land and Montalto, and Herotie, who downed Alemenu and Carbineer in tho River ^Handicap should be good, for he is by Trenton from that smart mare, FiBhwife. ? _? ' Thbi Vagrant, 