: "^e' talw tlie following jjieraonal items 'ffftlll *'i^r!a«iiivk-. >i^i ids , recovering ■ ^ttrbas:.? ill ness, f-The Rey. A. G. B. West is taking services just npWAt'Rehmark and otpe* places tt ; Murray Mission.—More favourable news has urrived' concerning Canon ' Pollitt's health. All will be glftd to hear that there is a prospect of his resuming his duties at •the end of this month.—Canon Field is in teresting himself in the .ihumane question of the. Burial Service in the case of desti tute* persojns. It is before Standing Com mittee at present.—Canon Sam well presen ted 108 candidates for confirmation to the Bishop at Port Adelaide., .This is believed to be the largest number presented at a time in the Diocese from any one parish.— \- The Rev, P. W. Wise has gone to Mel bourne, where he will be associated, for the third time and in the third colony, with the Rev. W. I. Carr Smith, of Syd ney, in a parochial fhission. Tliis homhina tion was first brought together at Port Adelaide.—Mr, Henry Dutton has promised £60 a year tor. three years towards an as sistant cerate in the Kapunda district. The heavy work which the Rev. C. S.'Horna brook has been called upon to do has made severe calls upon his strength, and un less some help bad come there might have been a breakdown in his health>—Mr. J. W. Castine, M. P., has been elected a mem ber of tlie Standing Committee of Synod, to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. E. G. Blackmore.—The Rev. Robert Kenny, M.A., who has been Rector of All Souls', East Adelaide, for the past twelve years, lias accepted the incumbency of Robe, with Kingston, vacated by the ap pointment of the Rev. W. G. M. Murphy to the Burrn. Mr. Kenny, who arrived in this Diocese from Ireland in 1882, lias had a variety of ministerial work, beginning with an arduous experience in the Far North; then passing on to a mining district on Yorke's Peinsula; and afterwards to liis present suburban living. In-each sphere of labour he has obtained the .solid esteem of his people, and many prayers and good wishes will accompany him, Mrs. Kenny, and family to their new home in the South East.—We hear that the Rev. Humphrey Herbert Wyllie, who is at present acting as locum tenens for the Rev. P. H. Strikes at St. Cuthbert's, Prospect, has been offer ed, and has accepted, the cure of Stratli albyn, with the mission district attached, in succession to the Rev. A. Wheeler, now Precentor oP the Melbourne Cathedral. Mr. Wyllie, who was ordained in 1881, had clerical work in Canada and Great Britain before coming to South Australia. He was attracted to this land by the perusal of a much- criticised "red-book," in which the charms of the irrigation colony of Kenmark were glowingly set forth. Here he com bined the production of "the kindly fruits of the earth" with the so,wing of good seed on the soil of human hearts. After seven years he desired to make full proof of his ministry, and came to Prospect, where he has laboured hard, and gained the high respect of the parishioners. His appoint ment to Strnthalbyn is a well-merited re ward for earnest work. Sir Rupert Clarke lias informed 'lie Minis ter of Defence that, in the event of troops being sent from Victoria to the Transvaal he will place his services at the disposal of the military authorities. In the May number of the ''Century," amongst some admirably illustrated and interesting articles on _ the naval operations by the Americans against the Spaniards in Cuba, there is_ a capital portrait of Admiral Fernando Vil laamil, commander of the torpedo-des troyers, who was 011 board the Furor in her engagement with the American warship Gloucester, then under R. Wainwright, commander, U.S. It is interesting to not.c that Villaamil was here in the ship Nautilus, 870 tons, from the (Tape, as a sea-pilotage certificate of Pilot Smith, of the Semaphore, hearing date April 1, 1893, and signed Fernando Villaamil, testifies. 'Idie weather was had at the time, and the Nautilus seenrc< 1 steam service. It was so rough that when the pilot went alongside to board her lie had to be slung in a rope,, and the men accidentally let liirn down to tlie waist in the water, and then ran him up to the yardarm, so that he remembers that Spanish craft. As depicted from a photograph by Fernandez from a half-tone pinto engraved by T. Scliussler, the late Admiral is an exceedingly handsome, de termined-looking man with a east of fea tures more English than Spanish. At a meeting of the Dairy Board held on Tuesday. Mr. R. Caldwell, M.P., was re-elected Chairman. Mr. Andrew King, writing to the Mel bourne "Argus." which stated that a lady who recently died was possibly the oldest native of New South Wales, having been born in Sydney in 1807, says:—"For the benefit of those interested in Australian longevity, allow me to state that a lady fa relative of mine) is now living at Ash liehl, and was born near Parramatta in January, 1803." His Excellency the Governor, Lord Ten nyson, and Lady Tennyson lunched witb Admiral Pearson on board the Royal Arthur on Friday. They were accompanied by Captain Wallington, Private Secretary, Major Lascellcs, A.D.C., and Miss IJussau. The luncheon party on the flagship also included the Premier and Mrs. Kingston, Lady Way, the Mayor and Mayoress of Adelaide, Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Ware, and Captain and Mrs. Creswell. Hear-Admiral Pearson and members of his staff dined at Government House on Friday, and afterwards attended the Mayor's ball in the Town Hall. Lord Gormanston, who completed his sixty-second year last month, will shortly retire from the Governorship of Tasmania. He has been six years in Ifobart. Lord Gormanston was formerly in the army, and served in the 60th Rifles in the Indian Mu tiny campaign. He joined the Colonial Ser vice -in 1885, being appointed Governor of the Leeward Islands. Two .years later be was promoted to the Governorship of Bri tish Guiana, where he served a full term befor his transfer to Tasmania. . The ehoice of President of the South Australian Christian Endeavour Union for A. J. Burt, Primitive Methodist minister, of Parkside, and an ex-President of his Conference. Mr. Burt's nomination to this office, entirely unsought by him, is the re ward of earnest labours in the Endeavour cause. The Rev. W. Rowse, one of the oldest Wesleyan ministers in New Zealand, drop ped dead at Grey town on Saturday. The deceased minister was stationed in the Can terbury Cfreuit in 1859. For fifteen.years, from 1863, he laboured among the Maoris at Hokianga. The Rev. W. H. Peters, a Congregational minister well known in South Australia, died to-night, telegraphed ou.* Perth corre spondent on Sunday, from the effects of I typhoid. : The Rev. H. E. HugheSjOfJajnestown, hai aeeepted a caHtp tbe pa^ Gawler liaptist Church; in Wceessidnio'tiiiv Rev* D- Payiflv.who left for Eden Valley: aboutsixmonthsago. V : ' taaii Monday's: " WantawCourier?; (says a Paiis telegram of June S in the London "Daily- Mail") announces that Paderewski was .married on May 31, with }he utmost secrecy, to Miss Helen . Rosen, at the Chuch of the Holy Ghost m.Warsaw. The newly married couple are now in Padc rewsRi'a villa near Lausanne, where they intend to spend the honeymoon. , " His Excellency the {foyenibr,. I«iJ 'Ten nyson, opened the annual Exhibition of ■ the Koulh Australian Society of Arts -at the Institute, North-terrafce, on Thursday week. In the presence of a large and fashionable assemblage His Excellency de livered xm address on art, in which he di lated upon .our favourable conditions, from ivhich the'Governor concluded that "South Australians ought to be a race of born artists," while if we bore out Hm Excel lency's predictions we 'We destined to be come the ait capital of Federated Aus tralia." Of course the audience, including many artists, smiled with approval. Lord Tennyson was accompanied by Lady Ten .nyson, and the viceregal party evinced great interest in the exhibition. An old colonist in the person of Mr. Henry Pritchard passed away at his resi dence, Wootton Farm, Dublin, on July 4. Mr. Pritchard came to the colony in the Lady Emma in November, 1837, under con tract with the South Australian Company, and celebrated his fifteenth birthday on Kangaroo Island. He was employed by the South Australian Company for some time, and carted piles for the first wharf erected at Port Adelaide. In 1842 he married, and spent two years in farming near Strathal byn. Some time afterwards he was ap pointed Manager for Mr. David Kennedy, near Strathalbyn. Mr. Pritchard purchased a section on the Gawler Plains in 1850, and resided there for many years, gradu ally increasing his property. He married a second time in 1866, and in 1877 he settled at Dublin, where he resided until his death. Mr. Pritchard was for many years connec ted with the Primitive Methodist Church. Eight children, forty grandchildren, and seven great-grandchildren survive. Mr. William Pritchard, of Hindmarsh, who is eighty-one years of age, is a brother of the deceased. Mr. .Alexander Kemp, Head Teacher of the Salisbury titate School, passed away on Saturday, in his seventy-first year, after a little more: than a fortnight's illness. The deceased gentleman had acted as Head Teacher under the Education Department for thirty-four years, and many of those who were educated by him now fill im portant positions in this and the other colo nies. lie was born in 1828 at Comrie, Perthshire, Scotland, and at the early age of nineteen had charge of the local parish school. He came to this colony in 1854 in the ship William Hammond, and, with the exception of an absence of about eighteen months in New Zealand, had remained here since. On arrival he entered ihe ser vice of Messrs. Younghusband & Co. Sub sequently he conducted a Customs and for warding agency at Port Elliot, and after wards settled in Milang, where lie estab lished a private school. On the opening of the State school at that town lie re ceived a (Government grant and the ap pointment of Head Mauler, which position he held, in conjunction with that of.Tele graph Master, until 1881, when he was given charge of the new Glenelg State School, which grew by rapid strides in the number of scholars and popularity under his care. In 1890 he became master of the Salisbury School, where ho ended bis labours—in harness to the last. Mr. Kemp identified himself with every commu nity in whith his lot was thrown, lie was enthusiastic in furthering religious work, conducting services on the fiahbath, especially in connection with the Church of Christ, of which he was a prominent member. He was also a zealous Free mason, having belonged to the Craft for fifty-three years. At the time of bis death he was Grand Lecturer in the Grand Lodge of South Australia, in which he had held numerous high offices. lie was a founder of Kt. .John's Lodge, Strathalbyn; Holdfast Lodge, Unlcy; and Lodge f?t. Albrui, and at meetings of the latter he delivered able and eloquent addresses. Mr. Kemp was married in 1852 to Margaret McNnnghton, of bis native birthplace, and she survives him. Of a family of nine only four are now living—one son and three daughters— ■and all arc married except toe youngest daughter-. Another old colonist- in the person of Mrs. J. J. Madge passed away at her son's residence, South-terrace, 011 Saturday. The deceased lady, who was in her ninety-se cond year, was horn in Southampton, Eng land, in 1808. She arrived in South Aus tralia with her husband and family in 18.11, and hail resided in the colony since. The early part of her colonial career was spent in Adelaide. Her husband died about twenty-eight years ago, and Mrs. Madge then removed to Clare, where she resided for a few years. Subsequently she re turned to Adelaide, and lived with her son, Mr. M. IT. Madge, of South- terrace. She was, until the Just, a regular attendant at Draper Memorial Church. The decease 1 lady has left one daughter, Mrs. W. A. Jtohins, who is now in Victoria; and tin-.:3 sons—Messrs. JO. Madge, of Broken Hill, M. H. Madge, of South-terrace, and J. J, Madge, of Adelaide. The Sydney "Daily Telegraph" contra dicts a report to the effect that Earl Beau champ conducted ti Sunday-school class at St. James's, King-street. The Bev. W.* H. Mounsey, of St. James's, adds that it would not be unprecedented if true, with such illustrious names as Lord Herschell and Lord Halsbury oil the roll of Sunday-school teachers. Mr. F. Druee, who went to England re cently to claim the estates left by the Duke of Portland, has written to his friends in Adelaide stating that Messrs. Blight, Dnt ton, & Co. were going to in helping to link the pedigree. They had told him that he had a great point in his favour in that the Duke of Portland died unmarried. There had been no certi fieate brought forward" to prove anything different, Sydney George Drnce had not arrived in London yet, and. as he said be fore, .he did not think there was any such person. Mr. Dnice's committee in Ade laide arc sending him £15. Zola is one of those unfortunate beings, the victims of arithmetical mania, says an Exchange. Indoors, he counts the stairs and all the things be sees; out of doors, he counts the doors, gas jets, the hacks—why not the sparrows_ and the telephone wires. He has the touching mania_ also; and is im pelled to touch the same pieces of furniture the same number of times before going to bed. He has unluckly numbers, which g/>r vern his choice of cabs to ride in. In the n;ght he opens his eyes seven times to prove that he is not going to die. Activity in the "Affaire" might seem to be an agree able relief from these obsessions. ^ "Secretary o£ the Young Men *: .Christian Association, returned to wedawda*A rtoiTimg^ He Bgeaksin high terms of the :Eet^O. JGU Yatmari, who hasbeeu conduct-; ing amissionwitfo much success in Sydneyi £Mr.."Viigo assiated througEout themise'ioin by singing sacrgd'solos. ^ . Mounted-constable Oswald H.. Previa baa been appointed afamjporitry Inspector; o£ Stock at Innamincka.. .It will be his duty- to inspect all cattle for. tick passing < Oontoo, on the Queensland Border. At tlie meeting of the Remnark Irriga tion Trust oii Tuesday evening, Mr.Joseph Mighell Smith was elected Chairman for the ensuing year. - i • The members of the Committee of the . Yictorian Council of Agricultural Educa tion, who went,baclc to Melbourne on Mon< day afternoon, had luncheon at Parliament House with the Minister of Agriculture, Hon. H. Butler. They also visited the Port Adelaide Produce Depot. Sir John Colton, an old colonist, whose many public-actions will not readily be ef faced from memory, had a compliment paid him at the meeting of the Adelaide Life Assurance and Guarantee Company on Wednesday morning. For the last thirty three years he has been connected with the Company, and has occupied the position of Chairman. When the shareholders attended) on Wednesday and saw a new occupant in the chair they wondered what had hap pened, until Mr. Corpe announced that it was at Sir John Colton's request that, he had taken the chair. At the conclusion of the business the opportunity was taken of ■tendering Sir John a special vote of thanks fop his past services, a motion that was, heartily carried. In returning thanks Sir John mentioned that he had been associat ed with the Company. for ,thirty- three years. He was present at the first meeting, and had never absented himself from one gathering unless he was out of the colony* There were two reasons why be did not take the chair. The one was that he had to be re- elected, and the other was that he was_ getting nervous. He did not like the asking of questions, and could not stand long discussions. During the meeting, how ever, little of the nervousness was ap parent, and no doubt the shareholders wish to sic Sir John hack in the chair will he realized at an early date. On Monday week Mi-. Thomas Yates, fol Mount Barker, was entertainer! by the ' residents of the district on the eve of his . departure for Mount Gambier, where he is in future to reside. The "Miller," a journal published in the interests of the British milling industry, in its issue of June 5 gives an excellent re production of a photograph of Mr. E. Davey, of the firm of Messrs. E. Davey and Sons, of Adelaide. It is accompanied by an appreciative notice, in the course of which it was stated that Mr. Davey was! expected to he present at the annual con ference of millers to be held fit llfraeoinbe. 