Th.e American-Indian Messiah. Among the myths and legends which have been collected by Charles M. Skinner are tlie following, which have to do with the Indian Messiah:- It was a common belief among the inhabitants of New Mexico that when Montezuma came to pass away from earth, he planted a tree which he bade his followers watch. When the tree should fall, he charged them they must be ready, for lie would return to lead them on to victory and' wealth: The people kept their watch faithfully; • although it had to be in secret on: account of the Spaniards. When " the tree finally fell, the people assembled on tlie house-tops, and turned their faces to the east, but in vain, for. the white man was there to stay. As late as 1890 a religious frenzy swept over the Indians of the West. It was a wide- spread fancy that a promise had been made of the return to earth of a great spirit, some thought Hiawatha, who would drive out the whites and leave the Indians in undisputed possession of the land. In the year mentioned, it was the report that the promised Messiah had come in the north, and tbe chiefs of the val'ious tribes journeyed to Dakota to see if it were true. Tlie chief of the Sioux, Sitting Bull, told tliem in their assembly, that he had seen the Messiah while he was hunting in the mountains. Losing his way at night, he had followed a star which seemed to guide him. When at daybreak it stopped over a beautiful valley, he sank exhausted on a pile of moss. Great numbers of Indians appeared around him, led by long-dead chiefs, and executed a spirit dance. A voice spoke to him, and turning, he beheld a man dressed in white, who said he was the same Christ who had come into the world 1900 years ago to save white men, and now he would save the red men and drive the whites away. He showed the Sitting Bull the prints of the nails in his hands aud feet, and the wound of the spear in his side. He told him that the Indians were to dance the ghost dance until the coming of the new moon, when the earth would shake, |;he winds blow, and all the soldiers of the whites would be swallowed up. At night the strange form in white disappeared, and Sitting Bull returned to tell the story to his people, and to teach them tlie ghost dance. 