THE EVE OP WAR. EXCITING SCENES IN JOHANNES BURG. DUTCH ASSERTIVENESS. 'ENFRANCHISING THE ENGLISH MEN.' (From our Special Correspondent.) Johannesburg, October 1,1899. President Kruger's policy of the past; four years has produced nothing but increased irritation amongst his Uitlan der population until now it lias reached a point when Britain can no longer afford to remain a passive spec tator; indeed the wonder is that she has for so lone remained inactive while her people have been undergoing the ex perience of financial ruin, their loyalty was being sapped, and their belief in, the power of the mother country to pro tect them against oppression ox injustice was being destroyed. But as a last resource they made a despairing appeal to the throne and found that the old Don wa6 nei ther deaf nor indifferent, and while appa rently talcing a nap had only been awaiting the favorable moment when to deal with those who had interfered with his whelps. These years of agitation, these apparently endless protests, these dispatches, Imperial and Transvaal, these racial animosities and recriminations, are now about to bring forth their logical sequence, and we are on the verge of war; war, with all its bru tality, its horrors, its indescribable crop of misery and death, and its honor and glory. We cannot complain, however, that it has come upon us unexpectedly, for years past it has been discussed as a probability, and for the past few months its coming has been looked upon as a certainty. Two months ago many persons, under the im pression that they would be allowed to re main here even though hostilities should oc cur, began to provide for that event by lay ing in a stock of food stuffs. Very shortly, however, information, more or less official, was made known to the effect that all Bri tish subjects would have to leave, and then the exodus commenced, and grew gradually from a few hundreds a day, until yesterday when over 2,000 persons left by the dif ferent trains. The scenee at the railway, station, when the fight commences for the chance of a seat, baffles my powers of de scription; but tlie scenes prior to that are pathetic in all conscience. A very large proportion of the refugees are women and children. Many of the women appear crushed with the weight of their misery and broken-hearted at the thought of leav ing their homes and husbands with the dread uncertainty as to -when and where, or if ever, they will be reunited. Some of the poor creatures give vent to their grief in tears, and when a group of little children join in, in sympathy with their mother, it is calculated to give one a. lump in the throat and a desire to find a pleasanter place. There is a very fine large station in Johannesburg, but for' reasons of their own the railway authorities compel people to entrain at what is very little' more than a siding, about a mile outside the town. Three days ago we had the first rains of the season: 2J in. fell in about five, hours,, and all at the time when the night' train to the Cape, was being got out. Such a drenched and'bedraegled crowd I don't think it was ever my lot to see as they stood there in the downpour, very few with mackintoshes or even an umbrella. The luggage stood in the middle of a large pool of water, the top portion being soaked from above. Then came the rush for the carriages, and people raced about in water inches deep between the rails; one poor woman, carrying an infant, tripped and fell on her face in the water and lay until as sisted to rise. The men were placed in cat tle trucks with a tarpaulin over the top, and when that train steamed away I feel certain that over 50 per cent, of its occupants were drenched to the skin. Why all this additional misery is inflicted no one seems to know, when the whole thing could be done bo much better in the light, shelter, and convenience of the sta tion in town. The only conclusion that even the most unbiassed person can come to is that it is part of the pin-prick policy which the Dutch officials have pursued with such questionable success ever since they have had the privilege and power to humiliate the Britisher. Over a week ago a few of the more timid shopkeepers be gan to barricade their fronts. At first people smiled, but next day more followed suit, and for the past few days every man who could saw wood or nail corrugated iron - has been busy,, and now there is hardly a sheet of plate-glass to be seen. Some of the people covered doors and all, and, consequently, closed their businesses days ago. ifesterday (Saturday) not more than two-thirds of the shops were open, and a great number closed down last night until after tfoe war.' All the jewellers have removed their stocks out of the coun try, the mining companies, financial houses, business people, and banks have removed their books and securities, payment of ac count? due is being very generally refused, credit is stopped absolutely, business is dead, and we are waiting the next move with what patience we can. The only people doing any business must be the gun smiths. Every old shooting- iron in the place lias been put in order, for, as people explain to each other, 'It may be handy, you know.' I went yesterday to get a box of 50 .380 revolver cartridges, and found that I had to pay a sovereign for them, which must be good business for the seller. For the past three days that peculiar Boer method known as commandeering^' has been in full swing in Johannesburg and district. Whatever else may be urged against the system, its simplicity and effec tiveness to ? provide for one's wants can not be called into question. A party of burghers with a police official rides up to a soft-goods warehouse and orders the proprietor to deliver his stock of blankets, it may be, at the fieldcor net's office. The process is repeated at the saddlers, the forage merchants, and, in deed, upon anyone who possesses such ar ticles as the Government requires. Some of the livery stables were cleared out to the last horse: cabs, trollies, business or pleasure vehicles were stopped in the streets, and in some cases the horses taken there and then, leaving their owners to take the vehicle home as best they could. In other cases the names were taken and orders given that the animals should be delivered in an hour or two. Yesterday I saw them stop a trolly with four mules and take away the bar and swingles to which the leaders were attached, and then allow the driver to proceed on his way with two of his animals tied to the back of his trolly. This of itself has caused some firms to close down for lack of means to deliver their orders. There is hardly a cab on the streets; the tramcars have had to curtail their service, and the inconvenience caused thereby can be imagined, though that is probably the last thing likely to give any concern to those who are for the time being our rulers. I have just returned from witnessing what must be the largest number of de partures by any one train up to this date. The train was comDosed of half a rlnzen carriages and 20 coal trucks of the ordinary pattern, with sides about 3 ft. high. The carriages contained only women and chil dren, of course, and the trucks were divid ed into sectionsfor the different racps of the passengers, European, nigger, coolie, and Chinese, all standing up and wedged in until they were as near a solid mass as human beings can be. There will be no jolting or swaying to speak of on their journey, though to stand in the one posi tion under the rays of the October sun on the 26th parallel of latitude for a jour ney occupying 10 hours, to reach the bor der, which in the nearest place where it will be possible to obtain any relief, is not the sort of trip one would take for the fun of the thing. But they were very jolly to start with, and on leaving the whole crowd sang 'God save the Queen' and 'Rule Britannia' with all the energy and spirit which they could be expected to muster. But what is the end to be? During the 24 hours of Friday the Boers say that they dispatched 30 trainloads of men and muni tions to the border, and it is variously estimated that they have now from six to nine thousand men on the eastern and two or three thousand on the western bor ders. There cannot be more than 10 miles of country between the outposts of the opposing sides on the Natal border; in deed, yesterday it was reported that the British had occupied a position at Laing's Nek, the place where Sir George Colley sustained defeat in 1881. This, if true, brings them within about five miles of each other, and near enough to suggest the possibility of an outbreak at any moment. For the past few days at every railway station were to be seen armed men, horses, and field artillery, and a joke was going the rounds yesterday that one of these men being asked where he was going re plied, 'To give the Englishmen the fran chise.' If true, the answer does credit to his sense of humor, but I fear that very few of them have anjr idea of tne manner in which their gift will be received or of the sort of present likely to be made to them in return. Many persons appear to believe that England has a long and tough struggle ahead of her, but I cannot believe it. The Boers are well armed both with rifles and artillery, but there is not a vestige of discipline amongst them. I watched a gathering of them yesterday, and witnessed quite an animated dispute between a grey-bearded and long-haired old mau, and the individual who was said to be the commandant. While at the sta tion entraining their horses every man ap peared to insist of his own method, and there was no telling who was commandant, captain, or private. If these men stand a ghost of a chance against British troops on this occasion, then all that I have been told concerning the value of drill and dis cipline is so much fudge and bunkum. Drill is merely a means of passing time away, and discipline is being insisted upon for the purcose of feeding, the personal vanity of the members of the higher mili tary grades. Other value It,-, cannot have if the .Zakhaar (branch hair) Boer is ' . as good or a better man than Tommy Atkins. My faith 1b' pinned on the J-vtter n.vo'v time, with the firm be lief that given a fair chance, under capable leadership, he will quickly -make the Boer forget how to pronounce the word Majuba, and compel nun to acknowledge that the three crosses of the union still form the British flag, and that his oft-repeated as sertion that that article is always either a white handkerchief or the tail of a shirt was a mistake, for which he must apolo gise. We are expecting martial law to be pro claimed to-morrow; the Government has already issued a proclamation to the effect that they wish the mines to continue work ing; that the Government will receive the gold from the mines and give a receipt for it— readers may smile here if they chose; that they will grant protection to the miners under certain conditions; that foreigners other than British may remain, here under the protection of their respec tive consuls; that all British -subjects will be ordered to leave the place unless they obtain special permission allowing them to remain. This permission can only be ob tained on the recommendation of the Landdrosts, Mining Commissioner, or Mili tary Commandant, so that very few per sons are likely to be so favored. If I can manage it I shall. remain and see the thing through, but the immediate future has fo many possibilities within it that no one can say with any approach to certainty what we shall be allowed to do or what will be done witfh us. There is only one redeeming feature about our present position, which is that we are nearing the end. For years people have talked war; for months past trade has gradually decreased, until now it has reached vanishing point. During the month of August, 1898, there were 36 insolvencies in Johannesburg; during the same month this year the number reached 138. Many hard things have been said about the people of this place since that raid of Jameson's — cowards, poltroons, money grubbing rascality being very generally applied, but I think that must be altered now, for it should be remembered that they are quite defenceless, that a magnificent fort dominates the town capable of reduc ing it to a heap of ruins in a few hours, that thousands of homes have been sold up and thousands of families divided, that thou sands of people have lost or surrendered their situations, and many are financially ruined by the necessity of getting away. All this has been borne with a minimum of complaint, and as mentioned previously the last lot I saw leave were singing as they went— 'God Save the Queen' and 'Rule Britannia.' 