Current Notes. (By "Juvenis.") Conscience lingers longer in racing men than most peoplie can be induced to believed Here is a case in point. A local horseman during a period of what may be called, in want of a better term, suspended seaisitivity, had run his horse 'stiff'. At last the old fel low had the beans behind him, and he won in a canter. On returning to the paddock the owner would net go near him, and when asked the reason, in broken tones (no doubt produced by the recollection of lessons he had learned at his mother's knee) he said: "Pre ran the old fellow cronk so often that now he has scored a win. I can't look him in the face." Had Moody been on the course that owner would bave joined 3, L. Sullivan. Perhaps the most-interesting and cer tainly -most startling cablegram Aus tralia has ever received was the an nouncement that Mr Moody, the great evangelist, had succeeded irn converting John L Sullivan. He appears to have made, according to Moody, a. resistance for several rounds, but Moody at last succeeded in getting home on his spir itual solar plexus, .and out John L. went quicker than when he faced Cor bett. I must admit, that the cable has made me a bit suspicious. Mocdy" is past his best, and worse still lias ceas ed to be fashionable; Sullivan as a fighter is dead, as a boxer there is yet money in him. Moody may run John as a shining example; but I am inclined to think that "when it is all over we will get a cable something like this: '-After a prolonged argumenta tive struggle at the Palace Hotel, San ^Francisco, John* L. Sullivan has roped in Mr Moody, the great ^evangelist, who has since gone into active training With "Chummy Murphy," who speaks highly of his pupil. Johm L. an nounces that he intends^ making a grand athletic tour of the States taking theevangelist with him as his sparring partner. In addition to light scientific exhibitions with tine star, Moody will look after the plate." There can be ho doubt that the Sullivan-Moody combin ation as pugilists would be a much greater financial success than the game combination as preachers. I wish the pair every success;/they deserve it, for whid&ver; way it goes, one at least will be Slew to the game. Marchand has had a magnificent recep tion in Parts; .His great exploit was losing a town; had he stuck tc it, anjl returned to his native land hiv c»ul|i have founded a mew Fronch dynasty. Even now. the Government are. -a bit a!armer| and appear to consider ft not unlikelythat be will yet bed&clai; ed Piret C6uusal as a start. If I were LiOUbet I should appoint MarchanH Governor-General^of- all the French Colonial Possessions, see. Mm. cut of the country and quietly inform) him that he will be Dreyfusised if hx>' re turns. If Marchand remains in France and is made a genera.1 it is all up with the Republic. , . .# . • Ireland has given? to the world many great divines,' poets, sofdiers, and poli ticians, politicians (especially, but she bas never yet produced' a great orni^ologist._. In proof of this comes a Western, turkey yarn. An exile named O'Rafferty, while under a. -temporary financial eloud consented to act as cook for a feutiBg gaiiyi cocked the turkeys brought in by the haughty Sassenaehs, his employers. Wandering a distance from the camp he espSed an emu. Rushing back he yelled: "Get out yer guns my bhoys; tare and ages, but there's a turkey on the plain: beyant that will last us a month." ♦ .• .* Winton is certainly the most energetic town on the continent. There is no tilled feeling aboui^the City of the Plains. During the past few weeks it has seen the opening of the railway, had raceSk held a grand ball, played cricket matches, and drank -enough champagne to float the Oceanic, and on top of ail this a few reservoirs of ctn^ ergy called a meeting to form a Fire Brigade and brass band.Both meetings fell through. The man who was to pre side at the fire meeting sent a that his medical adviser strictly pro hibited any further excitement; and the bandmaster is now offering rewards for th!e recovery of the enthusiastic musicians of a fortnight ago. If Rock haxnpton had got that connection with Winton it would have become'a second Sydney. Language and manners (except in a few places I shall net mention), are softening, and in no direction, more than in newspaper descriptions of a prize fight. Instead of being told that "Tom the Rager" got a stouch in the breadbasket Y we are informed that he "received a severe blow in the im mediate vicinity of the solar plexus." Once the sporting writers used to say: "Jim got home on the conk, the claret flowing, and the Hagers* ' peepers showing signs of putting up the shut ters " A scribe now says "Jim struck his opponent on the nose, and there was a slight extravasation of blood." "A hard one on the knob, which raised a lump as big as a goose egg," has become "A blow on the os frontis" succeeded by a swelling of normal type." If this thing goes on much lon ger nobody will be^ableto tell whether he is reading an account of a fight to a finish or a treatise onmedical juris prudence. Wise and Knox are having a row about Federation: Knox says he is in favor of it, although he is advising every body to vote against it. Wise retorts that a main whose attitude towards a question is much the same as George Bibbs' towards Chicago cannot be trusted,. therefore Knox is not to be taken seriously. Knox and Dawson are a -well-matched pair. The sugar man loves Federation and curses everything that can bring it about; Dawson says he will not be able to. die happy until he sees these colonies one great unit ed, democratic, one-man-one-vote, £300 par annum nation, but it must bs consolidated on strictly Dawscnian lines. Fortunately it is not the damn ing of Knox and Dawscih that is dan gercus, it is their faint praise. When they vote dead against unity, the nat ional cause will begin to look up. The fessttest of the prosperity of a town is not the general comfort of its citi zens, v their balances in the Savings Banks, or their consumption -cf duti able goods—it is the price of - pubs. When the Townsville Comprehensive Scheme was trembling in the balance the papars recorded that the "Spotted Dog Hotel" was Vscid yseeiterday for £2 000, about one-half the sum it Would have brought about twelve months> ago." A rumor that Billy Ac kers' scheme was a.-dead bird resulted in the announcemnt that the "King barkers' Arms" changed hands yes te^ftey afc U figure flfefclosdcl) dan siderably above prices lately ruling." The news that a loan bad been refused produced the the information that "as a sign of the general uneasiness and want of confidence in the intentions of the Government and the prospects of the loan, we may mention that the w>:l knuwp.jicstelry, the Bushwhackers' Heme, sold yesterday for <£100, a thous and per cent, below its real value." The putting on of three, men and a dray on .the Harbor works led to this start lies announcement "As a proof o? the confidence felt by the people of this city in its future greatness, we may mention that the well-known hotel, the *I>eadbsats' Delight,' of Booser St., -changed hands yesterday for £15,000, and several other similar properties are under strong offer." The pulse of the nation is the pub. .* # .* Pressmen are indignant that the re presentative of the "Age" and "Argus" wore hot allowed to travel in the Min isterial carriage in New Zealand when Tien with, Best, and some New Zealand big wigs were on a visit to some State land, let out in farms. They were of fered the dog box, but got into an other carriages and are now breathing defiance. What on earth do two great papers want to send out a couple of men to report the utterances of Best and Trenwith? Those two potentaes are cut on a holiday pure and simple, and should be alowed to go out on it unattended, and made to pay their own expenses. If political cracksmen, such as these two Victorian freebooters, had to pay their own passages and hotel bills, they would study all outside questions from a distance. Whether Moody lias converted Sul livan, or Sullivan converted Moody, is c£ little importance; one salient fea ture in the news is that the conver sion took place in a pub- Builders of expensive churehies should make a no;e of this, and if it is- found that the spiritual vineyard can be worked from an hotel as well as from a tabernacle, church debts and: all the trouble and misery they cause would be unknown. Capital beard and lodgings could be obtained in any pub in Queensland for about one-half a xoinster's salary, and .'there would be no interest to pay. T,awyers have chambers, in buildings mainly devoted to ether pursuits, and I hope to live to see the time when the card; "Rev. J. Saveall, up-stairs," un der the legend: "W. Saakejuice, lic ensed victualler," will oease to excite surprise or ridicule. Dickson and the Labor party are bolh hannted by tfie same dreamy old ghost, that the country will go to the dogs un ices there is a lot of Bills passed on every conceivable subject under the Eitn. If Parliament were dissolved for five years, Queensland would be no Worse off. A rage to alter everything is a'l that is wanted to gain a man. the holy and profitable name cf reformer. Everything is tad, and must be al tered, and when the seer has amended everything and gathered all the. avail able'shekels, he clears* or is kicked put, and his successor wades in to re form him. If the general intelligence were as low as that of our reformers, in two generations we would be devel oping a caudal appendage and climbing trees. The last days of the great Protector were saddened by the reading of the fiery old Colonel's brochure "Killing no Murder." I am engaged on a little pamphlet on ratfi&r; an intenrogatioii, spread over eight pages, entitled : "Caa the slaughtering of a politician who is in the last stage of that dreadful disease, Separation on the Brain and Tongue, he considered a breach of the Peacs." I should not like it to disturb the last political licurs of Curtis, but as a guide to future action an authori tative pronouncement should be ob tained oil this important' question. Curtis aEd Kidstou, being only two; are merely high-class nuisances; if they were multiplied by ten they woulfl be a danger to the State. Rockhampton is the political Nazareth; no good or sane politician comes out of it. Prohibition is a real live question in many parts of Macriland, but at Omaru it Is very much like Separation in Queensland—moribund. At a recent meeting of the Oamaru League, the secretary and treasurer reported that the "league's cash receipts for the year amounted to 8/, and that out of 165 members on the roll only eight had paid the shilling subscription." There was 1/ cash in hand after al lowing for 7/ expenditure, and as seven meetings were held, at which only the two officials attended, the remarkable coincidence about the expenditure crming to exactly two drinks per meet ing, has given rise to some little surprise and a lot of ribald comment. One paper advises the secretary and treasurer to dissolve the peague, and dose its accounts by spending the bob on two shandygaffs. The regrettable non-success of this league may ba partly explained by the fact t*>a± nearly everybody in the district is either a Murphy, a Mackenzie, or' a Mackin tosh. Old George (or William, or Thomas, or whatever his Christian nam*1 is), Thorn; threatened that if - the Enab ling Bill becomes law, he will stump the country against Federation. If Thorn will only stick to his promise he will be the greatest benefactor Federation has yet seen. Barton and Deakiii only impressed Queenslanders with the desirability of unity; Thorn i£ he really can be got going on an Anti-Federal campaign, will ^dnviuca them of its absolute necessity. A col lection should be taken up by all true Federalists to asist the Southern bu colic representative in his campaign. Oxensteirn rightly pointed out to his son with what, little wisdom, the world is governed. An instance of this canues from Parliament. Mr Givens, the elect of Cairns, lately got up-on his hind legs and in a voice broken with tanotion pointed out the hardship which would foil aw if an elector drifted out of h!s district at the time of the referendum. He therefore moved that an elector -should ba allowed to record his vote in any electorate in the ccle-ny. A furi ous debate ensued, one crowd saying: the thing was simply impossible/ the ether stating that it was as easy as tumbling off a leg. Just wheal blood shed appeared certain, Cowley got up and pointed out that as for the purpose of. the referendum the whole , colony would b<? cue electorlate, the row, in his ^opinion, was a bit premature. When the hon. and stupid howlers found out that the only possible me thod by which a Queenslander could possibly get out of his electorate was either to walk into the ocean or hump bluey in New South Wales or Smith Australia. Givens went into the back yard and kicked himself, while the others lifted up their voices —and ^tumblers—in the refreelimelat room, a/Qfl (frank bitterly* 