HOW SUKlTMKJiT MADE A NATION. THE GREECE OF TO-DAY CREATED OF PAST PHANTOMS How tlho Shades of the Fast Have Called the Present Into Being— An Unprece dented Experiment— Unique Attempt to Kcjnve&ate; Lanpuaje, The Greek nation of to-day is a fact created by a tradition — aii aggressive fact because it is the product of a atlendid tradition, says David Turner 5 The Philadelphia. Press. ? It is said that when, the Persian host sent by Xerxes to sack tlie shrine at Delphi mounted to the attack gigantic spectres of ancient heroes rose in the little band of defenders, and the dead fought beside the living to repel the toes of their country. These phantom warriors stHI fight for Greece in all her battles ; and it is no exaggeration to sav that this army of ghosts Is more effective for her protection than all the oostly armament that she has im poverished herself to maintain. It is simple truth that here the shades of the past have called the present into being. Not that Greece- herself is a ghost — she is intensely alive. But she a fiords a unique example of a nation lifted from its grave by tbe magic of a sen timent after a seeming death slumber of many centuries. It has often ap peared 'that of all reasons sentimental reasons are the strongest, but hirrtory can scarace'.y show another instance such as this. Nowhere eise., indeed, have such conditions existed. The case Df Italv probably comes nearest ; yet Italv, 'however depressed, could never be calied dead ; and Rome, through all her vicissitudes has never wholly lost l»r greatness or ceased to be a seat of power. But Athens had practically become a barren site. In the earlier decadus of the present century there remained r*r.5v ruins and a wretched hamlet of barely three hundred huts. For some thing' like a thousand years Greece had b~cn a little more than a memory, her territory almost unvislted, her nation al identity extinguished — though her fcfotnrv and literature were ocig^ly «?. '.ndied in all the universities oi Eur rope. To this widespread reverence for a past which her own people had in part forgotten— for they were under the biight of ignorance and oppression — BiVi chiefly owes her restoration to a place among the nations. In 1S71 she revolted against Turkish tyranny. Atrocities like those recently perpe trated in Armenia, followed, and in 1S25 Ibrahim Pasha overran Peloponnesus with an army of Egyptian slav- s driv en to battle under tlie lash. In the ordinary course of events, despite soiTt-e; g^.Uartf fighting, the rebellion would soon have been stampai out i;i blood and punished by a yet more crue- ncn dag'e. But the sympathies oi all Ku rope had been aroused ; the name of the Hellas was potent throughout the civilized world. Dead poets and buried orators were pleading for her. and the living took up tlie strain ; Byron not o«jy lifted- up his voice, but laid down his life. Finally sentiment triumphed over policy. The same slow moving1 'powers' in whose ceeth she teas lately cast her defiance, at last brought their cannon to bear in her defence and in terposed to secure her independence. Never bad the sIkuIcsj of her heroes won a more signal victory. Their influence has been dominant in Greek affairs ever since. That alone has made Athens the capital of the new Hellas; apart from sentiment it is not the natural rrretropoi^ oi the oountry. But the r-.iins which er-uvn the Acropolis have v.iised aiKMt them 6 beautiful city which will ever be tbe Mecca of students and the 'Eye of Greece.' Some have disputed the claim of this pe^pie to 'heir hc-.-:ts:Te. and doiiy that they are true descendants of the Greeks of old. Of course, their bloo.i is not pure — the blood of no nation remains unadulterated through the varied for tunes of a period of 2000 years : but I believe that the people of Greece to day are quite as truly Greek as the English, for example, are Angl^-Paxon. Yet, who wouid dare controvert the claim of the great 'Anglo- Saxon race' to their boasted title ? it is their birthright, and is not vituiicd by tlie fact that their Wood has been largely mingled with that of tire Dane, tlie Norman, tlie Frenchman and the Celt. Neither does a considerable mixture of Albanian. Slavonian airf 'VYaiiachian stocfe void the birthright of the modern Greek ; and if this pretension were as false as it is just, it would still ba well to countenance and encourage it. When we consider thax the fervent pa triotism and national pride to which it has given rise have enabled a down trodden race of serfs to become a spirited, progressive, self-respecting people, it certainly seems worthy of ail recommendation. These classic ghosts have done a noble work. Perhaps the most remarkable fact about the Greece of to-day is the sur vival of its ancient language. Not that it Is unchanged — but the wonder is that there is so little change — and with greater familiarity the marvel grows. New words, ot course, have entered, and. _ the grammar has suffered such modifications as ane seen in all modern tongues ; but when once you have sur mounted tlie barrier raised by our ar bitrary and artificial method of pro nunciation, you perceive that there is qnite as much Attic in the speech ot Athens as Saxon in tlie speech of Lon don. TJie modern Athenian can read the fli&a; with much, less study than the Londoner can read tho Beowulf, that so-called 'An^rlo-Saxon epic' — and the implied comparison is calculated to make one bow his head In shame ; while the Athenian can read the Greek New Testament at least as readilv as an Englishman can read 'Wyclifle's translation of tbe same — and,' again, oh! what a difference ! it is true that the Greek language fias suffered much less from the long degradation of its users ; but in like manner English, as everybody knows became so impoverished after the Noi~ man conquest that it -was scarcely morse than a ploughman's dialect. This detect was ultimately supported by the liberal importation of foreign terms TJia Greeks have set about the ta-=k in a different way ; they are bending ail tiRir energies to a restoration — as complete as existing- conditions permit — of their ancient language. in fact, one of the most extraordin ary experiments ever attempted is now going on in Greece— nothing less the resurrection of the dead— in the matter of language. Can it succeed ? So far as the writer is aware every such undertaking in the past lias met with fagure ; language, it was found, couia no more be made to order than a tree could be constructed bv chemi cal process in a laboratory. But it is unsafe to predict. Thas age like no other that the world has see -.. New agencies a.rp at wmrt. acles of the past are tbe common nlaees ?! Fact chases , on ?e Action, and even outstrips It. with novelties we &re; for* petting tacKv to wonder. The new ajrencv trow zi vrrrjr - ? v - P5?C *acPea^5Be|it Is popular edacsuOoik, Such an engine has never been avait a&Je; lor such a purpose before The Government^ with admirable ' enter prise, has filled the land with schools . F£e„sc^-0^ much like our own — and in them the youth of Greece are taught, as far as it is found practicable the rejuvenated language. By tWs meai* *'5 D* tne daily press — another new and powerful factor— much has already been accomplished. 'Whatever may be experiment wiS £ Watcbed mth the ere&test; interest. IWead ?? What's yonr hurry p» j Modern Composer 'Just finidwd a new °pewa«m hastening down to the De Fashion j uA«'einUMoeptft?' ui coarse.' j « y°u cee2. TCry confide#*.' I'lTes/' ! iu my new -*** *** 15 drinkuur song* ! Absolutely Correct. —Bobby \Vl-v ! itoesr. t the clock strike thirteen, pa ? Pa' 1 Because. Bobby, it hasn't the face, to do it i the cotton becomes readme' thr^dh^' 