Light at Eventide. BY ' MAKUEH DREV.' ' Have yo brought up the cows, Leo?' • Um; they're all up long ago.' ' Well, just you get away down to the stablp, and pat in Jenny to the sulky. I'll ajvay to your Aunt's for a bit. Ye ueed not wait on me for tea, as I might stay yonder till the moon rises. You and the bairns- will be no feared to stay by yereels ?' • Not us!' replied Leo, a little indignant that lie, a lad of seventeen, should be thought feared of anything in the world. Though a slow- going lad, he was his mother's right band on the selection, and managed itlar better than his father (a limp sort of being, who bad given up the struggle with bad seasons by giving up the ghost, and departing to that country whence no traveller returns), and made the place pay sufficiently well to keep.its owners—or I should say holders'—from want. ' Now, Loo,' said Mrs. Powers, when the sulky was r£ady, ' see that the young ones keep out of mischief while I am away. I'll not be long, and maybe one of the boys will ride back with me; anyway, look after the house well, there's a man.' • 'But I always do, mother,' said Leo, wondering yghy his mother should be so particular on this evening. •Yes, yes,' -said his . mother, hastily. ' I know you do, p>y boy. But I must be off, or the day will be past before I getall Jone. . Good-bye, for a while.' . She made as though she were going to kiss him, but the boy's look of surprise stopped her, and she hurried into the sulky and drove off before he could • She W£S of Scottish descent, and her son bad inherited all a Scot's dislike of demonstrative affection. Mrs. Powers was a little put out by this little occurxetace.and unconsciously she said aloud: 1 If he only knew! Sly God, if he only knew!' Knew what, mummy ?' asked the child -who accompanied her, a bright little lassie of nine. Eh, mummy, knew what ?' 'Oh, nothing, my pet. I was just thinkin' that time, in place of .looking after Jenny.' •fif jYes,4 thought you was thiukin', mum, J^yise^Jenny was going right into the Jroftft. -JiugM liave been knocked out ot the trap! But why are jou gpiug "tins way, intttn,? The other is ev» so much nicer.' * Yes, so it is; but this road is the shortest, -and that will suit me better. You just sit stall, and liold that clappin tongue of yourB, like good girlie. I want to think about things, and my lassie mast not chatter, or I'll bo put off it,' They child obeyed, and amused herself by pulling leaves off the trees as they passed. Jenuy usually took her own way, and went at ker own pace, but she was a staunch old thing for all that, apd would pull till she dropped.. Mrs. Powers evidently thought to some purpose, for, when she and Elsie got down at her sister's door, she wore the look of a woman who had made up her mind to take a certain coarse, and would take it in spite of all opposition. ' Come away in,' said her sister, Mrs. Kelton, a comely Scotch woman of mature years. * Come away in ; I am pleased to see ye over the day, though fair surprised top, as 'tis Monday. Has anything' out o' the common happened you ? 1 Of coureo not; what is to happen ?' said Mrs. Powers, sharply, looking meaningly at her sister and then uodding towards Elsie. f v Oh, ay; I understand,' Baid her sister. Come in here, aud we'll not be disturbed; Elsie can stay wi' the boys.' Shutting the door (that of her own bedroom), she placed Mrs. Powers, who was now taking like an aspen leaf, into au arm chair, and removed her bonnet; sho then poured a little spirit iuto a glass, and, dilluting it with water, insisted upon her drinking it off before she spoke a word. ' Now, my woman, what's a' this work about? I ken well that you're no the body to make ony to-do without good reasous for it.' He's comin to get an aiiBwer tomorrow, and I may hae to go,' replied Mrs. Powers. ' Gany! gong where,' cried Mrs. Kelton, relapsing, as was her wont when angry or excited, iuto broad Scotch. * Whaur will ye gang till ? An' why auld ye gang at as ? Has that doited auld fule closed on the place after a' his talk ?' ' He's no that auld,' said Mrs. Powers, inconsequently; a faint color tinging her cheeks. ' But that's got nathing to do with it. I had a letter from him the day, pressing for a decision, ye know he helped me in my need V Her sister nodded. ' Well it's no use going on this way for ever. I cannot pay him, so I had better sell out. It is too hard, too hard on a poor lone woman!' ' Tell me all, lassie—tell me the whole of it! Yc're keeping some of your story back,' said Mrs. Kelton. 'What makes ye think that?' asked Mrs. Powers, and again the color flushed over her worn face. ' It's easy seen,' said her sister. ' Why, woman, ye're" just shakin with the effort to baud yersel in! Out with it all, an I'll be able to help you untangle yer skein of trouble, maybe.' ' Well, then, he wants to marry me, said tho poor woman desperately. ' Gosh, save us!' ejaculated Mrs, Kelton, seating herself on a box, and gazing at her sister in great perplexity ' I'm fair astonished. The doited auld— but no, he's no so auld, but all those children! Well, well, well, there's many fules!—no, no, I am no meatiing that eyllier; but il is a' 60 sudden. Ye might hao tauld me before, Marget. It was no kind of ye, to leave me in the dark.' ' Do not be vexed Kirstie, I could na tell ye. I think sl^rae of myself sometimes that a thought of marriage, after all I've suffered, should enter my head. But, oil, Kirstie, I must do it, there's no other way. A poor lone woman canna win her way these times as 6he could a while since; and for the sake of the children, T must do it. An besides—' ' Well, what besides ?' asked Kirstie as she paused ' I cannot tell how it is, but I don't dislike him. He has been a staunch friend to me and .miue, an libs always acted fair by us. t feel that he would be good tc my fatherless little ones and oh, Kirstie he is one of oar own people an he understand.' ' Ay,'he is Scotch enough if that's ony comfort. But I can see well that yer heart has passed out o' yer aiu keeping into his. So ye'll have made up your mind without niy couusel. Margaret's emotion threatened to suffo cate her, and she could not speak for few minutes. 'You will not be vexed Kirstie, my sister, but I could not bear to trouble you; I know your own troubles are bad enough. I came to ask you to come over in the morning. Mr. Hamilton is comin an—au—I'd like liim to see ye. Ye'll come ?' < Certaiuly; I'll be there,' and she (Kirstie) kissed her sister. There was silence for a few moments; then Mi's. Kelton said brightly— * Now, come away and have a drink of tea before ye start home.' * No, thank you, I'll go at once; I feel anxious about the children to-night.' * Will you iave one of the boys to ride back with ye ?' 'No; the sun has not set yet, and there will be a bright moon to-night, She is young yet.' •Ay, good-bye then! . I'll "be oyor the morn. Now, Elsie, mother's ready Jenny trotted quickly home, and they reached the gate' just as the sun dipped to tho horizon. Beside the gate a horseman stood, waiting; and, as the Bulky drove up he dismounted and opened the gate Margaret entered an'exclamatiou of surprise as she saw him. •Good evening, Mrs. Powers; I hope you are well,' said he." 'I'm fine, tbauk you Mr. Hamilton, did not expect you till to-morrow,' she added, looking confused. ' No; • ah well, that's no matter, thought I wonld have my answer to-night, and then go on to Jack's to sleep. I am. naturally, a little impatient, yon see. Let Elsie take the sulky up to the house, aud we can talk here.' Margaret got out, and Elsie drove off. Alex. Hamilton's sworn friend for life, because he trusted her to drive; a thing mummy would never do. ' Now, Margaret, I have come for mj answer; what is it to bef' She looked at him, and he was worth looking at, for he bore the unraistakeable impress of noble manhood. Iu the kiudlj grey eyes she saw, as in a mirror, deep affection aud firm purpose, and her own gaze fell beneath the power of his. He waited quietly, perhaps because ho knew frorti her reluctance to speak what the reply would be. The sun was just setting, nod the sky and landscape were bathed in a golden mist. Suddenly, as if to throw a parting glow of light ere he sank to rest, the sun grew deeply red, casting the most lovely reflections of rose and violet over the golden clouds. It was a beautiful sight, aud the tears welled to Margaret's eyes as she looked at it. 'See, Marge !' he whispered; 'it is " Light at Eventide." Will you take me for your faithful man ?' 'Ay,' she said, in her quaint, Scotch way,' I'll take yc, and gladly. Why do you want to take me and my fatherless children, though ?' she said. ' Never ask a man why lie wants the only womau Earth holds for liim,' said Mr. Hamilton, smiling. 1 But I will tell you; because I loved you eighteen years ago, though you never knew it. That's why, Marge; so now we will say no more about it.' The sun had set, and the daylight was slowly fading, as the two approached the little cottage where Margaret had fought many a battle with poverty, for the sake of her little ones. As she looked up into the face of the mau who was to take her and her children iuto his safe keeping, she felt that the deathless light of a true man's love would indeed shed a bright radiance on her future life. She had borne the cross of mistaken affection ; she was now to wear the crown of a true, lasting, and chastened love. It was truly, with both, ' Light at Ereutjfc^ . Wiien Mrs. Kelton arrival noxt morning, she scarcely kuew hor sjstef in the bright-faced woman who introduced her hasband as ' Alec Hamilton, Kirstie; him that I was tellin' you of!' By- fclie warm handshake he = gave her, Kirstie knew that Marge's grey days were over and past, and she had entered that land of goldeu promise - well-founded happiness. - , ^ 