Mr John MnPhoo sonr, of Woodstock S'ation, is at presoot seriounly ill with inllunizii. which ho contracted last week. On lTridny luet Ur Johnson was sent fur, but being away attending a l-a'ient at F-uiliurst Dr 7/oihurstunliaugli was coliod in- JBr McPhco lim.ame wo'reo on Batti I'd ay evening and at mid night ho was visited by !> Johnson, who found him in a niilitial enmlition Ho iuijirovi'd alightly during Sunday livening and yostnrdny: a consultation wiih held between Dra JuIiiihou and Fiitli.erstouhnugh, who uumo to tho con- i:l usioii that his omiditiun wns s, rimis, Wo- learn that envero nervous sympiouis mnnifested theinselvoH lure Inst night, when ho wns again visited l.y Or John son, and wo midei'stond tbn. iho iwo medical gentlemen nientionnd will again meet in consultation upon the case this lllternnnii. On Huiurdny next the locnl crirketors journey to GlenpatiicU to piny an As- soointion rankdi with. roprneentaiiveB of that place, and Amphitheatre will meet Mt. Iinnnn-h upon tha lnHor's ground, : Wo are jileaseiVto hear that the water hns nt last boon got under in tho All Natioua-cloim, on -tlio Homcbush road, and it is to bo sinroroly hoped that this enterprising porty will in tho near future hp well rewarded by excellent yields for their trouble and palioDce. , The next monthly mooting of tho A voiiii ' Eire : Hrigado'' w i ll' bo ' held 'on ' T'lurpday, N-ivenibor tho JGth VVe direct our renders attention to Sutton's advertisement in another col umn, By psrusol it will ho 'seen that Sutton's liberal time payment eystoni plucoa Jlie puriilinso iif a piano;,! organ, or other musical instrument w.ithin the remdi of ovory body. : The. following is the rainfall- for. Oii- tnhor na rernr'li-d and kindly supplied ns by Mr W M. Civil ow I nr.- 8 points ; 2nd,. 4 poinm ; -Uh, 14 points ; 5th, 4 poii-t- ; atb, 4 p, int. ; 9 h, V7 points ; llili, 11 pninta ; .1.2th, 2 points ; 14-th, 10 points ; 5tli, !8 points';1 IGth, J7 points ; 17' h, 14 points ; 8th, ii points. Tnlal, 1 ipf.-h . sr. .points. Miss Glint er, iieieo of Dr Johnson, was at'arknrl liy tiie prevailing (ipi - di-ruio, ii flnenza, last ireelr, hut had re covered sufficiently to g» out on Nuiidov. ' On Monday morning, however,' she enmp'nins'd of not feeling well.' and' about two houiB afrnrwords svniptnms of pneumonia mai.ife-tvd theiiisolves, And shp is now in a critical st .le. Wo heg m acknowledge the receipt, f- m Messrs f'ur j-nori, Butler, Niohol and Kw.-rie, a n..w odi'ion of the wur map of South Allien, published hy Sanda and McDongnll, which shows the dis'anore by railway from Oa|ie Town to tho var ious towns upon which public intention' js at present riveted. Mpssrs Pinch and Campbell report having held a fairly eucceestu! snleetj tbeir Avoca yards nn Monday, the 30 h insr., i tin majority of ihe iota > fleied J iiit-e'ing with 'reitiiy enln T't'-y —flnreo, , ii t.el.Hll nl. Mi Avnrna -of Aioin teiii ! (t'eot. a ni'-e oil of ponie- whiili '"Id at : priien sniiRlai- torv t" the vendor. Oo t-'-liKlf id otVer Vfivlors tlo-y sold la' J l.iiib-eks to tMt rows to £0 V Of, fat | h.i'.is In £J 1(1-, -2 .fioth wethers (sh<-r»i) ro 7-- 2d. T'Ke ptim-inal vendors wero Jl-.o-rs A'!nms, Q'.over, Mj"-li"li, if>erpf-n, El'iotf nnd Wovrldngion. Mr But' who bus been p"> maijenMy nppt.ii. fed heed tench' r ot tha-iocal stu'e school, arriv-d from Heywoud and took cherge on Friday last. The fralntiee sheet in rotinectien with tire coiirert end ball ren-u'ly held nt Red ban k in nid of tho ,31- niaii Ofholio cl.tt'i-h appears' in another nt liitnn. A hall and' siipper to wind r.n the ses.roi will he held -by tho Federal (i'liidrilio Cluh in 'tho- fShirn Hall this evening. It is well thnt - holflers of electoi-R' riultts should renipmher that all olectois' tights mast bo renewed tn-day or tie inqiTow, notwithstanding that they boar a rio'tiif. petting foriji- that tlo-y hold grmd ur.iiiv2nd Dneemher 'next The Autlralittn J'-uni"! io' Neveinhnr is In hsiiil. The talcs 'The Expiation of " Claude Win-rate' and ' A Lnve Maieli' arc | rniitimied and n new story entitled ' iho . False Riil-it-s is eomiiieiii-oil. iSi,voral short I stmics and other spicy mailer go to make ! up n tip-top number. A young man named Lmnbcft tu' with | a nithvr seiious acrident f.u tjatnrday last. He was driving near the Avoca Lend when i he. fell out of ihe conveyance lie wns in ! nnd the wheel passed over his elms'.. He , was attended to on Sunday morning by j Dr Grimmer, who nr.lercti nis removal to the Amherst Hospital. If i" feared that he has suffered snme internal injury. Messrs D J Diiggnn & Coy., report a gnotl yarrline nf cuttle at their monthly txtAfls cnln at TUinlilm nn VriflltP ill' eluding snriio very nii-o steers. 87 head yarded nr.rl sales were efl'e. lod as follows .- i — Yearlings, £1 I2s Gd ; 2 year old-, £2 I Go ; fnl cows. £4 5s to £3 lUs ; milkers, not much in demand. Ehoep — Small yard ing owing in many insinriccs to shearing operations. Aged merino owes rind liiinhs, 12s to 13s G'l. Horses— No snla effected. The next rinle nt Bcnliba will take place on Friday, Nov. 2-itli. We are reluctantly eomprilcri to hold I over Elinliurst correspondi ng nnd other items of interest. These will, iiowevor, appear in til) r next issuu. Lieutenant Salmon, of 5ho Mounted Tlilles, who goes to Smith Africa, is a hrollier ol' Dr. IT. U. Salmon, M.L.A. I lie has n twin brother who also volunteered, hut failed lo get lliinugh, perhaps, hecatiso the selectors thought that Iwo men unsldu In ho djstinguiehe.l frnin one another might make complications ; hut (here they wcie mistaken. Tln.-y would luive worried the Boeis like chosts. The first time L)r .Sal mon w.-1H elected, the two hroll.eis worked hard for him. The) wme everywhere. Win n Ihe opinsilion man loft Talnot, the I nil man to my goml-hio gin I)r Salmon's i-rntliei, and ihe iiist to meet liiin far nway won WT'iiingly that samu himliei. At first the eiindiiimn complimented liiin en I. is riding, and the hrotner smiled.-' Then he engaged n faster p-ur nf horses, and drove hard lo the next place ; hut again .llu.t, hrollier sllill L'ond-hyO at "one town ship, ami met him smiling at the oilier. At lust he colhipKcd, Vl'm going mil,' lie' s»lri. ' I cumc up lo fieht an election, lint I'll, not going to light a family of gliosis !' ami it wasn't until lie went nut that he 1 1 in— covered that it wns the Salmon tnins hav ing a game with him, and not ghosts I— ' Atlieus' in the Liudcr. The' Horsham 'limes writes : — It will he leurnt that l'oliec-Sereeaiii MonliH. who for the oust ihirc inouliiH has been in charge of the lioisl am Htalion has received notice of his Irnnafer, to take effect from the firM of next month, I'n Stimuli. Sergeant Monks' friends will, of course, ho glad lo learn of his prniiimiun, hut the loss of so excellent an officer will he appreciated and felt by all sections of the townspeople. The sergeant, during his short residence in ll.e Iowa, has won general respect, and nn Inter than nt ihe meeting of i in; Horsham Borough Coun cil on Tuesday evening u high coniplimcpt was paid to the anility arid energy he had exhibited as inspector of nuisances and summoning officer. Sergeant Monks hopes that his health, which of Into has been indif ferent. will ho benefitted by the change.' Tito ' Winimera Star." ulao referring to the removal, says : — 1 During Ilia short stay lit- Horsham Sergeant Monks lias proved him self a voiy capable, courteous ami obliging officer, and all those with whom lie lias conic in contact will wish him success ami good health at Slawell.' Members of tho police force inB.illara', Cliincs, ond ollnr (liBtibdh, will regret" In learn of t ho death- of Senior - constable Tliomns llnggart, which nomrr- d yesterday,' ai T;il hut, where ho has for seme lime heon stationed. The lato officer was from 1891 to 189-1 in charge at Wpnilpnrec, and was also for a brief period on dtiry in the „ity . He lias also been engaged at Clones, Am herst and' Ararat. Tie whs nn e.x-Lifo Guards man, and won the corrl ia I goodwill not only of his vomradcR in llle force, -but of .all who camo in contact" with: Glim; Much regret waH expressed by tlipTJity; police yest'prday wheirnuwa of his dehiise arrived. The Into scnior-eonstuhle wns, a' widower, his wife having diod'12 months ngOivniiil - u fontore of the case is that soven children, whose ages ran t;e from two to seventeen yours, are left'nrphaoeil- Privaio G Bloy, of tho Victorian Rangers, , who was injured through a fall from his horse nt the show-grounds on Friday, did not_ recover sufficiently to allow of his sailing with the contingent. He felt the disappointment verytkuenly, nnd tho strains nf tho mnr-hing bands reaching him in whitened liospit.nl ward inado him nil the ,tnnrp fretful at his confinement, lit) is still nn inmate of tho institution, but i"r progressing favorably, and in a few days will probably ho tyell onoucli to rotiini to his home at Ararnt— ' Argils;' . _' V/c copy tho following ..from , tho" V Talbot Leader':— Although not "referred- to at tho berd-off' to Licntonant nnd Anjutant R W Sn'.incn, w« might mention that lie holds quite a number of public posif-ions. fn ad- -rlilion to being a borough oouneillor, ho Is a (ut-mbei of tlio Ainherat Comefory trustee", and of thu coimnitta of management of tba 'Dilbut K'icoceuran, the occnitaiy of the local Fire Brigade In friendly society affairs ho iuiB also occupied forward positions. Ho is at present a member of tho hoard of diroo tors of tlio Manchester Unity, I'.G.M. of the Talbot district, bceidon passing through the chnir in tho local lodge, an i-x-preaidoDt of the local branch A.N.A. and P;M. of tho Talbot Masonic lodge. The Brown Hill Company, Western Aus tralia has declared- n dividend of 7s Gd per share on 140 000 shams. This makes the loml dividends declared hy tho Kalgoorlie mines for this year £1,516.000, tho totai dividends to date being £2,730.000 from local mines alone. The Brown Hill Com pany fins paid 80s persnaro, | The oath of allegiance administered to tho' ' members of the contineont for South Africa I is as follows I dn sircar that I will well an.l truly serve nur Sovereign Lady the i Queen in Ihe Vietari-n (Jnn'i"g"nl uf Hm i Military forces of Vieturia tor service in j S-illi Africa U'llil legally -'iseharepil, dia. inieaed, or removeil. iiful iliet I will oppuse 1 nnd resist Her Mnjeatv's enmities, and 1 Her Mi.jes y'a ps-M-e tn lie. kept nnd pre- |eerveit, whether on lan l ur sea , »n-l th»t I will prevent, to the "est of mv power, all .it.'ninni Hiiin ; nnd tluti whil« 1 oniirni" to ««! in lli -?«"» T will, 'o ihe i f-ft <.f n,x- Mkill and fail hfnll v ttv duly Hf-nrdin to law. So ln-lp me God. , (j"iii|'lHintH riro nninHrrnifl of tlio miprtitor ; don In prcph of pas lv tho inftcpit. In: Horn plnc't it la next to iniposi- ible to oh- fn»n a crop ; the hirda pt'cill to wnit for ft I week or an after the «et»r! is aown, then, af tho ppflH ootnmancc to nwidl out. they fifO pollrd out, until timcp not a pl-mt is left A aimplo remedy is to cover peas or henna wiih «n incriiaiiition of red lead in pi.wtlpr, .Slit Inly dump the seeds, iheo sprinkle ft lii I lo of the powder over thriw, nnd stir well together until itiey. nrn covered. Very linli: lend goes ft great w«y, n pinch or two would do for n good sowing. It ia well to hnve a pot or saucer for tlio purpose, i end tiicn Irsa will lie wanted enoh time in euceoasinu. Scetla trefttud; au..dboyo mft\ ho, I turned "iVp by'tlm Idrda, I nt nro not token,, nnd tliB turning up ia anon let alone. Neither birds nor mice partake of seeds ho treated. JnluenKft ift raging nniOiieft ilio omployrs of Hie Post nnd Tuh'graph department, tliero being nitnrly seventy on leyvc tu present on | ueeonnt of it. Every brunch in the service i ih affeelcd, including the snitch operators | at the Telcplmne Exchange, and in this enso the reserve staff is unequal to the eiuei- geney, nnd the work being of a nattiio that, rrquires some months' experience, vuctincies cannot he ro ensily filled as in other branches nf the service. The Pnst!n«sf erGeneral, therefore. Iiopes that if the service is not fts Hatinfactory ns tisnal sonic allowance will be nmdo for tho unnnunl circnms-tancoH. Ur Grf'sswcl, permanent head of llio Meulth department, wtfles flint tho di»en«e nprendn rapidly in ill-vcnlibitt'd rooms and ofliccn. III 111 fipilIIUU llHf ».-! »- cnuiinon means of distributing the germs, as perq le snU'criug frnm infinenxa are met in pnhlic places, in trams and trains, who, in freely using their handkerchiefs, inno cently infect others. Before tho end of this week all (lie troops intended for service in South Africa, and | which hare' been drawn from all tho cliiof .possessions of the Empire, as well 11s from tlm. motherland, will he on their way lo Africa. Last week 50,000 sailed from Eng land. Canada's contingent of 1000 loft on Friday. The New Zealand unit has been ot sea for a wn.-k, the trnnps from New Son t li Wales, Victoria arid Tasmania Pill - harked on Saturday, and those from South Australia and Western Australia will join tho Medio Ibis work. It lias been com puted that when tho eotnplrle army coips which Ihn Imperial Government propngns to Hour) to South Africa, under cnmnmnJ of General Sir Kedvers Boiler, reaches tho scene, that tlio British forces in South Africa will total 68,000 men, and the colonial con tingents w ill wise this total lo over 70,000. The ntiw Telephone Hail just inaugnriit- , od in Paris has one stall where 2G0 ladies operate, Ti-ey have ntln r moms to repose in dining their oil hours, till their turn comes on again. Tno air supplied to the renin a is nil filtered, and gallantry has been induced in have llifi air perfumed. Mrs Mary Arm Soaicli, whose age is given as 99 years 9 months, has died at Itietimnnd, New-South Wales. The deceased Avas iinrti ill Cornwallis, uenr Windsor, and was con sidered to ha ill- oldest native. Sl'.o was the mother nf 14 children, only, three of whom ate now living: The eldest son, Mr Ham Kreebmly, 79 yeais old, is n resident of Mittn M it In, Victoria. Victorian horn residents of Western Aus tralia are well in tvidenco among thnse se lected in tho sialer cniooy.far service in South Africa. According to Iho 'West Jiiisnuiiau ill un: luin jnsi., Ill priVHIt-H| Inirl piis-od the tieocssary oxamitmiiun, and j 92 hud hud military cxporicueo. Of the' lo- nil 45 wore born it, this colony, and 34 of 1 these hud seen servieo. Dr Rupert Hornabrook, who ib reported In have forced 40 Boers to surrender, is the sun of Mr 0 A.. Hornabrook, and was horn in Adelaidu in 1871 . How to cure headache nnd Catarrh. — 'Inlre a small phial and put in it some bits of cupper wire, a small piece of zinc trad ono or two piueeii of sponge. Then get your druggist In put in the pliittl n few drops of nil of mustard. Keep this in a dark place. For cold or eutnrrh remove the cork, keep ing tho phial closed with tho finger, and smell of it (tho cork) at a good Bafe distance. For head ueho touch ilia .forehead ami tem ples lightly with the cork, nnd when it ccaso.a smarting the pain will have disappeared, Tho result (anys the Ballar.tt Star) of tho first nocidcnt of the soastili from carcirsaoess in using firewoik.a was treated ut the Hospi tal on Wednesday. 'The sufferer was a hoy named John Wstson, 12 years of age, living with his parents at Pennyweight Hill, who wns firing crackers, when a spark alighted on a packet lie was lioldiug in his left, hand, nnd the whole pnekut explodod, lacerating hie thumb and three lingers very severely. Dr M'Gown, who (reared the little fellow temporarily, stiteljing up tlio wouuiIh, hopes that lie inuy he able to avoid the necessity for amputation, and in order that the" suf- fet'or may have every clranco, ho was ad llllttod fo flllO flF (lilt CllVl.i/lal Idn.itn Mr J C Williamson, who is now in Syd ney. saj'H that the partnership between him self nnd Mr Mttsgrovo will expire on I7tli December, ami will not be renewed. Pure vonoin of tlio .rnttlcstuke, is. being used -by. Amerieoun doctors . in - suvero cases of scarlet fovcr. - Tlio deadly harrow poison of the Africuu cannibals is now recognised us u pntont liuart RO'lativo, At Purruiniitta, N.SiW., Mr II B Loveday, a commercial traveller, was killed by 'a atone pillar falling upon him from a crane, the foot of which slipped atid caused the BO.'ulenU The steamer Hosketh, which went ashore on the nprlh beach nt Grnymouth, New Zea land, is likely to become a lotnl wreck A gato is springing up, nnd a hoavy sea is knocking her to pieces. Owing to a chnreoof dynamite unexpect edly exploding in the Blinman mine, South Australia, Alfred Sprunglor was hurled down the Miaft, about 70 feet deep, and kilk'dv Dect'ftfiurl, irho vviih r widower with two Children, orrivod from Broken Kill Bant weok . "t It has been decided to ndopt Gray's ma chine (which ,s used on all tho' registered courses ,n Sydney) for starling rneos in England. All two- your-nld races at New market next year will be atarted bv the agency ot the machine. 