CHAPTER THE LAST. Once more Bank Holiday, was close at hand. In the upstairs room of the house standing unchanged in the broad [ ? thoroughfare of South-East London the '??' dlick-cliek of a type-writing machine could b_e heard. A big trunk; ready for packing, stood just Outside the open bedroom door. .' . In at tihe window.shone a glaring sun, and from the strg3t below oame the confusion of many sounds, as though cessation was absolutely impossible. Nan Ellis sat there working hard, as of old, little altered in appearance, though more than a year had been added to her life. Lady Donnithorne never fully recov ered. For some months she lived, a feeble, irritable invalid, with weakened mind, then a second stroke carried her off. ' ' . Sir Gerard's hope for little Molly was never realised, and nothing could be done with her mother. rs».vpi f.n mm Tior all the nursing she required. Nan took the child back with her to Lil/and Cousin Maria, then resolutely returned to her old working life. Sir Gerard carried out Ms intention of going abroad, starting on a scientific tour with some friends. He and Nan wrote to each' other now and again, but not often. As to the runaway couple, silence is best. Their doings may be left un chronicled. But Hubert Dunster managed to get leave before very long, and soon succeeded in convincing Lil of his abiding love and trust. ' Within a few months of his mother's1 death they married, tod now Lil, in, her bridal finery, is winning love and ad miration for her sweet 'goodness in Vienna. '.'??' As on that day two years ago, Nan is hard at work copying a manuscript. And when her work is at an end she gather up the sheets with the old. quick readiness, get them ready for posting; and puts on her hat. She does it so many times in the course of the year that it is second na ture to her. She has forgotten that it so chanced she took a parcel to the post office in the same way on, that day whence dates the beginning of so much for her. But to- day she does not dawdle about, looking in the shopwin dows. Her heart -is aching a little ? waiting is such weary work at times. , She tries to turn, her thoughts to her packing— what she will ? need to take with her to the farm-lodgings- where she is going to spend; her short summer holiday. It is not till she is close at home that she notices a hansom cab just turning away from her door ; and the vague, haunting memory that has been, with her all the time half-unconsciously flashes into sudden life. Quickly she runs up the sfceos. insfcin time to see her landlady's solid back disappear down the kitchen, stairs. ' It is a visitor far her, £ i, thinks Nan, and goes on. to her own domain, the sudden flicker of hope dying a quick death. Her door is ajar. She pushes -V open with her foot, raising her hands to remove her hat at the same time, ?? then stands stock still, her face gains deadly white. At the window is a mam, who turns at the sound of her low gasp of amazement, and cornea towards her, both hands held out 'She ia dead, Nan. I came across her a month ago im New York, a miserable ghost of herself. She died in my anna, poor woman! Thank God I was there to forgive her. at the last. Save for that, I might never have known for cer tain, And now, Nan, am I too late?' No needs for words, is there?. In Nan's eyes, full of the dawn of a creat happiness, does her lover read Ms answer. (TheEnd). . 