Mostly Up north. The Loyal Skimmed-Milk Sisters of the Tea-pot Brigade, whose battle ory is ' gabble and guzzle ' and their banner a mysterious under-garment, are waging a terrible war against the hotel keepers in the interests of the cold water party. Not satisfied with having nobbled the Iooal press, these old fnimpsnowamttHethemselvesbycttt tine oat hntal-L-nnnnrH nrivf.H nnr with the addition of a beautiful text, send them to the proprietor or landlord of the boose advertised. I have one before me, it is an ordinary advt. of a big city boose, and underneath is the query 'What shall it profit a man, etc. There is no name, of oonrse, but the Ethiopian oan't ohange his skin, and a dirty old nrag-wnmp oan't mind her own business, even if she were promised a olean pair of stockings. For a troublesome old fowl like this poisoned wheat is UBefal — it's very searching and attends strictly to business. ♦ * ? Dnring Show week in Launces ton, a conference of delegates to the Council of Agriculture was held, when lengthy papers were read and debates took place on tuberculosis in cattle, the best way to lose money by dairying, the chemical proper ties and component parts of manure «nd other stinking things. On the last day (here was a lot of bucolic eloquence still oa top and, bb there was not much time to let it flow, the members decided to have half an-hour only for lunch, A discus sion ensued when the half hoar should be taken. Some wanted 12 to 12 30, others 12.30 to 1 p.m., others 1 to 1.30 p.m. Shortly aft.r 12 they commenced bargint? on thin topic, and at 1.45 they agreed to adjourn from 1 to 1.30. As there was then only abont 15 minutes left for a ran of their teeth, the delegates flew down St. John-street vu a uauujr 9i»iuig uuuiro wiuu cms much accelerated haste as if they had seen Krnger's ghost. About half -past one, anyone in the vicin ity of the public buildings ooold have seen several scientific agricul turists making their way to the meet ing place, putting in some decent jaw work, as if they were polishing a tasty knuckle bone. ? # * There is an eating honse in one of the big towns of Tasmania, run ob such strictly respectable and up to-date lines, that any one trans gressing in the slightest manner from the printed regulations will find that he will have to cope with a disciplinarian, built on the toughest lines imaginable. Boarders and country visitors are notified that ' the doors will be closed punctually at LI. 30 p.m., any one coming after that time will not be admitted,' but ' visitors or boarders coming in late will please go to bed qniefclf asd not disturb others,' ' Country visitors are requested not to sleep in their boots,' and *' the bathroom is down stairs, admission Is.' There is another intimation to the effect that if a man wants to strike matches he must do so on a section of his pants and ' not on the wall paper.' During Show week, when the town was fnll of visitors, it was not an uncommon thing to witness some sbarpshoot ing going on between the proprie tor, with bis head out of a top story window, and a late boarder fcryiDg to kick the front of the bi'ulding into the next block. After a series of battering ram ex ercises on the front door, the late arrival would be warned that if he did not ' clear out he would get a hoist with a porpoise hide No. 9. ' But I'm stopping here !' *-i»b in Wiabiy the cry of the shivering pilgrim. ' Welt you can stop there nntil the cows come home- ; you know the rules of the eaiablioh ment, the doors will bo opened at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning — now quit,.' And the transgressor had to quit, end if he knew his way about, he'd go and join the nap school at the policemen's guard room. 