DAY OF EEST. A BISHOP TO HIS CLERGY. CHARGE or THE BISHOP OF MANCHESTER (Dll. MOORHOUSE). Attention has been called in high poli tical quarters to a startling discrepancy between the promises of some of the clergy and their practice. They all promise, it has been pointed out, that in public prayer and administration of the Sacraments they will use the form prescribed in the llook of Common Prayer, and no other, except so far as shall be ordered by lawful authority. The promise, however, not withstanding, some of theni, it is alleged, waiting for no such authorization, use in public prayers not contained in the book prescribed. How far this complaint is in debted to political inspiration it is not for me to say. One thing, however, is certain -—it is not without foundation in fact. Fur „ therniore, the feeling of anger and dis trust which has thus found expression is by 110 means ■ confined to politicians and fanatics. If it were so, there would be the less occasion for anxiety. There can be little doubt, however, that it is shared bv a large number of quiet and faithful Churchmen, who are beginning to fear that, , under the pretext of enriching our forms of ; devotion, a small number of the clergy are deliberately introducing prayers and prac tices which are out of harmony with the spirit and teaching of the English Church. Distrust is widespread. Anger is utter ing itself in those deep, stern tones which only real grievances can elicit. And it was for this reason, and not merely because of the snrieks and violence of a few narrow minded fanatics, that I felt 1 must take counsel on this matter with those wlio are my natural advisers—the members of the lai-per chapter and the rural deans of the Diocese. On their advice I have already acted, and have called upon the clergy to submit to me for my examination, and if necessary for my correction, all "addi tional"' forms of devotion which) arc used in public prayer. And now, lest this action «i mine should be misunderstood, let me say at once, that it did not arise 011 rav part from distrust of the great oody of the clergy. No Bishop knows the clergy of ">,s Diocese better than I know mine. In to those ordinary occasions of per sonal i.nlei course which are furnish *d by oon'ii mations, special services, and die like, very soon, when my present visitation is finished, 1 shall have twice visited each c-f lhem in his own parish. And, with this thorough knowledge of the clergy, J ran honestly say that, with the excepts;i of a very few, who are lees earnest and diligent than Ihev shou'd be, there are none of them who are not endeavouring to do their duty to ihe best of their ability as loyal ministers of the National Church. I love my clergy. J love them for their goodness, their faithful labours, and their strenuous efforts to extend the kingdom of our dear Redeemer, Those who charge them with idleness or disloyalty are not telling the truth. They should .be ashamed of their ignorance and injustice. But, my clerical brethren, Caesar's wife should be above suspicion- And since some of us—and those not the least excellent and devoted— have suffered themselves to be hurried by a laudable desire to supply spiritual needs into forgetfulness of a solemn obligation, it was necessary that I should-call for the re turns which I have received. Further, my reverend brethren,"* having said of you what- truth required me to say, let me now remind you that the anxiety of the faithful laity at this time was but just and natural. livery popular movement has its dangers, es pecially when such movement affects the doctrines and devotions of the Church. No truth lias been more frequently set forth by those who are called High Churchmen than this—that what the Church prays she teaches. The "lex orandi" is the "lex r-redendi." That is unquestionably true. If, for instance, in her prayers the Church seeks the intercession of the Holy Virgin, in that very act she declares her belief in the_ value of that intercession. If, therefore, individual clergy claim the right to intro duce into the Churches public prayers sup- ' plications which are set forth on their own authority alone, they are virtually claiming, I whether they be conscious of it or not, to i add to _that authoritative teaching which is contained in the Church's Articles and , formularies. This, you will see at once, is a claim wliicli the Church cannot, and. dare not, allow. For under its shield it would be clearly possible for individuals to popu-1 lame, not in their own name, but in the Church a name, doctrines which she has openly disallowed. I am aware that the evil has been greatly exaggerated; that statements have been made as to the un faithfulness of the English clergy which are ridiculously jintrue; and that aVthe present «IneTaJ-ook 18 circulated entitled An Indictment of the Bishops," which no reasonable man can read without a wmiia fetill, it is an undoubted fact that in some Dioceses form of prayer and Divine worship have been brought into use which are wholly alien both in spirit and letter to the authorised services of the Church of Eng land. Ihe excesses of,some have thus thrown a certain amount of suspicion upon jhe additions of aO, and therefore X think v and ercn necessary, that I ghould make the request which all the clergy 0£ jkjg Djooese have received from ieiter clergy, I pointed snr*.' <■ change tn the prescribed Sen icesi pf the Church of England, whether i 82 by way of interpolation or addition, is torbidden by the prohibition of varying uses. But that (2)- additional services are authorised on Sundays and holy days by the Uniformity Act Amendment Act, if they be approved by the Bishop and form part of Holy Scriptures or the Book of Common Prayer. The words of the Act which pre scribe these conditions are as follow:—"So | that there be not introduced . . . any thing except anthems and hymns which does not form part of the Holy Scriptures or Book of Common Prayer, and so that such form of service and the mode in which it is used is for the time being approved by the ordinary." On these words I would observe, first, that the approval of such ad- j ditioual services by the ordinary is only "for the time being." It would seem, therefore, that when the ordinary sees I reason for doing so, he may withdraw the ] approval which he has given; but clearly until he does so it will be convenient to assume that his approval continues. But what shall we say is the meaning of the words "form part of the Holy Scriptures or Book of Common Prayer?" There has | been, as you know, much discussion as to the meaning of these words, and there is j likely to he more. Do they necessarily mean, j then, let us ask, that no words are to he ! used in additional prayers but such as are i taken from the two books mentioned? Must we construe them literally, or may we , have regard to their clear intention, that ' 110 prayers shall be used but such as are in accordance with the teaching of the Bible and Prayer Book? Construed ; literally, they clearly afford no pro- j tcction whatever against the introduction . of questionable doctrine. He must be a very dull man indeed Who could not say almost anything he wiklied to say in a mo saic of texts and passages. Let us take a very extreme ease by way of illustration. Suppose that some one were cynical or de mented enough to propose the following prayer:—"Grant that we may embrace ana ever hold fast the blessed hope that there is 110 God." Of cowse the Bishop wo aid nt once disallow so blasphemous a parody. But why? Not because it contained words not to be found in the Bible or tihe Book of Common Prayer, but because it was not in accordance with their teaching. You can have no security against false teaching but through the veto of the Bishop; and when the words expressing the false teach ing are taken from the Bible and the Book ; of Common Prayer he can assign no reason j for his veto but this—tliat the wands takeu | from those books convey a teaching not to ! be found in them. That must always be : the final test; and why, then, may it not i he, as the Archbishop of Canterbury holds, i the primary test? It is highly expedient, at any rate, that it should bo so. For why should we tempt enthusiastic men to put i a strain upon the words of the Prayer Book | and Holy Writ to make them affirm what it 1 is desired that they should affirm? We are all of us too much inclined to do'that. Our ; effort should surely be rather to bring our thoughts into harmony with the books than to force the books into harmony with oar thoughts. Seeing, then, that anything which tempi s us to do the latter will exercise an ' evil influence 011 our thinking, it is, to say the least, highly inexpedient that we should interpret the- words in question rather in accordance with their letter than with their spirit. And,, for my own part, I must) say that I have little fear of the small varia tions in episcopal decisions which may re- : suit from adopting what I may call the larger interpretation. The Bishops hold very responsible positions. They confer from time to time upon their common action. They feel very deeply how essential it is tc | follow the mind of the Church in their de- : liberations. And thus 1 think that the ; danger is extremely small that any of them will forget; in their decisions. the analogy of j faith. Holding such views I have not hesi- J tated to follow the advice given me by the I rural deans and the greater chapter of the ! Diocese. I have askea all the clergy to send : me copies of any additional forms of prayer ' which they may have adopted or may desire to adopt. In repjy to this request many of the clergy have assured me that they have never used any forms'of devotion in public iirayer but those_set forth in the Prayer look. But from 17.) of the clergy 1 have re ceived 474 forms of prayer. Of these I have been able to approve of 389 without the change of a word. In 61 others I have been obliged bo make slight alterations. I have not dealt with 11 forms of prayer because they were not for public use; and there were only 13 of which 1 could not approve It may, perhaps, contribute to produce satis faction with my decisions if I explain shortly the principles upon which in general my conclusions were reached. The prayers which I felt compelled to alter were mainly of two classes—tnosa which implied the veneration or blessing of external objects, 011 those which were for the faithful departed I believe that the veneration of sacred objects will, sooner or later, lead to the superstitious belief that some kind of magical virtue resides in those objects, just J as happened in Israel in the ease of the brazen serpent. Prayers, therefore, which imply such veneration are, I believe, fraught with danger to thoBC who offer thmn- Further, I believe that they are out or harmony with our Saviour's teaching upon the place of things outward and inani mate. The Jews of our Lord's time had created a vast oral tradition founded upon the imaginary religious efficacy of outward purifications and abstinence from meats. In reference to the former of these Our Lord remarked: — "Well did Isaiah pro phesy of you hypocrites, this people hono reth Me with their lipsp but their hearts is far from Me." Touching the latter, He! said, "Whatever from -without goeth into the man, it cannot defile him, because it goeth not into his heart, but into his belly, and goeth out into the draught. Thus, He said (the Evangelist adds), making all meats clean.'' Is not such teaching plainly equivalent to the general precept, "Serve God with your heart rather than with your hands. Purify your thoughts, and then all meats will be clean to you?" When, again, the Samaritan woman asked a question as to the relative importance of places, Our Lord answered, in effect, places are nothing; in the coming time Jerusalem shall be as this mountain. "God is a spirit, and they that worship llim must worship Him in spirit and in truth." Once more, when the Jews imagined that He had promised to give them His material flesh to eat, Our Ijord answered, "The flesh pro lilelh nothing; the words that I have spoken to you are spirit and are life." In view of such teaching as tliis, how puerile must all prayers appear which assume the veneration or outward objects, or the hal lowing of cuds, badges, and such like things? "The Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost." Our greatest theo logians have seen the danger of eucli prac tices, and have not failed to guard against lliern where they are most likely to have their beginning—in a belief of the inherent spiritual efficacy of the outward elements in Holy Communion. Speaking of the opinion of Thomas Aquinas that the Sacra ments of the Church "are endued at the time of their administration with superna tural force and ability to induce grace into the souls of men." Hooker observes—"His conceit Scotus, Occam, Petrus Alliacensis, and sundry others do most earnestly and strongly impugn, showing very good reason wherefore no instrument of the new law can, either by virtue which (itself liath, or by force supernaturaily given to it, be properly a cause to work grace, but sacra ments are therefore said to work grace, because the will of Almighty God is, although not to give them such efficacy, yet Himself to be pre sent in the ministry of the working that effect, which proceedeth wholly from Him, witiiout any real operation of theirs, such as can enter into men's souls." Again he says:—"If anything displeases them (i.e., Roman controversialists), it is because we add to these premises another assertion, that with the outward sign God joinetli His Holy Spirit, and so the whole instrument of God bringcth that to pass whereun s the baser and meaner part could not extend." And yet again he adds:—"God and man do here meet in one action upon a third, in whom, as it is the work of God to create grace, so it is llis work by the hand of the minister, to apply a sign which should be token it, and hip work to annex that spirit which shall effect it." Our great Elizabethan divine expounds to us in these words the theological principles upon which the revision of our Prayer Book pro ceeded. For when we turn to those re visions we find tliat they are such as tliese principles would dictate. Thus, in the lirst Prayer Book of Edward VI. we nd in the prayer of consecration the following peti tion:—"Vouchsafe. to bless and sanctify these Thy gifts and creatures of bread and wine that they may be to us the body and blood of Thy most dearly beloved' Son Jesus Christ." But in all the subsequent re visions of the Book of Common Prayer this invocation of the Divine blessing on the outs ward elements .is omitted, and the prayer is substituted, "that we, receiving these Thy creatines of bread and wine ... may be partakers of His most blessed Body and blood." In close agreement with this alteration was the subsequent eucharistic teaching, and at the last revision of the Ghmch Cattchism. For there we are taught to say that the Body and Blood of Christ are "the inward and spiritual grace" of the sacrament, and clearly grace is not a thinf to be "venerated," but to be received and improved. A similar purpose may, 1 think, be discerned in another and smaller, but still significant, alteration in the praye# after-reception. In the first Book of King Edward -it ran thus:—"We most heartily thank Thee for that Thou hast vouchsafed to feed us in these holy mysteries." In all the revisions, however, it is changed into the following:—"Who hast vouchsafed to feed us who liave duly received these holy mysteries," where clearly the emphasis is made lu rest not on the outward elements but on the spiritual state of the recipient The significance of these puqioseful changes is in no wise obscured by the retention of a supplication- in another service that God may sanctify a material element to a spiritual function. This, as Hooker shows in no vise implies a request that God would locate spiritual virtue in the element, but only that he would accompany its use with the gift of His grace. Besides, it is to be remarked that purpose is far more clearly a deliben indicated by a deliberate change of express sion than by merely leaving a phrase un altered. On tLe whole, then, there can be but little doubt, I think, that in the mind of the Church, of England about prayers for the veneration or hallowing of outward thiugs, however sacred. They should in all cases be changed into prayers for the spiritual receptiveness of those who use sueli things. The other class of prayers in which I nave found it necessary to make alterations is that which has respect to the faithful departed. And here at once I may say tliat but for two considerations, that abuses have been occasioned by such prayers, and that we are not taught by Holy Scripture to offer them, I should not feel obliged, as an individual Christian, to say that they were necessarily objection able. The Church of Christ consists of two great companies—those on earth and those beyond the veil—ihe Church militant and • lie Church triumphant. Each member of this great body is virtually united in the Divine Head by a living fatn, and all there fore are parrs of the same great spiritual organism. This truth has been nowhere more beautifully expressed than in (. harlea Wesley's noble hymn: — One family we dwell in Him, One Church, above, beneath, Though now divided by tile stream, The narrow stream of death. One army of the living- Cod, To His command we how; Part of the host have crossed Hie flood, And part are crossing now. litis in the fullest sense is the Catholic Church, the Church universal, aiid it con sists of every soul, on either side of the veil, which is bound up in the bundle of t!hvict*« 1 i f o W-liat. move 1 t,hpn. Christ's life, Wlia.t more natural, then, than to feel that every member of this great body may ask for every other at the hands of the common Father such increase of light, peace, and holiness, as he needs? But ive are met at once by the objection, which must needs impose upon us all cau tion in the indulgence of this natural feel ing, that, with the single exception of e precarious inference in the case of Onesi phorus, no single expression in the New Testament can be held to authorize such prayers. Tliis might perhaps be of the less consequence in the case of an individual who might still pray for his departed friends, as good Bishop Heber did, with a "nevertheless, not as I will, but as Thou wilt." But, then, remember that what the Ohurch prays she teaches; and how can .she i venture to teach that prayer for the dead is according to Cod's will without the ex press authority of Holy Scripture? Fur-J therniore, the history of the Church o-f ; Christ has supplied us with at least one , cogent reason for observing the reticence 1 . of God's Word in this matter Prayers for : the dead lhave led to the belief that the Church militant can powerfully affect the condition o-f those members of Christ who have passed into the intermediate state; while, again, the latter belief has formed the occasion of those hoirible sales of par dons which the liistoiy of the Church of Mexico have slio-wn to he still possib.e. tan it, then, be right for the Church of England to teach its members, through its public prayers, that a practice is lawful and accor ding to God's will which is nowhere autho rized in Holy Scripture, and which lias been and still is the occasion of such ter rible abuses? 'Hie Church by its own ac tion has derisively answered this question in the negative In the first Prayer Book of Edward VI. tiiere were several. references to departed saints. In the prayer of conse cration at Holy Communion there was the following petition:—"We commend unto Tliy mercy, oh Lord, all other Thy servants which are departed hence from us with the sign of faith and now do rest in the sleep . of peace. Grant unto theni, we beseeefi ' Thee, Thy mercy and everlasting peace, and , that at the day of the general resurrection we ' and all they which be of the mystical Jiody of Thy Son may all together be set 011 His right hand," &c.; In the burial sen-ice, again, of this version there are several such petitions, but it may be sufficient to "cite a portion of the longest of them: — "Grant unto this Thy sen-ant that the sins which lie committed in this wr,iid be net im puted to liini, but that he, escaping the gates of hell and pains of eternal darkness may ever dwell in the regions of light with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob," &c.; From the second Prayer Book of King jiidward VI.. and from each succeeding revision, all these petitions were omitted. And thus the Church of lingland distinctly proclaimed it as her judgment -that prayers for the dead should lorin no part ot her public services The manner in which she dealt with the reference to the departed at the revision of it,02, is specially instructive. In the second Prayer Book of King Edward VI., and in that of Queen Elizabeth, there was no refe rence whatever to the faithful dead. But in 16G2, when the revisers had been fur nished with the instructive notes of Bishop Overall and Bishop Cosin, they inserted a reference to the departed, not, as in the first book of Edward, in the prayer of con secration, where it might seem to refer to some benefit derived, from a sacrifice, but in the prayer for the whole estate of Christ's Church militant here on earth, ; where it clearly looked only to the oneness of the whole mystical body The words, as you know, are these:—:—"We also bless Thy holy name for all Thy servants depart ed. this life in Thy faith and fear, beseech ing Thee to give us grace so as to follow their good example, that with them we may be partakers of Thy heavenly king dom." This is not directly a petition for the faithful departed, and yet, to the great contentment of our brotherly feeling, it does unite them with ■ us in our petition that we may be partakers with them of j Christ's -heavenly kingdom. This suffrage J ( marks and affirms the great and comfort able truth that all the faithful, on earth below and in heaven above, are one body - ill Christ Jesus. This unmistakable impres sion of our Church's mind has governed . my action in reference to tho-se prayers for 1 the faithful departed which liave been sub mittod to me. I have in all eases substi- ' tuted .for it a form like that of our own ' Prayer Book:—"Grant tliat we, with all | Thy faithful people, may be partakers of _ Thy heavenly kingdom," or a form equiva lent to this. I hava.endeavoured to explain to you the principles upon wliich my recent revision of certain forms of prayer has pro ceeded. But, my brethren, I cannot with- , hold the expression of my regret that any , such revision should have been needed. As ■ I laboured carefully through the mass of < forms i)i"esented to me, and discovered cer tain petitions in some of them, I could not help thinking of tlie words of the author of the Epistle to tlife Hebrews: "When by reason of the time ye ought to be teachers ye have need again that some one teach you the rudiments of the first principles of the oracles of God." Such lessons as I have been trying to enforce to-day were learned lona ago by our pious forefathers. To have to learn them again is indeed a going back ..to the rudiments—to what St. Paul might evert have called "the weak and beggarly rudiments." Oh! my brethren, the day in which we live needs something stronger and more masculine than this. It needs what the sacred writer calls "solid food for full grown men." "Wherefore let us cease to speak of the first principles of Christ, and press on to perfection." The age is asking of lis better service than this.- We live at a time when Christian men are confronted by some of the gravest problems which have ever exercised human thought; when science and philosophy, conscious of their own limitations, and longing to escape from the barren wastes of unbelief, are asking us to help them to a real faith in God. Define for us, they are asking, in the deep, grave tones which betoken real earnest ness, the new point of view from which Holy Scripture is to be regarded in view of the inc-ontestible results of modern criti cism; show us what are tiie true relations between reason and revelation, betwen thought and faith, between belief and life; show us, above all, what is the hearing of your Divine Master's life and teaching upon the great religious, intellectual and social nroblems of to-day. The faith which we liad has been shattered, and we want a faith as strong and undoubting as that once was; a faith which shall lay hold on nil the'syuings of life, which shall reign equally over heart and intellect; which shah utter itself in a noble and rejoicing activity. If the Church can help us to litis, we will acknowledge her as our greatest benefactor, we will love and serve lier, we will guard and defend her, for her own sake and for her Divine Master's sake. Such, I am sure, is the secret feeling of thousands of the best and most thoughtful of our countrymen to-day. Does it not, then, pre scribe to lis our real task, our highest voca tion? God grant that at such a time we may not waste our energy and dissipate our influence m trivial and unnecessary dis putes, but that, discerning our true work and seizing upon our God-given opportu nity, we may strive to set forth in our teaching, our character, a|id our life the claims of our dear Lord and Master. Theu may there arise in this wonderful, toiling, expanding:, aspiring realm of ours a faith stronger and purer than ever the past has known, a faith which, relieved of all the sore burdens of dogmatic incredibility which have hitherto oppressed it, may he come. again, by the blessing of God, "the light of all ouv seeing." 