I ANGLICAN SYNOD. ! J THE BISHOP'S ADDRESS. Dr Montgomery, Bishop of Tasmania, delivered his annual address to members of the Anglican Synod at the Cathedral yesterday afternoon There were about 40 clergymen present, and also a number today members of the Synod, in addition to a large congregation A processional hymn was sung as the choir and a number of the clergy men entered the side door of the Cathedral This was followed by a prayer, after which the address was delivered Members of the Synod will meet this afternoon, but the meeting of the elect ') convened for this morning to deal with matters of finance has been postponed until to-morrow morning. at 11 o'clock, and will be held in the crypt of the Cathedral Bishop Montgomery's address read as follows - MY Iii visit Mr Bui- nun N AN» BUL i still -y of im LAITY, We have made a venture this year in asking all members of Synod to meet in Hobarton outside) We have believed that it is good for the clergy and consequently. It is good for their people, to forsake their parishes for one Sunday in the year to live together in Hobart t It checks for one Sunday that constant buoy which is too common in our p wishes, it refreshes the soul to hear another voice in a Church besides one s own n , and it gives time for quiet devotion and consultation on debated questions If the clergy return encouraged and refreshed, it will have been well worth even closing a few churches for a Sunday We meet then as men v ho have all without exception I city as well as clergy partaken of our Sister Communion and thus have proved ourselves worthy, so far, to legislate for the Church in its own punishment I ii you commence your labours let me put you in possession of certain facts in our Diocesan life and then lead you to ponder larger questions in which have the greatest possible importance for us He) can 1898 has been a heavy strain on the Bishop of this Diocese This was a turn It was necessary to recover lost ground after absence in England in 1897 IOUIIIC)IIIKH were even more incessant than usual the West Coast needed attention I went twice to it and the Archdeacons of Hobart spent a mouth then Our allans prosper in that quarter, and though the Rev F G Copeland leaves Zeehan for a well earned holiday, his place has been worthily filled by the Rev P' N Hunter for a year Queenstown, too is to be a parish. the Hist per ton being one who has denied himself much to establish our position in one of our most important centres then also Islands had to be visited King Island, the lighthouses tin Furneaux Islands all in one ) cm But it has also been a year of many changes No less than 13 parishes have had' no continuations in most in stances because a change of incumbency made it impossible to prepare candidates Yet even If I had confit and in all four parishes ascertains that the candidates would not have been doubled in a companion with 1890 Experience proves that if you miss a year you lose mind) you do not get them twelve months after winds With this required knowledge you will not be KUI prised that 1 earnestly) press the yearly confirmation in your parishes however, few the candidates We thank God for steady work and conspicuous success in the Cathedral Parish under our Dean We feel for him when we remember his burdens, having even been left to cope with all his duties single hut dead for awhile We welcome back Canon TurN We wish the Rev W H Root good success as Rector and Rev of Dean of Scottsdale, having caused the true row aid of good work done at Out lands by having a double burden placed upon him We deplore deeply the sudden death li of the Rev A Dallas when it seemed likely that he would make a distinct mark upon Richmond by his earnestness and ability) We note that the Rev I W H L Oster and his noble wife have at h right retired to well earned rest after leaving behind them a good name and a racing meet of the generous liberality in the beautiful church, at St. Mary's Longford has a new Rector and Dcloiaitie expects a young clergyman from England already beloved here and one who brings with him quite a large contingent to str engt hen the Diocese The Rev h T Howell holds the fort temporarily at Deloraine and nothing must induce us to lose IHM services afterwards I look to you to help me to to find for him the light sphere for his excellent tah nts The North WestCoistisdoingexcellcntlv well Burnie rijolcesover Its Rector, and the Rev. S H Hughes who so gallantly went to Brighton has had too heavy a burden altogether with the care of Richmond on his hands "You must extend our sympathy to him and wish him better days The Rev C Vaughan is in the Cn inner, the Rev E C Spink at George low in the Rev. E G Barry aids the Archdeacon of Launceston and the Rev J I Brydges fills his place at Swansea whilst the Rev. Thomas Pitt has been ordained deacon to minister to a flock who have known him for years and rejoice to see him in Holy Orders West him, too has by a change of plan (to be submitted to you for ratification) become a contented and united place If I have done them wrong I ask their pardon I trust they are now content till they can once more regain their full rights to all my beloved clergy who have not changed then parish s, but have continued their labors steadily, to all our lay a cadet sound councils and committees, without whom we could not carry on our work we give our hunt) thanks and wish them well in the Lord Saint alia I am surprised and gratified that the returns of ii oil show so bille signs of the many changes of the dug) Indeed, there has been a slight increase under several he ida the list of new churches is not long lust and foremost we mention the spirited attempt on the part of the Archdeacons of I Launceston to build a i call) noble church in his parish It will be a grand building when complete I I note with satisfaction that they w ill not go into debt St Luke s. Longley, Has been rebuilt after the fire Holy Trinity Church at St Mary has been con- Secrated free of debt St Mar this Queens town has been built A mission church in New Norfolk parish has been elected and another at lot ear another in Burnie parish, and of course Forth and Leven add yet another church to their long list this time at Riana, whilst they enlarged the church at Abbotsham he also the church at (Jaidiuet's Ba> has been en- larged La id has been bought at Kelly's Basin, and a building projected, also a new site for St Luke s at Zeehan. There are two new parsonages, at Devonport and Sheffield and a field has been added to the parsonage at Beaconsfield. The churches and buildings used regularly for worship number 252, this gives about four to every clergyman upon our list, though some are doing no active work I have discovered til it this is the average also for all Australia, as you will heal presently. We have ö.üOOcommunicants-a very poor number. Over 10,000 Sunday services were held last vein, and 3AR) on week days, with J (K11) ii celebrations of Holy Communion , baptisms 1,009, a decrease of 22 confli ma- tions 8.11, with ISpiuishesleftout Sunday school children 8,274. The amount son of United towards the evangelisation of the world is under £500 Twelve parishes or districts have apparently contribu ted nothing, though I would fain believe there is some mistake here. Let me assure any who know that they have not given to this paramount cause however, little, but that little with hearty prayer and goodwill) that they could fashion no better umbrella to fend off from them selves God's choicest blessings than to persist In this neglect. Those who wish for the unfailing supply at home must follow the widow of Sarepta In giving first to the Lord's greatest call. No parish can claim to be poorer than that widow woman was. Study of Theology beg to announce to the clergy and laity of the Diocese that the Cathedral Library 15 How well catalogued and easy of access. Now books are being constantly added, and it would gratify me immensely to see it well used by clergy and laity alike. A yearly sum of 50 opens its doors to you, and you may take volumes home and I think they are exchanged for you post free afterwards. To Mr. Howell we owe our hearty thanks for the labour he has bestowed upon the catalogue. The library leads me to the Australian College of Theology. A report of the first year's work is published, and the examination papers are given, so that anyone can judge of the required standards. These rise gradually, affording room for any earnest st event, of theology. I earnestly hope some of our clergy at least Till 'enter this year. The College of Tlieologydends our thoughts to the supply of clergy in the future. This is a grave and anxious subject, and I beg to remind you here that I have made a declaration of our policy already, and am anxious to welcome any who feel a vocation and can qualify themselves. Still in the distance (but not, I hope, in the far distance is the hope that Christ's College may become a college attached to the University, with provision for a theological side to enable us to give fully the Instruction we desire to impart to candidates for Holy Orders. Finance. It is my duty to bring it home to all Churchpeople how much we have suffered of late years from the shrinking of interest on uninvested capital. It is not our fault, but the result of natural causes. Our yearly income from this source is £070 less than it, was seven years ago, and the burden falls almost entirely upon the country parishes and mission districts. When this is known I mu confident we shall receive the support of our people. So firmly do we believe this that we are taking the bold course of reducing no grants this time, although the Interest will be some 300 less than last year. We hav e proposed a spirited method of collection, and ask you to support us. The principle of our action is sound, namely, to collect MStemalically from everyone to ask for shillings and half crowns from those who can give no mole, and to educate our children to give their own pence systematically as a gift to God's Church. Some 1,000 are doing so already for the General Fund, and the number is to be raised to 2,000 shortly. Surely, the fruits of such teaching will be great in the future. And now I desire to lay before the Diocese our proposed course of action for two successive years. This year all our energies are to be devoted to the establishment of our own Diocesan finances and to the appointment of two mere clergy men, if possible, in centres where our people are entreating us to give them more ministrations-at Wynyard and on the Scottsdale line. In both these places they have shown their earnestness hyoflerlngtoprov side from ü701io£801ocally. Next year, the last year of this century, we are called upon to join in a very momentous enterprise with far wider re suits Our General Synod has been fixed for 1000 in place of its actual date in 1001, in order that we may have a solemn con vocation in which to humble ourselves before God for our negligence and igno unless in the past, and agreeing together to aim high, may be enabled to work more faithfully and unitedly in the 20th century. Our session of General Synod next join is to be preceded by a nine-day meeting to survey, the whole field of our duties throughout the world You have heard of persons at home who have been called Lit the Englanders" because they cannot rise to the height of our Impel nil destiny. But there is a worse nick name than Unit. It is far worse to be dubbed "Little Him church," for there are those who have never yet i sent to the belief that Christ is the Universal King of this world, as of all worlds that He belongs to no one race because He claims all races that He has no special love for one race above another, because He loves all classes There are persons who tacitly believe that Christ died and rose again only for the Anglo Saxon race or who bound theil Christ lau lion on by their parish 01 Diocese These are the ' Little Churchmen,' who have not risen yet to the splendid claim of the Catholic Church, as inclusive of the world of humanity, as holding that every soul is naturally Christian, and only awaits the advent of the Saviour's message lightly delivered It is needless to add that the future of the world lies with those who claim the world for Christ The greatest temporal as well as spiritual empire of the 20th century will be that which is most completely founded on Chi visits Will Believing tins with all our hearts, I call upon this Synod to pledge his Diocese to do its full shire in looking far and wide for out Christian duties, thinking Christ s thoughts Let us combine with all our brethren in Australia in easting our bread upon the waters next year as our last cor points act, showing the faith and hope thutsiistauis us, and boldly expecting to find the blessing at home which is always accorded to those who obey Christ's call to duty everywhere "Little Eng leaders have at FeiiHt this excuse, that they may form the waning of our empire's force But is there a Churchman in this Diocese who feats he may exhaust the power of the Holy Ghost, or dreads that, Christ will break his promise? From all such misgiving-, may the good Lord de liver His people, lest the) love their crown, and He remove them candlestick from the Temple of His Presence I will throw down a challenge I offer you a test Who will be most e aged next j cal among all our clergy and people to rise to the full conception of the privileges and aspirations of the Church of God everywhere? It will be just those very persons who neglect no sacred duties at home, but will spend their strength to the utmost bound of then powers this year in establishing the Church in our homes. Devotion to our Blessed Muster, deep gratitude to II pm for all His mercies, compels His people to leave no wish of His unfulfilled anywhere. The time is short we have much to accomplish in two years. Religious Education The Rev..!. B. W. Woollnough has, for 15 years, given and emitting attention to our written examination and it is to his cm of no reports that I att Unite the growth of this work among our children, till it takes in volume, as well as in efficiency), at high place among the Dioceses. Remember, it is not only the children who have been stimulated it is the clergy and teachers also And yet the number of parishes in which take up the examination has not increased as I should li ive, vv wished They do not number more than out of 50 The time has now searchers failed organisation. Mr Woolf Hough finds the strain too great by him self, and advocates a division of labour, as well as a scheme of our examinations by our Rural Deans, both in Sunday schools and State schools I welcome the enlarged scheme if it is feasible. I once attempted to examine children in til out parishes, but my strength li was not equal to it I desire, also, to urge upon the clergy and their helpers the fullest possible use of the oppor tun i ties per mitted us in our State schools It is the great boon which reconciles us to our national System of education. Holding the view we do of the necessity for a religious basis for all true education we must neglect no occasion that is open to us. I note that last year in seven parishes no such instruction was given. I think that in all of those parishes regular teaching ought to have been given. I count it among the most important of our duties, and I trust you w iii continue to keep an accurate record of your work. In some places, and for special reasons, we have our Church day) schools, and the) deserve our v% warmest support, on condition that the education given is really sound and thorough We must also, as far as we possibly can, encourage by our sympathy and influence every State school 'teacher in the colony, to make them feel how high is out appre tuition of their office Visit the schools whenever you can in distant places there are few who enter them except your selves and the work is lonely Let us do all we can consistently with the rules of the Depart intent, to cause the tone of the cb ii dren, and to be the friend of the teacher. ' Some of you doubtless sigh for the system of wholly denominational schools common in Ireland I have my doubts whether the very best interests of Ireland have gained under a system which edu cutts children in separate blocks divided by religious differences, whether some " greater gain, some more complete national unity is not lost. It is worth while asking you to consider whether a system of education where children of all denomina- tions are educated together in common subjects has not a great ultimate advan- ' tugs in the growth of unity, if at the ' same time our deepest convictions are respected. Where such a system admits ' those into the schools who believe that education must be founded on religion. not only can we support it, but we shall ' bow was so to act that children may not come to believe that you can divide life into water-tight compartments, labelling one religious and the other secular. Let us, while we conform loyally to the rules of the Department, utilise every oppor- tunlty to reach our own children, and to give the hearty support and friendship of educated men to teachers who will be quick to welcome our action. Is it not also likely that' 'by so acting we shall impress our own views on the paramount question of religion in education upon a urge " number who would otherwise remain unaffected I Religion is admitted into the State-schools. Let us use our privilege to the full. Coming back to the welfare of the children of the Church, wherever we can deal with them will you remember the warning of our Diocesan Inspector ? Surveying the whole Diocese broadly be has said,. They don't know their Catechism." Resided that warning, I quote the words of one of our great archbishops: " A'theory of divine life is essential to human life. We have a true theory, the Faith, resting on a true history, the Gospel. And, to put the Church's view concretely, we say that a child who knows the Church Catechism,' whether in its own form or in some other form, is, so far as it goes an educated child, and that one who knows it in no shape at all may be an admirably informed child, but not an educated one. To be able to draw out his duty to God and to man from his own undeniable position in Christendom to know and love the self-sacrifice of God made for him to know what objects in the world it is desirable to live and to prayer, and what great help God has provided in this earth for his own individual weakness, this is to be a child indeed, and to have the makings of a man." Stenson.) I earnestly trust that in 1900 our Inspector will say, " The children now know their Catechism." The. Church at Home It is long since so much attention has been made to the Church in England by friends audioes us at this time. I proceed to give you my own general opinion on her fortunes at the present moment. And first I recall to your memories a few general facts which, in the stress of upiessingcontiovoisy, are apt to be forgotten. The Church of England is unique in her position. She stands alone in her attempt to combine every possible excellence from divergent quarters. One who was the keenest of observers and noblest of chut china says that the Church of the Reformation ventured on a " tremendous under taking "-the phrase is not too strong for what we did then, and are continuing to do with lucre ising success. It was nothing less than " to make the Church theologically, politically, socially, different, while keeping 'it, historically and essentially the same. Its avowed purpose was " to take the actual historical Church of Augustine and Ethel bert, of Becket and Wolsey, of William and Pole, the existing historical represen tall ve and descendant of that Supernatural Society, which is traceable through all the ages to apostolic days, to assert its rights, to purge away its evils, to release it from usurpation, and to purge away the evils which this usurpation had created and fostered." (Dean Church ) in order to do this it maintained the Episcopate and the Order and, it put the English Bible into the hands of the people, and the English Book of Common Prayer But you will see what this meant It was a thoroughly English attempt, and was attacked as li id logic by two sets of foes who both wild from opposite quarters that we attempted to embrace incompatible and inconsistent advantages antiquity and novelty, con Hol and freedom, ecclesiastical and civil authority, ' the staid order of a Church older than the nation and the vigour of modern Europe, to make room in the same system of teaching for the % venerable language of ancient fathers, and also for the new learning of famous modern author critics You cannot bear these facts in mind too carefully. They will help you to understand how we have always laid our selves open to attack from two sides Each is naturally angry that we claim all that is best in it. They exclaim that we cannot both the Catholic and Protestant, we emphatically affirm that we are permitting great individual freedom, yet unquestionably " maintaining the con annuity and identity of the existing Church w is the historical Church of the past ' I make no apology for stating these facts, although they may be perfectly familiar to most of you. It is important that they should be put before a larger audience than this that weathered iiilhcCathedial, and in the most authoritative manner. The statement is always met with protests from opposite quarters, but to that we are well accustomed 'loone we say, "Our Reformation was not a Revolution To the other we answer, We spell Revolution without the R " We claim for the Church of the English race " its full scale test and membership in the Church universal, from which Put stun and Roman alike would cut us off I trust that as you recall this ideal of ours your hearts swell With delight It is a wonderful a magnificent inheritance To claim all the best everywhere, to be ancient and also modem, to be free and yet under authority older far than the State-it passed the wit of man to desire a noble history. But, then, it requires study and knowledge of our history to appreciate the ust fulness of our position nor can you member s of Synod and respon- sible Church legislators do your Church a great i si i vice than to us go all our members to read our history, not such as is written by force, but by her best and most loyal scholars and thinkers, of which books we have an unfailing supply in our Diocesan Depot Weigh well also what one of our greatest Chi islands as well as one of our staunchest c Purchasers In this century has said-I mean Mr Gladstone-" The Church of England has been peculiarly) liable, on the one side and on the other, both to attack and to defection, and the probable cause is to be found in the degree in which it was attempted in the case to combine divergent elements within her borders " Ever adapting herself to catch I md retain within herself every true I element of life, she is liable from time to time he is) s to bitter and even savage contioverales within herself among those who by their constitution belong more definitely to one side or the other ; but it is equally true that it is the duty of those who are called to be Tenders to pray for a right judgment in all things, and to impress upon all the wonderful nature of her position, combining the past with the present, and compromising no truth. The result has been put thus by o re of our noblest theologians "The Restall has been not that the Church has declined lower and lower into indifference and negation, but that it has steadily mounted in successive steps to a higher level of purpose, to higher standard of life and thought, of faith, and work." Speaking again of the history of the Church since the Restoration settlement, he said, "No Church annuals are more full of hope " For an example of this, whither shall we turn? Let it he to a sister church, that in the United States. The following are the words of an American writer discoursing in a big volume on "American Christianity,' himself not a churchman It is an ill biassed opinion . ' No fact in the external! history of American Christians) at this period is more imposing than this growth of the Episcopal Church from nothing to a commanding 1st iture . . . It has been aggravated by a continual stream of accessions, both to its clergy) and to its 1 city. . . . The) hive included many such as no denomination could a II ord to lose, and such us any would be glad to receive ' I have taken an instance from America because now here has our progress met with greater difficulties. Banned by the mass of the people once as King George's hated church, refused Bishops for years, overwhelmed later on by masses of immigrants who did not belong to her told, she lives and grows in the manner indicated by this impartial witness I believe also she permits (among all the sister churches the most widely divergent ritual. I have said enough to recall to you the undoubted fact that the ancient English Church is to day the most liberal in the world. Here she really has no competitor. We have had, however, our bitter lessons to teach us not to cramp the spiritual energies of our most self-willed and assertive e rate, if it can be in any way avoided. Cast your eyes back to the last century. What forces for good did we not lose, and in more than one direction)? 'The Non Jurors with their deep devotion and delicate spirituality. The schism was not perpetuated but cask ourselves whether, if we had kept their spiritual force intact, we might not have kept John Wesley's movement too. Do you think the Church at Home, which numbers among her Bishops and her members at this time some of the most brilliant and learned historians of our century, is likely to for get such lessons? Taught by the past, they shrink from a single act which would alienate, by unfairness, or ungentle ness, or haste, one devoted member, who is spending his life and all he has upon the Church of his forefathers. Moreover, as judges, as well as chief pastors, they know that the Reformation was a long process of more than a century, with its fluctuations and uncertainties in the attempt to reject only what was certainly evil, and to keep only what was primitive and helpful. The result is that of late the desire to be liberal on the part of our English Bishops has possibly led , some to encroach upon the wide limits of permissible ritual and doctrine possibly in some few cases to substitute what is modern Roman for what is Catholic. Everyone knows that the result has been an outcry, not duly tempered with discretion, and an attack upon the faithful- ness of the Bishops. I venture to give you my own prophecy as to the future. It will be almost exactly a counterpart of what has happened with Her Majesty's Government. About a year ago nothing was too strong for the critics to say against the weakness, the supineness, the blindness of the Government. Our rulers in the State were unfaithful to the interests of England in all parts of the world, and so forth. Fortunately, the Government were not Induced by clamour to be rash. They went their own way, with the result that now all men speak well of them. Try and believe that it will be so in the Church. We have very able men to guide the Church. The Primate seems to have been specially raised up to meet the times ; so just and fearless is ne, and so free from suspicion as regards extreme ritual or dis- tinctively Roman doctrine. Indeed, no one can survey the past 10 years without seeing how we have been guided to strengthen our peculiar position as a Church. The Lambeth Judgment, the Archbishops' Encyclical on Anglican Orders, have composed the minds of thousands of devoted Churchmen, by asserting our adherence to that which is primitive and essential. The decision of practically the same theologians and Bishops now upon questions to be decided, after the fullest presentment of the matters in dispute, ' will come with overwhelming force upon the Ohm cb. ~ I ask you to await that judgment with perfect confidence that the Church will emerge stronger than ever. Remember what Mr. Gladstone has said, that the maxim is omnibus carries must apply with peculiar force to the members of the English Church, and that this charity should be ever accompanied by the two . handmaidens, reverence and patience. into the details of controverted questions at Home I shall not enter, except to tell you of a conversation I had now many years ago with one of our most moderate and most sagacious English Bishops. He said it was a great pity that years ago someone in whom all had complete confidence had not divided ritual points into two sections those which might possess a mischievous doctrinal meaning, and those which could not have any such evil significance. He proceeded to instance one such question, which, he said, roused the most tre- me dous feeling, and yet, to him, seemed to be entirely devoid of evil significance. He alluded to the burning of incense during divine service. So far as he knew, twos not primitive, though it is Jewish, and enters freely into the Apocalyptic vision. He thought it might be illegal in our Church, and yet it seemed to have no possible significance, except as a symbol of prayer rising up to God as an offering of sweet savour. I remember his adding, with a smile, that it would be most interesting if a body, such as the Plymouth Brethren,, who could hardly be accused of High Church views, would regularly adopt it. Had I ever myself been accused of belngallitnnlist,perhaps I should hardly have dared to tell you of this conversation. But bred as I have been, in a school of Continued on Next Page. Continued from Prenufina Pant r tual simple almost stern in character, I have told it to show you that one who has to be a judge as well as a pastor must cultivate detachment of mind seeing through the smoke of the immediate battle to what is right and lawful and certainly not making his own pictures lions the creator of his law. One last word on the whole question I beg you to remember that extreme men are to be found in more than one direction Their presence is inevitable in our wonderful development. Then occasional follies are the price we have to pay for our unique heritage You may live to see another de Lis in quite another direction, an impulse towards Nonconformist) strongly pressed ortoivardsa subtle biclnliinisin 01 a dis tones agnosticism led be able and devoted men possessing most valuable qualities If I know any thing of the temper of our leaders I prophesy that they will then act with gentleness, generosity and absence of haste to the verge of then power then at last they will act as they will now M Uli faithfulness If the crisis to da> were in the direction of agnosticism would the secular papers publish correspondence as savage and bitter as they have done during the last twelve months? I ask this question advisedly. I have had my eyes fixed at present on the Church at Home, with its own special difficulties And I must beg you to remember that none of the alleged evil practices complained of there exist here At Home, as a Bishop there has lately pointed out, " the laity have no assured voice in the management of the affairs of their Churches, in England alone the parish priests possess an independent authority greater than that of any public servant It follows that a greater gap is possible between clergy and laity there than here In our Dioceses since Synod is composed of Bishop, ( clergy, and laity, we must move together and keep together When difficulties arise, the law is open, and there are deputies Every parish has its opportunity The result is that we are a happy family and I desire to say, in the most public manner possible, that here there is no such thing as disloyalty among the clergy towards then Bishop We hem of unauthorised forms of service at Home in some Churches, there are none such have, nor any Illegal practices We mc a band of brothers, earnestly engaged in prosecuting our common work Perhaps it is even necessary that I should make this emphatic statement in order to disabuse some very simple people who read extracts in papers taken from books published in England, and imagine the clergy in our Dioceses are steeped in errors Do they realise that the authors of such books may hold no cases may be a healthy independent persons even if they are ordained whose views me their own only 1 But it may suit our foes to credit us with practices of which we know nothing, because they are unauthorised If anyone considers that I have protested too much, let him remember that I amjenlousforthe reputation of our faithful clergy I am then recognised head and chief end ei They give me the fullest and most loyal obedience and I trust that nothing will be printed in our proceedings which may even indirectly cast a slur upon their loyalty) When I need the assistance of Synod (if ever I do) to support myautho city, I shall promptly ask for it Our Real Danger -I earnestly desire however to save you from missing the most real and serious dangers which threaten the Church's life. It is not Rome or Nonconformity It is the gradual dying out of definite belief under the influence of a growing sense of comfort in life, owing in part to extended civilisation and consequent growth in cheap luxuries, in part to the tremendous advance in physical knowledge which has temporarily over shadowed the spiritual needs Inman Men cease to worship and to be communicants, and will not face definite Christian truth They send their women and children to church The danger lies in the fact that they are losing the greatest force in the world, and many of them know it, and do not like it The Empire, as well as the Church, will not thank them one day for the sake of the present world and the future we must so live and believe c. and we 01 k as to overcome the creep ingpuialjsis of agnosticism and give back His people to Christ, Who claims us all, living and active now in the world No doubt there is a manifest turning back of this current already discernible But the chief danger is there still Other foes may slay their tens, but this says its thousands in almost every country and in every) religious community the most in tense and burning faith and zeal are needed on our part The trouble of Material Civiltiation.-Nor is the danger surp ising. One of the most marvellous features of this century has been the growth of material civilisation. We do not quarrel with this fact, for it is due to the advance of knowledge, but we note it; and as Christians we desire- to see proportionate development, and dead what is disproportionate. Just as in walking one foot advances at a time, so the state on the material side has of late been gigantic We stand amazed, for example, as the following figures Mr. Gladstone said that all the wealth that could be handed down to posterity, and produced during the first 1800 gems of our era is equalled by the product of the first 50 years of this century, and the next 20 years produced as much again. So in the United States, since 1856, the surplus population of Europe, combining with the Americans born in the country, have built 400 cities, some of them the largest in the world from 1890 to FSCM so much new land was broken up for farms that it averages 10,000 acres a day for all that period. During the last 20 years they have spent a million dollars a day on new railway lines, and the accumulation of wealth is proceeding now at the late of seven million dollar s a day All this is mere material to be used for I misspent, but us one can fill to see how it may increase luxury and temporarily ' down the spiritual side of manOr that is to our own Australia Proportionately to population, I believe our m story of development exceeds to it of the United States Bear with me if I give you again a few figures Since 18-10 the population of Australia and tasmania his in ii used ten fold, our revenue that twofold our public debt three hundred and ninth seven fold our private wealth twenty one fold (standing now it about £1 WE 000 000) The gold extracted up to 1897 is estimated there 000,000 , other mines its £121 000,000 mote, the population now being about four millions o um finds fault with this it is tlieicsiiltofcncigj expended upon anew connu> Butti rightful men willie member that in in does not live by bread head alone Have no Mown mo bills intended to Uli, spirits ally in the same enormous rate' This is a question for ourselves to answer I in like no comparisons with j other conliiKiils Let every churchman and Clnistuui line the subject over in his mind Jet conscience speak I have no doubt myself that you will say- " these figures remind us that if we are to advance proportionate and healthily we in list make the 20th j century an ci i of special moral and spiritual progress If you are convinced of this you will go further and say that the 20th century must not be an era of declining, belief. We must rest on a God who has spoken to man ; we must believe very definitely in the Ten Commandments, and acknowledge Christ as the Living Ruler of the World. The Christian Social Pines. Without doubt also we must press this upon men in all departments of life. If to influence the individual character is the first step, it is at once followed by the presence of Christian principle upon men as social beings. And I am anxious this winter to inaugurate, for the purpose of humbly studying our great social problems, a branch in Hobart, and elsewhere if possible, of the Christian Social Union. it is not a society with preconceived ideas, but sets out to study and to investigate. It will be a rallying point for Churchmen who desire to know the 1 needs of their neighbours, and to influence the colony by the creation of public opinion based on facts. I do not expect it to enrol a great many members, but I know the force which is be exerted by a few who are much in earnest to learn and then to influence. There can be, I think, no addition to our organ Isa Mon more likely than this with which to try to advance the moral and spiritual development of our people by studying the conditions of life among whole classes of our people on the following principles 24. To claim for the Christian law the ultimate right to rule social practice. 2. To study in common how to apply the moral truths and principles of Christianity to the social and economic difficulties of the present time. 1\. To present Christ in practical life as the living Master and King, the enemy of wrong and selfishness, the power of righteousness and love. I trust our venture will be a very sincere and persistent one till we have discovered, in some degree, the deepest needs of our time. One question will obviously come under the notice of the C.S.U., namely, the effect upon our social life here of a great gambling establishment. My own belief in its evil influence is in no way lessened. Butl believe that the fight has become infinitely more difficult. The establishment works noiselessly, adds to the revenue. It received, I believe, 12,000 letters containing money last October ; it employs a great deal of labour, and of course reconciles numerous families to the idea that to assist gambling on races is a legitimate and honourable mode of livelihood from a Christian point of view ; familiarity with its presence among us dulls the perceptions of others, and probably makes them think it is an inevitable evil. Indeed, I note that some are even content to ask for donations from it for philanthropic objects, and are not uneasy at their action. I realise how hard it increasingly becomes to fight against, apparently, the wealthlcstbusiness in Tasmania, exercising its necessarily enormous influence on the press, and, of course, on Parliament, however indirect, upon whose continued goodwill It depends for its very existence We must now proceed to in i estimate its influence on trade I cannot but be real c that already there must be grown lue up a silcnttngeamongoui trades men vi no surely sec money owed to them (Inserted. no large quantities to lotteries and sweeps especially at certain seasons We must study this question to see whether it is socially light in the interests of the Australian colonies to l continue to license this establishment I was asked privately some months ago what was my opinion as to the establishment of more companies in Tasmania of the same character I determined in the end to sign no petition to check such an extension It was clearly my duty to protest against the entrance into Tasmania of any such establishment It was not clear to me that it was my duty to help one special individual to make a gigantic fortune by keeping out competitors It may be better, since wow were beaten in our great effort to permit multiplication, and thus succeed in rousing our people to vote for the banishment of all Church Slutislns in Australia and Tas- mania -I have in my possession in tabulated form, facts about the Church through out the area of our Primary They have been so interesting to myself that I bespeak your attention to some of them They will supply food for thought along with the reflections that I venture to attach to them The entire population of the area is computed in 1897 to be 3,982 000, our parishes and districts 804, clergy, 863 (This is pathetic , our brethren at home will realise better what a solitary watch the shepherds must keep in the vast continent ) Churches number 1,70 other buildings for worship, 1 420 That is nearly four places of worship arisen over the whole men she ci j it is heroic work In re ideas mostly unpaid 1,041, outiiuuibciutk the clergy other w is the ch rge would expire and the Church too He average yearly confirm Wrens are 10 JoO unit b impulses 10 000 The Sunday school children 141000 and then teachers 11 90 The total yearly revenue of the Church from all sources is about a 110,000 Compare that with what we do to the evangelisation of the world and be more for the Intlc cause Communion rails are returned as about 8.)IHK) You will like to know also how many have been old lined out here In the last five years about our ¡ucludingdciuoiisaixli nests Of these calculate that HE were dr aeons Three Dioceses -Sj Incj Melbourne! and But has at-contribute 08 ordinations out of the year Oncathedi Is we have spent £111 000 L l no one call it waste AA e may say to in in in, spent on M eat and beautiful Central churches is us Dr Morgan Dix s nil of the cost of the Ne we work Cathedral to Strongest protest that could be made against the selfishness covetousness and (greed of the day ven, moreover against lb it spirit which says that religion is losing hold on men But what are the defects which have statistics show a Ponder over these the column for <! acoustics and sisters live ominous brain is the total including both is 20 and I did miss mate and of the view of our church life is spent me to say that it we sorely need the devoted skilled and life long set wife of women organised on lines suited to our cha teristics Out energies during the 20th century should be directed to fill this gap It would solve some of our most pressing problems, supply) A vocation to those who seek it and give us more of that buriiiiigaiid whole hearted devotion to our Master s cause, which is the salt that keeps the world from sinking back like lead given them U Bcscitc work, which can best he done by orders of women live Dioceses engages it at present. No date has brought us hue greater blessing than this I think it will help you to appoint more willingly than ever, work which is still lacking in so many Dion sea Church day schools in Sydney and ndclnli'cX have 400 -scholars, and five other Diocese have such schools, saw him collides i used in connection with the time it) or for theological slut ruts In a latter paid loss most of us would be of opinion that time well established centres in sufficient for our needs , and there are fourteen grammar schools I asking to consider who all these figures teach Sue iking kept till, we seem to be fairly) well but missed in the ordinary channels, and kicking, just where iv M should expect it, in the Intense and highly specialised work, just what does not come quick li in lands still in the pioneer stages Such facts help us in out outlook into the 19th century The figures for our mission work among non Christian races are as follows -I last year Under the Board of Missions for what we call our own missions in this hemisphere £1.900 the C M A in Victoria JtdJOO the CM A in New South Wales 1500 The two latter sums me in great put sent to China and In li and are partly spent on the Chinese and aboriginals in our colonies Provincial Orgamsttion From time to time we read sharp criticisms on those who framed our General Synod regular lions in the first instance inasmuch as its laws are not binding till accepted by the Dioceses of ters yards It is called illogical putting the larger under the lower I think such criticism extremely Unfall churchmen did then all that was possible I doubt whether Australian Dio cases sepal needs enormous dist mees and gtcitdcseits and ditching immensely m sire and population could lady c accepted at first a paramount central authority It is possible it would leave ci impel them Certainly till of 1 ile they did not know enough of each other The only sensible first step was a loose org uns action to ensure a meeting once in five years to discuss general interests and then to consider whether the conclusions arrived at suited Dioceses so far up in t It was the usual English and if you his illogical method of doing the best under the circumstances. The result now slavery strong conviction, indeed that we must have a central Synod supreme in its own well-defined sphere We have become so intimate with each other that we are no longer separate Dioceses in separate colonies, but one Church in aim and feeling We shall soon be one nation God be thanked, and nothing in our action last year is a subject for great thank ful ness than the way in which churchmen must have voted for 1 Federation May God grant that ere our Ccueial is) not meets in 1900 we may be really one family one kingdom We must be one strong National Church too The first step to take is to force and too Iona: neglected We must fully develop into Provinces Ivo area in my opinion can be more fruitful of good work It is his a brigade in the aim) not too large for quick and effective action and of course I the Dioceses mc contiguous It has become the duty of all active churchmen to urge at least upon Melbourne and Brisbane at once to perfect their Provincial organisation for the sake of the whole Church in Australia "W Whether our poor little Diocese will ever be admitted into a Province I do not know yet but I should welcome our inclusion into so inspiring a field of petrol t Let me give ) or two strong reasons for the deve lopment of provincial action last we cannot impress too strongly upon our brethren in our large centres, such as Sydney and Melbourne and I should 1 like to add Adelaide and Brisbane that they cannot if they would live unto themselves Die prestige of the Church of this hemisphere rests chiefly among them People judge of us as a whole not by our puny selves but by them So far from by ¡ng indifferent how they fare we feel that they carry out joint deputation upon the shoulders what they effect or fail to effect is credited to us all in the estimation of the Church at Home And naturally we look to them more and more for the best solution of great problems by their intenser life and greater opportunities If this is true let them all take their right places without delay. as Metropolitan Sees exercising of right to a great influence It will mean just so many more centres which possess that right of initiative which is a great pi h liege and a great opportunity Secondly the citation of, at least two more Metro police ins at once may lead to a happy solution of the vexed Primacy question For ten years we have been askingSydne) to remember that because the Pi policy is of vital importance to us all we claim a definite voice in the settlement of it. It is no intrusion on our part into that which only remotely concerns us From the larger point of view it is bound up with very life all over Australia and therefore we have insisted upon a definite voice in the election of one who is the mouthpiece of our allies to the world our final Judge of Appeal and our Wicklow ledged leader in all momentous questions in this hemisphere So strong was this conviction become that we have been brought face to face with a scheme for an elective (or whinstone) Prime) of Sydney cannot surrender what we respectfully consider to be too Dioetsm a view other Bishop, or does not realise how vitally affected all Dioceses tire by the appointment. At the same time I have felt in- creasingly the force of the argument that you could not put a suffragan over his metropolitan not even elect a Diocesan Bishop outside an organised province to take precedence of one who is a Met of nations All these difficulties overflowed if we determine to make the Puiimcj (the best of all courses being ini])osslble)elcctlv e soon)-, the Metropolitans have spoken of the nine days introduction to the session of our next Getter li Synod Is it not certain that those who late the deepest interest in the Lord s wot Id wide sphere of influence will be impelled to use ton nobler conception in consequence of that great preface of our unity in Church life in Australasia Ictus dream di earns in the course of the next 12 months and honour the man whose die it is the grandest Passing as we shall be done, on the verge of a new century a feeling of awe comes over us TA ill they Minni us a century hence for Broadsound thousands in seeing policy ? Did vic at General Synod believe in the possibility of united action and create a mighty force in Australia i for good in consequence ? I ask you now to dream the dreams when we meet again In 12 months time let us fashion foundations for our castles in the air haunt, consulted together in the meantime Our Lyne I Jiiiiuiesi -I am aware of only two subjects of first rank His (list is finance the second a motion to bring in a bill to approach Parliament in order to amend our Church Constitution Act It will be for you to decide whether you will bear the necessary expense The last reason for the bill is our desire to make out trustees of Church Property a corporation sole with a common seal There me old tous advantages in this and as we propose to go to Parliament for this purpose it becomes a question whether we should not introduce a clause to make it quite clear that it is the intention of our Act that we should manage direct and regulate all the affairs and property of the said Church in such manner as the Synod shall deem expedient Sir Lambert Dobson as he drew the Act told me that these words gave us all authority to manage our practical affairs But some doubt whether we are able to alter the smallest detail mentioned in our Act because of a provision in clause 17 which inserts the words not repugnant to Sir Lambert told me certain details of our organisation were included in the Act in order to give us a working basis and that the first words I have quoted were inserted 11 give us complete control over those first details such for example as the method to be adopted to elect an administrator It has been suggested that we should ask Parliament to make it clear thiitSn lambert was right C HI linton -I think you for your patient count sy in listening to me and I trust that what I have said may assist our last ours in Synod and instruct a larger audience on certain weighty matters I began by saying that 1898 had been a heavy in for the Bishop, I conclude by sitting that no Bishop ever had more w allies!, and more legal advisers the Dean The Archdeacons the Chapter the Councils and Committees the Rur ii Deans and Chaplains all who put then powers at my disposal I can never be thanked sufficiently by mc for their constant labours May God bless and prosperous Session 