(AlX ItlOIITS RKfitHTKD.I BLACK JACK OF WILLARD'S CHASE. f Willard'e Chase, part of the New forcflt, Which Ht one Lime embraced half }>ornct, Hampshire, und Wiltshire, is full of hilln, which towurds l)o> sou- lure, turns to Wra downs, with Iteic and there a beech ofc/utup tn-ew ami dwarf oakB on a knoll, aod n Bun ken line that indicates aa ancient British pathway or an old Human road leading to tin: coast. Up a low grassy trade, called in Wiltshire, " iiMnves," And round a Hboulder of tho rolling down where three lines of grassy ram pait showed lliat a Komnii camp had onco fctoud there. upon a September evening a few yr.irn ngo, n young fellow wended his way tdowly und thoughtfully, and in ft deep ruvt'iie. A. sturdy keeper—the wanderer— had hi* gun on his shoulder aod his dog at his lit'dti. | Ho was a line wall built young eon of Britain of about two or three and twenty, lain face Hhrewd and defiant, his step firm and light. His brown velvet shoutingjacket was worn almost while on the right shoulder, whilst the gruy felt hat he had thrust rather jauntily on one bide of his head, bore traceB of hard service in many a storm. There was a peculiar half-smile on hie facc that evening—an expectant Iciod of glancc, tip he Hcanned the woodlands and copses ecuttercd hero and thrio below him. .Suddenly a lit(/e figure ran round a riog of l)iuidim\ stones, und waved a handker tfnef. The young man started and held up bis gun, and then like a deer bounding fc>wn into the hollow was met at its base by aiauglungroayehcekedgirl. Fair-haired aod bliir-p.yc:!, the young maiden betrayed no pigii of nlorm ow l lie ntnrdy handEOme young fcwper caught tier in his arms. j ** You arc lute, Harry for sure," shoes* fBrOnimiul, ift it'pJjr to a dozen kisses bes ^wud on her pretty lips as red as cherries, j •• A idee gallant lover ! I'm ashamed of ( jtoo, rir! I ventured on the way and yet I you've only just come up. Thought you'd bavc met me in (lie deep hollow copse, ll hid behimi thewitches' oak,thinking to jump , cut upon you likeaghohtr* } " A very substantial ghost, Hetty. Would cnubo a ghnt>t many a follow would give some-1 thin/; lo be hnuntod bv. I swear." More Iuhhcs here followed, which eXloited ao ejaculation of " l)o*a-done, Harry." j " Say, Ifclfy," at length exclaimed the crdcnt lover in &&e;»ous tone, "haveyou heard (hern was another buck killed last night by the Itiver Oak V* " But that wus not your walk last night, Harry," " No; you remember I told you old Teddy Jukos would exchange with me. It's thut rutiian, Black duck, ''again. I owe hlni a debt, and would give a year's wages to have my fingers laced about his throat.' I'd strangle him and euve the hangman trouble laier on." "Uli, Harry, don't! Pmy don't look like that. You look—you look—downright ugly, (here V* "( can't help it, dear, I get so savage when 1 think of that villain's crime a year ago. When killing his victim he got off by a Coo lenient sentence of manslaughter. Now, listen to me, Hetty." Tho young fellow. Caking the pretty liule dimpled hands of his companion within his own,here sat her dowo feesMe him an the grass. " You put ino ia mini now, Harry, of the Judge at the 'Sixes. Whatever is the matter t Oh, I do fcef so frightened, sure !*' exclaimed the girl, laughing loudly, showing a set of teeth that glistened like pearls in her ruby Utile rosebud mouth. 14 l>on't laugh, Hetty, dear, for 1 want to l»)k seriously to jon," said hor lover, as still holding her hands firmly clasped within his, #wn, he looked fondly into her bright blue •jos. " tfow tell me, deareet, did you men* tion to anyone that I and Teddy Jakes are going to change walks ? The poachers and 4ecrstea(cre have heard of it, .and they can do what they like with Jakes when llicy once gel him to the J'yed Bull; you know what a drunkard fee Is: you know how he drinks.*' "Awl ou my oath—really to tell you the feonetft Wuth, and nothing but tho truth ?" cricd the laughing girl, as sho shook her1 lover « hand up and down. " You must tell me the truth—yes, Hetty." " And you won't be cross or angry ?" " How could I be with ycu, darling ?" I "Well, then, I did tell ab'mt tho walks j being changed, but I can't tell you who that party was I mentioned it to." I 44 But I must know who was your confi datit, Hetty; I can do nothing without the i information.*' • J " Well, it wasn't a decr-stealer, Harry,and ; It wasn't Black Jack." ] " Don't suppose it was, pet; but seriously, | fit iB no laughing matter to me. If this thing . rom od 1 shall lose my character with Lord j Elvers, so you must be explicit with me, my dear pirl, for I must get a clue to these Vagabonds.*' " MuBt I tell you, Harry?" There was a Rorrowfui, regretful tone in the voice of the maiden now. " If you Jove me, Hetty, you will tell cue the truth.*' " And you won't be cross with met" * Cross with you, pet?—no. I am con vinced it was tho knowledge of the change lust us that buck last night* Tell mo at once Who you mentioned it to." " Can't yoa guess, Harry, dear?" " I've not the faintest idea, Hetty." " Well, it was to my brother Luke," said the girl, all tho mirth dying out of her facc bow. "Your brother!" gapped her lover, his hand shaking bo that lie almost dropped hig fi»j. " T&e; }*?&! Bail is Lake's favourite bunt, and *tla there the poaching gang meet I've long suspected." " Yes, and my brother, the Bame as Jakes, !■ ever craving for drink, Harry, and I aup Pobo he let out what I told him when he was fotoaicated." " Without a doubt, Hetty 1 Poor Luke I ficarce more than a boy, hi a love of liquor will be his ruin; Imb case iB worse than Jakes, as tho latter is an old man. However, this will be • caution to you, darling, not to repose confidence in your brother again. • When the wina'a in tho witte out,' and this •rids good with strong ales. And now I'll l«U yo* another Bocret, dear one,"—with a fcurriod kiet the young man amoved to fco— ** Teddy JakeB and I do not change to-night; •e have orders from the ranger to retain our osual posts. So if the poachers are up to anymore mischief, they'll come to grief. Mind, Hetty, not a word, even to the very fltr. Good-bye, my sweet pet, I wish I could pback with you, but I cannot." "And ia thin the way vou.are going to loavc fte T,f pouted the young beauty. *' It <s almost n matter of life and death, Jetty, and if you love me you wouldn't wish keep ne. 1 shall sec -or hear of the -deer* tfestiflf at the 1'yed Bull, and then fcuow what to do." /f ■ " Ob, do not go after them, Hat, _ iilack feck will kill you; he fears nothing." •' So more do X, Hetty, there. Good-bye, #ve* don't c*7, don't be foolish I" hecx ^an«A*aaba bow hutekte arm; * the track of the gang, now. Wish me success, dear girl." " I do, Harry, I do; but, oh f I have ab awful feeling of something terrible about to happen.'* And now, aa the young keeper bounded away, Hetty sank down upon the grabs, weeping and Bobbing in a very par oxysm of grief and alarm. A sharp run across the downs meanwhile, soon brought the young keeper to a hilly Bpot thai commanded u good view around and a clear eight of tile inn, the Pyed Bull, known by woodrueu many a mile away. Standing on the summit of the hill, his eyes bright and keen, Harry discerned four meu congregated at the door of the inn, all of whom were pointing across the road to a high field near a wood on the opposite side. A few minutes after the astute and deter mined keeper had readied the little village public house, and making his way into the bar us he had tmspccted, found seated with some half-dor.cn loafers, Mb fellow keeper, | the old man, Teddy Jakes, who, half drunk, was shouting out the scraps of abuotibg song. By the tire, with hie back to the door, sat u tstalwart lad, Hetty's reprobate brother, in doge confabulation with a short, red, : bearded man, a well-known comrade of tha noted desperado and poacher Jack Ingle dew, or Black Jack, as he was called. " Why, blessed if Harry Dudley ain't jined ufi." cried the inebriated Jakes, who, staggering forwards, clapped his companion on the back, exclaiming, in thick, guttural accents: " We've had the ranger here, Harry, boy, swearing about that buck that was killed yesterday. 1 did'nt let out as it war Black Jack's doings, though; Jack always squares it with fne, Harry, and no he will with you." " I'll square with him, Jakes, by putting him in a hole he won'tgetoutof in a hurry J" muttered the young keeper, with frowning brow. " Don'tee meddle with 'un, Harry; he's a dead shot, and he'B Bworn he'll kill the first man who lays hands on him. He 6aid it of you lad, not half an hour ago in this very bar." " Ha I yoti've had the rulfian here, then, as I suspected, and he's now away in Audiey Woods, but I'll have hiin !'* cried the young keeper, as with flashibg eyes ho made for the door. The half-drunken crowd, along with the affrighted Jakes, now endeavoured to keep the excited young man back, but. shaking thorn off, Harry Dudley was out at the door, down the road, and fl.ring towards the adja cent woods in a moment of time. This place, Audiey Woods and Walk, was a favourite haunt of the deer, being full of coverts and lurking places, and full of leafy holly, the deer's favourite food. The scattered woodlands and copses abounded in hazel and young beech, and the feru grew thicker on the slopes and round the hedgerows than in other parts of the deep woods. Gaining, after haif-an-hour's sharp walk ing, some high ground, Harry, casting his eye towards an hedgerow, perceived two m*n walking slowly by the Bide of it, one, as far as lie could distinguish at bucIi a disatnee, j carrying a gun„ With comprsesed Hps and knitted brow the enraged young keeper stood for a moment glaringut the two poachers,and then without further hesitation darted oif in pursuit of them. Past six o'clock there was only a dim, shadowy light in the woods, and it was with some diiliculty Harry kept the two figure in sight, to his chagrin the poachers pre sently both disappearing through a gap In a tall, thick hedge, Uigfct ahead he now unhesitatingly rushed, Md in a few moments was in the gap, sod brushing away the hazels, to his atn&xe;, almost, butted against a man who was quietly standing smoking a pipe, with his haods iu tie pockets. The shrewd young keeper fancied he could tho device. Tho fellow so unconcernedly smoking his pipe was screening and covering his mate on ahead, and that other man, Harry intuitively felt, was the ruffian he wanted-—the deer* •stealer who had sworn to take his life—the poacher. Black Jack ! The daring young keeper resolved imme* dtacly upon his course There was a great prize to win, whatever the risk might be. Brushing past the fellow with the pipe (who grumbled something sullenly), Harry hurnedon. Presently, uftergaininga sort or stubble Held, he could discern nothing of the man with the gun, but dashing on reck lessly nmv, for hit* blood wag up, he caught sight at lunt of someone creeping along under a hedge about fifty yards ahead. A loud mocking laugh now woke up the stillness of the scenc, and in anothor moment the creeping figure had started up. A giant of a inan over six feet, with volu minous black beard and whiskers shrouding his mahogany-tinted visage, menacingly con fronted the gamekeeper, a gun pointed dircctly at his head. With a thriU Harry Dudley, as the deadly tube was presented at him, coined his own rifle to his shoulder, but, before he could take aim at his deadly foe, a sharp crack was fol lowed by a whistling ping over his head, a streak as of ftame passing across his Hcalp, whilst bis felt hat whirled away like a wisp of straw. Staggering back'wiih the idea that he was mortally hit, the young keeper Wbb saved from a second discharge by tumbling into a small hollow. " Again now that mocking, jeering laugh rang in the air, and then as Harry rose partly on his feet, muscular arms wonna around bis chest with tho strength aud hug of a grizzly bear. Having made the discovery a second of time before that the bullet of the murderous poacher had only graed hiB scalp,lie now pre pared in wild, fierce rage for a struggle to the death with hits enemy. ot a word was spoken by the infuriated antagonize. The stalwart young keeper knew that he had to fight for it or his hour had come, and in rag" and desperation he struggled io the embrace of the bloodthiisty poasher, the renowned and merciless Block Jack. A practised wrestler, Harry held his own until his brutal and ferocious antagonist with his heavy-tipped boots kicked at his legs, slashing the flesh at every lunge as though it had been cut with a reaping hook. Sot content with tlii» barbarous feat, as both come to the ground, the deer-slayer, with a savage howl,fixed hiB teeth like a bull dog into tho neck of his adversary. Sick and faint from loss of blood and tlis fierce struggle, Harry had nearly lost all cor* sciousness, as locked in the other's mad eift> brace, he presently fell with him into a decp% dark rent or hole in the earth. Giady and bruised, released from the deadly grip of his mad foe, Harry remained for some miautes with the same 'sort of feeling one has upon awakening from a bad dream. The Jirst thing that roused him to his full senses was the strange quietude of his tierce companion. And now, as he pushed away from his i fcreast one of those murderous huge hands Chat had gripped him so tenaciously shortly | before, ho started up with a cry of horror. Tho hand he thrust away had feft very cold to his touch. | Had felt like a hand of the dead. oli^y a P&lc; light in the well like cavity, and, stooping down quite close to the doubled ap heap beside hun, Harry perdeiv&vtaa; moment that he wbb alone with dealfe. foingta a bent position. hiB face a ghastly blue arid purple, Uluck Jack, the desperado aud pnnrhcr, had been stricken suddenly out of lift'- His race was run; his murderous j attack upon the young gamekeeper his last crime. Walling undernHatli the bodv of his vouth ftfF antagonist, Black Jack had broken his had gone to J>i» account with all his sins upon his head and in the attempt to coru*»it another deed of bJool j (The Knd.) I 