The ©foiireiies. The anniversary of the Guildford Presby-, terian Church was celebrated by -a social and concert on Saturday evening. Tea was served at 7 o'clock, and a large number of church members and others sat down, to do justice to the good things provided. The takings at the door, to gether with the sale of tickets, was highly satisfactory. The hall was cleared after tea had been dispensed, and the concert ?was cominonced with an overture by. Miss Moore. Mr. L. Proudlock followed with a splendid rendering of, ' Alice, where art thou?' and responded to a hearty encore, with a comic 'I've got the ooporzootic,' which was productive of roars of laughter. Mrs. Hickey sang, 'Sunshine and rain,' an d Mr. Zucker recited ' The Frenchman in difficulties.' Mrs. Brown sang, ' Ye banks and braes' with feeling, and Mr. Hazelwood, the popular headmaster at the South Gran . ville Public-school, delighted the audience with a wonderful exhibition of his powers of ?whistling, which was so appreciated that he had to give ari encore. ' The Holy City' was well rendered by Mr. . H. Smith, and was followed by a violin solo by Master Pritchard. Miss Bessie Moore gave a pretty rendition of ' The old loch,' and Miss Zucker recited 'The last hymn.' The Rev. Mr. McClinchy gave ari exhibition of the wonderful.! grnphophohe, all of the items being ex J collenr. The evergreen Miss M. J. David son delighted her hearers with.the beautiful song,' 'Apart,' and the duet, ' O ! wer't thou in the cauld blast,' was nicely given by Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Brown. ? The very pathetic song, ' Ora pro nobis,' was rendered with feeling by Mr. H. Smith; and Mr. Zucker followed with a reading, 'With brains, sir.' Mrs. Hickey sang 'Daddy' in fine style ; and Mr. Proud Jock again appeared to advantage 'in ?*' Calvary.' Miss Zucker gave a second . recitation, ' Meddlesome Matty,' after ?which Miss' Bessie Moore sang, ' It was a ?dream.' Before the close of the entertain ment. Mr. McCredie, Mr. Jackson, and Mr. Davidson delivored short addresses, -and the evening was brought to a close with ' God Save the Queen ' in unison. Tho annual distribution of prizes in oon ? nection with the Liverpool Church of Eng land Sunday-school took place last Sunday, in the schoolroom. The prizes ?wero presented to the successful scholars by Mrs. N. G. Bull, of Oabramatta Park. Mrs. Shearman, in the absence of the ?Kev. Mr. Shearman, rtade an address, ?which was listened to with rapt attention. 'Thirty-nine of .the youngsters received prizes of handsome. books. Anniversary services were held in the Wesleyan church, Liverpool, on Sunday. 'The interior of the building had been prettily decorated by Mrs. and the Misses Hopkins (2), and Messrs. Eichardson and ? J. Wilson, and the pulpit had been trans formed into a veritable fern bower. The Rev. J. Hopkins preaohed. The following anthems wore rendered : ' My shepherd '; 'Stand up for Jesus '; ' Oh, come let us worship ';' Onward,' the solo parts being sustained by Mrs. Smith and Misses P. Critchley and Vallance, and Messrs. Vallance and Crellin. Mr. S. Smith was' organist, and Mr. Storey conducted the choir. Both, services were well attended. Special services were held in St. Bartholo ? mew's church, Prospect, on Sunday, in ? commemoration of its 57th anniversary. The churoh was prettily decorated by Miss Smith,' Mrs. Mojbri, Messrs. Hackett, Pond, Neeves, and others. The Eev. J. W. Gillett, of Wayerley, officiated, and large congregations were present at both services. During the morning service, Mr. Percy ?Horford sang the solo, ' Nazareth,' and the choir rendered tlio anthem, ' Lift up your heads.' In thejoyening, Mr. John Herford was the soloist, and another anthem was sung. Mr. Hackett was the \- organist. A highly successful bazaar in aid of the Hornsby and Wahroonga ChuVch of Eng land extension' was held in the Presby terian Hall, Wahroonga, on Friday and Saturday. The stalls, which contained a charming array of useful, ornamental and fanciful wares were kept busily going on, wjth the result that the receipts reached £70 to £80. The following ladies were in charge of the stalls : — Fancy stall, Mrs. Haigh and several lady assistants ; needle work, Mesdames Fitzpatrick and Slade ; dolls and fancy goods, Mrs., Love, Miss Fairfax and others ; sweets, Mr. and Mrs. Brindley ; flowers, Mr. and Mrs. Kershaw ; fish pond, Mrs. Slade ; tea-room, Mesdames King, Plume and assistants. The Revs. R. R. King, Thomas and Plume were present, and the ? proceedings were enlivened by musical contributions of 'a. delightful character. A successful social was held in the Pres byterian Hall, Hornsby, and was well attended. Mr. J. Miller presided and was supported by Mr. Kershaw, the new superintendent of the Sunday-school, and Mr. McOloy, who is temporarily relinquish ing the duties of superintendent on account of ill- health. In token of. affectionate esteem and regard, Mr. McCloy was, on behalf of the congregation and Sunday scholars and teachers, presented by Miss Emma Kershaw,?with a handsome inkstand, while Mrs. McCloy received from the hands of Miss Jessie Reeves a lovely shower bouquet, and Miss D. Miller read an ap- ' propriate address. Mr. McCloy feelingly, replied. During the evening refreshments were provided, . and admirable musical items were contributed by Mrs. Kester, Misses B. Fear, Neen, Reeves and Smith, Mr. Brown and the chairman. 'An entertainment and a bazaar are in contemplation to raise funds for the repair of SK Paul's church,. Carlingford. ..?'-,. On the 18th, at the' Galston hall, a social was tendered to the Rev. E. and Mrs. Hargrave, prior to tlieir- departnre for ?Pen-' rith. A very enjoyable concert preceded the refreshments, after which a' handsome Aneroid barometer was presented by the chairman on behalf of Mr. HaEgrave's ad mirers. On the following day (Friday) the public-school children presented the rev. gentleman with a handsome rug. The Rev. S. Harrison is advertised to commence a week's mission at the Parra matta Baptist Church to-morrow (Sunday) evening. Sacred solos will be sung by the pastor. The officers of tlio Auburn Park Church (of England) have decided upon extending their building to meet the growing require ments of the district. It was announced by the Rev. Mr. Pigott, during ' the service at 'Baulkham Hills on Sunday, that the Rev. Mr. Orans wick had accepted the appointnierit as successor to the Rev. E. Hargrave. A farewell gathering, with a presentation to Mr. Hargrave, is to take place^on Monday at Castle Hill, and last night '(Friday) the reverend gentleman was to receive a presen tation from the Baulkham Hills Sunday scholars. A memento of a pleasing nature was last Saturday presented to him by the members of the Cascle 'Hill Lawn Tennis Club. The Gran ville Primitive' Methodist re vival campaign commences to-morrow, and they will be continued all the week by missionors from Sydney. The Parramatta Congregational annual tea takes placo next Tuesday. evening, and the Rookwood Congregational social next Friday. The'missionary meeting of the Granvillo Circuit, in the Primitivo Methodist Con nexion, was hold at Auburn on Tuesday, Mr.' W. A. Mitchell presiding. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. W. Atkinson and B. Kenny. , There was a good attend ance. On Thursday, the Granville meeting was held. Mr. F. W. Barber presided, and earnest addresses were delivered by the Eevs. B. Kenny, W. Poole (Stanmore Congregational) and J. W. Holden, the latter giving some interesting statistical information in regard to the progress and standing of the denomination. In member ship during the last few years, the increases had been larger than in the his tory of any other church. . The Rev. Joseph Shearman, who had ex changed pulpits for a month with the Rer. George Muzy; of Berry, returned to Liverpool last Saturday, and met with a very hearty welcome from his parishioners. On Sunday, he preached to large congre gations both morning and evening, special music suitable to Whit Sunday being ren dered by the choir. Attwood's anthem, 'Come, Holy Ghost,' was particularly well sung. Holy Communion was cele brated at 8 a.m. and 11 a.m. 