A vpry enjoyable dance in connoction with the Maryborough Iola Clph waa held in the Golden Age Hall on Wed nesday evening ; when about twenty sik cunples attended. The musio was ex cellent anj floor in splendid order, consequently the dancers had everything favorable to a pleasant evening, The half-yearly meeting of mombers of the local Branch of the Australian Nativps' Association Was hold on Tues day evening last, yvhop there was an ex. ceptiopally largo attendance of mem bers. The following officers were olontnd for the ensuing term ; — President, Mr J; Hempneed (re-elected) ; Yico- Prosidentj Mr T. 8imtPops ; Treaspror, Mr A. Gol- der (re-elected); Beoretary, fflt E, B, Goode (re-elected) ; Assistant Becrotnryj Mr II. Monks (re-eleoted) ; Gommitt.se, Messrs G Moyle, O. Parvey, A. Ban- nister, J. Itespggau and H. C. Clausen ; Auditors, Messrs J. T. Molloy and G, W. fiedpath- Ur Salmon, M.L.A., ex- President of the Association officially represented the Board at the meeting and with a few kindly remarks, tempered with good sound advjee, installed tho newly elected officers, all of whom re turned thanks for their eloctioD, After the ppasing of pcoounts for paypient and the eleotion of a benefit member, Dr Sulnipn delivered an able and interest ing address upon tho business transacted at the late Conference. Ho also quoted statistics showing tbo splendid progress made by the Aesopiatjon of late years. During bis Proejdpnoy aloue tho nut gajn of memberp was 2469, a result never before appronobed in tho history of the Association, the ipcreaso in mem bership during the preceding year being 776 ; whilst the previous largest for a single year was 1700, A'tep touching uppn variona important mattprs apper taining to the Aesooiation and of in terest to members Dr Salmpn spnjio very hopefplly of the prospects of Federation ana urged those present to pxeroise their votes and influence upon the occasion of thp poll to be taken in all probability in the near future, aud assiBt iu showing piust unmistakably this colony's cou- ' tiuped loyalty to the Federal oause. Dr bplmop resumed his seat amidst opplause and a yote of tlinuks to that gentleman I waa rppvod by Messrs Chellew and Gol- der apd carried with hoarty acolamation, for whjph tho doctor returned thanks, A vote pf thanks proposed und carried to tho retiring offioers was responded to by .President Hompseed end ufter the Treasurer's repnrt of cash taken during the evening (4131 14s 3d) the meeting terminated. I The general mooting of all interested in the Fancy Carnival, will be held at I the bliire JIall ou Tuesday ovcnjng next ' truck, Owing to Dr C. O. Salmon being re« qnircd in Sydney on the 20th instant, the date of polling ior the Federal Bill, he will be unable to attend the Carnival at Avoca on the 2lst iuHtant N'> apol- ogy for liia absence on tho .occasion will by needed, as tb.o populur doctor's con stituents .will be only too proud to think of she important part he ,is taking in the 1 .ui'ding up of tbia nsw nation, Melbourne Punch for the week is a first-clasf production. ' The cartopns, .-ppeoiplly those touching .upon George Reidud Federation, are .excellent A .very inter.eiting illustrated supple, tpent to.'u iGeeh.ng accompanies this week's .issue of the Melbourne Leader. Everyon.e should secure a .copy of it. The Australian Joyinal" for June has reached us, aud as uspal it is full of excellent reading matter. ' The leading tales are " The Hivpl Claimehts/' " Skeleton Rqef" and " Phe Mistress of Yarranook." The Avoca and Talbot Lawn Tennis , Clubs meet at Talbot to-jmorroW iQ '.'10 return matcb. Avooa jvill he repre- .sen ted by Messrs Molloy,. Thomas, .Goode and Bro.jvn. The following cases wer.e dealt with .at the Elm.hurst JPolice . Go, tilt on Friday last : — j. vStepJbenaon ' v .C. Tucker — 8ummons for the illegal dptentipn of a beast, valued £3. T0StPne(l the 30th Jjune, William Weir v James Grant — Summons to recover the sum of £1 3 9s, money owing. Settled. Peter Jarry, George Jarry und Dorothy J.arry were committed to tbn caro of tho De partment for Neglected Chijdreu. There v.- as a good attondsnce of firemon at the usual monthly incoting of tho Avoca Firo Brigade, held last evening and Cap tain .Chcllow presidod. Tlioro was nothing of moment requiring attention,' jo the oven- ing .was devpted to ordinary business. It wop reported that everything was progress ing favorably .jvitli respect to the cirouB that is being arrstged for the annu&l; Carnival' T'be seoond of tho teries of dances in' r.onnootion with the Ayoea Cinderella Club will be held on Wednesday next. Matters in .connection with the Charity Carnival aro progressing well, and the re sult will be a splendid day's fun, such as will bo worth going miles to soo. A special festnro of tbo Concert in the evening will be MrR. A. Taggart's grapboplion', which will record .and rcprodnco one of the songs rendered dnritig tbo evening.' .Other special-, ties will also be introduced, and the lead ing vocalists intend assisting. The roturns should sbojv a rccoid year in Avoca in the oause of charity . Tl.o grund feuturo of this year's Carnival will be scoreH of well dressed pjtizons in Fasbionablo Spits made by Groo/i.yvood and Co., Tailors, High Stieet. l'iace your orders early to prevent disappointment. — Advt. Tho Minister of Railways and Colonial -Treasurer, Qaoonslanif, on Tuesduy made u pjiblic piouiiso that the wages of all the railway worjkinen should sliortiy bo in creased to tbo Standard obtaining prior to flip rotre/ielmien! in 1893. A farmer in .Norfolk thought nomo few jyeeks.ngq J.io would pity a good joko on a neighbour, who bad a weakness towards ghosts nn.ij apparationB. Oe pjucad a wbito Sheet over a stick in the road on u darfr evening, but contrary to expectations, tho man did not return home . .ou foot, but drove homo in a hired eouvcysnce. The" liorso shied' at the whjtc-looking ulmt.icle, tlq$W:.tliu..uiep our of. the trgp «rid bolted,; tboStuiuinl e.o.iiiibg to a- ttaiidsiilR-in (lie ditch near by, Fortuuatoly. neither liorso nor niun was hurt, hut the:ennvuyanco was a perfect wrack. The owner of tho trap threatened tp tak» actjou sgainat the fariney, who eventually settled the matter by pay ing £'2Q. A novel ease wan caliod on at thc'Bondjgo Polce Court op Tuesday niorning. Wbou Richard Sondoo, charged with wilfully dam aging property of tho value of £8 15b was called, a child about tlircp yours of pgo wan oBrricd by jts mother before tho court. Mr Mnrphy raisod the .point that ps tho child wbh under Hovon ysurs of ago, it could not tio clisrgcd with a oripiinal offenco, and could not be culled upon to plead, and fho case lyas strpek out. An Amorican firm .of pianufacturers have just invcotod u pew coolrivsnoe by Which' a cycle ohain may.fie oleaned when in action. Tho patent copsists in on ar rangement which is eeeur.ed on the frame in DUL l> u lUMJiUUf UB IU DIIOit IUB CIIUIQ tO pass between the two brpshes, which pre held in position. Thoso, , which look Ijk'o two ehaving brushes, slidp'sutouiuticslly Dp and down ip thoir sockets, allowing porfpet freedom of action. TIiobd who have ex perienced the difficulty of cleaning very dirty clmips after a long ride will appre ciate tlie novelty, tho use of which is likely to pfovont a considerable amount of The wedding of Mr Wesley Hall (the Mooot Morgan millionaire) and Miss Daisy Dempator will bo memorable for many thiugs. Fanoy (Hays a correspondent), she wore no bridal veil' or orange blossoms, and tbcfo was no oake. Tho pearl nccklot that sho wore had beep worn by her groat grandmother in the last coptpry, The Limeriok laco liundkcrobipf sho parried was sent to ho'r by Lady Garvsgb (ono of tbo most beautifpl women' of her day), and, by the way, tho five-yard Court train, whioh formed part of tho bride's. presentation gown wq;p pt tho Queer, May reception fouryeprs ago. was used in s uniqno woy-;-tho wed ding preBonts being set . opt on it- By difEejront nations pearly ovory day in (bo wook is Bet apart for poblio worship —Sunday by lbs Christians,, Monday by tho Groi-ks, Tuesday by tbo Persians, iYpd- pesday by tho Egyptians, Friday by tbo lurks and Saturday by the Hobrows, A sad bprning accident' ocourrod at Qlon- elg on Tuesday, Mrs Stone, tho wife of a local butcher, had left her littlo girl, aged one year spQ eight months, ssloep iu a cradle iu the bedroom whilst she wsb occupied washing plotheB at the back of llio liQUpo, Laier on oho noticod amoko coming underQeath tho bedrpboi door, and on going insido found tho cliild burpt to doath. T|iu baby had evidently obtaiDod possession of a box of matohoj, ono of which had ignited and set fire to the clothcB. It is understood that President M'Kinley is fixing the maximum number of United States troops in tile Philippines at thirty thousand men, hi Accordant© with a ronucst made by Brigadier-General QtiB. tho Com mander in-Cliiof of tbo islands. !Tiib Would Wpnt Vehy Well Then' is tho title adopted by Mr Walter Bosant for pne of hiH uprultj, llauy people besideo tho farpops Encliah writer iojauinc that our vsuntp.I progress is s mistake, and that the world went better before the days of rail ways and tiie electric telegraph. Ypung people oowadsys are apt to despiso the things winch were formerly thought to be good ; bat, lispj-.i!: . m a few essential things we contiLue iu profit by the experience and ailsicc of on.- fathers. In sickness wo turn gratefully, as Ihry did, to HoIIowbv'h Pills and Ointment, knowing that no new-fangled methods can ever take the place of remedies tyhicli have stood the test of balf-a-centnry Wo desire in cull oar reader's attention to the fact that Mr A Lalor lias obtained the locul agency for the celebrated Giiam- berlainjMedicinus, which are manufactured by the Chamberlain Medicine Co., Des Moines, Tows, USA. This company is one of the oldest and most reliuble in America, and come highly recomiyendtd to the people of Arocs, and to make .their. remvdic-b a household aniclo through this district 'hoy have made un iidvoitising cos- tract which will appear in ths columns of this paper during the next year. The Hoc of reuiedies they roamj fscliuc is of a class that shoold bo fouod in every homo, siuoo they are for the most common ailments such as every family ,hav 1,80 f.r 80,110 time daring tho yosr. They are : — Cham- borUin'b Colin, Cholera and Diarrbms Rcinddy. Cliambcyluin's Cough Remedy. Chamberlain's Pajn Palm. Sold at 1 for small tipes ; 3s for lgrgo sizes. A country parson'.s gorifener was dts- miKBod by his master for stealing.' Tho following is the entry 1 io tho. diary 'The Scripturo enjoins ub that if a man lake sway thy coat, Jot him have thy cloak also.' This morning, having found out John had been ptesliog my potatoes, I have gjven him the. sack.' Dr F . S. Morris, of M'Coog, N.ob-i em ploys .carrier pigeons for a unique purpose. Ab the doctor's practice covers s large coun try .territory, when he has one -or; two pa tients ill in widely ' esparnted localities tie loaves with tho families of tho sick persons jBove.rsl car'ior pigeons, to be released daily with u mesdago as'to the patient's condition, Otborwieo, be would $nd it extreqiely; diffi- onit .to call on tliein both in ona day. It takes the pigeons but p low minutes to reaoh the doctor's home. Greater than Washington — Counsel : 'What is your age,, madam V Wilnoss ; ' Forty-soven, sir,' .Counsel': 1 Married or single ?' Witness : Single. I never bad an offer of marriage fa my life, and if it is any interest to tbo court, I don't mind say ing that I have worn false hair for nearly thirty yeais.' ConnBui : Hem ! That is all, madam. Tbore is no use in trying to shako tbodiroct testimony of so trotbfol u woman as you are.' kenpor for DompBtcr Bros, of Esperancc, West Australia, shot himself on; Monday night. Inspector Lawronce- l'10 Tele graph Department, und a lineman camped near the game place went into Boyle's but to rouse liiui.as bo did not appear at breakfust lime, and found liiui dead with a revolver in ono of bis bauds. On Tuesday evening an olderiy man.' named G. K. Coniu'oec, who bits been u roe- dent in Ruthoiglou for five years was miss ing from home. InforTnatisn was given to tbo . police, who ioRtiutod a soarcli. CcJ qiabce bad been omyloyed for the hist day or two in renovating tho promises ip which lis was about to rosido, aod - his hat was found on tho top of tho tank, He- \vaB discovered in tiio tank, which contained spreral feet of water, A strike affrotiog upwards of ten thous-' pnd men lias taken ptaoo at tho.preuaot Gun Factory Bnd engineering worko jn the South of France. Ticks seein to have made their way pretty freely into Brisbane, nnd they are plontiful in the paddocks near the Mayne Bridgo road and Ejldon Hill. The pests have doubtless been hrcugbt to Brisbane by the fat cattle travelling to the sale yards. . France has as many as 46,000 families, with 130.000 individuals, claiming a title tc nobility, but, as a mutter of fact, only about, 460 families can prove tbeir descent from a noble family in feudal time's. Ths strjke at tho Baminbigio niino,- Cbil- torn, is practically ended. At. a meeting q? the association on Tuesday fnorning it .was "rosolyed to return to. w.ork on wages, and a deputation was appointed to jyait on Mr Cock to arrange details. The latest development of the art of ad vertisiijg bus appeared in Sweden. The advertisers have actually captured tho bucks of the Swedish national banknote. A tologratn from Eclmca BtateB, a rush of water has coino down the Murray, which is now 8 feet 6 incheB above summer level. Mr Sedilmi, tio Preinief..of New Zealand, addressing Maltutu, tho Maori King, aud tho Wuikato chiefs, urged tho natives to train somo of their owu nnmber as doctors aud nursoB to attend thoir own sick. Ho said' hi? was prepared to take Maori girls into tlio hospitals and provide oapenters and black smiths to go round and teqeh tho Maori yonths. The proposals wepe favorably re ceived. Mrs Marcus Clarke and hor eldest daugh ter, Rose, l,.ft in Ihe- R.M.S. Orizaba on Tuosday fqi London. The purpose of Mrs Clars's visit to England is to arrange for the publication of her late husband's works Dorgheda, who won the Grand National Steeplechase at Liverpool last yoar, was sold at SahdQwn Park las) month for 3300 guineas to Mr J. G. Bulteel, iyho won tho Giund Na tional last March with Manifesto, for whom he gave 4000 guineas. The totalisator at the Adelaide races ou Monday wrs tho medium of heavy ' bueness, no less than £ld,636 being invested, as com pared with £16,689 16s last year, and £16,386 in 1397. Qn tho Birthday Cup alone £5711 Qs was put through, as against £1635 twelve nqpnths ago, and £5576 ljjs on Ade laide Cap this month. It has come somewhat as a revelation to the public, as well as to tho po'ico in many districts, to know that children apparently under ten years of age, who aro fouqd in the streets engaged in any casual employment during May, Jane, Jaly, Aqgust or Septem ber alter the bout of 7 o'clock in tho even ing, and after 9 o'clock during the other months of tho year, arc liqbla to orrept, un der the 19th clause of the Neglected Chil dren's Act in force. Only at Ballurat a few days ago a newspaper runner nainod Thomas Dawson was charged at the City Court with being a neglected clnld. Tho ovidenco enowod that tue boy, who waa nino yeurB of age, earned about eight shillings vycekly by tho sale of ' Heralds' aud other papers. Tho magistrate (Mr Johns, P.M.), discharged tho iiTi.? a cau0D« tbut issued a warning that ho purposed in future cuses of tho kind to uphold tho law. Chamborlian's Colic, Cholura aud Dinr- rbcoi Remedy can always be depended upon una , is pleasant and safe tu tako. Sold by A. l. Mlor, agont, Avoca. The HcaUU and Vigour of au mdlviiiim) ,<ni.n.y upon the quality and qu.llty ot'thc' fiiuJJli. t?h,"n ssasasa- £' 0f "S'f'u ci,aljHoUdb Si uhd substitute Bl;War'1 r woftt-lces tu|i(atloo 