CliAHUE'S SOLILOQUY. The Premier (mopping his broad brow with con siderable energy)—Poui! by jny faith! 'twas a warmish thing, ■Arid 1 did think that, my bright star had paled, And close upon the setting seemed to be. Never did I so much exertion make, • Nor run Daine fortune to so close a pinch. That same Dame Fortune hath much favoured me, And made me haply far too confident. I would not pass another such a night, Though 'twere to buy a world of Premierships. 1 fancied Denny at the poll's high top, And 1, who have to many years controlled the mob, beftrin the cold, and Batehcior one step above me. Caesar's ghost ! It nearly killed me, ay, the very thought. Archbishop lleily like a Nemesis Stood o'er ine, tiireat'ning Some unlownrd fate; And in the distance was "The Register," Like some great engine bearing down on me, Carrying a load- of errors, faults, and sins That 1 atn heir to. But I will repent. I'll take a lesson from my narrow 'scape, And be less reckless llian 1 was afore. I've held the seat of office for so long That 1 did think that I was welded to't. I've never had a -forman worth..mv steel, And overtoil tide nee did make me reck Not opposition ill West Adelaide. 'Twits toueii and go, but Charlie's luck is in, And he's in too. So what's the odds— Those .laugh", who win. Holder—Ay! take a lesson hv the risk you ran. "Co slow" and do your "fires hank." Ton are too' prone to pose as Kniger dotl). And vide roughshod upon the people here. The lighting -fever in your Irish blood l-cads you to blunders that arc hard to mend, And we all suffer for your impulses. If to repent you have the proper grace And to atone the needful energy, For yotr there's hope . The Premier—I will if I can change my nature so. But, Holder, you can never understand ■How pleasantjis to do just as you will; To be an autocrat, and have your way, The sense of power is intoxicate. And fighting for't is true delight to me. T'was touch and go, and, Holder," I would fain Ho in the lists and fight it o'er again. ~ "In the last thirty years, without a single war on a really great scale (says the "Daily Mail") Russia has added £300,000,000 to her debt. .She-has vied V.ri!; L :-.uce in reckless prodigality of expenditure. And here tve . may discern the cause which renders many far-seeing Russians, and M. dfe Witte- among them, advocates' of an understanding with England; and which has •prompted the Cx/irs peace manifesto." - 