?.' .??, ? ? ??,,??. ?t",? ::' ? ?,i,??'' ' ',?" ?", . ....? ,?/ ; ;"?' ."? ·,·: '.-:'i?.?/: '.?... : ... :, :-/.': -???? . .. ..'.../.. . i.' ;:. '? x~ i;.,1:? o .,':,.?? ?j!i ; ..;: .??:;..:?.: ?. s IE; . PROGRESSIVES, . of the: ; colony hoped glrtt things from thd' Carleon'Governmeont f-te fir t LabourMifulstry of Now South Wales. ilnde t-e few Prime :,liilstels: ihave come into power under fairer aunspices" tan'the youthful Cari'lnt had done.- There had been nmsoscd ticepcin.sm andi sorte siering hostility from a 'seection · df .the ,'i.'ess;hu t u .the mor .liberol, arid,m for thesmomnt, theob .. jre.tnflsiential journals, evere, if f?om?vhat critlaly;: on hils side. d::: :th, .coni :c:, e fro peoale were prepafredto support him ,loyele eir.peatlenit hod i nt olngth,' been "e-,ron out. 'lby an :lt a'Conservqative podarty' thsat a CU'rloi"'dombnatio of e?h?tfis haiid ,:putinto power,.and thenywere v pi6 reprared. or tho thorouecs going ameasuares ?foe?f?obm? :dalesn:could bea counted eon. t' introdde. a rit tfrom the inimial- iressohe onlyth doubts of his obilitrv tovleadn the ennbutisy cme, froeaea nbt unfrie?dly ilquarotver. Manys \- ' axpe-ieneed .men a~·n'd.:?:Oen?'of thb',w?~id .iaw too many lfou s ?l?.iitle .path .botf."man so .young and hna dnsmn oas: GilertCOnit enj -to prophecy others e thallnflure Closu ob s.'erverns hbwet:er;, taw:wltha:dmiratti~onth,{t tot Premier'se devotioiio Hrlairs '.s proof \- eganstr the: anny atteomptis: to d.?a him inm . to the social vortec:. NO robein'N:loy:South iWanles was more fl?rcely: etsiegetby thed sirens ofnsiNety thaltheahfte hisolevtislonl b at, to tell the truth, the avoidanOe ofp the w?.- hirlpools'woo not a' particularly difficult Siitr tb'e Catrlei:' :'Hi''o abs?airti in the :. afairs of his cduitry n-as th:'otdonime, as ais .:pr?ably not 'unique, of'mi~l?ed' thbtltees : He. lad a surely pet missibtos:d .er mtlatfiHo i?ito? lhd, hls name down ?to ppestrit: s ais esaviour snd leader. To him social success !.:loomed small indeed -.iagainst .publl'c t riumph "and thls waisi -to. be but" a; prelude -: :to", vorld wide' rioegnltiohn; Ho exiulted i t:" ?he:?early altnansmht of sO mnuchof his am:til b;;.oitloti, and gsslored':in t'urespect,oen :paid "to his name; Neoerthelss, he told himself, !he .: would give, up: all. his person hope Srthler than .betray.'thoe cause'of the' People. IIHe hbd dedicatefd his lifo 'to;their service, e::nd thioug" htis desire is: for-hsonars snd Sfamine, osens these ho Would not lhnve at the :.price df treachery to his .couvictions;', rre ,= had another, guard against the: wltesi and s miles of thoseewomen-who trled to turn his h:'Leal] by flatteries:subtle or gross,: which it :would have checled sarme of them to hav;e leneen ' W' Vnnio Rohy was an aiva;ys-teree slorp girl, dull 'eyed and'dullbsklined, with lot?. houis''standlnglIn a heated atmospherro and. f.rom lack of proper nourishment, rest, arid' ' comforL ;HCer father, in his lifetime; had been.' Gilbert Carlmen's mate lih a miln in 'Ghosts' Oully, andi thherl Crldeen, uiteonist .,'ad agitator 'at that eriod, had beeni wont to; seoe Winnie. very. day.. She lhad tbeena. : w)retty, rather frail child, bringing thei can with her father's dinner t the mine, petted y .y nl 'the 'men; and malSFag:h er prticular pl lymate 'of the stalwart young miner :"whose opinlons were tin cree il o Ghosts' 'Carleen came to live n ,Sydney'on enter ' lng Parliament, and l.ar: many. years had 'lenost sight iat "he Robi.;'e Ho had accident t:i'ally m.et Wlinlde whnt flndlitg himself 'in *.' the W1ogi deLpartmi'-it.of a draper's estab 'ishnment on one of'ltiii rirb *shopplng ex peditions. "He had :'afterwardsE wondered "uhow hoahad recoEgnl?,d his once bright-leyed,. laughing ittl'e conB'ade in tlat anaemic, de . :ected "glil lenning pIuinully against the sliop *'counter.' ie found her to" he orphared and TrincndesE, and loirally tilcel to help her Is "much as she ~i o'eid let hile; buitthere was n,'iot midch'Windni cotild'pirsiilt:'. Like hun ". ilreds ofaher otlieor :'orkerh, sihe llvedil'it ,."'rooms'-a cuiihonism for one tiny apart-' n~mnt in which bhe:'slept, 'cooked, and ate. ':houglh, it Its tise;. the cooking; and catieg were nol vctvry 'nmprtinil, .ffairs. Obviiois'ly, there;. is not' hniche tore the" receptionlof d', rs in, tl:s s.tyle od llviu', and ad'.Car-. Iccn saw bilt rtttle 'of'is frietid awvhy from :;her placo ot;;luslncss; The Premieir of the * omitry caii lordly moet his girl friends 2n "the receptio mi'ooms s Od the pool-the parihs -':eia ferr: hetbois;. It 'siemcd to' Carlen;' ion ;..n hinio consiKorlatiion of the position,' thant maneliehas'as wdll:ca loyalty to a 'lead!coln rado i denmaneled .thia',li'o should lielp' that iTrena's 'halr-slarved daughter In. tie'only way lthat was ,opon to him, and that .way Swaos to'mnalk "hei e icls: wife;. ':Though his Snind 'was almot :mndo: up to ?uggestth?sa ieto to Wlnilc;' h wsvas 'iltdi iunaware of t heleelinnigs \'ithil'llich ;she regiirded 'him. " -e,would z;ive bhei? dove'?iwheieied'to'bsave Innown tlatan thoi.m no: leo had 'paased'tfon , 'ts 'memory he lhad never gone from'-hers. ;: She hid wnathedditho :progress of lils career *'w'.iti? 'pride and joy that were th]o eener or' b hdlg lkeit:'hitirely to herself. Thlis 'miade heo 3)~otr??;fi lier sordid life, auni so arleen bhecameo thoa leg 'of her' dreamns nhod '.ho r try of helr workllnig existeence. Titus it m .'tha tl 'u:thecunt liaourscli liad ?rimased in GiThei't's o :mpaniy l:si?ne that chance mesetlneg in lthi shop liad brouglit to her that uinspoanLkablo llilissdess linown only to ti-. selflsh, funseekln. lov.. Ills lf; she ho knew .would be always aloof andi apart Irom' hers, bhut neither time nor. spaco could blot out lthat one brlght corn'er' in Ier house o llife. Old Heblieitam, ':Canrloon'as Attorn'ey . Qeneral, the orin: v'ot raii of the party; was :n.ao good a fighter for: lprogress as ainy con. .'cntlonrinfy liisdlbled "worklingemin" olf lthio lot.. Hs ,environment, hliowover., a"l ioen entirely' diffegent from tliati,of liis .collea l gums, and be hind ,no sympeathy ,wli jthth unanimous deaspld ngi of the, softer; aide of ! / W . *: ***\ *:*„' ;' :; *;* *' - * : . 1: . S"'LooIk bm?, Cerleen;' ho. sat d onos da00 ! : "you leIve :the vthliole ,tsk? tu f, gttlnt o the M.lnis? try ilplptil.i :eeroltalln valuablle quil ::ters entlrely to ::ic.:se Vhy wont youiake i:h j~bractle ofef hoeivng oup at ome o:of these qnluenutil Ilsssid?" t iou ineun thoro woli wsoe isitssistlhnl,' Sreturnel lhis cht?'fI. 'They ale so no longer, : -- si ro uiolnllucintlhil looplo 1ow0.w W3lhlS cnn they-do for me, " " ... ?: Partlyh bowever,' ylolding: to the Inslsat 'onceoof Hlth 'm, for; whom ho:had' n' enuino ilklling alnd respect1isndi partly:1i6m: ';'curloslty' ts Ins ??oisatInew.: vorld, the Pre'e .n:rler fouid lhinodsf ,oise ei'onlnsin t-a' pStrapaty given by hi?r?,e Hlkiileh am.. MI?s. I-Hobenham imosed as; "snmat" .nn d :'isp;to- diito,' :oahd iirld.d heorself on "her gatlierlngs represent 'ing Iho lotellectulrf,lfo, of Sydloy. ::':Yeo, a durned cligbht too intollcctili for me,' etlsi te local pIoet who had beeni is ;;iblvelgled Into the Iig-rollhlg circle., "Next lime 'l goe .ol,? It get my opt. .grams" ready the day before, ; a Siheysy do, and n ftlA'e a :pal, nlonig t:: go.get'thte tnlk rouind oImp book at supper." Wi .?sti g ithee til the mosat .ncuto of all' 2: laoris to your ohilermsily' activeobirahiod man. hld Carloeeu sb: i1' HercIulean effoit avling got ,lnto.la retired nlook o an won ,'?aerlng hohow'.. hI ooid most edo eontly:. break awuy, and also len ealcoavsurln' to deelio. "which wore 'Ilheo msost tiylhg.-tlhe oulful womens who 1na?e himl 'ltalk 0e toe 0m1rut ones iwo asndo hish listen. Ilvefore he oudt solvedsny. (if his plroblnm lhs'. HeIbenhain 'swoopld dowln n him with.a htindsomeo young wo man Ini tow. Mre. Ilebelnhtun hald been ?mnrly beslde Ier?slf withll self-ylepraceh at ;celng thi hero ef her evenlng standing alone, and hsid selzed ou theo bieauty of the Iltlsering torecmedy tIlle defaiult. "Beatrice, do draiw llsit out," shle 'had' whlsperedt. iHel is so dlliiult. They say.tli. Is a brillialt 'opeicer. I'Vve foulnd thtd;Post ;Oflce enrrsiags mnose rsapollosivel, Seo \hat you can do. ( ':' , :; ( "Of coursee;..' bsheti'iwistltitiig t?tcklelo hin oill tin c.velng;'.' saidt lier''frellid. ,It Ircod up his liut ight's slleceh' oil purDose-1 I believe thlat's lwhat lictt me late! Only, do arranlge that Captain Parrlngton0 taoke mle Ilto tilupcl' 1nnr1ehlnts ncvel' got one ilntlllg to eat." l'lrell thue llm?ore.'t tt1er5en felt Beatricel eruce's gracloun miul, uIp:lon him1 ant heaCrd tie cleair, enresilg : ccentsal of Iler volice. : he felt glad he had 'nomo to Mrs. 1tiebelln ibams party "lsch baida somewhat similar thought '"Thigii a newdt a stomOie .csall fid it interestixgig: ,Don t? Ln . ':meMiss Bruce asked him amt 0yG~ppP onyg~et1bOisno notability. font acu :and the other fn it exhausting living lup to yoiir parts '"By yoiur bwn admlisslon you are the most: diitinguished persoriepresent '.then, Miss Britdee.ii"i stt i'shoul l think ithardly-nieded that paradoxical e3plai~latio tu-2 ,.'-!Oh .you :nifhan.. ::aam ga:odIoold oisnlsg, I. dnst??vish to denythat.' My fce, like your, geissild,: is :my passports to power pand suo, ceS.I'.To tbll ide triiLth: I an?ha sortof cult just nets it is tho fashion to admirenme; but you need out folloiit Uiitunilss yiou like sbo laulghedl in) ak orn faahto odtb~athe would have callqd detestabie5 iny oa ane e"lse; but-he found himself makingallow? ances fodi lier alredy-.:: ;:;:.::, :i·.' "D'yD?yu:knobt , I:think your osp?ech flif clevierestbIt o esensatioiial litertue silnce Senatbional, Miss 'Bruce? It was hnrcly lIntthdeld to 'be that. will 'ou' explain " ., .. rhe ,wiwld floui.rih aibout;giving voting; nower.: proportionate to lackoft ' property .I mean.. The. fewer a man 'spossesisions, di' younotsay? ,the .mere need for. him to get hold of the only. means to. betterihimself, ihcli; , unlder civilis?ld goverinment; is found 'iii the ballot- boxi' .'nveI'vIgot it right?"' '. Ben, hb.Mi? 1 uo b'' In th contetiloh -'Laglll1; Oh how amtusing. Howver,| it'will :takle ,with the crowd; You are 'quite right to tlckle naudfool:them.'! ;-:'; ''You wvio minmi:ottorly I amn ini earriest, Miss' Bru-ti ;' 'ePi?Dipcrielal .wonder thait .he wo r lerah^nlg'in ,the' majority are still' 'in ,suhjeei1c6h ;,It' is. ob~ibsly,t for.i wnt.uo ,weaponstrYou ,can't light. xeallh,, vedted intoieresti," traditioi; 'OUtoni tUnrllmed, anid the:oisly'cgectlve woie (li. is voting ipower.1 :Wh'li tlie ulnemplobeDd has -'tvo votes 'be caus'oI hisl disabllity,' lhe iill- not long be :unemployed".;;^ ;,, i.' . , :{':, ': ,i' , " *.Theo ryoung, ;woman raised '.her hact t:threads of eyebroys .:' . "How popular you will be! And,how In :torensting It Is.n Will-you teach me politics? -the riglht kind,' you ktnow: I am sadly astray.'" ' .( :" . '" . ' ' '' , They talked ftor iii~thor,, andl it' was'oith him Miss Bruce ?.cnt to supper after all. . Caricenlet Mkrs. HibenhiaTmn's hishouse pos sessed,.more, than :he had ,evor been before by a~.glad .thanklfuln?css,tor his position in the eyes of meniwhile: B Bstrice Bruce went .home exulting in"liBi r beaiuty. "'. Fo a hort teti??riter Carlccn's accession to office the public buniness went so quietly endosmoothly that there was loud grurnb ling:amongst preso jwriter ont. thestongn tion which made topical par. writing a. moro .haressing 'businhese thian ordinarily; but it proved .to be but a.. deceptive peace. Phra doxlcalsy eeough, tbo very reforms broiic ed by the new Mlinist0ry, as hs before ben witnessed in transitiln periods., wvre.e 1 strumental in.bringiiLg things to a, crlsis. Grlinding employer, seeing their a.hnaicg of tyranny about to grow less through the placing -of now measures on the Statute eeook, gFe aggressive and spiteful, and pit all possible burdens ioiln their "iba, while the opportunity .yet served. The men, hea±ted l.ancd inlpatient, not finding, liope fbr' the future a siumfclunt ~support m?rmurmured eand rebnllid. The giguantic industrial strihe of that year began with a striko in the building trade, brought about by: an 'r~ii Lrray and Uinwirramnted 10 perr cenit, reduc ,ion in the wiges ill round. lAllied trades followed siiL and tnoon It was: dflmicult to FaY, Where.the strlfe would end. :Tlheroewas a: tromicnidous, , aniuid 6f bitterit feeiiag aroused from stri:t to fini?h facdtions aad nartlcs. growing out of the contest tihrioug out the country." Sydney, itself was divided Into two chm'ps, wno on as til0strikers and tho stlnucls; an'd feling there ran higher. than through the Federid' campaigns. . The tovernment was believed to be. generally in sympathy with the men. and the Premier himself watched the contest with the keen cst perslonhl Iraterest, his wlshes being boind' up .with' those, of thd strikers. Aiongst these wmnrs mniny of his' old fight Iin'g ,coniradosi of the ifavouasLuboL' leagues and organlsations hb hhad- beai connectesl with., . .., :: Mleetings in thlie Domaln and in the pub li halls seemed lbuit t st"cntheg th de-e trmliiation oi n bobt'h ides tliough It is true that the idun, hi. this FIdling trabilds ac quloesceril in Heboeham:s muggestion to sub mit the chief points to embitration. :Thlis ;mode of ?ettlement wase refused by the .maste.s firmm in their beilcfthatmoneynmu st wh:ii the dny, ahd tbe workers being oventu ylytaori.ed oil . Howirver £30,000 a week was: for a .lionCg time found fo'r tho' strike funds,':not only, the lieighbourlng colonies, but eympiathis?ers fron eover ,thoe sea scid lug liberal olYerings. Fights arising ouit of strikt discussions we;b of .daily: locuroimnce, and of this the manters. ~ilid usb e ii the ,ras and el?'se wioroe to amouse fcellug against ithe mnen. T-hey;: aesserteil, thb i'lhle city was in i an actual state of peril, that:peaceful eitizens hLut ?mdlrectly cosucerned withthhe dlspiute iveo liaible' to molestatloi and hdrm; rn ?iiurfi of incid?a ri?si?m' wbre:' freely circu blated,'?l at' l'ast ?o?' ehiolment of sipictl coiastlmles 'os asked foi. Of .coulse,- tlherc6 was a section of the'i licus hbbrlid itoleae up. this demand,: and. still, mnoro of course a clhorus: of approval from.: thalt shallow, uithiinlkigui scantily pad i band whoigslory In" bclieving that they -are not "worl6ling :miLen'' They ilimghot'lit" would: be a finb'. tiing to take up darms anginst any oneo on ay pnjr text, pirovided tlhdy mighit thereby sgain a little cheap distinction-iand abadge. Al lqt, Will be -done- foc.a badge. Proposals woer duly made to thus Premier -to sanctio'n 'iinuil: atOstp but were ignominlously scoitbd' lsvhhni ILi Thomldst of3#a iiotm.'d iadt s 'of iiis poerlod of-hiti career,, Carlbonl boil a auisrcme: coiolatilons in ,frequentr.yisits to. i1sk sBruce ~'o. Wvst: ?ds ft'6no fte she eand. his nany engioenints would permilt, but, aboutsi.o time of 'the incendiari'lsm sareo. lilind b?cil bkept' fidm hdr' for neearlya foresightE. Hohbat chbaed inoxiisiierition eovsi 'the deeontion, iid'c u:ld~liidiy'l con "tn hils Jio:y when a te!ephonie message from hor could be aRtiswire d .with: :"Yea -free" to 'iiltgt.''- '?horoe) wore't, several 'r matters clomoitring, iis usual, fot::attoition,: but ho itfiileoid tlch vbicei Wlitli'illttlW compunctlon., I his':l pocket waso lso ao .'qiite forgotten ,note from Wlinnieo, blegging :.him:to ell at 2619 Great .Brighton-etreet t ,his earliest psosibloe oouvenlonce. It 1was the first time Winnie hrid mdde uchi a .request, and tonc io. Wihld hiivo gone without a' momdnt's delay, to ansneor. liber suimbns.. Nows he ws s.iatisled :to d lthiln he Woiuld o'g.when h lohad tlid :: Miss Brpco rels di him alone, as site blad' done several: tiineas qforo.e She ihd well-tLalned liarenrn,nhod she o:hld.;no sis tors. iHer birtlieri were ,seldomneound out of: batno iid tote ohbps.. " .':':i COrleen forgot every worry, big o little, aL aight? ea the r'dlaiat lbr:lliancy bfoore him. The women to had kInovn Intimnatoely hitherto cro ;atwomen \who despised every aiddltlon oft art and adornment For this Iohe had admired them, or thought Ito hod. ie hodn'neve• been on termsin of friendshll ivlth a womnial in whon dartistiid and natural graceb blended 'to a perfdct. whole as Ith Beatrlco, nd it seemed to' him secingI her tisero in radiant gowli clut so as to dis lay- her lovely' nrtn:s. mtid. necik .".' lt. lier hair in full soft wavoa about her'face. withs thei delicato :atiosphoro of peorfunio that ourrounded her, tlmhat' lituew for theo first tlmoe. what beauty, .a woiiioii' blieauty, uineant." ,Tte contralst of Beatrice with the worltlng girls and ;wonlteon ' his former life 'struck hinit with' poignant force., A wo inti'?i toi beloved, he' felt, 'muLst niot have her hande roughened with toll, or her face llitedwlthl care: muet not wear sad-colour ed, -ll-fitting garments; must not kInow lifo from ILts seamy sle. She must have just tltt satiny, glcamuing skin, thioL tint of health in soft'-currved cheeklts, tlhat dollerato strengthl born of comefort ,nd care. Sihe iluot wacrlgownS of shimmcering texture tand beauteous hues, nluset bd surrounded hy a:uitloi'dotirs and light and luxury. lIere;aRa tlhe completeless of womanhood; there?? in dingy Great Brighton-street was it: stu~ tcd imdag-the hollow-chceked,. patlet-c-eyed girl who lived on crusts and "ea1 arl. n '?yse limns ap?he for warxnvet odas an altruti?tsle agq has decreeod that saloss- omen are endowed above their fel low-mortals with abnormal powers of en 'Carleen impatiently dismissed the image -of Wiin'nIe that obtruded itself, and gave, hlitiself 'up'to the'dellght of gazing.at the woman before him. rs S"Becatrice, It loYVe you," rushed impetu .ously from his lips. dalmosn w!tllutinnten lio ."The pfiik icheeks':toa?k on ift .aeepev fofe. ahni the.hhziel eyes, :a w "mrl ghit; ao-no.in uie 'I'a doI nodt-at you~ib to toil me thiol tnowT?,limo: .el hy : you ;v?; been; :n long!!: gwavu Iran Vii:~'yp~u itr 5ang·to doanbaut ie; ozed w:;lth.eagernss en'the-chanaceI saw theni lning or thegjoy of hearing a sweet/, tender wow an'os voice-u~raised for th ":e plp uess cd, ani:i F i ?.i ?'ovn'coprse -,f action. 't"at"niri?, repllied:with' da: angryt gone. : 'Hown' canC h-you? take,:;thiopart of. sciclh canaille;" she asked :-tI thoight: ou :tiere "gdlhng to tell 'me you? ivkrer? going to "exit :the '?o!wt'er ''o r itreuust?d:i to-'you anild take ''e,.treme suleres :thadt would nen:i,· tha ralhhiebakk to wloirat' once';' I ' Don! ii terrupt,: and please calfl me Mis Brtce:. Why don't you give' orders at ?ane forlthe spSelal constableselo be criiolled-and? ifoir then artillery to be 'held in readiness? Tl?i 'th s?rets i~ilg$ht' e f"itt eftex' once mr e. ""' t i,...,::"?I··'? :;"-? . : Y .:~ou, cann'ot he: inenoi eugd Msany of these men are my coanrades, talk-i ing" the verynstantd my teachilig has di icttd~ thmtofrZd'''"n- ·1 ·l A : "What doss that tei ." matter5 'Az ''i' - ways~ admitted, tiher6e 'are times. when one mout take iup people's cries, hut' only, in eoarde to bilind ~hem~ dtdo ithefc that they; at.e beling ruled Whein the are brieking away! 'from. rile, it is *Itime"to come dowln with the iron heel. ' . 'You ' hair ?l sO.:'*' ' :' : : ' "' ?" ': ?' "Far Hcdven's sake giv upthis biy .oryIS;'y slihe 'continued.' "iDon't lose your pswhier'..eize it, fasten on i t" Rule the mhob aind rule.Australia. I still help 'yoiuq Gilbert." : trimeale do yol; mnea it?" ' : " ".oai:answer, her white armsi rested lighti l ken his shoulers, dril "her :plifted eyes slpike the itest ;Before the Preomer went out agalat ??t ? the siillit lih hbad preomised a. false womeins the negation of oll his political prilictpled. iie had 'iromised the onrolmedt:. o the spe cials, the calling out of the military if tlhe distcirbo'res shlioul 'Increase. He had pro lisel to :thiPow in his lot with his enemids and the eoneiuies os rieform, end this by hiubtle undierliand leans'.': You ":iowv you ca?i wasny the party whichovc? wxvay you elie," she .had -said. "Not on of. theni will rebcl .agaist, any action yd' may take..I take it for granted you 'wil manage thlngs adroitly." ' aIe had been filled i~th horiror ind loath ing of her senitimn ts, heo had cpoostul ated ind ienitreated, llhct her pover,over hinim is ,ompilete. Ho wasuicob?tivinced, hit doo quordd. Ie despised himpeif tor beinog s 'wax i:i' her "lnd%, wevjile leside hlimself with rapture that sheo should condesce.sd to mould h1m. " " ' 'I am ainio-t 'in.i"wowith him to-nIght," Beatrice told heiiself after he had left. "HIe is ainsn lhorn to lead men, "fud il, nilssilof is to lead ihe loader " The power snod theo iflnueiee wili hbe all mine, and' low I Sshrlliglory .l.them:'. . . :So pleasednl was she overthe result of lher nlghtL's weojkl thait :ihebsririlsdd liir minother by a rire burst of coildemcee. "If fathter will not be ruined after till, it will be thinks to me," slihe said. 'i dbist think:there will be muchli 'smpathy' with the itikers after tlie next'fl dflyse'"i ol .slshould ljo very tliailkful that you:have it ilaughto sos astite as she is beautifti!" , " "'I am gladl you have falle in love witlh M'.; COrleei Be'trice. -' ' i"lave I Vell, if I mary liim it w"ill be the same thing. I olshilj ,'lielphih riot only with my money, but what are as' vaiu able, hin enegles and miy influence. Good night, mother. deidr I nam tired out pith being a wire-pu Iler '!' , Trh irem?ier hat sit;toalily' hei l his mis givings, h h bit~h a h' n0'o meanso prepared for the storm' of .publie obloqui whlchiburst about his: head oie's his ?ttitude ..'f' ths ritdi1e. Itis had titiked 'hli cbllehguo 'lito sgioeemeot rerardin;g the cdbnahtiibles, ut lied nted without codishltiog tlihi'n la'tor whelf,; on some slight obshtruotion of th:Raie in Gatoiee street;: lie had permittedh the cilliing out of tle militry 'nd the redding ofr. tiie Riot Act.' .In the sre.one 'of confusion that risultdd a fomlineri mete of Carleen'i hd :pen so badly Itlrt as to inteositolte his removal to th'd e hospltal. . , SA, inotlon i censur6e was, not surpris ligly, the outcbmde of the proceedin'gios and Ifrdo?ithe' 'ery comoniencement of tile deliate ai ie?t?iouirlence 'of :feeling was manilfbested ongalnst the 'hlaii of the Government: 'who, hoIlq ciot felt stroilg inoiuglt to withstand It. On" flic morining or the day on which it Swas edpected to b:loae, Carlbo conlng 'froin the iioeltal after inaqiring after the moatn wvounded in the riot, had LJust got lilde: thie gates of Phrlliinm.lt 'Hlouse wheit he sawu a small lind grilmy yvouth ''aproachlng lilml.' Bs aso effort hel recognlsed him as a son of :timhe oman in wlboseshousd~'lWnnide lived, :alid xwhodhad run 'oi; an errand for him ona 0no dccoalonl:; ": " eMist Robyh:led ithis Inornling," 'the boy dstild "Miothe? told toe to coine to tell ytr. iss' i Robh a d'l Yo ivould pay for the .The-iuial crowd ~of h~ingers-sihot seeing the Premier bianich' nd l:stagger camea little? a?iar " t" catch aimytdlhiig of interest. i :Thit can't fbI tiriloboy. You are m.nak-l: ling soniae oistat," shey heard the Minister .. N" No nbloomin' mistake..,; Mother dlidn't' lunow ? hs.lo wae so bhad ;ti'll yesterday.' .She ortor.gone to nohe 'rapitiil, mother sold aild "Miss dRoiby osa'I eshoh hhd writteni toyo. to ,'And I did cot,a mower her letter!" weore' t?elfiwords tliher rod'i?idlc'e'O ' ' '. | "t sot' teas' r n?u' h oiieli: 'lnnjo"'.hafid' suc cuimibed::o.: ifa mnu' riduced by fatlibuoeahd m'dal 'nitir.on. A:' 'dct~ r lhoidnioti. seen her. till. shoi tiy: b'?eore; liser deiith'.l Dayi" after, dlas- hadB sh?i w'iltol 'hoiiif.ully for Glliort, who hadi lironhilsd to alwiiys bfirlerid her. NeiotUier she nor her ian'didy. host 'lnpwi' hoW: to gaet;aboitt ohainng ;niadinisib'ni order to a liospitlj: aid fe Iar of. ise 'expnseo liiai kelit her. from"' ndilig fora'n doctor. She had riot liiown wliei sho wrote t6 Car-' lecin' hw serldaisly ill isho?wvas,' and had not mentioncd illines at :li, for fear thiiat should miak :hlin :neglect' some important indttpr by. hlstening.to her." 'She had' been quilto sur ..he would .comtnii ill forced :to beli?ev' othlrwld;se The' lbitterness of 'shatteroed falthi hald added Its pangs to tliat'bof death,. Hle last lioutiinlght havo been' still: further troubled had .shio guessed' that thlo .Circum siinceas'ofl br death' weio' to 'add 'to Sher iidol's dowlfall. : ,. i:'' .. ' . ' ' The. ovenrig paper. somchow igotbholld of' tijo 'inclidfntof thie Wshop-grl's friendlesas detnl. arid the .iihhd?d"s messago'to ?the. PreBler., A grbled amuncont o matter, in whieh the girl, ahouwn tbobea" daughter of the Premior's olde?ttrleild; :?iwas' said to hae' naslicad'libs ol in btilnihg entraico to a :hIospital;: s(tin to liiive u ben bea ursed,si in-??' theo most charitable version -elrculated. r6ria ciruel ondais -gained i.cuir;eny in othi" quarters, b?it td tllese, asto-tlhoother s'tories, Carlion.gave no reply at-nill. Self roprohich .and iemBtsto woikcd' theirwilll on hlni,'and no pliblication of the tiuth could drive themiu away. Besldes, it seemed to him that Winnle's namo woulL the sooner cease to he ban.dled hbont if ho kept silence. Ito had refrained fromn visioting BeDatrice in that excess of mortification, but he wrote repeatedly, telling her nothing of his Inner life, buit pouring oit vague and passlonatet apneals for her love and sympathy. Beat rlce sent l aon- col?uin tal replies in tlhe cool eat veln, which fevered and frenzied her Gln the Inst 'night of the debate, the Pre miner's ready wit anl tactical powe:rs sect ed quite to leve desertedl him, Hl e was truly giviig but a divided mind to the vital baiineaa 1"cpur hinm,, Before hIs mental vls -fi'o '', the Imperlous Bentrice In the oro:i /. o her heabih and beauty, and the dead faen of the girl who had been without a frle.j, in this wealthy and joyous city. \- -'; them put him out; he was unfit to stay 7.'t the head of affairs for a single mo meu't. IHe had betrayed all his pledges, he ha'ji violated every lanon of political recti :tld a. Not only all workers, all democrats, but all who valued truth, honour, and hu Simnity ?'shuld rise to mark their detesta tion of conduct" more vile ':than' iany: re corded in the annals'of this country."'.'*, After several'speDeches'in the same strain, the theatrical C'coup of ePrlller the MiniSter foi" ':I Mi?ds;n l v'as' hardly n:eeded. He rose with'linlch' empresomenLt'to' resign his seat pl'the Canblnet as the only effective way of Bt'Wngehis'dlssehnt from',his chiefs action i:ii'?oltlson?withthe;strike.': . 'After' thlit- tile vote was not long do Ia?;? d '"' tt: fwy moniutcst *after 11, amid l6ud ic!hccri; f itle Mlinitry -found them '?elve dlefeated by ?le biggest majorlty ever .'ren dcr'de" als'st,' 'Colonlal Government' :and Gillert "Carleon; with a weight lilke leaod o?i' lilsl liert'.told 'himself that this '. 'ektlnctinn.c-' Political greatness, his vhCoiitry's elevaition, a. nation's; gratitude-, \- "g~ fi1 :'-2" : tl a .- "-. i . :? ',. .:' ;.. . hot6 fa himnet ia fi huia pHe thrust tbcmdenhiitcl 9 thadghbte g imile. Ahi, tlerev wee atlii r omthihsg lift Tiher wias n bhiiothing b en hti a nd love. Now tlaiob was Beatrie 1.er only -ptition a?nd' aori --what wr,'o they in .the light of horomlef Hoeoad be o ith her in a few mirute', and compellintg thoe soft Arms 'bobut h'"s?slncck¢ all failure "all grief, all 'ignomiinyi woublld be blotted "out! ' i'??ss Brute abild got her teleDhoti-f les sie :bairlier 'in-tihe evdneing, and 'w5 wait liig for liin As she rose uip at his eattance liie beauty 'elzed as him nas never before, a'nd a. ii iingw~itlthfls adoratoldn thbre came a dbhll terror at hertinipassiveneas " it ' i?all' over "Beatried. 'They have : e 'li'g?eaban impRttent gesture. I:t 'is late to conl' with your neas Could ,?6'not have leleli) el? .. :,, "Deaaeet dearen, hI \vaatcd ybh en 9so l'taton. Nothilg ??ttvHEit if .?k' wil. :give .)iec!,'t h at:" .',: : :' '. '- ::. - :r ·:- :' :,' - "i :"onl havi e my -sy'kfi ii)r. do not sea howiiny one cran gio e citha1solation . You have' hideouslf a ?i iSinggfl.ge things;, and tlieir?is nrio :sflbing. ;u look ,as far as I iri i"see.l' ·;.ii.l I· i... S':'T"here i ior .'usnoe B.eaitrice ·in your lov. Yoiu do' let h 'OBR 'you have said yoiuL --'' ?:'No, ib itol love-you. I admired your succeho hh GL,,ur seemling strength. Were you uit is5fu nnowsv .But a failure, a c¢Oisithti'5ble failure!' W:hat, have I to do "wtsL i 'tallu?": " 'Nothing could move her; nothing Soften :nor touch her. She was imperviou's and i \- "Cease to annoy s?ey, she. said, when hle implored her to take time, to give him a chince::to redcefmihis positioi. . G?ive me a yeir-less!' Evirything eon bb turned lto good ~in politics. There. arec comrades who would lay down their lives for me. Believe me-- believe in me. I have yours promise." ' 'You Ikowfyou had i ut a conditionls promise given to you as a.leader of men. Ysou;.are :no lnger that. Youi have nil-' gauged tlings.. "You aredeposed; yohu hahe shown my.u stimate of your powers to have been ;a wrong-.one; in ~wa ord, you have falled, and :I hall never 'associate myself with failure. I am 'orry Tor.you, but if re-. port does not bello you" you will not to wlthout tie desired consolatlon: Ther'e are still many shop-girls" ', With that, sneer she left him. Carleen staggerer out 'into the garden; iherle ie s?t stiup?filed till daylight. Then hi. i.os abusively turped out into the street by: : the niew chum gardenbre whose sus pieton '.that thin wis s.onueof those colonial )intrilns lie heard so mnilh 'of was strength. .bnc1 by obseoiving the runfathlonable cut of tile young ihn's clothes, aod confirmed on i?sdin'lie had lost liis hat. '"NARDOO." 