THE FORGE OF LIFE CHAPTER IV.-THE RUSTLE OF NEMESIS' WINGS. By J. MONK FOSTER. Mr Russel-Wentworth was in his office at the works and the door was closed [?] all comers save one-the man he [?] met and spoken with that morning \-- the business of that forenoon the fcWOS 11 .‘" nmaster had rushed with a *s:#° u V - b-iste uncommon to a man or tioiiS ,Jlls 'i.i;i,erate methods, his sole and >:;.- rJVe ' i l ipcire being undisturbed pri ?srJ * oU !rrier"tliat lie might give all his w f! ,n i consideration of the sinister, ridcii had sprung up in his path. I of noon was approaching now, ir ‘- eleven he had been closeted there, <ii- iinC l „his chair with his palehand- J' | n ;rietl in his hands, then pacing f,seiace i UXU riouslv furnished room and broken sentences 'from Ws lips ’ anon pe< ? rl s l?r thr °HSfi hliißs “(i,pr B f the many windows which of office.,, , p,rcril-AVcutwortli’s 'private den, Mr 11 IVont to phrase it, was situated s=»? r :::: npn nost floor of the block of new herein the clerical staff of the lron Company plied their pens PiEiM® * its windows the ironmaster il4 T - f.,a view of all the works and the r of country lying around; forge, -endneering works being ■ visible joiBW- (le with a wide expanse of niiev through which a broad 3 • Wre'am'ran; while from the other of furnaces and great sloping up !l f ‘‘bViflnd were to be seen. in his uncertain walk along the * floor the ironmaster flung himself csr,e • lii- armchair, drew some glisten from his pocket, forced the trin and then stared moodily at the fc :0 £!;’ tf f the locket. Set m one panel o3 ‘a love-knot composed of plaited i. 0 f man and woman's hair—one' ind brown as his own, the other dark w hile framed in the other panel “““mall photo, such as may be seen in -Wiwninber's window or studio. £ r t of wondrously beautiful and refin i .■«‘urs- was sitting on a carved seat E "f , hunch of ferns at her right hand, Hamlin-’ beside her. with a hand laid H J, r on “the girl’s left shoulder, was a •/nladv handsome and distinguished • nwn. How well he remembered hour even, when that picture b bkn taken—for the fair woman was Vadeliue Grey, the man himself. ITha' memories the sight of those sun w„ed faces and those tiny threads of iSed hair called up in the mind of that i-oodin; man. In a flash he had travelled bt tl'irten vears along the highway of S ~;t and was re-living the dead days, ■jjwjs four-and-tweuty again and free— . f ar a wav in that fair isle set in the t.Yj jej—wis roaming the gorse-elad hills Jd ferny dells —" as dreaming his dreams n-ock-liomid shore and wave-lapped sands drinking deep of the joy und free jj:a of those dear Bohemian times. 1W had come that day of days when faire=t woman on earth had entered so -aaniicallv into his life and thoughts, ber to leave them again wholly. As he Jiadered on the girl’s purity, sweetness, simplicity his pulses leapt anew, b'rourii bis face grew dark, and to revert h hner to those dead and gone days was i) bring back seme of the old Elysian ar- IThta snatch of heaven those few weeks '-M own. How he and dear Madeline had in those golden days, happy as iyiktiess children. How well he remem- K-ei' that chance meeting on the shore -Jr Onc.ban Bay; the dreamy rambles Jr followed on its heels; the flight of •J>-rinster ladv to England; his own love rHness then' the deep, unquestioning h:u K the woman; that quiet wedding -t Eirk Braddan; that brief spell of wed hißis?; then the dread news from home i;oh;s m-lit never to return. ];ali swept hack in swift pictures before mental sight, and he groaned in ang hi. How he had loved that dear, trust roman-child then, and how faithful •ji devoted he lmd meant to be all his uts to her. But fate had swept them sinner— had torn them apart, and he had inhfil along the path duty and ambition pointed out to him. lid vet he had not been altogether >afl!c« and knavish in his intentions. It -;s to save a ruined father from social ex racrion. a stricken mother from the pangs e: poverty, if not the hand of death, that b bad become a party to that alliance which, while it enriched him, had placed ;;-s: and opportunities in his reach. He bad thought of enriching by secret rsaas the woman he had abandoned. If ■is had lost the man to whom she had rhea all the treasures of her virgin soul i: should he her only loss. He would ■borer upon her a portion of the wealth he hi sold himself to gain, and with every nut satisfied, each luxurious craving of is woman's nature pandered to, she might hcontent. Nay he had even dreamed that h the days to come he might be able to riwethe woman of his heart to lend her ss'iothe double life he contemplated. He hi loved Madeline Grey alone—he had mined Mrs Wentworth for her money solely, and why should they be parted for ser on that account? But the Ploughman Bard with his pre dion wrote “that the best laid schemes si mice and men gang aft agley,’’ and so it ■!; with Bussell's foolish planning. He hi taken the step his father had urged Won him; a love-lorn woman, infatuated rich hi? splendid face and manly beauty, hi accepted his offer with eagerness; a grrt engagement had followed, then a pad wedding, after that a honeymoon of Hrcral months spent in the capitals of Itrope. Coming hack to his new home the erring -la had drifted with the stream into faich he had flung himself. Mrs Russell- Ifatworth was a very handsome woman ■till,and. although considerably older than -g spnuse. exceedingly fond of pleasure ! ,fl iull of social ambitions. She loved t:; very ground upon which Frederic Ru - -H set his feet; she could not bear to be «of his sight for many hours together; [:ewas passionately jealous when another woman praised her huslmid or was S' hun; and the very ardour of her at tachment to him soon made his wife’s en -nratnts cloy upon him. . Ibe terms of Mrs Wentworth’s first hus- Pm’s wiil had made it imperative that a?successor should assume that name, having swallowed so many greater propels, Frederic Russell had not strained s ‘that detail; hence, after his marriage F‘“ the widow lie had been known as Mr' tecll-Wcat.wortli only. a short time the greatly-sinning and Pen-daring man had some grounds for bo t-ivmg that his step had been a justifia-n? JJ-- ms father’s small business had ' -'.en *j»ea over, with all its responsibilities, and •feorbed by the Pentonmoor Iron Com- PJ 3 !'; his father himself had been appoint ‘ 35 general manager of the firm at a SAi salary,- and seeing his ailing mother Wed beyond the possibility of want the . if hnd attempted to appease the stings •conscience with that sop. ..fiance-forward Russell-Wentworth had ‘flown himself heart and mind into the llJn c '" "d'ich he found himself master. Tim the wishes of his wife he ,1 nave cuf himself almost adrift from J ! oupniess entirely, and devoted himself J of social enjoyment and political ooition. But he urged that he was too yet to enter Parliament; that the foie °f the business required reconstruc ‘ 3 and placing on a modern basis ; that a fortune was to he made out of the con- Jr ! n ten years’ time with prudence and handling of their means; and reeeiv s grudging assent from Mrs Eussell ii ntl ''°rth, he had bent to his task with m energy 0 f one whose fortune required 10 be won. a year’s time the iron world was talk tif 01 i‘ le work Russell-Wentworth m ttn dertaken aud was executing at Pen »2S? r * The new master was a man of ieF i i na ' a bilit>- and fertility of idea; “ a .d the advantage of a sound pro training, although, hitherto, the te- i ;s 0E lather’s means and busi ecl- la: * afforded him no scope for his Tts J® cs ;, nd innovations; but now with at his command he could ; 113 own will and show the world the Qi,°‘ w hich he was made. 3- ‘J’ out-of-date furnaces were swept fj,!’ ?J 'd the most modern structures e n-a i n bheir place; the latest maclrn- Processes were introduced in forge, machine shop; the best iron jL‘?! 111 all the different branches were , om every quarter of the United I J; " UO|, J hy good wages anti offers of regu «U!iT ni r' mL ‘ n t : and in the course of a da ni c ( . .'ears Pentonmoor was looked up tfetpet 10 ccn^re °f the greatest, the com bhen at a blow almost Mr Russell ,iVi*i,;''or 1 had lost both his parents. pasi P j n a "‘ ee k his father and mother had tOTjja a .way, and the only- solace the sor »as Iron master found at their graves ifl’oJ f bh° u Sht that in sinning he had ’■’'a * l® bke end of their lives more a I’ ear of their alliance a son had *(*th and rs Russell-Went itjfgA bn® child was named Russell after ?lt>rv a iK i Hie baby was the pride and W srwe - niother’s days. Somehow, the Cof affection of his spouse had PUtcai 'a the ironmaster one reci “liied affection; his heart was with the woman he had wooed so Whw'J) 071 E 0 easily and abandoned bo hastily afterwards; and be never -went in do £ °Vnf ? ver , «oa as gome fathers •Mni told lovllls t3l ° pother her child left ’ And then the years had slid bv swiftly. l i as !! ns cf e! »ch one had' seen the tC t 5 U i SSel 1 '^ entT '' ort 113 STOW born n f T w ere h ? d ’ bee ?r no lnore children ° f t le ,mi lllol1 ’ ■¥ rs Russell-Went worth was still as much in love with her handsome husband as ever; was still soli- CIO , IIE ihat he should figure in a higher world; and at the time this story opens there had been some talk of asking Mr Eus sell-Wentwortn to stand as a Parliament ary candidate for Pentonmoor at the next general election. Even those who knew the ironmaster best were prepared to swear that twelve years of unparalleled prosperity had nei ther set a single line of care on his noble features nor spoiled his generous nature in any way. But these good folk could but read what was written on the surface for all men to decipher. Handsome, wealthy, powerful, wed to a ' ?-W utl 1 '’ 5 f beautiful woman who was stnl in her prune, trith a. lusty son and heir, many hundreds of men at his com mand, and with scarcely a desire that he could not have gratified, still Mr Eussell \\\ entworth had hi 9 remorseful hours— days even, when the Black Dog Care sat upon his breast. Had he been a worse man that early sin would nave troubled him less than it did, n °t all. But he, had cherished high ideals all the days of his early manhood, •and then in a rush had been thrust into a course he had never contemplated follow mg. One step aside, and then the current had carried him on and on without the possibility of return. For a dozen years ho seemed to-have been living with the sword of Damocles suspend ed over his defenceless neck. On his return from his honeymoon he had spent the days in torture, half- expecting a woman to ce'n frout him in his very home crying, “This is the man I seek. He isran imposter, a law-breaker, a criminal. lam liis wife.”. . In those days he had known Ivhat it was to live a double life —'one with his i thoughts, the other with those about him 1 —ana afterwards he had wondered that the ! silently-waged internal strife had neither I seamed his face or bleached his hair. Prob- i ably his modiness at times when detected , was se-t down as being the outcome of the | great work he had in hand. j But the passing of the days and the com- ; ing of no calamity had worn the keen edge j from the sword of fear, and when time had so blunted that weapon that ho no longer shuddered at it, there was but the sting of i his conscience to prick him, and remind him that, despite his inability, bis suc ceses, his power and ambition, he was not quite so clean-handed as other men. Many a time and oft had the great iron- ' master been merely casting sops to his con science when the little 1 world in which he moved credited him with doing some noble or generous thing. He had placed himself in the forefront of every charitable and social movement which had the welfare of the masses at heart; had been generous in divers ways to an uncounted number of men, but always he had looked forward to a certain thing happening, in which case thoso good folk would say in his behalf, “Well, ho cannot be so bad, for see what he has done for us all!” And now the long-feared storm seemed gathering at last. Who could tell how soon it was to break? How much did this Simon Ellesmere know of the past? Why had he come to Pentonmoor? The very singularity of his coming had something strange, if not sinister, in it. The locket still lay in the ironmaster’s open palm. Ho looked at it again, and thought of that flying visit to the Isle of Man, which he had ventured a year after his second wedding. He had gone secretly —in disguise even—but had discovered no thing. Ivy House was empty-, deserted. Its tenants had flown, but no one could tell him whither. There came a low rat-tat at the door, and as Russell-Wentworth thrust the trin ket away one of the office-lads looked into the room. “A man to see you, sir.” “What name. Charles?” j “Mr Simon Ellesmere, sir.” “Then ask him to step this way.” The lad vanished, and his employer pre pared himself to meet the man he hungered so intensely to “pump.” 1 CHAPTER V.—THE IRONMASTER AND THE TR AMP. “Good morning, Mr Ellesmere,” Russell- Wcnbworth said affably. "I am pleased you have kept your appointment so promptly.” “Men in search of work, sir, cannot af ford to neglect an opportunity of finding it,” was the quiet answer .of the new comer: “That is so, and I wish all men would re member that point. I suppose you have found lodgings for yourself and boy?” “Yes. One of your foremen, Mat Broom field, who was so kind to us last night, lias taken us in till wo can suit ourselves. Now I am only anxious respecting the employ ment you were so good as to promise me.” “That is arranged in a way that will suit you, I hope. I have discovered that an as sistant is required in the store room, and I havo spoken to David Stockley about you. The wages will be four and twenty shil lings- a week, and that work will be much better in every way than laboring in the yard or shops.” gone to live with an. old spinster aunt of her3 at Chester. The tale went that the old lady had come into a goodisli bit of money owing to somebody’s death, and nothing would please her only the girl’s living with her. " And -the next thing we heard was that botn of them had left the country alto gether and gone to live in the Isle of Man. tsut tney hadn’t been there long, it seems, before Miss Dorothea—that was the old ( },I? name, sir—well, they’d not been in ii J f-?nn very long before the aunt was called back again about some matters con nected with her property, and, as it turned °nt, she never went back to Manxland.” • that?” Russell-Wentorth broke x*’ I knew both, ladies. It was in the. Isle of 'ilan that I met them/' Well, you shall bear how it came about, sir. While staying with some friends the old lady was taken ill—so seri ously ill, in fact, that Miss Madeline was sent for, and shortly after she came back her aunt died. Then the poor girl drifted back to Sandycroft, and after a while be gan to teach in the village school. It ap pears that the property had belonged to the aunt -for life only, aiid wben she died it went back to some other member of the family. “But Ido knew how it ended. My wife and Mis3 Madeline had been friends for many years, and ultimately she came to live with us. But she never seemed the samo girl after her aunt’s death. Folks aid say tiuat some kind df wastinr disease ran in the family. I only noticed that she was thinner and paler and quieter than of old—just like a woman with some great trouble pressing on her mind. But she never complained, and when she died my wife found this locket, sir, lying next to her heart. The recital ended as evenlv as it had been commenced, but ere the speaker had finished, the other man was pacing about the room with slow, agitated strides. “"Was that all, Simon Ellesmere?” Rus sell-Wentworth asked as he paused near his visitor’s chair and looked him through ana through with' burning -inquisitive eyes. ‘‘All, sir,” was the impassive answer! What more could there be?” "But was I quite forgotten? Was mv name never on her lips when she died?” ‘ “I cannot tell you that, sir, for I was not present when she died. But mv wife was, and She never told : me anything. Was there, may I ask, sir, if there was any reason why Madeline Grey should have re membered you at bucli a time?” ‘‘There was—and yet—perhaps it was nothing. • All women do not remember ever}- young fool they meet!" With that half-bitter, half-cynical re tort, the ironmaster turned away, measur ing the words he had yet to say. In his chair Shnon Ellesmere waited. * Perhaps he divined that the end was to come. Sud denly Russell-Wentnvorth paused at his side again, saying: "Nov, let mo toll you mv part of the story as it affects your old friend, Madel ine Grey. There is little to tell, still, it is only fair that you should hear it, Elles mere. I was spending a long holiday in the Isle of Man when I met Miss Greyand her aunt. Some trifling service I was able to render to the young lady put us all on a footing of friendship. You may imagine what followed. Madeline Grey was one of tho best and sweetest creatures God ever created, and certainly tho most beautiful one I had ever seen. “In a few weeks time I was madly in love with her, and I had reason to believe that my affection was returned. We met often, and some of the happiest and purest days of my life were spent by her side. But tile old lady knew nothing of our love, and it appears now that she never knew. One day we quarrelled about something—l for get what now—and we parted in anger never to meet again. But, of course, I never dreamt that we were parting for life. “And just at that time I received an ur gent message which called mo home. My mother had been seized with paralysis, my father’s affairs -were in ruin, so in my ‘is tressed state I hurried away without at tempting to explain or make peace with Madeline; and tho trouble and bustle of the ensuing weeks kept me from writing to her. And when I did write my letters wero returned to me marked ‘Gone, left no address.' “I suppose that would be about the time Madeline was called away to her dying aunt’s side; and smno months later when I revisited the island, I found the place closed where they had lived, and could not trace them. That, Simon Ellesmere, is the truth, as God is my judge 1” the ironmaster cried with quite a dramatic fervour. “A strange story, sir—and—sad enough.— like a good many life stories,” said Simon, with a faint, inscrutable half-smile. “It is over now and we must forget it. But I am glad to havo heard your version of the matter.” “But what I havo told you in confidence to-day, Simon Ellesmere, must never be re peated. For the first time for thirteen years the name of Madeline Grey has crossed my lips. But for the strange news you had to give mo this morning this con versation would never have taken place. I havo lifted the curtain which covers an episode of my past which will never be raised again. But I trust you, aud know you will respect mv wishes.” “Your confidence will be respected, sir.” “Thank you. Now good morning. Here is the note to Stockley that I mentioned.” “Good morning, sir, and thank you’. But the docket? If you wish I will leave it with you now.” “Not now. Keep it and treasure it, Ellesmere, till I ask you to give it to me.” “I will.” With that Simon Ellesmere turned from the office of the ironmaster, and as he went slowly down the stair that dim, inscrutable ghost of a smile was again hovering about his eyes and lips. (To be continued.) I thank you very much, sir! Ellesmere said, thankfully." And when may I start?” "To-morrow morning. But I will give you a note'to Stoekley before you go, and he’ll arrange about your duties. And that lad of yours,” the ironmaster went on. "How old is he?” j "Just twelve.” j "Well, if you give satisfaction, and make ' up your mind to settle down among us, we must try to find him something to do about the works.” “Again I thank you, sir. It is quite cer tain I shall stay here—that is, if I give satisfaction, and’ you permit me.” "Well, 1 hope so. And now, Mr Elles mere, will you take that seat? I must con fess that you astonished me somewhat this morning, and I should like to have some conversation with you.” "I am at your service, Mr Eussell- Went wortli.” Simon answered as he took the chair indicated, "and X shall be pleased to tell you anything I know.” The ironmaster busied himself a moment or two at hi3 ornate and highly-polished mahogany desk ere he seated himself. Since Simon Ellesmere’s arrival the em ployer had been studying his new servant with some care. He prided himself with being a born reader of men, and yet there was somthing about his companion he could not quite fathom. Now that ho was refreshed and tidied up Ellesmere was most presentable even good- looking. He seemed to be of the iron master’s own age, but was shorter and more broadly set; he was dark-haired, dark-faced, had good, strong features and a thick moustache. But the man’s face was a mask behind which strong passions might lurk unseen. This last matter was an element of unrest to the other even at that moment. i "This is the locket you left with me this ! morning, Mr Ellesmere,” Russell-Went- I worth remarked smoothly as he crossed the intervening space and placed the trinket i in the other’s extended palm. “I daresay you would not care to part with it now, having kept it all these years?” "To no one but yourself, sir.” "Then some day I will receive it from you and you shall name your own price. Now let us speak of the woman whose por trait that locket contains." The iron master’s voice was quite smooth now, and he had perfect control of himself in every way. “You would know long ago. I sup pose," he went on, “that I and Madeline Grey were once very well acquainted—were in fact, close friends, ay, more than friends even ?” "I did not know,” was the suave rejoin der, and the man’s face never moved. a muscle; "but I always suspected that this locket contained the likeness of a pair of lovers. But, of course, I nevet knew who Madeline Grey’s lover was. She never spoke of him, and she had been dead many years before I guessed the truth.” "Before you guessed the -truth?” Rus sell-Wentworth said, and his eyes flashed a note of interrogation as well as his words. “I mean, sir, that I never dreamed who Madeline Grey’s sweetheart could be until I saw that portrait of yours in the paper of which I spoke of this morning.” “Ah! I understand. But will you tell mo all you know respecting her? I dare say I needn’t explain the interest I still feel in everything concerning her." "I think I understand you, sir,” was the sympathetic response. ' "Well, I can tell you in a few minutes all there is to be told. I have already said that Madeline and myself were brought up together in the same village from being children. We played togtther, went to school together, and afterwards, when she had blossomed at eighteen into a rarely beautiful girl, I daresay my head was filled, as young men’s heads are, with impossible dreams. "Well, it was impossible, and Madeline told me so; and somehow we remained friends still, for in my disappointment I married another woman, and that must have made Madeline think that I’d for gotten her. But that wasn’t so, for I loved her always—and I loved her even’ when she died in any wife’s arms. "But I’m skipping my story, sir,” Elles mere went on, with a glance at un moved handsome face before him. "Be fore I was married,” he went on, "Mad eline Grey had left the village for good and 