WAS SHE A COWVARD. 'Tea in the hall to-night, Reggie ! called Nora Lynne to her brother, as he went bounding upstairs. 'Right you are !' he answered cheerily ; and Norah ran down to her mother's room. She opened the door, and popped in her head. 'Little mother, tea is just ready.' 'I shall be down in a minute, darling. I am looking out some things for poor little Eunice. Her box has never arrived.' A cloud came over the girl's bright face, and as she closed the door, she said impatiently : ' Bother Eunice ! I wish she had never come !' She descended the broad staircase cautiously, for, to her astenishment, there was no light below. Looking over the banisters, she saw a group of people round the old fashioned hearth, with no other light but the glowing fire, listening eagerly to an old lady. .Norah stole' noiselessly down, and, creeping along, suddenly jumped up behind them. There were various exclamations of terror, and from one corner a half suppressed shriek. Norah's elder sister, Vera, a tall, exceedingly pretty girl, said in con temptuous tones : 'Really, Eunice, you are absurd ! You are frightened at every shadow nowadays.' Norah had turned up the light, and a girl, with a pale face and great; dark eyes, dressed in mourning, flushed hotly as all eyes turned on her. Before she could speak, however, Robin Graham, a cousin of the Lynnes, who often made his home at The. Towers for weeks at a time, answered for her: 'Well, for my part, I was just as much startled as Miss Eunice; and I Sthink Norah is a most substantial shadow i' In the general.laugh which followed, Eunice gave Rob a grateful glance, which he answered by a look which had a great deal more than ordinary friend ship and sympathy in it. While Norah was dispensing tea, gentle Mrs Lynne came and seated her self amongst them. 'Well, and 'what have you all been chatting about ?' 'Ghosts,' said Bertha Clarke, in a sepulchral voice. ' Yes,' said Aunt Charlotte, laughing. 'I was telling them about the ' Lady of Fern Glade." Ernest Villiers now spoke : 'You were, indeed, Miss Massing, and I expect you will be responsible for many a sleepless eye to-night. Mrs Lynne, have you no ghost here-this is the very house for one ?' 'Vera is next to the ghost;room,' answered Mrs Lynne; ' at least, next to the passage.' Vera smiled rather loftily, and said : 'Why, yes, the room in the east tower is supposed to be haunted ; but the ghost has not troubled me so far. No; I. will not tell the story to-night. Aunt Charlotte has made everyone creep quite enough, 'and we might have hysterics' Poor Eunice knew this cutting re mark was intended for her, but said nothing ; and Reggie came. bounding down the stairs at that moment, and created a general diversion. The towers was a lovely old grey stoner house, covered with ivy and roses. It was curiously built; there was a square block in the centre, and on each side a round tower. A bal cony ran right round the second floor, with a staircase at each end, leading on to the broad gravel path. The building was all castellated, even the stables being built in the same style, and the whole place was most picturesque. The girls had all been for a long walk, and went early to bed, leaving the gentlemen to play billiards. Eunice slept in the room next to Vera's, and apparently the end of the passage was a blank. Those who knew the house, 'however, pressed a button in. the dark oak panelling and a door slid back, revealing another narrow passage, with a door; in which was a tiny window at the end. This led into the east tower, which was at present in disuse. Though Eunice was tired, her' brain. was working too actively to let her feel sleepy, and, taking a chair, she sat down by the fire, not making any atiempt to undress. ' I wish I had never come here !' she said aloud, bitterly. 'True, I did not know where else to go ; but they I do not uriderstanr.d.' A mouse suddenly rustled a piece of paper in a corner, and the wind blowing a piece oh ivy across the window, made a gentle tapping on the pane. Eunice uttered a cryof fright; then as nothing happened and she realised what had frightened her, she gave a little sobbing laugh. ' When shall I ever be brave again ? Rob, Rob, you are the only one who has patience with me ! Oh, I know you love me !' A tender look had come into her face, when suddenly there was an agitated knock at the door, which startled her afresh. Before she had time to answer, Vera, in her dressing gown, with her hair down and white, startled face, rushed into the room. ' Eumnce, Eunice, Ilam so frightened l I heard the ghost in the tower room i' 'You believing in ghosts? Nonsense, Vera !' Usually Vera would have bitterly resented this laughing tone from her cousin: but to-night she was too thoroughly terrified to mind any thing. \- ' Don't laugh ! There is someone there I Come into my room, and listen !' Eunice consented, making a violent effort to conquer he nervousness, and hand in hand the two girlsmade their way to Vera's room. They had stood for many minutes, when a sound, as of some person moving stealthily about, was heard, accompanied by low, blood curdling laughs. Vera clutched Eunice, in an agony of terror. The two seemed to have changed places. Eunice, usually so timid and nervous, stood erect and brave in a protecting attitude beside the generally proud and fearless Vera. Again the moving was heard, and a rustling of paper, and weird chucklings and noises. 'I must see who it is,' said Eunice quietly. 'That is no ghost, Vera. Give me the key of the passage door.' Si Vera gave it to her trembling. I Pressing the button, and thus re aling the passage, Eunice then stole ,, noiselessly along, and looked cautiously in at the tiny window. The sight which met her eyes froze her with horror. In the middle of the room crcfuched a figure, apparently a man, in torn and tattered garments. His hands were all scratched and bleeding, and his face was puckered up with delight at the pile of paper and wood which he was building up on the floor. Beside him lay a box of matches. Eunice turned with her finger on her lips, and it was not till she reclosed the passage door that she said in a quick, low voice to Vera- 'That man is an escaped lunatic, and goodness only knows what he may do next. Your window is not far from the balcony. Come ! I must get out there.' When she was safely outside, she said : . 'Now, Vera, run as quickly and quietly as you can, end tell Rob and the others to come. I am going round to the room window to watch.' Vera protested feebly at leaving her alone, but, as Eunice'justly observed, help must be fetched, and she could do no good by staying. She turned away, and Eunice crept noiselessly along the balcony. As she had expected, she found the window wide open. It was not far from the ground, so, drawing herself up on to the sill, she jumped lightly in. The lunatic, for such he undoubtedly was, looked up in astonishment; but before he could speak Eunice s?iid pleasantly : ' Good evening. Are you goibg to make a nice fire ?' - The man grinned. 'Yes, yes,'.such a fine fire. See how the paper will burn, the floor will crackle, and there will be such a blaze, such beautiful big flames.' ' Yes,' said Eunice, controlling a shudder. ' I like a big blaze too.' 'See wi't I have here. It smells so nice, and when I pour it on it will fizz an'd hiss and flare up.' The man held out a large can of turpentine for her to look at, and then turned to the window to open it. Eunice had crossed to the other side of the room, and now desperately wondered what she could do. He had putia match to the pile, and it was blazing' merrily. Once let the turpentine he poured on, and the whole tower might be ablaze before help came. With one brief prayer to. God for courage and strength, she .suddenly scattered the blazing pile, and as,;the man turned in surprise at the sound, she dashed the can out of. his hands and instantly seized both his wrists, holding them with a grasp of iron. In the first minute of the man's amazement she' had time to see that the can had rolled out of reach of the flames, and was still tightly corked. Then began a fearful struggle for life. The maniac's face was contorted with rage and hatred. He tried to force her down, but she had set her back against the wall, and 'kept her footing. Then putting down his head he bit savagely at the slender hands. Again and again he bit till the flesh was torn and bleeding, but still the grasp never relaxed. But Eunice at last felt herself grow ing weaker and fainter, a mist came before her eyes, and her head swam. Suddenly the man forced her. on her knees, her eyes closed, and just as figures came bounding .up the steps and in at the window she lost conscious ness. When.she next awoke, she found herself in bed, and smiled feebly at Mr Lynne, who stood by her. ' Thank heaven you are better, my dear." At first Eunice could not remember anything, and then all came back to her, the dreadful scene she had passed through. Some weeks later, as she was sitting in the drawing room, weak, but happy as Rob's affianced wife, they had a long talk about that dreadful night. 'Rob, I wanted to explain to you why I alway's seemed such a coward.' ' I never thought you one !' said Rob indignantly. 'No; you were the only one who seemed to. understand there must be some reason for it. We had a lunatic in the house, an orphan ward of father's who had suddenly gone mad ; only mother could not bear to send him to an asylum, and as I was the one he obeyed most I generally looked after him. Occasionally he got fearfully violent fits, and twice he nearly killed me. In his last fit hetried to stab me with a knife nurse had dropped, and fell down dead. But enough of that, it is all past, and everyone here is so good to me now.' 'They might well .be, considering my brave little woman nearly lost her life saving theirs. I shall never forget my feelings when I saw that brute over you. He had escaped a whole week before, and his great mania is to burn everything. The boards had just caught, and if that turpentine had been poured on, the whole room would have been in a blaze.' 'Poor Vera, she could not find you in the garden, and she was so afraid.' She raised her bandaged hands, and looked at them wistfully. Then, with a shy glance at Rob, and blushing all over, she said : ' I wish mi fingers would haste and get well, or you won't be able to get the ring on !' 'You darling !' said Rob, and Norah. corming in at that moment, beat a hasty retreat, smiling at what she saw. 