A Whirl through Batavia. Many "Queenslander" readers will re-<*> member the pretty little story of "Cynthia," written by Mrs. Howard Campbell for our last Christmas number. They will be interested to hear that her contributions to home magailnes are well received by the reading public. Mr. and Mrs. Campbell left for Scotland a few months ago, and the follow ing artlclei " A Whirl Through Batavia," which we abridge from " Temple Bar" of July, WBB written by Mrs. Campbell on the homeward voyage :— The Ship had stopped in the night, and when we came on deck in the morning we found ourselves part of a picture—a picture in the most incredibly vivid greens, in won derful yellows and purples, red moss-grown houses and white marble palaces, and tower ing groves of palms rising out of n tropical undergrowth of ferns and mosses to a sky that showed -almost violet, between the banked-up masses of white cloud, that had last night emptied themselves on all this wealth of verdure. And we lay on an opal sds where every kind of craft reflected itself in the long, smooth waves. All the great ocean liners, blue, yellow, and white funnelled; while flying crowds of sampans, high in the bows, and dangerously low In the stern, with gaily-painted sides, passed back and forward lUe «M£W and passengers a perfect feasyvf artiittarcdtaur, tneir great hats standin^oft\^"T*t*^ia£wtheir frail craft, like bfratWadsrjOf inYpASßime fungi. W« went &tef;\ breakfast tnrough all this novel. pic*iraigokne&BV;.at .raciftg stoeed, iv the agent's 3\<&rnk; launfehjr-an j&acJlronisin; which annoy ed\»sV*ry mtfqfk'ry Cmcebahore, we felt like Anfce Jh* a n«W, Mewildtr'.ntr Wonderland. We\jr^s^UbjMl»/laJeßty of the Law in a most gftfctousynijprin, girt by a belt of red silk, mrmiatWelTdepended an enormous sword, that tripped up his naked brown toes as he hurried up to us. We- were not quite sure if we ought to curtsey or cry> hut we compromised the matter by smiling on him, till he allowed us to paBS, being assured we did not wish to smuggle iv anything wherewith to slay the infoabiitarits. The inhabitants were so beautiful that we wonder anyone could do avght but atfmlre them. We stood in the station beside the funny little toy trains, and watched the crowd passing. There went a Chinese grandee, in royal-blue silk, his pigtail hanging to his heels, a fan fluttering in his yellow fingers. Behind him a Japan ese fruit-seller, his face tanned the colour of leather, scarcely visible beneath his huge, cone-shaped hat' of woven straw. Then came a Dutcli- offlcered regiment of natives, the Dutchmen pallid as ghosts, inarching in warlike array of blue and yellow beside their men, who paddled along gravely on their bare brown feet; the con trast between theiee flat bnwn feet and the murderous panoply they carried was so funny that we hurried away,, in order to smile. A laughing group of pretty native girls, in gay Barongs, swept past us, carrying great bundles of flowers in their brown arms ; then a quaint-looking person ordered us into our carriage, tbo little engine gave a unotheifd shriek, ana we were off for Batavia. Batavia is the prettiest place In the world, such a succession of pictures we saw out of that little window ! Fairy people went along the. pretty red roads between tall palms and pepper-trees ; canals—never-end ing canals !—with flat boats, sluggishly creeping along the green banks, laden with grain in the ear, fruit, and flowers ; painted sampans shot along beside us en the yellow water, the squatting figure in the stern waving a dark hand in greeting, as he stopped paddling for a second while we flew past, balancing bis great hat from side to side, as his boat rocked beneath the cocoa palms, whose tall top* almost reached Into the cloud-flecked sky, from which now and again we caught a glimpse of the scornful peak of the great volcano which will one day bury Java. Presently we steamed languidly into the funniest little station we ever saw, and walked into the street, where we hired a delightful conveyance, like a grown-up go cart. The driver, gorgeous in a pink sarong and a red jacket trimmed with purple leavea, sat on the front seat, and we sat behind on a cithion which must have evolved itself, it was co little adapted tor real life. Away we went at full gallop along a brown road towered with trees, and were whirled straightway into what seemed a dream. It was the Chinese New Year's Day, and all the people, clad in their holiday clothes, crowded the pretty streets—they were hav ing " Rama-Rama>V feasting, and singing. We tore round a corner, and there, right en the left of us, flowed along, between their vermilion-tinted walls, the yellow waters of the never-ending canals which make Batavia the Venice of the Southern Sea. There had been a floVkl, as there always is during the monßoon, and the water swept along in a waveless stride that made one's brain swim to look at- it; and yet every here~Sß& there the mossy steps were crowded with people : the babies splashed about in the ochre-coloured flood, while the mothers fished with great round nets, and the men washed clothes, thrashing them with great energy on the red steps, or up against the bright walls. Groups of fruit- sellers—all the most beau tiful things grown in Batavia—mangosteens, round and purple, overflowing tbe bamboo baskets ; rambotans, white and luscious in their red-brown prickly skins ; iuriens, wrapped carefully in their long, green leaves, and tied up tightly, to keep in their in tolerable odour. Golden bananas, mangoes —blushing pinkily beneath their black patches—and great pineapples. A native squats in a pea-green sarong, with a hat reaching out half-a-yard all round him. Beside him is a basket containing a heap of rolled- up leaves of a lovely bright green. Now and again cne of the gorgeously dressed crowd stops to buy, and he smiles up, with his black teeth showing between his blood-red lips. He is selling betel-nut. A3 wo whirl into a procession, we stand up and call out " Plan-plan," and our go cart shows down just a little before a temple, all vermilion and gold leaf, to watch it turn in, amidst a thunder of drum* and beating of gonga. A tall, Blende* youth, in a tight dress of daxzlingly-vlvid green, all covered with spangled embroidery, aaJls in first, hammering a huge goug. Aftes him comes a figure wearing a huge mask of diabolical ugliness, crowned and horned, with a Dutch flag, worn tied round his wafctj for a train, and held cut of the dust by two sweet little maidens in pink silk. AH the crowd grovel before him as ho sways abouti with his shaggy head wagging fearfully! Into the dark temple they all go, a maze of brightly-clad figures, all more or leu beau tiful, all strange and startling. Then the gongs burst out after a short silence, tbe, doors shut to, and we are away again. We tear along thunderously over a wooden bridge, and draw up before a pillared por tico in a soft, green space, where the birds are whistling a long, sweet, melancholy, note in the pepper-trees. This is the Hotel Netherlands, where we are to have lunch. We croßß the marble hall, through a crowd of lazy-looking pallid men and plain, fat women, who are rocking tranquilly to and fro, and enter a glaes-roofed hall, where pome Javanese, in their paiuted petticoats* are lazily laying the table. We are shown to a rcora which contains one chair, a huge bed containing nine bolsters, known, wo are told, as " Dutch Wives." There is a washatand, with a basin about the size of half-a-crown, a jug with about a pint of water, and no soap. We think it lacks Orientalism, and stray, into the courtyard, and look at the little Queen of Holland, sitting under a fountain, with the water trickling down her pretty, nose. Presently a door ripens, and a uub stantial- looklng lady, wearing a native sarong, her bare feet thrust into pattens, and her thin hair flying untidily around 'her, conies out and inspects us. She is interested evidently, and goes away for an other lady, almost as fat and untidy as her self ; they have a moßt animated-conversa tion, and then the first conies waddling up, and places her fat hands round our waists ; we don't wear a corset, however, and her astonishment is great. She re tires, shaking her head—Buch a walßt!— in a land where forty inches 1b small. A Bmart little victoria comes up, which we are told is for us ; and we jump in, and i are off again. We have two ponies this time, and go faster than ever along tbe smooth streets, under the great, drooping branches of the flowering trees. Wherever we turn our eyes there is a long vista of , kaleidoscopic groups ; colours that change in restless fire of crimson and gold ana i scarlet —a shifting, mobile throng—brown skins, and flashing eyes, and Sower-braided 'hair. We roll on through another proces sion—Javanese women this time—gliding along in their shimmering silks, covered with jewellery, and crowned with flowers. One of them is beating a triangle with an air of such absolute delight that. we cannot Help laughing ; and she laughs galjy back, her great eyes glowing, and her snowy, teeth showing between her pretty scarlet lips. May she never chew betel ! We arrive at tba Museum, and are met by an ancient native, who looks as if be ought to be under a glass shade himself. He bows down to the marble floor, and con ducts us behind the great carved and gilded screen which runs across the hall, and we turn down the first of the long corridor* that run parallel to the garden. In these corridors is thrown, higgledy-piggledy, with out system or arrangement, the most valu able collection of Eastern curiosities in tbe world. > In the first are Hindu gods—Buddha, calm, and serene ; Ganesh, with his trunk coiled up before him ; Vishnu, and Krishna, sur rounded by stone devils of quite appaling ugliness. We walk slowly through into tbe next hall, and bring up face to face with a horribly realistic representation of a man who is being torn aßunder by horses, presumably wild ; a leg and arm Is fastened to each horse, and the victim lies smiling woodenly on his back between them. Be side him, another man is being passed through two huge wooden rollers, like a gi gantic mangle. His head, which has passed through, is crushed flat, and the artist who carved him has not spared the red paint. Next comes a poor wretch, bound band and foot, on to whom the executioners are slowly lowering a kind of pressing-board, loaded with great iron weights—and then a bound figure seated astride an enormous sword ; so long as he remained upright he would live, but when the poor brain lost its balance, and the tortured body swerved !—the awful ness if it suddenly came home to us, and we looked around, to see horrible death In every conceivable form of cruelty surround ing us ; the wooden men and women seemed as if they might at any moment bunt Into shrieks and groans of unutterable agony. The silent eyes, the suggestive trails of crimson, and the malignant alertness of the carved executioners, M«m«d as If Just wait ing to start into life. The horrors c&tne; upon us, and we ran down the echoing inarfale pavement into the arms of the ancient native, who invited; us to inspect a collection of masks taken after death from criminals Who had died by the law. We turned from the line of horribly distorted faces, and ran into the last corridor, which we found full pf beautiful robes and painted aaronga—the long pieces of cloth which serve the Malay as garments. They are usually made of very One cotton, and painted or stamped In curious and pretty designs in greens, blues, and wonderful rich shades of red and brown."" There was, too, an amusing collection of wooden dolls, made and dressed during the Bnglish occupation, in the fashion of that time. The pinched waists and great chig nons looked very funny—evidently the Java nese idea of European beauty.. - .., . We inquired for the golden throne of the recently-conquered king of Lombok, but failed to make ourselves understood, our only Malay being '• Plan-plan" and " Piggl" —neither of which lend themselves to much conversation. We went from the Museum to the hotel for lunch, or what they call " Riß-tafel" in Batavia, which is, we thought, the most ex traordinary meal in the world. Batavia is full of queer things, but the queerest is " Ris-tafel." When you alt down to partake of this meal, you have before you three plates, one on the other, the topmost being a very large •oup-plate. Presently comes £urry-and-rice —you must take plenty of rice ; then fish, fowl, beefsteak, lettuce, hard-boiled eggs, a sweet preserve -like jam, mincemeat, cu cumber, and raw onions, split chillies, tinned, salmon, fried bacon, Bhoulder of mutton in white sauce, and about twenty condiments of unknown material. All these you take and mix bravely in the soup-plate. If one survives, a waiter rewards one with a pine apple fritter, without any sugar, and no thing to eat it with, the solitary knife and fork having vanished with the soup-plate. Then there is a rice-pudding, more potatoes, more aalad, followed by raw beefsteak, and then fruit. We had some rambotans, looking like potatoes in their Jackets, and tasting like over-ripe pears. Pomoloes, pink and Juicy, bananas, and Jack-fruit; and that queen of all fruits, the dainty, delicious mango steen. Then we had coffee, served In tiny cups, fragrant and hot. The Dutch ladies, in their sarongs and kabaic, their bare feet and legs thrust under the table, were still eating when we rose to go, and we no longer Wondered at their inches. We got into our carriage again, and were whirled out Into fairyland once more ; along a road Hoed with little white marble palaces, their gardens laid out In Chinese fashion, with great blue vases and quaint pots, full of flower*. We can see into the emerald courtyards, overgrown with fragrant creepers, bowered in foliage, flower-grown and odorour. Then we drive Into a group of natives squatting on their heels round a large bronze pot, which bubbles full of rice over its roadside flre ; the rice is dished up on segments of banana leaves, and eaten with tho fingers. We pass a flic of convicts, dietsed in brown, marching along Indiffer ently, tied together with twine, and fol lowed by a sleapy-looking soldier. Sud denly we sweep Into a great green space— this la the " Place of Remembrance of Waterloo," in the midst of which a stone lion roars Into the tropic sky, the record of those who died on that gory field of Hol land. All around are the palaces of the governor and the military—no vulgar rich are admitted Into this sacred haunt, it is for the high-born alone. We get such a whiff of durien here that wo rise with one accord, and cry out, "Piggl! Piggi! Piggi!" And w« tear away by the vermilion banks of the eaaal. There Is another proeesfclon-i-ellks, •nd jewels, and flowers, the beating of gongs and blowing of horns ; and we are in the " King's Drive." A lovely wide road, with the trees, meeting overhead, and great marble houses, cool and white, on each side, their door all open and courtyards wide to the casual passer-by. Endless lines of little carriages, full of limp-looking Dutch chil dren ; droves of heavily-laden fruit-sellers, their baskets Jerking from the bamboo pole they carry across their lean shoulders. Japanese women, painted and Jewelled, their black hair stuck full of silver bodkins, and their lips painted Into a crimson pout; portly yellow Chinamen, in bright blue silk; and throngs of pretty little native children, chattering In soft Malay. Down a narrow aide-street we catch % passing glimpse of huddtad-up vermilion roofs, jumbled In pic turesque confusion ; amidst the green and purple of the flowering trees there is a little temple, with an appalling smell of gunpowder ; vividly-clad groups round an acacia tree, beneath which a funny-looking coffee-coloured gentleman, dressed in a pink •aroog, Is having bis head shaved while be smokes a big cigar. An ever- changing procession of natives travels along, coming and going ; betel-nut vendors squat happily on the roadside : sweetmeat-sellers, fruit-sellers—more pots of rice on their little fires ; little squares 1 of carpet covered with cakes, Chinese shops full of fireworks, and "throngs of gally-at tired Chinese children. Vegetable-sellen, tramping along silently, wrth immovable bronze faces beneath their great hatß, cigar in mouth, -their baskets 'overflowing., with crisp lettuce and radishes. Temples ver milioned and covered with golden letters, and the houses 'of the Chinese merchants decorated with red paper and etrewn with crackers. A little farther on we see a fat Dutch girl, clad airily in a curt chemise, sitting oh a garden wall, with the franglpanni dropping its white blossoms on her bate shoulders; She waves a fat hand placidly, as if to as sure us she felt quite at ease. By tome magic we are presently at the hotel again. We enter to another- feast of fruit and tea, which is as bad as the coffee is good. . . We hurry still faster, and suddenly the rain comes—not in a .civilised drissle at first, just to give notice of its arrival, but a tropical downpour, which seems prophetic of another deluge—an unreasoning prodi gality, considering how much it is wanted elsewhere—in New South Wales, for in stance. . When we get to the fetation we have great difficulty In getting a ticket, or a train to go by. In Batavia we fancy no one ever wishes to go anywhere, and they run the trains for fun. ■ • At last, however, we are off, being the sole passengers, and reach.Priok in a moist, and thoughtful mood <j- There 1s no launch at the wharf; so we hire a flawpan, and put off in the rain, the tide throwing us this way and that, as our gimcrack toy-boat goes wkh the waves. There is a man sitting in the stern, with a paddle about the site of a soup-ladle, and another in the bows, with a long oar. They rig up a little canopy over our umbrella, and we sit and enjoy the novelty of it. Sometimes the man with the oar whirls us round tbis way, and sometimes the man with the paddle whirls us that, and in an hour we reach the ship, just in time to see a portion of the army scflftnble down the companion, with a torrent of water pouring off his helmet and spoiling his pretty uni form. We wave him a tearful farewell, as the ship gets up steam and moves away slowly down the harbour, where the lights are beginning to twlukle out amongst the cocoanut-palms. It rains as if it was as sorry as we are to leave the prettiest coun try in the world. A feast to the eye. and a Joy to the heart—may we return there again at some future day. Vale Batavta ! 