THE FLUNG SQUADRON. ' It's an awkward business, lake il how you will," Allansford was saying. I've nn belief in black republics ; on the other band, if the Slates do annex, they'll annex another big factor to that unniemionahle trouble, the nigger question.' I had formulated a simple and decisive policy to be puisued by the United Slates ancciil Cuba, and Allansford has subse quenily pointed out, with all the delicacy of intimate frendship, that cock-sureness was the result of an unblessed ignorance. 1 liul you surely own that things could 'not have been allowed logo as they have been going in Cuba ?' I replied. ' I'm free to own that. It sounds fait enough to hear a Spaniard say ihe States have no call 10 shove a hand into his pe ticular fish-tub. Hut ii's not the S'ates as llie Stales that are acting ; it's the Slates in the character of the nearest civilised power doing police-woik, the police-work you hear so much about in Europe with regard to Turkish affairs. Given the Cuban is six of one and the Spaniard half-a-dozen of the other, still it isn't in nature to stand by and watch crowds ol women and children die of dirt, disease, and famine because two sects of mottled scroundrels choose to carry on a linger ing guerilla warfare. The neutrals suffer, hut on the whole the other john nies enjoy themselves.' 'The Stales must get something for (heir trouble^ I said. ' No nation evet did anything without a quid pro quo nor ever will." 'There will be no difficulty about 'that; American police are accustomed to collect their own wages,' returned Allansford. ' I very much hope the States will see. their way to annexation* however, because there is only one other way out of that coil, and I've no special desire to see the foundation of another republic on the ground-plan of Cuba's eastern neighbor.' Allansford's piazza is the best place in Yellowtown, for there it is always- for Yellowtown-cool. In England the hour would have been the hour of after noon tea. In Yellowtown we had just arisen from a late siesta. Allansford was sitting on the threshold of the piazza, half on and half off the dark polished floor of the big darkened room. Outside the cliff fell fiooft. to the waters of the Paci fic, which inshore were pale and blue, but away beyond the thundering bar they heaved westwards in spreading . patches of violet. Allansford was amusing himself with a grotesque catapult, which may have been a weapon used by the aboriginal inhabitants of those parts; at any rate, it looked pre-historic. With this he fired at the turkev-buzzard perched on the many colored roofs of the corrugated "iron sheds in which the niggers lived on the beach below. A nigger came out bare-footed into the burning sand to see -what was disturbing the scavengers, and, catching sight of Allansford, gtinned and retired to his own galvanised oven again. Jt was Allansford's custom to tell the tally of the huts in which the yellow fever raged, evening by evening, just when the thick shoulder of the tropic night-cloud began to show itself above the horizon, and we smoked forlornly to be rid of mosquitoes, and argued to exhaustion for want of anything on earth to do. ' Now, I'll tell you what's the matter with Cuba,' went on Allansford; ' it's her position. She's not a beggar at (he door, like Crete ; she's not like a voice crying somewhere out in the night, and nobody's made it their business until now to get up and see what's the matter.' * We,' I said largely, identifying myself lor the moment with Europe, ' would have given her guaranteed automony long ago.' Allansford laughed rather scornfully, I thought. ' Very likely, and made the usual bad job of it. Cuba has no Porfirio Diaz, not even a Jaurez, or she would be free to-day: As it is, without a capable leader, Cuba would soon sink far below the level of the worst of the Central American republics.' . Below I Why below ?' 'Because as soon as (he war stopped tlic negro populatiun would get the upper hand, and they'd start a sister re public in Hayti, with Haytian laws and a shiny black President. The whites in Cuba don't see that yet, nor that their one ch nee of salvation lies by way of annexation-preferably to Mexico. The night drew on with a cooler breeze, and I locked niyself lazily, while the crickets, first one, then two, and then a dozen, set up their drowsy whirr. ' Those Haytians, now,' I said in the dusk, ' they're a bumptious crowd, I've heard.' ' Why, yes; once a nigger finds his head loose, he develops a burlesque am bition. Hayti once constituted itself into an empire, but it fell to pieces from natural causes. The Republic has an .immense public debt, more or less repu diated ; the currency is chiefly paper, and the greater part of that is forged. 1 lie history of Haytian politics would make incredible reading. Now il is not very generally known, but it's a fact, that once upon a lime the Haytian Republic saw fit to initiate a war against Russia, Germany, France, Italy, Sweden, Nor way, and every other Power with the exception of England and the United States of America. 'There were 110 foimalities observed, such JIS sending ultimatums or making declarations of war, and no shot was fired ; consequently there were no reprisals. Indeed, il is doubtful whether Russia, Gerin.ttiy, Krance, and the others ever knew ><l the petils which menaced them ; (hey rt.ilninly did not do so until thai peril lud mute a matter of merely hist") ical interest. Norway, in the person of lln; Spaniard who happened to be act ing as Norwegian Consul at the lime, ' may have had an inkling of ii, bccatise 1 of the lios ilc intentions openly avowed during a whole afternoon against a Nor- ; wegiau timber ship that had come up from the Mexican Gulf. Also, the war I I was to be purery naval war, and was ' undertaken in much the same spirit that j urges a young bull to battle by way of! testing bis new-gotten horns ; the It.irns ' in the case of Hayti being icpri-M-nled ' t>y their refxnilyaul'iued waiihtp, the Foudroyant, then lying at anchor in the haibor of 1'ort au Prince. 'The beginning of the trouble may be attributed to certain action taken by the liritish Government in Jamaica. They did seveial things which Huyti disap proved and disliked. So the Haylians said "Stop," hut in her customary, casual way England took no manner of notice, and went on as before. This .Jrovc the Republic to the consideration <>f (l.Tiiiiie measures. It immediately determined to become a naval Power, and cope with England on her own clement. The prime mover in the matter was General Deloncle, a large negro in cotton- print trousers and a itleiical hat. He was a general in the Republican army, and brimful of ambi tion. Also, he was a logician- and a Posit ivist. ' England,' he safd to the President, ' she great big Power--owns 100 ships unil 1000 jacklar. She make us do I what she want until we own one bunder anone ships and one-thousau-anune jaca-1 tar! Then-'' 'In this he merely staled the Haylian theory that the smaller number should always, on principle, run away. So it was thai the Republic set about becom ing a first-class naval Power, with the ultimate idea of twisting England's tail. 'Judged by the standard of some ol the surrounding States, the prospect be fore them opened out into an encourag ing and variegated vista of triumph. Venezuela at that time possessed, so tbey siy, but three gunboats ; one was without a boiler, another had no pro pellor, and the third not infrequently did duty-for a consideration-as lighter to , British shipping. 1 If the Haylians really meant busi ness, there seemed no reason why they should not become the sea-Power of the Caribbean and cover themselves with glory of the most superior kind. ' Such was the notion which prompted them to purchase their first warship. A new tax was at once levied, and they raised a handsome sum, four fifths of which went, as usual, to the State offi cials, and the remaining fifth was used to buy the nucleus of a navy. The Foudroyant, in the days before the Pre sident's wife rechristened her, had been a tramp in the Gulf trade, taking the Progress, Vera Cruz, and 'l'ampico route. She was a wooden ship, single screw, of about 1500 tons gross register, and a speed-on paper-of 10 knots, and she had.originally been the Susan Wroxliam, out of Cardiff. The Haytian Government bought her through her Vera Cruz agents, painted Iter white with a pink and pea-green streak, and a Nea politan-ice funnel-they are color-lovers in the Black Republic-clapped a cross spar on her mizzen roast, and after a little gold-work about her prow launched her as as a first-class cruiser of the Re public of Hayti. She carried a crew of 8o, and the only white men were the four engineers. ' The step to be taken next cquld not be hastily decided upon ; meanwhile the Foudroyant was utilised for saluting purposes. She was commanded, like everything else in Hayti, by a general. She took part in one review, and knock ed several yards of wharf into the harbor by loading up her big gun with ball in a mistake for blank cartiidge, and, in fact, taken altogether, was a source of real pride and self-gratulation to the Govern ment. ' You must understand that -Hayti is above all things military. She is the military Republic, by far the most un conditionally military Republic in the world. All the State departments are presided over by full generals. If you go ashore at Port au Prince and walk up the main street, a heavy percentage of the people you meet will be generals. So it was in the nature of things that the navy should be commanded by a gene ral. And it happened to be the same man, Deloncle, who had inaugurated the same spirite d policy in connection with England. ' For some months he rested on his laurels, and tasted to the full the de lightful distinction which his novel status conferred upon him. But by degrees the fickle public tired of their toy. There were changes in the Ministry, and the brand newness of the popuhr senti ment about the warship was wearing off, so that Deloncle found himself sinking into his old position of one general among many, instead of the sole and much admired general of the navy. In fact, the army began to regain its old ascendancy over the imagination of the people, the reason probably being that there was a sameness about ihe tactics of the Foudroyant: she never did any thing hut steam round the harbor and fire salutes, while the army held reviews into which a certain amount of novelty could be thrown in the way of manoeu vres and uniforms-especially uniforms. ' It struck Deloncle that the depar ture of the Foudroyant on a cruise in neighboring waters might revive the fad ing enthusiasm, the start to be celebra ted by playing of bands and firing of \- cannon, and his return made into a sort of triumphal entry, when his grateful country could do no less than give a bauquet in his honor backed by publie 1 illuminations. ' I ' He canned ibis through with success, | and it produced an excellent effect for the lime being. The warship made n 1 I number of comfortable little trips all within sight of land-quite a prolonged I ' cruise can be made in those crowded | seas without losing the land. But 011 I one occasion they adventurously altered their usual procedure and steamed clear. | They steamed 011 and on, taking up tedious horizons, for some three days ! j till thty did not know where they were, I | and the navigating colonel began to be vaguely suspicious that they had sailed ot|l into some new and limitless ocean. At length, to everyone's relief, a cloud of land appsared in the oiling, which presently evolved itself into a liule sun scorched town, sitting oil a cushion of green inside the sand-rim, They put in alongside the whaif and asked what day of the uioDili il was, and alter sume fur ther diplomatic questioning tliey dis covered the name of the country they had arrived at. It was a comfort to find il to be Jamaica. In the course of a week, their confi dence being restored, tlicy paid a pilot to lake Ihem home again. After that they were regarded as local Nansens, and feted accordingly. Next, howevc, some ill advised person pointed out that fruit boats ply almost daily between Hayii and Jamaica ; hut then a fruit-boat isn't a warship, and the irrelevancy of the criticism was obvious." * * * * ' Vet the cffecl of even this daring venture wore away, while the supremacy ol ihe seas remained slill a dream, and hng'and went on making herself as ob noxious as ever. To add to this, Deloncle heard some very disquieting rumors. General lirutus Squadro, who happened to be his own specific rival, hud gone one better in the bid for popu larity. He had undertaken lo add to the defences of the island, and, owing as h; put it, 'to the criminal indifierence or il might he incapacity-nf the Minis try ,.f .Marine,' his chief design was to lay submarine mines in the harbor of I'oit au Prince, and so secure the capital frpm the dangers of foreign invasion. 1 Deloncle saw at once that this was a had business, for he knew that if ever he chanced to get into General Squadro's way, nothing could be more simple than ihe accidental discharge of a submarine mine, and there would be an end of Deloncle and his battleship. « At first he could think of no way of counteracting Squadro's plot. Day by day Brutus grew in favor with the populace, who loved him for the plans he was making, fac similes of which he had caused to be published in colors, so that the people might knovr what he was doing, and ap predate his patriotic labors. One evening Deloncle met Squadro in the harbor extension works. ' " I give you a good evening, Gene ral.' said Deloncle. ' I give you a most good evening, General, returned Squadro, with even more dignity. 'When the mines are finished, we shall sleep safe at Port au Prince.'. '" But there is no war," said Deloncle, sarcastically. ? " There may he next week or next month," explained Squadro. ' They looked each other up and down, and Deloncle, who was Oft. 2111., felt the courage swell in his heart. Squadro had given him just the hint he needed. ' That night he sent off an invitation to the President, asking him to dine on board the navy 011 the following evening. After the dinner was over, he look the President away into the after-cabin, and put in an urgent demand for active service. '" We hab navy," he said indignantly, " and she stay at 'ome! What de use ob stay-at-'ome navy ?" 'The Hayiians talk French of a sort, you know, and run their words into -one another as negro races seem apt to do whatever tongue they adopt. I'm giving you a free translation. 'The President admitted that it was unfitting for a go-ahead State like theirs, which possessed so good a navy, to keep it chained up. '" England - she dam-proud ! We teach her a lesson 1" went on Deloncle. liut ihe President shied at the idea of lighting England, and reminded Deloncle of the Bulldog. 'Some time previously an English man-of-war had visited Hayti about an indemnity, and left a considerable im pression behind. ' " Oah, yes, I remember de Bulldog, and de jacklars wid de hairy breasts. Oah, yes, I remember, and de dehbil of a captain! De little man who get eberyting he want! But we will not yet attack de mercantile of England or de States.' ' Upon this the President asked what General Deloncle wished him to do. '" We will make war on all de oder nations, sail I Deloncle answered with out any hesitation. ' He knew exactly what he wanted. It was a comprehensive scheme, and the possible fame touched the vanity of the President, and made him warm to the idea, though some lingering doubt, in duced by the recollection of the Bulldog, thai war is a game at which more than one can play, still troubled him. But Deloncle was prepared to overwhelm all objections. '" Dis ship is de Flying Squadron of de Republic of Hayti 1 You gib me sealed orders," lie answered confidently. " It is always scaled orders in de navies. I fulfil dem, and afterwards 1 return !' ' The President being yet inclined lo demur, Deloncle went into details. ' " You write, ' Destroy dis,' or ' Sink dat,' and it is done ! We are ready to fight anyt'ng in dis fine big steamer! Dis is de way. We sight de enemy, we fire across her bows-she lay to, haul down her flag, and I go aboard ! Den we bring back prizes, and we will add dem lo our Navy List. Come-on-deck, sail I' ' The President was then given a fur ther insight into Deloncle's designs; but he had nol much to gain personally by 1 the affair, and his office lo lose if it turned out badly, therefore he suggested that lie should take the opinion of the Ministry before decided action. '" Oali, hut most assuredly it is a t'ing for the sum-total of the Ministers to consult upon," agreed the other, who Had no notion of hiding his light under a bushel. ' But dat can be done ver' soon. And den de world will hear ob de Inlying-Squadron of General Deloncle!' 1 For many days Delonclc paraded the streets of Port au Prince, carrying the air of a man Overloaded with an im portant mission. The Haylians, like all other niggers, are as full of curiosity as monkeys, and his movements were watched with immense interest. And when the proposal was laid before the Ministry in all its splendor, with (he catchwords of " Flying Squadron" and "sealed oiders"to inflame the national vain-gloriousness with the illusion of dabbling in affairs usually considered to be within the prerogative of the Great Powers only, it was unanimously con ceded that the general of the navy had earned his keep. The President's speech was set forth in placards on the following day. His views on the reasons for armaments were natural, because he was an undiluted savage. A savage raises a fighting power (or the purpose of making war, a civilised people in order to main tain peace. He alluded to the example of big, fai, commercial England, which he compared to a hive of bees, making the honey, which is gold. Her warships, her cruisers, anil her gunboats were hornets sent forth to prevent other people's honey making. The present expedition, and the little war he advo cated against Russia, Germany, France, Ilaly, Sweden, Norway, and other second-rate nations was, so to speak, the thin end of the wedge. Hnyti would increase and prosper, and by and bye there would be a colored England in the ' Caribbean I As he ended, the black 1 men around him, drunk with dreams of plunder and unlimited wealth, applauded lo the echo. ' In the meantime Deloncle sat in his cabin on board the Foudroyant, and awaited the coming of the sealed orders, playing European card-games to pass the lime with the major of the watch. When the orders actually came it was necessary to send for the chief engineer, because he could read. He was a thin nish, hard-set man hailing from West ward Ho, and he had no respect at all for his employers. When he came aft the " sealed orders" were no longer scaled, but lying open on the table under the awning of the after-deck. The chief picked them up and began to read with wonder breaking out upon his face. Presently he said ' " So it's to be war-sanguinary war all round, and we're to do the lighting.' 1 Deloncle said that he was exactly right. ' " But this document should not have been opened until we were out of sight of land," said the chief. " Thai's said expressly.' ." Yes, but de enemy has already come,' explained Deloncle, indicating a smalt steamer lying in the roads. ' She was flying the Norwegian flag and her pilot flag, but orders had been issued thai no pilot was to go out to her, and her skipper was afraid to bring her in himself, not being regular on that route. ' " She is there," said Deloncle. " We will make our first battle in de sighl ob all !" ' ' The chief asked if they were to start next morning, hoping (hat perhaps saner counsels might by thai time prevail. Hut Deloncle had the >var-(ever badly. '" We must be out ob de harbor before morning," lie replied. " JJe orders, dcy say, ' Sail at once.' You will remember dal dis is de Flying Squadron ob llayti I We must be ready to bombard de enemy at dawn !" 'By the time the fourth engineer had his harbor-watch set, the chief returned to the alley-way cabin with the extra ordinary news. '" Are we going round the world and back like the libc-rlad of the Mexicans ?, inquired the second-engineer, grinning. '" Bigger thing than that, my son," said the chief-manners were easy on the Foudroyant. 'This condemned old tramp is the Flying Squadron of Hayii, and we're going to olfer battle to most of the navies ot the world I That's our lay. The sealed orders say, 'Sinkez vous ! Arrestezvou's everything you sight-o.' It's rank suicide, that's what it is.' ' But the engine-room staff refused to be dispirited, and rejoiced as one man at the chance of the lun, more especially as they very well knew the Foudroyant was not fit to fight a Dutch bumboat 1 The second engineer offered some sug gestion of this kind. '" Your're right," said the chief, " right as you can be. We've two obso lete nine-pounders and that big German blunderbuss on deck. A row-boat with a governess and a child in it could lake us, yet here we are prancing out to destruction to please a charcoal-skinned six-foot idiot. It makes me sick !" '" What are we likely to fall in with ?" answered the second gleefully. " Wesl India Pacific boat coming back through the Yucatan Channel ?" . " Barred ! She'd sail under the Union jack. Oh, no, we've fixed our prize 1 She's that Norwegian timber tran.p that's been signalling for a pilot the whole afternoon.'' 'By eleven o'clock the Foudroyant's engine bell rang, and the single screw began to revolve slowly. The Flying squadron had started on her mission of blood. ' Deloncle, standing on the bridge, felt himself an embryo Nelson. The water ways of the world lay belore him, and the German-made gun aboard twinkled black and wet without its tarpaulin under the heavy dews, ready for action and loaded with everything available. A mile away the starboard light of the Nor wegian glimmered green through the darkness. Silence lay on the black sea. Deloncle would have preferred daylight and acclamation, but he dwelt on the sensation the battle would cause in the morning among the on-lookers ashore, and the welcome that would be given to hiin when he towed his shattered prize into the harbor, and was comforted. ' I :i the pride of his heart he had de term. .ied upon making the ship's officers fetch the Foudroyant out of port without the aid usually lent by the local pilots. For this cause the Flying Squadron per formed many strange antics underneath the stars, but the providence of the drunkard and the fool befriended her, for after an hour or so of shouting she screamed into the outer night with no worse damage than knocking her bow sprit into splinters. 'Naturally, she showed 110 lights. Deloncle understood that under such circumstances line-ol-battle ships never did show lights. War had already broken out at Hayti, for the Foudroyant was going to soil the dawn with gun powder. Deloncle proposed to lie with banked fires near his prey, and com mence hostilities with the first light ' Now about a fortnight or so before' this a Liverpool shipping firm had sent out a cargo-boat called the Panama to do commerce among the islands. Shortly after midnight the second mate on the bridge of the Panama had picked up the Port au Prince lights, and the look-out had chanted the usual " All's well," after the quarter-master had struck eight bells. Of course the Panama hadn't the ghost of a notion that the Flying Squadron of Hajti was out on the war- trail, any more than the crowd on board the Foudroyant gave a thought to any incoming steamers they might get foul of owing to their etrategical abandonment of lights. Under any circumstances, I understood, the Foudroyant always showed a fine disre gard for the rule of the road. If she met a ship she simply steered straight ahead till the other vessel was forced to get out of her way. This course was not altogether prompted by pride, but partly by necessity, for the liaytians are not good at nautical manccuvres. ' In the thick blacknesss of the night the warship slid through the water, but as she turned to make her westing the stein of the big cargo-boat caught her abaft the main-mast. The Foudroyant leaped, shuddered, and ceased to move. Deloncle, on the bridge, saw the big gun break loose under the shock, and charge back with a rattle, followed by the crash of woodwork. Then a harsh voice roared in a chokc of rage from the Panama, asking who they were. 'The chief, knowing what had hap pened, got on deck as soon as he could. He found Deloncle calling on the Panama to surrender. ' On seeing the chief, he clasped him in his arms. ' " Oali! it is glorious ! It is magnifi cent ! We 'ave rammed her !" he yelled in ecstasy. ' The chief shook himself clear. ' " Somebody's rammed us, you hoot ing bradawl ! Get out the boats, or we'll see more glory than we bargained for in two shakes! The collision's wrecked my engines; the sea's coming in like a sluicj !" ' Then lie addressed himself to the male on the Panama, who rudely inti mated that lie, the chief, must be drunk, or he'd have his lights showing, till the chief asked him to keep his blackguard ing till later, as the Foudroyant was shilling down by the stem. Then a i>rull' order was given to lower away and :vc as many as possible. ?The Liverpool lifeboats had a busy ten minutes of it. Luckily, the night was calm, and a fair proportion of the Foudroyant's crew were hauled aboard, when they heard a sound like a gulp in some monstrous throat. It was the l'lying Squadron of llayti taking her final flutter to the sea bouom. ' The next dawn, that was to have heralded in the era of conquest and world- wide dominion, broke over a peacetul sea and a Et0UP wet an(i saddened negroes, the survivors of the wreck. It broke also upon a large black man in cotton print-trousers but lacking . the clerical hat, who was trying, with the help of the chief -engineer, to make the position clear to the impatient skipper of the Panama. '"So you were the Xiaytain Flying Squadron, were you?' he said at last. " Well, I'm sorry I tumbled on to you and spoilt the tun, But I'll have to dock the Panama if I can get her as far as Jamaica, and I expect my people will Send you in the bill, commodore. Shall 1 put you ashore ?" 1 Deluncle accepted the offer, and has tened to tell his own version of the incident to the Government, who de cided to seize the Panama as soon as she was warped into port; but the skipper was wide awake, and steamed away from Port au Prince without enter ing the harbor, though before the year was over the Liverpool owners made a heavy demand upon the Bepublic. ' The Novwegian went, into port that day, and heard for the first time of the danger that had threatened her.' ' Mow did the tale come to you ? Did it happen while you were at Hayti ?' I asked of Allansford. ' Long before that. It was the chief engineer who told me. I found him in a berth later on on one of the Atlas boats. As 1 was saying, the Liverpool people sent in their bill, and, moreover, saw that it wat paid. But as for the col lison, you mar call it chance or bad luck, or whatever you like, but the tact remains that no known power will ever persuade the Hayiians that the Panama was not acting under direct orders from the Cabinet of St. James's, wlio, hearing of the ambitions entertained by the Republic over-seas, sent out the Liverpool boat to commit a dastardly outrage I'-E. AND H. HERON, in the CornhiU Magazine. 