GOD BLESS TUB MASTER OF THIS HOUSE. BY GEO. R. SIMS. IT was five o'clock ODT the evening of the 21th of December when Mr. Augustus Tarboy, who had been out marketing, arrived muddy and putt- ing in front of his residence, No. 21, Kay-street, Brunswick-square. " Thank goodness !" said Mr. Tar boy. " ' Be it ever so humble there's no place like home*-: especially when you've made yourself a beast of burden, and you're sixteen stone by the automatic weighing machine at King's-cross Station, and there isn't a cab to be had for love or money." Having relieved himself of this expression of gratitude and its accompanying explanation, Mr. Tar boy stepped three paces back on the pavement and admiringly surveyed the front of his mansion from base- ment to roof. " Mine !"said Mr.Tarboy, mopping his brow with his handkerchief. ? ," Mine-all mine-mine and Maria's, ' God bless her !-and a home for any man to be proud of." The blinds were already down all over the house. There was a bright light from the gas in the kitchen, and Mr. Tarboy noted it. "There she is, down there, 'God bless her !" he said, "a-working and a-worrying and a-getting my tea, and her head full of to-morrow. Augustus Tarboy, you've got a wife in a thousand-you have, my boy, and I hope you're becomingly grate- ful. Maria, God blesB you 1" Mr. Tarboy kissed his hand affec- tionately at the drawn kitchen blina, and then he brought his eyes up to the ground floor. There was : no gas there, but the ruddy arclight danced and flickered through the lowered venetians. "Everything ready for me in there," he said, " The armchair wheeled up to tho fire, the kettle on the trivet, the table laid, my pipe and 'baccy brought up and put on the mantel-shelf, and a vase full of new-made spills ready to my hand. I'm as sure of it as if I'd been inside and looked. What a wife I've got what a wife !" Lifting his eyes in thankfulness to the sombre skies, Mr. Tarboy's attention was arrested by a dim light in u room on the third floor. " Poor girl !-poor girl !" he said ; "there's the skeleton in my cupboard this happy Ohristmas Eve-there's the ghost as'll be at my banquet to-morrow ! Poor girl-poor lonely, little girl!" " ' Mr. Tarboy shook his head mourn- fully, and mounting the steps of his residence knocked an apologetic knock on the front door. As he did so he glanced at the fanlight, in which a jet of gas was burning in a pink glass globe, and caught sight of a small bust of Charles .Dickens, which occupied a post of honor in the centre. Mr. Tarboy deposited his parcels on the top step arid raised his hat to the bust. " In love and humble duty, sir," he said, "at this season of the year, which if ever a man understood its lessons, and taught them to the world, you did, sir. And may all in this house humbly follow your example." The door opened at that moment, and a stout, comely, middle-aged woman stood staring,at Mr. Tarboy. " Good gracious, Augustus I" she exclaimed, " whatever are you doing standing without your hat in a wind that's lit to perish you i It's enough to give one rheumatics in the head to look at you t" " It's all right, Maria. I was taking off my hat to the bust of Dickens, and thinking of 'The Cricket on the Hearth.'" " ' Cricket on tho Hearth 1' " said Mrs. Tarboy ; " you look more like neuralgia on the doorstep. Come in, do !" ; Mrs. Tarboy gently but firmly dragged Mr. Tarboy in by the collai of his overcoat. "When the door was closed he, catching sight of a bunch of mistletoe which was suspended in the centre of the hall, put his laden arms as far round the cornels dame as they would go, and pressing her to his bosom gave her a hearty kiss. "Maria," ho said, "it is om first Christmas Eve in our own home ; God bless you, Maria, and many of 'em." o e « o' o Augustus Tarboy was. on th( wrong side of fifty, and Maria wai forty-five. Their romance had com menced over twenty years ago. Ir those days Augustus Tarboy, a slim good-looking young fellow, hac fallen madly in love with Marii Twemlow, u young housemaid wh( had recently been engaged by Lore Farndale's housekeeper. Maria wai a pretty, genteel girl, and Augustus who was his lordship's valet, though he had never seen such a perfec creature before. Being of a Bhj and bashful nature-not a comnioi complaint with noblemen's valets Augustus loved for some months ii secret ; but at last he summoned a] courage to inform Maria that sh had wori his heart. They were returning from even ing church together when Augusta made his trembling confession, an< it was in the very darkest part o the long avenue of elms leading ti to the famous old mansion in Surre; which had been the Farn dales' eve since the days of James I. The yoting woman listened for moment in blank astonishment ; fe like most bashful* men Augusto had plunged into his subject witt ont any preliminary remarks. BE when Maria Twemlow realised tht the good-looking young valet waa offering her marriage she gave a little gasp and said : "Oh, please don't-please don't say any more !" and made a dash for the house, leaving Augustus crest- fallen and trembling, with nothing to distract his thoughts but the sighing of the night wind and the cawing of the rooks. But the next day Maria Twemlow came upon Augustus when be was alone in the library arranging his lordship's papers, and there in a sweot, womanly way begged him to think no more of her, as a marriage between them was impossible. And when Augustus, with tears in his eyes, begged her to reconsider her determination, she felt a great pity come into her heart for his hopeless love, and confessed to him the secret of her life. . v-;i..:;¡.j>; She.had been married two'yoars previously to a man whom she had believed to be a well-to-do young fellow, but after six months of married life in London she had dis- covered that her husband's well-to do-nes3 arose from his participation in the profits of a series of frauds. One fine day John Laxton left his home. The next time his young wife saw him he was standing with two of his associates in the dock at the Old Bailey, and the result of his trial was that he received a sentence of fourteen years'penal servitude. Thus it was that Maria, who had no friends or relatives, had to turn out.again and earn her living. She saw that all chance of doing so in domestic service, to which she bad been brought up, wonld be denied her if it was known that her hus- band-was a convicted criminal, so she resumed her maiden name of Twemlow, and a former mistress having kindlytinterested herself on her behalf, she obtained a situation as housemaid at Farndale Court. Augustus promised that he would respect the young woman's secret, and he kept his word. But he was more desperately in love with her than ever, and presently the know- ledge of his loyal devotion touched the heart of the unhappy wife, and he found that she was returning his affection. Then the situation grew painful to both of them, and Maria said that she must leave. That Augustus wonld not hear of, so he cut the Gordian knot by giving notice himself. One day the young valet and the young housemaid bade each other a tearful farewell. But as he held the young wife's hand in his Augus- tus vowed that he would always love her, and that he would be faithful to her memory, and that no other woman should ever supplant her in his affections. I And so the years went on. Maria remained at the Court, and Augustus went to London, obtained another situation, and prospered. From time - to time the lovers saw each other and talked as friends. John Laxton, before his sentence had expired, was released on a ticket of leave, and found his wife. She gave him her savings, and bade him leave her in peace. He took the money and went back to London, where in six months he was once more in the hands of the law. But at last the bar that stood between tho happiness of the faith- ful couple was removed. John Laxton, who' had spent most of the intervening twenty years in goal, died of consumption in the Prison Infirmary, and Maria Twemlow was a free woman. Augustus was abroad with his master at~the time. On his return to England the news reached him, and he hastened to Farndale Court, where the young housemaid was now the middle-aged housekeeper, and once more offered her his hand and fortune. And in due time the man and woman who had waited so long for each other went to the altar, and were made happy at last. Augustus Tarboy was fifty-one and Maria forty-five when they became man and wife. Both lind money saved-Augustus had a good deal-so they took a house in Kay street,' Brunswick-square, furnished it neatly, and arranged to let off a portion of it in apartments. They had entered into possession six months ago. This was the first Christmas of their married life-the first¿ as Augustus put it when he saluted his buxom little wife under the mistletoe, that they had passed " under their own roof." ». . « » * . Mr. Tarboy had finished his tea, and sat in his easy chair smoking his favorite pipe, with his slippered feet on the fender, love in his heart and admiration in his eyes. ' The love and the admiration were both for his.wife, who had displayed the most remarkable skill in the adorn- ment of their dining-room. Augus- tus declared that with a bunch of holly and some evergreens she had converted it into a fairy bower, and when she told him of the prepara- tions she had made for their first Christmas dinner Augustus became almost reverential. The first Christmas day in their own home was to bo celebrated in quite " baronial" manner. Tho term was Mr. Tarboy's and came of long connection with the landed gentry. Mr. Tarboy had» invited several of his own relatives, and Maria had invited two of her former fellow servants at the Court-two who had married recently and settled in Lon- don ; and they were going to bring their husbands with them. "Ah," said Mr. Tarboy, "it'll be a happy Christmas, Maria ; the happiest I have known for twenty years, my dear." " Yes, dear," said the little woman, patting a plump arm round her hus- band's neck and kissing the np turned íaceyienderly, " and the happiest that), Tve known too. Christmas wu^always a miserable time at the G'oiirt for me, and it was miserable for rijerybody after poor Mr. Hugh and Ss lordship quarelled fiy.e years ago"?and Mr, Hugh left the Court, andi,we never saw him and never heariijof him again." .'Poor young'fellow !" exclaimed Mr. Tarboy,. ; "J only knew him as a boy. I don't]think his lordship over loved the -lad, though he was his only son. Be cost his mother her life, you knojv, Maria, when he came into the vorld, and his lord- ship was never tba same man after that. Many a tine I've seen him sitting opposite hbr ladyship's por- trait as was hung fver the fireplace in his bedroom, md looking at it with tears in hif^res. ^ And some- times, wlren the a£rvwasJoh him, I've known him pac« the room like a madman, and say things aloud that would have been plasphemy against the will of heaven, Maria, if it hadn't »been that! it was his heart crying out in agony, and not his lips speaking in aijger." "Yes, I supposait was that made him turn againstV the boy," said Maria, with a sorrowful look in her eyes ; "but it made our hearts ache for the poor youijg gentleman, the way his father treated him as he grew up. They;4sed to say at the Court that his Either had never kissed his son anji heir, or given him one fatherly]"caress from the day. he was born. a.nd soi when ho grew up, Mr. Hugo seemed to hate the place. When he was at home and became wild; in his ways, we servants used to'0fy that it wasn't to be wondered*; »t, poor young gentleman." .1 j.'' i "Maria, my delà" said Mr. Tar- boy, "put some more coal on the fire and stir up a blize, it makes me cold to think of such things at Christmastime. - I 'suppose there's no doubt that Mr^Bugh is dead, eh, Maria ?" .. . \> -jv, .-' ' " I'm afraid he mustbe," answered Mrs. Tarboy, stirringHUl the bright flames roared np the .chimney. "It's five years since he ref fc the Court in anger, after a terrible ecene with his lordship, vowingfhe'd never enter the place again ' while, his father lived. From' that hour 'no word overcame from him, Ind now the old lord's been dead tiree months, and the heir's been aivertised for, and the lawyers have teen hunting for him all over' the world-so Mrs. Millett, that was "upper housemaid there at the time,, told ile the other day- and Mr. Hugh's ljever made a .ri-gn;'-.;.,' ; .;,-.^v;\:;-./ _ fev&Yes;, of cowrÄB" hpjuitâfSë 'dead," replied. Mr. Tarto j-, knocking the ashes out of his pipe. "He'd ha' come back and claimed the estates by this time if he hadn't been. Let's talk of something else more Christ- massy, Maria. It ain't the sort of thing to have hovering over your domestic hearth with the carollers outside a-singing i ' Qod bless the master pf tilts house, . God bless the mfstress, loo, And all the little children I That round the table gf.' II shall have to go out aid give 'em I a shilling, and ask 'eui to go away. ' Ah ! thank goodness, they've finished. They jarred, Maria. ' Your talking about his lordship and poor Mr. Hugh got on my nerves, my dear. Fancy a Christmas carol jarring in a home that has a bust of Charles Dickens in the fanlight of its hall. It ain't right, Maria, it ain't right." Mr. (Tarboy rose and paced the room, and Mrs.- Tarboy gave a great gulp and seemed inclined to cry. "I'm so sorry, Augustus dear," she whispered. " I ought to have known how tender-hearted you are." Augustus Tarboy passed his hand across.his oyes and exclaimed : ." It's gone, Maria ; the vision of domestic misery, and tlie silent rooms of Farndale Court is banished. Don't let's speak of it again. Hullo ! what's that?" ? j ' : ? Mr. Tarboy started, and Mrs. Tar doy opened her mouth in astonish» ment. The front door had "been suddenly pulled to. j Mrs. Tarboy; went to the head of tho kitchen, stairs and called out sharply,, " Sarah !" and a voice from below i answered, " Yes, ma'am.". . Mrs. Tarboy came back again to I her husband. " It isn't Sarah," she | said. Then she gave a sudden start. " Good gracious, Augustus," she ex- claimed, "it must be bur third I floor !" .'? .'"'<';/: -:???:.:[:[ " Never !" exclaimed Mr. Tarboy. " Whyj she's been too weak, poor thing, to go out for daya past; and for her to do it such a bitter night as this. Go up, Maria ; go np at once." Mrs. Tarboy went up to the third floor as fast as she could, and came down panting. " It's her, Augustus," she said. " Oh, go af ter her at once and bring her back. It's death to her to be out on a night like this. She must be mad." ". Mr. Tarboy put on his hat and overcoat/ and Sarah, ^hastily sum- moned, came^rushing up with his boots. A minute, later, he was out in the street, staring up and down it and wondering which way the " third floor" had gone. ,. Presently, as .his eyes became accustomed to the cold blue haze which had come on with the night, he saw a policeman standing under the lamp-post at the>"next corner. He went across and asked him if he had seen a young woman come out of No. 21. The policeman said he had, and she had gone np the street towards Brunswick-square. - {To fie concluded to-morrow ) Pearce's Lavender Water with Musk is an cxquislte,fragrant, and lasting perfume. From all rhetnlnra.* _ 