A DEAN'S ANECDOTES, MORE Off DR. PIGOTJ'S STORIES. Dean Pigou " Phases of My Life" contains many good stories in addition to those recently quoted in these columns. Some are attached : Exercising a Ghost. This story is told of the late Dr. Thomson, Archbishop of York. He was put into a reputed haunted room Next morning he was eagerly asked, "Well, did your Grace see anything last night ?" ' No." " Are you quite sure ?" " Oh, yes at about twelve o'clock I heard a knock at the door." " Yes, that was the ghost. That is exactly what he does. What did you do?" "Oh, I said Come in, come in. " " How brave of you ! And did he come in ?" " Yes, an old salt- low-looking man with bent figure and long hair." " Yes; that is the ghost who haunts this house. And what did you do ?" " I got out of bed and went up to him. I asked him if he belonged to the house, and he nodded assent. I asked him if he was parishioner; he nodded assent. I said, 'I am anxious to build some new schools, will you give me a subscription and He disappeared, and has never been seen since." Parson and Port. The rector of the young curate was famous for his port wine, and an incident is mentioned by Dean Pigou which marks the immense change in current ideas between 50 years ago and now. A neighbor- ing squire invited the curate to dine with him. - After dinner he beckoned me to sit by him, and congratulated me on my curacy. "You are a most fortunate young man." Dismayed as I was at the prospect of my first curacy affording me so contracted a sphere of usefulness. I replied, "In what respect do you think me fortunate? I shall be only too thanks unto know what the curacy has to recommend it." " Why, young man, your rector has the finest port wine, the very finest port wine in the kingdom, and you are precious lucky to be curate to such a man !" Such-was the estimate of a good curacy in the good old days by country squires ! The curate was not long in making the acquaintance of the Methodist preacher. He met him on the high road, and shook hands with him. He had a leg of pork stick- ing over his shoulder, and said, "As I was coming along, sir, I was thinking about prayer." "Avery good subject," I replied. "Yes, sir; and do you know what I says about prayer ? I says, "It is the key that unlocks the bowels of the Deity.'" The parish church was in a shocking condition -"very small, very dirty, and untidy. Cocks and hens roasted on week days in the pulpit." This was half a century ago. There may be very high ritual there now. Worse than Beer. Young Pigou was a student of natural history, and thought he would give " cottage lectures " with the aid of his microscope. My first attempt was a great failure. I was showing a farmer, who had recently taken the pledge, a drop of water, full of life and animation. Lor', sir," he exclaimed, " why, it is worse than beer ! I must go back to beer !" I went home with a heavy heart, but ere soft sleep came I decided on what course, and promptly, to take. I committed a "pious fraud," for which I hope I have long since been for- given. I went next morning to a point where I knew I should find the larva of a goat, which is not unlike a young scorpion. I announced that would give a lecture on beer, and persuaded the farmer to attend this lecture. I furtively slipped the larva into the beer. When he saw it wriggling about in this environment of beer, he again exclaimed, to my great rest and satisfaction, " Why, I'm-, sir, it is worse than water and he went back to teetotalism. Marriage Stories Sagar, verger of Halifax Parish Church, was quite a character in his way. He figures in several good stories, of which these may serve as samples : On one occasion a bridegroom discovered after the service that he had no money with him to pay the fees. "2 knowed right well, Vicar, that he had the brass." Sagar went to the bride in his most win- some way and asked her, Last ever seen Black Bibles ? We've a rare lot of 'em in this ere vestry." "No," she said, not having the idea of what a black Bible was. " Coom along. I'll show you them." He lured her into our inner vestry. "There's the Bibles," he said, pointing to them, locked up as they were in a bookcase with glass panels, of which he had not the key. '. Wait a while till I come back." He turned the key of the vestry on her locked her up, and, going to the bridegroom, said, " Lass is all right, but you'll no have her till you have paid." The " brass " was immediately forthcoming. A butcher, on being married, expressed to Sagar his regret that he had no fees, and said, "Do you think, Sagar, Vicar would take it out in sheep's heads f" Fancy being paid " in kind, and a sack of raw sheep's heads left at the Vicarage. 