IN THE COUNCIL STRONG CRITICISM ON THE . PREMIERS' CONFERENCE. THE ADDRESS ADOPTED. In tho Legislative Council, Dr. CULLEN moved tho adoption of tho following Addrcss-ln-Reply to tho Governor's Speech: — To his Excellency the ltigkt Honorable llcnry Robert, Viscount Hampden, Knight Grand Cross of tlie Most Distinguished Order of Saint M'chacl and Saint George, South Wales and its Dependencies. Mav it 'please your Excellency,— We, her Majesty's loyal and dutiful subjects, the mem bers of the Legislative Council of New South Wales, in Parliament assembled, desire to express our thanks for 1 vour Kxcvllcncv'a Speech, anil to assure you of our. un feigned attachment to her Moot Gracious Majesty's throne and pen-on. ' ...... , . We will give our best consideration to the important measure to promote the Federation of the Australian colonies wliicli is foreshadowed in your Uxcellciicy's v"joi„ your Excellency in the prayer that our deli- heraliiins niav promote the welfare of New South Wales, ami of the |icoplc of Australia generally. Dr. CULLEN said that as a sincere believer In tho Federal movement lie could congratulato the Government 011 the advance which liad been made since the last session of Parliament. Early in tho session last year ho had expressed somo doubts as lo the ruturo of tho movement; but tlie action of the Government had gono very far to wards removing them. Tho task the Council now hnd before It was ono of very great and un usual responsibility. ("Hear, hear.") Tho Min istry of the day liad decided to accept the con clusions arrived at by the Premier's Conference as tho utmost practlmd limit of compromise. They had gono so far as to express the opinion that matters had now been brought to such a stage that any further delay or opposition would not bo reasonable. In ills opinion that conclu sion was a correct one. It was not to be expect ed that the Judgments to ho passed In tills colony upon tho value of the results of tho conference would bo anything liko unanimous, but It must ho generally admitted that tho action which tho Government had taken in submitting tho question to Purliament with such dispatch was worthy of the occasion. A good deal had been said about the financial scheme, but it seemed to him tho real question for them to consider was as to whether tho risks which a largo number of people believed existed in the bill were materially guard ed against in tho proposals of tho Premiers. Ho thought, 011 tho whole, tlio difficulties felt fn this colony had received generous consideration by those who had to deal with the matter in tho other colonies. "With regard to tho location of tlio Federal capital, it might bo an Important tiling lo somo that Sydney should bo tho capital, but ho failed to soo how It would bo of benefit to tho great bulk of tbo people of tills colony. Tlio whole trouble iu tills respect had arisen from tho jealous rivalry between Sydney and Melbourne. The result of the eonleronco, however, was that Sydney was SllUL out mm MI luuiuum nu. Hon. Members: "Oh, oh," and "It Is just the other way." , , Dr. M'ACLAURIN: Suppose they refuso to Melbourne? Dr. CULLEN: If they refuse to leavo Melbourno there is no power to compel them. ("Hear, hear.") Mr. PILCHER: Thou what is the gcod of this illusory agreement? Dr. GULDEN: Thoro is 110 use unless thero is such a thing as good faith in the Federal Parlia ment "We go into this Federation trusting more to the good faith of the Fedoral Parliament than to anything that may be in tho statute. If Parliament, refuses to leavo Melbourne there is no power to compel It. Mr. C. G. IIEYDON: Might there uot be 3omo provision in tho bill to compel them to do it? Mr. PILCHER: The only solution Is war. Dr. CULLEN: The only solution is that good fnitl: and common sense which enables us to sit In safety on these benches now. Mr. PILCHER: What confidence can you havo in 011 unborn babe? You aro speaking of a Par liament net born yet. Dr. CULLEN: If the Federal Parliament felt disposed to desphso these Injunctions, -they could just as easily give the go-by to anything put in the bill. Mr. PILCHER: So thoy will. Mr. L. F. HEYDON: Why not make Sydney tho Interim mectlng-place? Mr. PILCHER: Tell us anything Sydney is going to gain by it. Dr. CULLEN: Ho was not going to enter upon that wide field. Not because he had nothing to say. but becauso that was not the time to do it. A very earnest and Intelligent attempt had been made to get rid of tho objections which a large section of the people of this colony had to the bill, and he hoped the result of tho session would be to define a form of government which he be lieved would be pregnant with immeasurable good to the people of these colonics. (Cheers.) Mr. A. KETHEL seconded the motion. Ho pointed out that ns the bulk of tlic people of this colony had accepted tho bill, that Chamber would be doing a graceful act, at any rate, to give way in somo of their objections, and to act In tho spirit of compromise. Pie believed those who liad been raising great questions of possible wrong had been raising up ghosts to frightcu themselves with. Dr. MACLAURIN contended that the Premier had given up every important point which had been entrusted to him.- When dealing with this matter last session, tlie Premier had stated in Urn introduction to the Federal resolutions that the "bill was not acceptable to the people of this colony in its present form." Some of the points on which the bill was not acceptable were very important, while others were not important. Tho only point which could be conceived to be im portant, and on which the Premier got any con cession, was In regard lo the three-fifths ma jority. This was, after all, not so very important, because it related to a set of circumstances which it was hoped would arise only a-t very rare inter vals. They did not expect the two Houses to ho living in a stato of continual warfare with one another. On the question of inland rivers, the interests of the settlers in this colony had been sacrificed to thoso residing at the mouths of tho great streams. Then with regard to tho capital, the effect of the compromise would he that they would find tho Fedoral Parliament sitting, in Mel bourno for years and years. ("Hear, hear.") The Federal Parliament would bo mado very comfort- hurry 4o move. Besides, New South Wales would have great, difficulty in selecting tho sito of tho capital. When that was done, it would be found impossible to build up tho new city for years, be cause it would take at least f5, 000,000 to establish n new capital In the hackbloclcs. Tho capital of the Commonwealth ought to be either in Sydney or Melbourne, because it was only in the political atmosphere of great cities in which there was free and livoly criticism they could expect their Parliamentary institutions to bo free from log rolling and corruption. It was ail very well to talk about trusting' the people of the other colo nies; but they were only human beings, and were not above temptation. When they found their convenience would bo best served by remaining in Melbourne, they would say they saw no reason to leave. In this matter the Premier had adopted tho solution which would have the very worst effect on this colony. Tlio financial system of tho bill which hnd boon so strongly objected to had not been altered at all, and the effect of it would bo to land tlie smaller colouies in difficulties or necessitate an extremely high level of taxation for tho wholo of the States. The results of the conference In Melbourne might bo satisfactory to Mr. Reld, and those enthusiasts who were pre pared to accept Federation at any price, but ho denied that they were satisfactory to the. people of New South Wales. Even now they should en deavor by every means in their power to bring about somo solution of tbo finnucial difficulty which would be free of -tho objectionable points in the bill. (Cheers.) Mr. PILCI-IER pointed out that when the bill was last before Parliament, Mr. Reid bad said if tbo Braddon blot wero to bo retained it was no use talking any more about tho proposed Consti tution. He (Mr. PUchcr) presumed that ho was not romancing, or attempting to gull tlie public then; but what was the valuo of the Premier's statements on tills niattor now? In spite of what ho had said then, ho had now accepted a pro posal by which tho other colonies would be within their rights iu retaining the Braddon clause till tho crack of doom. It was only to be dealt with at the efld of 10 years, "if tho Parliament then desires to repeal or alter it." Suppose Parlla ment did not desire to repeal or alter it. Thej the other colonies, but they would be within their rights in retaining the clause. Then with regard to the capital, ho pointed out that tho flnnl deci sion in this matter would be in tho hands of tho other colonies, and it would he found that Nmv South Wales would havo absolutely nothing to do with it. Tho only safeguard to tho interests of Now Soutli Wales lay in Queensland coming into the Federntlon. Mr. HUGHES (Vico-President of the Executivo Council) said ho had never lllced tlio Braddon clause, but bo confessed ho did not know what to put in Its place. It had been very much al tered, not only in tho limitation of its term, but in tho power which was proposed to bo given tho Federal Parliament to lend money to necessitous States. Thoro was nothing to prevent the scheme being altered at tho end of two years, If such a disastrous state of affairs as had been predicted arose. Tlie clauso giving power to lend money to smaller States would prevent tlio necessity of excessive taxation. He hnd never seen the par ticular value In tho capital, if It was to be in Fedoral territory. Whllo he would liko to see Sydney tho Fedoral capital, ho would not accept It at the cost of giving up the whole city to tho Commonwealth. However, these were matters which would bo dealt with later, and in tho mean time they could adopt tho Addrcas-ln-Iteply. (Cheers.) Mr. CAMPBELL and Dr. GARRAN briefly sup ported tbo motion, which was eurricd on tho voices. Tho Address will bo presented to tho Governor this afternoon, members meeting at 2 o'clock for that purpose. 