Two Distiiigiilsh&l; Exiles. Sometimes yon "will meet men. who bring up scenes that are of the past and are almost forgotten. They bring up old memories—old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is bat a shorfc time ago that X saw Oakey TTaTl, in London, and what recollections of New York under tlie reign of Tweed his "brought up? Those were great days for Hall, and foi men who were a great deal worse than he. What a fellow of infinite jest he was, and 'What a bright spot he made the Mayor's office- in New York, some -twenty years ago. The older newspaper men, politicians and men about town will long remember its attractiveless. He would have been a rash man In those days who would have attempted to prophecy the height in the temple of fame to which this brilliant and •ritty man might not climb. ,!What prophet could foresee that this gifted and once popular man was to pass the evening of Ms life practically m exile in a foreign landj leaTipgyte-, tund? , him"on : tihB field- of -Msiearly'triumphs Nothing but shattered ambitions. Yet this was to be. '- In a nwm.ll cafe in a somewhat unfrequented part of Paris the other day I saw another man who recalled a case the fame of which was world-wide. He was sitting at a table, seemingly buried in thought of a not pleasant character and oblivious of Ms surroundings. He had an intellectual face, but on it there were deep lines that told of past sufferings. His long hair was gray—prema- . turely gray. His shoulders were', oeut, Kid there was a moody, brooding look on his face. Bnt lie was evidently a tallman, and some years ago must have been a handsome man. As hesat atthe table he looked like a strongman borne down by the memory of some great sorrow of the past. Presently he arose and walked ont without looking to the right or the left, and then I recognized him, although it has been years since I saw Mm before. It was Thecdore Tilton, the once famous editor of the New York Independent. Bat how changed. In the days of his popularity, tall, erect, strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely old man. He is doing eome sort of literary work here, but no one seems to know just what it is. I could not bnt think, after seeing the man, that- the scandal in which this man's life was wrecked was more than * mere scandal. It was, in fact, a, tragedy. The circle of the chief actors in it is narrowing. The greatest of them is dead,- so -are -others, among them some of the lawyers and several of the jmy. One of the lawyers, Benjamin F. Tracy, is in the Cabinet of the President of the United States. Mrs. Tilton is more fortunately situated than her husband, for she has the company and sympathy of her children. Bnt Theodore Tilton haunts out-of-theway places in Paris, seeding neither friends nor friendships^ a miserable tnd broken man- ~ USE 4ay a silk grower saw that soma mts with a. sweet tooth for Ms silkivorms had climbed . one of Ms mulberry trees and attacked and thrown ihe worms to the ground, where they were hurriedly carried away by the carriers. - Wanting to pat a atop,to the theft, thfe g ro War oucirciacL fee tru»k«}<of' the tree, yith a" ring of-^bird lime,' which for jonr'dayk proved an impassible harrier. By ihe fifth ihe emergency had developed an engineer—an ict with a big grain of sand in her jaws ieposited it in the limp, and then .descended. After t£n minutes every ant ,3'imbing the tree carried her grain of- -sand. • Half . an hour's work proved* sufficient to make the bridge span thcf satire circle of lime, and prove largd snough-to -yield- passage to four ant4 -walking abreast. The owner had not the Heart to destroy t heir work, and a3 a rewarifor their ski si abandoned the iree totBem. -We have seep aufa on an expeditioni nvueu interrupted by a itream, form a popt-t. 1 budge r of work-c , . . iR liltcke d o-e w an. t e.. over whose backs the army had }>a- -ed dry shod. Ihepiwsage-'nrecle. the • ^itooDers irated, any wii3i mam • pffecrruai e£r forts regained the shur- ' ^ - best Lhefy 