©KETOIíJSR. ? -» DBOWNING. > 'Drowning is a pleasant death' is a remark constantly made by those who > never gulped down sale water into the delicate tissues of their lunga. Twice I have had the oppor- tunity of judging of the alleged delights attendant on death by drowning ; and on eaoh oooasion my sensations, so long as sensibility remained, were the reverse of pleasant: wera, indeed, so painful that I wonder if drowning, like the drugs of the pharmacopoeia, does not affect different individuals in a different manner. By some strange mental process, the oauee of whioh I oanrot explain, the earlier of the experi- ences I am about to relate remains by far the more vivid impression of the two, although the second was fifteen years later than the first. Every incident, emotion, and sensation of the earlier experience constantly returns to me at niarht. The second remains in oblivion unless I voluntarily and pur- posely recall the circumstances to my mind, and then the picture called up is a conaoious effort of the memory ; not the vivid and stirring panorama of an event whioh even now I am involuntarily compelled to witness anew, and from whioh I oannot esoape by any effort of the will. The earlier inoident, in all its externals, is commonplace enough. As a lad I was bathing in rough weather on the beaoh of a watering place in Northern France. Swept out to sea, I struggled, sank, became in- sensible, and was saved by the oourage and skill of a gallant Frenchman-who wrote his name that day in my mother's New Testament as a memorial of the resoue. This was all. The oiroumstunoes were ordinary. A thousand such may ooour every year. Psyohologioally, however, there are points of interest whioh arise principally from the fact that I remember all that happened dur- ing a period of time whioh may have been four or five minutes, but whioh appeared to be as many honrs. Almost immediately I entered the water, the muoh-resounding roar of the waves struok mo as desolating and sorrowful-full of foreboding and terror. Ashamed of this fanoy, I instinotively but foolishly fought my way seawards, and was promptly out of my depth ; not because I intended to run any risk, for I oonld not swim, but because the strong ourrent had scooped out a hollow in the sandy bottom, whioh had six feet of water on the top of it. Tumbled over by the waves, the oonoentratod agony of the moment when the water olosod over my head for the first time oannot bo desoribod. It was the bitterest point of tho struggle. Cruel and omnipotent force, without warn- ing or reason, surrounded me, and my frantio and determined offorts to oaoape only inoreased tha pent-up passion to ooaso hold- ing my breath and to inhalo once more. I felt instinctively, as I writhed in the cold, black water, that if onco I suooumbod to tho temptation to oxpol my broath, whioh almost burBt tho ribs in my angry olïorts to retain it, the end would como ; that I should bo compelled to broatho inwards whilo covered with tho prossing salt water. At this time I must have given way, and tho droadod stream of air-bubbles rose to the surf aoo. A few weeks beforo I had watched the drown- ing of a oat in the oloar water of a running stream. The animal was tothorod to a stone, <i and had fought with upturned faoe for liberty. When the bubbles rose in a silver fountain from the cornera of its mouth, it stood at the bottom swaying in the gentle current, turned over, and after one final straggle gave up the ghost. This scene came vividly before me. I thought of this , wretched cat, and was half amused to think that my case was the case of the oat. There was no fear ; the actual oircumatanoes filled my attention, and the piteous longing to escape and the inability of my efforts sud- denly became subordinated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, oheBt, limbs, were all one solid pain. Just then 1 touched the sandy bottom with my fingers and knee, and hastily snatched a handful of sand and water to thrust in my mouth to end this struggle for air. All 1 wanted was to end the pain. No thought of death, except as an interesting and immaterial faotor in the situation, came over me. It is true that 1 remembered that I should be missed when dinner-time came and I was found missing ; and thinking of the home people, I thought of a blue tie I had left on a cheat of drawers in my bedroom, which I had intended to put on. Then, suddenly, I found my eyes above water for a second, and I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank again, and was conscious of relaxing effort and sinking out of a conseious state to one in which one dreamed without knowing what the dreamB were* From this I awoke in great pain in the centro of a orowd on the beaoh, vvhithor my rescuer had borne me. My first thought was one of infinite and unreasoning ahamo ; but the nausea caused ¡ by swallowing so much salt water quiokly brought me back to earth again. On the second occasion, many years later, I was swimming at some distance from the shore in the tropios, and when I turned in a homeward direction 1 found that the our rent was too strong for me, and that, do what I could, I was being swept in an easterly direction ; and as the coast line trended northward, this was equivalent to being taken out to sea. The sense of being once more in the olutoh of an omnipotent and inexorable force of the sea overwhelmed me with dismay. I remembered with horror all the sensations that had attended my eather experience of drowning, and to this apprehension was added the knowledge that there was some, though not a great, danger from sharks. I looked shorewards and sea- wards, and saw to my joy that a small ooral islet or rook, a few feet square, lay in an easterly direction, and that by hnsbanding my strength it might be practicable to reaoh it. Alternately swimming and floating, I was overcome by a terrible fatigue, and as my strength failed I became consoious of the faot that a irreat disaster was at hand. Almost abandoning hope, I was involun- tarily interested in contrasting the sensa- tions experienced under the shadow of the death that was impending with the feelings under similar oircumatanoes fifteen years before. It suddenly occurred to me that if I shouted with all my remaining strength the Bound might reaoh the shore,- and that a oanoe might be manned and put out for my reeoue, and might reaoh me in time. Al- though I was not aware of the faot, my ories had been heard. Half swimming, half . drifting with the tide, I had managed to swallow sufficient salt water to produce partial insensibility ; hut by some good fortune, and almost unoonsoiously, it seems that I managed to reaoh the ooral rook to whioh reference has been made. Although I felt no pain at the time, the sharp edges of the coral growth severely out my hands and body, and I was bleeding freely when overtaken by a boat whioh, without my knowledge, had put out to save me. I sud- denly beoame oonsoious of tho presence of my resouers, and automatically grasped with a frantic olutoh the knife-like edges of the ooral fronds, whioh grievously lacerated my fingers. Whether it was the smell of blood or mere acoident at the time when I was lifted from the water into the canoe, a shark was almost tonohing me ; but the noise and splashing made by tho men in the boat suc- cessfully frightened him away. 1 have no reoolleotion of being lifted into the oanoe, but was in a dead faint for some minutes. At no time during this latter experience was I oonsoious of the slightest tendency to sur- vey my past life, or to deplore the sins and failings whioh I share in common with the rest of humanity. It is a remarkable instanoe of Shake- speare's omniscience that he refers to the pam of drowning in tho oelebrated soliloquy of Clarence in the play of Riohard III. in a sense totally opposed to the popular con- ception of this mode of death, and in exaot agreement'with my own experienoe. ' Oh Lord methouafht, what pain it was to drown ! What dreadful noise of water in mine ears ! What sights of ugly death within mine .and often did I strive To yield the ghost : but still the envious flood Stopp'd in my soul, and would not let it To find the empty, vast, and wandering air : But smother'd it within my panting bulk, Whioh almost burst to belch it in the sea.' -Abnold White: j 