AlTERICANISH. THE POPE'S LETTER TO CARDINAL GIRBONS. The J^man correspo!tt4M$ of the, " Times " says:—" The longfypppted letter^ from the Pope to Cardinal Gibbons on the/ subject which, rightly or wrongly, has been styled " Americanism," appears in the " Osservatote Bojnano." The Pope begins with laudatory words • to ■ Car dinal Gibbons and the American Catholics, and, alluding to the many proofs of his goodwill which he has given them in the past, he wishes them to see in this docu naent another proof of his affection for America. He then speaks of the contro versies which have arisen out of " The Life of Isaac Hecker." The Pope is care ful to distinguish between the doctrinal aspects of the new theories and questions of practical discipline. He Btrongly urges the impossibility of any change. in the former, while admitting that the necessity has always been recognised and acted upon by the Church of adapting certain points of discipline to the requirements of the time. It rests with the Church, however, and not with individuals, to determine how and when any such adaptations can be made. To say otherwise would be to Bhare in the condemnation of the 78th proposi tion of the Synod of Pistoja. The Pope subsequently repudiates aB untenable the principle that the definition of Papal Infallibility by the Vatican Council affords to individuals greater free dom' of thought and action. The Pope is careful to say that he by no means repu diates all true progress of modern thought and civilisation, which he welcomes as con ducive to human prosperity; but for it to be really useful it must not lose sight of the authority and the teaching of the Church. He combats the theory that to-day the internal inspiration of the Holy Ghost has not to reckon with outward guidance. He rejects the theory which would ascribe to natural gifts a superiority over supernatural virtues. The Pope points out and condemns another error in the distinction advocated by the innovators between active and passive virtues, for all virtues must be necessarily active. He does not allow that' some virtues are suit able to one time and others to another time, for Christ, the supreme Model and Master of all sanctity, is ever the same, and does not change in the progress of centuries. Humility, obedience, and self denial are as necessary now as before. The contempt shown by these innovators for what they are pleased to call passive virtues, has naturally led to a contempt of the religious life as suited only to the weak, and as an impediment to Christian perfec tion and the good of the community. This error the Pope energetically condems, and declares it to be injurious to the religious Orders, and in contradiction to history. He reminds Americans of what they owe to religious Orders, both active and con templative. The Pope concludes by saying that if by "Americanism" is meant the peculiarity of laws, customs, and charac teristics which is to be found in America, as in every nation, he sees no reason against the expression; but if by this word is meant the errors he has condemned abpve, .he is convinced that the American Episcopate will reject the term as injurious to themselves and the whole nation, for it would lead to the conclusion that the Church in America is different from what she is in other countries, and this would be incompatible.with her unity and with the prerogatives of the See of Peter. The letter bears date January 22. The correspondent of . the " Daily Chronicle" says:—Considerable impression ha? been made by a letter addressed by the JPope to Cardinal Gibbons on the sub ject: of "Americanism." The Pope con ^j^&hs; only "SeligiouB Americanism," by tich is meant certain opinions expressed Father Hecker, for example,, as to the personal inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Hut it is important to note that these opinions are merely personal to Father Hecker, and are by no means shared by the heads of the American Church, Buch1 as Mgr. Ireland and Cardinal Gibbons.. The Pope, in his letter, does not at all disap-; prove of "political Americanism," or, in Other words, of the special adaptation of Catholicism to thb conditions-of American thought and to. the Anglo-Saxon tempera ment: The letter will possibly be exploited by anti-Ameriens, but on the whole it is not unfavorable to American Catholicism. 