Ghost Stories. The ghost that frequents tbe road to Bal moral is evidently of a loyal and patriotic nature, since it chooses only to appear when the Queen is in residence in her favorite home. Rumour says it has been seeu again recently. The last occasion was when it accompanied a youug officer quartered up there, who had been invited to an evening entertainment at the castle with his wife. As they possessed only a dog cart they were obliged to charter a closed conveyance from tbe local hire, aud a terribly antiquated vehicle it turned out to be. On their way they were- surprised by the suddeu appearance of a man wearing au old fashioned livery coat, who sprang up on the box seat alongside the driver, and the gentleman observed to his wife that their jehu was evidently giving a lift to a friend. As they approached the castle, however, the stranger climbed down and disappeared. But on their return journey he again joined them, aud through the window in the front of the carriage the two men could be seeu sitting side by side, thongh evidently not con versing, this causing no surprise, since the" Highlanders' taciturnity is proverbial. Just before the carriage stopped the stranger jumped down, and vanished in the darkness, the gentleman remarking that as he had made use of their conveyance he might have had the civility to ring at the door bell for them, the night being a very wet one. " Who is your friend, Angus he said to the driver. ' What may yon mean, sir " The man who drove beside you to and from the Ccstle — who got down just this minute.". " I fail to understand, sir. No person drove with me either way, nor has anyone got up or down." To a casual mention next day of this sin gular circumstance a friend of the young officer exclaimed : " Oh, you have seen him too. This liai happened before— it's the Balmoral ghost I" The tower of London simply swarms with ghosts, and the chaplain's room in particular is uninhabitable on account of them. When Canon Melville was going into residence there the porter asked him where he wished to sleep. He answered : ' In the Chap lain's room, of course 1 " but was assured he would have 110 rest there. The Canon re plied that he Could and would sleep the re, and the room was prepared for him He im . wr-mievigniurtVQe vngnfc only; ' removing the next day into other quarters with the avowel that he had pasted through an experience of unspeakable horror. 