fflE BilOKEN ROWLOCK, j .Albert Langdcn ncd Chsrka Naylorw»ro wspanioaa of long standing. In the same eJasaat school, and residing in the same street, • d&Mioh;' attachment strengthened as they gt&a; older, until they seemed . more like hrcih&rs; than friends. They helped each other ; wife ttuir home lessons, or rather, Albert assisted bis.frtend, who would not hmve kept his plae» In the school bat for such aid. In the samaier evenings they often went fishing, and cccaricmaliy, as they £tew older, had a row op the Bibbls la tar as Walton church. Charlie's father wished his only son to Iesrn Lis own trade, that of a cabinet-maker, but Albert meant to be a; schoolmaster, and in the end both become pupil teaches8 in their old school. IVhen both were 17 years of ate, a well-to-do | nncleof Albert's died, and bequeathed to bis i taroante nepbew a legacy of £2,000, the income | meantyae to l« sptnfc on the fortunate youth's ©duration. The legasyJed to a feeling of cool ness betwa n the two friends, Naylorfancying [ thst Langdon " put on airs " because of hb for ! lunr. On Naylor'n 18ih birthday, however, he j was the recipient of a splendid little boat, just i b3j{ enough for two, Laugdon having purchased ; tno boats ixactly alike, out of his first hilf ! wear's intere&t; on his le*ac*. This generous act renewed the strained friend ship, and for • time all went along smoothly. The too often wint on the river with their boats, occasionally racing in a friendly fashion, I and sometimes takiug a fiiend with them. Among the popil teaohew was a pretty girl named Alios Crook, a favourite with the whole gehcol/and it saon became apparent that for ha smiles the two friends were rivals. And when Charles Kajlor mzde the mortifying discovery that Alioe preferred Albert's company, six! tfraisho gladly accepted bis assistance i □ pre paring her evening lessons, the spirit of the ycath again burned fiercely, and he vowed • tohav^hia revenge "same day." Outwardly, to all appearance, he was as friendly as ever ; ho eonld not pick a quarrel with Langdon with out giving a reason ; and to confess that he signed for the affections of the fair Alice was fangosnWe, •* What do yon think af entering in the two oared boat-race at the regatta, Charlie ?" asked ABtextoseevining ''There are no boats on The river so light as ours, and it is not likely that there wilt be any competitors from other ptaces ; the prizes will scarcely tempt theia. Bosidrs, if they do, we are not obliged to com pete." •■'If yon are thinking of it, I'll enter," re plied Langdon.. " Aad 111 take his insufferable pride down a prg or two,? muttered Naylor to himself, as be wonfcdown to the river mt snnrise next morn ing, to pat himstlr in training for the race. lie \- voald win easily, he believed, and thereby sSan? Lacgdon that he was not A 1 at every Oasgha aimed at. : An2 aa Naylor was fully two inches talli r, n^d si least a stone heavier, than Langdou, it srrgnad a foregone conclusion among their rc qnagrtnticeg when it became known that the teo Jhad entered for the race that Naylur mold be » comparatively ea«y winner. Tie weather on the regatta day was all that ccmid ba desired, and the northern bank of the »rer tsaa crowded with spectators, the grand a tend being Sited by the elite of the town, 'i'l.e race far which Langdon and Nay lor had entered wksfir down in the programme, and meanwhile thfcy sat with their friends in the grandstand. Alia Crook was there, and to Naylor's ntMiae eiajiiir, j>ho wore a nest little blue'lie, ihis ccaipeiitor'B rowing jacket having blue Hbfiwu. nhile liis own had chocolate brown. "instate the puff oat of him!" thought Salter, sizplling off in another direction,to the ■BwadsTsusst of bis friends. There were seven entries for the two-oared beat TEoe, sad Naylor was first favourite. lis had eLtnrn himself on the previous Suml»v sftaroooa to admiring crowds between the fcridgepj liia rapidity of stroke being commented opca fcy til who professed to know anything ahnl isinsg. Sbesa was a capital start, and before the com pet&HS; lad gone 100 ywds Naylor was leading tash liasg^on close behind. Straining every servo tho favourite kept well in frout until lie b&tljBJnsded; the baoy, but getting too near the j bisk bp iras compelled to ship one bar for a' ffea'SHWOd^ and that lost him the race. Lang dan rnawnggi to keep the left of his antagonist, rod. In spile of almost superhuman efforts by Naylor, -won the race by about ten yards. Tarioiidy disappointed, Naylor cculd not face : tho sympathy of his fried ds, and after resuming his ordinary Ones, went home, leaving Alien Crook to be escorted by Langdon. It had been previously arranged that tho two friends should go to a concert that evening, being Saturday ; hot Naylor did not tarn up at the appointed time, and having purchased two reserved scat tickets, Langdon called on Mrs. Crook, and begged her to allow Alice to go with him. The mother knew of his legacy,nud also of bis many good qualities,and believing Ler daughter might do much worse than marry Langdon sha gave her conscnt. . Nayl&r;'s class io. the Sunday-. school was : minus a teacher next day ;•T he' had ' a a severe cold wRs tha excuse sent to the superintendent. But en the Monday mornipg he was in his place in the day school, and greeted Laugdon as though nought had disturbed the good feel \- iug between them. And their mutual friends ■who saw tho tiro young men together during the next few weeks were obliged to admit that they had been -"agreeably surprised by Naylot's be "■ haviour uudcr defeat; he- was bearing it like a hraye yonng Fellow ought to «'o. Kiylor had proposed a leisurely row down the liver soma >aturdav evening, going with the the strsaoi, and returning with the incoming tiJe.tlnrrby icnclt rinrj the tssk of rowing sorae wh; trasirr. But tho carrying out of the pro ject was pastponod—First because when the tide would suit < he weather was unpropitious ; then, the annual tt-acl.ers'; examination took place on ' a Saturday otherwise, suitable. And thus it happened that w! cn they were able to go ; October waa far advanced,' and Lai gilpn wouid " have dropped the projcct at the first hint From bis, friend. . •* We shall . be . all right, Bert; the moon rises at seven, and we shall be on our way back hen," said Naylor on'their way down to the boathonse. . £<* And so- Langdonthoaght as they rowed slowly down' with the stie.im. the exertion required being so littleas to makV it very enjoy able. They had gor e fisrtl.c: than i-riginally intehdid," being opposite the Naze, when Langtioti, locking round westward, saw that a thick fog was <»niirg up the "river. : " " Look at the fog, Charlie ; we must torn at once." ' Naylor was a few. yards behind at the time, And ins? antly turning commenced to row at 'tis 6«t spedv Langdoh followed suit.but before be bad rowed fifty yards he fell on his back at the side of the boat, upst tting it. He was an ex pest swimmtr, and soon managed to get into tfco boat again, but both bis oars were.now lost, and when - he had bailed ;the water ont his companion was nowhere to be Ken. The fog gradually crept round hiro, rendering it im possible to see - where tho tide was carrying the iulptess'boat. „ He must be going in the direction of house, be thought; that was his only consolation. Bis position did not seem'so very perilous; if tho fog would not lift* he should have no fears far his ultimate safety. ;What had cvwcdbiv mishap ?; A beaten; rst.li ntly. and WW* it mxuftdfc 4 "Great heavens—it; baa been cat-J Who' committed Rich an oatrageous deed and He tried to think that bis lifelong Iriend would not be guiltjr of a dartirdly act which might yet end-—bow'? i'.-sV " No, no ; I will not believe that Charlie would play mo sufch a despicable trick, and thereby give:the lie to his protestations of gratitude for the assistance of many kinds I have been able to render biin." His musings vers interrupted by the boat running into a sandbank., with which the estuary of the Hibble abounds- . ^ Waa this sandbank near the shore ? Being high water, or close to it, be dare not leave his boat to endeavour to ascertain his Bnrrround ings, and frith some difficulty; he polled the boat off again. Shivering with the eold.Xsitting in his wet clothes, the thick fog adding to his discomfort, the hours went slowly by, bnt not nearly so fast as he imagined. : And wheats was beginning to hope that the tide must have carried him so near Preston that be might'pos sibly see some signs of life on the river banks, .the boat again struck the sand. " 2 moat be in the estuary of the Douglas river," he said to himself. And again shovingthe boat off, he began to hope that bejzught vectore to take to the esxtd ! bank when baagain struck it. . - [ The night passed dowSy—eo^Jowly to tfeo still hopeful occunant. of the cockle-shell boat that, not fenowiap in which direction be nu going, he'was both startld acd dismayed wb«n, the fog lifting suddenly, he eonld see a noaber of lights, bat at such a distance away th*V for soaae time he could aot feel certain what Uma they belonged to. v • " That *Js Soutbpof t, wd I am beJog carried oat to sea!" •;/« -v- ' It was an overwhelmiBg discovery,and his hopes of saocour grew feint. A few minutes observation convinced him; &at; he was being carried in a southerly j direction, and he was thereby somewhat reassured, as he would ere long be in the track of ships outward bound; fromIiiverpool,aBd might be rescued in time be fore the intense cold had dooe it terrible work. But in spite of his efforts to keep his-blood in circulation,, a sense of. numbs ess stole over him, and though he well knew that sleep would mean death, his determination to keep awako was giving way to despair wbensuddenly the lights of a large ship loomed before him. " Ship,ahoy I" he shouted, baUbis voice was as hoarse as the croak of a ravoa,.and could not have been heard a dozen yards away. The moon , was shining brightly, however, and the lookout man on board the steamer happily espied the boat, which was painted white, with blue stripes around the ganwhale.The'engines were stopped, and a rope thrown to Langdon, but he was too weak and numbed to catch it. •, ■> •.. " They have gone, and>left mev to peri«h !" he groaned. ' But it was uot so. A boat soon-put off from the steamer, and the hapless , tangdou wi s soon on board. The reaction produced by the ccrtsiuty that he wbs safe, however, was more than he could bear, and when lifted on board be was insensible, -v.- » ■ , " A. narrow escape !" said theidootor. •' See, his watch stopped at 7.15 ; be must have been sitting iu that boat, in his wet clothes, for nearly sis hours. Only a strong constitution could have stood such an ordeal." " Is it safe to send him back with the pilot ?" asked "the captain. \ " By po means. Itiwould be sending him to the grave. He will have a sharp attack of fever, I am afraid." His pockets wore searched for some evidence of his identity, bat no tpapers or letters of any kind were fcund. i " His clothing and *the possession of a good watch and chain show him to be respectable ; we must ask the pilotito make known the rescue to the Liverpool papers ; his friends will thus be informed of-bis safety," said the captain. ■ The doctor's opinion, wis verified,, and Lang don was raving in the delirium ot'fevcr dur ing the whole of the passage across the Atlantic to New York. But having safely turned the crisis, he mended rapidly. A collection among the passengers had produced sufficient to pay for his passage home, and he thus returned to Liverpool in the same steamer. ; ' . •>: lu the meantime, consternation, followed by intense grisf, reigned in two homes at.Preston. When Charles Naylor realised that bis villainous scheme had been successful, so far that when hs ventured to look round, Langdon'sboat was not in sight, his satisfaction was but of a mingled character.' What would be the result ? Had he really contemplated the murder of his old friend ? What would he gain by it ? ■ If Bert Langdon weredrowned, would Alice Crook transfer her affections to another, even though that other had been' to Langdon like Absalom to David ? . . ■•* ■ These and other/questions of ai6imilar nature Charlie Naylor asked himself as he pulled steadily onwards. The fog waavso thick that he could not see three yards" m any direction ■; and with ears strained, he went slowly on to ward the town, not much' afraid of being run down, for he knew that very few'vessels left Preston on a Saturday night. \ "Thank goodness,there's a light at'last. That must be, the chain light, and I have; yet more than two / miles to go.1- But the tide is helping me splendidly." | Kre he arrived at* the new : pier, the fog lifted, and then he rowed much faster. He had fixed upon the coarso he intended to adopt. He would say nothing about Langdon unless ques tioned, and thendecl are! that he losfc'him in the fog. .■< " •■-•y ' It,was.the most foolish deoision'Jha could have come to, bat guilt induced fear. •<V ••'v For the first time in his life, he did - not arrive at home until past.midnight. - .His father had gone to bed very, angry,declariDg that if he awirited the coining hsmsiof his son* there would be a row, and therefore^ behad better, retire. And his mother; after setting out bis-hot supper, said nothing to him ;about the lateness of the hour, but also retired.' i : ■ •. ■ '< \: Before he had finished hisisupper, there -was a knock at the door.. No one'.in the front could see the light in the! back parlour, and guessing that someone fromlLangdon's Had come .to ask for him. Naylor sat still, saying to himself,V'Lct them knock ! " : \ ■ It was Mrs. liangdon, and refectantly sbe;re turned home,, thinking it possible, as her hus band suggested, that the young men had landed at Lythara when the fog come on,, and there, being no train, .had - been, obligedito stay all night. ' : ■' Next morning, however,before Charles Naylor was out of bed, Mrs. Langdon was ; again at the door, am? Mrs. Nayior aroused her.'son. " Where did you : leave Bertlast>evening,; Charlie ? "■ . " Somewhere down ; the river, when the fogj came on. We lost one?another. But surely he has come home ? " •* No, they have heard nothing oBhim. Ob! Charlie, how could ;you lea.3 hicai? You are bigger and stronger? than he is, andlif anything has— " Don't talk such nonsense, mother! What can have happened to him ?" " But Mrs. Naylor did not,reply; sheswent slowly downstairs with her terrible news, vainly endeavouring ' to .assuage the grief of the stricken mother.■■■''; * . - *• It is no use, Mrs. Naylor '; something tells me my boy islbtt .! The good- die youug*! And sever a better son than my Bsrtie trod the earth. Hel has never willingly causedany one of us a momenfa pain. Ldoa-tblame yooe son. He got fngbten8d, I suf5*»e, whea'the fog ewe -oa, and: was in a horry.to g^t &Mk.; 1 -will come in again, and see him.^ , Mr. Najrlor wentutcilitis?police, and notaite& them that Lis son wasmissing ;,&nd; acting cai 1 their advice, he took the train forLytham, and ' there engaged a email steam trawler to sesrob ; for tiie missing boat. But nothing wasfound; andnotidiajjawezs received of ilsonntr.. On reaching Liverpool, the pilot of. the Macedonia was met by his ' eldest daughter. with the news that her mother ■ had bees found dead ; in bed the previous morn- - ;n£. The message he lad been charged "to de^-' " liver to tho newspaper-offices waBcompletely forgotten, in his grief at the death of his wife, and it was cot until the following Thursday ' that he chanced to see a paragraph iu the " Echo," to the effect that a youog man named Langdon, who went for a row on the Ribble on Saturday evening, had not returned, and it wer supposed he had been lest in the fog. Blaming - himself for his forgetfulneas, the pilot imme diately wired to the. Preston police,to the effect that,the Macedoniai»d .picked up a small boat' with a young man in it, in the Channel, some lea miles wort of 'the Mersey Bar. . . A few hours. afterwards Mr. Langdon was in Liverpool, and after some little trouble found the pilot. • But again the heart-broken father had to endure the torments of suspense. The pilot had to admit that the rescued young man tfaa in a , high fever when he left tho steamer, and Mr! Langdon returned home with a fuller under standing than he had previously possessed of ' that well iicowa text—" Hope deferred maketh the heart sick;" - ' i During that week, Charles Nay lor went about 'like an animated ghost, and won golden opinions | for his evident grief for the supposed Ices of his frtend. But, to. the astonishment of his parents, the news brought by. Mr. Langdon from Liver pool did not chase the gloom from the young man's brow. He seemed to become more melan choly tban before ; and as the time approached.' when the Kangdons might expect to bear from. , their son, ■ if he had recovered, the NaylorW feared that Cbarlie was going out of his mind. , The arrival of the Macedonia' at'Neiw York was duly chronicled in the Liverpool papers,but nothing was said of the resumed castaway; and again the ■ hopes of the Laogdons grew fainter. The tortures of remorse endured -by Charles Najlor during this period it would be impossible to describe. - He could not eat, aud the little e!eep he was able to - obtain ' was broken by - - awful dreams, in which Albert Langdon was drowning, and appealing to him for help. . The fall enormity of the crime he had cammitted, as the result of his mad jealousy, had come.home to him, and he would have givenall he posessed," his hopes, his pro&pecte;, could he bare nnidono' his wicked deed. - ' '■ The hopes'of tho Langdons now centred in: the return of theMacsdonia, and the joy of the' family inay he imagined when a telegram was xeci iv6'd from Ihcir son. handed in" at Queen stown, saying • that he' was quite well, and hoped to be at home within" twenty-four hours: 1 I'mnstgo and fell Wrsl Naylcr ; she says Charlie is fretting himself to ' death." Slid Mrs. Langdon. « . . ... . But the good news had an effect on Chtrlee Naylor that astonished all who knewfcho cii cumstancc 8 He was taken suddenly ill,- and. the doctor said he was in for a sharp attack of brain fever.' for some time his life was in dan ger, and when he was sufficiently recovered to see visitois tbe first to come was Albert Lang don.' ■' He had sot been told . that Langdtn wished to see him, and when his old friend spoke be turned away'his face, crying : "v; " Bertie Langdon ! No, no ; I cannot—-I— tried—" •' •'' Hush,' Charlie I' ' You must 'forget what happened on that day. - It is known only to ' yon and me.. 1 knew jou would be sorry after wards, Charlie. You have been spared a life long miferv. Shake handh old friend." .From that hour Charlie Nsylor r(corered strength rapidly. But for a,long, time l.e avoided tho river, and before be ventured out; his boat bad been sent as a£if t to a bazaar get' up at Southport on behalf of the lifeboat fund.' Only Albert Langdon could have cxplotned why.' After ' that- biain- fever: attack, his friend-' seemed to have suddenly changed from thr youth to the man. His exuberant spirits and tun-loving^ nature had vsnislicd'; and he wee seldom seen to »mile. To the regret' cf Lis parents, he declined to follow the teaching pro fession : Langdon alone guessed his reasons. : Three years afler their ;last row, Ltrigdon married Alice Crook, Kaylor,; after much per suasion, being " best man on the occasion. " How;foolish *to go "rowing on the Kibble when the tide is up, and unable to swim !" re marked bneof the male guests, after the ntwly wedded pair bad depaited for Torquay. Only Albe: t Langdon could have'explained . why Charles Naylor turned pale,his eyes dis tending with horror, as a paragraph from th< local evening .psper. was read, relating how a young.man had been drowned on the nyer, hiv skiff having teen upset as the result of: a << broken rowlock." ' . 