ITEMS OF INTEREST. A telegram has been received from Cun namulla, New South Wales, stating that a large supply of artesian water had been struck on the Cobbram gazing farms. The flow is csfcimatedab about 4,000,000 gallons. This supply will water about 100,000. acres of grass country. ' A verdict of not guilty was given on Tues day, at Brisbane, in thevease 'of Constable' Weston, charged with wilfully wounding the young mon-Scott, whose eyeball was burst by a blow while he was being- arrested. The-Royal Commission on the Queensland ; Government printing office has finished Its; v. labors. It is understood that the commis sion will recommend some drastic reforms. The South Australian Customs returns for, the June quarter show the value of exports £1,454,178, and duties collected £142,330. This is an increase both in value and amount of duty paid. ’ - \- Arrangements on a very large scale arc being Charlton. District Tear ohers 7 Association for the holding of a' mon ster exhibition of school- work in Septem ber, ' . - At Delft the Fourth of July was celebrated i by an American tribute being paid to the memory of Grotius. The members of tiro i Peace Conference attended the proceedings. The Austro-Hungarian Ausgloich may now bo looked upon as complete. The last of the series of bills in which it is embodied passed the second reading last month. What remains to bo done in both halves of the monarchy is merely formal character. During the post two years 1500 juvenile Offenders have been sentenced to imprison ment with hard labor in England. A bill for the introduction of more humane and sensible measures is now before the House of Lords, is hoped, when this passes, the scandal will be put an end to. While the New Zealand horse Gold Medal list was being walked tp Robinson's stable at Foxhill, he fell on the rpad (says an.ex change) and broke his knees. . Geld Medal list js by the Tocal horse Medallion, and was considered the fastest two-year-old ever seen j in Maorilond. The Vauxliall Bridge, over tiip Thames, in London, is being demolished to make room for a new structure. The old bridge was built fax 1809-14, and consisted of nine arch spans of .80 each, with ten cast iron ribs in each arch, each rib weighing about 15 tons. The roadway was laid on cast iron plates, supported on cast iron posts resting on the ribs. Sir Charles Hibberfc Tapper recently for mulated ■ charges of corruption against Yukon .officials, and charged Mr. Sifton, Minister of the interior, with maladministration. He moved for an inquiry and a Royal Commis sion, offering his services as Crown prosecu-j tor gratis, and the forfeit-of his seat in Parliament if he should bo unsuccessful. Last month six rowdy artillerymen brut ally assaulted a-shopkeeper and. his wife and 'assistant at Johannesburg while three policemen watched. One soldier said: “You are English, not Dutch ; wp, shall do what we likVV At tiie charge office the policemen were informed that they ought to have arrested tfie soldiers, and the commandant of the fort promises aninvestigation. ■ ; , .There was A heavy fall of snow in the Styrian and Carinthian Alps on. July 2. The same ,evening tiie districts immediately ] surrounding Prague were visited by a se vere hailstorm winch greatly damaged the crops. On Friday a sudden storm of rain led to tiro inundation of the town of Gross ■Meperitsoli in where the- bridges and a number of other structures were de stroyed. ■ p/'-v';.; On Monday a young roan named iiulahey was riding a bicycle Fyans along tlio Darlington road, near Camper down, when the machine struck a stone, and lie was thrown and stunned, jfto lay for; three horns in a unconscious state, and thus was discovered by Mr. Dawo. On Monday afternoon, Mrs. Bloomfield, of. Melton, left her fpur-ycar-old child at homo' alone to visit her invalid mother at a neigh boring cottage, About 50 yards; distant, and < the child’s dress caught fire. The little one, with olothes in flaracs, ran towards the cot- , tege where its, mother was, and was badly burnt about the.face, arras and upper part of tiie body. It is not expected that the suf-, forer will survive. : i Speaking at the meeting of the S.P.C.A., Bishop Julius put forth a suggestion for educating iho people fix the way of driving horses. Ho-hod ridden, .he said, behind ' good drivers, who would not intentionally hurt their horses, bub from ignorance did so, and ho .thought that, at tubes something might appear in the newspapers on such a subject. ‘The fact was that many of our drivers, both male and female, took to driv ing by luck. They were never taught, and had not the faintest ghost, of a notion how to do it, and tlie.horscssuffered accordingly. A few instructions in the, way had sug gested would have groat value indeed. The success of wireless telegraphy and the remarkable capabilities of the Hertz toys hove led to a French electrical savint, Dr. Lo Bon (states a Dalziel message from Paris) to turn his attention to .tiie possibility .of applying fchis'force fo/modern warfare. The result is the startling announcement that ho hopes shortly to perfect an apparatus by which, seated comfortably at home/ several miles inland, he would be able to project a current capable of annihilating a fleet hover ing off,the. .coast. Tlieexplosionwouldbe occasioned by the shower ot sparks resulting from.the contact between the projected cur rent and' the electric wires on board the ship, which shower would be so intense as to im mediately ignite the powder- and shell on board. • . < , Though certain members of the other Co lonial Legislatures may not be in keeping with greater lights, they (says a Perth cor respondent) compare well with the sort who represent the West Australian gold- fields. One of them was in. his pro-Parliament days a battier for .drinks at tiie . Ho could sing a gong, and daily made his rounds of the hotels and sang ditties in the hope that some chord of tender music might awaken a sympathetic chord in the ariatomy of those at the bar, and draw an invitation of 'Will you join us 1” Ono day.h,o gob up as a labor candidate. He had n big voice and plenty of cheek,, and promised to right the wrongs of tbo Forrest Government, and the working men, young and innocent, sent him in os their representative. There ho is now, and will remain until his four years Imvo ex pired, when it is thought a new electorate. with 50 people or so will bo gazetted, and Mr, - —- will be jockeyed mto it. He rarely, goes to the fields now,and has not been able to get a word in edgeways at any meet ing here for years, m fact, he has just proved about the worst enemy the working men hove in Parliament. 