PENINSULAR REMINISCENCES. The story of the great' campaigns of the Peninsular war, undertaken to deliver not Spain alone, but the whole of Europe, from the military despotism of Napoleon, has been told and retold again and again, and students who desire to familiarise them selves with the achievements of the British arms in that portentous struggle, in which the French uniforms were finally driven back across the Pyrenees, may read the stirring pages of Napier. But, even at the present day, when the 6torms of nearly one hundred years have passed over the bones of those who fell at Badajos and Albuera, there rises now and then the ghost of some veteran to throw the sidelights of individual experi ence upon the distant battlefields. Such a one is Captain Robert Blakeney, of the 28th Regiment ,of Infantry, whose auto biography, edited by Mr. Julian Sturgis, has just been published by John Murray. Robert Blakeney was a young Irishman, who was appointed to an ensigncy in the 28th regiment in July, 1801, and saw service first in Denmark, and afterwards in the Peninsula, under Wellington. He emerged from the decisive battle of Nivelle with a shattered leg, and was invalided home in an almost hopeless condition, but lived to be 70 and to write his memoirs. Captain Blakeney's literary style has little in com mon with that of the professional describer of battles. Nowadays, when every little war produces a crop of terse, vivid, and pic turesque descriptions, written by men trained to seize the salient characteristics of a march or a battle, and quiclf to pre sent the facts in a manner which'-appeals to the imagination, the cumbrous periods of the antique style, and the interminable digressions and divagations to which it is subject, are by no means acceptable. Yeti even when he deals with events which have already been treated by far abler pens, Captain Blakeney's narrative has the special interest which attaches to the experiences of an individual combatant, and one who lets us see the part which he himself played in the great drama of the war. While it is impossible to take anything like a .com prehensive historical survey by this plan, yet the autobiographical method has its own value in bringing the reader face to face with the tragic facts of war, as Zola recognised when he deliberately adopted a kindred device in his great study of the Franco-German conflict, "La Bebacle." : In these memoirs of the Peninsular war' there are no graphic pen pictures such as a George Steevens, a Knight, or a Bennet Burleigh can give us, but there are many quaint reflections, curious anecdotes, and scraps of involuntary character-drawing that help to lighten the tale of slaughter. A good example of the difference between the. styles of the past and present historians of the battle-field is seen by comparing the vivid pea picture of the Sirdar which George Steevena draws in his recent book, and which has been widely quoted, with Captain Blakeney's description of Sir John Moore. "Sir John Moore's:first appear ance," he writes, "produced sentiments in; the beholder not^ remote from reverence. His tail, manly,- and -perfect-form attracted general admiration,-whilir-his brilliant and penetrating .ieye denoted profound observa tion, and proidaim^;|ife^det^mined soldier and jable general. i>HU- Words, voice, and bearing realised all you bad ever imagined of a perfect and highly polished gentleman, endowed with eve/y talent to form the statesjg^^pr^arj^or,His features .were formed to command the attention of man, and.to make hhe.-deepest impresgion pn the female heath. .Mis hjemory, asXhave been told by^old oljioers jyhp .hhfw.hhn jfril, was ^irtraordiip^, Vy$t amiably defective; and .what' L1 ^ JpUy j^ he re done long speeches into tbeWohths of his gene rate oh the eve of every engagement, ^nd , Captain Blakeney follows the illustrious^ precedent, but- some cf hls spre^^Alh .bj; ] no mews s$ epnvinciag.vln1^ the battle of Coninna, the auihbr tvritesj •"A Boy InifebeJPeni^lari't A ventures, and experience* «t :, BoreS B^kenc subaltern In the SBth ^egiraent. v . An aptpW grapliy, edited by Jullan- Btuigts. London., Jo) lfumuv .... •••>.-.' .**' • of Sir John Woor«:»--l'P€rceiving the enemy-' coming forwardto rene^r the struggle, he ordered up a battalion of the Guards, direct- j ing at the some time that the two regi-j ments already engaged should he supplied ( anew with ammunition. The 50th con tinued firm, but the 42nd, mistaking this , as an order to go to the rear for ammuni tion, began to retire. Seeing this, the gene-j ral rode up to the regiment, exclaiming,] 'My brave 42nd, if you have gallantly fired I away all your ammunition, you have still] your bayonets—more efficient. Recollect Egypt. Think on Scotland! Come on, my | gallant countrymen.'- Thus directing the willing 42nd to meet the renewed at tack on Elvina, he had the satisfaction to hear that the Guards were coming up, and, pleased with the progress of the 42nd, he proudly sat erect on his war steed, calmly casting a satisfied glance at the raging war around. It was at this moment that he was struck to the ground by a cannon hall, which laid open the breast of as upright and gallant a soldier as ever freely sur rendered life in maintaining the honour and glory of hiB King and country. On placing Sir John Moore in the blanket in which he was borne to the rear the hilt of his sword got into the wound, and as they tried to take it away he de clined having it moved, saying, 'It may as well remain where it is, for, like the Spar tan with his shield, the Briton should be j taken out of the field with his sword The wound was of the most dreadful na ture; the shoulder was shattered, the arm scarcely attached to the body, the ribs over his heart smashed and laid bare. Thus was Sir John Moore carried to the rear. As be proceeded, perceiving from the direc tion of the firing that our troops were ad vancing, he exclaimed, 'I hope the people of England will be satisfied.' " Young Blakeney sailed from Corunna with the homeward-bound British army in January, 1809, and was then despatched with his regiment to Holland, where he took part in some minor operations, and was present at the capitulation of Flushing. In the following year he was ordered ouce more on foreign sendee, and, landing at Gibraltar, marched to Tarifa. He took part in the battle of Barossa when General Graham routed Marshal Victor and inflicted a crushing defeat on the French forces, with but little assistance from the Spanish troops. There seems to have been a good deal of independent fighting at Barossa, and young Blakeney was always busy. "I now con trived to get eight or ten of the men to gether," he writes, "principally 9th Grena diers and 28th Light Infantry. To this little force I proposed charging a howitzer which was pouring forth destruction imme diately in our front. The proposition being well received, I seized a firelock ■ (there were many spare ones), and on this a drummer named Adams, of the 28th Gre nadiers Company, said that were he not afraid of being obliged to pay for his drum .he also would take a musket. Upon my telling the boy that I would pay for his drum, he flung it away and armed. I have always thought Adams the bravest man, or rather boy, whom J ever met—not for seiz ing a musket and gallantly charging, for in excitement that was natural enough; but that he should stand calmly calculating the price of a drum when huudreds of balls were passing close to his body is scarcely credible; but so it was." Of course, they captured the howitzer, bayonetting the gun ners, and then they took part in the final charge. "The Guards and flankers now rushed forward, when with loud and mur muring sounds Rufin's whole division, to gether with Rousseau's chosen grenadiers, were instantly in whirling motion rolled down into the valley below, leaving their two brave generals mortally wounded on the hill, which was now in possession of j their conquerors. The battle was won, and the gallant Graham triumphantly stood on the bristling crest . of Barossa's' blood - drenched hill." After the battle of Arroyo Molinos, in which General Gerard's corps were almost totally j destroyed, young Blakeney was selected to escort the Prince d'Arenberg, who was a prisoner of war, to Lisbon. The sub altern was removed for a time from active military operations, and reports many of the conversations which he had with his distinguished prisoner. One anecdote indicates the French temperament at that time amusingly enough. "On one occasion, when a large party of French officers dined with us," so runs the narrative, "the Prince asked me to what town in England I thought it likely he would be Bent as prisoner of war. -This I could not possibly' answer. He then asked which I con sidered the second town in England. I «nid that from% commercial point of view we generally ranked Liverpool next to London, but as places of fashionable re sort, Brighton, Bath, and Cheltenham ranked much alike. I inadvertently asked i him .which he considered the second town in France. 'Rome,' said he, "ranks the second, aM" Amsterdam the third.' I remarked' that' 'then we had no longer an Italy or afHbllan'dr 'YuB,' replied the Prince^;b^i'^hut by a latej edict oftjie J2»peror .thoae two towns are] annexedto France,LutSwlsnot the policy] .t >a m.irk < of Stomas! But Bloke-: ney was ^etf»hunedj»"6mke a repartee, and when - the Prince expressed his-horror j of the-Tong -sea voyage : to'lEpgland, the< subaltern reassured him by declaring that, I after leayjngthe tjuay -et «Jhkbonv.'tbqy.j would be in England in t\vp hours. "After j clearing :ifttt|$t, JuUan,'at |he;,uiouth p£ | the river, you ate-then at sea and arrived," Explained the facetious youth, "for by an! old edict rccognised by everyiBovereijfn in ] Europe, ^All the seas are |jSigland.'" Tl»e : whole company endeavoured, though/awk wardly, to for$e a laugh except Le^nin, whose scowling frown indicated, his chag rib and I fanciedthat I distinguished the word 'betise' muttered between his teeth." After safely despatching his pri soner by sea, young Btakeuey rejoined his regiment, and was soon afterwards pro-' moted to a company,In the 36th. The capture of Fort Picurina, and the sub sequent storming pf Badajos, which was, perhaps, the moat dramatic of the four great sieges of the whole war, are described with a great wealth of adjectives, but with an inadequacy of detail that is disappointing. Compared with Napier's great picture of the night attack across the Rivillas River, the terrific mine explosions in the ditch where the BritBh troops were swept by grape and shrapnel from end to end, the furious escalade, and at last the winning of the town, Blakeney's narrative is tame and ineffective. But he relates the deplorable events which followed upon the fall of the town with horrifying direct ness. "The scenes in the castle that night were of a most deplorable and terrific nature; murders, robberies, and every species of debauchery and obscenity were seen, notwithstanding the exertions of the officers to prevent them." The noise made by the affrighted cattle that had been driven into the castle was terrific, and in addition they had the shrill screaming of affrighted children, the pierc ing shrieks of frantic women, the groans of the wounded, the savage and discordant yells of drunkards, firing at everything and in all directions, and the continued roll of mus ketry kept up in error on the shattered gateway. All that night and for the next two days and nights "savage murders and degrading obscenity wantoned in devoted Badajos." It is a terrible indictment that this painfully truthful young officer pre sents against the victors at Badajos. "There was no safety for women, even in the churches, and any who interfered or offered resistance were sure to get shot. Every house presented a scene of plunder, debauchery, and bloodshed, committed with wanton cruelty on the persons of the defenceless, inhabitants by our soldiery, and in mahy^nstancesT beheld savages tear the' gings from the earsoef Beautiful women, kvho wer^tWhB yjcrtims, grid when the ringsNcSaJdnot be limiiediat&ly; removed from their hkrifffliey tore tliem off witbTMdjr fefeth. l\JCn, women, and children were shot in "the streets for no other apparent reason than pastime; every species of outrage was publicly com mitted in the houses, churches, and streets, and in a manner so brutal that a faithful recital would be too indecent and too shocking to humanity." "The author gives many specific in stances bearing out his general charge, and one turnis the dark page with relief to follow him into the sun shine once more: After reaching Lis bon by sea he started off, accompanied by an artillery officer, to rejoin his regiment, ] and at Reynosa, these two worthies were billeted in the house of an hidalgo, and made the acquaintance there of "two beau tiful young ladies, nieces of a high church dignitary." The artillery officer persuaded one of the ladies to elope with him, and the heroine, in order to elude discovery, determined to travel for a stage or two in male attire. Blakeney lent her a hat and a pair of top boots, and the artillery officer provided a pair of doeskin inexpressibles. This was the sequel. "The anxiously looked-for dawn having appeared, we be held the little lady emerging from lier room fully equipped for travelling. Her costume certainly caused some mirth. My friend's doeskins, not being sufficiently ample, were ripped down the rear, hut for security as well as to prevent untoward ^cidents the I I young lady had established a communica^ J tion between the separated parts of - the ■ dress by cross-lacing or frogging, such as | may be seen across the breast of a husBar's | blue frock. My hat was tastefully perched on the crown of her head, and with the addition of a pair of jockey boots and a handsome whip she had all the appearance of a smart and fashionable postilion." How ever, a vigilant aunt and a host of servants frustrated the plot. "Protestations of honourable intentions," he concludes sadly, "were in vain. The poor little postilion was made prisoner and marched back to the house, while we slunk off crestfallen and abashed." 