STAGELAND. ? . . ? —^ ? i_^ ? : ? . _, HEATRICALLY the week ' i 'tx^ has been uneventful. \- \s 'The Geisha' is stm ®* running strong at Her »*L . Majesty's, ana gocwt V V&. bouses have been the sMl ,\\\\\ ruJe at the ^y81 VP^a M \ and the Lyceum.. ^ \\# Jk 'where changes of C\ ^J^*(L/J$Sk tom are announced «V ^i-S&BB; for to-night. At the English RoW'gives place to 'The Work Girl;' while 'After Dark' replaces 'The Octoroon' at the latter. At Easter Messrs. Hollo-way and An derson move from the Royal to the Ly ceum, of which they hare taken a long lease. The company will be' strengthened somewhat, and their new habitat will be opened with an ela borate^ production ol s sensational play by Mr. Clarence Burnette, en titled 'Our Guardian Angel.' 'The Forty Thieves' pantomime, having 'play- ed' Newcastle, opened at Brisbane on Tuesday evening. Quite a number of variety -stars are to leave England within the next two or three months, under engagement to Mr. Harry Rickards. These include the Keziah Sisters, gymnasts; Mr. Wood son, contortionist; Mr. $. H. Douglas, character comedian; Mr. Alex. Hurley, coster comedian; Mr. Geo. Spry and Miss Plorrie Austin, duettists; the trick bicyclists. Valderes; M. Verto and Mile. Irene, musical specialists; Mr. Tom Eng lish, a musical clown ; Miss Lily English, a whist ler; and last, but not least, M. Paul Cinquevalli, a well-known entertainer, who is timed to arrive by the end of M-irch. Cinquevalli' s is the most expensive engagement Mr. Rickards has ever made in England. At Melbourne Princess's to-night, Mr. Brough ?will produce for the first time in Australia H. V.. Esmond's comedy in three acts entitled 'One Summer's Day.' This height, idyllic comedy was first produced by Mr. Chas. Hawtrey at the Co-, medy Theatre, London, in 1897, when it ran for upwards of 150 nights. Miss Grace Noble, who has returned to Australia under engagement to Mr. Brough, will make her re-appearance in 'One Summer's Day.' Mr. Brough, by the way, has ac quired (by cable) the colonial rights of 'The Brixton Burglary,' a successful farce now running at Terry's Theatre, London. When the mail left, Mrs. Brown-Potter had quite recovered from her recent severe illness, and was bjack again at Her Majesty's, playing Miladi in 'The Musketeers,' 'with all the spirit and fascination that commanded so much atten tion on the first night of the production.' The actress had a very cordial reception at the hands of- a large audience. Lieutenant Dan Godfrey and his band are an nounced for a tour in the United States next month. Mme. Melba delighted our American cousins at New York recently by introducing 'The Star Spangled Banner' into the lesson scene in *TU Barbiere.' Miss Nellie Stewart is said to be getting £80 per .week for her services as principal boy at Drury Lane. The .present nightly receipts ait the big theatre are stated to average £600! Mr. Dan Leno, who is playing the Captain in 'The Forty Thieves' at Drury Lane, has signed a pantomime contract for that theatre for thirty eight years, which, all being well, he hopes to carry out. All being well, therefore. Leno will be seen at Drury Lane in 1336, at the age of se venty-five! \ Mrs. Andrew Lang, the wife of the well-known : author and literary critic, recently blossomed in to an amateur actress. She took part in a per- ; fonnance of 'The School for Scandal' with the students of St. Andrew's, Edinburgh. Mr. Arthur Chudleigh contemplates, it is said, producing at the Court Theatre (London), a ren dering by Messrs. Aubrey Boucicault and Os- - inond Shillingford' of 'Les Premieres Armes de | Richelieu,' one of the pieces given by Dejazet, i whose favorite it was, on opening in 1870 the Opera Comique. Ibsen is at a discount in Paris. Every now and again, an attempt is made to revive an interest in the works of this serious i author in the gay city, but with scant success. ? At the AntoJne Theatre, for instance, 'Ghosts' was recently produced, and the performance ap pears to have fallen quite flat. The play written by Mrs. T. P. O'Connor, with Charles Stewart Farnell as chief character, has i been christened 'A Lost Leader.' Mrs. Patrick Campbell, who lias secured the acting rights, is to put it to the public test at Dublin during her forthcoming tour. Max O'Rell's play 'The Prince of Wealth,' de- ! scribed as a witty, sarcastic piece, with an emo- j tional undercurrent, was announced for produc- ! tion in New York last month by Miss Olga Ne thersole. Later on, it is said, Miss Nethersole in tends presenting a dramatised version of one of Mr. Rudyard Kipling's most famous short stories, of which she has secured the entire rights. Miss Frances Lane, of the well-known Sisters !Lane, and sister of Miss Madge Ellis, was repor ted to be dying in New York when the mail left, j \- The Sisters Lane occupy a very prominent place j on the American variety stage, and although they have had numerous offers from London they never entertained them. The Royal Carl Rosa Company had secured the ILyceum Theatre for a six weeks' season when the mail left. During the first week, 'Tannhauser,' 'Carmen,' 'Faust,' 'Lohengrin,' 'Pagliaecx,' and 'Cavalleria Rusticana' were to be performed.; and in the course of the second week, 'Tristan ? and Isolde' was to be given in English for the first tima in London. Sir Henry Irving has. benefited greatly by his stay in Bournemouth. He hopes, about Easter, to be able to go on tour through the provinces, af ter which he will return to the Lyceum. In Oc tober he proposes setting out on an American tour. A Chinese opera called 'San-Lin,' based upon Baily Femald's drama 'The Cat aiid the Che- ' rub,' first done at the Lyric in the autumn of 1897, is about to be produced at Breslau. The li bretto, by Henry Blan, is in English. The music has been composed by Mr. Victor Hollander, who is the musical conductor at the new Coronet Theatre, Notting Hill (Eng.). The reputation of the music hall stage is not likely to suffer by the determined stand taken in New York recently by Miss Cissie Loftus. This , clever artiste was billed to appear at Koster and j Bial's, but in a worded letter .handed to all the | newspapers in advance, declared that she could j never degrade her art by appearing on the same j stage with such a performance as the duel between ; two figurantes' 'stripped to the waist and wearing j fleshings. The management making no reply, Miss Loftus opened with Mr. Lederer at the Ca sino. One of the biggest fiascos in the musical world of Paris is 'La Burgonde,' the new work produc ed the other week at the Grand Opera, Paris. Or ders were said to be flying about like snowflakes, and on the second night of its representation, num bered stalls and places in private boxes were freely given away. ? Under the management of Mr. Eade Montefiore, a Pinero Comefiy Company is being formed for the purpose of continuously performing the ' lighter plays of Mr. Pinero in all the theatrical towns of the United Kingdom. Mr. MontefioBe proposes com mencing operations in June,- and his repertoire will consist at first of 'The Amazons,' 'Trelawny ot the 'Wells,' ' ''The Hobby Horse,' 'Dandy Dick,' 'Sweet Lavender,' and 'The Magistrate.' Novelli's success in Paris has given the socie taire of the Comedie Francaise, M. »Silvain, the idea of going to Italy to appear in hie famous role of Louis XL Several preliminary paragraphs of a highly complimentary nature concerning the French actor have appared in the Italian papers, i paragraphs probably inspired by Novell!, who, ;when in Paris, went to ta matinee at the Francais 'to isee this particular play. '?? It cannot be said that the drama Is'meglected by the municipalities in Germany. Four 'important cities-^Cologne, Frankfort, Kiel, and Nuremberg ' — are about to build new municipal theatres. The Frankfort one will cost -about £75,000, of which £15,000 has been voluntarily., subscribed, and the rest will be met by the civic authorities. An. interesting wedding tool$ place at Turin re cently, when Mile. Marguerite Tamagno, daugn ter of the world-famed tenor, was married to Mr. Alfred Talamone, son of a wealthy Milan silk merchant. Tamagno, , who positively adores his daughter, it is said, sang, an 'Ave Maria' at the service, composed especially for the occasion, in such a manner that it stirred the entire assembly. Over 400 guests attended the ceremony. Miss Loie Fuller, the celebrated fire-dancer, at the outset of her stage career, had an experience which, at some time or other, has fallen to the lot of not a few professionals. She had been hir ed to act in a German town at a considerable sal ary, but after performing' for a month and en treating in vain for her money, she was horrified to get up one morning and -find her agent fled with all her salary. She and her mother, who was de pendent ons her, were left penniless in Germany. The manager of the local theatre, however, took pity on her, advanced her a little money, prolong ed her engagement, and thereby extricated her from her difficulty. Things have not been going well1 with Miss Julia Arthur and her husband, Mr. B. P. Cheney, in New York. Miss Arthur, not succeeding in her ambitious performances in a repertory at Wal lack's, ceased playing after a matinee on Decem ber 26, and is now being sued through her hus band for £2000 damages for breach of agreement. Mr. Canby. one of the most experienced of Ame rican managers, has now undertaken the piloting of Miss Arthur. The Shaksperian repertory is to be abandoced, and in addition to further ex ploiting 'A Lady of Quality,' Edmond Rostand's new play, which follows 'Cyrano de Bergerac' in Paris, will be produced. Miss Artkur having ac quired the American rights. Barnum and Bailey have discovered a new giant to add to their collection of wonders at Olympia. His name is Hassan AM, and he is said to be with out doubt the largest man now living. Hassan is 20 years old, and comes from Egypt. He was born on the oasis of Siwah-Amons of Arabian pa rents, but has for some time made Cairo his home. His actual height in his bare feet Is 2 metres and 4G centimetres (7ft lOin). Hassan was married some months ago to a young Egyp tian 14 years of age, but when he started for Eu rope he left his girl-wife at home in Cairo. He was found by one of Mr. Bailey's agents in Ger many, 'and was engaged by telegraph. A fair 'serio' of the London halls received, one evening recently, a note from an admirer, who stated that he would on the following night be in the stalls of the hall at which she was en gaged, and that she would be able to identify him by a red tie and a bunch of violets in his button hole. . As the lady happened to be married, her husband took the affair in hand, and when the astonished admirer arrived at the hall he found no less than three other gentlemen with red ties and bunches of violets. ' He did not stay long, but hastened away, a sadder and perchance a wiser man. ? i Though he seldom loses an' opportunity of ad ?yertising himself, Mr. Wilson Barrett can do good by stealth, as an incident recorded in a contem porary shows. ^ When the actor was leaving Syd ney he lavishly made presents to those who had been associated with him in his season here. One, however, a player who had seen much ser vice, he, apparently, forgot — but only apparently. From Adelaide Mr. Barrett wrote to Mr. William son's representatives that he wished to give this gentleman a certain weekly payment, but that not liking to offer the money personally, he had paid it into the manager's credit for subsequent periodical disbursement That pretty, practical gift, is being enjoyed still, and the motive and manner of it are both obviously highly creditable to Mr. Barrett While in Chicago recently, Mr. Hall Caine named for the first time the original of the character of John Stcrm in 'The Christian.' He said: 'John Storm bad not one, but two proto types in life. One I will- call Father J., and the other is James Adderly, son of a peer. Jim Ad aeny was an Oxford man, and when he secured his degree he turned his back on the West End, and went to live in the slums. He drifted to wards monasticism. When I made his acquain tance he was wearing a robe of the Anglican monk, a cord about his waist three-knotted, to show that he had taken the vows. He was the physical likeness of John Storm, and, like him, he left his class to serve an ascetic ideal.' An interesting feature of the production in New York of Anthony Hope's latest play, 'Ru- pert of Hentzau,' is to be the appearance of Miss Jobyna Howland in the role of the Princess Fla via. Miss Howland- was the model for the Prin cess in Mr. Charles Dana Gibson's illustrations of Mr. Hope's novel, and has been sketched by Mr. Gibson for many of his latest studies. Mr. Hope's special desire, expressed to Mr. Daniel Frohman. was that a tall, slender young girl should be engaged for the role of the Princess, because this was the author's idea, physically, of the character; and Miss Howland is said to meet these requirements. She -is nearly 6ft in height, and will support Mr. James K. Hackett, who is himself above the average height, as are also most of the other members of the company. - 'Pjhroso,' the new romantic drama founded on Anthony Hope's story by Edward Rose and H. V. Esmond, was presented for the first time in New Tork at the Empire Theatre on December 26, and was -very favorably received. The play is in four acts. The principal personages are Lord Wheat ley, an adventurous young man who has bought the island of Neopalia in the Grecian Archipelago, but has difficulty in securing the title; Constan tine, the nephew of Stefan Stefanopoulos, the is land's former ruler; Mouraki Pasha, the Turkish Governor; and the Lady Euphrosyne, or Phroso, heiress of the former lords of the isle. The three men claim the island, and yearn alike for the heart and hand of Phroso; and the play re solves itself into a triangular contest of craft, wit, and daring in which there are many exciting episodes. Miss Jessie Millward played Phroso very successfully. . Another highly sensational piece was set before the Boxing Night audience at the Ostend Theatre, Berlin — 'Der Brandstifter,' a musical, spectacu lar melodrama, in five acts, by G. Orkonowsky. A Hamburg firm — Stubborn and Company — carry their criminal swindles Co an unusual extent. One of the most successful tricks is the insuring their ships for a great amount and having them wreck ed by pirates specially engaged for the purpose. The head of the ficm, after ruining many fami lies, is overtaken by Nemesis and burnt to death in a huge boiler where he had secreted fraudulent documents.' His partner poisons himself to save his head from the penalty of the law, and wrongs are generally righted. The piece, being satis factorily acted, was cordially received. Mr. Maurice Grau has published an interesting comparison of the cost of grand opera in New York and London. It appears that in the former city 110 representations cost £130,000. The re ceipts are expected this year to exceed £200,000, and may, perhaps, reach £240,000 or £250,000. The actual cost of productions in London is only about half what it is in New York, where also the returns are double what they are here, the ca pacity of the Metropolitan Opera House being about twice as great as Covent Gardens. In con sequence of this the chief singers receive only half the sums they get in New York, while the super numeraries' pay is also from 40 to 60 per cent, less. More disproporionate still is a comparison between the largest amount of money held at one time by Covent Garden, £900, with that held by the Metropolitan Opera House, £2532. A theatrical correspondent has supplied an Eng lish contemporary with the following ^amusing letter from the pen of David Garrick. It is written to an individual, Hopkins by name, who appears to have been at that time prompter at Drury Lane: I tell you,- Hopkins (Garrick writes from South hampton-street),.! tell you the man will never answer the purpose of the theatre, for, in the first place, he cannot make even a reasonable moon. I would not give threepence a dozen for such moons as he showed me this day, -and Ms suns are, if possible, worse. Then, though I gave him.' exact directions about the clouds, such d- ? d clouds as he has created for me were never, seen since. the flood. -Kindly desire the carpenter to knock the fellow's ' rainbow to pieces, for il/is worse than execrable. The only thing tolerable are Ms stars. Of course, I make no doubt of Ms honesty; but, until he can make me at least a lifelike sun and moon and rainbow, I must dis pense with his furher services. Prejudices £ls hard. The Rev. J. Dunk, a 'Wes- leyan minister at Wolverhampton, in a recent sermon, uttered the sentence, 'You have seen the clown in a pantomime on the boards of a theatre.' One of the congregation shouted out 'I have not been to the theatre.' The preacher begged the speaker's pardon, and the latter explained, 'You have referred to this matter at two services, or I would not have mentioned it.' A little later the preacher said, 'You all know what a clown is?' The former, interrupter then excitedly called out that he did not know what a clown was; that he objected to the word; and that Mr. Dunk, as a Wesleyan minister, had no right to stand in a Wesleyan pulpit and assume that the members of the congregation went to the theatre. Mr. Dunk will doubtless hesitate before crediting his con gregation as a whole with average intelligence. A romantic reunion came about recently in Lancaster. Over twenty years ago a brother and sister, born in Lancaster, were separated. The girl went away, and all trace of her was lost. Fcr fully twenty years brother and sister never heard of each other. The girl went on the stage, mar ried, and made the variety stage her special forte. While she and her husband were at the Palace of Varieties, Brock-street, Lancaster, lately, she happened to remark that she was a native of Lancaster, and once had a brother living there, but had not heard of him for over tventy years. She mentioned his name, and, curiously enough, a person who happened to be in the company knew him intimately, and was able to tell the de-' lighted sister that he was alive and doing well. The next day they were re-united, to their mu tual joy and satisfaction. Miss Jenny Dover is the heroine of this little story. Mrs. -Charles Mathews (widow of the famous comedian), who died recently at Brighton (Eng.), ?was an excellent adviser of her husband, who was not naturally thrifty or economical; and Mathews appreciated her qualities. He wrote, in refer ence to the visit to America (in 1857); on which they met: 'I had begun to despair of ever amassing money, and I gave it up as a bad job, returning after a year's absence, as usual, without bringing back with me the treasure I expected. However, a treasure I did bring back with me more valuable than any I counted on — a prudent, economical, industrious little helpmate, who, by two or three years of good management, repaired the cruelty of fortune in other respects, and who with a clear little head and a good little heart at length did for me what I had never been able to do for myself — kept my expenditure within my income.' Mrs. Mathews maiden stage name was Lizzie Davenport. While passing through Georgia on his last American tour, Paderewski was handed a letter from a certain grande dame and noted society leader of a large Western city. It was a most gushing epistle, and, after several pages of what was evidently intended as a tribute to his art, the writer wound up by requesting 'a lock of hair,' and inclosed a stamp for return postage. Paderewski's secretary indited the following re ply: 'Dear Madame, — M. Paderewski directs me to say that it affords him much pleasure to com ply with your request. You fail to specify whose hair, you desire, and, .to avoid .error, ??, he ? -teasV; secured a sample from each of the staff en ybyv age; to wit, his manager, his secretary, his valet, his two cooks, and his waiter, together -with a small portion from a cat and a mattress, belong ing to M. Pullman, proprietaire of the coach de luxe which we occupy. I have the honor to be, ? your obedient servant.' There was some up roarious sport in collecting the souvenirs, espe cially that contributed by the cat belonging to M. the proprietaire Pullman, but they were finally secured, and the package mailed at the next sta tion. One wonders what the emotions of Pade rewski's admirer must have been when she gazed on that collection of hirsute freaks. 