The Doctor's Christmas. (Br T.C.A.) §WA8 sitting one Christmas evening, a few years ago, in my consulting room er lagged after a day's work and looking forward to the morrow, as I exp cted som* old friends, and I hoped to spend a real merry Christmas Day with them. My ohildren came in to say good night—they were full of laughter and expectation of Ban'a Glaus' visit—so I kissed them all and their mother paoked them off to bed earl* 00 that they would be fresh for their frolic in the early dawn. I had no Berious oases on hand, and I made .arrangements to havo Christmas Day all. to myself. My wif» came into the room and we settled down to a comfortable chat. It was a lovely evening, bright moonlight,' and we sat at the open i window and relished the peaceful scene I omitted to say that my praotice was not j very extensive nnd having private means! we settled down in the New England district, for I consider the climate thore the bebt in N.S.W. Presently, we couM hear a horse's hoof breaking the stillness, it came nearer and nearer yoing at a fast canter. • Hope it's no one for me1 I remarked, •I am afraid it is' said my wife. _ * See, he is coming down the hill' and in a few . minutes a man rode up, jumped off his smoking steed and rang the bell loudly. 1 went to the door and found a man with • note. 4 Ifs very urgent, Sir,' said he. I tore open the envelope, and found I was wanted at a station about 15 miles away, the owner having been thrown from his horse and was supposed to bo seriously injured. X was the only doctor within a few miles, so I was in duty bound to go—Christmas eve or no—the worst of it was I sent my man away for a holiday bo I had to harness up the horse myself. X asked the bearer of the message if I conld give him a lift, but be declined, saying he was going home to see his people. I went in to the house and bid my wife good-bye and took a few necessarieB with me got in the sulky, and Btarted on my solitary drive of 15 mileB by moonlight. I travelled over the first five miles in splendid style. When the road became rough and uneven I had to go steady. I travelled abont another mile when my horse gave a most vicious shy, what he had never done before. I oould Bee nothing to frighten him only a big bine gum tree, aad paat that he would not badge. I called out ' Is anyone there ? ' but no answer was returned. I used ■ the whip on the horse, he reared ^ up and < bolted with me; we went at a terrific pace j for about half-a-milei when I was able to j pull him np. I got out of tha sulky and petted him a bit, he seemed quite nervous, but otherwise quiet. I got in the sulky again and we started off at a nice steady trot, ' We had » quick drive, master, that last mile/ i« I looked round and up and down, but did N not aee anyone, so thought it was but my imagination. • Ha, ha, ba! you didn't know you had a mate with you, master,' again said the voice, still I conld see no one; but now I oould fttl Bemeone sitting beside me I I am not what you would oall a nervous man, but I muBt own to a peculiar feeling down my back. ( I remarked, • Are you in the sulky ? ' ' I am Bitting beBide you, master,' was the ^ ivho are you then ?' said I. ' Never mind, now, who I am, but you are goiag to Bee old Tom D at Dooble doo"; and he's dead, or very near it, anyhow,' said the Unknown. I felt very uncomfortable and repeated my. question: • Who are you, and when did yon get in the sul^ ?' ' Ha, ha, ha I Your horse knew wbeD I got in; be saw me at the old gam-tree,' spoke the Unknown. I aotually shivered. • Feel cold ?' asked my companion. • N-no,' stammered I. 1 Yon've got a flask with you, dootor; give's a swig.' ' I pulled the flask out of my pocket, intending to have a nip myself, but as I raised it to my lips it was gently taken from my trembling hand, and I heard the gnrgle as the spirit went down what I presumed was the Unknown's throat, and it placed the flask baok into my hand, and, more over, it was empty I • Sorry, dootor, but if you were as cold as I am yoa would drink a bottlefnl,' spoke • the Unknown. ' Are you man or devil ?' said I in a rage. • Neither, dootor—I am a friend of yours.' ' Have yon a name ?' quoth I. «YeB, dootor; I'll tell yon presently, but listen! do yon know it'a nearly twelve o'clock on ChriBtmaa Eve ?' • Well 9' said I. ' Weill in a few minutes it will be Christmas Day, and I wont to wish yon a right merry Christmas. If I don't, I won't be able to afterwards ; so shake hands, old fellow a real good Christmas Bbake. . Doctor, oome on 1' Now, dear rcador, please imagine your self driving along a Holitary bush road by yourself on a moonlight night, and feeling that some person waa sitting bpside yon that you conld not boo ; and talking to a " something who conld drink raw brandy and shake yonr hand and wiBh yon a merry ObriBtmaB. I Bay, put yourself in my plaoe ' rad fanoy what your feelings wnld ; then yon can imag no m s >me small decree what mine were. I shivered bll over na the ghostly hand touohed mine. I believe I oried out when it burst out ia loud laughter : • Ha, ha, ha, ha I Oome, dootor ; shake Imnda, a real good Christmas to you, dear boy. I wish you a m>i • v Christmas and a happy New Year, your packets foil of money, and your oellar fall of beer—eh I dootor, dootor; Jack, dear, ita 12 o'olock— I wish you a merry Christmas; one kiss, JaokdtMrl' I believe I fainted. Did lever reaoh my journey's end? yon ask. Well, no, I didn't, beoauae it aeema it oame about in thiB way: That, being Christmas Eve, I had been reading a ghost story to enter tain my friends with on the morrow, and, wbile talking to my wife when sitting at the open window, I dropped off to sleep and dreamed a dream, and, as the night was warm, my denr .wife—God bless her— allowed me to sleep antil it waB striking 12 o'olook. It was her kiss that woke me, the night air that oaused me to Bhiver ; but I really felt all I have tried to describe in this brief tale, and I only hope lione of my readers will have n similar experience—but I do hope they will all fpaud a real huipy OhristmaB. 