THE STORY-TELLER. A SLENDER CLUE. ST WAHDEJtER. "Hillol Hfflo! Wherefore theseundigni fied antics, and tibia lame iftte uapariiaroen-1 tary language?" cried Mr. Sharpe, as he en tered my sitting-room and found me disc ing a fandango on* the hearth-rug, what time I addressed sundry "cursory" remarks to the universe at large. "I had no idea you }>ossesaed such an extensive vocabulary. Why, a Mississippi River pilot wouldn't have the ghost of a show with you, and, according to Mark Twain, they, are the most fluent artists in that direction on darth. What's the matter, anyhow?" "You would discover a hitherto un dreamed of fount of profanity in yourself," I replied, nursing my right hand tenderly the while, "if yon had just squashed your linger as flat as the proverbial pancake. I went into my bedroom a minute ago for a handkerchief, and in closing the door I jammed my finger. I hope the carpenter who made it rrtay take a mesa machiiier,' as I key Mo would say. It means someiiing horrible, hut I'm sure I don't know how it's spelt. I'm afraid the nail will come oft. See, it's turning black already." Mr. Sharpe examined the injured digit ! which I held up for his inspection. "I don't wonaer at your little outburst now," said he. "You'll have a bad finger if you don't get it seen to at once. Looks as if the bone were crushed. No! Ah, then, you'll get off with the loss of the n'ail and a permanent enlargement of the first joint. Strange! it's the third finger, too. Ha, ha, ha! It would be funny if' "I don't see anything funny about it," I interrupted, with some heat. It's nothing to laugh at, I assure you." "Pardon me, my dear old c-hap," ex claimed my friend. "I. wasn't laughing at your injury, hut at a thought it suggested to ine. You know I wouldn't make fun of you for the world, at least, not while you are suffering." "No, I don't think you would," I replied, somewhat mollified, "but a thing like this is apt to make one short tempered. J shouldn't have snapped you up so quickly." "Don't mention it, my boy," rejoined Sharpe. "Come, let. me dress that bruise for you—I know where you keep your lint and things—and then I'll tell you why I laughed just now." Sharpe lit a caudle and led the way into my bedroom, where he proceeded to dress my fiDger with the skill of one who had learned> the trade—I beg my medical readers' pardon—the profession. "There! I don't tlunk it will pain you very much now," said my friend, when' he had deftly secured his bandage. "You can get some ointment or a cooling lotion in the morning if it becomes much inflamed." "It feels splendid, thanks." I replied. "Let's get back to the fire, and then you can unfold your tale." "When looking at your finger," began Sharpe, after we had made ourselves com fortable, and tried the effect of a 'lotion' somewhat different from that referred to above, "I was irresistably reminded of a ease which gave me a vast deal of trouble, one of the chief actors in which had the third finger of his right hand disfigured, in the same way as yours will be. When the new nail grows, you'll see it will he thick and round, and the top of the finger altogether will be larger than before—wrrat is called a 'base ball finger' in America.. Mow that I come to think of it you're not at all unlike the. man. I am speaking of. With a full beard instead of that mou stache, and a stone or two extra weight, you might easily be mistaken for him. But don't be alarmed; he's never likely to ; regain his liberty, so's there's little chance j of your being picked up by some zealous officer, to answer for your double's mis deeds. "You may remember a certain club which figured largely in a story 1 told you some time ago? Ah, yes, of course. I re collect your publishing the yarn. Well, that club was the starting [mint of this affair also. As I told you,—it was a very pleasant lounge. One met a lot of decent fellows there, and if they were a bit wild, and gambled pretty heavily now and then, ; most of them had plenty of money, and could afford to pay for their whistle. As the bedrooms were comfortable, and the restaurant open at all hours, many men took advantage of its accommodation, in fact, some of them lived there altogether. "One night, or morning, I should say, I had dropped in as usual to hear the latest news, when one of the waiters called me aside, and said the Manager wished to see i me at once in his office. When I entered his sanctum, Mr. Ross, as I shall call him, rose to greet me with a smile, which was J soon replaced by a worried expression, such j as I had never before seen on his genial countenance. " '^orry to troiinie you, onarjx;, u<= ire gam, 'but I'll really have to do something, 'llie thing's going too far. But I'm talking in riddles.' Let me explain. I've been wor rying over the affair so much that I fancy every one else knows all about it.' " 'Take your time, then,' J replied, 'and give me the points as clearly as possible. Somebody been getting at yon, I suppose?' " 'Weil, yes, in a way. Not in business— the house was never doing better. This is a. private matter. In point of fact, I've been robbed thrice within the past month, and I can't for the life of me think who has done it. I've kept the thing quiet for the sake of the house. If it got about that thieves made the place a stamping ground, it would just about ruin us.' " 'Yes,' said J, 'men would not care to stay in a house where such things went on, especially men like your patrons, who often have a good deal of cash about them. Tell me the particulars.* '■ 'You know,' proceeded Ross, 'that it is my custom to lie down for an hour or two in the afternoon, so as to be fresh for night work. When I go- upstairs I always take . the cash with me, barring the change which is recjuirpcl in the saloon. Sometimes I count it; but, if very tired, I do not do so. Before I -lie down' I invariably place the cash in one of the drawors of iny wardrobe, and lock my bedroom door. This has beer. my constant practice eve'r since I came here —for some four years that is to say—and up till a month ago I never lost a shilling. I've had some tidy amounts in that drawer, too, at different times. When we've been very busy, as at race time, I've had as much as £300 there—a tempting enough haul for a thief—hut it lias never been touched. Why not put it in the safe? Well, you see the safe is in rather an exposed position here -in the outer office, and, as all our papers and account-hooks are kept in it, I nave to leave it open for the convenience of the clerk. When he goes off duty in the evening I always place the cash m the safe, because then I can lock it and keep the key. Now, for the first time I was robbed. " 'I liad lain down, as usual about i o'clock, after putting my Cash away, and planing my watch cm the table lie side my bed. I am positive, too. that I locked the door. Just as I was dozing off J heard a slight sound as of some one trying the handle. Thinking that the housemaid, perhaps, wanted to get in, J sung out, 'Who s there?' There was no reply, nor did I 1 hear* any footsteps going" away, j Fancying my ears had deceived me, 1 torn-1 ed rojiittaa*id went fa4f. asleep; 1 am a very sound »lcepcr, so sound, indeed, that the boots «0me&me8; ftnas to pound on the door for ttwo or three minutes to wake tne. This evening, however, the dinner gong roused me, and I got up end lit the gas. My room is -badiy lighted, end one needs «he gas there long betore it is wanted elsewhere in the house. When I was ready to go, down stairs I went to the drawer for my cash. You wifld have knocked me down with a feather when I found it 'had. vanished. I looked everywhere, thinking J might have mifkid it, but no—not a copper could 1 fin-J. My bedroom door Was still locked; it was ire/possible to enter by the window without being seen; where in tli under, then., Could the money have gone? My watch and chain—both of them gold, and worth £40 o<r £50—were untouched. Surely no ordinary' thief ooold withstand the temptation of 'collaring' tlhem! Luckily tlhe araonrnt stolen was not very large— £27 or £28. I'm not sure to a pound—and I could easily replace it out of my own savings, but the manner in which the theft was committed, the locked doo(r, my watch, &e.;, being left behind, the inexplicable mystery of the thing, in short, gave me quite a shock. I questioned the servants cautiously, but without result. No one had been seen on the landing on which my room is situated. The hall-norter swore that no stranger whatever had entered the house by the front door, and others were equally sure that none had come in by the back or side entrances. Jt was uncanny, to say the leant of it, but after a week had passed without my missing any more cash, I determined to let the matted' rest, and \ worry no more over it. '""Ten days after the first robbery the second took place, and id precisely the same way. As it happened I had brought only three or four pounds upstairs, having paid away nearly all my cash in settlement of an account just before I left the office. I i remember smiling as I put the small sum in the drawer, and saying to myself that if my mysterious friend came along he would not have much of a haul. I'm blest if be didn't come! When I got up, about 7 o'clock, the drawer was empty! I flew to the door. Yes, it was locked. I turned out all my pockets. No utje, only a few shil lings of my own. My watch and chain still lay on the table where I had placed them. Was I mad? Or was the house haunted? Again I questioned every one who had a chance of- seeing the thief. Hame result as before. Not a soul had entered the build ing who could even remotely be suspected of such an act. The servants? No; they have all been here Jong enough to allow me to satisfy myself as bo their honesty. There isn't one of our employes whom X wouldn't trust with a hundred times what I have lost. Besides, -few of them could have any opportunity of getting near my room. The locked door, though, was the thing that beat me altogether. 1 am not a super stitious man, but frankly speaking, J be gan to think there was some influence at work which admitted of no earthly solu tion. J see you smile, but just consider for yourself. There was the''money safe and sound, the door locked, and tne window inaccessible without a long ladder, which must be seen from the street, as well as any one mounting it. Two hours later the door is still locked, no one has attempted to get near the window, everything is ex actly as it was—but the money has disap peared! 'J'on my soul! I am inclined to think there is some truth in that old myth of witch's money changing into dead leaves, but in this case there were not even any leaves to be found.' " 'Have you ever heard of an instru ment called a 'masterpiece,' " I asked. " 'An instrument? No, I never have. I've beard the term applied to works of art, &c.;, but never to any particular article.' " 'Well, there is such an instrument, and a very ingenious invention it is. It takes the form of a pair of finely tempered steel iiliers, which, when inserted in a. key hole from the outside, grip the end of the key, and turn it just as easily as though the operator had hold of the handle. It forms an iridisjieiisable part of the burglar'* kit, and is also occasionally used by locksmiths. People imagine that leaving tlie key in the door after., locking it is an effectual pro tection, but to our friend, the housebrea ker, it is rather a help than otherwise. He finds it much easier to unlock the door with his masterpiece than to try perhaps a dozen skeleton keys befoTc he finds one j that will fit.* ."Ross sat for a moment in silence, then burst out— j " 'That's what it was, then! That's how ' the key turned before my very eyes! You don't Know how relieved I fee). I thought I I must he going mad, but now I see how simple it was. No wonder you stare; you J think I am mad. Listen for a moment, and you will understand. " 'The third robbery took place yester- j day afternoon. The details were exactly si milar to what I have already told you, bar- I ring ono Unrig. J he tl.net must ha ve marie a tremendous noise somehow, for J woke just as he was leaving the room. That is to say, I turned round and saw, or fancied J. saw, the door closing, being drawn to gently I by a hand, the lingers of which onl5* were visible. As J sprang from my bed J thought J saw the key turn, but when I reached the door and found it securely locked, I put the whole vision down as a figment of my uneasy brain. When I dis covered, however, that my cash had again taken wings, I knew it had been no dream, J at once rushed out on to the landing, and ran towards the stairs. As I passed Mr. Jones's room, which is next to mine, J saw his door was open, and heard some one inside. 'Are you in, Mr. Jones?' I asked. He came to the door, and I en quired if he had seen or heard any one come up or go downstairs. He said No; that no one could have passed his door without his being aware of it, and that none of the servants even had been on the landing within the past hour. I tell you, isharpe, my brain began to tarn. I could not sleep last night for thinking of the ex traordinary circumstances surrounding this last theft, and to-night I have been wait ing on the chance of seeing you. Had you not come in I was going to write you in the morning. Now, what do you think of it all?' " 'I think you have an exceedingly clever and daring housebreaker concealed some where on the premises,' I answered. 'Did you notice anything peculiar about the hand you saw?' "'N—o; hold on, though. There was something! Mind, I was half asleep and dazed at the time, so I can't swear t.o any thing, hut F am almost sure the third finger seemed thicker at the point than the others. I don't, know why I should have noticed this, but among the tangle in my head that one impression appears to stand out clearly, just as a single object is photo graphed on the retina by a flash of light ning which, while illuminating a whole country side, yet shows you only one dis tinctive landmark.' " 'H'aa any other lodger been "touched ?" ' I asked. " 'Not: that T hiave heard of, and if *rvh a thing occurred I would he almost- certain to know. No, I am tbe eote victim. It's not the loss of the money I mind, so much as the horrible feeling erf insecurity.' A man who ban disappear at will ls no joke, I can ■tell you/ • ■ ■ , - ■ "T quite agreed with poor Boss in that. He is a nervous little man, had I could nee he was much shaken by fits uncanny ex perience. For form's sake I went upstairs and examined the scene of the robberies. - /*" *What about Jones?' I asked, as we pas sed that gentleman's door. 'He wouldn't jriajf such a trick on you though, would "Ross laughed. I'd as soon suspect you,' said 'he. 'You know Jones yourself, and arq aware that he could buy up most of the men who come here. Besides, he's a gentleman —ob, pshaw! it's ridiculous to speak of him in connection with such an affair,' 'I was forced to admit the truth of this statement. Mr. Jones was out of the aues tion. I knew enough of him to endorse what Ross said as to his wealth, and, so far as personal observation went, I accounted him a real good fellow, somewhat eccentric, but warm-hearted and generous. I was cer tain be would sooner have made Ross, or any one else, a present of a thousand pounds tlVan have stolen a shilling. One of Jones's peculiarities was that he always Wore gloves. Even at dinner he donned a pair of white kids, and some wags-used to swear that he had another pair to put on when he w-ent to bed. I did not know his reason for this then, but I do now. "Well, to make a. long story short, I gave my best energies to the solution of the puzzle, which wtas obviously making an old man of Ross, but after a fortnight's solid hard work I. had learned—just nothing! EveTy crook in the city had held up hi.g hands for my inspection, but nowhere could I find that clubbed third finger. Then I suddenly came to my senses, and did what; I ought to have done at first, although, as it happened, I would not have succeeded any sooner than I. did, no matter how I had. acted. I argued that, some time or other, the thief would make a fourth attempt op. Ross's room, so J. took up my quarters each afternoon in the one opposite, leaving the door slightly ajar, so tnat I could see any one passing on the landing. Three days I waited, and then my patience was rewar ded. Ross, at my direction, was acting just as if nothing had happened, taking his siesta, at the usual hour, and placing his cash in the drawer as before. "On the fourth afternoon, soon after I had slipped into my hiding place, I saw Ross enter his room, and heard the key turned in the lock. Half an hour passed, and I was growing impatient, when I heard a soft footfall coming upstairs. I peeped through the crack of the door, my nerves tingling with excitement, which changed to disgust when I saw who the new comer was. Jt was Mr. Jones, evi dently bent on having a snooze, too, for he entered his room and closed the door. I must have grown careless and abstracted then, for I never noticed Jones's door open ing, nor did I know that that gentleman had. left his apartment until J woke up with a start to see him standing outside Ross's door, his coat and shoes off, and ft wild, exalted look on his face, which changed its expression altogether. lie bent down and placed his ear to the key hole; then a smile crept over his face. lie doubt less heard Ross snoring, and knew all was safe. He then drew from his pocket a beautifullv-made masterpiece, and shoved it gently into the key hole. I rubbed mjr eyes, and pinched myself. Yes, I was awake; it was no hallucination. As my eye fell on Jones's right hand I started again. There wa-s the thick finger that Ross had mentioned. There could be no doubt now as to who had committed the previous thefts, but why on earth should a man like Jones turn criminal? I knew all about hftn; knew that he had more | money than he could spend, and that he gave away in charity what would seem a fair income to most men. However, I had no time then to analyse his motives. With the skill of a. professional he opened Ross's door, and noiselessly slipped into the room. I followed on tip- toe, and jnst as he was in the act of taking a quantity of notes and gold from the wardrobe drawer I laid my hand on his shoulder. He seemed t,o stiffen suddenly at the touch, and his head turned slowly till his eyes met mine. Then. I understood. The man was mad; absolute ly and irredeemably insane. How he had managed to conceal his malady so long is a mystery to me, but when people are not looking for a thing it may be staring them in the face all the time without their seeing it. | ''The scene which followed was one of the most painful it h'as ever been my lot to take part in. The poor fellow had just sense enough left to know he had disgraced him self, without the strength of mind to bear up under detection. Finally, Ross and I agreed not to make the matter public, and that same evening poor Jones was consign ed to a living tomb, from which there is no possibility of his ever emerging. He is gra dually getting worse instead of better, and the Asylum authorities hold out no hope whatever of a change for the better. That was what your finger reminded me of, though, now I have fully recalled to mind the sad business, I feel inclined to do any thing but laugh." "No, indeed," I replied; "your story is not at all conducive to mirth. I hope, the parallel won't hold good in my case. I have no ambition to end my days m a lunatic asylum." "Don't be afraid, old chap," answered Sharpe, as he rose to go; "you're far too sensible and strong-minded for that. It'fi only erratic people—such as geniuses, poets, inventors, who go mad." Perhaps it was meant as a compliment, but ! 