Just ill passing yesterday, we referred to the -ridiculous nccusations of violating Parliamentary privilege ivliicli Consovvn- tisni is trying lo trump up against the Government. Very rarely, indeed, has this or, any other party placed itself iu so un- happy a plight. All its otvn records in Parliament stand up against its present contention, and rise thick in the pages of 'Hansard," like Uanquo's ghost nt Hnc- hctli's feast, to scare the luckless wights from /the ground they are now taking. Tho circumstances nrc 'fresh in the memo ries of most people who take any interest in pur public aifnirs. Just a few days before the rising of Parliament, in Decem ber, last, and when there was not an hour for the House to consider what lie said, Mr. Prank Madden , rose in his place ' and made a violent attack on the Lands de partment, under Mr. James Macpherson Grant, which he, said hnd acted in corrupt collusion with Sir. Syitie: to allow the latter to dummy 'land. To this de finite accusation . he added another, that the ' , late Ml James Service had bought back; corruptly, from Mr. Symc the property: tvhich Mr. Grant iuid corruptly sold to him. Half an hour before tho session closed, in reply to the Premier, who offered; him -a Board of In quiry/lie repeated the .charge, and, said he was ready to prove it before any tri bunal. , Nobody can say, or ever has said, that there was any vagueness or frivolity about- tho allegation. In inculpated tlie honor of two Governments, of several high per manent officials anil of a prominent citizen. Sir George Turner did a few weeks ago what he promised the House in December last. He asked their Honors the Judges of tho Supreme Court to appoint one of their number to inquire into the truth of the allegations made. Then, .for tho first time, we heard . that the author of the charges, who had expressed his readi ness to prosecute tlieni before any tribunal, took up tho ground of Parliamentary' pri vilege,. which relieves him of the legal onus of responsibility for anything ho may please to say. His immediate political cronies, taking up the clamor, assert that if anybody presumes to question and in quire into anything a member of Parlia ment may choose to' say, the liberties of Parliament are broken and the Constitu tion is in pieces. ' NoW it is true beyond all dispute that a member of Parliament cannot be held accountable or penalised for anything lie may say in the House. That is his liberty, to be exercised for the benefit of society at large. He may use it or abuse it as he pleases; and no law can towsh him. His scope is very wide, no doubt. But tliis now contention is that not only is tho member above all question and penalty, but .whatever he says is beyond all ex amination and inquiry, save that which Parliament itself may order. This, to say the mildest of it, is one of the most pre- posterous contentions that ever attempted to make a Constitution look ridiculous. We purpose to-day. to cite a few. of the Parliamentary discussions in a somewhat sihiilai'icaso fliht'ocouri'ed iii October," 1805. Tlic member lor Melbourne West, Mr. 'Mo loney, had! made a charge against Mr. Akc- hurst of falsifying his age for the purpose of staying in the service a couple of years beyond the statutory limit; and he had dragged in the details of the charge of murder made against Mr. Akeliurst at the time of tlio Ballaiut riots. The Premier, Sir George Turner, took up precisely the same ground 011 that occasion as lie did in the ease of the Madden charges. He said: — It seems most extraordinary that upon tills very simple Issue the honorable member for Melbourne West should have introduced the charge of murder which was preferred against Air. Akeliurst some 40 years ago, and ou which he was ncqultited by the tribunal Which bad to decide the case. . . . .. Mr. Akeliurst has no opportunity of defending himself personally in ibis Chamber. If the statements that have been made on the floor of tlie House were made outside, Mr. Ake liurst would liavo an opportunity of taking the matter to court. . . . Honorable members can understand what the effect of all these allegations must be 011 a man at Mr. Akehurdt's time of life, when they rcmem'- be'r that lie has, for years probably, to rest .under the various accusations tlint have been made against him, and I think that unless there is very strong evidence ludced, it is unfair to Air. Akeburst for honorable members, 011 the floor ofytlie House, where Air. Akeburst has 110 oppor tunity of defending 'himself, and where the statements made are privileged, so .tlint he (Air. Akeburst) has no right to take legnl proceedings against those who mnkc tlie statements, .to make such statements against blm unless they are perfectly satisfied in their own minds tlint these statements are absolutely true aud 'correct without the shadow of a doubt. If for some reason that tlie House docs not know of these allega tions were made against that man, why were they not made ouisldc the 'Chamber, where Air. Akeburst could answer them? Why did not tbe men who desired to make these charges against hliu make them in a place where this man, he he guilty or be- he Inno cent", might have a full and fair opportuuity of golug'before a jury of his countrymen, nnd even after this great lapse of time show ing thait there was no itratli in the 'state ments? Tlie Premier tlien suggested llmt a Board should he appointed to examine into the allegations made. Sir James Patterson was much against a Board, on the ground that tho single public servant interested had been, 41 years ago, publicly acquitted of the crime charged against him. Mr. R.; M. Smith advocated the appointment of a Board, because he said that would be an act; of justice to Mr. Akehurst if that gentleman debircd it, though he finally preferred that, the House should instantly declare Mr. Akeliurst innocent without in quiry. Mr. Wheeler denounced tlio charge against Dir. Akeliurst as "one of the most "outrageous things he had ever known." Mr. Rogers approved of the proposal to appoint a Board as a system fair to all' parties. Mr. M'Kenzie, from the Opposi tion benches, said:- — . I desire to compliment tlio Premier oil the manly and straightforward -speech he lias delivered. I felt at the conclusion of the honorable gentleman's speech that If n Board were appointed it would .perhaps meet the ease. But I 'liavo since considered tlio mat ter, and I do not think a Board desirable. . . . If the honorable members who made those charges' desired to have theiu tested, they had a simple means of accom plishing their object. All tlint they had to ilo tvns" to repeat the charges outside, and then they .would have to prove them. ... It is very much to he deplored that lion, members should stand on the floor of Lhc House, and make serious charges against, a gentleman holding n high position ... in - tho service of the State. ... Before lion. gentlemen make elinrgos ot that sort they should he pre pared to substantiate them. It is not fair foe an honorable member tinder cover of privilege to make tlie most damaging' state ments against individuals in the service of tlie State who are not nble to protect themselves. That is a cowardly thing for any man to do. -Unless the honorable mem ber enn substantiate bis charges, com mon decency should compel him to hold his tongue in regard to them. We make these extracts at some length because ol their exact application to 'the case under review; nnd because they show the course which tho' Premier then pro posed was actually favored liy the very people who now condemn it. Mr. Zox said: — The charges npnlmit Mr. Akohnrst form tlie m-ost nil-British course of procedure I have ever bcaril, either Inside or outside the Olmmher. The lion, member for Arelhniirne West ought, not lo have brought, fnrtrnril these charges unless lie wns writing 1o make tlio same statements on a public platform and give Air. Akeliurst 1111 opportunity of vindicating 111 11) self. (Air. Rogers: Wo linve an absolute right 4o do It.) Hut the. man would be a coward who would not say out side of tbe House what bo said In It. . . . Every right minded nnd honorable innn will resent tlie cowardly attack which has been made upon Air. Akeliurst, nnd win lie willing to give lilm nil opportunity of de fending himself. No honorable member ought to shield himself behind his privilege as a member ot rarllnmeiil and assail the reputation of people outside of Parliament Unless those people nre allowed mi-, oppor tunity of vindicating themselves. . . . Tt would-be- more fair to make the charge out side. A similar condemnation came from Mr. Lazarus, whp said : — Are honorable members going to malign' the character of a public servant under the cover of privilege? Is n man who has lived a' Teputabia : life for tho Inst 41 years, nnd who successfully ' answered -tlic nccusa tions tlien brought, agulnst him, to lie again harassed in tlie closing years of his life by having these chnrges.hrought up again? Tills is one of the most despicable- things I have ever heard of.' : ' > 111'. Graves, the 'member for Dcjatito, whose constitutional soul is now scandal-' ised because of the Premier's action, on that occasion specially urged the very course he now denounces. He said:— The charge', made against Air. Akehurst might be put Into this form that, knowing his true age, lie had wilfully, nnd-.contm.ry to justice and fair piny, made false declara tions regarding his age, and thus been en abled to retain Ills, position in the service. (Sir James Patterson: That Is a matter for Inquiry.) That wns practically tho state ment the honorable member for Melbourne West made, . and it wns n ve'i'.v damaging statement. ' (Air. Carter: We do not want n Board ot members of tlie House.) No; the sooner members of Parliament recog nise tlie necessity of avoiding these In quiries concerning Individuals the better. Such Inquiries should bo conducted by Inclc- pendent Boards. Even .1 member of tho strictest integrity) and honor could not al ways free himself from political Idas. It would bo ti pity not to reproduce tho scathing words of Mr. Carter, because they seem to fit in so exactly. He said:— If there Is one tiling more dastardly and more cowardly than another it is for hon orable members to, conic to the nouso, and under tbe cover of privilege to slander men outside who have no means of defending themselves.;, Ihose of our readers who care to peruse this evidence of what members of Parlia ment think of Parliamentary slander and its proper method of treatment will see how hollow and insincere is tho pretended indignation with the Premier on the con stitutional issue. Substitute the name of Sir. Madden for Sir. Moloney, and we have history repeating itself. Victoria has suffered, and is suffering, from the adoption of tile principle of pro motion bv seniority . alone in her public departments. Tho" sole advantage of tlio system is that it relieves, tlio authorities of the responsibility of selecting the host amongst the candidates for advancement. Its obvious and admitted, disadvantages are that in any service in which it ope rates,, it deprives the juniors of ail induce ments to exertion, and places them under tho orders of respectable mediocrities, ener vated by a life time of ease without dig nity. This is .the main cause of that ossi fication of intellect that marks the admini stration of many of our State departments, and. -sceiningly; renders it impossible for them to absorb a new idea. . Where these departments ' have a' direct influence upon tlie development and: 'prosperity; of -the country, the system inflicts enormous loss upon the community. Promotion by merit may open the way to favoritism; but tlie ills .which may arise from an abuse of pat ronage are quickly remediable in an alert democracy, for those who exercise their power of appointment against . the public interests cannot escape responsibility. The best contrast between the two systems is given- by the facts1 relating to the French army at tlie beginning of tlie century and the English army fifty years later. Tlic first Napoleon's motto, "Careers open to "talent," brought to the head of the , ill- equipped forces. of France tlio youngest,' most brilliant and most successful' generals known to history. Promotion by seniority placed the command of the English forces in the Crimea in tlie hands of leaders with nothing to recommend them but the fact that they were too old for their work. Tlio same lesson is being taught us 'every day; and it is manifest that a- change in the system of promotion in the public service 'must dcmnnd'.tho early attention of politicians who deplore its shortcom ings. Yet it seems as if the lesson were thrown away on those charged with legal appointments. It is rumored that the selection of a barrister to fill tho vacancy on the" County Court bench caused by the resignation by Mr. Walsh, Q.C., of his position as acting judgo is to be in fluenced by the idea that Crown Prosecu tors have some sort of claim to the post, and that' the senior' among them should, as a matter of course, be appointed, even when, as we have lately seen, there are remarkably, good reasons against his eleva tion. The Public Service Act, in effect, or dains promotion by seniority; hut there is no such compulsion upon the Solicitor- General to allow his choice to bo affected by any other consideration than fitness for the office to.be filled. The business of the County Court is important and increasing; and it is by no means a matter of indiffer ence to litigants who shall preside over it. The cost of pleadings in other courts tends to drive people with shallow purses to the County Court; and they should iiot be placed in danger of having their cases heard in the manner which recently caused something like a public scandal. It is quite possible that. among tlie Crown Pro secutors there may be; more than one who is-eminently qualified for the vacant posi tion. If there is, the most eligible might be appointed, unless there is amongst the barristers outside their circle one -who is oven hotter fitted to fulfil the duties of tlie office. Wl'Rt: we contend for is that it shall not he allowed to grow into a custom that gentlemen who have been selected for the one post must in the 'course of time be promoted to the other. It' will be found, thnt ' the. profession generally agrees . witli our opinion;! and would "hail with- satisfaction! a pfodf (that iiuthis in-! stance a had precedent will not be acted upon. , ., - 