CHAPTER III. HE more dashing: spirits usually jts.sembled in force at the bar of the Goat on Saturday evening', because the day of rest enabled them to recover from the strain and fatigue of their one weekly excitement. Hr. Still sat in his usual place by the door, next to Burkeushaw, the sexton. llr. Pyke, who kept the saddler's shop, and who was looked to as a man of broader views, as an authority on matters of sport, monopolised the armchair on the right hand side, whilst other prominent inhabitants lounged before the bar at convenient paints, and in con* venicnt poses. The air was pungent with tho odour of thug tobacco, saturated with the mawkish sweetness of beer, and penetrated by the smell of paraffin. The evening was sultry, and the men were in their shirt sleeves. "That were a largish party over from Bavport to-dav," Pyke observed to the land lord. "Yc3, but it doesn't mean business," said tho landlord, contemptuously. "A tea drinking lot that brings its own sandwiches isn't of no account to inc." 41 What cau you expect from a cbaryhan ?" asked Still, contemptuously, who resented vehicular innovations. " Because a man rides in one o' those Bay port caw it don't follow that he doesn't like his beer. I'm against nothing that brings business into tho town, even if it don't come my way," eaid the saddler, who occasionally supplied a new trace when a charabanc came to grief at the bottom of tho Castle Hill and could therefore afford to be generous. "It's ray opinion," 6aid tbo landlord, reflectively, "thatthese excursions, so long as they are not *blco ribbon,' should be encouraged. Where's there ruins liko ours. I should like to know—or air for tho matter of that? Boyport ain't in it. Yet they run trains therefrom Liudon. There ain't enough life in this blessed place! Do wc, I ask, j mako the best of our attractions ? To my thinkiu' wo ought to provide amusement for the visitors." "So we did," said Burkcnshaw, whose profession required light gaiety as an alterna tive, 44 an' so I told the vicar." ! 44 And what did he say ?" asked Still. 44 Well," replied Burkcnsliaw, slowly, 44 ho said, 4 Why don't you ask the Salvation Army to come? They'll amuse you!' " 44 We don't want none o* that nonsense," said the landlord, appprehensively. 44 They'd be for trying to shut up the Goat like they did the Jolly Sailors at Bayport." But whilst they were discussing the spirited campaign that had lately vexed the neigh bouring watering-place, a stranger stopped in from the gloom of the street and advanced to the bar. • 44 Give mc religion," the landlord was saving with emphasis, 44 but don't give mo no tyranny."^ If q stopped and looked at tho newcomer 09 if looking for an order. «• Certainly," said tho latter. 41 Up with religion and down with tyranny." Tho man's voice and gait harmonised ill with his bluo jersey, peaked cap and loose scrgo trousers. " It seems,*1 lie continued, " that I arrived hero in the midst of an intcre=ji theological discussion.'' ^ *• We were talking of the Salvation Ar| • mate,** said a brawny quarryman. opportunity of profiting by this popular f of piety. Are vou a captain hi the bk band, landlord 41A captain, indeed!" said tho otl indignantly. 44 Not ine. Cut what did order:" The landlord perceived the mockery in strangers voice and resented it. 44 W'kbky, please.** The stranger slightly diluted it with w: and then drained liis glass. Then lie gl:ti> round the bar at the group silently v,*;iteh| him. 41 You're a queer sort of sailor,** said landlord, unable to recover from his nnc<| unci*. i 441 am. Your perceptions do you ore! 12very son of a b:cr-s*i!liog gun in this , ought to stand up and take off his cap to i It is only owing to tho clemency of forefathers that any of you arc here.** 44 Why, what do you mean ?" said landlord. £• 44 lly ancestors hr.d simply to hang you4 and the thing would have been done." fii 44 Go along 1** retorted the landlord, lur:o§i his back on the stranger, 441 like to hey^M man talk sense, I do.** Our host has no iniujrination,*' said t ranger, turning to Still, who was suck&j; lis extinct pipe in astonishment. "Perhtpi he has never heard how a hot- blooded ancc^; of miue hung a rash citizen of this anch^: town on Hubert's Tower as an object lesjg: to the neighbourhood not to thwart a Wi£ lock. Wo were, aau I may 6ay, still arc,> remarkable family.'* 41 You'd better talk to the vieai Durkeushaw, breaking tlic aileuee. can tell you all about that hanging on Huber Tower.'* 441 fancy your vicars a poor relative mine. What's his name:" asked tliestain-; sipping his whisky aad gluucing round fj tivcly. A brown beard covered his tan; face, his features were regular and hands in spite of eyes which, set closely togc gave a sinister expression to his face. H 44 Warlock," said tho sexton. 'T$ 44 Warlock! Then he is a poor relating? mine." "j| 44 You're joking, mate." said Still. 411M ain't a Warlock. They're all dead." |j 44 Sir Hugo Warlock would ho my extreme modesty permitted me to claim i&j; said the stranger. 3 4'There's another Warlock—a lady—lodg ing hero in tho town, with her little gim| said StilL . « The man started. " A friend of tho vicar's? " lie asked. 41 Yes, and of his son, too," said Pi ? significantly. "Is the child about seven?** asked i stranger. "Ye?," said Still. "What's the lady like?" "A most personable young lady. *H darkish—gray eyes, vrhite teeth: tcit hat some lady in fact. Sho lodges in High stie^ at EvcrtonsV' . Then the stranger paid for his drink a quickly left tho bar. I "A queer fish!" raid the Inndlat " What you call a decayed gentlemr.a! suppose. The church clock struck the half-Jus The air was sultry ; masse* of black cloufc rolling in from the south, were shrq swallowing up the stars. The town see® Urcathing'hearfly under the weight of ft hot darkness. The heat of tho night had brought Warlock to the window. She looked on 6 ill-lit street. Suddenly a votes which fUH her with dread said softly, "Kate, Ki come down." Then sho know that what t most dreaded had happened, for the speai ouzht to have been safe in a South Afrid prison. The house was quiet, the Evcrtona wcrfi the parlour behind tho shop. Passing ii tho bedroom where tho cuild was quid, slumbering, she took a hat which lay on t bed and went softly into tho street by i private door of which aho had tho key In his sailor dress, bearded, haggard: bronzed, sho scarcely recognised iu fugitive her husband, Hugh Warlock, wk sho had not scea for six years. " Wc cannot talk hero," sho said. Sido by side they walked down the qo street, and passed into tho gloom of tho c:U grounds, whoro tho darkness swallowed! their figures. \ How did you get hero?" shcasked. Well, you see I grow tired of my \i fessionnl labours at tho Cape," lio said, 1 took ship forborne for a change." •You escaped?" 'Well, yes. One dark night, when tj| were shifting gangs, it occurred to m-j) bruin the warder with his own <f-! bine. I found my way down to the where a Kaffir boy gave me somo old clod* I managed to bido myself iu tho hold? on ocean tramp then getting up steam. Ink i time I appeared ou deck, and tho captain? | the good sense to allow mo to work my f j sago home under tho unpretending natn*| Brown. But somehow or other the pjj| have been given a cluc, end there is a war** out for the arrest of poor Brown who bu? at Southampton ou Wednesday from# Storm Queen. But after a change* clothes and a shave, there is no reason# tho aforesaid Brown should not vanish# thin air, as the ghosts used to in the dp. studies of my boyhood." TluKwoman loathed him, but couUl band over her child's father to tho police i> probably to the gallows. % «;» Yon don't seem glad to see mo, Katp," Tile said, niter a pause, trod t'V "It would have been belter for us both bad you died in Africa, she said, f .-" Suicide's in tho family," he answered, ^•'hut I've no tasto for it, however convenient 1 ,-it'roiglit be to you; so you see I'vo turned up, °° t'liho the villain in a melodrama. As usual. , flho villain wants money. You roust let mo m Tthavo some. The ill-used wife, you know, ialways playsa generous part as a counter-foil, i Virtue balances vice. I'm suro you won't [spoil the picture. Ten pounds might enable lino to bo off to America, where my family 'peed bear no tnore of me." • ■ iti will giro you the money if you will go " "Thanks, Kate; I should like it at once." " Stay here; I will fetch it." [ "Amomcnt. How is our daughter?" tch i > n gj,o is well. Slio thinks her father died before she was born." i "I suppose you intend to keep up tho Suction. What brought you here?" "A morbid curiosity to see the place where mr terrible family took its roof." "That's a coincidence; a somewhat similar jpulsc brought me. Perhaps the knowledge jat tho parson here is a remote cousin, wfio light be willing to save a noblo kinsman ora the hangman, may also have been an . _iduccmcnt. But now, Kate, if you will -"•Bjot nio the iiitio loan you kindly offered I'll 4? pate another virtuous start in life." (nu=.;|Palc with terror, sick with anxiety, she ft jet him under the shadow of the thick bushes jed hnrried hack to her rooms. In the pas ''krel mct 'icr in 50raoexcitement. • hfiif- "Ebdgers, the policeman, has been here, Ifia'am, to inquire whether we've seen nny 'thing of a sailor man named Brown. There )lCi,w r! a warrant out for his arrest. Someone •SS; [answering his description was down at the 'SJjQoat half an hour a no. He called him irpt|!';:se!f Warlock, and asked about you and the " " vicar; I said vre hadn't seen no sailor man, so Rogers went off to nuike inquiries at the vicarage." It was fortunately too dark for Mrs. Kvcr tcm to see tho agitation on her lodger's face. "I will consult them at tho vicarage!" she , said. Then she ran upstairs, took some [ money frcm her writing-case, and hurried 5 back to the silent spaco filled by the intense darkness, that rustled, as it reemcd to her, with strange horrors. The masses of black sulphurous clonus seemed to be supported by the dim outline of Hubert's Tower. The hot fitful breeze stirred the parched leaves. Far away, on tho southern horizon, gleams of sheet lightning and the rumble of remote thunder heralded the storm. Hugh Warlock stood under the hashes at the base of tho ominous tower, and heard of J the search that was being made for him with perfect coolness. "You roust pot mc a change of clothes to- i night," ho said. 44 It's the only chance. I Meanwhile, I can hide hero among the ruins.: . There's no tiroo to lose. Dressed decently, •t'in London or Liverpool, I shall he safe." j fn; Kate Warlock's senses seemed edged with t> 'pain. Buin and disgrace pressed her in on &r;?CTCiy side. Her ono hope was with her pVJriends in the vicarage, whose garden gatcj l •'opened on to the castle grounds. • i if "Wait here," she said. Tlicn she groped I 'i. ier way to the path which a privet hedge i | thick and high shut in on every side. At the ] \- further end tho lights from the open French I • 'window of the drawing-room fell with a com ^-"1 for ting gleam on the black yew tree. She r:f> advanced into the bright circle, whence she i(t could see tho vicar and hi< son in earnest eoii f|." venation. Hearing her timid, faltering step h- en the gravel they turned and saw her, and F then with an effort sho stepped into the lamp s.'- lit room. 411 have come to ccnsnltyou," the said, * I* turning to the vicar. 441 am in great trouble. U: Tho man they seek is my husband, Hugh L\ Warlock, and your cousin. I was nineteen when I met him in Rome. lie had been | cattle ranching in America. lake a blind, .. infatuated fool. I iusistcd on marrring him IrT r.J — -3— * A against the wishes of iny friends. A year afterwards I learnt that he had already a wife in America. I left biro, but not before be bad ,r spent nearly all my money. Then bo. went | out to South Africa and enlisted in a police b J corps under an assumed nume. But be was for insubordination, and at last k ' was sentenced to ten years' penal servitude i .for dealing in stolen dimnonds. But about t '.six weeks ago bo murdered his guard and -^scaped. Ho is now biding in the ruins." P r Tho agitated woman told her story in £ : breathless haste. bf- "I thought our wretched kinsman died at rfitho Capo," said the vicar, dismay and wonder i ^.-finding expression on every liuc of his -."wrinkled face. All his genealogical enthu siasm had vanished under this wave of crime and scandal. \- 41 Every ono thought so but myself," raid the young woman. "But he tortured mo with tho truth." ; "Justice most take its cour.se," said tho '. .vicar, finding no help in his philosophy. It •i/cemcd tovksm that this last direct heir of L-.tbc Warlocks inherited all the criminal pro vpcusities of his ancestors. Asa psychological v-problem it might bo interesting, but us a % personal fact it became tragic. ^. ' But his son interposed. r-"-. "Thia is no matter for you to deal with, • tit," he said. 11 My first duty is to you." ho took tho trembling hand of the >'cuian. "I will go and see him with you. „ Somtthiug can be done." '/% "Do whatever you like," said the pcr \- antiquary, " so long us Idou'tkuow." kTbo old roan was evidently iueapablo of ^ fiction. *4* ' ^lpomo'M s^d the young soldier. Then tho two stepped from tho cheerful rfc-room into tlio inky darkness. Neither Npoke, if: .5 Bio womau clung to his aim. It seemed K-J* ^ there were a dread pause in the sullen [.vtreirpge of the night. Even the glcacis of lightning on tlic horizon had ceased. Earth and air were preparing for some tremendous effort. The threat was whispered in the ghostly noiccs of the black trees and the hissing rustic of the parched foliage. But suddenly, as they moved orer the un even ground, the pent-up storm burst with I a terrific crash. Hubert's Tower on the hill! seemed the centre ox tho roar of terror. Every zig-zag Hash of blinding white light revealed tho figure of Hugh \Vuriock standing on the spot which tradition said fratricide had stained with blood. Lightning flooded the sky, while soma force withheld the benign rain. It was a atonu that haunts the memory with supernatural terrors. Tho young soldier and hi? terror-stricken companion found shelter under a crumbling urchway. Tho woman clung to him in tho intensity of her terror, whilst every fierce deluge of light revealed tho sordid figure of the fugitive shrinking under tho fragments of masonry at tho base of Hubert's Tower. But suddenly there came a momentary pause. All was dark and tilcnt; tho uir smelt sulphurous. The woman hid her face on the young soldier's breast. " Take me away!" sho said. "Tako me away; it is too awful." But as she spoke a rod ball of fire seemed to strike the summit of Hubert's tower, and then bursting, bathed it in h torrent of flame. The gaunt ruin swayed a moment, then fell with a dull roar ot grinding and sundered masonry. Once more the thick darkness descended, acrid with ancient dust, which tho rush of tho rain cleared from tho nir, and brought a sense of safety to tho appalled town. When tho next Hash cut tho darkness, Hubert Warlock knew that the Tower had fallen, and that beneath tho mass of shapeless ruin his cousin's body was buried. But his companion lay in his arms unconscious; At last, when the fury of the storm was spent, Hubert Warlock led her back to the vicarage, where slowly her strength and courage returned. " I When the following day dawned wet and: chill the countryside cams and wondered at the catastrophe which had altered the ancient' aspect of the landscape. The vicar tbonght! much of "the inscrutable ways of Provi dence," bat said little. Two days after the historic storm Evcrtou I announced at the bar of the " Goat " that his! lodgers had left that morning. The little gray town wondered whither, but only the vicarhs son know, and he kept the secret. In the autumn he followed Kate "Warlock to Florence. Cut when the vicar heard that these two, thrown so tragically together, were to be married, ho winced at first uneasily, but after a moment's roflcctiou acquiesced gently. "For," he reflected, "Hubert may atone for the wrongs of bis cousin Hugh. After all, tbero is a Providence iu these tilings." The vicar's "History of the Rise and Fall of tho Warlocks" is expected to be issued shortly. It has been delayed owing to the difficulty presented by the last chapter. 