A Peninsular Spy. Sir John Waters (trays the author of "English Eccentricities"); was the most admirable spy : ever. . attached to an army. In the Peninsular War he gave Lord.Wellington the most accurate and valu able Information about the Spaniards and their movements. On one occasion he. was taken prieo ner.by a company of Spanish Dragoons: while still clad int the English uniform. " He was-supposed to be. a stupid Britisher who could not understand a word of French-or SpaniDh, and his captors con-, versed freely before him. * He learned1 from bia guards, whil© riding between them) that they were . going to kill and:rob him at an old mill where the company was to stop for dinner. They would pre tend 'that they shot him becauee of his áttempt to escape. On reaching the mill the 'Dragoons dis mounted -and went into the house, leaving their prisoner outside; in the hope that he woulds at tempt to escape. The instant they were out of sight Waters threw his cloak upon a neighboring ollve-bukih, and mounted' his cocked hat on top. Some empty flour-sacks lay on the ground, and into one of them he crawled. '. A. moment later the Dragoons came out, fired their carbines at the supposed prisoner, andi galloped off; intending to : return later to rifle the body. A horse, loaded with sacks of flour, stood near the door, andi Sir, John, still:enveloped in the sack, managed to throw himself on the horse's- back, as if be were part of the load. The owner, at length came out, mount- ; ed, and rode away, without detecting the peculiar, contents of one of the sacio?. When- far. enough away for safety Waters, finding his position most uncomfortable, managed to .free himself from; thc sack, and sat up. . The horseman, chancing to look around, beheld the man covered; with flour," and. took him to he a ghost perched behind him. Terri fied at the sight, he fell over in a swoon, and the supposed ghost thrust him to the ground and gal loped off. Sir John reached the English camp without further adventure, and was warmly greer.--: ed by Wellington. ' ' ' r ' 'Duty-waa.poid laet.yeàr.by ^«,Uhiited...iringd:.ipi.'.' an 241,410,0001b of tea, an increase in the twélv.ù months of 9,-318,0001b. The inorease in the revenue from thin source was £155,297. 