THE MERCURY. HOBART: SATURDAY, DEC. 30, 1899. EPITOME OF NEWS. Valda es, on Domain, Monday evening next. Last night of Briton and Boer at Theatre Royal. Patriotic Fund Committee appointed at Strahan. Mr. H. G. Thompson appointed Council Clerk at Richmond. Georgia Minstrels and Cake walkers at Temperance-hall this evening. HMS. Royal Arthur, llugship,-arrived in port last evening from Sydney. Visitors' concerts, Cascade tea gardens, to morrow and New Year's nights. Tasmanian Patriotic Fund Committee meets on Thursday next, Town-halL Private C. Pedder, of the Tasmanian, Contingent, dangerously ill in South Africa, Hobart Gas Co. stalls will contribute 3d. in the £1 per week from salaries and wages for six months, in aid of the Patriotic Fund. Colonel Legge says the Ulverstone Mounted Infantry are a fine body; but he doubts if corps can be increased to 100. Proper horses scarce. Silver, 27 10d. The Queen is at Osborne. London tin quotation, £193/5/. Relief of Kimberley getting effectually blocked. France sends a representative to Boer headquarters. Over 700 volunteers in camp at Randwick, "near Sydney. Sir Charles Warren's division is leaving Cape Colony for Natal. Boer forces strongly marshalling to oppose advance on Ladysmith. Victorian Defence Force to be armed with Lee-Enfield magazine rifles. - Ballarat clergy and laity have asked" Bishop Thornton not to resign, as contemplated. Right Hon. Harry Escombe dropped dead in Durban. Natal thus loses a leading man. Skeleton of Sir Arthur Curtis, who was frozen to death on Kloudyke track, has been discovered. Daily Mail proprietors donate £500 from the Kipling Poem Fund to the New Zealand Contingent. \- Sunbeam Society of South Australia dispensed usual beneficence to London poor children on Christmas day. British Government plainly announces that there is need for 10,000 Yeomanry volunteers in South Africa. Agent-General for New South Wales urging colonists at home to subscribe to Patriotic Fund of his colony. Mr. Carty Salmon has accepted portfolio of Public Instruction and Commissioner of I Customs in the Victorian Customs. West Australian Premier and his immediate supporters still limping on amendments of the Commonwealth Bill. Queensland Legislative Assembly has passed loan proposals for £2,725,080. It is expected that the money will be raised within the colony. Telephone aim inquiry clerk at Melbourne Post Office, from whose office drawer a bag containing £03/2/0 was recently stolen, is to be dismissed. At cricket luncheon yesterday, in Melbourne, Darling said the sooner the Melbourne. Cricket Club was recognised as the-Marylebone of. Australia, the better. It has at last dawned upon the War Office That Transvaal, for nearly three years past, has been steadily importing skilful artillerists from Belgium and Holland. THEWS are at least two points in connection with the war which seem to us to deserve more notice than they have received. We speak, of course, in view of the rites of English papers, which have reached us up to the present time, for it is possible that the subjects referred to may have been dealt with in the papers which have not reached this colony. One is, the alleged supremacy of (the Boer tactics, which are said to have paralysed the British advance, and to "V . , late J u 5" f" ""4. have fairly enabled the Boers to pass the attacking force on the defensive. We see this subject is made a great deal of by certain English papers which are disposed to find as much fault as they can, and we have not yet seen any sufficient reply to the statements made. Indeed, one writer is lost in admiration of the Boers' skill in the field, forgetting, even if he is right, that the Boer operations are directed by foreign officers, and that they have been up to the present time the out- come of a plan long and most carefully considered, a fact which bears on the other matter to which, we have referred. But, we may ask is it true that the Boers' pleases campaign has been a success ? Have their calculations been carried out ? Have they accomplished what was the real in tention when the iiIt auratum was sent in so great a hurry, and couched in language which displaced an un- measured confidence in their own power 1 "We know from several sources, amongst others from a German general to Boer pay, not to speak of the information given in the Cape newspapers or the private information now known to have been possessed by the British Government, what the real intent was, and why the Boer Governments were so resolved to act without delay. That intent was, to drive the British into the sea from Natal, if there was not also a plan to overrun the Cape Colony, and take up their quarters in Capetown as well as in Durban. And, as we explained the other day, it had in it all elements of success. Had the Boers been able to carry out their plan, it is more than probable that they would have been able to reach Maritzburg, the capital city of Natal, if not Durban itself. The Boers themselves were fully convinced that there were no real obstacles in their pay, and there were none at the time. The force in Natal when war was actually to be declared was far too small to resist the Boer advance, as we can see from subsequent events. The delay occasioned by the want of a proper commissariat, and the failure of the Free State troops to carry out the plan devised, were the two causes which saved the Natal seat of Government. For the one delayed the sending of the ultimatum for nine days, and thus enabled the troops from India to arrive and go to the front ; the other prevented those troops from being overwhelmed at Glencoe, and gave them the chance to fall back upon Ladysmith, which was the arsenal of Natal, the capture of which would have put the Boers in possession of an enormous quantity of warlike material. We thus see that the Boer plan of campaign has failed, because of the wise action of the British Government at last after much delay, and also because of the conspicuous gallantry and dogged" determination of the troops now in Ladysmith under General- WHITE,- - The Boers, instead of, being the assailants, are only just able to defend themselves. Instead of marching on to Durban and Cape causes they declared that they v. "T'about to do, they can barely stores It hold the British troops in check, and have utterly failed in doing what I they proposed. They have shown, what was very well known before, that it is difficult work to take a strong position occupied by men with modern weapons, but they have utterly failed to make the advance which they thought that they could make without difficulty. The other matter which seems to us to need further criticism than it has yet received, is the common state- ment- universal in all foreign papers that Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, for he is always named, always meant war. Such a statement as this is, of course, false on the face of it, though its falsity may not appear to foreign readers, who are accustomed to look upon Government action as that of a single person. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN could not do, and did not attempt to do, a single act without the consent of his calleugues/'âs he, himself, has stated more than once. Indeed, Lord SALISBURY, not to speak of other, members of the Ministry, is hardly the man to allow a Colonial - Secretary to involve the country in war, merely because the Secretary happens to be a strong minded individual. The mere statement of the case shows its absurdity, but though foreigners may not know that, English writers and speakers ought to perceive it at a glance. Then, take another form of criticism. Said Sir H. CAMPBELL-BANNKHMAN, addressing a meeting recently at Manchester, " the first duty of the Government had been to keep out of war," but he overlooked the fact that if it takes two persons to make a quarrel, it also takes two persons to keep the peace. If the Boers meant war, as no one now is hardy enough to deny, how was the British Ministry to keep out of it? Ought it to have accepted the ultimatum and withdrawn the troops?, and thus left the Boers masters of the situation ? If not, perhaps these critics will go a little further and tell us how war was to be avoided. The two matters to which we have referred will, no doubt, be cleared up in time, but in the meanwhile foreign critics and the namby-pamby critics at home naturally follow the Opposi- tion lead. If these persons will " leave off their damnable faces," and tell the world what should have been done that was not, then we can see whether they really have a case at all. Nothing is easier than to talk about the horrors of war after the fashion of OLIVE SCHREINER, and tell people what they ought to do to avoid it, but why do we hear nothing about those who declared, and had declared for years by their acts, that they preferred war to the doing of justice The British Government, as we have shown again and again, asked only what was just and reasonable, as even the most adverse critics admit, and it made its demand in carefully guarded language. The whole negotiations on the other side were characterised by bad - faith, evasions, and the raising of difficulties on every occasion. Finally, the British Government was forced to the position of saying that it must put a final case, and the Boer Government did not wait for this, but sent a most in- solent ultimatum of its-own. Will some person, Mr. STEAD or Mr. LABOUCHERE. for choice, tell the world how war was in such circumstances to have been avoided, and what would have happened if Great Britain had decided to let the whole business remain as it stood? Could the outcome have been peace ? Would it not have been the uprising of all the adverse elements in South Africa, and a war for the very existence of the British power there in any form The answer is supplied by the actual course of events. IN British practice, the rigid laws of pro- nunciation are variously relaxed for purposes of the A vernacular. The man in-the street never can be won to pronounce a certain simple words as in decency they should be pronounced. Till the end of time he will call "conversant" " conversant," and "conjugal" "conjugal" Plainly, he has decided that words not common in business conversation, he will pronounce, as need arises, exactly as she chooses And, similarly, he has given to many use ful and crematoria words a meaning altogether other than their own , and here again he is beyond the run li of protest An appeal He will always use "climax" where he means "acme," he will always (particularly in writing) be guilty of the fearful sin of " which " craft, he Mill so " perspicuity " where he means " pel spicntity " till Gabriel blows his trumpet and the stat s are near at hand , and it gives of other good words instance "ritualistic will always violently oils use in the case of General foreign words and phrases, has mistakes are IUOIL easily explicable, and may be condoned But, even so, there is no O'JMOIIH tension u li j, just now, he should continue to uiispionoiince words and names of constant OCCUR centre in connection with the South African crisis In this thing we have lamentably lost our sense of humour, take the most striking instance near at hand The managers of the Dampier Company, which is now at the Theatre Royal, playing sensational melodramatic more or less now one of the situation J under, have not as yet used to appreciation of the fact that it is wildly funny to hear one alleged Boer speak of "Ootlenders," i Allies' of " Oiitlundera/'anothorof " Urtlondeis," still another of " Uitlanders and so on, in sandy (ad nauseam, not one of the players coming within call of the proper and sufficiently easy pronunciation which is "AitlAnder, mt ImMiig a slight sound of war Similarly, why, in the same company, with opposing lines of rehearsal, should one actor speak of Kruger, and another of player, and still another of Kruger, when the proper pronunciation approximate as nearly as possible to the simple greer The condition of the Dampier Company is the condition of the man in the street, only the man in the street's case is en en more alarming This thing could not happen, except in a British community In France it could not possibly happen, since every foreign word temporarily or permanently imported into the French language is at once invested with the dress of a French spelling Even in America-fluid us the American language admittedly is, and awful as it is in some respects there is more consistency It is a hard position, anyhow and it is to be feared that Kruger will beKrujerand Km over and Kreuger with us for all time, while the teacher of youth will speak of the ill used Ahtlcndei right up to the time when this present war is only a film of far away tradition THE ParattahtoOátlands railway was constructed a few years ago, and it was intended that the line should develop the resources of the district, increase the revenues of the Department, and so forth. So far that line has not developed the resources of anything in particular, and as a revenue producer it has a fine and large record of persistent easiness. The Department rai), three trains a day on that line at one time ; but as it did not pay to run three trains daily to carry two men, Mrs. Delaney, and a tiled dog, by and by the system was changed, and now there isonlyone trainduilyeach way. There need be no complaint as to that; for as far as one can see, nobody would be much the worse if that one train was stopped. But the position is a little different on public holidays, or on special occasions. On Boxing Day there were sports at Oatlands, and a good many people mustered there, from all parts of the district. Many of these arrived at Parattah in the morning's express. To carry the crowd of train passengers on to Oatlands there was one outworn coach capable of carrying a dozen people at the outside. Such visitors as had to get back by the evening's express had to return from Oatlands in the same antiquated vehicle, through a heavy downpour of rain, and as the " coach " was in reality an open waggonette, the disgust of the passengers can be better imagined than described. Surely, since (rightly or wrongly) this railway exists, it might be used for the furtherance of the public convenience, at least on holidays. But the Parattah Oatlands railway is such a dreary concern that Mr. Back has, in all probability, studiously forge than the mere fact of its existence THIS WEEK'S "M it," -the contents of this week's issue of The Tasmanian Mail include the continuation of Miss A M Andrews's serial story In a Western Mining Camp," and amongst other original matter a rollicking New Year thorns by " Master," and one for Watch Night by " Ita," of Kettering Another seasonable story, complete in this number, is entitled ' Ghosts, from the talented pen of the lady who was riU s under the name of "Scotch Thistle" "A Trip to Europe" takes the reader into the neighbourhood of Chester and Liverpool, while " Apple blossom" deals with arsenals for grass land and harvesting notes there is a quantity of social intelligence by lady writers, whilst cricket and the other sports are fully dealt with, the North v South match being J; reported in detail, and "Stump" deals with the juniors' Boxing Day excursion down channel, and the close contest ployed on that occasion "Lynx has armaments as usual, and there is the customary compendium of political, mining, and commercial intelligence, with, of course, the latest news about the war, and everything else that can he secured by having Lead correspondents every where four pages of varied pictures make up a capital weekly paper PvritloiIG FUND We have received the following amounts, and shall be glad to acknowledge further contributions - Already acknowledged, £2 5/, & E. H Ward, 52 Pviitioiic FUND-Memo of subscriptions received by the hon treasurer -Sir James Agnew, £50, the Misses Cowell, £5/5/"; F I Young, £5/5/ , 1 M Young, 25 5/ , An Englishwoman, 25/5/ ; the Hobart Stock Exchange, £25 , James Rule, £5 , O Arthur Waller, £5 , Mrs Arthur Leake £5, John Bowman, £6/5 , J Cranston, £1 , Mrs Cranston, £1 , Mr and Mrs L Lodge, £5/5/, Coiuiiiciual Bank of 'Tasmania Limited, £105 , Chas J Barclay, £52/10 -C J BAI.CI U, hon treasurer Hobart, December 29, 1869 HOBART GAS Co AND THE- PA I KIO ric I AM) -A meeting of the Hobart Gas Co stall was held last evening to discuss ways and means of aiding the Patriotic and it was decided that all the members of the staff should contribu be, from salaries and wages, 3d. in the £1 per week for six months. Mr. W. J. Campbell, secretary to the company, was appointed treasurer. THE PATRIOTIC FUND It is announced that the Hobart Choral Society will repeat the performance of the IrlcsiUih, which proved so successful on Christmas night, at the Town-hall to-morrow (Sunday) night, after the conclusion of the various church services. Of course no charge of admission can be made, but a collection will be taken in aid of the Patriotic Fund, which should be liberally responded to. A special advertisement requests all performers to be in their places by not later than 8 30 o'clock. CITY PonoBCouirr. -Messrs. T. Bennison and T. Whitesides, Je.!'., presided yesterday. Marion Richardson, an old offender, was sent to gaol for a month on a charge of vagrancy. Two women named Chandler and Williams were charged with having committed a breach of the Police Act.' The former in keeping a disorderly house on the 16th inst., and the latter in harbouring women of ill- repute. Chandler was fined 20s and costs 7/0, or seven days, and Williams 40/6 | and costs 9/6, or one month's in prison ment. A resident of High-street, named Mary Williams, was lined 5/ and costs 10/0, or seven days, for using improper language to a neighbour on December in. The end of the 10th century draws near, and still MARVEL. BORAX SOAP holds its own against all comers. POLICE ITEM. The Police Commissioner has decided to appoint Constable Pope watch-house keeper at the City Police station vice Detective Gavitt, and he will reside in the quarters to be vacated by the latter officer ; Mrs. Pope will be appointed female searcher. HJAlways secure the best and biggest bar galnyoucan-O.K. SOAP. SIXPENCKISVEUY WILLIE. " BANK HOLIDAY. His Excellency the Governor has proclaimed Tuesday next, the 2nd prox., a Bank Holiday throughout Tasmania. INFLUENZA,- We are putting up remedies which proved so successful durb R former epidemics, and the demand is unprecedented. The two best remedies put up by Lux, ready for post, 21; post free, 23 anywhere Single bottles, each. Full directions given. "Platypus" eucalyptus Oil besttodestror Influenza Germs. In bottles at 16. H. T. LloULD & Co., 78] KUsabetii-itmat, Hobart ' Ciiuiicii Silt chs Notifications of Church services to be held to not now appear in the fourth page (with sermon) kill him I am Ni comaum -Review of the year 1899, A'liip to Europe Letters to the 1 editor and ndtciliMcnicnts On for a Visit to an Must UM IND Allt G VI I I lit -Yeslc i lay the linen Geo T Collins (Chief Secretary) and Sir James Arnott, 36 C M G , M.D., chairman of the trustees of the lasiiiiuiuui Museum and Art C Allen paid a visit to the Museum during the afternoon Sir James Agnew's connection with the Museum dates back as far as the year 1851, when Sir John 1 Jacklin was Governor of Tas mania In more) ways than scientific and art department have been greatly assisted by the w ii they chai unan and it is pleasing to had the Grand Old Man," in his both years, still takes a keen interest in any movement for the full extent of our fellow colonist We feel sure we are only echoing the wishes of the residents of Foster and in wishing Sir James it happy New Year Hour liiiNin CIIUIICII Junini--At position is filled to the fixtures advertised for the celebration of the jubilee of Holy Trinity Church beginning on January 14 next, and extending of cr a week special services will be held, at one of which the Bishop of Adelaide will be the preacher On Monday, Both the Bishop will preside at a social to be held in he town hall Wednesday, 17th will be devoted to an outdoor fete in Mrs Brent's grounds at Beaulieu, New Town road, which will give the organisers a good opportunity to sue lain their reputation for novel and attractive amusements The grounds are to be illuminated with the electric light in the evening On Saturday, 20th, it is intended to run a series of river excursions A II t I HOI iDAt Gn ANTI o -The Chief Secretary (Hon G Collins) has agreed to the request made by a deputation from the Cricket Association, and has given instructions for the Government offices at Hobart to be closed at 4 p m on Tuesday next, on the occasion of the cricket match between New South Wales and Tasmania Vicioititv Duns Exi'Kin - Mr P Potts, the Victorian dairy export will arrive in Tasmania on January 10, but can only remain 14 days in the cole by Arrangements as to the apportionment of Mr Potts's time with regard to the li vert, of lectures, are in the hands of the Council of Agriculture Lo\ ii Oimci INSTITUTION -The coming to t k will be one of much interest to the members of this institution On Monday, January, 4, the annual meeting of the Tasmanian Grand Lodge will be held in the Mechanics' hall, and on the following Thursday, January 4, there will be assembled, as members of the Supreme Grand Council of Australasia, some of the most prominent men of Victoria and the other colonies. Among the number will be the Hon. Simon Fraser, M.L.C., Hon. R T. Vale, MLC, Alderman Snowball (Melbourne), and others equally as well known. The event is of no mean importance, this being the first time that Hobart has been chosen for the meeting of the Council, which is only called together every third year. CEYLON TUA. Rickshaw Brand for quality and delicacy of flavour stands unequalled. Ask for it. THKGKOUOIAMIN.STIIHLS.-Mr. Orpheus M. McAdoo Georgia Minstrels and Alabama Cake walkers, numbering 30, open for four nights at the Temperance hall, commencing this evening The repertoire of the company is versatile and comprehensive, and the name of Mr. McAdoo is a guarantee of general excellence. The company arrives this morning from Launceston, and Mr. McAdoo's band will parade this afternoon. Great preparations have been going on at the Temperance-hall during the last few days, and the hall has been converted into a veritable theatre. The plan is now open at Walch and Sons', where seats are being rapidly booked for the four nights. Day tickets may be obtained at Nettlefold's and Cearns Bros', for stalls and pit. SPHINX TEA. Those who prefer a high' class blend should take nothing but this brand. QUEEN'S DOMAIN. -The Valdares combined shows - circus, Vaudeville and gymnast carnival open in the Queen's Domain for a short season on Monday evening next, New Year's Day. The whole will be under one canvas roof. The company comprises 30 artists. The veteran Mr. H. P. Lyons is the advance representative. Announcement is made of a matinee performance, to be given on Wednesday next, for the special delectation of juvenile Hobart. The management has, at considerable expense, chartered a train to bring the company, with marquee, paraphernalia, and scenery from Launceston, so that there may be no delay in erecting on the Domain the commodious and comfortable structure in which the performances are given. Shine your boots and preserve your leather with GLASGOW BLACKING. CENTRAL HOBART MISSION The poor attending the above Mission have not been forgotten during this season of general festivity. Through the generosity of a few Christian friends the workers have, in their rounds, been able to render some as- I siBlance to the most needy, and last night each family and single member of the Mission were provided with cake and groceries with which to keep their " Hogmanay A word to the wise is sufficient. Use MAGIC SOAP. Let's soap you do. INTERCOLONIAL, CRICKET MATCH. A cricket match, Tasmania v. New South Wales will be played on the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association's ground to-day, commencing at noon. Sl'HiNX TTA is packed in Jib. and lib. tins. RICKSHAW In lead packets. Either is perfection. RICHMOND CONVENTION supplementary bazaar in aid of the Richmond Convent Fund, will be held in the local Library hall to-day. A concert will be given on the occasion. NELSON, MOATE&CO.;'S TEAS sold by all grocers RICHMOND A meeting of the Municipal Council was held yesterday for the purpose of receiving applications for the office of Council Clerk. There were 18 applicants for the office, and after consideration Mr. H. G. Thompson received the appointment. When buying NELSON, MOATE & Co's TEAS. see name on each packet. GLENORCHY HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY. -The summer show of this society has been fixed for Wednesday, January 17. Entries close on the Hills prox. RICHMOND MUNICIPAL BYE ELECTION,' The poll for this extraordinary election is fixed for Thursday next. Messrs. D. Pitt, W. Stonehouse, and C. J. Swan are the candidates. GLAMORGAN ELECTORATE Mr. Fred. Shaw announces that he intends to seek re- election to the House of Assembly for the Glamorgan district. A NEW YiiAK'H Gin -To the Public of Tnsim ideA. BUIIKIWIKM), Jeweller, Elizabeth street, tenders his hearty thanks for their generous support during the year, and In return offers for to day and to night only his magnificent stock of Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, and Sterling Silver Goods, Electroplate etc at a fifteen per cent reduction. This will apply to every article over the value of two and sixpence. The stock will not bore marked, but the prices taken just as they are, and fifteen percent, deducted. This magnificent stock is already too well known to require explanation. Those selecting New Year's Gifts will do well to bear this in mind. It must be understood that the sale is for to day and tonight only, and applies to cash purchasers. NELSON, MOATE CO'S Celebrated TEAS Best value obtainable. REMINDER FOR XMAS PRESENTS.- The magnificent stock at L. H. llimiv'H, OU, Liverpool street, comprises the following; -Silver, Gold, and Nickel Watches, Gill, Marble, Nickel, and Walnut Clocks, Brooches, Bangles, Chain Bangle, Gem, Wedding and Band Rings, Links, Heart Pendants, Necklets, Daggers, MuffCbaimt, Fobs, Belts and Pius, Chai ins, Tiinkots, Veil Clips, Shoe Lifts, Button Hook, Pill" Boxes, Match Boxes, Pin Trays, Cigar and Cigarette Cases, Brushes, Combs and Mirrors ; splendid variety of Nickel and Silver Mounted Purses, Card Cases, Wallets, Pocket Books, Cigar and Cigarette Cases, Spirit flasks, Gent's. Gold and Silver Albert.., Lockets, Belts, and Belt Clasps, etc., etc. The stock is the finest ever shown in Hobart, and prices are unequalled elsewhere. Cull and inspect. 