A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AT AUBURN. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD. Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in visitants from another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies hard. Miss Mlarner, of "Lamiogton," Victoria road, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once seen something resembling a ghost-- when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, no debilitated was she by many months illness. She says - "I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, hut experieneed a continned languid eeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclin ation to do so, there was no fear of my dis-. obeying thin order, and I took the "qoinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest."' " 'We tried every thing to induce sleep," interposed Mr. larner, "but without effect; then I con sulted a well-known Collins-street reacti tioner. He said my daughter was aofering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, hot she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning ; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere eoest. "This time last year," said Mifs. Alice, "I weighed 7st. 3Sba, now I am now 9st. lIb." "A great improvement ; your treatment mont have been beneficial 2" "No; all the medicine I got dird me very little Rood. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve the credit. Just before the Juohilee holidays, father bonuht me a box of Dr Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel-streer. Prohrao ; they did me e', much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I dis eontinned t'kion them. ned I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would recommend them ?" " Yes ; and that strongly, too," said Mr. Warner, "had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would hare eaved me a hundred pounds." There are many readers who may he fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as tlhis young lady did. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will cure aniemia, weak heart, sleeplersness. scrofola, con sumption, chronic erysipelas, deboility, indi gelstion, liver and kidney diseases, and chest and lung troubles, pale and sallow com plexions, paralvysis, locomotor ataxia, nenealgia, St Vitas' dance, and nervous headache, and all nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr. .Villhams' ?elicine Company, c/o Rocke, Tompeitt and Co., Flioders street, Melbourne, at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen and threepence, but are genuine only with the POLL NAAM. (seven words), Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each hox. Thoousands have testified to their curative powers. 