The Secret of ffflonks wootl Waste. CHAPTER VI. 'and now i'm in the world alone.' Lying 'back in the softest of lounging-chairs smoking an unexceptionable hubblo-bub&e; — a supper, 'worthy of tho Trois Freres, before him — Oyril Trovariion sat gazing out at tho falling January snow and tho lights of the town twinkling feebly through the white drift. For it was January now, and tho foam of the sea seen from his window waBnot whiter than the streets of Brighton. It had been a sharp struggle between life and death, during those weary weeks of brain fever, but his strong, young manhood, his iron constitution, had vanquished death. Ho was convalescent now — tho palo shadow of his darkly hand nomo Half, but with life beating strongly in the strong heart that only knew itsf own bitterness. The haggard face looked very still and rigid — almost marble-like in its white calm. He was facing tho inevitable, as all brave men must, with stoical endurance and quiet. ' The news had fled apace — borne on the very winds of heaven. The latest sensation at the clubs and the moBB-lables, among gOBsipjug dowagers and chattering young ladies, was tho mad marriage of General Trovanion's only son, ' Poor 'devil !' tho men said, with a laugh and a shrug, 'what an inconceivable idiot : the follow must be. He has sent hor adrift, they say — no doubt the little ballerina has made a capital thing of it!' It had flown down oven to Monkswood Priory, to goad the fiery-hearted old seigneur to utter madness — to make him curse, in his passionate pride, the hour of that once idolized son's birth. ? * And Oyril Trovanion knew all this — they did thoir boot, Major Poworscourt and Captain Hawkaloy, in their friendly good, nature, but they could not keep it from him. Did it not stare at him from the very columns of Bell's iltfe, with toll- talo initials and droll comments ? If his palo face turned a shade more ghastly, if his teeth locked hard together— ho made no . othor sign. His six-shooter lay ready to his hand, but lao never looked that way. In tho first hour of his .madness, those pistols, lying loaded on his table, wore to havo blown out his infatuated brains ; but he had boon saved, as by firo, and his thoughts never ?turned to that escape now. And not once, since ho had been stricken' down by that TJn soon Hand, had tho fatal name of tho golden hftired traitress escaped his lips. He sat alono this evening. Major Powers conrt had left him to enjoy, his Manila in tho koon January air. Ho eat alone, smoking steadily — .tho book he had boon reading fallen on his knee — his dark, dreamy oyes fixed on tho darkening sky and sea. It waB quite dark when iho Indian officor strolled in, filling tho warm Toom with a rush of wintry air. 'Musing i» the gloaming,' the major said, ?choorily ; 'romantic, dear boy, but uncom monly conduoivo .to dismal* and blue devils. Wo'll light the gaB and soiad you to bed; invalids always go to roost with the chickens.' ?'Novor mind the gas, Poworsoourt,' the ?younger man said, impatiently ; ' tboro is lifiht onongh for what I want to Hay. . I havo played invalid long enough— I'll bo off. to morrow.' ' Ah !' said tho major, taking a spat noar, a,nd lighting another woed. ' You're off, aro you ? Well, I havo mo objootion, providod your destination ia MonkBW.ood.' .? ' MoukBwood I' Cyril Trovanion ropoatod, bitterly. ' My last visit to Monkuwood ?was bo ploasant that it is likely I will hasten to return.' Tho roh of Prodigal Son is not tho least in my lino, and General Trovanion is hardly Iho sort o£ father to' 1 kill tho fatted calf and robo tho ponitont in gold and purple. No, Poworsoourt, I havo looked my last on Monkswood. I ana tho first of tho raoo who over disgraood tho name of Trovauioh — a name that novor waB ap proached by shamo nutil.I bore it. I know how my father roooivod mo laBt— one hardly caros to bravo that sort of thing twioo.' Tho major listened very quietly. „ 'What, then, do you mean to do P You hftvo somo plan formed, I suppose r 1 ' Yen, I shall oxohango— go out to India. Ono always finds hot work out yondor, aud tho sooner a Sopoy builofc sondB ono moro fool ont of the world -ho botler. I was coward 1 enough, that first night, to moditate solf murdor. I ani thankful) at lensfc, that that last dastardly dood w,ns spared me. It would bo a fitting ending, no doubt, for auoli a bo sotted lifo as mino has boon.' ' Don't give it such l.orriblo oarnostnoBS, my fnuud,' Major Paworaoourt said, puffing calmly at his cigar; ' nothing is over worth a, scone, You will go out, of oourso— in any cbbb yon could hardly do bottor j but lot us hopo for a moro agrocablo onding than a Sepoy bul lot. And one's fathor iu ono'« father i if I worn you I would run down to Monkflwood ,and say adieu. Mvon Gonoral Ewes Trovanion may havo boon guilty of follioHin his lifo-timo— if nor, tlion ho tans boon -most, oonfoundudly alandorod, Lot him '?'??. ihtnk\of tho paat, and not turn ho tromondously Spartan and' stiff-iiookod. ' Wo' all havo our littlo weakAoBHos whore nrotty women aro „ concern ed—tho bosfc of un/' , Oyril laughed surdonioully. z'.' But; you don't marry Uiom, my boy. I might liavo boon onauiourod o£ all tho griBottos and ballot girlfl in London ; ho that I did not stoop to tho raadnoss of.wodlook, my rigidly njoral father might hayo disapproved, but ho WBnrotlly would not havo discarded. How ever, as you Bay, a 'father once, a father always ; and tho dear old governor has always acted like a trump to me. I'll go down, if you insist very strongly, Powerseourt — I owe you more than that.',' Ho stretched forth his hand in the darkness and his friend grasped it in a strong grip. ' Be a man, and live down the present. We willlaugh over it together out there in India, when you win your colonelcy, And she — havo you no curiosity about her, Trevanion ?' 'You dealt with her,' Cyril responded, very quietly j ' I ask to know no more. I don't think tho day will ever como when I can hear hor name quite unmoved,' ' It was as quiet as possible,' the major said, ' we had no scene. She went at once, and she consented, readily enough, to drop your name and trouble you no more. She will hardly follow yoa to the interior of India, Sikh-shooting and pig-sticking. And now, my lad, I don't want to hurry your departure, you know, but I really think the sooner you quit Brighton, and show yourself at Monks wood, tho better. And tho sooner you are off for India, tho better still. The voyage — the new lifo — the chance to distinguish yourself, will,do.you .a .world of good. . I'll follow you myself imtwo or three months. I find this sort of thing very slow.' chances are fifty to one that my father will will not see me—tkat I will find the door closed iu my face ; but still— and thea I should like to say good-bo to little Sybil.' ?? 'Who may 'little Sybil' bo?' ' Lady Lemox's daughter. Ah! I forget; you don't know.. Lady Lomox. She waB a Trevanion — a distant cousin or something — and sho ran' away with Lord Lemox at tho age of Bovonteon. Sho bad, nothing and ho had leBS — a title and a rainous Highland castle, and the pride of tho Mil tonic Lucifer. Ho was good enough to give up tho ghost a year or two ago, leaving, as the newspapers say, 'a disconsolate widow and two children to mourn their irreparable loss.' .Since thon, Lady Lemox, little Sybil, and Charley, have spent their time pretty evenly among thoir friends. They were at Monks wood on tho occasion of my last visit, and my father was good enough to inform me that Sybil was to be his heiress. Every rood ho poBBOsses, every sou ho cpmmands, are to go to hor. Monkswood, of course, is entailed and out of his power, but that is to be left to desolation and decay. The Trovanions show themselves to bo good haters, at least.' ' Then,' the major said, with a half-laugh, ' your only plan is to marry tho heiress, How old may she be ?' ' Four or five.' . ' That gives you thirteen years to forget the falsest of the false. The Sybil is pretty, of course. The women of your race are and always have been, I believe. Come home covered with scars and glory in thirteen years, and marry the pretty Sybil out of hand'. Girls of eighteen are all hero-worshipporB, she won't be able to pay no. Courage, my friond. You will marry a high-born bride and a splendid dowry yet, and the worthless littlo Hose may go an diable I' ?' I will never marry,' Cyril Trovanion re plied quietly. 'I moan it, Poworscourt. ; I could never trust earthly woman again; I could never placo my name and my honour in the keeping of things so light and frail. They are what we men mako them— toys of an hour. Wo'll drop the subjeot, if you like, Poworsoourt, and for good. I'll run down to morrow, take a last look at the dear old placo — at my bright littlo Sybil — who will mako a much bettor use of tho Trovanion ducats than over I would do — say farewell to tho general, and depart. And now, as I am about tired smoking, and as you must be wearied nearly to death playing Bick-nurso, I'll be meroiful and go to bod.' ' And don't quite go to tho dogs with dospair,' Poworsoourt suggested, Btrolling out. ' You know what tho most disconsolate of all poots says : ' Thy hoart may break yet brokenly . livo on.' It's oxceediug true, dear boy. The * heart may breaic,' yet wo smoke our Manilas and onjoy our valse deux tem]jt, the stories at mess, our bitter boor and Cavendish as muok as over. ' The heart may break,' but wo eat, drink, uudbo merry, and laugh at tuo peep-snows, me aanomg. uer vishos, ' tho Almes, and the merrygo rounds of Vanity Pair, with aB koon- a relish as before. Thoro's nothing in lifo worth all this tromondous earnostnoss ; and ono may hope so much for young subalterns of nineteen. Pardon the prosiness for tho sake of tho moral,' and tho consideration that it will bo my last lodturo. Bo a good boy ; go down to Monkswood, and. do the penitential to tho governor. In the immortal words of the copy book, ' Bo virtuons aud you will bo happy.' ' ? And thon this military moralist strolled languidly out, rathor ^surprised at hiB own oloquence, and want off to a gamo of ecartd that would laBt to tho very smallest of tho small hours. - ' Early next morning Lieutenant Trovanion bid his frionds adieu, and started for1 Monks wood. Very bitterly camo back to him the memory of that othor journey two short months before, when Roso had boon his ideal of all that is truo, aud puro, and womanly. 'And nowl ' I would rathor faco tho maddoBt bull that ovor gored tho lifo , out of gladiator,' .ho thought, ' than my fathor. But I havo promisod Poworscourt, and Twill koop my word.'1' Tho January sky waB all ono living glow with the glory of sunsot whun tho young man passed through the park gates, and up tho statoly avonuo of oak and elm to tho grand nortioo outranco of tho houso. Tho massive turrets of tho priory loomed abovo tko tall . troo-tops, its wbBtorn windows glittering rodly in tho sunset light. But ovorywhpra Btrango stillnoBS roignod — no joyous barking of dogs, no curling wroaths of emoko, no paBBing of stablo-boys or gardonors to be token lifo. Ab solomnly still as tho onstlo of tiro Sleeping Boauly, Monkswood priory liy« ,-.'', ' Already,' Oyril thought, his heart sinking — 'already, tho desolation has bagun. My fathor koops his promiso betimes I' Ho pausodSn f ront . of tho massive facado and looked tip. Doathly stillnoBB ovorywhoro, ouvtainB drawn, blinds closod, no faoo at any of tho windows, no twinkling lights bohind those mnllionod canomontH. Doad Hilonco— solitndo aa doop as though ho stood in tho hoart of aomo primoval forent. Ab ho lingorod, spoil-hound, a loud clock, pvor tho distant stairo, striking flix, aroused him. \- ' Thoro must bo somo ono loft,' ho thought ; « Mrs. Telfor, flt least.' He made his way round to a smaller door deep in a stone archway, and rang a bell. No one came, He rang again more loudly, and after a time — a wearily long time— tke key turned in the lock, and' an old man's face looked out. ' What's yer wull ?' this old man aBked, in broad Gaelic, staring hard at tho tall, dark figure looming up in tho twilight. ' Don't you know me, Mclvor P' Cyril said. ' Where is tho housekeeper ? Where isMrs.Telfer?' .. . ' The Lord be gude till us !' the old man gasped ; ' deil's in it if it's no Maister Cyril himBel'! Tho t housekeeper's gane, tho auld gineral's gane, me loddy b gane, and tho twa wains wi' her. They're all gane, Maister Cyril, -but auld Janet and me, and troth we'll gao oursel's 'afore lang; for, oh! its a grue some placo and a lonesome ' And yo'vo cam back, Maister Cyril, and we niver thocbt to clap eo on ye mair.' Tho young man leaned heavily against tho granite archway, very pale. He was weak still, and he had not expected this, ' Do you know where my father has gone P' he asked. ' Doiltak-Vraa ifXdo! ..Hojwas'pf a high stomach and a proud temper always, and it's no likely he'd tak' auld Mclver into --his confidence and tell .him his plans like in a twa- handod crack. I dinna kin, Maister Cyril, where ony ano o' them's gane; but MistreBS Telfer she's awa* to Trevanion Park, and a' the sairvents wi' her, clapt on board wages, teel soch'n a time as the gineral may see feet to come back. And Janet and me, we're left here teel further orders ; and. deil's in it, but I think the anld ' prior' o' gbaistly memory stalks frao^oom to room, telling his beads, and ? The garrulous old kooper of Monkswood was cut short by finding himself suddenly alone. The young heir had swung himself abruptly round and disappeared. ' Hech, sirs !' muttered Mclvor, staring after him into tho twilight; ' deil to my saul, if he's no gano ! He's no unliko a speerit himsel', stalkin up pale and dark, and vanish ing in the clapping o'. an ee like a ghaist in the gloaming. Weel, I maun gang back to Janet and tho parritch.' He re-locked tho door, wagging his hoary head, and Cyril Trovanion strode down in tho wintery (starlight, solitary and alono as he had come. The moon had risen above_the tree tops — a round, white, silver shield, with numberless stars cleaving clear and keen around her, and the mystic glades of fern and underwood blackwith bitter frost, tho dark expanse of beeoh and elm and oak looked wondroualy beautiful in tho solemn night. The discarded son turned to take- ono parting look, his hoart' very bitter. . . . ' Will I ever see it again p' he said, aloud, between his sot teeth, ' A noble heritage lost through the mad folly of a mad boy ! My pretty Sybil may take this with tho rost ; I will never return to claim it. Seven feet of Indian soil, and an' Indian bullet to do its merciful work, is all I ask of Fate now !' ' And even that you will not got, dis honoured son of many Trovanions !' said a shrill voice at his elbow. 'A soldier's honoured ' grave is too fair a .fate for your father's son. Tho curse of ' the murdered prior, Bhot down like a.dog-in yonder green glade, will fall on the last of tho raco ! And you and Sybil Lemox are the last !' He had turned round, and found himself face to face with tho weird witch who had suroriBed him on his last visit — old Hester, *'You again, Hecate P' lie said. 'You can trespass with impunity now, I supp'ose. But hadn't you better keep civil, and hadn't you best not play eavesdropper P Suppose you go homo, my venerable beldame, if you possess such & thing. ThoBe night-do ws are uncommonly provocative of rheumatics.' Ho'walkod away rapidly; but old Hestor stood whore he had loft hor, shaking hor bony fist after him impotontly. 'Tho curso will come 1 tho doom will fall 1 I soo it in the future— your fato and the littlo. Lady Sybil's. I have read tho stars, and I know what they sayi and tho timo is coming fast. ''Tho bat shall flit, the onl shall hoofcj : Grim Bain stalks with haste) The doom shall f«ll when MonkHWond Hall, Is cihungud to Monkswood Waste;' ' And with tho ominous crooning of this hoary old ravon, Oyril Trovanion looked his last on Monkswood Priory. Two wooks later, among tho crowd as: semblsd on tho pier, watohiug tho steamer bearinc tho troops to tho transport further down tho Thamos.'thore stood a littlo womau, closely veiled, whoso oyos worot steadfastly fixed on ono iiguro, 'standing a triflo apart on tho dock— a conspicuous figuro, tho lofty head towering orcot, oven among those _ stalwart old veterans — a figuro that stood witty foldod arms, tho military cap drawn ovor his moody brows, looking his last on England — ? Lioutonaut Cyril Trovanion. As tho stoamor puffod its way out into tho stream, farowoll cheors given and roturnod, tho band playing gayly ' Tho Girl I LoftrBo hiud Mo, tho littlo woman on Iho pier, with a suddoii motion, flung back hor veil and mado hor way to the front. People mado room Cor the pretty, girlish face, lightod with its brilliant azuro oyos, and Hlmrlod bv clittorincf ambor rinclols. ..' As by mosmeriq, force, tho dark oyoB of tho solitary guzor on the dock turned that. way and oncountorod the brightly smiling oyos, the dimplod, roseate faco. , , ' J3on voyage, Oyril I' called tho oloar, silvery voioo of tho siren. ' Until, wo moot again, adiou and ait revoirl' Ho novor moved. Tho stoamor snorted and puffod her noisy way aoross tho Thamos, until tho pior and tho crowd woro but blaok spooks ugaiust tho sunlit Fobruary sky. But the last Bound Oyril Trovanion hoard was tho musical voioa of tho woman who hnd driven him, an outcast and an, oxilo, from his native land; tho last ;faoo ho waa doomod.to boo on, IDngliflii, soil— tho fatal faco, of Boso, his wifo. ? ? (To beiionHwod,) . 