Tenacity of Life. "Il is an astonishing tiling how some species of animals will cling lo life," said Longbow as he hesitated beiween the choicc of a coffec berry and a clove. "1 read in an authentic work a short time ago that an alligator will go on fighting for hours after the Iwain has been removed from jls body.' 'How long have you beCn studying natural history?' asked Whoppers with a rapid but comprehensive survey of the free lunch table. 'Not long,'answered Longbow. 'But I was thinking of the extraordinary way a lobster I saw yesterday held on to his time on earth. I went into the Arcadia and ordered a broiled live lob ster. After 1 had ordered it I told old Shuflies, the head waiter, that the last one had evidently been boiled scvaral days before it was broiled. 'Come with me,' he savs, and took me into the kit chen. There stood the cook, with uplifted knife, over an enormous green bodied lobster that was frothing at the gills with passion. The knife came down, and Mr Lob spread himself out in two equal divisions, but was livelier than ever. 'Two more blows severed the claws from the body, but each claw continued to gnash its teeth with rage. One caught hold of the knife ««nd tried lo gel il from the cook, but the blade was so sharp it had to let go. In another minute il was writhing on the silver grill with a vigor that would have sham ed any of Mr Fox's most active martyrs. 1 thought the struggle would never end, but at last, with a deep sigh, he gave up the ghost, and as lie did so blushed a rosy red with sliatnc at what he thought his weakness.'' 'Whal'll y' have?' asked Whoppers lerselv. ' Same,' responded Longbow, a gleam of triumph in his eye. ' As you say,1 said Whoppers as he paid for the drinks, ' lobsters arc very tenacious of life. Hut they're not in it with eels." 'Is this another fish storv?' asked Longbow cynically, but wiih a faint suspicion of approaching discomfiture. ' Well, I suppose an eel is a fish as much as a lobster,' retorted Whoppers curtly. ' Hut 1 was going lo give you a specimen of wlm the eel can do in llie clinging to life line. . I was fishing for pike in Sloppy creek a couple of summers ago. and one day 1 pulled out the largest eel I ever saw in my life. I won't lell you how large he was, because if I dial you might doubt i the rest of it. lie was not only big, he was athletic. He was the contortionist eel that ever sucked it bail off a liooli. One minute he'd pirouetting on the end of his tail, then he'd stand on his neck and go through all die evolutions of a skin dancer with the rest of liini. I had brought wYi 'n : r' i j biggest basket that I could find in .Sloppyville, but, try, as 1 would, I couldn't double that eel up and get liini in the basket. ' Finally, when we'd both agreed on a breathing spell, 1 picked up an ax while he was resting and, with one blow, cut liini clean in to. I)o you think that quieted him ? Not a bit of it. The two ends looked up at mc with mingled haired and reproach and before 1 could get the basket anywhere near them had jumped back into the crcek. Now comes the most curious part of it. What do you suppose the consequence was ?' ' I haven't the remotest idea,' replied Longbow ueeasily. ' Well, I'll tell you.' said Whoppers in that impressive way of his that always made his friends squirm. ' Subsequent investigation proved that the two ends of that eel married each pther and raised a whole colony of bifurcated eclets !' Longbow looked at Whoppers long and earnestly without littering a word. ' Mine's whisky,' suggested the latter, as he returned the look with a frank, in genuous smile. 