The Home. By Wav of Protest. How forlorn and dreary is the thought that for most of us It will not be enough to die once — to have it said of us, as of one gone hence In summer, 'His part in all the pomp that fills The circuit of the summer hills Is that his grave is green.' But that in addition to giving up the dear life we love, the work, the wages; the people we care for, the bright pleasures and joyous activities, we must also be dropped for ever from the family talk, our names shunned, our little ways for gotten, till the places that now know us will literally soon know us no more. ' Don't speak of ? to her mother ; she cannot bear-It/' we say, in tender fear lest we shall lay a rough finger oh an aching wound. . ' Don't stir up ithe grief o£ that child ;' let her go on her light-, hearted way, arid forget her mother j(or her father.)' ' Don't allude to -7-?- ; her people are not able to talk about her.' And so it goes, from one ? to another, always the motive one of gen tleness, kindness, love, ancl always the result the same — a gradual and imper ceptible but relentless obliteration of the personality that was lately . vital, * im portant, and dominant. ' » One would suppose it a crime or a blunder on the part of the de'aa' to have gone away, leaving themselves so help less that they cannot -raise even the wan ghost of opposition to the oblivion which is their paefcion. Are they ' hot, twicfe dead, these- beloved ones, Qf-^whom we never speak, whose little jeEJts£?a|jd5-iuips we no longer revive, whose jjortioh. it is to be dismissed from the vtat-le, the drawing-room, the walk, the drive, from the congregations of men,- as if they had never existed ? rJ: ? , :. Yet by a singular' parodox.our for gotten dead refuse to be dismissed and Ignored ; this babe in your arms has the trick of eyebrow, the turn of head, Whic!h belonged to her grandmother. That college boy has the manner, the pose, the bearing of the young uncle who passed away at Gettysburg, and was buried on the field. Family traits will not be blotted out ; they are im .perishably alive. One'a . follies, faults, tempers, as well. as one's physical pecu liarities, are revived and reappear in successive generation1'.; We die, but it is in a way as .last year's flowers died ; others as fair shall step into our vacant places, and, lo ! the places will not be vacant ; the game will go on ; the music, ithe laughter, the dancing feet, the wed ?d1ng march, the cradle joy, all will come again. : Yet, why must it be, for us and for ours, that, once burled, we who did love and do remember them should avoid their very mention? One loves to think of dear faitherless children, who ?always in the nightly prayers still ask God ' to bless papa.' Why not ? ' God's in his heaven ; All's right in all worlds.' — 'Harper's Bazair.' 