S DAMARIS. " ~-4--- He Ihadljust moved into hils new lodg SIntgs and had endeavored to make the * bare, cheerless room a llttle more home like. but, though the photographs were .scattered about, his pipe-rack nailed over the mantel shelf, surmounted by a neat and effective border of unpaid bills, sundry writs and County Court notices, he was yet unsatisfied with the general effect. Of course, there was a vast difference between the luxurious quarters in Mur ray 111il, \which he had just vacated, and these small, stifling rooms with their horsehair furniture, but he was some what of a philosopher, and his motto .was to go with the tide. This time, however, the current had been to. strong, nd be found himself at last stranded, with an allowance of L?200 a year. the last remnant of the handsome fortune that had once been his. The fault was entirely Iis own. He frankly admitted it, though most men .would have laid the blame on the woman who was the' primary cause of it all, but he did not condemn her. Hle also had been to blame. She was poor, and he had made love to her under false colors-had led her to bellere'he was a poor Government clerk at a sal ary of L150 a year. His object at first had been purely for his own amusement, but she was not the kind of woman tit ted to be a man's plaything, and the game had ended in deadly earnest. Therefore, it was with some trepida Stion that he had written, confessing that which he had concealed from her. He was scarcely prepared, however, for the curt reply that came: "I am going away to-day. Good-bye." SMechanically he opened the drawer of the writing table at which he stood. It was full of papers and little womanly trifles, evidently tile property of the for mer occupant of the room. Unconscious ly be commenced to read the paper in his band-the writing. was blurred and Ir * regular, as though written by someone in ill-health: , " - "Dear, why do I think of you to-day? It seems as though you must be near, or Is it because it is spring time and my room is full of yellow daffodils. I am :.writing a letter to you, one tlat:.ou will I never receive-forl all I k.now you mayi be dead, or, even married. It does not I seem so long since we met, though T know it is years ago. -I wonder if you would be glad to know that I to-day am thinking of you; that out of the desolate c gray comes a vague, sweet dream that brings you near to me. To-morrow it will 1' be winter again- winter ih nmy heart and Ishall tear upthis letter; but to-day the dreariness has faded. There is no touch of scorn to freeze my' heart, no a kisses cold as death to chill my lips-no a silence that aches 'round me with its e worldless pain ... . I hear the whis per of spring that breathes of hope: I feel the touch' of clinging hands--your hair against my cheek. "Dear, whom I might not know were I to meet you now, 1 do you doubt.my, love, that you let me go out o? your life ,Without a word or ai 'sign that you cared- ' ' Here the writlig- terminated abruptly.i: .The reader stood at in a dream, staring straight before llhilnto the dingy streeti h Her handwriting! "It was as though a ghost had'risen to confront him. A knock at tfiedoor airoused him fro t his stupor, 'and the' laidlady bustled In r with the tea tray; her quick eyes cauglit a sight of the open drawer. "Good laws,a I meant to clear that out, sir!" she ex clalmed,-"but the poor young lady being out of my head." . "Is-is'shadcad?'.he faltered. A dead- r ly fear had taken possession of him; his face paled'to ashen hue. - '"Lor', no, leastaways not yet,'. Fald - the good woman', cheerfully.' "I went to see her last week at the 'orspital, but the doctor don't give any hope of her gettin' better." t . As she spoke she swept the contents of the drawer into her apron,and he winced at the sight-to him it seemed like dese- t cration, and his hand closed convulsively I on the lettfr he held. "Which hospital was she taken to?" he skted, steadying his voice with an ef fort. "Tile one just around in the square, sir," answered the woman. Then. in I hurried apology: "You'll be wantin' your .1 tea, sir; you looh: tired." ' As the door closed on her portly form he-dropped his head in his hands. "Goqd God!" he groaiihd.."a whole :week has .i passed; she may be deadl." "It was visiting day at the hospital: thlie ward was bright -with spring flowers, d and brighter faces lit up. by that pathe- t tic, wistful expectancy characteristic of the sick. There was an eager hum of voices, too, hushed occasionally .by an t admonishing word from the nurse in t charge. In the same ward, railed off by s a curtained screen froin the other pa-" a tients, lay a girl asleep. No visitor ever t came for her save the doctor, and some times the woman from where she had once lodged, but the nurse, in kindly q sympathy, hald placed a bowl of fresh c 'daffodils where her tired eyes could see f them on awakening. The doctor gave no a hope of the patient's recovery, and so, t with womanly pity, she tried - to make the girl's last days as happy as possible. Before the afternoon was half over, a S gentleman called, and asked to see No. 1: 205\. "She is not expected to live," said I the nurse, studying the white, anxious a face before her, "Are you a friend? She a has no relatives. I think." "Yes-a friend. " That Is, I knew her years ago," he said; hesitatingly. I'Per .1 haps you had better break, it- to her flrst: it might startle her." . As the nurse went back.the girl opened ( "her great brown eyes. her ears catight the sound of:merry laughter".-and -her I gaze wandered :to tile' daffodils: "a longing look crept into her eyes. "Who brought me the flowers, nurse?" she I asked in a kind of breathless wonder., and it sudden idea took possession of the 1 -nurse.-, "A gentleman; a .friend who -knew-you years ago," she replied. .A deep flush dyed the girl's white cheeks. I "Is he here?" she said eagerly, and tihe white, wisted hands opened and closied convulsively. S"Yes, dear, and if you'll promise not to excite yourself you shall see him for a few minutes." said the nurse, soothing ly,, and forthwith ushered in the visi tor. With a stifled cry he fell on'his knees by- the bed. "Damaris!" he said, and the girl touched his rough curls. "You have come back," she whispered, with half incredulous Joy. The nurse dropped the curtain and left them together. "I knew you would come when I saw' th~e daffodils," she went bn;, awith a tre mor of eagerness. 'Don't ;ou remem ber, dlear, how' we met in the:time of daffollis, aitll'ho?i happy o i'e were?"' .'Helftook the little trembling .habids .and kissed theimn - passlonately.. "You didn't.receive my letter*thatI wrote six ,yeais ago. asking you to marry me" ind1 selllng how I haid deceited you, . he S'"Did yoh deceive me?: It doesn't mat ter," she smiled; "nothing matters now you have come back to me." - He kissed the small white face. "You .will get better, Damaris," he-pleaded, '"for my sake, sweetheart, though God -niows I don't deserv'e it." ,.She took his face in her two hands. ".How' could-I dle. and: leave you all alone?" she adked pathetlcally. - - Thus after siany years they took up the. severed thread of their- Hives, and loive, "who will not be denied," smoth ed out the tangle, and wore int its stead his golden mesh.--"Buffalo News." 