OUR SERIAL STORY; THE BOG OF THE ^B!Dâ.CKW BIRD " SCHOONER. I By E. W. YOUNO and P. H. A. WHITCOMBE. ' j [AIL EIGHTS EEBBEVEP.T ' i LWEWTEK FOB THE WESTERN OHÀPTEB XXXV. The spoils and dead bodies .were placed in a. heap in tbe square and fuarded by tbose who bad been left ehind. The tired warriors were led iii triumph by little groups of their vela tires, «and provided with food at their homes. After supper all the people were called together hy sound of the tribal dram ; old Simb'oona on this occasion rattling one of the enemy's spears instead of one of his own. As they nocked into the square be took his place and motioned to nie to sit beside him and then ad» dressed the assemblage. He told of tbe exploits of yester morn : . how the man bush bad been utterly routed so that many yams (years) would be gathered ya: -befjW they c. would 'again - .become powerful. He >recounfced the deeds .'ot the returned >e^olled m^am^'and .Wie shootipjg rfr'Níímaúóko» ,/Thè. vHlâgere showed. their ; approval of my actions with proud looks' and loud shouts of " Frangí " as they turned their eyes in my direction1-while I experienced a sensation of pleasure at the honour they paid- me, notwithstanding a certain feeling deep down in my breast that was akin to shame and disgust. The old chief continued in a quieter tone recording-'tbe names of the un- returned dead, how they had fallen in battle and would thenceforth be the special charge of the gods of their tribe. There was a pause in the old man's voice The meeting place was hushed in ex- pectancy of what he would next say. He said nothing more, but with a wave of his hand dismissed everyone to his home. Som Som came and asked me about the trip to the mountains and if I liked shooting at the wicked Manbush who killed her only brother, and I told her "yes," not caring to say that had I not done what was meritorious in the eyes of her countrymen I Would soon haye been killed. For . the sake of Grace lanes worth I had preserved ray life ; ; and for ihe'sske of my ownJife I had slain those I had been brought'out -to kill. It was SPjBCibuSTBaSOSÎBjg, "frill do much when his exretanee is ai stake- .1 knew well had the issue of 4he hattie which I had been forcednnto gone the other way, my life . would not have been worth much. : All the men went to rest early that night. They bad enjoyed but little sleep since they set out on the expedition. The women remained awake singing the, low wailing song that is customary to sing for the departed. As the plaintive melody welled up and found expression in grieving Bobs, I woke wondering where I was and what was the* matter ; and then dozed off from fatigue, only to be awaked again by the moaning cries of mothers, Bisters and daughters, giving voice to their bereavement. Had the missing ones been strangers they mighty have looked upon the battle as an honour for their tribe, but even the women who mate with cannibals and bear man-eating. Bone feel sorrow when bereavement visits them. A slight rain ushered in the dawn with tears. A wind sprang up at sun lise and dried the sky. The sun lit up the heavens with gladness, and light fleecy clouds veiled its face for a moment, and then sped away from the sight which the sun looted down upon. > - : .The-ring, of the axe resounded over the valley. Men collectedSvood for the heating of the native ovens. The dead, were brought forth. Those Of the tribe who bad died since their return, were buried quietly by the morning light. The bodies of the foe were got ready for cooking. For to-day was the day of the cannibal feast. Lowali, a mere child, the youngest of the handmaidens of Som Som, brought a basket of ripe fruit to my hut, and said that Som Som had asked her to Bee if Frangi was tired and she would send we my kai k«i. I felt tired and took to the . notion and turned over to sleep again. I was awakened by a light footfall and a soft voice saying, " Kai kai, Frangi." The fruit was grateful to the palate, and I ate of the mangoes and custard apples, and uncovered the banana leaf wrapping, around the roast pork and yams. The sun was streaming through the opening of my hut and I rose to adjust the hang- ing mat. In my awkwardness I pulled it down, exposing a full view of the square. ' There was a noise of voices aud many. exclamations of jollity. They were disjointing the limbs of the dead. . .- . ; I sickened and walked to the beach: arid stayed there till the sun sank -in a blood-red bank of clouds. was .dbi Ireepin^witli íbe' butóheiry nt theTÎllage. Som Som came along-on her . way home from . thé reefs where she had been gathering shell ' fish and I walked home with her. She spoke to me on different Occasions pointing out ob jects by the way -, but I ' had little to say in reply, and she pouted at my indifference, and ran away from me as we neared the village. I continued my walk to the clearing alone. On en- tering the square I had to pick my way through tbe number of natives assembled there. When I passed through the fringe of women on the outskirts'I wished myself - back on the beach. - - ; A glowisg' heat deemed tor be rising lout of dbe earlham "tba middle of i the. square; all'-round 'was 5n comparative dariraees'; there were'no. fires visible at this time. ? All the'-vSres ¿ad been drawn many hours before froojt-the "stone-lined ovens 6unfc irt îhe'ground. Once the evens were'.-'heated-the embers were raked out) the. bleat placed within them, the mouth of the oven closed and fresh sods placed over it, so as to retain the I heat and jealously guard the savory I steam. There were, some superstitious rites attached to the proper cooking of a foe, and the old men of the village were eligible" for th ?? ottioe of properly carry- ing - them out. It waß part of-their traditionary lore that no fireB should be lighted during the baking of a» enemy lest his1 evil spirit should see to escape and torment his devourers. Hence one good reason why only the said old men should perform the cooking. There was another perhaps, which had much to do with their selection ; their greater exper ience had taught them when the meat would be browned to a nicely and done to a turn. They were in fact the best jculïnary. artists- obtainable;; I dwell oh Ihese'rei-olSng .détails, because I was eö igréatly i inpressed by thèni s at the fiine,: ^4'^tÍ8?^\\-|^f«Qn'.'ii9V everyone-.-tar he a' wítnessóf what: I. sîtw.. .; The sun had gone down and the day- light rapidly followed it'below the ocean. The blue-grey pall of the sky waB faintly illumined by the southern constella- tions shedding sufficient light to show the dark shadowy forms of the encircl- ing bystanders. By the glow from the ovens already alluded to could be made our bent spectral figures, hovering with all the impediments, of old age round about the glimmering reflections of the cooking place." Jffow. and again they would" wag thfeir heads together. and gesticulate 'with ' crabbed movements of their arms and come io an agreement of . some sort to pull out a square plug of j earth from añ oren to test the condition of the contente. " Theft a>whîff °f «team i would rise through.-the aperture, and j they would place their widened old faces as near to the scalding ,óflpur as they dared and pronounced on the state of the cooking. At some of the ovens they would be unanimous ; at others they would hold to their individual opinions and . argúe^í^d^ ! tyairj over the matter, Bhoflîîôgj.^ftbd^^ni oven to oven, until, k^i^'-^^^^^n^tma^^ their obstíniacy^éy.'wpQlda tb. the. meat ' being*' ^ôÙç~thése>îl^Â spectral oíd.wizard»ióf^ /' Presently there waa a stir , amongst them j they bia^roóme to #1 ...agreement amongst themselves oa aU points. ' The meat was cooked; the me)i Tvere 'done* and ready for- serving up.'. Thenns if. ministered io by so many attendant sprites, torches were dipped into the flame of a suddenly uncovered fire and the old men, in the chatre'of a blazing circle ol-light; .proceeded' to open the oven doors. :. The smell of the baked meat in such quantities, twenty of the enemy having been reserved from the butchering of the occasion ; the odour of roasting human flesh; the hissing and spluttering and grizzling sounds from the steaming ovens, drove me away with a feeling sick at heart, and I broke the spell of the bombie fascination which had chained me to the spot and retreated under cover of the general excitement to my hut. Inside the heat was great, and I was fain to seek refuge in the open, where I Bat under a matta tree growing near to my door. The beat of a drum throbbed upon the pulsating air, the moving of many people to take up fresh places -whereon to seat themselves could -be beard like* « subdued Irazzînff ;< there was a great sigh- of expectancy and the. old men. cooks .'deposited the steaming HmbB in bark platters upon the ground, '-and to.my everlasting "horror, I ber came conscious of their emitting a savoury odour. A conch shell sounded ; green wood was piled on the uncovered fires, and as the dense columns of smoke ascended to. the clouds, the tom toms rolled forth victorious pagans, as from an unseen orchestra, continuing their quick roll til} long af ter the fires blazed clear and disclosed a phantom uvui y of paint be- daubed warriors ,dancing round the seething food.. Then the toni toms ceased ; the song ended ; the fires were smothered in wet green leaves: which allowed only an occasional flame to flicker up ; the old men players put aside their tom toms and breathed through the bamboo flutes a weird melancholy air; and a number of natives flitted into the square," their bodies whitened with coral lime. Noiselessly they glided through the mazy figure cf .the spirit dance for the souls of their comrades who fell in the Manbush fight. Silent «s befitted the state of the dead they, trod; -their -ta memoriam measure. - ? Only .: the. .reed music playedpiaintively-in a nriuor ikey êxcept'Vrnen ammèpenetrating tlie damp . smoke wreathe -changed' the whitened bodies to à Pitier hue'áád' the'pip ing; sound gie» into h. läng wail find the darker shadows.gave increased emphasis to their simulated anguish. This was followed by a fighting formula intended to depict the deeds of those who had died in the fight. Shad* ing then-eyes UB though the sun were shining j standing momentarily peering for the Bight of the enemy ; dodging spears ; leaping up in the air\so lightly .that not even the sound of their feet could be heard as they retouched the ground, they moved in a circle round ; "the baked human flesh,,intoning MI« ieerWairg<^r-Th^ other, .their ghost- like, figures jamed in op íposjte directíons^yitJí.npiwsed whitened . anus, and so objitinued until they had fijjlched their soîîg f^.fche dead, when they formed a small--square und dis- appeared as the fire burnt lo x in the 'midst of their mystic dance. The fires were replenished with dry wood. The tom tonis rolled again with the sound of the war drum, and the clapping of hands and the warriors chanted loudly another man-eating song; nodding their gaily adorned long feather head-dresses towards the scene of the coming featsfc '; dancing rotmd with the some"horrible demoniacal faces ; and brandishing their arms, as if fighting the battle over again. As they moved with contorted gestures, keeping time with the leaping of the flames ; viewing with greedy eyes the while the meat which enuiaddenèd their nostrils, they might have been taken for ogres from some shadow-haunted gorge of thé hight. But they were Auialook, Yámivala, Aralaki and their companions who had followed them in the face of death, and fought bravely in the for« -front pf the jfighfc. They .wie«fc--conBcio^^ shown valour in. the Iwttle ol two days. %éfnréF:ju.nd'-this üa&a;^^lfanútiifíit^ the'part- they had "beep IcaUed'u^pn ta* ' play ; part of their duty 'was to'^fight for their tribe,, and.part of it consisted in slaying the enemy* -who would slay, them, and in eating them afterwards, that they might become heirs of their courage. . At a word from some unknown .choir- master,' the dancing ceased and they j sang a soug purporting, to set forth the relative values of island food. -The con- cluding verse asnear as I can remember the words as interpreted by Kanow was as follows : " Kai kai taro ; kai kai yam - Km kai piggy pig ; kai kai man !" The song ended, the singers with a deepening whoop, pounced like famished wolves upon the meat ; tove off great pieces with .their hands ; squatted on the ground and with ravenous gibes,, bit deep inte the roasted flesh, swallow- ing with loud gulps of satisfied hatred ; gorging as though they could not get enough into their mouths at one time. I was rooted to my seat, much as I. loathed the sickening spectacle of these hideous untamed Bavages, .-revelling iii : jtbeir gruesome repast. - lt .was np sight : for'a-^phife^an; "I" ought.to havegone^ away long before'and I wonldgo away"' nöw, end stay no" longer within the: radius of this soul- nunibing ' influence, X attempted to rise, hut trembled in : every limb like one seized with an ague., I remained in my seat, unable as ina nightmare to get up and walk away. Before me stood Simboona with the. half-eaten arm of a man in his, left hand. Hie right hand was extended towards me and it held in its palmas an offering of honoured friendship and good will the heart of a human being. " T,ike it and eat it, my son; for it is the heart of the chief Namonoko-you it was who slew him in brave fight and to you. as my successor belongs of right also the privilege to eat the heart of Nainanoko dead, and acquire the courage and skill he possessed when living." I stared at him in blank amazement and dismay as he stood before me, the juice of the flesh running down the sides of his mouth, awaiting my acceptance of the much covetedprize. I summoned courage with'a desperate effort of my almost paralysed brain, and sternly re- fused. The old fellow gazed upon me with eyes dopunated mow b^. astoïùshment . than ân'gèr^iuad repeated' fais ôffer iii a more .patróñíéins: töne, Ferhaps he ^ thought, the- proffered honour had been unexpected. He pressed the guerdon - upon me. It was my due-the reward of valour. "Here take it," beseemed to say-and he was growing hungry for moite. ? 1 told him it was against my religion to do so, and contrary to the custom of my country. He appeared disappointed,. because it would have endowed me with additional strength in war; and by eating the heart of Namonoko, I would have assimilated in my system all the warlike qualities of its possessor. And with my aid he could have conquered the whole island. Seeing me determined in my refusal he ate it himself. But a man's heart is but a small- morsel for one who ia hungry, and he hurried back' to the feasting place, biting another mouthful off the arm as he turned away. (2'o be continued.) 