RELIGIOUS. The xatman Uisnon.— On Saturday afternoon Mr. Yatman co-operated with the leaden of tbe Christian Endeavour Convention, and conducted a brief cvan selistic service for the vountr neonta. who assemoied in Hundreds in the Exhibition Building to participate in the fidd day of the Junior Endeavour Societies. In the evening the Victoria Hall waa filled to iU utmost capacity to hear Mr. Yatmauiell the story of 'his preaching to the banished lepers of Hawaii and the Kaffirs of the South Africau diamond field*. The speaker's description of the leper colony of the Sandwich Islands was as pathetic as it was awesome, whilst the recital of his experience* in South Africa was marked by much that was humorous as well as in teresting and instructive. On Sunday the evangelist, whose versatility is co- ordinate with his lndefaiigabUUy, delivered no fewer than five different addreases. In tbe morn ing he spoke with much earnestness on 'Sin and iU Consequences' in the Pirie street Wesleyan. Church, and impressed upon his hearers the fact that each one would have to give an account of the deeds done in the body. At 2 o'clock in the after noon an immense crowd of women and girls gathered in the Exhibition Building, and Mr. Yatman conducted a service ar ranged for their special benefit Mr. J. J. Virgo sang with taste and expression One tnere is who loves thee.' Mr. Yatman took for his text 'Remember Lot's Wife.' He traced the downward steps taken by Lot, and showed how the influence of bis wife might have materially altered the course of the events in his life. By the example of this woman of old he preached a powerful sermon upon the hardening effects that familiarity with evil inevitably produced. He urged ois readers to be grace ful and not gracdew, and thus fulfil tbe highest purpose of their existence, and make their influence powerful for good. At 3 o'clock a service for men onlv was held, and the evangelist was equally powerful in hi* exhortations. His text was Hosca viii. 7— 'For they have sown Uie wind and they shall reap the whirlwind.' Sow ing and reaping, he asserted, were lawH of human life, both in regard to communities and individual*. The harvest of the civic life was reaped in this world, and instanc ed the destruction of Nineveh, Babylon, and the Persian and the Koman Empire* which had been swept from the face o the earth because of the seeds of evil that had been sown by them. He then went on to 'Peak of the individuals who sowed seeds of evil taken from five bins— Uie bins of drink, swearing, impurity, infidelity, and neglect, the sowing of which would re sult in a harvest of corruption. He ex horted them to refrain from sowing these wild oats, and in scatter abroad the good seed of faith ra Jernw Christ An ounce of faith, he said, was worth a whole world of unbelief. In the evening another immense gathering greeted the preacher in the Theatre Royal. The choir rendered several itemx, and Mr. J. J. Virgo sans 'While we pray and while we plead.' The subject of the address was 'The Unpardonable Sin.' By the graphic description of the total wreck of the stea mer Portland, whose captain, in spite of warnings of an impending storm, would set out to ftca, Mr. Yatman impressed upon the audience the folly of neploctine Divine admonition*, and said that the wilful con tinual rejection *f the strivings of the Holy Ghost constituted that blasphemy bv life which liad no forgiveness. The address ma 'most imprcflsive. Stibaffiutnt to the above service Mr. Yatman conducted yet another meeting in Uie Exhibition Build ing, which was crowded with a congrega tion of over 4.000'pcr#»n«. Mr. J. J. Virgo sans the racred solo 'Eternity.' The prea cher took for bi« t«ct Job sir. 14— 'If a man .die. rfiall he live again V hi* totric being— 'What comes after death?' By means of a large dmrt the subject was forcibly illustrated. Having spoken of the uncertainty of life and the reality of eterni tv. Mr. Yatman raid that all passed from me point of birth to the age of accounta bility, and had to make a choice of two paths, each of which led through the door way of death to an eternal destiny. With pleading tones he appealed to his eongre nation to make choice of the better course. An overflow meeting, which was held in Chalmers Church, wa* attended by several hand ml« of people. The Rev. E. H. Ellis and W. Lockhart Morton were the snea kers. — To-day Mr. Yatown will deliver hi3 farewell addresses in Adelaide, «peak ins in lite afternoon in the Victoria Hall to ministers md others upon 'Prevailing Prayer.' and in tbe evening in the Exhibi tion Bufldii»«c urym 'Heaven — the City Foursquare.' Afterwards the evangelist will meet the converts of the mission. He will leave for Broken Ilill on Tuesday, and speak at Petersburg en route. Parksidc Primitive Methodist Church.— At the Quarterly Meeting the Rev. A. J. Burt accented a unanimous invitation to continue his superiotcudence of the Circuit i fourth year, subject -to tiie necessities of Methodist MTOwi. Methodist Notes.— A Methodist writes: -The United Medwdist Free Churches Assembly, which recently met at Sheffield, reported an increase of 701 members. The Relief Fund, aided by the Loan Fund, had led to such reduc tions of debt that nearly £6,000 was saved yearly in interest paid on borrowed money. l%e sum of £3S,Sa6 had been spent iu en largemettts, improvements, &c;, and £'21,450 raised towards the amount Debts had also been reduced -nearly £30,000.— The change in the order of sessions at the British Wes htyan Conference, after being vigoroiuly dis cussed for many years, was adopted with practical unanimity at the pastoral and re presentative sessions of the late Conference, and the co-operation of the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, HA.., and Dr. Rig* in the Mitle ment recalled the groundless alarm which oocs auevteu a oau ot fjurope oecausc astrologer* reported that Mars and Jupiter were in conjunction.— During tbe Confe rence a remarkable and crowded meeting was held in St. James'* Hall, when nearly twenty French cx-priesu were cordially welcomed. All these gentlemen bad been priests in the Cburch of Kome. Many of them were now labouring as Protestant pas tors, and others were being trained for like work. One of the number, M. Bourricr, edited a religious newspaper, 'Le Chretien Francais,' which waa read by 1,500 Roman Catholic priesu. The Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, M.A., ex-Prcsidcnt of the Confe rence, said the kail had never witnessed a more reinarku-ble scene. The meeting wan one of -the utofrt significant that had been held in the Protestant Church for three hundred year*. Aa appeal was made for £250 to enable M. Bourrier to make his monthly paper into a weekly, and the sum was immediately raised.— Mr. K. W. Perks, M.P., author oi tbe ml'lion-cuioca scheme, said that 71S of the 909 Superintendent Ministers had written to him expressing their approval of the fund. Only 75,000 per sons had contributed to tiie last Connexion si effort. Half «t million subscribed the 700,000 guintas obtained, for the present rbeme, and there wus a bright prospect of che whole sum aimed at being realised.— A deputatioa£romiheMctronolitaBFederatiop of the Free Oburehes attended the Confe rence. It was led by the Revs. Dr. Me Ewon, Dr. CKflbrd, end Dr. Parkcc, who delivered characteristic speeches, which were responded to by the President, tho Rev. W. L. Wcttldnson, and Mr. Tanner.— In the joint open session tiie Revs. Dr. Scl lors, of Sydney, and Dr. Fitcfcett, of Mel bourne, gave addresses. The former upoke effectively of the great work which Motbo difm did in Mew South Wales. The latter delivered a starring address, which consider ably moved the audience. Referring to McthodUt union, he said in Australia they would soon have one policy, ono work, ono brotherhood. If they failed the Ensli^li McthodiaU would have warning. H they succeeded— and they would succeed— then Brituh Mctiodism would have tut example and an encouragement— The Itev. J. E. Carrudiers, an ex- Premdeat ol' the New . South Wales Conference, thus concludes an article in tho 'Daily Telegraph,' Sydney:— ''The eyes of more than the Methodist world are upon us in Now South Wales iu this matter (Methodist union). The ques tion of Melbodwt reunion is looming large and clear upon the religions horizon in Bug land. Some of the leading men in the Church life of the old country are looking forward to k as one of the achievements tlut will nrwk the early years of tho twentieth century, and there is no question tltat a united Meihodisn the world over would present a sight that angels might re joice over, and a force that would hasten the speedy accomplishment of the timo when the kingdoms of the world shall lie come the kingdom of our God and of Hi* Christ.' Stow Memorial Church.— Tbe Rev. Dr. Poneby, of Marrickville, Sydney, preached in the Stow Memorial Church on Sunday morning on tho subject 'How to be sure that one is right in one's faith,' from the words 'Neil her circumcision availeth any thing nor uncircumctstoa, bo* faith, which workctii by love' He accentuated the dis tinction between religion and theology, pointing out that it waa quite possible for a .?nan to live n thorough and wholesome Christian life while knowing very little about what was commonly known us theo logy. On the other hand a in«n might up hold a |xirtisaii creed which, nevertlielox, very slightly, if at all, affected his conduct in life, but Ktrongjy told upon the practical side of the ?Christian religion. The preacher emphasized tbe necessity ior more applied Chrisftianity. In the evening Dr. Poacby ad drciwed another large attendnure in .Stow Church, taking for his text 'It m a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation that Christ Jesus came into the world to savo sinners.' lie spoke of the test ax levelling - man down, a view with which he won strongly in sympathy. His text showed how jxxwiblp it was for nun to realize the higher aud better life in Christ Jcsu*. 