Gossip. When Orpheus started to Badea to find his lost love Eurydice, he had a terrible journey to make. Hades was the land of Shades, the under-world which was not as far down as Tartarus. You see the Greeks had two '.' under- worlds,' one a very bad place, and the other a middling bad place. But the subject is a com plicated one and we'd better not discuss it here. The place that Orpheus started for was nob exactly like our Hell, bub ib was a place of tormenb, where fellows had to work off their overdrafb, as it were. Orpheus was a sort of a god himself, and besides, he had the wonderful harp that his father Apollo had given to him, so the undertaking was not as fearful as it would have been to a mere mortal. Ib recalls whab Apuleius said, in his own defence, when speak ing before Maximus Claudius, the pro-consul of Africa, — ' For my part I have learned that in this especially, the gods surpass mankind, that they have to satisfy no necessities. Hence it is, that him among us who has the fewest possible necessities, I consider most strongly to resemble a god.' That i-s a saying thab has a moat remarkably wide application ! General Gordon knew the latitude and longitude of Hell, bub very few obher people do. We have no exact record of where Orpheus started on his way to Hades, but it must have been somewhere about Greece, for the ' known world ' in those days was very small. He played his sorrowful way along till he came to the dark, cold river, the Styx, where old Oharon was boatman. All the shades, or spooks, had to cross that river, but the old man only took those who hatl been properly buried, and who brought the ferry-money. Tho old plan was to pub the ferry- money — nnoboliu -under the tongue of the corpse, and then when the ghost came to the river of Intense Darkness (Styx) the fare was ready. If you got down to the river and hadn'b been properly buried and provided for, the old man wouldn't take you across, and so you had to go humbugging about the earth, a wandering, restless ghost, until, — well I'm nob sure ; but that's the way ghosts first came in fashion. Mind you, it's very probable that ghosts exisbed before the religion of Charon, and thab theory only accounted for an existing evil ; still, we needn't worry about ib. When Orpheus came along old Charon refused bo ferry him over be cause, first, he wasn't properly dis embodied ; second, he had never been buried ; and, third and lasb, he hadn't broughb his fare. But Orpheus sat down and played to him, and that jusb broke the ferryman up. Never bad such music been heard before on the banks of the dark river. The very ripples on the river gargled with pleasure at the heavenly music, and the rocks and stones wept for joy, and the hard visage of the old ferryman relaxed and he said, ' Come aboard, son, and I'll take you across.' It's wonderful the intluenee music has on people. I remember once being in a little town on the Murrumbidgee with a few other decent bodies, and we were jusb going to bed, about 10 o'clock, when in marched a libble, dark, square-seb chap singing — 11 And wha the deovil hae we gottou for a King But a wee, wee German lairdie.' He wasn'b much of a singer, bub none of us gob bo bed thab nighb ! It's queer, isn'b ib? Old Charon ferried Orpheus across and then he started oS for Hades. It's an awful place ! There's a big dog ab the door named Cerberus, and he has three heads, and his necks are bristling with snakes, and he's a fearful sorb of a mastifl. His jaws dripped poison, and he had tho tail of a dragon. Hercules shifted Cerberus for a whilo, but that is a story by itself. When Orpheus reached the dog it looked as if thero was going to be trouble ; but oven the hellhound couldn't) rosisb the music, for ib jusb wagged its dragon-tail and lay down and leb tho sweet minstrel boy go marching iu. Ho saw the crowd bhab belong to tho phico — Tantalus and Sisyphus and Ixion and the Danaides— all busy with their eternal tortureB, and he saw Eurydice limping painfully across a mead of asphodel. He reached the seat of the greab Piuto, King of the nether world, who sab enthroned with his sweeb queen Proserpine in the Hall of State, to bhem he addressed his mournful song for pity and for help. So powerfully did Orpheus appeal to them that Proserpine herself joined her prayer to his to Pluto for the release of Eurydice. No man could stand j against such music or such influences, so the King of the Shadow Laud con senbed to the release of Eurydice, on one condition. Orpheus was willing to accept any conditions, so long as he gob his love back, and this condition was a very simple one. When he took Eurydice away from Hades he was not to look at her until they had regained the earth. Thab- was easy: but that's the kind of thing thab makes me tired of the inventors of gods. The gods make such silly con ditions ! They are childish ! Some body has said thab ' an honest god's the noblest work of man,' and I believe ib. There was no sense in a condition like that ! Orpheus started off with bis Eurydice for the upper world. He led the way, playing sucn glad songs on his harp that all Hell smiled at the melody. They reached the river, and the old man had to take them across it. They went upwards on the rough path that leads to earth, and at last thay saw tho gleam of the glad light of the sun that .smiles on man's green earth, and Orpheus raised a cry of delight. He did whab any other human loving man would have done, he cried, 'Come on, darling /'*V'cVcl he looked back to see if she was all right. Thab was enough for the gods ! He had looked ab her ! In that instant she was gone ! He fled after her, bub never more did he see his love on earth. Oharon refused to take him across again. There was no hope for him. He sat beside tho Styx and played for many days, bub all in' vain. Ab last he returned to earth, and wandered aimlessly about, waiting for the summons that comes to all to join his love in the Land, of Shades. The Thracian maidens, who celebrated the rites of Bacchus, saw him and loved him, bub he would have none of them. Then their love; — scorned — turned to hate, and they would fain have murdored him. They thing javelins ab him and stones, but the music of his harp was so sweeb thab stones and spears fell harmless ab his feob. But one day when they were specially wild in their orgies, they came across him. Their wild shrieks overpowered the sweeb music and he was smibton to earth. They rushed on him and tore him limb from limb and cast his body and his harp into the Hebrus River. As his harp floated along, ib played sweeb, sad music, and the river banks and the reeds caught the refrain, aud all the world sings the same gentle music when the sun is setting now. His father, Apollo, took bis harp and flung it into the sky, where the sign of the Lyre will shine forever, ? lt;«™ ftin nnA ewoofi Qf.nrv a r blighted love. The gods gathered up the mangled body and buried all ohtio was mortal of poor Orpheus at Mount Helicon, where the nightingales siug the sweetest even unto this day. 