Slender Clue. (Bj "Wanderer," in the 'Adelaide Obaerrer.') 'Hillol Billo] Wherefore theee undignified antloa, and this lapse into unparliamentary language f'1 oried Mr. Sbarpe, ae he entered my sitting room and found me danolng a fandango on the hearthrug, what lime I addressed enndry 'cursory' remarks to the universe at large. • I had so idea you poaseBssd snob an extensive vocabulary. Why, a Mle alslppi River pilot wouldn't have the ghost of a show with you, and, ao * oording to Mark Twain, they are the most fluent artiste in that dlreolion on earth, What's the matter, any how f" 'You would disoover a hitherto undreamed of fount of profanity in yourself,' I replied, nursing my right hand tenderly the while,' if you had juet squashed your flngsrastlatae the ( proverbial pancake. 1 went into my bedroom a minute ago for a handker- | chief, and in cioeingtbe door I jammed | my finger. I hope the carpenter who made it may take a ' mesa maobiner/ < as Ike J1 Mo would eay. It moans something horrible, but I m enre X don't know how it's epelt I'm afraid the nail will come off. See, it's turning black already,' Mr, Sh&tpe; examined the injured i digit which I held up for bia inspec tion. 'I don't wonder at your little out burst now,' eaid he. 1 You'll have a bad finger if you don't get it eeen to at ODoe. Look a aa if the bone were crashed. No! Ab, then, you'll get off with the loee of the nail and a permanent enlargement of the first joint. Strange! It's the third finger, too. Ha, ba, bal It would be fanny iff • I don't aee anything fanny about it* I interrupted, with aome beat. It's nolbiog to laagbat I assure you.' i < Pardon me, my dear old chap,' ex claimed my friend. ' I waen't laugh ing at yoar injury, but at a thought j it suggested to me, Yoa know I' wouldn't make fun of yoa for the world, at least, not while you ere | suffering.' 'No, I don't think you would,' l| replied, somewhat mollified, ' bat thing like this ie apt to make one 1 short tempered. I shouldn't have | enepped you op eo quiokly.' ' Don't mention it, my boy,' re joined Sharps, • Come, let me drese j that bruise for you—I know where yoa keep your lint end things—end I then I'll tell you why I laughed juet | now.' Sharps Htaoandleand led the way] into my bedroom, where he proceeded 1 lodreeBtny finger with the skill of one who had learned the trade—1 beg my medical readers'pardon—tbo pro fession. ' There! I don't think it will pain j you very much now,' said my friend, when he had deftly eecured bis band-l ago. 1 You can get some ointment or | a cooling lotioo in the morning if it becomes much inflamed.' ' It fee!s splendid, thanks.' I re plied. ' Let's get back to the fire, and | theD you can unfold your tale.' When looking at your finger,' be gan Sbarpe, after we had made our aelveB comfortable, and tried the effect of a' lotion' somewhat different from that referred to above, ' I was irresis tably reminded ot a oase which gave me a vast deal of trouble, one of the of the chief actors in which had the third Soger of hia right hand die figured in the same way aa youra will | be. Wbeo the new nail grows, you'll aee it will be thick and round, and the top- of the finger altogether will be larger than before—what ie called a 'base ball finger' in America. Now that I eome to think of it you're not { at all unlike the man I am speaking of. W itb a full beard instead of that moustache, and a atone or two extra | weight, you might easily be mistaken for him. But don't be alarmed ; be'a uever likely to regain hia liberty, so'a there's little chance of your being picked up by some zealous officer, to answer for your double's misdeeds. • You may remember a certain club | which figured largely in a story I told i you aome time agof Ah, yes, of oourae. I recollect your publishing the yarn. Well, that club was the starting point of this affair also. As 1 told you, it was a very pleasant lounge. Cue met a lot of deoent fellows there, and if they were a bit wild, and gambled pretty heavily now and then, most of them had plenty money, and could afford to pay for their whistle. As the bedrooms were comfortable, and the restaurant open ' stall hours, many men took advantage of its accommodation, in fact, aome of [ them lived there altogether. 1 One night, or morning, I should say, I bad dropped in as usual to hear the latest news, when one of the waiter* called me aside, and said the Manager wished to see me at once in bis office, Wben I entered bis sanc tum, Mr. Bobs, as I shall call bin), jt.ibp to i' ct me with a smile, which was aooi: replaced by a worried ex pression, each as I bad tierer before seen on his genial countenance, '' Sorry to trouble you, 8bsrpe,' be began, 'but I'll really have to do something. The thing's going too far. But I'm talking in riddles. Let me explain. I've been worrying over the affair so much that I fancy evety one else hnows all about it.' 'Take your time, then,' I replied, ' and give me the points as clearly as possible. Somebody been getting at you, I suppose ?' '* Well, yes, in a way. Not in busi ness—the bouse was never doing better. This is a private matter. In point of fact, I've been robbe I thrice within tbe past month, and I can't for tbe life of me tbinb who bas done it. I've kept the thing quiet for the sake of the henee. If it got about that tbieves made tbe place a stamping groond, it wonld just about ruin us.' ' * Yes, eaid T, * men would not care to stay in tbe house where such things went on, especially men like your patrons, who often hare a good deal of cash about them. Tell me tbe j particulars.' *' You know, proceeded Boss, * that it ia my custom to lie down for an bonr or two in tbe afternoon, no as to be fresh for night work, Wben I go upstairs I always take tbe cash with me, barring tbe change which is re quired iu tbe saloon. Sometimes I count it; but, if very tired, I do not do ao. Before I lie down I invariably place tbe cash in one of the drawers of my wardrobe, and lock my bed. room door. This bas been my con stent practice ever since I came here —for some four years tbat is to eay— and up till a month ago I never lost a shilling. I've bad some tidy amounts in that drawer, too, at dif-1 ferent timcB. Wben we've been very busy, as at race time, I've had as much ae £800 there—a tempting! enough haul for a tbief—but it has I never been touched. Why not put it in the safe ? Well, you see tbe safe j is in rather an exposed position here ! in tbe outer office, and, as all our papers and account-books are kept in i it, I bave to leave it open for the con. venience of the clerk. When he goes off duty in the evening I always place tbe cash in the safe, because then I can lock it and keep tbe key. Now, for the first time I was robbed. " I bad Iain down as usual about 4 0 clock, after putting my cash away, and placing my watch on the table beside my bed. I am positive, too, tbat I locked the door. JoBt as I was dosing off I heard a alight sound as of some one trying the handle. Think irig that* tbe housemaid, perbapB, wanted to get in, I eung out,' Who's there P' There was no reply, nor did 1 bear any footsteps going away. Fancying my ears bad deceived me, I turned round and wont fast asleep. I am a very sound sleeper, so eound, indeed, that the boots sometimes has to pound on the door for two or three mioutes to wake me. This evening, however, the dinner gong roused me, and I got up and lit tbe gas. My room is badly lighted, and one needs tbe gas there long before it is wanted elsewhere in the house. When I was ready to go downstairs I went to the drawer for my cash. You could have knocked me down with a feather when I found it bad vanished. I looked everywhere, tbinkiog I might bave mislaid it, but no—hot a copper could I find. My bedroom door was still locked; it was impossible to enter by the window without being aeon; where in thunder, then, could tbe money bave gone? My watch and chain—both of them gold, and worth £40 or £60—were untouched. 8ure!y no ordinary thief could with stand the temptation of 'collaring' them 1 Luckily the amount stolen *M not very large—£27 or £28. I'm not euro to a pound—and I could easily replace it out of my own Barings, but the manner in which the theft was committed, the locked door, my watch, etc, being left be hind, the inexplicable mystery of the , thing, in short, gave me quite a shock. I questioned the servants cautiously, but without result. No one had beeu seen on tbe landing on which my room is situated. Tbe ball-porter swore that no stranger whatever bad entered the house by tbe front door, and others were eqnally sore that none bad come in by tbe back or Bide entrances. It was uncanny, to say the least of it, but after a week had passed without my | missing any more cash, I determined to let the matter rest, and worry no more over it. '' Ten daye after tbe firet robbery the second took place, and in precisely tbe eame way. As it happened I bad brought only three or four pounds J upstairs, having paid away nearly all my cash in settlement of an account just before t left the office. Ire member smiling as I put the small sum in tbe drawer, and saying to myself that if my mysterious friend came along be would not have much of a haul. I'm blest if be didn't come! When I got up, about 7 o'clock, the drawer was empty! I flew to the door. Yes, jt was locked. I turned out all my pockets. No uae, only a few shillings of my own. My watch and chain still lay on the table where I had placed them. Was I mad ? Or wbb the house haunted F Again I questioned every one who had a chance of seeing the thief Same result as before. Not a soul had entered the building who could even remotely be euspected of euch an act. The servants ? No; they have all been here long euough to allow me to satisfy myself as to their honesty. There isn't one of our employes whom I wouldn't trust with a hundred times what I have loBt Besides, few of them could have any opportunity of getting near my room. The locked door, though, was the thing that beat me altogether. I am not a superstitious man, but frankly speaking, I began to think .there was Boms influence at work which admitted of no earthly eolutioD. I see you smile, but just consider for yourself. There was the money SBfe j and sound, the door locked, and the window inaccessible without a long ladder, which must be eeeu from the etreet, as well as any one mounting it. Two hours later the door is still locked, no one has attempted to get near tbe window, everything is ex actly as it was—but the mooey has disappeared I ' Pon my soul J" I am inclined to think there is some truth in that old myth of witch's money | changing into dead leaves, but in this J case there were not even any leaves I to be found.' | '' Have you ever heard of an in strument called a ' masterpiece,''' I asked. "An instrumentP No, I never have. I've heard the term applied to works of art, eto., but never to any partloular artiole,' " Well, there le euoh an instru ment, and a vary Ingenious inven tion it is. It takes the form of a pair of finely tempered ateel pliers, whloh^ when inserted in a keyhole from the outside, grip the end of the key, end turn it just aa easily as though the operator had hold of the handle, .It forms an indispensable part of the burglar's kit, and le aleo occasionally used by looksmlth'e. People imegine that leaving the key in the door after looking it ie an effieotuai protection, but to our friend the housebreaker, it ie rather to help than otherwise, He finds it m-M easier to nnlook the door with his maeterpieoe than to try perhaps a doren skeleton keys before he finds one that will fit.* «Hose eat for a moment in silenoe. then burst ont— <' That's what it was, then I That's j bow the key turned before my very ] eyes! Yon don't know bow re lieved I feel. 1 thought I mast be | going mad, but now I see bow simple it ws. No wonder yon stare; yon' think 1 am mad. Listen for a mo ment, and you will understand. « The third robbery took plaoe yes terday afternoon. The detaile were | erectly similar to what I have al ready told you, barring one -thing. The thief must have made a tre mendous noise somehow, for I woke j just as he wa9 leaving the room. That ie to esy, I turned round and eaw, or fancied I eaw, the door clos- ] ing, being drawn to gently by a hand, the fingers of which only were j visible. As I eprang from my bed I thought I eaw the key tarn, but I when I reached the door and found it [ securely locked, I put the whole vision down aa a figment of nnsasy ! ( brain. When I discovered, however, j that my cash bad again tBben wings, I knew it had been no dream. I at I onoe ruBbed out on to the landing, and ran towards the etaire. As passed Mr. Jones's room, which is J next to mine, 1 saw hie door was open, and heard someone inside, ! Are yon in, Mr. Joneaf I asked. Be came to the door, and I inquired j if he had seen or heard anyone come np or go downstairs. He said No; that no one could have passed hie door without bis beiDg aware of it, and that none of the servants even had been on the landing within the past hour. I tell you, Sharps, my brain began to torn. I could not sleep last sight for thinking of the extraordinary oircumatancee sur rounding this last theft,and to-night I have been waiting on the chance of seeing you. Had you not come in I was going to write you in the morn- j ing. Now, what do you think of it | all?' '' I think you have an exceedingly clever and daring housebreaker con cealed somewhere on the premises,' I answered. ' Did you notice anything peculiar about the hand you saw ?' j "N—o; hold on, though. There was something! Mind, I was half asleep and dazed at the time, so I can't awear to anything, but I am j almost sure the third finger seemed thicker at the point than the others. I don't know why I should have noticed this, but among the tangle in my bpad, that one impreBBion appears to stand out clearly, just as. a single object is photographed on the retina by a flash of lightning which, while illuminating a whole country aide, yet ehowB you only one distinctive land, mark.' 1' Has any other lodger been J ' touched P" I asked. " Not that I have heard of, and if such a thing occurred, I would be almoet certain to know. No, I am the sole victim. It's not the loss of tbe money I mind, so much as the horrible feeling of insecurity. A man who can disappear at will is no joke, ( I can tell you.' j 'I quite agree with poor Boss in that. He is a nervous little matt, and I could see he was much shaken by bis uncanny experience. For form's sake I went upstairs and examined the scene of the robberies. . "What about JoneBp' I asked, as we passed that gentleman's door. * He wouldn't play such a trick on - you tboughrwould hef ' Boss laughed. ' I'd as soou sue. pectyou,' said he. ' You know Jones yourself, and are aware that he could buy up most of the men who come here. Besides, he's agentleman—oh, pshaw 1 it's ridicalous to speak of him in connection with such an affair."' 'I was forced to admit tbe truth of this statement. Mr. Jones was out of the question. I knew enough of him to endorse what Boss said. as to his wealth, and, ao far as personal observation went, I accounted him a: real good fellow somewhat eccentric, but warm-hearted'and generous,' I rai certain be would sooner bare nade boss, or any one else, a present >F a thousand pounds tban have stolen t shilling. One of Jones's peculiar ties was that he always wore gloves. Even at dinner he donned a pair of shite bids, »Dd some wagB used to iwear that he had another pair to put in wheu be treat to bed. 1 did not koow his reason for this tbeD, but I do now. 1 Well, to make a long story short, I gave mv best energies to the solu tion of the puzzle, which wsb obvious ly makiDg-an old man of" Boss, but after a fortnight's solid hard work 1 had learned—just nothing! Every crook in the city had held up his hands for my inspection, but now here could 1 find that clubbed third finger. Then I suddenly came to my senses, and did what 1 ought to have done at first, although, as it happened t would not have succeeded any sooner th >n I did, no matter how I bad acted. I BTgued that, some time or other, the thief would make a fourth attempt on Boss's room, so I took up my quarters each afternoon in the one opposite, leaving the door elightly aj^r, so that I could see auyoue passing on the lauding. Three dsys I waited, and then my patience was rewarded. Boss, at my direction, was acting just as if nothing had happened, taking his siesta at the usual hour, and plac ing his cash in the drawer as before. ' On the fourth afternoon, soon alter I bad slipped into my hiding place, I-bew Boss enter bis room, and beard the bey turned in the look. Half an hour passed, aud I was grow ing impatient, when I heard a eoft ' footfall coming upstairs. I peeped through the crack of the door, my nerves tinkling with excitement, which changed to disgust when I saw who the new comer was. It was Mr. Jones, evidently bent on "having a snooze, too, for he entered hie room and closed the door. 1 must have grown careless and abstracted then, for I never noticed Jones's door opening, nor did I know that' that gentleman bad left his apart ment until I woke up with a start to see bitn standing outside Rosb's door, bis coat anl shoes off, and a wild, exalted look on bis face, whioh ohanged its expression alto gether. He bent down and placed hie ear to the key bole ; then a emile crept over Mb face. He doubtless heard Rose snoring, and knew all was safe. He then drew from his pocket a beautifully-made master piece, and shoved It gently into the key-bole. I rubbed my eyes, and pinched myself. Ycb ; I was awake; It wsb no hallucination, As my eye fell on Jo.nes'e right band, I started again. There was the thick finger that Rosa had mentioned. There could be no doubt now ae to who bad committed the previone thefts, but why on earth should a man like Jonee turn criminal P I knew all about him j knew that he had more money tban he could spend, and that he gave away In charity what would, eeenf a fair income to moBt men. However, I had no time then to analyse his motives. With the skill of a professional he opened Roes's door, and noiselessly slipped into the room. I followed on tip-toe, and juet ae he was in the not of taking a quantity of notes and gold from the wardrobe drawer I laid my hand on his shoulder. He seemed to stiffen suddenly at the touoh, and Mb heed turned elowly till hie eyee met mine. Then I understood. The man was med; absolutely and irredeemably insane. How he had managed to conceal his malady so long is a myetery to me, but when people are not looking for a thing it may be staring them in the fees all the time without their seeing It. •The scene which followed was one of the most painful it has aver been my lot to take part in. The poor fellow bad just sense enough left to know be bad disgraced bimsetf, with oat the etreDgth of mind to beer tip under detection. Finally! Boss and I agreed not to make the matter public, and that eame evening poor Jones was consigned to a living toinb, from which there is no possibility of his ever emerging. He is gradually getting worse instead of better, and the Asylum authorities hold ont no hope whatever of a change for the better. That was what your finger reminded me of, though, now I have fully recalled to mind the Bad .busi ness, I feel inclined to do anything but laugh.' 'No indeed,' I replied ; 'yourstory ib not at all conducive to mirth. I hope the parallel won't hold good in my case. 1, have no ambition to end my days in a lunatic asylum.' ' Don't be afraid, old chap,' an swered Sharpe, as he rose to .go} ' you're far too sensible and strong minded for that. It's odIj erratic people—such as geniuses, poets, inventors, etc., who go mad.' Perhaps it was meant as a com pliment, but-—!' 