L Ghostly Appearance at Auburn. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBOUR HOOD. Tho’ some sceptics may deny belief in visitants from another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies bard. Miss Marner, of “ Lamington,” Vic toria-roacl, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once seen something resembling a ghost—when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by many months’ illness. She says:— “ I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but ex perienced a continued languid fepling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of me disobeying this order, and I took the ‘‘ quinine tonic*' given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest.” “ We tried everything to induce sleep,” interposed Mr. Mariner, “ but without effect; then I consulted a well known Collins Street practi tioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morn ing ; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost.” “ This time last year,” said Miss Alice, “ ( weighed 7st 31b, now I am 9st 71ba.” “ A great improvement; yonr treat ment must have been beneficial ? ” “ No ] all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Wil liams’ Pink Pills for Pale People de serve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr Williams’ Pink Pills, ab Mr Pleasance’s, Chapel Street, Prahan ; they did me so much good that I con tinued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish.” “ And you would recommend them ? ” “ Yes; and that strongly, too,” said Mr Marner, “ had I known of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred poundB.” There are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets j if they act as this this young lady did. Dr Williams' Pink Pills will cure | anaemia, weak heat, sleeplessness, scrofula, consumption, chronic erysi pelas, debility, indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, and chest and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paralysis, locomotor ataxia, neuralgia, St Vitus’ dance, and nervous headache, and all nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr. Williams’ Medicine Com pany, c/o Rocke, Tompsitt & Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen and threepence, but are genuine only with the full name (seven words), Dr Wil liams’ Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box. Thousands have testified to their curative powers. This incident is said to have oc curred at Barnaul’s Show. A visitor persisted in- offering a bun to an elephant, and then pulling it away be fore the animal could reach it with his trunk. The elephant was very good tempered at first, but got more and more annoyed as the trick was re peated, and at last sulkily refused to take any more notice of his tormentor. About half an hour afterwards, when he was allowed to come out of his oage, he observed the man who had teased him standing near. In a moment the elephant whipped off the man’s straw hat. He held it in his trunk for some time, and then offered it to the man, hut always pulled it back just as he had done with the bun. After teasing him for a good while, the elephant held it out to him once more ; but on the man trying to catch it, the' animal quietly Bwallowed it, and left his tormentor standing bareheaded among the crowd, who laughed heartily at the way in which he was punished for his trick. Anthrax has been detected in a herd of 11 dairy daws ait Alphington 4. two animals being fatally affected. Both cows were buried 6 feet deep. Chloride of lime was plentifully used in the process of burial and every other means has been adopted that will tend to minimise the risk- of contagion, a strict surveillance being also exercised by the officials of the department to prevent the spread of the disease. 