, On the Edge of Doom CHAPTER XXVII. THE TRUTH T1IAT LIED ! It was all so black, so terribly obvious as lie looked at it, Cylmer thought long that night, in a weary circle that led baek to the same horror. The original of that photograph had been Mrs. Trelane, and if Abbotsford'a death lay at her door, Isroay had known it. That littlo cry of hers came back to him. ' I novor saw it boforo.' A lie, and a foolish ono. that lookiner back ?was damning. And Wray — sho could deceive him for a Ijriite like that ? And tlion thoro rushed ovor him the awful thought of the disgrace to como ; the wheels that he had set in motion that woro oven now out of his power to stop. Even in his dis enchantment, with that rnging pain at his heart that she was false who seemed so true, ho .was glad that that ono clue, that ono fatal bit of ovidonce, tho bluo green beetle, was in her hands. The detectives would nevor see it again ; Mrs. Trelane, warned in timo, would dosti'oy it and the bracelet ho was certain it had belonged to — and Ismay. ' Idmay can bo consoled by Mark P' Yet at tho thought his forehead was wot ! Ho would have givon his soul not to havo seen lier to-night, to havo gone on bolioving in hor j aB ho would never believe in any ono again. And yet it had all beon so simple ; if fate liad not played into tho spiteful hands of Oristiano lo Marehant, would havo beon another link to bind him to tho girl who for his sake was lighting with the world against hor. At eight o'clock Ismay had waked from a f long sloop ; wakod woary and languid in body, but with hor brain more quick and clear tlian ? it had beon for two clays. Sho was alone, and she lay for a littlo, thinking, remembering. What had mado hor so drowsy, so strange 1 all that day ? Had W ray, to koep her out of tho way, given hor anything ?' ' Thoro was only breakfast, ho couldn't ! Wo all had tlio same, oven my coffee Thomas poured out at tho sideboard. Besides lie doesn't suspoot mo at all, thanks to Thomas' vorsion of my midnight promenades.' She smiled to. herself. Had not Thomas met, ono night, hor faoo to faco, and had not Jossio told hor in deopost Bocrocy of how tho lady had walked, with tho vory bloodstain that was tho mark of hor crimes on her breast. That blood stain sho had mado in sowing hor ghost's gown, with lingers thot wero torn by Oylmor's roses. ' JosbIo.' Conviction flashed ovor her at tho woman's namo. Jesaio had put her early toa down outside , tho door this morning. Ismay was sloopy and too lazy to got up and lot tho woman in, 'I said to leave it, and I hoard hor go away, sho thought. ' When I took it in it wns cold, and I thought it wasn't nice hut I' drank it. Ho had plenty of timo to put any think in it. If ho passod and saw it thoro ho would not hesitate ono second. Evon if ho did not suspcot me, I am much too agilo a porsou to havo takon out on his businoss, and ho must havo boon dotorminod I should lmvo to stay at homo.' Ono moro scoro against him.' Her angor lent hor strength. Sho got out of bod nnd olothod herself in a warm dressing §own, utterly heodloss of tho doctor's orders. omething that was not. herself mado hor think of tlio sonrabaous and Marcus Wray. Oould sho havo in hor vory hands tho destruc tion of hor onoray, and not know it P Sho took it out of its hiding plaoo, and feaw ? tho flash of Oylmor's ring, whoro it lay beside it. Wlion Marous Wray was routed, she oould nut it on — sho turnod away that sho might not seo it, but tho sight of it had deepened hor lmtrod of tho man who stood botwoon hor and happiness, whom for hor mothor's salco, sho darod not dofy. A Btop outsido startled her. Sho had just timo to throw tho soarabaous into tho drawer and look it, whon hor mothor was in tho room. ' Her mothor in whito, in that very gown sho Bhould havo burned, long ago ! ' Why aro you up P You'll kill yourself P' Mi'B. Trolano said sharply. 'I'm all right. I couldn't stay in hod. Mothor, in hoavou's namo, why havo you got on tliatf ' sho pointed liko an accusing judgo at tho tawdry whito dross. ' Bocauno I was siok of looking liko a fright in blaok. It shows out ovoi'y lino in my faco. . Aud tlioro's no ono horo but Marcus,' ' Who is your worst onomy,' holpleHsly. | ' And it isn't dooont with Sir Gaspard nbt dond a month.' ' Oh, bofchor! I told Oristiano my black ono wn-fl torn,' lightly. ' ' But Ismay, aroyou Tonlly ' qtu'to woll P I wns torriflod about yoti ithifl morning I' . . , , , 'Torriflod I' Ismay throw baok hor hoad with lior old laugh of mookory. Sho know -ltifl.b woll tho .depth of that terror. A ihorriWo' sight, tho nwo of doath that Hob in till of us ; but if death had boon thoro hor mother would havo dried hor toars as useless, aging things ; forgotten hor daughtor as Boon AB tlio oitrth had closed ovor, hor, '.'If you nro going to bo so brutal I Bhall go awn,y,/ Mrs. Trolano said angrily, ' If you liavo no Toolings you might givo rao crodifc for eoino.' , A ? ' Don't go.' Ismay caught her drehs. ' Come into the sitting-room. Tell me about this morning — what happened, who carried me home ?' ' Mr Cylmer. Tell me, Itfmay,' with quiet curiosity, ' how well do you know him ? Ho looked like death when he carried you. And how did he happen to be there?' ' He just 'happened,' I suppose,' pro vokingly. ' And I don't suppose I was an engaging sight. What did Cristiane do?' ' Had hysterics, I think. I wasn't listen ing. I thought yon were dead ; bo did Marcus.' ' Yon didn't let him touch me ?' ? ' He went straight off for tho doctor. It was that man Cylmer who got you out of the water,' ' That man Cylmer !' The girl flushed with pride and joy. How she would thank him when sho saw him, with tho strong arm that had saved her close about her shoulders. ' Marcus wants to see you. That's why I came up,' Mrs. Trelane remarked. ' Do bo civil to him, Ismay, ho tried to help you.' ' Mo ? yes ?' enigmatically, and ber mother shivered with a suspicion of the girl's know ledge, that died on tho instant at her placid face, ' See me ?' Ismay amended. ' Very well, send him up. No, don't stay ! I'll bo civil, you needn't worry.' Her e£es alert, her cheek feverish, sho watched him come in. ' What do you want P' sho inquired calmly, as he hesitated on the threshold. ' To seo for ? myself that you're all right,' his cold sneering manner all gone, ' Ought you to be up ? But you look quite well, quite yourself.' ' I am quite myself. What made you think I shouldn't bo?' sho said, dryly. ' The shock, tho wotting,' ho hesitated. ' Neither the shock, nor tho wetting, havo affected mo,' sho assured him. Could she suspect anything about that tea ? ho gave her a searching glance with narrowed oyeB. But hor face was as openly hostile ns usual, with no underlying doubt. ' If you'ro going to stay, sit down,' sho yawned laughingly. ' You mako mo nervous fidgeting tliero by tho doov.' Ho drew a chair near to her sofa, and sho let hor oyes closo sleepily. Through thoir dark fringes they looked him all over soarch ingly. Evening clothes, a shirt and collar as immaculate as usual, a neat black tie, two pearl studs, rather flawed and too large. So he had a tasto for jewellery ! His hands, long, deceitful, cruel, lay on his knees. On oiio of thom was a diamond ring, ! too big for a man, too sparkling. 'His cuffs!' sho thought, with inspira tion. But they wero hidden under his black coat sleeve. One day sho had laughed at Oylmor's plain mothor of pearl cuff studs, and ho had said that there was nothing a man was so wedded to as a peculiar kind of cuff stud. ' If ho wears links, ho always wonra links, generally of tho sanio pattern. If ho wears studs, ho novor changes tho make.' Tho blood boat hard in her temples. That bluoy-green Egyptian beetle could well have boon half of a cuff link, florid, oxpen&ive;, odd, as woro those shirt studs of pearls and greenish gold. . ' Why are you so thoughtful, Ismay' ? Why will you go, on hating mo ?' Wray asked slowly. ' Don't you know it's no use P' There was a biting answer ou lier tongue but sho kept it back. Sho must sajr some thing— anything— that would mak^ him hold out his hand to hor with a sharp, hasty gosturo that would clear his shirt caff, links upward, from his sloovo. ' And if I did not hate you, what would you do for me ?' sho moved hor hand toward him as if by accident. Tho next instant ho had seized it, was holding it in a grasp that was loathsomely hot and strong. Words she did _ not listen to poured in a low whispor from his lips. lutont, her face alight with eagerness, sho was gazing at his wrist, moving hor hand till his lay palm upwardB undor liors, ' But if' sho oxpeotod to seo the scarabs, of whioh sho had ono, Bho was wrong. And yot hor heart leapod. For ho did wear links, not studs, and thoy woro showy and costly. 0 wis o£ pink coral sot round with sood pearls. As sho ganod, his low voice iu hor oai'B killed tho sound as Oristiano partod tho curtain. Wray, with his baok to tho door and off his guard, saw nothing, and Oylmor, out to tho hoart, had soon ouough. Oh, if sho had known, to fliug that loathed hand from hor liko a snako ! But Fato — liko Doath — strikes noiselossly, and from bohind, and chooses just tho nick of timo. If Oylmor had boon ono momont later ho would havo soon hor snatch her hand away ; wipo it with insolent oaro on her handoroliiof ; laugh, with uttor scorn in Marous Wray's furious faco ; as, hor aim attained, sho spoko out : ' You might givo mo tho wliolo oar fch, and I should lmte you,' sho oriod out with insano bravory., ' ' I hate death, bat I would dio boforo I marriod a man liko you. Dazed, taken aback, ho looked at hor. ' You can go,' sho said, Bmiling liko Oirpe, troaohorouB and moroilosB ; ' I'm dono with you.' In tho long motnont's pauso a door shut somewhere, aud sho could not know it was Miles going away. And Wray did not hoar it. His' hands trembled, his faco full of ovil, ho looked down at hor inBolont boauty. ' But I am not dono with you,' ho said vory low. (To bo continued.) , : ? 