FEDERATION. SPECIAL SESSION IN SYDNEY. ATTACKS ON THE PREMIER, THE ADDRESS IN REPLY CAR RIED IN THE ASSEMBLY. BY our special reporter. ; ,' SYDNEY, Wednesday. ' .Nothing has yet occurred to disturb Llie outlook of federation in New ..South "AYaies. It is assumed that, wben Mr. Jleid brings forward '"the ucw bill, with the amendments made by tlie Premiers' Conference, it will go tb rough without alteration, and that even the Legislative Council will riot dare to risk a corifiict with the popular Chiimber by malt ing any change in its provisions. Mr. Storey's nineriduient, a portloii of which provides for tlie establishment of a protective, tariff iu New. South AAT«les. before federation Is adopted, Is" not seriously regarded. If it came from some "lending member of the House,- the amendment might cause ombnr- rnssmeDt, but, .proceeding from a Sydney freo-trrider, and being mixed up with n pro posal for reducing the members of tlie locnl Parliament, it is merely ignored. That sec tion > of Now' South Wales which still con siders the nmendmc-nts proposed insufficient, and that the bill might be further -ariiendcd, Is somewhat wrathful' against the Ministry .for the sentericc in the Governor's speech declnriirg that the question is now, at last, narrowed down, to an issue between1 those Who really 'desired federal union and those who did not:. The "Dally Telegraph," commenting on this reference, says;: — This means that whoever is unwilling to make tlie sacrifices now demanded by Mr. Kcid, but who, nevertheless, professes to be in; favor of' federa- tion, is a political hypocrite. It is not so long since that Air. lleid, when strenuously protesting against those very sacrifices, was himself subjected to the same silly taunt, and most of his colleagues, and the vast majority of tho parly which supported .him at tlie general election, were in tlie same posi tion. ! It wus said on the 3rd -.Tunc that tlie issue then -was "between those who really desired federal union and those who did not." it wns said as far hack ns 1801, when tlie bill of tlie first convention was before the country, nnd said by persons who have since admitted it to have been an utterly unworkable and impossible measure. AVhcn a New South AYales politician becomes a federationist at any price, it is a curious tiling that lie finds himself at once convinced that ids price must be accepted, and that whoever objects' to it is a' disguised provincialist. According to this doc trine, the great hulk of the New South AVules people must liave been playing false with regard to federa tion for tho post eight years, and the most pro minent amongst tliein were some of 'the men 'who now -make that accusation against all who still itliink it possible to obtain a form of union fair to this colony and fair to the people of Australia. 'Tliatrtt more lihcrul constitution than tbe one now before Parliament would be accepted by the elec tors of "the other colonies is an assumption for which we ltnv'e to take the bare word of tho five men who sat with Air. Bcid ill lite Premiers' con ference. Tlie people have given us 110 ultimatum, and what they might or might not do is a pure matter . of opinion. . Yet; those who conscientiously believe tlint they ore liettcr federalists than their Premiers represent tliein -to lie, are stigmatised as necessarily trncliorous plotters against tlie cause of union. Irrespective of this bill's merits or demerits, that is a grossly improper piece ot party claptrap to put in the mouths of her Majesty's representa tive, and it wilt not conduce" to the dispassionate consideration of tho question, which it should be tlie sole aim of Government and Parliament to secure. ' Matters may. get a . little livelier when the Federal Bill is under discussion, but the de bate In tbe Asseriibly on the Address In Re ply hns, so far, beon-.tnine and colorless. Tho Government and the' Opposition nre uuited in tlio view that federation, ou the lines laid down at the rromiers' meeting, Avill prove 'acceptable to Now South AAJnles, and 'critl- feisni is therefore superseded. , The speeches have - mostly been iiiildt- Vegl-els that V the: i'jlrnddon blot" tyns-not'efaSodj-or timorous "doiibts about the capital, but no one has liad the courage to declare lilmseif against compromise, to tbe extent of saying that lie Intended to oppose tbe bill. A few support ers of the old. bill, 'who were returned as fcdcratiouists, and wbo sit with Mr. Burtou, fancy that they are helping the federal cause by taunting Ministers with inconsistency, and raking up speeches made prior to the first referendum, ,to show what they consider to be a change of front. One of tbis class Is Mr.. Price, "of Gloucester, who resumed the debate, this afternoon. Quite ignoring- the fact that Mr. Reid only demanded a bill more In accordance. .with the New South Wales sentiment, and having, got as much as be could,, wns satisfied to rcconimend It. to people, Mr. Price made the Premier a target for a lot of biustoring abuse about bis being a weather cock, and quoted, with approval, Sir Henry Farkcs's observation that "Mr. ,Rcld was a political cuckoo, who never lind inn idea of his own, but who laid his oggs in other men's nests." Cousideriug the Pre- , 'mjer's physical proportions; It would be diffi cult to find a nest to fit liim. Mr. Prico "sympathised Avlth those members ,who had followed, Mr. - Reid : in every , move, for they had -now been deserted. The- Premier was n political Pharisee, and ' bad he been one of the Apostles Judas, Isenriot would, not have lost bis character, because Mr. Reid would have sold thb whole crowd. In spite of his distrust ot; the present federal lender, however, the member for' Gloucester was going to stand by bim iu bis.. effort . to accomplish federa tion. \- Two.metubefs who hnd opposed the bill at the last election, followed, viz., Mr. Moore, of Bitignra, nud Mr. AYilks, of ,Bnl- inaiu Nortb. The former Indicated his ad- liepion to tlie amended proposals, and depre cated tbe Idle exhumation of the bones of :last year's controversy to "confront the -.healthy sentiment of tociay. A breezy, for cible speeeli was made by Mr.1 AVilks,. who pointed out the obvious improvements made in 'the bill, which Justified, he thought, any former opponents 111 supporting it uow. Al though. a free-trader, tlie niembor , -for Bal- 'inaln Nortb wns prepared to , sacrifice his: convictions in that respect for tho sake of. federation. Mr. Reid, he said, had admitted that the federal tariff would be a high one. and was tbe sacrifice that New South Wales would hnvo to innke for tlie federal cause. Mr. AA'ilks wns oue of tlie melancholy dozen .who voted for putting in tbe constitution 'that Sydney should be the sent "of the Go vernment. He saw that was impossible,. And they should now endeavor' to get the capital as nenr the inn-mile limit ns pos sible. Mr. Anderson, of Waterloo, who speaks with a rich Milesian brogue, welcomed fede ration, because It would get rid of tlio Bor- ;dei? duties. Would tho Premler.give an ris- suriiuce that those duties would be abolish ed t Turning round In his chair, and address ing,. the querist, Mr. Reid gravely said, i"The liou. member need, have no fear jon that point. At bis suggestion, I -shall ;bnve a clause inserted in the bill providing that the common tariff will come into force within two years after the adoption of feder ation." . Amid the uproarious laughterof .tho' Chamber, Mr. Anderson' Innocently, thanked tho Premier for his satisfactory ap- suranee, which lie was quite certain ; would help" Iii commending the bill to the people; The luimor of this llttle.scene lies Iri tho fact thai; such a clause lins always been in the bill.; Mr. Anderson said that lie bad "closely scanned' the measure, and there were several .points that ho would llke to see altered,' but, sooner tbnu wreck federation be would vote for the bill." ' Tie ultra-democratic members of - the noupe, who showed' the most opposition to 'the- 1s9s bill, accept the present, situation wlthtmarked reluctance, and only do' so" to the accompaniment of a plentiful mud spat tering of- Mr. Reid. Tho Labor party has been tlie. mainstay of tbe Premier ever since be tdpk office; but Mr. Hughes, who usually acts as the mouthpiece of that body, made a speeijh after tho refreshment hour Inst night wliick showed that Mr. Reid Is not trusted by hip most loyal supporters: Mr. Hughes disinterred tbe dead speeches of tbe Premier afler'be returned from the Melbourne con vention, and made exhaustive quotations from ipeeches in wblcb Mr. Reid bad vigor- 1 . qnsly condemned some points In .the hill thnt .had undergone no amendment. The reason for tlio change wns perfectly clear, sqld , the Premier. Now there must lie a high' tariff, although lie once said he would fight like a tiger against it. Ills change of, uilnd, snld Mr. Hughes, was due to the fact that lie reaiised thnt the Premier, of fede rated, Australia must be a Protectionist, nnd ho was preparing for the position to which he aspired. Mr. Barton could not he ac cused of Inconsistency. He had supported every Commonwealth Bill brought, forward. Mr.. Reid wns against two of tliein, because lie could gain nothing from tliein personally. The third was his owu bill, and as: all tbe credit for its ndoption would go to him, he supported It Wltli fervor. Sir Charles Dllke bad "effectively, summed up the Premier when lie said that .Mr. Iteid was tmwIUlug to forfeit bis present position ot power iu Now South' AA'nlcs until he sees nil equal .federal position within his grasp. .Mr. Huglies concluded. by snj'ing tlint lio.SvouId not! Interfere to prevent tbe bill going to the people; but it should be made, a condition that New. Soutli Wales'; would 'riot. join fede ration unless- Queensland' wns' a' pnrty Io tlie scbeuio. ... . - Tlint sturdy radical; Mr. Hiiynes, of AVel- iiugton, wbo was one of the'most violent' 'op ponents of tlie bill last year, would not with draw any of his former hostility. ' Ho con demned the bill ns falling to recognise, tho basic "principle of democracy— proportional representation— and us giving undue ' power to tlio 'States. He wanted- to- see provincial distinctions swept away, and 1 the people made paramount. He disliked tlie proposed federation; be cause tlio men In the, fore front' of the movement were Conservatives', who ; would destroy .'.'manhood suffrage. Some 'respect should bo paid to'tlic decision of Parliament, and when tlie 1)111 was before tlie House 'he would -move an amendment to the effect that the measure, ns It came from the Pre- ' micrs, should be put before the people, and also the- 'bill as it passed the- House. . ' Mr. Neild, of Pniidingtou, Taunted Mr. Reid with Imviug forsaken 'his free-trade princi ples nnd become one of the most pronounced protectionists in the country. ; During all the tirade against him 'the Pre mier discreetly held aloof from the .Glinm- ber. . One member , ; remarked thnt Mr. . Reid would have beeu an ex cellent 'statesman If lie- hnd been born dumb,' but tlint . the ghosts ot bis dead speeches always rose up to reprove him. The Premier evidently considered that tlie best way to lay these spectres was not to hear ot them, and he therefore spent the evening in retirement. Tho debate dragged along until'II.30 p.m. Mr. Story did not .demand n division oil liis amendment, -which was rejected oil the voices, nud the motion for the Address iu Reply wns adopted. The next step will bo for the Ministry to bring down a bill to rotor the amended con stitution to the electors. .There Avill bo no opportunity of challenging the amendments In dot'nll, but nil attempt iriiiy bo made to niter tlie specific points iri an Indireet man ner. The Government, of course, will resist every proposed improvement, and wltli the votes It enn command, nnd tlio, support ot Mr. Barton and the bulk of the Opposltiou, the bill will be enrried unaltered. 