LOVE ON THE FIRING LINE. It was while standing under the porch of the captain of port's office that Drow first caught a glimpse of that aggregation of pink witcheries. She was seated on a chair under tie forward awning of the , •beaMh officer* boat, just them £towly steam ing up the Paecig on her early mcrntag trip from Manfia Bay. ' " Another American wctnan—toy Jws !" muttered JSlrow under bis b.«attih. The first cammenK was a general one ; the second a mote of distinct admiration. She was clfcum ingly gowned in pVok ; that waa the first point •that EErow, with a weakness for feminine daintiness, noticed ; while on her bead was a fascinating b t of millinery, also pmk, that made tho wihole oobnplete and dangerous. 'Before he realised what lie was doing. IBlrow had sprat* across the nawow pia-vteg to the (river-wall just before tlhe girl, and belped her to stop aahore. not iheekUng the rather <blaok look from the health officer, who bad totemied to perform that service himself. " Thank you, doobor, for your kindness in bringing me aataore early," cooed the girl, . turning for ao instant to the young medical man, whose frown fostanCly vanished. "And thank jou, too," she added, wdlh a smile and a cfttght nod to Blrow. "Tou are an officer ?" . , " T«s ; and at your service, entirely." • "I am a stranger her*—just In* on the (Hongkong 'boat, co I must ask some ques • tions. Tou look good-natured," &be; added with a roguish smile. "Try me," begged Blrow, delighted with this opportunity to prolong the meeting.> The girl In pink looked him over quickly out keenly before opening her lips. She saw a tall, slim, well-built young man of twenty-five or six, becomingly browned by the tropical sun—a young man who looked exceedingly well in hl« well-kept khaki with the scarlet facings of the artillery. \Hls bearing and manner must have Im pressed her favourably,' for she said, with out further hesitation : "I am looking for the Nebraskas. I must get to the regiment this morning," went on the girl In pink, with a swift change to seriousness. Blrow looked slightly disconcerted. "D» you know where the Nebraskas a,re ?"' he asked. "Qow should I? No; I haven't the least Idea." "They are on the firing line." ? " There Is a battle going on, then ?" "No, but one Is rather expected to-* I *' The Nebraska* are supposed to be up some where on tne Qulnga-road. Before the day Us over they will be in a place made very sultry by bul—but, I beg your pardon, per haps you have friends in the regiment r" While speaking they had walked slowly across the road to the Port Office, and now stood facing each other under the porch. " I want to go out to see Lieutenant Mor rill, of the Nebraskas. lam his fiancee. U« will tell me where to go, or whom to stop with—until " Here she paused, flushing slightly for the first time, a flush that said as plainly as words could have done : " Until we are married." * "Tom Morriii. second lieutenant of the Nebraskas ? Why, I know him well," an swered Blrow, enthusiastically. •* A splen did fellow." " I am glad you like him." replied the girl in pink, and then looked at him in a way that brought Blrow to % realisation of bis remissness, and led him to Introduce himself by name, adding that he was a \- second lieutenant in the Third United States Artillery. A moment later he knew that the girl in pink was Miss Elslo Plympton, of Lincoln, Neb. " We are both army people, then " " But you belong to the regulars, while I am a volunteer girl." "So that you belong to a far superior race of warriors," rejoined Blrow, laughing. " Do you know that out here the volunteers rathor look down upon us poor regulars ?" Miss Plympton smiled, but nodded In a non- committal way, as if she declined to take sides, for the present. In that important controversy. "'Now, since you are one of Tom's friends," she went on, after « moment, " I am going to put you to some trouble. How can I best and most quickly roach the Ne braskas ?" " Why, the railroad will take you as for as Maiolos, wbcre Agulnaldo used to hold hiß congress. From there H is two or three miles to Qulnga." " Thank you. May I trouble you to get my ticket ?"—offering him her purse. " And how soon does the train go ?" "The-train goes, Miss Plympton, In fif teen minutes. But, as the road is held and operated by the military, for military pur poses, there is n"o such thing to be bad as a ticket^ You would need a pass, and, un fortunately, it is too late to get one for the morning train. There is no one nearer than the palace, over in the walled city, who has authority to grant one." Mlsa Plympton's eyes showed signs of mist directly. She looked as if she would cry In another moment, and Blrow never had been proof against woman's tears. " Are you sure there is no way ?" she asked, falteriagly. "You see," she added with a frankness that completely mastered tho young lieutenant of artillery, " I have been looking forward for we^ks to this meeting with Tom. It would be a fearful disappointment not to see him to-day." "Come wifh me. I'll take you on fhat train if I have to break all the regulations of the service," cried Blrow wfih sudden impulse, adding to himself : " Confound it, she's a woman who'll, never suffer through Htaok of making men do what she wants." He conducted her to fhe train, helping her into the ftrst-clasß car reserved for offi cers. In another instant a soldier belong ing to the train guard thrust his head In at the door, demanding : " Have you a pass, madam ?" " Yes ; get out," snapped Bltow, wfth a torusquerie quite foreign to his nature. A few other officers got in. Not one of them, young or old. but flailed to take * aurpristd look at the sweet, dainty beauty of EH row'a companion. Two, who knew him, bowed and Bald good morning ; but lElraw, with- a selfish detfgbt In his good luclc, ignored their mute appeals for a pre sentation. (As the train started, Blrow busied him «elf with** description of the flgfottng against the Inmirredtos frnun the opening of tha campaign, pointing out the 'burnod, districts df Binondo and Tondo, and leading from that to tho gradual advance upon and cap ture of Caloocfen, the- flrst station at which the train stopped. Past Oaloocan he branched oat into, a discourse on the ope rations which drove Aguinaldo out of Malo ban. "It was over 'there fhat our regiment served on -the 29th of March," said D.tow, pointing to a fringe of woodß m the train Beared the Tulihan River. - "The bridge that we are crossing now -was the bone of contention t'halt day. And here are the enemy's trendies—almost as thick and sub stantial as Gibraltar itself—with tiny loop holeß, as you see, for the 'insurrectos to fire- St us through." (He was more than flattered by the look of interest of the girl in pink, but came to earth again when she Inquired eagerly : " And Tom—l mean t/he Nebraska*—"were they In the n«ttt ?" -"Not in abifl part of tt," replied Rlrow evasively, and looked out of the window, wondering, half offended, why Miss Plymp ton could not drop, Tom out of her thoughts for an instant. From there onward there was one sight that never failed to Interest her. That was the frequent recurrence of small guard camps along the tracks. The guard con sisted, generally, of a company, or perhaps only a platoon, bat always encamped <n shelter tents reinforced by thatch roofs, and surrounded by a substantial earthwork. Birow explained that the railroad was the line of communication between Manila, as the base, and the troops at the front out on the north line It was imperative to guard the track from sudden depredations by the insurrectos; hence this guard, com- posed. in all, of thousands of men. Blrow was a good talker, and at his best now ; and the girl In pink proved to be a good listener, though she would insist upon breaking Into his battle descriptions with question* about the Nt*braskaa. Finally Blrow switched Into an account of his first meeting with Tom Morrill. Now he had struck the right coord. " Tou will know Tom -a quarter of a mile off," he laughed, " through an accident that happened the other night Tom happened to come in to Malolos, and took supper with our mess. Wo-chanced to have some claret that night-, the first we had tasted in weeks. Clarkspn, who is- always a good •deal of an idiot when there is any wine around, launched into a eulogy of our guest " "Is that why you call Mr. Clarkson an Idiot ?" questioned (Miss Plympjton, with swift Indignation. "By no means," Blrow hastened to as sure her. " But Clarkson, in the midst of his harangue, grabbed up an uncorked bottle of -wine, made a sweep with it, and literally rained claret upon Tom. There was, and is. a wide, red streak of it down his left sleeve. Tou could pick him out of fifty men at a good distance." After something more than two hours the train reached Malolos. " You can wait here in the station until I send my orderly out to the line," Blrow volunteered. " I will g«c you a chair." " Wait here r* retorted the girl in pink, quiokly. " I ab.aU do nothing of the sort. I am going on out to the Nebraskas." " But they are on the Hne," remonstrated TOttdW. "That's just where I'd like to be. too," rejoined Offtss Plympton, her ey« dancing at the novel prospect " Ob, do you think there'll be any ftghJtns; rthene, Mr. tOrow?" " Beyond a doufbt Uhetre will be." "Then I must start at onoe. I must hurry !" " What In *he world are you thinking oC. dfhw 'Plympton ?" protested (Biro*, aghsjß. " 'Hare you any idea wbat a Mln of bullets is like ? You might «et hit—fctl*£d." "If Tom can staatd 'It, why can't I ? It w I who sent ihkm there!" she rejoined, wtth airdb pride. " X I'm to be Tom's wife (' Oh, ludky TVxm !' thought Blrow) I've cot to chow myself made of just as gaol otuff as be la. So I'm cdlng to start now. Will you please «bow me the mad ? Of course, I won't trouble you too come with mci" " Now you're cruel," declared fflrow, wincing. "Of oouree I'M taike you out to Qumga, «s my regtanent happens 'to be rest- Ing idle now. Ibut I hope you appreciate my heroism, for if anyttting should happen to you, Tom Merrill wfll ehcot me on eight." Mlaa Ptympton acknowledged her Victory only by a grateful flash of her eyes, but under Hbelir hypnotic spCQ (Straw -would hay? dose anything she ordered. He excused himself tor an Instant, to get permission from Major KJd&be; to absent himself, then rcjotoed her. "Lei"us ©o down the road quickly," he begged, "(before some superior officer sees ua and ordem you <baok."< Shi&hled; from *he view of bis own supe rior officers fby the interposition or a high railroad "bank, tin© illeutenant led his pre cious charge qulokry to the moad. Tall, ■feathery bamboos, wlt<h bere and there a ■larger. ttokQter tree, shaded the road, wblle •the late morning tofeeze swept over them. They passed a few bxnuses at first, then -went into entirely wild surroundings. It was a beautiful stretch, of road, over wlrich Miss Kymipton grew properly appreciative, but lElrow now hardly enowered her. His ap prdtKinalive ear was listening tor the first sboto of the battle, wbtdh, bo ifeared, mi^ht open at any moment. They had gone more than two miles, and wore, aa El row knew, perilously near the front, when Miss Plympton turned to look at him with roguish raillery. " I thought you told me there was war going on out here," she cried, with play ful reproach. " Why, it's as lovely as pos sible, and there isn't a sound except the song of the birds." Crack ! A solitary gun discharged ahead. A bullet struck the dirt less than a dozen feet ahead of them. Two or three more sharp cracks, and the steel-coated projectile crackled through the bamboo on either tide of them. " It's on—confound It !" growled Elrow. " What r A real battle ?" exnlaimed the Sirl in pink. Her eyes were flashing with the novel excitement. " Real enough, I assure you. You " He was interrupted by a crash just ahead which .sounded as if a hundred packs of cannon crackers were exploding in the near by woods. As they 'halted In the road,' two or three- feet apart, a dozen bullets went Er-u-zz-sz-zz-n ! between them. " Oh, I wish I were a man !" cried the girl ir pink, clapping her hands. " I wish you were !" echoed Blrow, beartily. " Then I shouldn't fol so guilty. Come on !" Seizing one of her hands he raced down the road a few yardß with her, halting beside a thick mango tree. " Get behind that/" he ordered, breath lessly. " But I don't want to hide—l won't," came the indignant proteßt. "You must!" he retorted, seizing her gently, yet with force enough to push her squarely befhlnd the tre« In another twink- Hng he pulled off his khaki blouse, spread it on the ground, and went on, pleadingly : " Miss Plympton, oblige me by lying down flat on this. Get your head as close to the roots of the tree as you can. It*s your only hope of coming out of this alive !" " But I don't want to. It would bo cowardly to get down and grovel like that." "Do as I tell you," he commanded, tersely, but his authoritative tone roused' ft spirit of rebellion in her. Bhe shook her head calmly. Just then a passing bullet went through his campaign hat, carrying it off a dosen feet. Another bullet cut away a straggling lock of his curly hair, leaving a dull read mark across ' his brow. These two happenings changed her mood from defiant to suppliant. " Oh, Mr. Blrow, do get behind this tree yourself. You'll be killed." " Nothing can stand exposed long in this road and live," he answered grimly. " I'll protect myself after you've obeyed me." Without another protest Miss Plympton dropped down on the outspread blouse. " Now get your head in clcys among the roots," went on the artilleryman, approv ingly. No sooner had »he obeyed than B.'row crossed the road through a storm of bullets, crouched down behind a tree op posite, lighted a cigarette, and smoked con templatively. "There go our guns, answering the nig gers," he called out, a moment later as several neat volleys ripped out close at hand. "Now, Miss Plympton. you are undoubtedly listening to the work of the Nebraskas. No ; don't look up. You can't see anything in these dense woods, and the exposure of ar inch of your little head may result in a ball through the brain. Remember—Bhelter yourself for Tom's sake t" Then, listening to the sound of volleys anl firing at will, and the incessant %i-zi- zz-t% T of Mauser "balls down the road, they lost all trade of time, as one is apt "to In baittle. Not for eu instant "was the road, or any of the ground bordering either side of It, free from the pelting of litble steel-Jacketted mis siles of death and devastation. BHroW* face was white and drawn wkh apprehension for his charge, but he noted approvingly that the cheeks of the girl ©w>oslta him con tinued as pink as her confection of a gown. But suddenly she cried : " And Tom is out In all this ! Has to stand up, perhaps, and direct his men." •For the first time that day fcer face whitened. " It's all rlafht," Blrow called back, shout ing at the top of his voice, as more Ameri can volleys ripped out a little way ahead. " Sometimes a fellow can go "through a wot derful amount of this without being touched. And he's doing a man's duty." " Thank you," acknowledged Miss Plymp ton, gratefully. " Then you don't blame mo for telling him it •was his duty to come out 'here 'to tho Philippines ?" " ©lame you ?" echoed Blrow, again under the witchery of those appealing eyes. " Blame you ? I love you for lit ! It's the blessed American woman that makes the American soldier what he is !" I Boom! IBoom ! Boom ! Heavy ex plosions shook the air—made the ground tremble. " That's Major Young and his Utah Artil lery !" shouted BJroiw, as the boom-booming went on. "I reckon Fleming is there, too, with hto section of the Sixth. They'll wind this fight tip quick, for the niggers can't •tand being shelled." True to bis prediction, the firing continued a Mttle longer, then rippled out and died away. • t " Is it all over ?" asfeed the girl in pink. " 1 think so ; "but stay just where yon are for a few minutes.until we make sure." Those minutes, suspenseful to IDlrow, passed without further sound of firing. " Now, let us hurry forward* to the Ne braska's," pleaded the girl. "Oh, what a hug I'm going to give Tom !" " Miss Plymton," rejoined Blrow, going over and helping her to rise, " I think you. are convinced by this time, of the fulnesa of my desire' to serve you. Listen ito me, You can't go to the' Neoraskas to-day. Now that the inaurrectos are on the run the troops will have td chase th^m. It will be a foot-race until -the insurrectos stop at another line of defences. Then there will be more fighting. You must let me diotate to you a little. I have been a fool long enough. lam going to take you back to Malolos. If you wish to stay there, there is a good, motherly nurse at the dressing station who will chaperon you. Come !" He was anxious to get her away from there for more than one reason. In a few minutes, he knew, the ambulances would be starting back with the killed and wounded. He wanted to spare her that tad procession. With a docility that surprised him she accepted hiß arm and started back. Before they had gone a hundred steps Miss Plympton caught sight of a dozen soldiers following n course through ihe woods parallel to the road. "They are the sick and slightly wounded going back," Blrow informed her. " They keep to the woods because there is more cover there, and also because the ineur rectos, if they started to fire again, would probably fire down 4his road, along which any reinforcements to our side would be apt to travel.- Now; you see, they feel thai they have struck a sone of safety, for I they are obliquing out into the road." I " Hurry I 1 mutt see them] **4 iftetk \» them," Importuned hit companion, giving hia arm a little forward impulse. They were an earth-stained, powder-be grimed, scattered, and somewhat bloody looking lot, those Boldiera, many of whom wore mere oqya. One, who lagged at the rear of the struggling line, carried an extra blouse x>ver one arm. The garment chained i?t* ympton' 8 iast**t attention. Why, that's Tom'G—of course .it is"!" she cried, in a troubled tone ; then ran for ward and snatched the blouse from the soldier, who. receiving Blrow's assuring nod. BaiiL ted and hurried on after hiß comrades. The girl in pink gazed with a species of creepy fascination at the long wine streak on one sleeve. A sob forced through her lips as she tuned the garment over and saw on tho breast a stein of lighter red below a tiny puncture in the ciotß. " You know what It means when an officer's coat is brought back ?" questioned Elrow, huskily. " Does it—does it always moan that he is dead ?" Her roioe came an faintly as if she were far off. " Always." Elrow watched her with writhing, helpless sympathy as ebe bravely daah*d back the flow of tears, then tenderly, jealously folded the blouse, holding it next to her heart. Aftor a few moments be took her di*?n goged arm, leading her down the road to Malolos. • Tom did his duty/ he whispered, softly. " No man can do more." Of how.the rest of that *wi«il day passed not even Elrow had much idea * Back at Mak>l6B- Station, where his regiment was guarding an important depot of supplies, Elrow led the girl in pink into his tent, then came out and left It sacred to her. Only the nurse, with gray-tinged hair, went. Ie to speak with her. Elrow found the hospital steward and sternly told him that if Lieutenant Mnrrill'a body cama back it was bj no means to be left where Miss Plymp ton could catch a glimpse of it. Two or three times BlroW found himself wondering with a strange thrill whether, now that Morrill was dead, he might some time succeed in making the ptrl in pink en re something for him. As often as the thought recurred to htm he cursed himself savagely. No ! Surely such a creature as Miss Plympton could never care for on* who was base enough to build hope on a comrade's death in duty. So he got a grip en his heart, and compelled himself to think unselfishly of her. At last the afternoon train was la readi ness to go. Elrow conducted her in silence to the car, seated her, and took* the chair beside her. He had told her that he wouty take her to Mrs. Bingham, the wife of aa infantry captain In town, who would give her all the motherly comfort and care that any woman could. The train started. In tne gathering even ing shadows it stopped at Guigulnato, the the first station down the road. Two officers boarded the car there. As It hap pened, Miss Plympton looked up before he did. In another instant she rose and seemed to fly through the car, landing breathlessly against one of the two officers, hysterically repeating : • v "Tom ! Tom !*Tom ! Oh, Tom !" The startled Blrow turned in -time to ace a pair of pink-sleeved arms wind around the neck of Lieutenant Tom Morrill. "I saw your blouse brought back,'.' sobbed Miss Plympton, breaking down completely -now, though crying for very Joy. " I thought—l thought you were dead !" Recovering from his first stagger of amaie ment, Lieutenant Morrill replied : "I was sent back on detached duty, first at Quigulnto, and winding up at Manila. 'Simpson had lost his blouse, so I loaned him mine, for a blue 'flannel shirt makes a fellow a conspicuous mark in these woods. And I Just heard that Slmth»en, poor fellow, got it through the heart." While making these explanations, 1b a rather matter-of-fact tone, Lieutenant Mor rill gently disengaged himself and pressed: the girl in pink into a seat, for now she wa» tottering, white-faced. "Tom Morrill," choked Elrow. stepping forward and seising the Nebraekan'i dis engaged hand for a moment, " I congratulate you—most—heartily—on being alive I" Elrow sprang through the door, closed It after him, and vanished. As the train went on towards Manila, a solitary artillery lieutenant wa« plodding between the rail* back to Malolos.—H. Irving Hancock, la the " Criterion." iNetfll Munn> ha* only ftttd hto name be* fore the puftrifc ifar ■&• last three years— that te, since " I%e (Lost P4bip:(h" appeared In 1896—tout Ills books are continually asked for at circulating libraries and bocftoselkra' •hops. It 4s etraasje, then, that with *he reputation he (hae be dhwuM bare 'been «lble to find mo better place for ate third «tory to appear tfcan to 'the pages of "Good WonJa," hi wihiidi estimable perlodfaal i&u; book, '"Ch« Pfcyanaater'a Boy," has been running serially. It will prdbsitfly appear 4uitag the present pufoltehi?e season, under the -altered name of "OiHan mhe Dreaanar," wihteh f3 certainly bcitder vulted to the Umc<r and eubjeot of the cov«l. Mrs. Humphry Ward's method of writing when she is engaged on a novel is different from those writers who find it possible to " dash off" three or four books in the year. When she la at work she practically retires from the world. Ignores society, and «n» Joins the greatest quiet on her own house hold. She often baa her meal 3 gent to her room, and works In the most methodical way. Up to the present her norels, from " Robert Elsmere" to " Helbeck of >Banni*> dale," have all been written more or less with a purpose; but the book on which she is now engaged will, she says, "be a pure love story, with—in its framing and atmof phere—as much suggestion aB possible, with set descriptions, and without antiquarianlsm of the great ghosts and the great ideas that meet in Rome." The hero it. to be "a maker of books and phrase's," incapable of subordination and concentration, while the heroine is " intellectual and responsive, with a passionate and fevered state beneath the outward grace and plaintive sweetness/ It remains to be seen what Mrs. Ward will do with two unmanageable persons of this description. At any rate we may rest as sured -that it will not be waste of time tt read her novel in an age whea book shelves are pHed high frith book* that > tfcMld Mm fcaut ***•. writttt. 