THE O'GORMAN MA If ON. Among the members of the Irish party at that time was Colonel O'Gorman Mahon. He Was then upwards of eighty years of age; indeed, some people insisted that he was already past ninety : be was certainly ninety when he died. He was one of the most picturesque figures in , the House of Commons. He had been a member as far back as the early days of Daniel O'Connell; and even then he was not a youngster, for he was something like thirty years of age; and that was the year 1830. He therefore appeared to the men among whom he moved, as souiething like a historic resurrection—a man that belonged to dim and J is tan t ages, more remote to the imagination in some respects than even the darkness of the Middle Ages. He seemed, indeed, to belong much more to the eighteenth fcentury than to the nineteenth ; he might have been the ghost of one of the men who fought against the destruction of the old Irish Parliament. In appearance, in language, above all in ideas, he belonged to that period. And that, as everybody knows, was the period when gentlemen were supposed to find a defence for their outraged honor—especially in politics— by meeting each other with pistols in a duel. The O'Gornuu Mahon— immensely tall, robust, with a long face, a tremendous jaw. stroug features, a nose like the beak of some great eagle, a bush of white hair that somehow or other, suggested the mane of a lion and a deep voice that equally suggested the roar of the lion of the forest—the O'Gorman Mahon was just the living embodiment of the Lucius O'Trigger of the eighteenth century. And he had led the life of a Lucius O'Trigger. Nobody ever got him to tell the full tale of the duels in which he had been engaged as principal or second There was one bewildering story in which three duels were fought on (he same ground within a few moments of each other, and by the same persons, the seconds being; the principals, each in turn- Arid in :all these> duels the O'Gorman Mahon had taken part. The duel wa» so well established as a political institution in those far-off days that O'Connel, even at the moment when all the hopes of the Irish nation depended on his single life, actually went out with a dead shot and killed his man. And to bring home to the mind of the men of this epoch how recent even strange and incredible things are, it is well to recall the fact that Feel and O'Connell went very near having a duel, and that as late as 1846 Peel was said to have seriously contemplated whether he ought not to call out. Disraeli in reply to the terrific invectives "which Disraeli was then uttering against Peel for abandoning Protection. I must resist the temptation to tarry by the way and tell.more of the O'Gorman Mahon; but I cannot resist describing one scene which was characteristic of the man. It was the iscene at his death-bed. Tou will easily understand that his language had the fine full-bloodedness of the beginning of the century. There was a " D n," and more frequently a " G d it, sir !"— this was how he spoke. Dr M'Donnell, M.P., was his physician as well as his friend, and he was sitting at the old fellow's bed-side when I went to pay him my last visit. By way of drawing him out and of cheering him up, Dr M'Donnell asked him some questions with regard to his past life; and the old fellow, taking good dips from a bottle of port meantime, began to tell of his doings by flood and field, with bewildering variety of experience and locality. At one time you were in the midst of a boar-hunt, in which the Irish Chieftain was hunting " with my friend, the Czar," then he was in South America, and was describing a battle at sea; an earthquake; some of the convulsions of man or Nature; \ r v- $ •$ I-*? i. • >' and finally, to maike conversation, I said to him, " Well, Colonel, and when * were you happiest?" He was a little hard of hearing, and I had to repeat' niy question. " When was I happiest ? G d .d——n it> sir, I was always happy ; G d d——n it, I'm happy now!" And he was dying in popr lodgings in Sidney-street, Pulham Eoad, and Sidney-street, Fulham Road, implies a good deal to the Londoner. And then I thought of that other old man who bad died, also at as great an age, within a few yards of this very street —namely, in Cheyne Row, Chelsea—I mean, of course, Carly le. I could not help thinking what vast gulfs separate human character; this one, always bemoaning the misery'of human life, and that other,, on his bed of death, roaring out from his leonine lips and • from out his great mane, "G d d n it, sir, I was always happy; I'm happy now!" T. P. O'CONNOR. 