JQADIES' GOSSIP: It is interesting to note .that no fewer tiian sis of Che Queen's children and grand children have chosen July as their wed ding month. The ill-fated; Princess Alice was married on 'the 1st of the moncn; Princess Christian on "Che 5th; the Duke of York on the Oth; Princess Maude on the 22th; Princess Beatrice on the 23rd; and Princess Louise, Duchess of Fife, on the 27th. March appears to rank nest to July in Boyal favor, for in this month the Prince of "Wales, the Marchioness of Lome, and tlhc Duke of Connaught began their •wedded lives. The Hellenes sister-in-law of tho Prin cess of Wales is an adept at Oriental lace making, each niece when it is completed Being presented .by Queen Olga to her intir mate friends. The Queen-Regent of Spain leads an ex tremely simply life, rising'at 7 wind re tiring 'to rest at 11. She. sees little of society. Most of her time is taken up in anxious consultations with her Minis ters, and when she has half an hour to spare it is usually spent with (her dhil dren. - The Marchioness of Twceildnle, who, by the way, is a charming Italian lady, is among 'the few women who have driven a railway engine. The Baroness Burdett-Coutts has two vciy strongly-marked characteristics—an intense interest in art and a great love of dumb creatures. She has; assisted many poor painters, and her gifts to institutions of all sorts devoted to the welfare of ani mals have been most generous. Lady Aberdeen makes it a rule one day in every year to dine with her servants, her husband also sometimes observing the same custom. Lady Louisa Tighe, aunt of the Duke of Richmond, is one of the most remarkable and interesting old ladies in England. Born when the ceiitury was in its cradle, two years before Trafalgar; she was pre sent at the famous hall ' given by her father on the eve of Waterloo, and buckled on the Iron Duke's sword as he left the scene of fair women for the great fight of tjie morrow. Lady Louisa still take3 the keenest interest in'public affairs and is as loyal to Home Rule os was her great friend and hero, Mr. Gladstone. Rosa Boriheur earned her first money in copying the paintings of old masters, working early and late helping to support her family. Her first animal picture was a goat, which pleased her so much that ! she gave up copying and took up animal painting. Models being too expensive for the slender purse of the young artist, she would tramp miles to a farm, carrying a meagre lunoh in her pocket, to sketch an animal. When only 10 years old she sent her first picture to an art exhibition, and at once was pronounced a genius. Mrs. Helen Gould probably receives more begging letters than uny other per son possessed of great wealth. Her letters \ are examined and classified by the young lady who acts as her private secretary, but - Miss Gould reads them all herself. According to a computation made by her private secretary, the appeals on her charity aggregate about 1,000,000 dollars a year, the total in 1897 being a few thou sands in exeess thereof. .Madame Patti, while living one London season in a house on the top of Primrose Hill, took a great fancy to a white crow, the property of a neighbor. This bird was an accomplished whistler. The diva offered a large sum for it, but the owner could not be induced to part with the pet. • Quite a small sensation seems to have been caused in some quarters by the dis covery that ladies are taking to the use of the monocle. In this connection it is stated that Princess of Charles of Den mark has worn a single eye-glass for some years, and her example has been followed by one or two other ladies in society. Princess Maude has always been quite the most up-to-date of the Queen's grand daughters, "and' her monocle is quite in harmony with her piquant prettiness and bright manner. * A wonderful shawl is among the posses sions of the Duchess of Northumberland. It once belonged to Charles X. of France, and was made entirely from the fur of Persian cats. Although thA shawl is 8 ft. square, it is of such fine texture that it can be compressed into an ordinary tea cup. "Do many of the women who pass the ftedical examinations practise?" a well known medical "woman" was asked by a representative of a contemporary. "Most certainly"', was the reply; "there are over forty women practising in London alone, and on the Medical Re gister there are nearly 150. The greater number of these go to China, India, .'and Eastern countries generally/to .practise, but women ,are now frequently employed by the Government when medical ex aminations are required in the case of female post-office employes, boarded- out workhouse children, and so on. The Asy lums Hoard and the infirmaries employ them largely tjiIso7 Some of the women who are practising abroad arc rapidly making fortunes, and I know one in India whose income last year amounted to over £4,000—slie had que present of over £500." An ancient custom that has lately been revived is iMT presentation by ladies to their future husbands of handkerchief's embroidered with the lady's initials worked by herself with lier own hair. In the middle jiges, it is stated on good authority, this-' practice was 'quite general. Since the d#s of Ovid it has been con sidered unlucky to be married in May, and those students who spend their time in diggiug up roots and reasons have given us what they suppose to be ■ the origin of the superstition as follows:—"In aucient Rome there .used to be held in May a festival called the Lemuria, or Feast of, the Lemures. which was a ceremonial in honor of the Speeches of Departed Souls. It became, with the Rowans,. what we should call 'bad. forpt* .to have matri monial rejoicings at the season of such a solemn ritual, being probably considered an insult to the dead to marry at such a time at all." From this a series of stories would grow of the revenges made by the outraged ghosts upon those .who ventured to disregard them, and if anything unfor tunate happened to a couple who had been wedded in May it would certainly have been put down to retribution. So the tradition of ill-luck arose, and its influence has lasted ever since, even to our day. One of the most expensive ladies' pet dogs at present in fashion is the little black-and-white Japanese spaniel. Pup pies of these have fetched £70 a piece, full grown dogs not infrequently being sold for as much as a hundred pounds. Ihe Coun tess of Warwick has the finest specimens of Japanese terriers in the world. During the summer, spell of warm weather in England the girls and women in various Lancashire cotton mills took to wearing loose thin blouses in- order to get more relief from the heat. The innova tion was much appreciated; but soon the masters ordered that no one should be allowed to work who was so clothed. The reason for this regulation was that it was feared the loose dress might be caught in some of the machinery and bad acci dents result. ' One again and again sees youthful faces untouched by. a single line, hut sur mounted with hair • still abundant but almost white. One reason for this, apart from the foolish custom indulged in by some girls of bleaching their hair, is, no doubt, that pomades and greasy, dressings for the hair have been out of fashion during the present generation. Another cause of premature greyness lie3 in modern conditions of life. People live at high pressure and under continual strain. This, among other evils, turns the hair white. There is nothing so- certain to do t'his as menial distress and anxiety; and exceptional eases are on record—such as those ill the Reign of Terror—in which - woman's hair has turned white single night. A hairdresser told us the other day (writes a contemporary) that one of the unpleasant effects of influenza was the way in which sufferers from the epidemic found their hair growing grey immediately afterwards. A golden rule for taste in dress is to match your skin for evening wear, match your liiair for street wear, and your eyes j for wear in the 'house. 