cap and Bells. $k axxib b. holdsworth, Sfirot ".Spindles nndOnrs," &e.;, &c.; H (COPYItlGlIT.) K man Is a fool, "grumbled the profcs- gpy c.ni't he he content with his awn gLovcr 'know when we are well off," S;,,.il Carcw. SKnrofc-sor tinned his 0)lue- goggles to S8L of the table again, and gave an Im- W snort- Cc('" Carcw fol,owcd hlS TP to the place where, nhove a shabby Spqu'ilnt, gpavo face looked Indulgently Ifgiiicty round lilin. . iriouo of mlfth "was -passing over that m of the illn'lngrooni. It Shook and Mb into the solenvnlty of the luncheon Kit made the bells ring In the tower- aLls Of Mrs- Ivli'hlaud and Miss I'rit- aS Ml«s \V':ivnc -wiped -the tears from $L' and helped herself to bhe souflle, flfefonsly taking twice as much as usual. TO te 'the head waitress, smiled approv es Mllllccnt Chase, roused and iuto- Sf- for'ot to refuse the dISh at her elbow. Hon, u, liable laugh shattered the gloom lfij» m'-i-on, whose crape band wms ob- tfHv—Indeed IndeUcately-now. The poo- Stlie professor's cud of the table, who F&ot; tell What ft was all abou't, slirug- Sgsv Shoulders, and bore the respousl- fffcf the menu. H&Jeni;'.iigliani again," Cecil Oarow said SBillake. : jwnnu is a Cool," the professor ropost- fficlug down at the book open before jffinow what a fool . Is, professor," P£> ,1 child's voice. jnel VIckcrs looked tat bis little . girl, fiusoil his brows across nit Cecil Cn- lileiise, Miss Busybody," be said, shnrp- Slpie girls dou't know everything." mi does," she saSd, cngerly. "A fool fflfeon that makes you lnugli. I Know, fflw him once nt « circus. He had on n Bjih imiis, and bis 'face was red and Is M'" Jcru'iug'liftHi a fool Ijocauso SKgot red patches ou bis cheeks?" £pe, there, Mi'ss Bu'sybody, go 011 with Stench." said the colonel. ' Ton see j ju have done," he reproached the pro- iint answered him, and the pale little flBopposite suddenly broke the silence. I : yon going to toboggan to-night, S look his head. . _ 5 Staunton has forbidden.lt. Yet be jStolnghain toboggan." Hh't think there Is much wrong wltn Smingham," said Miss Blake, timidly; Rffi hipped." Oracil! Look at Ills face!" blustered the" Sffir; and Miss Blake sank Into silence, |EBr coming and going painfully. . . : . ; Snot an Invalid," said Cecil, \vho.wu3 Kid of the professor. "He's always Swing everything for everybody— and; jffilrlts he has!" 7-;y '-".v/.; '/g.'v; fini Kaster pays lilm to keep up the ajjfof the hotel," said -the professor. ®hvhnt lie Is— a superior clown." Ware too had," said Cecil/ hotly; "We jjfiic dull enough without Mr. Jernlag-. Sylnd sotneoue else to hit at, profes- Hjllake Intercepted the glance the pro- Brcw at Cecil. . , KBst Hud someone to . toboggan with Hjg'ht. It will be full moon," she said SBjy. "Yon said tohogannlng. at night BBoti, professor"; -tho girl gave him a Hi and daring nt once." B&ernlnghaiu;," lie growled in answer. ffi|t trouble," said 'Miss Blake, hastily, let " But Cecil turned with n charm- fflBeto Mr. Jernlngliam, who was pnss- SSeliiili. Ills shubby coat hung loose Mf shoulders. His tlgure showed B6 every direction as he stepped gln- Hwng the slippery parquet. His face KB and two patches of color made his ranter. ffllJcrnlnghnm. won't you toboggan SSjs Blake to-night?" Bhe caught the HRemur In his oye3, and added, BHP'lJ' Is going to the Poudre at the fflSand It will be dull for Miss Blake with the professor." rapt glance passed between Cecil and BSlngham ; thou ho said pleasantly: |P be nly too happy; Miss Blake. . . Mhner then, when all these foolish gfflivo gone to their ball." jSprnltigkam," said Miss Busybody HA the professor says you are a fool." g»me?" he laughed. Milted out on to the balcony running HKe 'otel, and bis eyes rested on the HB the .pines, the bouses and ehnlats, »Sg sines of the mountains. Long use rathe scene familiar, and yet It was ®pw. pavos In mist, Davos In sun- B&tnf; 1fc.lawn' and Davos wheu tlie sBiees Peaks were so many di£ SP'hi"8 B?,Uhro houses round the II:,.. uy bfld changeful moods. HLenr i' "ghted up until they 81/ vl; au Whcn thelr'cyes shone raty for !7 ot the luoon'lght they Bit , ' ,a 'ov#r s eye. The houses HLtcr . Ml8S B'ahe— the poor gSt'' , oso lovc affair with the IjR; ' ' tbnalng smoothly. . 3 I n Blake- aud he loved Wy ill to rl! m,as- Hc hna come Bra Davos-Fiatz fonr years be- fore, seeking health In the Alpine valley, ' where so many light death and conquer. When lie learned from Dr. Staunton's silence that he had come too late, he would hnve been glad to have had all ended at once. What could he make of a broken life? Wlmt was there for a man to do I11 n colony of liivnllds nil lighting that grim fight? He was one of the ghosts who troop Into the valley high among the Alps, and after 11 short stay troop out again by one .of the, two passes. that lead from Davos. Some go out by the high pass of the White Gate; and some the train bonrs down again Into the warm valleys where the cltles lle. He. knew that his way out would be by' the high pnss. ' There liail been nothing for lilm to do with Ills life (luring those iirst months.' lie had mnile one of that pathetic row of Invalids that lie all day In the sun; anil hopelessness and loneliness had '-eaten' his heart.; nwny. When the number of the Invalids: molted with the melting of the snow, and Dnvos-was emptied of strangers, when the pall of win ter lifted mid showed the life'- In the valley, Joriiliighdm was oue- of the two - Invalids left In the Hotel d'A-ngleterre; The snow never altogether 'disappears from Davos. Even after It melts In the vnllejli through nil the glowing suinmer, one ; enn see the white wreaths In the cracks nud- cre vices of the heights- - - - The other Invalid was a woman; ; Thev called licr the Child In tlie hotel," because she was so little anil eager, and -so absurdly young for lior years-. She was quite alone, and she was very 111 and poor, but she was always gay. She liad bright brown -eyes, - with a look In thorn that contradicted the prophecy of licr smitten face. Through tlie summer tho limn lying helpless, nnd : the woman passing clioorlly out of life, found their .world In each other. - She- hid ' hep suffering to lighten his; und lie grew gayfiud contented within sound of her Inuglg'/aud within sight of her eyes. y. Their clmlrs were always together on tlie balcony; tliey read ' anil ;played eliessrand made bets 011 the weather,- and Tanglidd/UiJ tho sun. . _ Sometimes, langhlng llke chlldrcn nt tholr dnrlng, tliey dragged Ihcmselvcs. ncross the road between .tlie hotel and, tlie meadows 'and tilled their hands with flowers— the 'butter cups, and purple bolls, nud yellow lionrt's- ease tlmt flaunted, in, the valley. x'JLTiey;, would come back exhausted, and for: days I' nftcr would pretend to . each-; other, that-. the'. bal cony was too Interesting-? u place; to:- leave oven for the meadow, witli Its' orchestra of; grassliopgcrs twanging toother soug-of. the Landivasser j " r She called these months.1 licr holiday:" , . ".When the. winter comes there Is too much to do for. one to amuse, one's self,''.1 she:told him - - . "I11 Davos? , . Too. much, to -do?" - he said, astonished .."Oh, yes,, there -are so. many. to. be. nursed,- so. -.many- lonely ones to comfort. .It takes .whole weeks to lift even: a corner; of- the weight of life from the poor souls. But It Is worth doing, ' she nddeil, cheerily. -lie looked at her with his heart in his eyes. .' "You have lifted more than a corner; of weight from my life, Child.-' , "Have 1 ? ' she said gnlly. "That Is good. You will he able to do It for others next wluter." "Acxt winter!" he exelnimed. "If " ; . She nodded and siullcd at him.': ' - "Oil, yes, you. will be here next ' winter. You wlll.be able to walk and go about them1.' "Wc'li cllnih; the Sehaltz Alp together," he said eagerly. The faintest' tinge of color . cnme luto her face. No one liad ever wanted licr. to climb the "Sweetbeart Alp" before. "Wbo knows?" sbc answered blm, smil ing. Wlien tliey called Jernlngkam up that night lie could not believe that tho Child was dying, she looked so little and young among the pillows, nud her eyes were us bright as ever when she smiled at hint, As he came In Dr. Staunton moved away from the bed, and bis face toid Jcrulnghain the truth. "Child! Child, " lie cried brokenly. Sbc held nut bcr band to blm. "I wnnted to see you once more," she said laughing. "I wanted to tell you — It has made such a difference to me — I have been so un- hnppy— the happiest mouths of my life— — " The sentences came In gasps. He took kcr hand, but all tbe words tbat came to blm were— "Child, Child, Child," over and over again. She clung to him, looking Into kls face with great eager eyes. "Make the poor souls linppy — as you made inc. Oil, no, that Is quite Impossible. But you will help them?— To die smiling. It makes death — honorable." Dr. Staunton walked to tbe window and stood \vl-tb his bnclc to tlicm, looking down the valley to the white gate of the pass dim In the darkness. "I thought — perhaps — do you mind — you would kiss me," sbc said. He took licr In -Ills arms, and held bcr to lilm. When be laid her back on the pillow be saw that she bad died smiling. That was four years ago, and Jernlnghans was still "trying to do what the Child bad done— to lift a corner of the weight of life from the poor souls. It mnde his life In Davos very busy. And tho professor said ho was a fool. He wemt tobogganing with Miss Blake that nlglit. The Child's prophecy bad come true. He could walk nud get nbout; but bo bad nut yet climbed tbe Sehaltz Alp. The tobog gan' run' was Just outside tbe hotel, a sloping road leading Into the Dlsclimntlial where the Lniulwnsscr flowed- The snow upon It was sot and hard, and the passing of sleighs made the road slippery. When Jernlngliam and Miss Blake pushed off from- the top their to boggans sheered down the hill, skimming the road like winged creatures. The moou wns full, anil the moonlight flooded over, blot ting out the stars. Bound them the meadows lay, wliite-robed In sno.w, white- veiled In light, asleep. Cloak ed and hooded figures, tho plaes In -the dis tances went In slow procession up the Jakob- sllven. Miss Blake was at the end of the ' run, and the silence round Jernlnghnm wn's full of memories. He sat 011 his toboggan liren'thlng sharply, and holding his side where tlie pain stabbed hiin. It was In these sleeping flelds thnt he and the Child had gathered their flowers. That was four sum mers ago, and lie was alive still, . He wrestled with his pain, nud his lips and face were white I11 tho moonlight. Presently Miss Blake came up 'the bill, panting ns she drug ged her toboggan. She sat down 011 It, and when sbc bad found her. breath she looked across nt Jernlngliam. 1 ; "How still -everything ,1s to-night,'.' she snld, in a subdued voice," that had Intcly ; groivn 'still: morer snb'du'ed.' There Is somc- tiilng ghostly' in this silent moonlight, don't you -think: so? - ,1'ou arid I might bo two ghosts, pausing before going down again into our valley of death.!' "There Is nothing ghostly about yon," lie snlil wltli.n stress on the pronoun. She shivered. - !Tvo; I almost wish. It. was so," she snld, wistfully. . "Aud.yct, when I feel the sweep and ruslr of tho. tohoggnn down the bill, It always seems to 'inciiihac I am going down, down, into.a deep," .deep: silence that has no end " no gave lic-r. a- look half sympathetic, half curlQiis. :. He .was very sorry for her, and he .wondered .what bad .happened between them tlint for. a -wholo- week .tlie professor had cut Miss.-BlnkcltflilsWudcst maimer. They had iecracd(tQlbe qnhsueh good terms, too. Then tlictc-hnd;.hefni:;iJ sudden coolness, and the . life lind _goifa&jy; of. Miss Blake s face, loav- Sug JEyjgffljieji-aurtpatheUe. -i"— Something, wrong . with the liver?" he suggested.. ... In'Dnvos'.one Is on terms of In timacy: with other people's organs. \- j ".It s riot ;tlio liver,; 1 t's . ghosts,'.' . she said- "Tills place. Is full-of them. Last snowfall there was .one slttlng lniiiiy ; chair on the . bal cony.- , .. .Bnhetto. sald It. was snow, but I kne\v: better.. - .Thoy ; are nil round us— tho ghosts of the lioople whor hnve (lied here; and thoVghosts .of : tliolr: friends thoughts Hint come back seeking- thcui;.:aml the gliosis that nie;to-be. -Thejv.troop iip anil down .the road.s ..Tliey limke uie feel sail. Sometimes .1- wish Iiwcrca.gliost lo be; lint there is 110 chance- of - that, "Tiiauiiso. strong now,'! she added; wistfully.;."/-! a v - , y ;.:.!T '111 ufrnld you hail polenta n t dinner, lie- said, . lightly, -thinking, how easy it- was for healthy people totnlk . of doatli. \- He liad .iiiteiided to.go lu, but seeing tbe tears ou her. face, he chnuged Ills mind. For the Chlld's/sakc-lieyliad been specially good to. the . lonely, : women?- in -.the hotel; ntidi lie knew Miss Blake, hail her trouble. Ho for- got tlic stall In -hisislde.-- . - ; ,' Coiiio.',now,;;J!ll -race; .von down the- hill," he said, gaily;' .-..f'Thnt .will lie less gruesome than tills. cliccrfn!,:tnlk':of yours."- a. : Their. toboggnnsi-wereialready Iirilno. She looked. up at hlin with.a.queer smile on her face. ; .. "Yes, let lis rnce,""flhe said, cxcltcilly. "And; the; one:. who gets rdoWu flrst shall be the first ghost.'.' . YVUh a cruncli'Of -steel -the sleighs took, the road lieckvto meek, -flyings down like . live things. Neither. Jernlngkam . nor Miss Blake put «ny check. on. -the pace. He -meant to win. " . ' Tho a-Ir flogged -them- back, Its strokes stinging across tbelr-fncos, but they flew/on neck -to neck down the bill. The shadow of n big boarding bouse blackened tlie snow. TUiey sped across It neck to nock, and cumc out together Into the moonlight. A whirr and a rush anil they were at the sharp- turn leading to level ground. WUli a 'mad sweep they plunged forward, twisting round the corner neck and neck still. Slic had the disadvantage of the. out" side, and he. gained sa yard or two at the turn. As tho toboggans slowed she leaned forward, dug lior pegs into the ground, ; ti lit shot abreast with him. "She sprang up aiul looked at 'him, and her voice rang across the moan of the river up to; the silence of the pines. ' - ; "A dead heat!" she cried. : , - r S Jernlnghnm Shook his 'head. , : ; , "I was flrst In," he panted. , "I overtook you." .Her -tone startled lrlni. He glanced at her and saw 'her face change In the moonlight. "But didn't I say you were not to tobog gan?" said Dr. Staunton, sharply. "If yon don't -take advice It Is useless to ask me to give It." The doctor's voice was still and vexed, his tone fierce; but the eyes fixed 011 his patient contradicted ovorythlug. Jernlngliam had heard the 'bark before; he was not afraid of the bite. He looked up smiling. "I've not done much bnrm, doctor. A little pain more or -loss, what docs It matter? Be sides, a man must use up tbe waste ends. My life Is a 'waste end of rope; It may be useful, to ckc out another man's piece of rope.!' "You may bo lengthening the rope that will eventually 'bang him," said the doctor; "I'll send you something for the pain. . He was writing out a proscription. After a while be looked up. "I -have told you before you arc- deliberate ly shortening your life." .Jernlnghnm was silent a moment. ; "Do you think I could last;ont the winter with cnre?" lie" s'ald."" '-! '' » "With care;" answered; the doctor.- He wns'.still;wrltlng. Jernlnglinm.:studled the Inscrutable' face wTth . Its moutli pursed over tlie wi-ltlng. He know every feature of it, by heart, every line on the fine forebeail; every,; flash In the keen eyes— he knew every : wrinkle In the waistcoat where the -figure broadened. ... He Und -reason to know them ;ntl...,v- Iu;;the .weeks following tbe ' child's death . Dr. Staunton bail nursed him nlglit ;nnd-:dny, -winning him from the open Jaws of the grave. - - - . - "And lf I go about as usual, doctor, how long- do you give me?" The, doctor slowly returned ; Ids- notes . to his pocket. Then- he: laid his presOiTplIon 011 the bed. » :"Tlioy; tell - me tlie icc-i-uu Is ln/cxccllcut condition," be said. > - > : "Capital I'-'., cried Jernlngliam, Ills pale face lighting upi ij.TY'esterdny Bracey: rondo " the ran lu SO seconds." . -.';'Tbnt..was»vcry,'rapld.-, It- was a. glorious sport.. 1, -I'll -look In to-niorri>w. Good morn ing-" \- Jeinlngba-m smlled as tbeTgrey coat dis appeared' through tlio doorway.- i.-v - - w !!I: might, -hnve known I. would get-nothing qut. of lilm.", : He lay- still, thinking. : "I shp- ipqsCj'.I-.nni a fool, " kc said to himself. '"But nliat- r.does a. month . more - or loss > mutter? She said It.- was worth doing: Nobody call- ed her a fool-only a child:" r /iTlie, sharp lines round his mouth softened- ' - .'.'Dear .little:- child,- avhat does It matter? I shall only. find, you sooner.: Let- them say I am ; a- fool; :„-A-t least I lift a.cotncr of tlio w oigLt of life; .. A man can die honorably "In teaching others to face death smiling." He turned restlessly on- his pillow. ; "If I don't get: up,. Miss : Blake, will-, reproach herself for .last night. -.1 wouldn't- like her- to know- how, nearly I won -that race ; Into' Ghost-"' land " : Tie dressed, wearily, with long pauses, and dragged -himself down - stairs.- :: The public iiopms ivcro empty, -and 110 sound, of. talking -canic from tlio hnlcon.v.-, cA: quick relief shot t'lirough .lirui. If tlie people. were out walking lie could lie down Quietly by. himself a-nil rest in the. sun.-".-, He- stepped on to; tho -balcony, and, faced, a row of melancholy, figures lvlug silent on.tbclr cliairs; The eves lifted to .Ills , were .blank,- -or ; dissatisfied : or. -gloom v' ; there was. not, a ray of brightness to be-setn on any. faco; -A. sudden vigor straightened his iback; lie stepped briskly -towards -them, -rub- blng-lils linmls with, a gay -lnugli. .-v- ' ..'.MTiat!.. -what! All In the dumps? Anil a .sunny day, loo? hat, rrlncoss, no smile for poor I'rlncc" 4 , At- Ills, voice a .-ripple of- welcome stirred the stagnation on the- faces; " Miss Hayue gnve blm a nielnnclioly smile. /-.' Oli, Mr. Jernlnghnui,, liaven' t-yoil heard? It's.so sad. , Flossie Dale- died last night, and she danced nt the ball." ' 1 , The oMi'er pcople turned to blni. "It spoiled, llio. evening, of -course--' . - . -Cecil Carowrwliowns'standlng on tlie'liah :cou5-,:tiiriiC(lvwltli tho-rost,- and' hor -glance' look ,ln - Jcrnlngliam's , figure, tlie -.trousers bagged-nt -the knees, the queer; angular wnv, inoi-e pronounced to-ilny tliiiu usual, "in which rlie ciiiTled himself. ' : !T- w-lsb : lie wouldn't rub bis bonds anil grin lu: Uiatiglmstly faslrlou," slie'sald, Irrl- tnbly.- "YVlin t a clown the man Is!" v "He-looks rather ridiculous," said Colonel . Vlckers, ' but bo Is a good follow; and; after all, ho Is very amusing and good-natured. He played- billiards with young. Mason- the other night— very -bad for. him of course— but Ma- sou, wanted :--sometlilng -to - divert: bis thoughts." ''' " i-; -. ',!Do '.you tlilnk Mr.v- Jernlnghnm - Is very HI?!' Cecil -asked. ' -"You eaut tell — . Those chronic: eases : ! I- declare, 'V-sbo 'Inforruptcil,. "lie: Is actu ally proposing, fancy dress at dinner, to-night. It's not 11 bad idea: It would give everybody somol'hing beside Flossie: to think about; I'll go and-benr wQinit lie Is saying." ; . ; - Her face - w ns blighter, as she -Joined the group-round Jernlngli'am. He liad effectually banlsflied tlicslr melancholy. Tliey were dis cussing costumes and characters as -If Flossie Diilcb'ad ucver: existed or bad never died. Jemlngbiiin/U'ad- To give suggestions,' auswor to'-appcMs/'piOmlses to help. At laSt .lie; was/free to go and lie dowu aiid rest filiat painful side; but ns he walked nwxi'y-SIIss Itny 110 asked him to go down to -Brnngrlcks for "her. He did her commissions, and' came Kick In time for lunch. ; The professor growled more than ever that day. The fun a't the end of the table laid never been So fast and furious. When night came, and a brilliant company sat down t'o dinner, a clown was In Joming- haiu's chair. "Ho looks vory nice anil natural, doesn't he, professor?" Cecil Oareiv said, meaning ly. "I iwldh he hadn't eliosen that dress," Miss Blake snlil, timidly. The eyes under the fool's cap made her uncomfortable. Everyone was talking nud laughing, nud criticising and admiring the dresses, hut above the dlu sounded tho incessant Jingle of -bells. "I wlrfb ho didn't know flint you called lilm a fool," Cecil addressed the professor again. "Tush!" lie grunted; "did liiui good. Y011 sec how well the cap fits." "Ho Is wiser than some of us," she said. "See how lie slaves to keep tho lnval ds from being boreil." "More fool lie," grunted the professor. At last ten o'clock came. The Impromptu dance following tbe dinner was over. Jcv- ulnghaiii hail even ilaiiccil twice. - The Jingle of hi bells bail kept time with' the piano, anil, no 0110 hail norieed- Ills silence:. - Under the paint 110. one ; liail seen the ashes on lis r face. lie Intd managed' to get' to -Ills room/ , hut-lie lib il only strength enough to crawl-to ' tlio couch. He could iiot even ring tlie hell; and yet lie was suffocating. That hohvy cap. -.„ . -But Ills hand .was heavy, too: lie"-": could not raise It to Ills head. . He tried to .- moisten, his. Hps; the paint sickened blm. - - :He; gasped, and- choked; -but could - - not tear, tbo rufile from bis nock.' Hc niust have help. / : ;,llc rose. unsteadily, holding on to the tnble hofpre-.the uilrror. - . He smiled as he' caught sight of bis -reflection lu the glass; A "The professor will say that I am n — " . / The Jaugte- and Jar. of bells crashing fin- islieil l'i,i! sentence. The End. 