IN FUL/L, CRY r BY RICHARD MARSH, 'Author of ''The Beetle A Mystery," "Tho Crime and tho Criminal;" ""The Dhtchet . Diamonds," "Mrs. Musgrave and her Husband,"' "<Tho .Womaa TtSfls One i: . Hand," &o;,. ; . < |-pTTnr.iHHRiuuv muuirsr. tft&mywuptm.; .V '' ' LOKCBn»STj(- CHAPTER XXIH. A Voice molt the Othee Side. £j!jWi\N front of n tho h-ouso f&a; was it muddy ja pond, par- tially filled '—-e with water, whoso snrfaco was coatea witn green elimc. On ono sido of this was a hedge. Between tho pond and the hodgo was a carrow, ill-kept foot path which led ton broken clapper gato. Within this gate was what had once been a garden of fnir . size, but which was now ittle less than a piece of waste land, bo overgrown was it with weeds and thistles. About tho centre of this piece of ground was tho house itself, a one- storied oreotion, built of -stono, with a elato roof. ' As Mr. Pollmrston stood at the gnto he felt that ho hud never seen a more unpromising abode. Everywhere were tho marks of ruin aud decay. From the appearance of things, it was years since a spade had been put into the ground. A small outbuilding which stood on one sido of the bouse, and which bad, possibly,- onee been a cowshed, was full ing to pieoes. Of what had dnce been a pig- stye, nothing was left but rotting timbers. The house itself stood badly in need of re pairs. Tho ono chimney pot was a shattered Wreck. Slates were missing from thereof, green moss covered most of those which were left ; while on one side flourished a patch of vigorous nettles. It was difficult to baliove that anyone could bo living in so neglected a dwelling-place, und when one reflected on its aloofness from other human inhabitations, that the nearest house was almost a milo away, nud had to bo reached through narrow, wind ing lanes, which, at this season of the year, mud rendered almost impenetrable — and re membered that it was the abode of a yonng and pretty girl, who was its sole occupant, one could hut hope, for hor own sake, that sho was fond of solitude, that her nerves wore in good order, and that she had ways und means of her own for preventing the time hanging too heavily on her hands. The pluoo seemed so' utterly deserted, und so wholly void of signs of life, that, as ho Eiokod. his way between the thistles wliioli emmed in the narrow path, Mr. Polhurstou concluded that tho girl herself must bo away. Ho was, therefore, tho mora surprised when, almost as soon as his knuckles touched tho panel, whioh stood badly in need of repaint ing, tho door opened, and the girl stood con fronting him ou tho threshold. The girl's startling resemblance to the ono who was gone, tho suddenness with which sho bad opened the door, these things, joined to a consciousness of the delicate nature of his urrand, and to his retrospective unci even somewhat morbid mood, tonded to discoucort him. Hostood hesitating, as if doubtful whut to say. It was sho who addressed him. " Well ? What, do you want ?" "I wish to speuk to you. May I come in ?" She drew back, so us to pormil him to enter, then closed tho door. His awkwardness had not deserted him, oven after his entrance. He still continued tonguo-ticd, staring at her as if she were some spectre, instead of a creature of flesh :»nd blood. It was uguin she who broko tho silence. ' " I knew you would ooine." Even hor voice was another's. Ho stared about him like a man in a dream — dinily realising that whatever tho houso - might appear without, within it was a model of ncatuess and ordor. Tho scanty furniture was polished till it shone aguin. The stono floor was spotlessly clean. Tho kitchen utensils were examples of unremitting care. Nowhere was there a suspicion of dust. Some half- dozen hooks were on a shelf nt one side. Tho only ornament which tho room contained was the cabinet portrait of a young man, whicli hung against the wall. Seeing tho preoccupation of his mood, she repeated what sho had Baid, as if sho supposed it had been unheeded. " I know you would como ! " Her voieo caused him to glance nt licr again. As he did so, it was as if a flood of memory swept ovor bim. Ha seemed to ho looking, in very deed aud very truth, at his boyhood's love. The resemblance was littlo short of marvellous. It was not only an affair of form and feature, but of expression, pose, a dozen little tricks of speech and gesture which wore as fresh in liis recolleo- tiou us on tho day on whioh he had seen them Inst. A wild, unreasonable desire sprang up within him to tako her in his arms and strain her to his breast ; but it was a desire which wad not. to be encouraged, for — for somo reason which, ns yot, was strange to bim — in her bearing there was hardness, scorn, almost rage, which was far from suggesting a caress. " You know that I should como P " " Yes. I knew it." " Then you know who I nm ?" " I should think I do know.' I ought to. You are Mr. Blaise Polhurston." "I nm. I trust that you also know that I was n friend of your mother's." In his voice there was a lioto of tenderness which wus very fur from finding an echo in hers. " Hor friend ? Hor enemy, von mean." "Ilor enemy ? God forbid ! " That I novor was." "Your niothor and you hounded her to death between you." " You uro under somo strango delusion. I would havo given my lifo to liuvo saved hers. Indeed, I havo given her tho hast part of it as it is." " You wore not only my mother's enemy, you nro also miuo !" "Yours. I am your enemy ? You droam !" _ Hor manner of addressing him wiis so en tirely different to .anything which, ho had expeoted, that ho was taken more and more aback. "Do you think that I know nothing of what gocR on in tho world? .You credit me with too much ignorance. Do you think that I don't know that my father — my father "— she repouted tho worn with added omphasis — " has been murdored, and that you have all his money, and that I. his child, have none. You hounded my mother to her death — for oil-, I know you huvo had a hand in tho killing of my father — you take the inheritance whiob should he mine, and then, when I say you are my enemy, you oxolaim that I dream. What, then, in your judgment, goek to tho making of an enemy ?" Ho sank on to a choir whioh was at his back. Her words were so unexpected, the oharges with which sho assailed him so un locked for, that, in the first flush of his amazement, lie oould but stare— a faot on whioli she pluccd her own interpretation. " Does your conscience prick you that you store at mo as if I were a ghost. I had sup posed, from what I havo heard of you, thut you had got beyond tho stage in which you. would be likely to find a c'onsoienoe a trouble some possession." " You aro mistaken. My conscience still troubles me mere than auffioiently at times, though not for that which you suggest. There it's clear. Until tho last fow hours I did not know that a ohild of your mothor's . was living, and, still less, that Howard Shupcott was your fathor." " Ob, yos, ho was my father. I'm a child of ehume, doubly and trebly. My mothor committed suicide, my fathor was murdered ; what can I do to eompleto tho tragedy? All my life fingers havo been pointed at mo. I've been told that I'm a girl without a name, a thing apart,' a oreaturo marked with an iueffucoahlo brand." "You uro sure you don't exaggerate P" " Exaggerate I" She laughed.— .not-a,. pleasant laugh to hear issuing from a yonng girl's lips. " Ask the parish if I oxaggerato. Ask tho first person on whom you como if I'm not Helen Fowler's ohild; if my mother didn't drown herself beoauBo she couldn't face the Bhame of having borno mo ; If I didn't call myself by my mothor's name only be cause I've no right to that of any other ; if I haven't been tho cause of all tho trouble ut tho great house; and if there's any bettor prospect for me than to do us my mothor did, or worse. My mother's folk threw those things in my face so long as any of them were living, and now that thoy aro gone, ' what is there for mo to do hut to stay . bore, all alone, and think of thorn, morning, noon, and night?" " You oould hardly have ohoscn a more uu- ; healthy occupation. No wonder your mind Is filled with such imaginings. A young girl ought not to live alone in such a place as thiB.' ' N She langhed again. "Whore else shall I live? Under what, other roof Bhould I seek sholtor? This place is my own. And as for being alone in it, I'd . rather. I never go out in tho daytime where people ore._ Thoy look at me, nud thrust caoh other in tho side, and sav, ' There she goes! That's Helen Fowlor's shamoi' When I want to go ont I wait till after dark, so that I can havo for company tbo creatures of tho night. Thoy don't point at mound tell each other who I am." Their was an air- of wildness about tho fashion in whioh she said this whioli was not without a pathos of its own. It wont so ill with her beauty and her youth. "But how do you live? Huvo you means?" "No, I've no means — you've nil my father had." Again there camo that jurring laugh. "It's littlo enough I want in the way of food. And as for clothes, they last me a long time, since I see so littlo company." As sho spoke. Mr. Polhurston could not help but obsorvo that tho print dress which sho wore scorned new, and how tastefully it was " fashioned, and how woll it hcciuno her. " The little money I want I cam by tow- iaer- I go fur afield for work, where folks don't know me. Thoy trust mo with it, and let mo bring it home to do it here." There was a puuso before. Mr. Polhurston spoke again. Ho ohoso his words with such care as he could, for the feeling was strong upon him tho situation was more delicate even than ho had supposed. "I cannot but think that tho story of my acquaintance with your mother, whom I" loved, esteemed, ana honoured, nud would, if I could, havo mude my wifo " " You would hnvo made her your wifo P" "If I could— indeed. I cannot but think that this story has beon told you by some pre judiced person, to tho serious disadvnntego' of ray share in it. I must bog you for tho moment to tnko my word for it .when I , eay I would have dono all I could for your 'mother, just as, now, I will do all I can for her child. As you observe, I huvo your father's money. As I have already told you, until quite recently I dicl not know that Howard Shupcott wus your fattier. Why lie made me his heir I cannot tell you ; I had never any renson to suppose that lie intended doing any thing of th'o kind. But now that I iim acquainted with tho truth, you may rest assured that I will see thut justice is done." " Whut do you mean by saying that you will see that justice' is done ?" "You pay me n poor compliment by uskiug such a question. Surely my meaning must bo sufficiently obvious. I hud no claim on Howard Shupcott — you nro his child." She shrank away." " He has never beon to mo a father ; it is. only from what tlioy'vo told me that I know lio was my father. Ho never treated mo as his child ; I never saw him. I don't want his money now that ho iu dead." "You at leust linve a bettor right to it than I ; as you yoursoif have pointed out." "They were only my wild words ; I didn't mean it." Sho drew further bnok from him, ns if fearful that ho would proffer her the monoy there and then. " Do not be afraid. We shall not quarrel, you and I. Everything shall be done in duo aud proper order. My trust is that you muv leurn to know mo better, mid like iuo none tho loss with increased knowlodgo. What wc havo to do at present, you und I, is to urrango some plan by whioli you can remove with tho lenst delay, from this lonely cuttage, and take up your residence in somo jdaco batter suited to your ago and situation. My opinion is, that tiio further awiiy you go, . within reuson thut is, tho hotter." "I don't want to leave this house." 'You must. On thut point there can be no two opinions. It is not right that a young girl should live, like a solitary hermit, all alonoby herself, ot tho other end of nowhere." It was plain that tho decision with which ho spoke, blended, as it chanced to ho, with something which was, at tho same time, bctli humorous aud tender, impressed tbo girl oven ugainst her will. A chord seemed to be touched whioh had hitherto remained quiescent in her bosom. Sho exclaimed, with apparent sudden impulse : " I will go and fetch a letter which I have to givo you from my niothor." Boforo ho could reply, slio had vanished into tho adjoining room. Hor words, wholly unforeseen, and, to him, mysterious, had thrilled liim. Ho sat, in a stuto of suspensive doubt, expectant of lio know not whut. Even yet lio had not boon able ,to simko himself wholly froo of tho fooling tliiit lie had returned, at least iu part, to tho days of long ago : thut lie hud taken up, us it vvorere a thread which laid long beoiWTrtSppcd, and in so doing had been restored to tho prcseiico of his old lovo in a now form. Tim incident hud, for him, nlmost a flavour of tho supernatural. lie laid lived so long with und for a ghost, that now it ifimost seomod as if, all at onco, tho ghost had been olothed with flesh, und filled with tho breath of lifo. Ho found it impossible to shulcu him self free of a preposterous half-suspicion that ' this girl was the girl whom ho had loved— the very one— with whom timo and oireumstunce hud played some trick, for tho delusion of his senses. So that wlioit she spoko of giving him a letter from her mother, us if sho wore oloso at hund to writo it, it seemed to bo the one touch whioh was needed to complete the confusion of his brain. (to be continued.) 