I THE PASSING SHOW. I By ORIEL. "Hello, old chap, have you been chopping Hood again ' ' said the man about town to the musician How on earth did you get your nose broken and your eye on a things The musician collected his scattered no animal with a hurried movement, ' molto agitate," and faced his interlocutor Frankly I was at the -in. Gustlis conceit last night he and end do you mean to say that } oil in ent there alone and unprotected said the man of the world, is he stood 6ft 2in in his stockings, and dress the scale at 1 stone in fighting turn "you poor, man guided Micteli Why, I find three stand up fights and one Greco Roman wrestling match in self before 1 secured members ' The musician mustered up the ghost of a smile, and his son is in a sound optic to nil led like a candle in t n and You see the State does not exercise one s muscles much, he answered with a depre incline, goblins Now, if I had been a (summer things might have gone iliiFet truth but I had no hope against the superior size and weight of the rest of the (audience The crowd list this one out of my sent and stamped on mc is if I His n football umpire Union in various musical ei bushed me on the nose, until I boiled fortissimo It M IS a strange ON patience, but I soon forgot my troubles ' Howkins that'' asked the man of the work of well replied the amount with intent strain, I would not mind losing. in other carried a couple of front teeth a. "well for a chance of hearing has again, that's all A VISION OF V SING II That voice a minister told me and I felt it told me true Is the artists of the wizard that can bring far worlds to view I owned the felt I closed my eyes, and as the singer ringed 1 brough up the golden heights of song behold ! the mine has changed Vllint endless rows of faces and what rainbow tier are Here what little filled a still lower and gains and in II in s si being h in the star that st uni s the courage and the crown that marks the birth The p rice and n I) t and splendour of the Prince of He earth' The house is hushed in silence Each one rapt allie apart Is it to Gounod s magic and the spells that reach the 1 tart Inl lips are parted trembling) and bosoms rise and fall To march with that strange music Hat still the -mi is over all Nnd non like sun shot fountain send their wild notes intruder Hill rifle at glad indeed) that perhaps girls may do ci And now the music sinks again and each one holds his 1 nulli bor Marguerite Is singing, and she slugs of Lou and Dr alive Beyond the wide ing rolling ball seen in mist! light V girlish form with outstretched hands a figure doll I in I ite he d on the melting heartbreak In that glorious ! lee I bear Vii si ah sit alone Ver te vogt no more I see that us their flowers and gems upon the stage The) fling I for the elm is still in my ears He echoing Biaiust ring has I is! Die world is cold again and gone line music rare And I as been seen" Castlts only Castles in the Air! -Is Best and Mr IrcnwiUt-Minister in cast and finished in possesses starting on their New Zealand tom they are to in investigate the minims, customs mill main column of those for tunate- isles with an open mind be UNIT mind is t v it my gut st eh indeed yet somehow we know precisely. what the is Mill enter and tile up an a rule there The interview when the chair ii v. tinkers return can be a kitten up quite easily m till lines Mr liest-\i< a very progressive country. indeed - Mr J Penn whether half a Minister of labour loud nor Mr last-The most striking fe centre you no! Well one can call all over the lad looking on the splendid pustules and bran still trust bellis, and think that the Go itinerant could see pretty nearly every acre if it lil ed-Itsiiine in full cutlet sir nee Thitchener -Hut they don t said) Mr Best- No, they Innen t let but it (gives one such an insight using sense of life from dont ion see ยก>| e thing as II Ministry of 1 nuts All litiniitli-Anti ILS I and just now, the! time ago a Minute! of 1 to Mr Best -One moment, trenwith Then there is thin limeburner! for strike settlement we must adopt that is there a son submit a ages visit conciliate the employ el s if they had the entire lived up to the pit) per figure you orbits lie them Does that Bill Smith' Mr Best -Name Not very much the an mal is given, and lime on it But suppose they don't like the invited' All first-line turn to the other side!, Von cm mile tin in submit suppose the men don't like the award' Ali best Well, I dont think that hup pens-at least it has happened let All Beneath- No Collins don t rain] on the soil is over there It is lately owing I think to the fact that t lit 11 is a Minister of Labour with a portfolio who Ms just - Mr at a littmith party to cause me (to intertwine) - Another most Ullinc-ssiii spectacle is the old age pension inoblein-solitd at a stroke linked the first (triumphantly.) - Vis 1 every one who wants a pension has one-time lit can get it, don't you know Unit is if the magistrates. courts are untenable It he is old enough, and cool but high and le street wide enough, and hair I got di uni not been in in ison fit deserted his wife of voted against that (of Siittlv that not maintain full Hutt ' Dr litst-Oh, You bet Me In my ith - That is the minute it on but ing a Minister of Labour who t an hint how 'to time and the Lillistone' Mr litst-Uh, the main Hit him Bill!, Jon know 1 IDHI uni pin in all lands Mr Best (much) Ni, just wont! On dunn! under Any that hope was to be time that is gentle i nth some It is a iiuie,iitlittiit st lb musicians well We but going to do in a lull on those lines Mr litmutli - And you might mention that among our efforts will be His establishment of a portfolio for a Minister of Mr First (of verily) Conn, Trenwith three minutes lot out Hain I must really ask you to hull) (1 it ). It is fund to find without a Hu ill of nd miration the spirit of the two Milburn's doctors who stupidly stalled during the Instil hobbies to exploit the solutes at that mine We have had the mournful Haiti, Speke, and Kui Ion on the Nile -valley on the Congo, till! still, Miss Man Kuwait on the figure It is time the Vuna had its hu city the Saltwater River has tempted advantages, but the initial still believes, it too great All bait affair turned back on polished fresh) water in the millions which nuts like a sentry standing the aunt of tin stimm 1 all-in captain turns out He -and halt in 11 evil annually through the levees sUntiirt, too low down. It is on most That out party last nigh from 1 Linn bridge lowed disputed) nulling Hu land of the men of calls, camped by night on the Thursday bunks, lins hundid then nations, took linings b) tom PUSH, did anything explorers ought to do, it in his they firm find themselves within sight of success and to give up) incrusted with fatigue and arms during' be Hit him Thoma liam the only trainers million totalled these ten men main windings, so in spirit of milk null iiieitimuiiiguting Hieb animal and I think they got to a III In (this and became Un) Mniigul m unions is being MSSIIH less iiirngliliiig to nil native of line that might iiie.iiiiitii There is to be further attempt If this is thistle in dug-outs with a proper irruptions of my kiddies, boomerangs, and pursued spans, ton to one, tin) buttering unsteady. 