*d?9Y ^ There is a superstition in vogue amongst the seafaring population that a little guarding angel, who among sailors is known as the mariners' cherub, sits on top of the mainmast religiously watching the welfare of poor Jack. This may be so, and may not be so ; at all events it» just as well to believe, it to be. Now, this writer and aimless wanderer is folly convinced that Bill and Jim, the swagmen of the lonely Western Boad, are blessed With the same blessing, and nightly have a somebody sitting in the branches of th« nearest gum tree busily watching that no harm worth speaking of happens to his—or is it it's—patrons, Bill and Jim. When Jim or Bill arrives at camp at night he lights a fire and rolls himself in his blankets without a single thought of the thousands of creeping poisonous things of the earth crawling all around— snakes, scorpions, centipedes, adders, red backed spiders, and other deadly veno mous reptiles and insects swarming about him, yet he heeds them not . It has al ways been an inexplainable wonder to me that half the swaggies on the roa<}s an not bitten and killed. It has been sar castically remarked that the deadly ver min am. afraid to bite and otherwise in terfere with swaggie because of their feai of they theuiselvesi dying after touching a knight of the road. This writer, being an unfortunate, harmless beer-thirsty swaggie himself, favors Jack Tar's idea and belief of the little cherub In the gum tree guarding his welfare. What has also struck me as very pe culiar is the fact that so few bagmen are struck by lightning. In a day's tramp amongst timber one comes across a score or so of lightning shattered gum and other trees', yet despite the fact that Bill yum invariably camps under a big tree, thunderstorm or no thunderstorm, one sel dom hears of a swaggie being hit; this, no doubt, is the work of Providence (with a capital T,') or aforementioned kindly mentioned cherub again. Ifi said cherub would only look a little better af ter swaggie's tucker bag, which sad to say he doesn't, he would be worshipped in the back-country, and the subject of all the bush hands' muse. Marvellous how sound some' people can eleep ; I knew a shearer bloke who couldn't be aroused by the breakfast bell. Now, a person whose slumber can resist a meal-bell Is as near a phenomena as an ordinary shearer can be expected to be, yet I lieard of a young country lass who' sleeps rings round said shearer ; she lived with her parents in a West QueenV Ja&4 Oae ipSght a furious cyclone —in fact a regular 'Nevertire*—struck the little township, and besides pulling down every tree and blowing several houses out of sight, it took off nearly every build ing. . The young girl's parents happened to be away on a visit, and the rest of the town-folks were too busy fleeing from the element to give the maiden a thought at all, and wheii she awoke next morning and found the clear blue sky above her instead of the roof she was puzzled, and went out to discover how it all came about. f a # « • • Talking about cyclones Providence co incidences the general fit and cussedness of things. Once whilst- working (yes, my readers, working,) there is no reason lor dubious smiles; on a far out bade station, a small circus, composed of a lady in tights, two Japanese jugglers, a learned sheep dog, and a concertina play er ; the latter we soon christened 'The Agony'—paid us a visit with the inten tion to *Eddecate' and amuse us lone un fortunate bushworkers. The little mar quee was duly pitched in the horse pad dock, and when the agony concertina an nounced the commencement of the Great American). Combination Company, -all hands from the station hut and out-sta tions, including the missus, governess, slaveys, cooks and whatever black beauty there was about, turned up to witness the grea£ show. The little marquee was crowded to the utmost, and every hard face of the pro's was beaming with joy. But, alas ! they reckoned without their host. The seeond number of an extens ive 'perrogramme' was the performing dog. The Agony's concertina had just, struck the first bars of the old song, fOh let it be soon,' when suddenly and quite unexpectedly a terrific cyclone caught the tent and tore it into about a thous and ribbons before you could spell Wool loomooloo. The frantic rush away from the structure was fearful. It was pitch dark, and everybody '"was afraid of the big pole falling on him. Hats and shawh etc., were flying all over the paddock, some of the head-gear being found over a mile off next morning. Judging by the heart-rending shrieks of the females and children audience I expected several at least were killed. But not a soul was hurt bar, perhaps, the showman, whose face next morning reminded you of the •expression on the proverbial motherless foal. It was a sad affair. Bill Mayne thought it was* all the fault of the bloke playing the constaritscreamer playing 'Oh let it be soon.1 It came soon enough, anyway. And. although the stoie Bill is not very superstitious as a rule, Fve no ticed that he fastens his hat with a chin, sfrap and makes a etayt <}ut oI the tent, liut, or whatever building he might be&n.; the moment some one hums, whistles, or plays 011 any Instruments the fatal tune, *Oh let It be soon.' Various and., numerous original and cireiuiiskmrial and often ingenious, are the liars one runs against with his swag In the bu>li. Most hush liars take kind ly to dog, horse, fish, and ghost lies, but the latest bush perverter of the truths specialities were mosquitoes. 'Camped neaur Maitland once,' he related between puffs out of his stumpy clay pipe, 'we had no sooner pulled off our-saddles and pack saddles when to our intense amazement all the saddles cleared away at enormoua fpeed. "When we caught up to them wc found a mosquito having hold of each by the teeth. Solid fact/ he went on, fand for mosqnito nets they're absolutely use less np that way. A couple of 'em fly away with r«m as fast as you p'tch. Two of us held on to a net and had to let go. after being dragged over two or three miles of rough country. It has been said that.bushmen don't easily fall out, and that when they do fall out it's mostly over the fire and who gets the fire-wood. Well, I know of two bushies who fell out over a plumpudding, and they fell out bitterly. Pass the mouth organ. 