OUR NEWS BUDGET, The Federal poll takes place in N.S. Wales on Tuesday. ’ , The well-known actor, Grattan Bigg'S, died the other day in Tasmania. An insane woman named Kidney drowned her infant in a tub, near Sydney, and then suicided by hanging. On Saturday night several larrikins were in possession of the main street, Violet Town, and did considerable damage. A lunatic patient, let out on probation, shot himself at Fern Tree Gully. He was a former resident.of Gisborne. Louis Pedrisat, of near Glunes, left the proverbial shilling to his wife, and his estate, valued at £3000, to his children. A wild bull entered a drapery shop at Morwell and soon had a clearing “ sail ” amongst customers and employes. The death is reported of Dr Barker, after whom Barker’s creek, Castlemaine, was named. He came to Victoria in 1844. G. J. Petty, formerly a leading Melbourne butcher willed the whole of his estate, £12,450, to the R.C.Society of Jesns. The Government is said to be losing £3000 a year owing to the low charges made at the Melbourne corporation freezing works. The homestead of T. Harper, near Leon gatha,was destroyed by fire the other morning. The inmates barely escaped in their night clothes. It is rep'orted that Dr Nansen, the Nor wegian explorer, is arranging to lead an ex ploring expedition to the Antarctic Ocean in 1902. George Wilson, railway porter, was laughing at a joke on the goods shed platform, at Port Adelaide, on Monday when he dropped dead of heart disease. A deputation this week urged the Post master General to adopt penny postage. Mr Daffy promised to bring the matter before the Treasurer. The will of a farmer at Charlton contains the following clause :—'• I hereby leave my debts to my wife, Bridget Keane, to be paid by her on my death.” The pugilistic championship of the world and a pnrse of £4,000 has been won by Jeffries. Fitzsimmons, the previous champion, was knocked out in the eleventh round. The Railway department has accepted the tender of the Phcenix Foundry, at £34,335, for building 10 powerful express passenger engines, with tenders. A girl named Jackson, while lighting a fire near Castlemaine, was using kerosene, which burst into flames and burnt her severely.. She is in a precarious condition. Two men entered a room at Beulah early on Monday morning, covered the oeeupant with a revolver, bound him hand and foot, then stole £10 in cash, and left. An extraordinary cloud hurst in Texas overwhelming an extensive district and in stantly inundating the country. Forty-fire people have been drowned. The Federal Enabling Bill has passed com mittee in the Queensland Assembly. Any difficulty in getting the measure through the Council is not anticipated. The use of the Brunswick town hall has been refused to cx-Priest Slattery, who has been lecturing lately about the metropolis against Catholic church institutions. An elderly woman named Weaber has been brutally murdered near Brisbane. The murderer then set the house on fire. Plunder was evidently the motive of the crime. A lad named Punch was chopping wood in Gippsland when the axe flew out of his hand and struck his little brother, four years old, behind the ear. The child bled to death. News from the Klondike gold-field states that 200 prospectors have perished when travelling to the field. Some were drowned, others died of scurvy, and many were starved to death. Mr Sutcliffe, head teacher of the Spring mount State school, near Creswiek, strained himself internally while grubbing some stumps in the playground on the 9th iust., and died on Tuesday. The low prices ruling for wheat, and the good profits and quick returns to be made out of pigs, have induced some Victorian farmers to go in for feeding their pigs on wheat this ^ The body of M. Weldon, who had been missing since the 8th inst., was found floating in the Campaspe river, at Echuca, on the 10th inst. He evidently lost his way when going home, and fell into the river. Measures have been adopted by the Rail ways Department to render prompt aid in case of accidents. There are to be casualty vans and medicine chests at all the principal stations, and on all ti e principal trains. A fight took place at Castertou on Monday between two Indian hawkers. They fought with waddies, and one struck the other a severe blow on the head, rendering him senseless for hours. At Oakleigh, on the 9th inst., two boys. Hurst and Jackson, went out in charge of milking cows, and, although most of the cattle have returned, there are no traces of the whereabouts of the lads. The Minister of Lands is now prepaired to receive offers for the sale to the Government of estates near a railway and containing good land suitable for agriculture, to be cut up into dairy farms, and thrown open for settle The Rev. Father O'Gorman, of Newcastle, delivered -a Iectnrette at Newcastle this week on “ Joan of Arc and Federation.” Dealing with the opponents of the Common wealth Bill, he said he had counted in one of Dr MacLaurin’s anti-bill speeches 275 “ ifs.” A disgraceful episode occurred after the football match at Victoria Park on Saturday. A number of angry Collingwood supporters, chagrined at defeat, attacked a cab containing several Fitzroy men. No one was badly hurt, although the cab was much damaged. H. Goldsmith, miner, Maldon, has issued a writ against the South German Reef Co., claiming £3000 damages. In August last, Goldsmith and one Guymer were employed at the mine, when a fall of stone injured the former and killed the latter, whose wife, last month, recovered £1000 damages. A ghost scare which recently started in Ballarat has extended to the Buninyong dis trict. At .Mount Clear on Sunday night a youug man encountered a tail object with wings which performed a kind of step dance. After gazing at the figure for some seconds he collapsetkwith fright. A terrific tornado has swept a large area in the Northern American States of Minnesota and Wisconsin. The villages of New Rich mond, Hudson, and Hastings were literally swept out of existence. . In New Richmond alone 150 dead bodies have already been re covered. 