Ilii|»lisni by Immersion. TO TUB KU1TOI1. Sir, — If your readers will review my last contribution on this subloet to Ipso Dlxlt, nnd will compare it with his in tho isnio of tho 'Times' o! August 10th, they will sco how utterly ovaslvo, pcrvor tivo, nnd contradictory' is his wholo pro duction. I would like to remind Ipso JJixit tl.at sarcasm is neither logic, argu ment, or scripture truth. I havo tho grontost rcsprct for nn oponly honest op. poncnt. Hut It is ncnreely fair argument for one to stnml behind tho wall nml throw dust, In people's eyes. I,ot us look nt iho fculijoct ns Inr as'wohnvo gone. In the first plnco line Dixil, ns tho nggreasive pnrly, nskotl mo tor niv highest aulliori ties on Imptlaiii l»v Immersion. Theso wcro amply supplied from all suctions of tho Christian Church. To those lie lms iniula no reply, nor lms ho rIvcii any authorities esecpt his own for tho view he takes of the iiuestlun ; and I certainly should want n litlli! more scholarship nn'.l acour.ioy before 1 accept Ipso Dixit us Ilio omele. - Having nothing tu say to these authorities, he makes the statement th.it wo ui'iHt prove the llilile by Iho Hiblo and not bv uninspired writers. To this wo heartily agreed, nml showed from tho Bible that tho word b;.pti;:n, which moans Immorslon. Is tho one and only word em ployed to designate nnd dcscrlho tho ordi nance, of believer's hnptl.nl in tho New Tostnmont. Having to yield thin point no unavailable by tho Word of God, ho now, to nsenpo the diuloulty, ignores tho baptism by water nnd says tho only bap tism la that of tho Holy ' Clhost. l,ot in seo how such a statement agrees with ttie Word of Ootl. Turn to Matthow xxviih, 10 1 Oo yo thcreforo and teach all nations, baptising them in the name ot tho Father, Son, and Holy Ohoat, Our Lord never deputed disciples to bnptiso with tho Holy Ohost, therefore it must havo been water bnptlam. AeU li., IM l Thou Peter snld unto them, repent and bo baptised ovory ono of you in tho nauio of Jesus Christ, for tho remission of sins, nnd yo . shall roceivo tho Holy Ghost. Act« x., '(7 to -IB: Can any forbid water, that theso ?houbl not bc'haptlzed, which havo ro oolved tho Holy Ohost as well an wo ? Anil ho eommnnded them to bo baptized In tho namo of the Lord.— How diiTuruntlv John Wonloy looked at tho truth to what Ip«o Ulxlt ifoon. Seo Wcsloy'a notes on tho Now Testament on tho nbove. scrip turo. IIo doc« not say I ' They havo tho hnptiam of tho Hplrlt, thcrcto'rn they do not noo.l baptism with water. lint on tho contrary, if tli»y have received tho Sjiirlt, then hnptlso them with water. Hnw emlly is Iho quostlon decided, if wo lake tho Word of God far our rule. Either men hnvo rocelvod tho Holy Ghost or not. If they havo not, ropont 'saith Ood, and lio bnptisod, rind yo shnll rcoelvo tho Rift of tho Holy Qhoat. If thoy have, if tliey nro already baptised with tho Holy Ghoat, thon who can forbid water ?/' A word an to tho baptism of our Lord Jesus, I dcalro to apoal: of this with tho greatest rovorcnoo. It is ovldeut your correspond ent in not clear m to tho two dispensations. Tho mU-lim of John wm a national ono ; ho enmo to call THraol asapooploto repentance and to tho reooptlon of the coining MphhIiiIi | Jfntlhow III, Q. As Iho truo ' [Rvael ' ami In fullest ackiinwlndgiiiont of his voluntary Idontlliention of himself with his nation, Joaus, though personally sinless and need InRiiot repentance, auhiiiittud to John's hnptlsm, Hiiylnu thus It bocomoth ub to fid fll nil rinhti-miHiioaH (l.o. every Divine, re ipilromont). After Christ's romirn'otlon ho olaima Ids rlglitful pusltion ns Lord ; and It wii at HU oouimiMid that tho dUolplci . tho pspol and .vit'lins ninao a Hlalo .erbnin (Iho rfcmilib.ed i In bin (liTfli Te-I'imeiit .i.v'ls lh.lt Ipao lH\il must Imvn ,u'i-..v. l-'nr Iliillierluini In ner.v ,,m- I 'iiielitliineil Irilltxliitoi Hi' word Mai.li/.in-i inniierKioii. Let mo «lvf you the fidlowinKpriiiif levin I — Matthew iii., Ill, 'Then i-oiiielli ,Ie»us from (Inliloo to Jordnii unto ,l(il.n to ho Immorwed by him;' vci-sii I, ' now John would have liin.li- l-i'.l him, sinin« I hnvo need by 'Hire to he i ? „.,?.,,.,! ;' verse III, ' aiid Mni! im nie.sid.l.M.s stralRlilwn.v went up from the vvnler;' Malt, xwlil., HI, ' iliiieipln ve idlthenallnnslimiierslii!,' them Into the ii.iliH- i.f llit- I'alht-i- and of the Him nnd of the IIi.lv Uhiisl;' Ai'ts ii., M, 'They, Indec.l Ilieri-fore who welcomed His word wero liMiiierwili' Aeis vlll., I'i, ' Hut when they believed In 1'hilip, ilflivcriiiR Ibej.ivfui message. eoilcernlliR tin. KiiiR iloin .if (Kid and the inline of Jcalls Cliriat, they wi-rr being ill ? «.l. both men and wniucn;' Ac.IhIx., tH, 'and straightway fell I here from him. from hi* eyes, like miles i he recovered Mcllt lilso, nml tuia i,u; Miwiinine.mil.' Hid space |.enuit, 1 en'uld show l|-so Pixit tli.it in every in flunco where CliriHiian baptism lin ferred in, thnl liolherliam in bis lireekTeslainent translates tho wind l.iipllzn us Immersion. Xnw, n-i Ipso Hixil statw he has ennslilted liullicihnm's (link Testament, and bo a.-ins with himin his translation of tho ifreili word hnpll/o, in nil fairness lo mo and In IJotherham 1 nsli Ipse lUslt In (,-ive ehaplm- mid verso from Ills Clrcok Testa ment wheni the word hnpli/o, when; used in e, iillicet ion with Christian biiplliiii, is translated oilier than iiiinicr.-dim. I hope he will not answer this ipieslion liy ' U.1; In- me another.' K.iltlo this olio lirst. Thanki.iR von, Mr I-Mitor.- -Vunrs. etc., II. WOOD. South Huniic, Aug. II. 