The Damming Nation^ The New South Wales Parliament is stillin session, and it is now beyond doubt that the Commonwealth Bill will be remitted to the people in accordance with Mr Reid's proposal The South Australian Legislature is also considering the bill, and its adoption is certain. * * * Sir Edward Braddon addressed a ppbhc meeting at Hobart on Wednesday evening, and met with a cordial reception, Hszspoke strongly in favor of the bill as amended by the Premiers. • * • The debate on the federal situation ia the New South Wales Assembly has been almoBt oppressively mild. So far as we perceive, these are the worst of the things that Ptftmier Reid was called :— A parasite (on the federal cause). The man who ought to have been born dumb. The erstwhile tiger of free-trade. The man who fell among thieves... The maker of a hotch-potch. The dynamitard of free-trade. A weathercock. A cuckoo who never has a nest of hit own. A Pharisee. ^ The man who, had be been one- of the ApostleB, would, by comparison, have saved the character of Judus Iscariot A deserter from free- trade, and now a pronoanced protectionist These things stand for pleasantries in N. S. W. They are never intended to wound, and certainly couldn't wound the pachydermatous Reid, particularly as he abstained from bearing most of them, preferring to sit ia his own room while members talked. By the way there is a story to the effect that the corpse of an immense sea-monster was brought to Sydney during the progress of the-debate, the peculiarity of which ia that it has two heads, and therefore, it may be assumed, a capacity for varied as well as double utterance at one and the same time. Can this-thing have any connection with the ghost, of the Reid speeches? Yea—No. * * • a There will be three choice-picking under 'any form of Federation, the Premiership of the Commonwealth, the Chief Justiceship and the Agent-Generalship^. The first would probably be conferred upon Mr Barton as the leader ot the movement, for at the inauguration of an entirety new Parliament there could be no part? differences. The Chief Justiceship migljt go to South Aus tralia, as Chief Justice. Way is the senior judge of the colonies^and if Victoria is to have a share in she good things going she must provide the Ageat-General, who would really have to be an ambassador for United Australia. Sir George Turner is Baid to entertain designs upon this office. There will Brill remain positions with handsome emoluments attached after these larger offices have been filled. A President and Speaker, a Clerk of Parliaments, Clerk of the House of Representatives and assistant clerks, Sergeants-at-Arms and a staff of shorthand reporters have all to be provided. * • » Whilst Mr Dickson, tbe Slippery Sam o£ Australian politics and Kanaka employing Premier of Queensland, dodges the question of Federation in his election address, I&bor; Leader Glassey grapples with it boldly. • * • Mr Glassey, in his address to the electors of Bundaberg, saya :—" On the q£i£stion of Federation I.desire toexpresB myself with no uncertainty. I believe that Queensland has everything to gain and nothmg to. lose by uniting with the sister colonies to build up one strong and united comis.onwealth. It is a matter for regret that the vacillating policy of the present Government should have prevented Queensland from having a voice in framing the constitution of the future commonwealth ; and it is to be hoped that their new-born zeal will be more genuine than one might migni justly justly believe oeuown it to to oe be'when wnen jaagea judged by ny their past, attitude to the advance ot these ! rouug ccmmurutiea towards nationhood. d g e 