5 LITERATURE. -SARAH BERHHARDT AS HAMLET. (London Daily Telegraph.) Paris, May 14. ' 'La Tragique Histoire d'PIamlet, Prince de Danetnark,' adds yefc another fco Madame Sarah Bemhardt's long record of splendid successes. It would be useless to deny that the curtain rose before a nervously appre hensive as well as oagftrly expectant house last night. What would Sarah Bernhardt's Hamlet be like ? We all put the question inwardly, and some of us were afraid to reply. Madame Sarah Bernhardt appeared, and swept every doubt and apprehension away. Hamlet, bitter and ironical, stood before the King and hia mother, burat out querulously with, 'Seems, madam ! nay, it is ; I know not seems,' was letc chafing in helpless anguish to himself, and a hesitating house was taken by storm. Then came the ghost scene. Quiet and sceptical, Hamlet; stands talking witli Horatio, springs suddenly away from him, -and flings himself to his knees in awestruck agony before the spectre. This time Madame Bernhardt wrought emo tion to its highest pitch. In the play scone Madame Bernhardt perhaps put too feminine an eagerness into her attitude when she sprang up to watch the King, who was seated on a dais raised so high that Hamlet could only see him by standing up and peering over the edge of the balustrade in front. As far as stage business was concerned, the dramatic con fusion and impression of terror at the close of the scene were admirably rendered. The figure of Hamlet seizing a torch and rush ing exultingly about the singe was in tensely impressive. I hardly liked Madame Sara'i Bernhardt as well in the scene with the Queen, except at the end, when she pave a magnificent picture of the conflict of various overwhelming emotions. The grave-diggers' scene, like the soliloquy, was rather colour less, but Madame Sarah Bernhardt's Hamlet watching the burial afterwards, then realising whose silent and unhonoured funeral it is, springing forward, grappling with Laertes, and crying out that forty thousand brothers could not make up the sum of hie love, rose to the extremest height of tragedy. The last scene was almost, if not quite equally, as good. As a whole, Madame Sarah Earnhardt's creation of Hamlet is one of the most won derful of her achievements; Those who ex pected her to succeed in the part never ex pected her to achieve quite as much as she did last night. That towards 2 o'clock this morning, when the performance — which began before half-past 8 — came to an end, the house was beside itself with enthusiasm it is hardly necessary to add. Madame Sarah Bernhardt, who was recalled over and over again, while the theatre rang with applause and hats and sticks were wildly waved in the air, seemed overcome with emotion at the triumph she had achieved. 