Tod, of boot trunk tragedy notorioty, 1ms been' transferred to .Pent,ridge, but Madame Rndalyski still remains in the Melbourne traol undergoing treatment for an affection of the eyes. It is more than probable that the country traffic, will still continue to he brought into the Spencer-street railway station, Melbourne. The. official re ports favor this course with t.hn o:c coption only of the Gippsland trains. The proprietor of (in orchard at Pakenhnm, Gippsland, is forwarding 5 tons of apples daily to the metropolis. For certain rarities for export the enterprising owner is receiving the satisfactory price of 18s. per caso in England. On Wednesday night last a man named Swinton, residing at Footscruy, Melbourne, accidentally swallowed two false teeth attached to a vulcanite plate while asleep. Ho was removed to the Melbourne. Hospital, where an opera tion will bn performed as soon us practicable. A medical mnniin New Sotpih Wales has filed his schedule, and amongst tho assets,was an item of £800, tho result of a sale of. a collection of stamps through an English agent, .but which amount never reached t.ho stamp collecting medico. The agent has not been heard of since the salo of the philatelic collection. . The Rev. P. R. C. Umber, a retired Wesleyan minister, dropped dead at Kew, Melbourne, on Thursday night Inst, whilst proceeding homewards ac-' enmpanied by bis wife, after spending the evening with a friend. Thedeceased gentleman was 64 years of age, and for some time past has been under treatment for a heart nffection, ' William Wright, a cleric employed at the Chiltorn Valloy No. 2 mino, 1ms been arrested for atenling gold, the property of the companyTho accused admitted having sold over 58oz , and has handed over £300 tho result of tho sale. Wright was released on heavy bail. Tho mino in question in princi pally owned by’ Mr. J. A. Wallace, M.L.C. . The people of Albury are extremely wrathful at the action of the Now South Wales Legislative Council in so muti lating the Federal Enabling Bill. Even those who were opposed to the bill of 1S98 express their indignation at the arbitrary course adopted by that ir responsible body and it is proposed to call public meetings at various centres of population to test public feeling in the matter. It is proposed to seek Government authority for converting the Wurrugul hospital into a Benevolent Asylum for the aged poor. A. conference of muni cipal delegates in the vicinity tonic place last Thursday, when the proposal was warmly taken up and favorably discussed. The sanction of the hospi tal trustees has also been sought, but there the matter remains for tho pro A libel ease came before the Chief Justice, at Sydney, on Thursday last, when the jury gave a verdict for £35 against the Sydney Evening News for having applied certain statements to a witness in the Meaghor-Norton case, named Henry St. John Bell, hut who was entirely innocent of such utterances. From the evidence it appears that the error was purely a typographical one, Bell’s name being substituted inudver Gorumny offers, a remarkablo object losson to the world in tho way sho manages her forests. In that country about 11,000,000 acres of forest are owned by the State, and tho yearly rovenue is not less than £4,000,000, An exchange gives tjio following rather embarrassing ruply of a school boy in Philadelphia:—“What is an orphan asked tho toaoher. None of tho children seemed to know. “ Well, I’m an drphnn,” euid the teacher, ns not too plain a cluo. A hand poppod up, and the owner ox olaimed—“An orphan is a woman that wants to get marrio'd and While in America Mr. W. S. Gilbert was one evening at a fashionable function givou by a lady of the “ now rioh ” order, who posed .as a patron of music,; but who had not had time to educate herself. Sho watii foolish enough to “show off’’ before the English: oolobrity. “And what, is Bach ('Batch1 she oulled.it) doing now ?" sho said ; “is ho composing anything?” “No madam,” immedi ately replied Mr. Gilbert, without the ghost of a smile, “ No madam, Batch is just now decomposing l” The Bruthon correspondent of tho Ago says that last weak, at Mossifaoo, a married, woman was seenwalking towards tho Tambo River witJi two of her children, oneundor each arm 'agod. 4 and 6 years, and on reaching tho top of tho bridge sho aoomed about to throw thorn in when a young man- on tho bridgo interfered and prevented A new' alloy has boon discovered which is. Biiid to. bo a wonderful substitution for gold. It.oonsists Of ,0-1 parts of copper to G parts of antimony. Tlio.copporis molted, and tho antimony is added together, with a; littlo(mog nesiupi and carbonnto of lime to in orouao tho density. Tho producjtoan bo drawn, wrought, and soldered! liko tho precious metal, to wliioh it boars a striking resemblance when poli&hbd.; Tho cost of manufacture.is' about Is. . par lb. ■' 