TURF GOSSIP. By RIBBLEDEN. All FooIb' Day was not as pleasant as it might have* been—at least, not at Caulfield —the weather being the oddest mixture that the V.A.T.C. patrons have ever ex perienced. The morning was promising i enough, but, just before racing began it i was very close, and, the wind veering! round, the dust became so dense and black j that you couldn't see your hand behind your back! Then a showerrdeared-tiie at mosphere, and fineJW!^)tai^revmIed,bqt not for long, for/^flw^ra "the hors^^fiw^ going to the poBt/fjr/Che Epornn Handicap the rain came qowiT in wWOffiirapd, crown the eccentraiwlag, the day endgd-lnj a glorious burst with the A.J.C. Aut'tmfltiffiejjtjjjtt jit^ro gress, several familiar faces were "missing from the members' reserve, and the attend ance was only moderate; but the rain in no way affected the going, and the sport was first- class. The Bambra Trial Stakes was, on paper, a good thing for Detonator, and there was every justification for mak ing Mr. Rennison's fine colt favourite—a hot favourite, too—but, strange to say, he never once flattered his friends. Three fur longs from home he was runningj last, with the jockey in a statues- j que attitude; and, of course, when Barleycorn darted out at the turn, neither Detonator nor anything else had a pos sible chance, Barleycorn gaining his maiden victory , with ridiculous ease. It would be absurd to say that Detonator showed his true form; if he did, he is not worth a tenth part of the thousand guineas that were offered for him, and refused, not long ago. Of course, Barleycorn might have won in any circumstances. A horse that has not done much racing—he had only run three times previously—Barleycorn is bigger than most of Abercorn's stock, and as he will be benefited by the gallop, he may win the Goodwood Handicap for Mr. Leonard, whose colours have not been seen in front for years and years. Clamorous, a horse by Pirate's sire, Clamour, and trained by M. Carey, tried to win the Hurdle Race a la Iramoo, by leading from end to end, and would have succeeded but for Bell Metal, who, getting his measure at the last obstacle, played with him up to the winning-post. Bell Metal is a hard horse to train, but when well he can hold his own in moderate com pany. J.P. made no show, nor did Parra keet; but both are capable of better things. Consequent upon her runaway victory at lorn, Kulwyne was a strong order for iaster Handicap, but a mile saw the d \>f her tether, and Sedge, gradually wjrft-ging down Veneda, won a tidy for his party, which, judging Le volley of uncomplimentary epithets 'ed at it by the mellifluous flatites, does not enjoy a large measure of popularity. But the racing public is proverbially fickle, j It was certainly a shock, after running last at Sandown-park the previous Saturday, to find Sedge fighting out a ding-dong finish like this. According to some of the Sydney siders, Sedge is the equal of Watercolour, and, assuming that to be correct, it needed no ghost to come from the grave to tell us that Sedge was a "moral certainty." But why Sedge should have been so immoral as to run last one day and first another passeth understanding. Veneda ran good race—the best he has run for a long time—and it seemed as if Sedge's stable companion, Goodman, might have been a bit nearer had the jockey so desired; but j what was the use of spoiling a good thing? When odds of 6 to 4 were offered against | Butler for the Steeplechase punters rushed the bookmakers, as they will some day rush the gates of Paradise; but the book makers lasted the longer, and their persis tency was rewarded, for just when Butler j looked all over a winner he made a faulty jump, and lost the race to Eumeralla, who j until a few weeks ago occupied a box i Butler's stable. Compulsion got bad fall at the last fence, and, having broken the near hind leg, bullet from a trooper's revolver put an end to his existence. Com-! pulsion was a half-brother to Manazona— but what a difference between the two horses! The two-year-old race was a pecu liar handicap, there being but a stone be tween the best and the worst. Atbara, a Carnage colt in Mr. P. T. Heywood's stable, came with a great reputation, and was made a hot favourite; but he met more than his match in Isola, who practically made all the running. The winner is a full sister to Waraka, by Malua from Cypriote, by St. George (brother to Chester) from Id&lia;, by Canibuscan, and is a beautifully turned filly. Mr. R. G. Talbot gave 400 guineas for sale 1 last year. V3fethSt.-Mr ■ -Talbot jmns her now or ncdf IMon't know, but tKb was on j the coursl, «hhving|kfca»» |»«n Tasmania to recruit wmjvheal farl from robuBtyjlte*i_ n aomf. Faith! 'hung'.' justasi«s f^jidniington, i otherwise she woTHtl'Tiare Been nearer to the winner, as she showed plenty of pace | in the early part,of the race. Atbara ran rather, green, b.ut he is sure to see a i better day. llfracombeand Dunwell (the former a. stable companion of Sedge's) mo nopolised the* attention of backers in the Glen Eira Welter Handicap, but neither was able to obtain a place, the winner turn ing up in Kooning, whose victory to the majority of bookmakers meant "a skin ner," Mr. F. F. Dakin would no doubt get lime consolation from the victory of Vigor ub in the Doittsaster Handicap, but he Duld not get much, since the colt wasban icapped 171b. lighter at Bandwick than t Flepiington. Mr. John Daley, the iJ.C. hanjlicspper, said to me during the V.R.C. Autumn - Meeting: "I won't say; that Vigorous is a good horse, but I shall be much mistaken if the future does not show that he is a better horse than his form in Victoria would suggest"—or words to that effect. And the, . result attests to Mr. Daley's insight. As I hare said, Vigorous was much better treated in the Doncaster Han dicap than in the Newmarket Handi cap. For instance, he was. handicapped to meet Cabin Boy on 231b. better terms, Hop scotch on f21b. better terms, North British on 20lb. better terms, Symmetry on 161b. better terms, Alemene on 111b. better terms, Diffidence on 10lb. better terms, Dozon on 131b. better terms, and Delusive on lllb. better terms than in the New market Handicap; so that there was no thing wonderful in the performance. By. Abercorn from Lady Vivian, by Strath conan from Lady Augusta, by Stockwell, Vigorous comes from the same strain that produced Volley and Vivian, but his per formances have been uneven. Only a few. weeks ago, when heavily backed, he ran absolutely last in the City Handicap at Newcastle. Subsequently he won a race at Rosehill—the first since he beat Cocos, Hainault, &c.;, at "Flemington in the spring of 1897. His downfall in the Oakleigh Plate is well remembered by hundreds of disappointed backers. By running second Hopscotch showed that he still retainB his pace, and Symmetry's prominence indi cates that she will run well in the Good wood Handicap. Delightful weather was vouchsafed for holiday-makers on Easter Monday, and those who preferred Williamstown to other pleasure resorts bad an enjoyable time amid the merry sunshine. It was a happy thought on the part of the secretary to have the Onkaparinga and Randwick results posted punctually and prominently, and Mr. Sut ton may be assured that his foresight in this regard was appreciated, if~ some of the results weren't. The fields were not large, but some of the races produced good contests. After his bold showing at Caul field, the Hurdle Race seemed a good thing for Clamorous, and, as a matter of fact, the result was hardly ever in doubt, Clamorous leading all the way. Clamorous hails from Riverina, where he has car ried heavy weights to victory, but I do not think that he is anything out of the com* mon. Like Clamorous, Veneda was backed on bis Caulfield running to win the Easter Plate, but thi6 time the form turned out unreliable, as he was never really dangerous, Alva gaining a well-deserved victory for Sir. J. N. M'Arthur, who, I am afraid, does not take the personal interest in the pastime that he ought to take. It is seldom that he sees his horses run. For the Beach Handicap a strong favourite was found in Goodman, and although he had all the worst of the run ning, having to come wide on the outside at the home turn, he confirmed my pre viously-expressed opinioprtbufr Ufr, ought to have been nearer^tV bjs*st&Jjle; pcahpanion Sedge at Caull^ff.'by winning *esjguy\from Model, who^hoWever. did not,un kti^Jght. Had she don# So, shpi ^fgptHave^uaae a better fight W^t. But like mosf^ffi/Car biue's stuck, on the application rtmhstand ing her failure on the previous Saturday at Caulfield, Ilfracombe was again entrusted with the stable confidence in the Easter Purse, but once more she ran disappoint ingly, failing to get a place. Blunderer made most of the running, but, as usual, faded away when he ought to have been going strongest, and allowed Monitor (who was a bit shaky in the betting) to carry off the prize. Autocrat was expected to nearly win, but he was out of his element— like a fish out of water. Collendina, as at Moonee Valley, met with but. weak opposi tion in the Jumpers' Flat Race, and Nep tune again showed his liking for the course by the sea by winning the Federal Stakes. Another success has to be chronicled in connection with the Onkaparinga Racing Club. The weather, if dull, was favourable to the enterprise; the attendance and the sport were alike first class; and the- record sum of £24,578 found its way through the totalisator. All this cannot but be grati fying to Mr. von Doussa, who has held the reins of mauagement for 22 years. Mr. von Doussa boasts that more money is given away at Onkaparinga on Easter Mon day than is offered at any other country meeting in Australia, and talks enthusias tically about the time—not far distant, per haps—when the Great Eastern Steeple chase will be worth two thousand pounds. Mozeltov! Whatever Mr. von Doussa set? himself to do, you can bet your boots that he will accomplish it. The Victorian con tingent did not sweep the board, but it com ported itself well, the victories of Paul Pry, and Domino amply compensating for the failures of Iramoo, Carbinier, Tagus, &c.; Iramoo was not far on his way in the Hurdle Race when he blundered and lost his rider, and Allahditta wrested the prize from the moderate but consistent Barton by a neck, Tagus finishing dose up. If I mistake not, Allahditta was bred by Mr. J, M'Caugbey, at Toorale (where Merioolad and Gnullo first saw the light), and is by; Pacific (son of-Relpie) from Norah (1875), by Fireworks *from -Sunshine, by Maribyr nong from Night&ght;, by Arehy. ■ Allah ditta was foaled in 18&0, and was sold to "Ike" Earnshaw as § yearling for guineas. I don't tbttdpaMlahditta ever ra& in New Sopth; jwm several races in Victoria preyious to bis crowning achievement at Onkaparinga. ^ \ Crozier had three horses engaged in Onkaparinga Cup,' and he started the e fleet, but failed to secure even a situa Paul Pry, notwithstanding his 9sL 131b., proved too good for the company, and won easily, thus stoning for his narrow de feat by Gnullo 12 months ago. Evidently Sir Rupert Clarke is in lack's way. Happy Jack was the favourite for the Great Eastern Steej>!etbate, but while the horses bad still another round of the course to run Jiarr pulled his mount up, in the evi dent belief that the race was over—a mis take that probably cost him the race, as Ifappv Jack was sailing along with 20 lengths to the good at the time. How Barr will rue hi* error! In the circumstances Domino might have been lucky in win ning; but it was a good performance to carry such a weight over such a course, and etam;* Mr. Russell's horse "one of the best.'' IJomiDO won one race last season —bis only appearance in public—but this season he has won seven times, his winnings in stakes amounting to nearly two thousand pounds. N.Z. paid travelling expenses by gaining third place, but Tremolo, who is usually a safe conveyance, fell; and the Messrs. Manifold's representative, 3fysore, was prevented from taking part in the race through his having met with an accident while schooling at Oakbank, Ifr. Herbert Power has had no luck since he won the ilaribyrnong Plate and the Oaks with Etra-Weeuie, and therefore Diffidence's lifiidence's victory-~ii\ 4he .Sydney Cup is veil ciejjprvecf; and J' dpiffk-. think anyone will begtjtt^fC'a turn to' tit£ trtiner, James WbVm "/be younger,,who wS®ri|>t a special favopijtf: of ^l^y fltowuryfV / Diffidence is ni^reMike a rat thap^a^ryCehor.-e, but she is'- weU>l7p^,-«rH^^yJdep<ly kuows how to use h^Ut^fL. UjjfSdgnce ran badly in the I loneejaerBandica p, but she was inter fered with—a bump or two would easily knock the little *un out—and did not show her true form. The filly had probably been well tried at Chipping Norton, as she bad plenty of backers in Melbourne— backers who were well primed with infor mation from reliable, sources. Diffidence had only won one face previously—a nur aery lumdicap at Ficniington, and on that occasion she was in receipt of 3st. from Cordite. 31 r. Power won the Sydney Cup 20 years ago with Savanaka, who was a son of Sappho, the maternal ancestor of Diffi dence. J he credit of breeding the winner belongs to Mr. George Lee, who also bred fciavdiiaka and Sappho, tco. The Maribymong meeting was associated with dull hut agreeable weather. Au Rcvoir won the Trial Handicap clcveriy from Dorothy, but on returning to scale there was an objection on the ground that Au Jievoir was not the horse he was repre sented to be, and also that he had won more than £30. The stewards' inquiry was adjourned until 31onday week. J.l\ was ridden a peculiar race in the Hurdle Race, but Laeh having broken down, the Tas manian "got there all the same." J.F. was sold by his breeder for 11 guineas, and until quite recently be was drawing Dr. Wilson about in bis buggy in Launecston. Airiock had an easy task in the Seagull Handicap, and another Tasmanian in .Shan non won the Jumpers' Mat Race. New port easily secured the Welter Handicap from Independent—both sons of New master; and Contrast, very leniently treated, won the April Handicap. 