NUVU.iKAHCOURSING CLUB The second meeting of the Numurkah Coursing Club commenced on Wednesday morning. The weather was verr fo/fgy, mid in that respect somewhat unfavornhle, hares keeping close under cover, 11 ml evincing an unwillingness to leave their warm corners. In the afternoon close on 300 people were present. It was found impossible to ran the final off on Wednesday, and the meeting was adjourned until yesterday morning, Tin- day was excellent, hares were plentiful, and taken altogether it was an id fill day's coursing. Evidently the meets in Numurkah are earning fast into repute, a? dogs were present from M"yhn, Murchison and other distant places. The win hy Mr. Hartshorn's • f ^ was an especially popular one. The following are the results :— line Ol.p lU'l'K WHISKY STAKES. IV i Unlimited Number of All-ages at l'is each, with 3 sovs adrted by the club, anil one ease of "Old Bute Wliisky," the eift of Messrs Ferguson, i.iyior and Co, Melbourne. FIRST WOUND. M i > <ilnan's Spot beat J W. Harts- !>< >rn » Snowdrift easily. (i Powlev s Oddfellow beat W. ,T. t >-!..' dstune's (Juoits without difficulty. A Lease's Mis Lordship beat G. nicy's Fair May, the latter never tjnir in the run. !. P nvlcv's Badger beat F. Chamber- \- Ilevday by a point, after a very •restinc course. Murphv" The Fairy beat W. M: • • v'> This Licks 'Em, the latter iv-ver scoring, •1 W. Hartshorn's Bide-a-Wee beat • McCarthy's Countess after a very 1 • mrun. M. Colgan's Darkie beat J. Borthwi k's Limnu'r, tin 1 latter only getting "!)•' wrench. C. W. Morrissy's Faith II beat Jno. Davies's Bloom quite comfortably. Iv. Allen's Nigger a bye. NNST TIES. Oddfellow beat Spot—two to one. Badger beat His Lordship without allowing him to score. Bide-a-Wee beat The Fairy after a no g>\ The slips broke, and Bide-a-Wee got away with them, subsequently beating The Fairy by three to two, although he fell twice. Faith beat Nigger easily. SKCOND tiks. Bide-a-Wee beat Oddfellow, never allowing him in. Badger beat Darkie after a good course. Faith a bye. THIRD TIES. Faith II beat Badger after a very lucky course, Badger heading, turning, and then falling. Ft SAL COCRSE. •I. W. Hartshorn's blk d. Bide-a-Wee —The Ghost—Fly—beat C. W. Morrissy's (ji.s.) Iilk and w b. Faith II— Novelist—Daisy Bell. After a very g">d course Faith fell, spoiling her chance. 