The Secret of Monks wood Waste. . , CHAPTER XVII, | . the widow opens the battle. On that rainy night, while Charley Lcmox drove tho tenant of the Retreat through the darkness, the olegant widow had sailed away to her room, her silken splendour trailing behind her, always serpentine in its glimmer ing twists, her jewels sparkling, her ribbons fluttering. She. kissed Miss, Chudleigh on the uppor landing, and gayly bid her ' Good- night, and, pleasant dreamtf^' as she swept into her own room. Perhaps the agreeable widow had her charitable wish, for Gwendolin's dreams were apt to be pleasant, with the angelic faces of the cornets and ensigns from Speckhaven beaming luminous through tho rosy clouds of sleep. But her own dreams, waking and sloopingj woro not pleasant, Sho sunk down into a chair, a miracle of amber satin and downy puffiness, and the smiles, and the radiance, and the happy brightness dropped away from face and eyes, like a mask, and loft a dark, brooding, caroworn countenance iu their stead. She elevated her slim, archod foot, clad in the daintiest of liigh'-haolod. bottines, upon the steel fonder, and frowned thoughtfully into the fire. For all tho rooms at Chudleigh ChaBe wore vast, and apt to bo chilly, and Mrs. Ingram was aB fond of warmth and light as a tropical bird. So, these August evenings, 'a wood-firo glowed in tho grate, and rendorod superfluous tho wax tapers burning on tho dressing- table. Long after all the household were at rest, long after Mr. Angus Macgrogor, her bug bear, was sleeping tho sleop of tho jnst, Miss Chudleigh's governess sat there, with that darkly frowning face, staring at the rod coals. 'Who is this man?' sho thought — 'this mysterious Hermit or Monkswood iiotroat, who knows mo, and who knows that pthor impostor calling himself Cyril Trovanion ? Can it be — could it bo, in spite of all, the real Cyril Trevauion, alive and in the flesh ?' Tho next moment sho could have laughed aloud at her own folly in. oven supposing such an impossibility. ........ ' Cyril Trovanion sloops his last sloop under tlio mighty Pacific. On this earth ho will troublo us no moro. This Macgrogor may havo known him, may have seen my portrait. But what can ho really do P 'He cannot have mo tried again for that deed dono nineteen years ago iu Leamington Wood. A stolid British jury sat on that boforo, and ton pig headed juryraon brought in a verdict of not guilty. And exoopt that once I never loft myself ameuablo to tho majesty of tho law. No, I may safely defy this Mr. Angus Mac . gregor, 1 tliiulc, in spito of his knowlodgo — and ho can't bo positive as to my identity. He may toll tho baronot all ho knows that I am an improper porson — a murderess' — sho shuddered slightly at tho word — 'the intriguante who entrapped Cyril Trovanion into marriage — a wicked, worthless adventuress. But will tho baronet believe tho monstrous tale ? Cyril Trovanion is 'horo. Let him ask Cyril Trovanion if I am tho droadful . croaturo he marriod so many years ago. 1 will dony all, ? and Cyril Trovanion will dony all, and I defy tho clever author to produce proofs. Perhaps, also, ho may say tho Cyril Trevauion of the present is not tho Cyril of tho past ; and in that caBO, I fancy Sir Ruport himsolf will bo tho first to sot him down a madman. Supposo I take tho initiative, and ooncoot somo.olovor story for tlio baronet to-morrow P I havo staked all upon the last throw of tlio dico, and ?I am willing to abido tlio issue. I will never go back to tho old lifo — to that horrible region whoro all tho women aro false as thoir paintod , faces, and all the men aro knaves and brutos. I will bo Lady Chndlojgh in spito of fato and jSingns Macgrogor !' .-. ' Sho arose at last— it was past throo by hor watch. Tho firo had smouldered out— tho wax 'lights oast flickering, fantastic shadows^ upon .the dusk onk paneliug, and tho window \sliiverod with a sonso of chill, Sho walked ovor to tho toili't- table, and began to ramovo hor jewels and laces, looking angrily at tho pallid, luiggnrd faoo her mirror showod hor. ' What a failed wrotoh I look !' who thought. .'And if I loso rny boauty what havo I left P In a fow yoors 1 will bo an old woman — old, ugly, wrinkled, and — gr.oat Hoavon ! what, will bpconio of mo.thon P' Mrs. Ingram disrobod, and loaving all tho 'candles burning, wont to bod. It was yoars ,and yoars— so , long, sho shuddorod at tho droary rotrospoob— sinoo sho had darod to sleep in tho dark. , For a .dead man's faoo roso up in tho spectral' gloom — pnlo, motiaoing, terriblo — to hnunt hor rdmorsoOul dreams. 'Sho noBtlod down among tho yielding pillows, ?to-night, with an uuuttorablo sonso of woari hohh and miso.ry, and awful dread o£ tho futuro. ' '1 begin to boliovo that sad old Arabian proverb,' sho thought, bitterly, ?' Man is bottor sitting than standing, lying down than sitting, .. .doad than lying down? ' Tho break t'liHfc hour waa lato at Cliudloigh Olmso, and Sir Ruport's guest mot Sh; Ruport ,:«t that nmtiiml meal with a faoo aa bright and 1 -.Qlundliura as Iho sunlit August sky. Tho white oushinoro robo, with its chorry-.colourod trimmings, corded about tlio slondor waist, Boomed ovon moro boeoming thau tliomany 'hued silks and moiriSa sho donned in tho 'evenings, It wns a iola-a- tcto breakfast tins '.xriorimig. MShb ' Cliudloigh lmd boon up and off for a braozy morning gallop ovor tho cold on Suhhox downs, long boforo father or ,go vornoBB thought 'of oponing thoir oyoa. 'And how db you like my friend, Macgregor?' the baronet asked, putting the very question the widow was wishing to hear ; 'very clever fellow, Macgregor, though he does support the most farfetched theories and deny the most palpable facts. Very brilliant conversationalist, isn't he ?' -The widow raised her dimpled, sloping shoulders, and arched the slender black brows. ' Dear Sir Rupert, will you think me the dullest of heretics and recusants if ' I say I don't like Mr. Macgregor? And will you per mit me to ask you a few questions concerning him?' 'A whole Pinnock's Catechism, if your choose, madam.' . ' Then, did you eyer know Mr. Macgregor before he appeared in Speckhaven, two or three months ago ?' ' No.' ' Was he presented by any friends of yours, or did you pick him up, as Sairey Gamp would say, promiscuous' ?' ' I picked him up promiscuous. I saw ho was a most intelligent and agreeable fellow, and intelligent and agreeable fellows don't hang on every bush, like blackberries. A gentleman can tell another gentleman when ho meets him, oven although thero be no third party on hand to repeat tlie invariable formula, ' Sir Rupert Chudleigh, allow, me — my estimable friend, .Mr, AnguB Macgregor, celebrated -traveller, l; distinguished author, etc., ore. - wo, mra. j.ugrnm,i picitou cue hormit of tho Retreat up, and a very delightful and social hermit I find him.' ' Yea,' Mrs. Ingram said, quietly; Mr. Macgregor, as lie chooses to call himself, is a vory pleasant companion, and yet — ' 'And yet — you 'damn him with faint praise,' my dear lady. And ho ' chooses to call himself Macgrogor,' does ho ? . Pray, what thon ought he call himself, and what on earth do. you know of tho man, . Mrs. Ingram ?' ' Sir Rupert,' tho lady, said, earnestly, ' I recognised Colonel Trovanion's tenant last night as a person I mot in Vienna many years ago. A man — -it sounds incredible, I fear, but it is true — a man sane on all points but pno — mad on that. In short, a monomaniac. It was during my husband's lifetime ; business had takon him to . Vienna. I accompanied him, and ono night, at some Bocial assembly, I mot this man. I really forgot tho name ho bore then, but it certainly was not Macgrogor. His monomania was well understood among his Viennese friends— it was in mistaking identities. For iustanco he would meet you and bo suddenly struck with tho idea tliatyou resembled some person ho had Boon bofore. Ho would brood over tho idea a little; and finally insist that you were the person. I heard many most laughablo anecdotes of his hallucination at first, but it camo home to mo unpleasantly when ho insisted that I was a Mademoiselle Rose ? something, a . ballet-dancer ho had known in England. ? Last night,' at first, I hardly know him; that vast beard alters him- greatly; but when ho mounted hfa old hobby-horse aud told mo I was like that — I forgot what ho called her — and Colonel Trevauion- the vory imago of a galley-slave in Toulon — I remembered. him at on, co. It sounds Btraijgo, I admit, but it is positively true; tho man, sand and intelligent, and talented ip ovory other way, is mad on this subject. And yet,' It is not so very ' re markable, either. Physicians ' narrate moro marvellous cases of mania ovory day.' The widow paused. Hnd she not had so much at stake, alio could havo laughed^ out right at tlio baronet's fuco. Blank bewilder ment, incredulous surprise, denso dismay, woro writtou irresistibly in his astonishod features and wide-opon oyeB. ' My dear Mrs. Ingram ! Good hoavons ! What an oxtraordirfary doularation ! Mac grogor mad 1 The man that can handle every topic of tho day, from tlio destinies of nations to. the colouring of ono of Etty'a flimsiest sketoheB ; the man who can beat mo in an argument — yes, I own it, who can beat mo at choss and 6cnrt6, vingt- et-un and whist ; tho man who writes tho most readable books of the poiiod, who — Mad ! My dear Mrs. Ingram; you'll excuse mo, but that is all nonsense!' ? 'Vory woll, Sir Ruport,' tho widow said, perfectly unruifled. ' I don't want to shako your faith in your friond. Boliovo him sane aa long as lid, will allow you. I am vory willing! Only if tho mania does show, if. ho doos insist upon mistaking mo for all manner of improper and unpleasant persons. I look to you for protection. Porbaps I am silly, but I really don't liko to bo told I am tho living image of ' a woman so vicious and unprincipled that' lio would not lot hor caress a dog ho cherished.' Ho said as much laBt night, you remember. And I don't think Colonel TrovatVic'M folt flattorod whon told ho bo vividly rosombled tho galley-alavo at Toulon.' ' Again that, look of perplexity and dismay overspread the baronot's faoo. ' Gad !'. ho said, ' you'ro right ; it canH bo Iploaaant ; and it's rather odd of Macgregor, I allow ; .yet, na to being mad, my dear Mrs. Ingram, it's impossible for mo to credit that.'.' Mrs. Ingram bowed; ' ' As you ploaso, Sir Rupbrt. Wo will wait and boo. Do you ' wish mo to answer thoso' lottors for you ' you spoke of yesterday P' ' If you will ' bo so very good,' tho baronot murmured, plaintively. ' Tho wretohod state of my health, my-r — , ' Dear Sir. Rupert, I know. It ia a ploasuro, I aseuro.youj . and doaroat Gwendohuo'a loa sone can wait. .. Why should you fatigue your Bolf writing, whon I am evor. dolightod to anvo you tho .troublo P And if you fool iiiolinod to listen* I will, finish .that treatise o£ Hol baoli 'b I commenced yesterday.' Mrs. JJngram know as woll na Sir Ruport himBolf that thoro was nothing on onrth tho mattor with him, 'except chronio laziness ; but it suitod hor 'book very woll to make hor solf indiaponaablo ; and whon thoy adjourned to tho library, sho was tondorly aolioitoua on tho subjoot of draughts, and wheeled up his .cosiest ' of oasy- ohnira, and nrrangod hia footstool, and drapod tho curtains toshado tho light, as a mothor miglit havo dono by a ' dying child. And tho protty faoo lookod ho swbotly concerned, and tho long, blaolc oyoa Ho toudor and dowy, and tho poi'fumod hair bruahod his hand, aB tho handaomo lioad bont ovor 'her taaka,' that— oh, calm-boating pulaoa ' of aixty-fl ve I no wondor you quiblcouod to tho apood of a trip-hammer. Perhaps Thaokoray wna right, aftor all, in ;hia saroaatio remark, that ' Tho woman who knowa hor power ' may marry. Whom Shu Liicrh ' Tho capitals aro hia own, So Mrs. Ingram sat down before the baronet, looking liko somo exquisite cabinet picture, wrote his letters and. £padta filoud, while tho hot August morning wojrp jpppind' the birds sung in tho green darkness of the mighty oaks and beeches, ftnd- the bees boomed drowsily in rose and lily-cup. In r.ho spring a young man's fancy. Lightly turna to thoughts of love, says Mr, Tennyson ; and in tho sultry heat of August, a lazy, beauty-admiring old man, with nothing elso to do, and a pretty' woman ever before, may turn liis fancy lightly in tho direction, too. Certain it is that Sir* Ruport kissed the widow's hand, with a glow on his thin, high-bred face rarely seen thore, as she arose to go. r' ' I know you want your noonday nap, and I have finished M, Holbaoh,' .sho said, gaily. ' I shall go in search of my runaway pupil now, and give hor her music lesson. Fare well.' And then the elegant little lady sailed awav, and Sir Rupert closed his eyes and lay back in placid ectasy. . . , , , . ; ' That woman is a jewel ; I appreciate her more and more every- day. . iWliat a pretty little, soft voico sho has ! And thoso wonder ful eyes — soft, luminous, melting. ' And her smiles' mako ono think , of the Mussulman's houris — ' not mado-rJ of liclay, ? butr of purte ?musk.' And, sho novor bangs a door, and she never bores one whon one doeBn't want her, and her manners are perfect, and she is past mistress of tho high art of dress, and her singing is enchanting, and — in short, I hopo she won't tako it into hor head to ' better herself by getting married, or any nonsense of that sort, for somo years to como. I wish that noodle, Trovanion, would ceaso liuntiug her down, and marrying his cousin, as ho ought to do.' Mrs. Ingram conscientiously sought out Gwendoline and dragged her to tho piano, and held hor captive there for two mortal hours. Thon it was luncheon-timo, and directly after luncheon, Miss Chudleigh was marched off to French and drawing, bitterly against her will. It was past fonr, and tho afternoon was droop ing low, before the governoss consented to liberate hpr wretched sorf. She stood alone in the school-room, among maps and blackboards and writing.dosks and scattered books, aftor Gwendoline had rushed frantically away, leaning against the marble chimnoy- pieco, with .that greyish look ef worn pallor that always overspread hor face whon alone. Tho broad road may bo strewn with roses at first sight ; but when we oonio to tread it, wo find tho thorns pierce through tho roso leaves sharply ? enough. Standing thero, Mrs. Ingram looked wearied o.f life, of the world and all therein. ' When will it all ond?' sho wondorod, dreamily; 'or am I to goon forever liko this — stretched on tho rack ? Will rost nover come in this world, or must I wait for it until they lay mo yondor in the'chnrch-yard P' Tho door opened ; a servant ontored. Mrs. Ingram lifted up her head and wan, haggard face. ? ' . ' What ie it, Mary?' slid askod, listlossly. ' Colonel;Trovanion, ma'am. He is in tho white drawing-rpom, in .which he says ho wants to soe you', 'ma'am, most particular.' ' Very well : I will go down.' . The girl disappeared, soliloquizing, as sho doBcended to tho'lowor regions V — ' They calls hor 'andsomo, thoy does — master and tho gontlomen of Speckhaven. I wish thoy could seo hor nmu. If I was to paint and powder aud dre^s up like sho does, thoy might oall mo 'andsomo, too. Sho looks forty years old this minute!' | Mrs. Ingrain walked ovor to the glass. Gwendoline kept a mirror in tho school- room to refresh 'herself, amid her dry-as-dnst studies, by an occasional poop at hor own rosy face. ' I look liko a wrotch,' tho widow thought — ' old and haggard and hollow-eyed. Very woll : I'll go down as 1 am ; it may help to curo thia idiot of hiB iusano passion. Ho can do mo good service as a tool ; ho is only a nuisanoo as a lover, 'I shall oomo to a final j Understanding with him, and have dono with J it.'' Sho doseondod to the white drawing-room, ' ono of a long and splendid suite, and found Cyril Trovanion pacing to and fi'o with his usual moody face, while ho waited, Ho stopped as Bho ontored, staving at hor palo, worn look, ' You havo been ill — you are ill,' ho said, in alarm ;' you are looking wretchedly. In Heaven's name what is the mattor P' Mrs. Ingram sunk down in tho white velvet doptlis of a fautetdl, aud mado an im pdtiont movement of hor slondor hand. 'Thoro is nothing tho 'matter — .you soe mo as I am, that is all. If my wretched looks disouohant you, I shall bo obliged to thom — for onoe.' Cyril Trovanion pot hia tooth, his dark face growing darker with angor. 'You aro moroiloas,'. ho said. 'I loyo you, and this ia how you moot mo. I oamo horo to-day to aalc you to be.my wifo.' Mra. Ingram laughod — a laugh of indo soribablo soorn. , ? 'Much oblig'od. I ought to feel' flattorod, I suppose j bnt really I can't aay that I do. You want a .wife, do you P and you, want to marry mo, on tho prinoiplo that what won't koop ono will koop two. What do !you pro poso, Mr. Cyril Trovanion P Will wo go to Monkswood, among tho rats and tho ghosts, and subsist on tho momory of tho family aplondour gone by, and tho bounty of our rich friends P, Or shall wo sot up a public-house, liko ono's maid and valet, and oall it tlio 'Trovanion Arms,' with you 'hail follow well mot' amidst all tho downs in tho county, aud I, in a cap and ribbona, making myaolf fasoi nating behind n groaay bar, dealing oiit gin and wator P My doar Colonol Trovanion, I know your intolloot from tho firBt to bo hono of tho strongest ; liut, upon my word I novor thought you would fall- to suoh a dopth of idiocy aa thia, muoh loss propoao it to mo,' . Sho lookod up in hia, faoo, fully and boldly with insoloi.it dofiaiioo, And tho craven soul within tho mail mado his oyos fall, ovon whilo ho ground out aupproasod blasphomioa botwoou liia tooth. 'Liaton to. mo, Cyril Trovanion,' tlio widow aaid in an altoi'od tono, ' and. don't bo a fool, and don't bo angry. I do not lovo you, aa you 'very woll know ; yot, if tho woalth that : haa gono to Sybil Lomox woro yours, I would marry you- to-morrow. !Buti it ia bora boyond redemption, and you | and I oau novor bo moro to oaoli othor than ' frionda, Your friond I am vory williugto bo, i if yon take my advice and act wisely, I » know yon! Don't mako any enemy of me. Yon havo one already, and a dangerous one. in that man Macgregor,' I , ' Curse him ! yea.' 5 ' He saw you at Toulon, Do you remem ber bim?' ? ^ 'No — that is — do you mean to say you be ?lieve me to bo the convict he spoke of last night ?' ! 'Colonel Trovanion, don't bluster— it is ever tbe sign of a coward. Yes, I do. You are that escaped convict, and you bear tho .brand on your arm, or shoulder, or some where, if you only liked to display it, You | aro an.impostor and an escaped convict, Will you tell mo what you aro besides?' 'No! I shall not !' 'Just aa yon pleaso, I'll find out myself, then. Shall I tell you what you aro ? Stoop down - walls havo ears.' Thoro waB an unpleasant tightness about „tho protty mouth, an unpleasant steady glitter ?in tho black eyes. Ono little hand grasped ? o nrvu u, itsiiurf ana aro w ijiim down. Ho bont his head, and eho whispered half a dozen words — no moro — in his oar. But they sont him recoiling, with a tremendous oath. 'Who told you p' he cried, hoarsely, 'Are you a female devil, or what ?' , 'Something very liko it,' replied tho widow, with a hard littlo laugh. ' And you thought to outwit me? Now, shall wo bo friends or bnomies ?' He stood glaring down upon her for a moment, with that lurid, maniacal light in his oyes that Charley Lemox had onco before remarked. ' You are mistress,' he said, in tho samo hoarso way. ' What do you want j' ' Only your good and my own. I want you to marry your cousin Sybil and her splen did dowry, and I want — see how frank I can bo ? — I want to marry Sir Rupert Cliudloigh myself.' Cyril Trovanion broko into a harsh discor dant laugli. ' Sybil Lomox is a lady ; sho won't marry n}0. And Sir Ruport Chudleigh is a gentle man ; ho won't marry you. Baronets don't marry' thoir daughters' governesses, except in a lady's novel.' 'How rudo you aro !' Mrs. Ingram mur mured reproachfully, ' Baronets don't es pouse govornocses, as a rule, I admit ; but I am no ordinary governoss, neither am I treated as such ; and this particular baronot will marry mo. And I atn going to bo tho mbst charitable of Lady Bonntifuls — a mothor to tho poor for miles around, and a step mother to that dreadful romp, Gwendoline. Yes, Colonel Trovanion, I am destined to bo Lady Cliudloigh, aud I will move hoavon and oaVfch to soe you tho happy husband of our queenly Sybil.' ' What tho deueo do you want mo to marry her for p' tho gentleman aBked, relapsing into his habitual sulkiness. ' What is it to you ?' ' ' It is a great deal to me. Don't you know I hate her. Cyril Trovanion starod. Tho ovil glitter was very bright now in tlio black eyes, tho evil smilo dancing on tho thin lips. 'Yes I hatohor,' Mrs. Ingram said, airily, ' as( only ono woman can hate another. You want to know why, do you? Woll, tako a woman's reason : I hate lior because I hato her, Sho is youngor than I am, handsomer than 'I am; richer; than. I am — pnror, bottor, Tia^'ifff-lE^fiT'giBu'''''AH'd'l' liKfe' a'flhS ?' hates me.' ' And because you hate her, you want to soe hor my wifo P' ' Exactly, I need hardly ask better i'e vongo. If sho marrios you, it will not bo you — tho man — sho marrios. It will be hor own ideal, Cyril Trovanion, whom she has loved from childhood, who lies doad at tho bottom of tho Southern Sea. By tho byo, is it in disputably cortain that he is dead P' ' Would I venturo horo olso ? I tell you I saw the ship mysolf burn to tho water's edge, and - ovory soul on board perish with hor. j Tlio 'Eastern Light' wont. to tho bottom two years ago, and Cyril Trovanion among tho | rest.' [ ' Then you aro quito safo, in spito of Angus | Macgrogor. If ho doubts your identity, they j will set him down a madman. Now, you soo, thoro is no alternative. You oan't marry mo ; you must marry Sybil, tho heiress. And whon sho is your wife, and yon havo hor for tune within your grasp, toll hor who you aro, and oomo to mo for your reward.' ' A.tid you P' Tho widow laughod — a mocking peal.' ' Oh, I will go with you, thon, and wo will livd in splendour oh tho spoil — that is, if Sir Rupert will bo obstinate, and won't mako mo ' my lady I' Now wo uiideratand each other. Oboy, and I will bo your friond ; rofuso, and I will bo tho first to tear your mask off, and show , you to tho world aa an impostor— a base-born wrotoh— an escaped galloy 'slavo! Shall we say adieu for tho proRontP It is timo to dross for dinner. N6t boing Lady Cliudloigh as yet, I really can not tako it upon mysolf to invito you to Btajr. And if I could, I wouldn't. Sir Rupert is jealous, poor dear!' ? Sho laughod again aa sho roso — a ewoot little laugh — and held out her white hand. ' My dear Colonol, pray don't look quito bo much liko a death's-head and crosfl-bonos ? That flippant Gwendoline calla you ' Tho Kniglin of tlio Woful Countonanbo,' and roally you dosorvo it. Don't try to win tlio hand aomo hoirosB with that moody faoo. Try to look amiable, if you oan. It's juat aa easy, and over so miioh ploasahter.' I-Io oauglit tho hand sho hold out in agraap that made lio'r winco. ; . ' And this ia tho ond P 1 Thoro ia no hopo P I must oboy you, or— — ' ' PloaBo lot go my hand; you aro .cmaliing it to atoms, Yos, you must aboy mo, or— - Wo won't finish, for you will obey.' ' And if Sybil Trovanion rofuaos to marry mo P' ' Tlio widow ahruggod hor sloping shoulders, and moved to tho door. ? ? 1 'Look to 'yourself, then I Poor, woak lioart ! don't you know Shakoapoaro yot P '''I'lio liinn that hntli a (onyuu, I any is no man, If with that toup!uo ho O'tn nob win a womun I' Faro woll for tho prosoiit. Whon you havo proposed, and sho has noooptod, oomo baok, and lot mo bo tho Brut to congratulate you.' Tho words woro strangely liko tho farewell words of old Hoator, , Sho waB gono, with hor soft, eliding atop and insolent Bmilo, whilo yot alio apoko, and tho darkly monaoing glauoo, tho look of bafllod lovo, of bitter hato combined, whioh Cyril Trovanion oast aftor lior, was all uuHoan. It might havo warned hor, if on tho dangorous road alio waa tread ing thoro had boon any turning baok, (To ba continued,) ! v '?? ? ' 