BENEVOLENT ASYLUM: 1 5 SOME UNPLEASANT.- FACTS:. "''r ;WARDEnS'S (CONCLUDED' FRO0 LAST' WEEK.) FURTER , On " there "is seen the in evitable ' oldest inhabitant,! a sturdy old fellow who has been an inmate for forty years,; a fully qualified doctor of medicine, who `now, strange irony, needs doctoring ; an heir to'an earldom,' whose weary 'waiting for his" °ekasper ating relative's .demise?' has, at .last landed him" here amongst the "common herd,'" with whori :he' fraternises with good-natured patronage'; a ;paralysed late composer ofa leadin'g ?Melbourne daily; whose :youthful countenance appe'ars ,incongruous amoiigst tte 'sea of grey hair and furrowed cheeks; and scattered indiscriminately blind people, people on cru;ches, people witlh sticks; people in hand carriages, people- bent' almost double, and :peopleof many nationalities. - - - Amongst the inmates there .are at present twenty Chinamen;, and' the attendants have nothing but :good to say of these mush- abused aliens. They. are civil, sober, steady anhd, obliging, and in proportion to. th'eir 'number, their denomination has paid more to the institution than any other.. 'I am shown an ancient dame of the tender age~ of sixty-five, .who -was recently guilty of such :a shameful and unmaidenly ithing as an ellopement <I imarvel muchly at the infoirmation, and hail the fair' delinquent. as a striking. attestation of the immortality of -love and romance in the, genus homyd A short time ago this blushing, damnse left the: protecting cloisters of' the asylum -in company with an ardent lover- of. seventy-two. Oiut in the wicked world this ancient Romeo took his Juliet to the altar, and for a few months the' happy couple spent. an ecstatic honeymoon in the wilds, of Melbourne city. Bdt ere long they. drifted . back to the scene of their former single blessed ness, the ancient swain to die but a few days later (whether he had'. been henpecked to death I know niot) the little less ancient dame to don the becoming ':weeds of '.widowhood, and cast around for another doughty partner in the struggle of life. : I am. shown. the= workshops, the cooks' quarters, and the reading rooms. In the latter are stored the books for the blind people, and a; blind workmani is busily I" printing," 'with a' specially constructed instrument, in the peculiar raised ' typography which looks not unlike 'ancient' cunieform inscriptions; new. pages for the delectation of the unfortunates. I am then taken roundtbo the re fractory wards,' and regret' it, much. There are four.rooins, bare and cheer less to the :last degree. They are all alike, so I shall, speak of the one that at present contains an inmate.: The room is scarcely ten feet square. A hard' iron bedstead in one corner, a table about two feet square, a low stool and. a : tin-l. parnikin .comprise the 'ftiriiiture."i Here is incarcerated an old' fellow of over seventy, who had entered his prison over, two months ago, and since then has been religiously locked and barred, night and day, from his fellows. ' His "crime " was slight mental derangement, which, with' the unspeakable horror of his two' months' absolute + solitary -confinemient,:' 'has haturally developed into unmistakable madness.. He sees no person ; from morning till night, except the attendant who fetches his meals, after which he is bolted and barred in until the next day. 'The poor old fellow;' Old Archie," 'he .is called-is in a most pitiable con dition. ` 'He spends his time in dili gently' arranging "adn re-arranging his bed-clothes, under-' the .belief ' that "somnebody is comin' for 'em.": ;Whilst there I was 'regaled with the edifying spectacle of: a meal supiplied to him. What- was..it AU Surely ;something special to a creature ii such deplorable straitsi more fit for a sick-ward; than prison, as it undoubtedly is.` A nicely poached egg, mayhap, with a drink of somne necessary stinmulant: Or' a' daintily grilled chlop, o.dr even a cut of juicy ? steak. ';:Not unlikely' articles, surely, for this benevolence deserving .creature of a benevolent asylum.: No ! nothing but, a thick: hunch 'of haird, dry, 'bread '(nothingfupon it) aid- a' pannikin of wuishy-looking tea. I was soriry that I saw the :sight of. the manner' in 'which the poor wretch absolutelyrushed at his dry crust, and munched it ravenously as a starving cur, for I shall not soon forget it.-" It WasiPitiably ' sad !\ ' ^ And now a word orso as to the meals.- Plain .porridge, bread,; and a pint oftea for morning breakfast. For the evehing meal; ~isame very. day, .dry bread and a 'pint of tea only. - Nothing upon the bread; except that:the strong hulkiig fellows ao enabled y- their wvges to' purchiase' butter, jam, and like delicacies, whilst the 'poor old fellows who are too far gone to work, and for whom the institute is especially provided, look enviously on, the while toothlessly munching their dry bread. Why not employ the £150 per annum paid to the inmate workers in buying butter for the bread I The noon dinner is dlifferent;"upoh every day, yet ever of a most stinted menu. Soup, or meat and potatoes, either one or the other. Plain- boiled rice is all they ever know of the delights' of puddings. Every Wed nesday the old folks are treated to what they facetiously term "pea-soup and free salvation."-pea-soup for mid-day dinner, and the Salvation Army in the afternoon. No grace before meals is said. The hungry watchers stand at door and window until a bell rings, when without any attempt at order or discipline they rush in, pell-mell and- eager, and attack their prison like fare. .They leave as they arrive, any way anud every way, just as it pleases them, and confusion, instead of absolute order, reigns supreme. The women receive the same fare as the men. The language used by many of the male inmates is very bad and is not at all .suppressed, spite of notices pro hibiting it. I"..was truly a pitiable sight to see! I stood and watched them as they entered the great dining-hall, with its long tables each containing two bare rows of dry bread and battered tin pannikins of tea. In they cnme! white heads and grey heads; some stooped almost double; blind feeling their way with sticks; shuffling, stumbling, gasping, with not a young face among them all. It seemed to me like a procession of ghosts; and so it was,-the ghosts of an empty and worthless past, worthless since it has but brought them to this unutterably horrible present.' There are few happy *Since my visit this inmte has been released frees his "riaen-cell.". faces here, even- contented, and one ponders painfully over the fate of these hopeless, wretched world-wrecks *when life and-the world are at last behind, and eternity is before them. It would, I much fear me, require a .veritable second coming to inculcate religion into many-most-of these long-frozen hearts. The deaths average two per week. The staff is in a 'state of supreme discord and dissatisfaction. I am told by my informant, who, I will go so far as .to say, is himself an ancient in mate, that a certain attendant works ninety-six hours per. week.. That means sixteen hours per. day. -We saw an eight-hours' pageant in the city the other day.. The male and " female "hands are domiciled intwhat is ternmed the." glory hole," the two sekes being prevented from .indulging '-in any. felicitous romance by the intervention of a large, prosaic, ,matter of ffact' dining-room. The cook 'is a' faithful disciple of the immortal Orpheus almost moving stones and the like to tears' with lthe power of his dulcet harmony, . though, only succeeding ,in moving. his r exasperated fellows to curses, they unanimously voting him -a decided :nuisance. The employees' salaries have been reduced twice, not-, withstanding: that in- other: similar? institutions they have recently 'been -considerably increased. ' An ex travagantflower garden is being con-' structed before the .building, whilst around the back, where the eye seeth iiot, the place is a starving wilderness, save for an occasiuoal bilious- looking: cabbhage-plant -Ithat has;-- evidently: adapted' itself :to" its surroundiigs'; imagining itself done with the world, and nothing left to live for. ";. It is sonmewhat striking that a regulation clothing is 'refused, as it would savour too much of a workhouse. Is 'it not one already.. There are irimates receiving money and supplies equivalent to over one pound-- per. week. The much talked-of old .age pensions would allow every old person ten shillings per week until his or her demise. The poor old life-wrecks, the. rightful inmates of, a benevolent: in stitution, would then profit, and we could do without our Malevolent=-I mean Benevolent-Asylum. .. :I could tell much more-far. more serious-but' foi 'ertain authoritative reasons :my pen is prohibited, but surely I have 'told' enough to satisfy the "casual passer-by that, the grand building he sees in North' Melbourne is in many. respects a whited~sepulchre. 