WRITERS IN THE WEEKLIES. He was a Wimmera farmer (says Woo mera), who always had a few sheep to shear, and had just got the account sales of Jus annual clip. He was running over the items:—‘“Carnage, so'much that’s all right. ‘Insurance and chargessos that. ‘Taro’—now what the dickens is ‘tare? I know—them norters down at the station has been toarin’ the wool bales. An’ isn’t itliard enough for a poor cockio to make a struggle against the drought and the wild dogs and the rabbite without them rapscallions teorin’ all his wool bales. I’ll write teethe commissioner and complain about it.” Ho wrote, and sent the accounts in „ proof of his complaint, yet received no satisfaction. These are the official slights that make it really hard for the farmer. She was a country excursionist on Princes Bridge Station on.her way out to a suburban friend, mid aho was puzzled by the absence of shouting, ticket nippingandlockingdoors, such as sho had been used to. She was pal pably nervous in the train. “Does this train go to Malvern?” she said to a gentleman who got in. “Yea," ho answered, and dis appeared behind the paper. She looked doubtfully at liiiu, and n porter then passing, sho tapped'the window onl asketl aim.. “Yes’m,” said tho porter, and passed on. The curtness disturbed her. Then o lady got in; ' mid the inquirer’s face brightened. Again the question was asked, and the lady, who had a Jot of parcels and looked worried, just nodded and sat down. This disturbed’ the visitor more than ever. Presently sho Said, “Oh, there’s the station master,” and hopping briskly out of the carriage she ran up and asked him. Just then the guard blow his whistle, and tho train moved off. “Does this train go to Malvern?” she ras ped. “No, madam,” said the station master politely, “it’s gone.”—Leader. I (Boyot) heard a fair to middling ghost story tho other day. A lady, in the shires, had boon out limiting, and coming homo very tired and cold, lay down on the hearthrug in front of the dining-room fire, and fell asleep. Presently sho woke, and in the flickering light saw what looked like two white pouter pigeons Aliasing each other jnoiselcsly round tho table. Slip deter mined when they came near enough to seize them. At last her chance arrived, and aho found she had grabbed tho calves of the footman, busily engaged in laying tho table. Ho hod been moving os noiselessly as possible in order not to wake hU mis tress. Oora Paul has not 1 ecn able to satisfy tho British diplomats as to his future con duct towards tho Outlanders, and it may bo necessary for that Scotch regiment of ours to go along and hurry up constitutional reforms in tho Transvaal after alL A recent remark of Kruger’s now going the rounds of tho English papers shows that Punch hit tho mark in suggesting the .Scottish regi ment as tho proper men for the service. “It's not tho English who worry me,” said Kruger, “it’s tho Scotch. Thero’d never have been any Outland difficulty if it had not boon for tho Scotchmen. A Scotchman would rather go without anything than his political rights.” Which is very like tho opinion of a prominent American—“The first tiling an Englishman wants when ho strikes Ame rica is an hotel; tho first thing an Irishman wants is a unifoxin ; tho first tiling ft Scotch man wants is a vote —then ho takes the rest.” A Sydney member was wandering through northern Bivorina talking at largo about tho injuries done to Now South Wales by tho Federal Bill. His favorite theme was (says “Atticus” in tho Loader) tho idea that the Sydney democracy, wiould bo overborne by tho slavish votes of tho other colonies. He had a quiet meeting in tho township, but going to the hotel, hisi guide whispered, “Keep quiet at tho hotel. They are all Victorians there,” and he very wisely did so. Driving across country tho next day ho pulled up at the station, and, at an im promptu meeting in tho wool shod, ho pro ved to the men that tho manhood suffrage of Now South Walea had ‘been bartered away, “chiefly because of tho machinations of the Victorian delegation at tho conven tion.” During tho address tho men glan ced quizzically at tho Boss, who was in tho chair; and tho speaker thought ho was scoring. Of course, tho Boss asked him to stay to lunch. “They seem to have been a pretty bad lot, those Victorians,” he jfoid. “Bad and then the orator broke loose again. “If you only knew them !” ho finished. “Yes ” said tho Bops. “I know one. Ho owns this station. The member left Eiverina tho next day; and ho does not expect a big voto “against Victoria” from there on Tuesday, Nathalia just at present is envied by all Melbourne girls, who have been mourning for years (says Boyot in Ways of the World) tho decline of dancing and scarcity of lanc ing men. Nathalia is favored in another direction. Im addition to a wealth of men, who dance all night till th broad daylight, and get homo just two lengths ahead of the milkman in tho morning, -.'lie 1ms within her boiuidaries numberless males Attractive and wealthy enough to bo stalked os hus bands by the young and beautiful, and ma ture and handsome Nathalieans. The grand old clergyman has so boomed his town that all female eyes are longingly turned to wards it. If it wore nob for the high rail way fares Nathalia would be rushed. Per haps Mr- Mathieson can see his way to run a series of Goulbum Valley “dancing trains” at cheap fares. Something sh.ml I 'certainly bo done to help Melbourne girls lo a fair share of those Nathalia husbands and those charming social gatherings. “Tho street sweepers are tho very es sence of tho British race !” This was the tail end of a socialistic outburst of oratory with which a Trades Hall speaker spurred his audience into an outburst of uncontrolled enthusiasm a few nights ago. Ho failed S-s Punch) to explain tho moaning at icd to “essence” on this occasion—this he loft to tho imagination of Ills hearers; or, more probable stall, to their sense of smell. Tho street sweepers should bo paid highoi than tho doctors, ho argued, with nil the logical dash of a man who never heard of Jcvon o'r of Whatoloy. “The doctors can only cure disease; those men prevent it, 1 he exclaimed triumphantly and with the air of a man propounding an unknown theory. “If prevention be bettor than cure,” ho continued, with the easy and flip pant flow to which quotation lends itself, “then should .the street sweeper bo paid higher than tho medical man.” After the successful sophist delivered himself of this threadbare aphorism ho sat down, impressed with tho consciousness that if tho doctor docs nob play second fiddle to tho sca venger in tho near future, ho (tho speaker) had at least done his duty loyally hv his friends and constituents. All his oratory , was, however, wasted, for it is an axiomatic truth that tho street sweepers are "too often the better paid. Tho irrigation boom in Victoria was lar gely a matter of emotion—emotion of many kinds. All tlirough tho preliminary steps thoro was ono Irishman in one particular district who hold out against it. “Tho wea ther is very good—very good, iiulndo ; bub we’ll bo ■ payin’ for it maybe troo tho noso wan day. ’ Ho never weakened in that view uiltil tho irrigation party in Par liament caino up to tho opening,of tho now reservoir, and the secretary pore muled him to attend. It was a great night, tho fun was fast and furious, the hampers vast and well stocked, and members of both sides of tho House sang comic songs. Tho last soon of tho stubborn anbi-irricatiouist was on the top of a stump, with a bottle of whisky in ono hand and tv glass in tho other, “Shore I nivvor thought much of irrygabion nnny ways,ho said ; “but now I’m a firm oc loiver in it.” H3s conversion was complete. They had appealed to his emotions.”—Aus tralasian. During tho continuance of the cos’. strike in the Ithonddo district .tho death rate lias boon'10 to 11 per 1000, against 21 when the work was in full swing. Tho medicinal offi cer says this is dub to tho fact that thoro is no money to spend upon drink. It is probaljly unknown to most prohibi tionists that tho king of the little coral island of Funafuti causes a prohibitive law against intoxicating liquors to bo strictly earned out, Tho following story shows this to be tho fact;—When Professor Soils?, of Ox ford University, visited tho island a short time ago with H.M.S. Penguin,, for geologi cal investigation, ho and his companions were most cordially received by tho'inhabi tants and Jreated with tho utmost Kindness. It so happened'that ho offered ono native a glnss.’or boor, and although it was 10 p.m. and pitch dark, tlio man first carefully looked out for tho police (throo men armed wiili knives), but although no member of the forco was to bo found near, ho refused, say ing, Forty dollars for drinking boor. 