A Life for a Secret. CHAPTER XXVI— {Continued). ' I must have dreamed it, yet how plain it seemed — all that excitement — those Eteps and -voices coming and going as in a panic !' Bhe thought, dreamily, still, just as Miss Betty bounced in, exclaiming : ' Hurry, my dear and get on your travelling things. The breakfast is waiting, and the carriage is ready to take us to the train, and Mrs. Winthrop is up and dressed with her eyes as red as if she had been np all night. I do wonder between you and me, Lucy, if fto can havo been crying for the Major's going !' ' Why, nonsense, of course not, Cousin Betty. Pray don't take such silly notions !' Lucy cried, impatiently, as she hurried on her things, and followed the spinster down to the early breakfast. Then Lucy could not help seeing that Mrs. Winthrop and her daughters too, were pale and grave and tearful, looking as if indeed they had never slept all night. Bnt the myBtery was soon explained by tho gravely cordial hostess. ' Yon have all heard me speak of my son Donald, who has been abroad a year,' she said, pausing a moment, and continuing : ' You will be very glad to learn that he returned quite suddenly last night very soon after all retired to their rooms.' The major and Miss Betty offered hearty congratulations, and Lucy's heart began to beat with a strange joy — sympathy, sho thought, for these dear friends who had yearned so fondly for the absent son and brother. ' I hope I shall get a little peep at him tefore I go, just to see if he looks as much like my own Ally as ho does in his pictures,' \- she thought, eagerly, to herself, but the wish was proved vain the next moment, for Mrs. V7inthrop continued, with deep dejection : 'But our rejoicing is turned into sorrow by the fact that Donald came back to us ill and broken, the mournful shadow of the handsome, robust Donald that went away; a sorrowful wreck, poor boy, falling down in a deep swoon from our clasping arms. We got him to bed and summoned a physician as soon' aB possible, aud up to this hour he has lain in a stupor that terrifies us — never moving or speaking, and his great, wide- open eyes recognize no one.' She tried to stifllo hor sobs, proud, calm woman as she was, but wheu Lucy impulsively clasped her in her arms Bhe bent her face ? down on the golden head and gave passionate vent to the pain of her heart — the sorrow, tho remorse — bo that presently all wore grieving together. ' If we could do any good by staying,' the major began, but she shook her head. ^ 'I would not detain you in this house of mourning. .The physician thinks we must have the most absolute quiet and the best nursing. He thinks it perhaps an aggravated case of nervous prostration, but we will be so glf-d of your sympathy and your prayers, sobbed the unhappy mother, as sho pressed his hand in farewell. The major was not given to praying much, 'but rather to profanity — yet her words touched his heart so deeply that he registered a vow to reform, and sent a petition straight away heavenward that God would raise up the -widow's son from his bed of illness to be hor comfort and pride again. The farewells wero soon over, and they entered the carriage, Winnie clinging to the last moment to Lucy, whispering in her ear that she must not forgot her promise to como to Charm's wedding that winter — thon tho carriage whirled them away from tho house ' o£ sorrow whore Donald Winthrop lay ill and unconscious, but girdled round with lo\;e and sympathy. 'I would gladly havo stayed and nursed him, poor young man, but I knew his mothor ?would rather stay by him herself, her heart seems so sot on him !' observed Miss Betty, and though Lucy said never a word, she felt a strange wrenching of tho heart with every mile that took her farther and farther away from Sky Lodge and tho unseen Donald 'Winthrop. CHAPTER XXVII. T II E MISSING W.OKD. But the shadow of illness hanging darkly over Sky Lodge had a silver lining to tho cloud in their joy over tho wanderer's return. The . mother's heart, alternating betweon love and joy and sorrow, yearned over her boy aB he lay upon his bed, so palo and changed from tho bonny, handsome Donald ?who had gono away. Thin to the verge of emaciation, palo as a ghost, his curly locks of thick brown hair clipped closo to his woll-Bhaped head, whilo his beautiful hollow dark eyes gazed around ?with a fixed, unseeing stare, ho was a sight to break a loving mother's heart. Her eldest born, tho secret prido of hor fond heart, how could she ever bear it if tho light of his young lifo wero going out into tho darkness of death ! Persons who take passage bome by tbe Messageries Maritimes (French Mail) boats travel through France, and see largo cities of that country at no extra cost.' English interpreters meet tho passen gers Bt Marseilles, and give thom evey assistance in landing and passing their luggago through the Cue tome, eto. Last night when everyone else had retired she had been sitting . alono at her window, thinking of him, longing for his return, when suddenly she had seen his form staggering in at the gate — his own, dear form, too familiar, too well beloved for her to be mistaken. Starting np with a throbbing heart, and a stifled cry of joy, sho rushed from tbe room j down the hail and stairs, tearing open tho I door just as his first timid knock sounded on [ it, holding out her arms. j ' Welcome, Donald, mv son !' ' Mother !' he cried, and clasped her in his arms. ' At last ! At last ! Ob, my beloved boy, I have waited and watched for you so long !' she sobbed fondly and her tears and kisses rained together on his cold face. 'Dear mother!' he faltered weakly and she felt his arms slipping from her as ho suddenly fell Bwooriing at hei' feet, dazed sho thought by the shock of joy at their glad reunion. She knelt down by him in wild alarm. ' Donald ! Donald !' Tho noise brought attentive servants rush ing to tho scene and Charm and Winnie wero quickly called, but all their efforts failed to restore Donald Winthrop to consciousness. He was borne tenderly to a room, placed in bed, and a physician summoned. So Lucy had not dreamed of the steps and voices in the hall last night. It was a reality, not a fitful dream. A physician came within the hour, and only by his efforts was tho young man revived — then only to life, not any consciousness of his surroundings. For over twenty-four hours he lay thus with life just lingering in his weak frame, and every moment they feared might be his last. Then came a favourable change. Tho patient rallied under tho unremitting efforts that were made for his restoration. The deadly pallor of his skin assumed a more healthful tint, his breathing grew stronger, his weary eyes that had stared around with so death- like a glaze, cloBed gently, and. ho : slept as calmly as a little child — a long saving sleep that seemed to snatch him back from the borders of eternity. Ah, the happiness that came to the anxious watchers by his bed when he opened his heavy eyes at last with the light of reason shining in them ! ' Mother !' he cried, gladly. ' My son, my darling son !' she answered, bending to clasp him in her fond embrace. Then she heard a little sentence whispered in her ear : ' Can you forgive ?' ' Can you ?' she faltered, and they looked at each other with eyes that held nothing but love and kindness for each other, all the past bitterness burned a\vay by sorrow. Then it came Charm's and Winnie's turn to kiss and weep over him until their mother reminded them most gently that he was too weak to bear much excitement. 'Yes, I cannot talk to you all as I would yet, for I am very weak, I have been — ill — and in trouble — for a long time, and the effort to get homo exhausted me. ' I must beg that none of you will ask me any questions until I am stronger and able to recur to the past,' the invalid faltered between little pauses for breath. But thoy were ready to promise him any thing now in their joy at getting him homo again. Let the past remain a sealed book if he chose. To their delight instead of falling into aa illness as they feared he began .to rally from that hour, slowly getting the better of what the physician pronounced a mild case of ner vous prostration. Meanwhile Winnie had received a letter from Lucy dated from Niagara Falls. ' Instead of going straight home as I ex pected, here we are sight-seeing,' she wrote. ' Papa and Cousin Betty have determined not to go home for two weeks yet. We shall be here several days yet, and they are planning for stop-overs in New York, Washington, and Philadelphia. Well, 'I am rather enjoying it, though there is a pain at my heart whon I think of you, dear Winnie, and your trouble over your sick- brother. Do write me at once how ho is getting on, we are all so anxious to know. Although I never met him, still I take a deep interest in him, you know, for the sake of that wonderful likeness to my loved and lost. His picture is a great comfort to mo!' It was just five days since Donald had come home, and sho was reading her letter in the room where he lay on the sofa wrapped in a comfortabie dressing gown, enjoying the devoted attentions of his women folk. ' Your letter mustbe very absorbing, dear,' lie said, watching the animated expression of her face. She looked at him with a smile, replying : ' It is from the loveliest girl in the world, Don, and if you could see her but once you would lose your heartxorever !' ' Really ?' ho answered, with so very doubtful an expression that Winnie rushed into such an animated description of her friend she quite carried him away by hor eloquence. - ' And you say sho went away just after my return. What a pi ty we did not meet l' ho laughed, lightly. . ' Oh, you needn't be so sarcastic, Don, Lucy Hallam is indeed a girl worth 'meeting !' she cried, eagerly. ' Lucy Hallam ! Did you say Lucy Hal-' lam ?' he cried, and his lips grew pale and trembled, while his head sank heavily back on the silked pillow. ' Oh, I have talked to you too. much' in my enthusiasm over my darling Lucy ! I hare wearied you, forgive me, dear,' she cried, hastily' bringing a glass of wine to restore him. Ho sippod a little, and. the colour came back to his face, he smiled faintly, and an swered : ' I am weak, but you do not weary me. I lovo to hear you chatter about your beautifnl friend. Go on. Tell me moro.' Winnie obeyed and tho subject was so fascinating to her that she loft nothing untold down to Lucy's fainting at tho sight of his portrait, and tho carrying away of his photograph. 'And I will read yon her letter. .She would not mind, I know !' exclaimed Winnie, taking this dear ono into her confidenco and reading Lucy's letter aloud. And aa we havo read the first part over hor shoulder, reader, wo will listen with Don ald Winthrop to tho last half, which we shall find even more interesting. ' And Winnie, dear, thero is a great kind noss you cau do for mo. Do you remember the telegram papa received from home and toro into fragments, scattering thom over tho face of the cliff ? Laugh at my curiosity if you will, but after everyone went in, I searched for the scraps of paper, and brought them away with me, piecing them carefully together to find out if papa was keeping any secret from me. ' Alas, after I had accomplished this task with infinite pains and difficulty, I found ont that one little scrap had escaped me — one precious bit of paper with a single word on it that certainly holds the key to the whole situation. ? ' I am wild with anxiety, for I feel that something important is being kept back from me, but of what use to ask papa and Cousin Betty? They would only evade the truth and deceive me again. I wish now, Winnie, that I had confided my whole sad story to you, but I dare not trust it on paper. Dear friend, I beg, entreat you, search the face of the cliff for the bit of paper I failed to secure and send it to me ! The telegram as I have it pieced together reads this way : ' ' The ? prevented by escape of pris oner last night.' You see how all-important is that missing word. Por God's sake find it for your loving Lucy.' CHAPTER XXVIII. 'WHERE IGNORANCE IS BLISS.' By day or night — in weal or woe This heart no longer free, Must bear the love it cannot show And- silent ache for thee. Winnie folded up the letter, and turned to her brother. ' Is not that very strange,- Don.' ' Very strange,' he replied. ' I think I ought to go and search for the missing word, don't you ?' ' Yes, dear, but be very careful not to fall over the cliff.' ' Shall I send mamma or Charm to sit with you?' . ' No, I will doze a . while, and dream of your irresistible Lucy.' The lovely, dark-haired girl came to him and fondled his pale, thin cheek with her loving hand. ' You are teasing me !' she cried, with sweet good nature, adding, gaily : ' But all the same your heart will be in danger when you meet my pretty chum at Charm's wedding !' 'Forewarned is forearmed!' ho replied, lightly, as he raised his face for her sisterly caress. Thon she went out, and Donald Winthrop's handsome head fell back on the pillow, his eyes closed, and his lips twitched with a spasm of pain. ' He was thinking of the lovely heroine of his sister's story. His thoughts ran in this wise : ' Imagination readily supplies to me the missiiig word that is causing pretty Lucy such terrible anxiety, and the question arises wero it not better to keep her in ignorance of a truth that her careful father has never permitted her to know ? Since it seems that the prisoner has escaped, what need that she should know the missing word ? To what dreadful imprudence might not her fond heart lead her if she guessed the real facts !' He sighed, opened his eyes, and mur mured : ' It is not likely Winnie can succeed at this late date in finding the last scrap of paper. Heaven grant that it may have blown far be yond her reach. In such a case as this tho most tormenting mystery must be less painful than tho cruel truth. But may Heaven help her, poor little girl, and may my picture con tinue to give her comfort !' Ho waited with painful anxiety for Winnie's return, and at length she came in smiling, her eyes beaming, her cheeks flushed, her curly brown hair blown into tho most enchanting ripples by the autumn gale. ' Oh, what a tussle I had with the winds !' she cried ; ' but I had great good luck ! I r found two moro pieces of tho telegram, and they spell tho missing word. Look, Don !' She Bpread out the two tiny scraps of paper and fittod them together on the back of a book whore tho two fragments formed one horrible word : ' Hanging ? ' He grew pale as death, and it' seemed to him as if his sister staging so close by his side must hear the startled beating of his heart. Involuntarily ho raised his hand aud pressed it to his throat. Bat Winnie was bo excited over her dis covery sho took no notice of his palpable emotion, and continued, eagerly: ' Lucy was quite right. The missing word was really the koy to tho whole sentence, and how delighted Bhe will bo to get it. See how perfectly it forms tho whole sentence : 'The— hanging — prevented — by — escape — of — prisoner — last — night.' Slowly, carefully, sho told of each word, unconscious of tho excitemont it caused her brother, hor mind so full of Lucy she could think of nothing else. And sho began to explain things to herself, saying out aloud : N ' Major Hallam did not wish her to seo this bocause since hor illness sho cannot bear any excitement, he says. Why, she was not even permitted to read the aowspapers, Miss i Betty always carefully keeping them out of her sight, saying they contained shocking things that would givo Lucy bad dreams.' ' Aye — bad dreams indeed !' Donald mut tered, under his breath. Then he looked up suddenly at Winnio, adding, aloud : ^ ' How tender they aro over the poor litilo girl ! Sho must indeed bo nervous and easily unsettled. It cannot bo right to go against her father's wishes by sending her that scrap of paper.' ' Donald !' amazedly.- I mean just what I say,' ho answerod firmly. ' How can^ you tell, Winnie, not knowing all tho circumstances,, just what effect that whole telegram might have upon your gentle little friend ? Take my advice. Do not send it.' « ' Oh, Don, how cruel that would be ! And she depends on my friendship.' ' The truest friendship might be in with holding the missing word.' _ The tears started into her eyes, she was so disappointed that sho could not gratify Lucy. But she had always held her elder brother as the epitome of all wisdom. And ho talked so confidently, he advised so firmly, she could not trust ' herself to go against his wish. 'But what can I write to Lucy now ?' she murmured. ' Write evasively, after keeping her in sus pense a few days, that you will search for the paper as soon as yon can find tho oppor tunity of leaving your sick brothsr's bedside, and add that the quest will be hopeless, you fear, by reason of the high winds that must have scattered it long ago.' Winnio sobbed with disappointment a mo ment or two, then yielded a reluctant assent to his wish. Then Donald put away the bits of paper very carefully, and said : ' I will keep them for you, Winnie, and you may believe my darling sister, that I appreciate this proof of your confidence more than I can say, and will never cease to love you for it. I assure you, too, that I have the deepest sympathy for your sweet friend, Lucy, and look forward to knowing her with the greatest pleasure !' When Donald took that earnest tone he could do anything with the gentle Winnie, who was like wax in his hands when he chose to exert his influence. So she cheerfully deferred to his wish, and delayed writing to the impatient Lucy till several days elapsed. Then she only gave the promise to look for the paper when convenient, though almost certain, sho added, that ere this the high autumn gales must havo . blown it away. But it nearly broke Winnie's tender heart to so disappoint her friend, and she muttered petulantly to herself : ' I wish 1 had not confided in Don, then I need- not havo disappointed darling Lucy !' (To be continued.') 