,- NEWS AND A NOTES. - At the conclusion of the business of the Ds ndcnont cinurt of. petty sessions on Tues day,-the Chairman of the "Iench, Col. T. Bl. Hutton made a short address on the action of our contemporary, the "'Advertiser." and ourselves, in publishinga letter signed "Ju.s titia," commenting on the conduct in two special cases, where youths were manacled. as the writer thought, unnecessarily, and otherwise unduly treated, by the police. In his opinion the writer of the letter adopted a cowardly and unmanly course of writ.ng a letter to the press, and hiding his identity behind a nom de plume. If the party felt aggrieved at the action of the police he should in have laid a complaint before the Commis sioner of police, and have the matter dealt with by a board of inquiry. When " Jus titia" reads these remarks. le doubtless will form his own conclusions as to the wiodom Sor otherwise of taking advantage of the he liberty of the subject and writing under a M nom do plume or not, as he thinks fit. As for ourselves, in, publishing the letter, we Ssaw nothing unfair in it and so let' it gio Most of our celebrated writers at times have \- hidden their identity, and a glimpse through m thedgilies will show that the practise is an y every-day one. Eminent counsel gave his opinion that there was nothing libellous or Scowtardly in the letter.'... " to It was by the expressed wish of one of the parties interested that this matter. has een mentioned, and we hope that the posi lI tioi has been made sulficiently clear to en able any who readas they run to gisp the situation. : The numbers of-inluabitants if the under-' mentioned licensing districts has been deter mined. by the, licensing. courts for the said districts to be as follows :-Beaconsfield, 1,OS0; Berwick, 830; Cranbourne, 540; e Dandenong, 1,895; Gembrook, 1,605 ; 3or Sdialloc, 2,505; ?eatherton, 1,fl0; Lynd n hurst, 270 ; Nunawading, 4,11 ; Oakleigh, 3,455; Pakenham, 1,140; ScorCsby, 2,070; \- Tooradin, 990. ? , f. s : ^ The temporary reservaton o ..300 acres ( of land; in the parish of Birboo, as a reserve for the growth and preservattioh'iti'mber, is aboht tobe revoked a:s far 'as.rgards;.137 acres, iir.eor less, which It has ieeni delQil' to excise ;'10 At the itklegh Court on Thursdar, A J. JoseClhs was chairgd with stealing apjt. F. of harness, llurd at" £3, the p oiIrtygofi a farmer, nlamed'l1ehanl, at Nunti nding, on Sunday last. Irisonor had left. his employ \- a week previous. The saine day b'e was Sarrested by the Oaklcigh police int Blacl" F!at, where he had' offeredl ite s*tolen r property for sale to sercral resideTln. lie admitted over a dozeu previiut ctnvictions, and was sentenced to six monthls' inprimsohi t ment. I t Mr. Mathimona. Railway mnisiis.siorier. who lhas been in indifferentii hilth for tle Slast few weeks, left Mehltornic oui Saturday m.. . i.i uni uon nTciusm i a r-st, will Sprobably return beftre thCe eni of-. fl week. 0 Thle Malvern coutncil lih?c been ipipronchtl by the local lranil of the Christiin Ell deavour Society. and asked to do'a9l in'itds power to put a stop to the practice of many Sslopkteeers in the town keepingtheir prem. iis estteii on CShnoii 2;i. '.TliC.biattfe ~ivai're7 Sferrid to tiHe cc. " " - - ; A theft o. litter tkp5.oii the Leongatha. lhtter- Factory .Lst -week, and the police are itnlistrioinl; linting fortthe culprits. A Lo?Adond paper sava that Madame Sarah SBernhardt and 31. Felix Faure, the Presi dent of the Frenic'l Iepunblic, are the latest Scelebrities whi.I hIave fal'en victims to the fascination of goldftit. The fair artist came under the spell while. staying at laron Rothchild's chatean near Creil, where a golf ground has been laid under the superinten I dence of an English expert. - The Korumburra people are greatly exer cised just now over the noxious weeds ques tion, and the president of the shire has con vened a public meetin.g to be held on the 18th inst., to consider the necessary steps to clear the shire of the nuisance, and also to discuss the Thistle Act. tadorick's lotel is the convincing ground. Twenty points of rain fell at Kardella last Smonth-a record for that month for the Fast twelve years. The Christchurch (N.Z.) horse fiend is at work again. On Sunday, three stallions were stabbed. two of them fatally, the jugular vein being cut through almost in the same place in each case. Twenty-six horses have now been killed in the same manner. A large force of police, assisted by a specially imported Queensland black tracker, is investigating, but no clue has been obtained. Typhoid fever has broken out in the Wes. leran institution for negleeted children, known as Livingstone Home, on Nepean road, just outside Cheltenham. There are two cases at present-A girl about 5 years old and a boy. The girl was sent to the I Alfred Hospital for treatment, and the boy is being nursed by the mother of the home, Mrs. Trudgeon. The building is on a rise and free from the drainage of other houses. The health officer and inspector of the f shire of Moorabbin are making inquiries into the matter. In one of our exchanges "The Austral Light." a periodlinal especially suitable for catholies, and very wisely conducted, an elegant ioem appears. written by our late townsman, the Rev. .. J. Malone, of S.S. Peter and Paul, South Melbourne. Thesub. ject of this beautiful production is" Through i the Bass Forest-A Sick Call." All his friends should buy this number, February, a 1899, of tho "Austral Light," for this piece I alone. We regret our apace precludes the f( possibility of its reproduetion fully in our b columns: we can only give the first eight i lines: " The pale moon sails along a cloudless sky- a Through flying clouds, whose phantom E shadows pass Like speetres one by one o'er the withered " grass. U Where the dead gum trees gaunt aad ghastly i lie. The ghost of the dead forest seems to cry ol In every wind of mountain and morass Iv That wails around this melancholy Bat.a" as Father Malone is a true poet-his vtnrs d hare the poetic ring. .i A man named Francis Fox was arrested a yeterday by Constable Bray, on a charge of " insulting behayiour in Lonsdale Street. RBeynars" was brought before Major at .Hoid J.P._to-dayaid uned 10/ in default re It days' imprisoamaent. Accusel elected to ee gotogpol. bh About 8 o'clock p.m. on Friday last, as Mrs. Clifton, a resident of tlurkaway. was driving to the railway station at R sharp pace, she was thrown from the vehicle on the metalled roadway. lier left arm was brokcn, one of her wrists was fractured, and her face was Forerly cut, necesitating several stitches being inserted in the wound. Cr. I.cckrwas absent fron. the Crntbourne Council meeting held Iast Satunlay, owing to tile dleath of one of his chitlren. A small snake was killed in Walker street, near the Showio. r nls. on :Tuesday. It was discovered byhso.?se children, whodesinatched it with sticks. The next sitting of tile County Court at Kornmbihrra Brill be ont the 30thl ?May.. ,, 'An examination of candidates for the office of municipal surveyors will Iot held on Tdesiay \WMedneday and Tihurilay;'the 28th of February, and Ist-aitl 2nd of March. Candiditesmnst give notlce not later than the 13th inst of ;ntentionuto.lppear at lex anihiintioin to the secretary, Municipal Sur. veyors' Board, department of Public Work's officers. .Thl,eagricultural.returns. of the Fcrntrec Gully district for this season are the largest known. On some farms the crops of hay were very heavy. qnd the potato crops prom ise to yield splendtidly, up to ten tons per acre. The Loch freetraders held a meeting of adherents to the caise on the 31st tlt., when it was unanimously agreed to establish a Free Trade Democratic League in the town. The idea met with favour, and office-bearers were then and there elected. 