Political Reform Associations Hixessakilt, and therefore quite natu rally, every new " political association" interposes between those terms the word " reform." This smacks of the age. Ho one thinks of forming a political association to retain all things as they are ; that would he to retain abuses ; so that when associations are formed really to prevent reform, they have to adopt the popular catch word. But reform associations have become as numerous as blackberries iu a good season ; and not a few of them are sadly lacking in originality. In one of the largest of our clcctoratesmnother of these reform associations has just been formed; and on looking at its platform one sees planks that are very old timber. Wc shall bo told that it is seasoned, and therefore must be reliable. It is not new, the proposal of "one adult one vote." This is iu the fore front of the latest scheme. It exists in Hew Zealand and in South Australia, but its success is not conclusive. The sending away of Australian contingents is an incident again reminding us that there arc some things which women can not do. Hone of them are going in the rank and file of these con tingents. They may go as nurses, and men will not do that. It is in part a make up for their being unable to shoulder a musket, or to play with a bayonet. The proposal for six months' residence in the country before enrolment, and three months' in a district before right of transfer is granted are two very different proposals. Tho first shows that politics as a philosophy has not yet taken hold of these reformers. How many times must it be pointed out that the political franchise is a freehold which a man should not lose because he passes from one State to another V He should take it with him; and should be entitled to use it in a new State without losing it in an old State until he has acquired the right to exercise it in the new one. And so of his transfer from one electorate to another. At present, a change of electorate is penalised by disfranchise ment. Such a change should never do more than cause a suspension of tho right to vote. If reformers wish to re form tho present intolerable abuse, they will urge that 110 elector should bo disfranchised except for loss of civic status; his removal at any time should he followed by these four things in order: (a) A retention of his name on the old list for three months ; (b) then a transfer if requested; (e) if the name is that of a person who for sufficient reasons prefers that his name should remain 011 that list, it should so remain ; (<f) if no such request is made, the right to exercise the vote to be held in abeyance. The proposed abolition of a deposit docs not catch on. It is not that every man, the poorest man, should not have a chance, should he so desire; but in too many instances that undoubted liberty his been so frightfully abused, that any measures for stopping it are justifiable. "We shall not readily part with a wholesome check like that. It really does not stand in the way of any pel- son with the ghost of a chance of getting into Parliament. All elections on one day would bo a real and much needed change. The present system ■was devised to keep in power the party that is in at the time; to give its mem bers extra chances; ieading to extra bribery and corruption. It is safe to resolve that a representative should be called upon to resign on the vote of two thirds of the electors, for no such vote could ever be obtained. But apart from this, no such condition could well be put in anv constitution. Only electors can send a man to Parliament; it is one of the prerogatives that only the sovcreigu can send a member back to his constitu ents. The proposal that a member should resign at the call of his con stituents is a proposal that would radi cally alter the constitution, and that would effect other results not observed or provided for by those who make the suggestion.' It would not work? And where we have three years' Parliaments, the time soon slips around for putting the knife into an offending member. "Abolitionof the second Chamber." This has an old and familiar sound. The proposal docs not call for another re mark, save this, that in all systems of popular government there is "a second Chamber," de facto, if not de jure; that is to say, where there is only one House, preliminary legis lation is done by committees, and the House proper becomes "a second Chamber." Improve the second Chamber if you can by putting men instead of "things" into it; but you can never get rid of the revising function, and therefore you can never get rid of a body to do that sort of work. Tt seems familiar also to hear about State departments of industry, nationalisation of mines, a progressive land tax, an absentee tax, and the right of referendum. This new • association is not opening with a single novelty; and some of its proposals do not look like reforms; but they may be. 