ROMANISM AND NATIONAL PRO GRESS : THE VERDICT OF HISTORY. The Cause of the War. (To the Editor ofthc Singleton Argue.) Your faithful servant, CORNELIUS J. M'AULIPPK. Snt, —Iα a certain town tlicro stood an old-Fnsliioned two-storied building ; the top storey wan usod as a school ami the lower oue as a church. The church was served by two rival parsons, whom wo will nnme at pro- Bent No. 1 and No. 2. No. 1 com menced to preach one day, and evidently was producing a marked impression ou his auditors. No. 2, who had talteu up his position in one of tho pews, could not bear tbo success which attended his rival's efforts, and ho got up from his scat, protending to bo disgustod with tho sermon, and went upstairs and commenced to tramp over the preacher's head. The latter did not allow himself to bo disturbed, but pointing upwards to tho disturber ho said : " Jealousy, my brethren! jealousy, my brethren ! Jealousy, my brethren, in tho top storey!" Is it not evidont to everybody in Singleton that the parsons wero as jealous as could bo of the groat success that attended the recent ltomun Catholic mission, and of the 1200 or 1100 people who daily flocked to tho church {vide local papers), when their own churchos wore almost deserted. They could not bear to hear of tho offertory plates in tho Eouiau Catholic Church actually groaniug under tho weight of silver and gold, and they thought it would bo for Father M'Auliffo's good to provont him from becoming a second Tyson. Hence all our miseries and all tho calamities of this miserable war. Mr Bryant asked mo to be good enough to convince him oE ignorance and misrepresentation of the Rotnan Ciitholic toachiug. Beforo I am done I shall do more than that for the rov. gontlemau, and prove him guilty of ignorance and misrepresentation oF tho tenets of tho Woeleyan Church. But I expect that ho will return tho compliment and accept the challenge made in my lotter of tho SletDecomber last, viz., to "produco quotations from faithful eons of tho Roman Catholic Church of as high a standard in tho intellectual world and as favorablo to Wesleyanism as those Protestant his torians whom [ have quoted are to the Romau Catholic sido of the question." I will ask the public to excuse tli3 rev. goutleman for the present:, as lie evidently did not sco that challenge nor the quotation from tho lato Mr W. JS. Gladstone when rending my lotter. In my present letter, as soon as possible, 1 shall point out to him where ho commences to trip oil tho word "infallibility," and shall get Lord Macaulay to produco that lightning which ho said was wanting in my last letter. Tho rev. gentleman is most uuscrip tural ia his deductions in. tho aermoa which ho preached 'on "Romanism and National Progress" ; foriu what part of the Wesloyan Bible doea it appear that Jesus Christ promised temporal glory, power, wealth; dominion, etc., to those who followed Him ? I shall now pass to a few uttorancos made by the rev. gentle man in' hia sermon on tho Virgin. Mary as a mediator. According to your contemporary, ho said that" it'wae pitiful that bo many who have tho opportunity of reading and studying tho Bible for themselves should beliovo and take all for granted tho corrupt toachings of the Roman Catholic religion. For their religion was not based on Scripture alone, but solely on the toachings of their Church," Jα answer to tho rev. gentleman. I shall treat him to a catechetical instruction pomewhnt similar to those which I.am wont to give to children of louder years. Why do not Catholics make the Bible the rule of faith as the AVesleyans do? First, because tho Bible nowhere tells them to do bo, and yot St. Paul says: " Without faith it is impossible to pleaso God" (Heb. xi. 6). 2. Because such a rule would be in% possible to the generality of Christians. 3\. it would bechangoablo ac cording to the interpretation that each individual would cliooso to put upon the text, as his learning, prejudice, or previous training would induco him. 4. Because until the Bible wns written and possessed by each indi vidual who could read aud rightly interpret it, there could be no rule of faith; aud yet before tho New Testa ment was entiroly written, G3 years after Christ, tho true faith was spread throughout the entire world without this rule of faith; aud again, the Scripture was. not selocted from tho Apocrypha and approved by the Council in Rome till tho year 491, under Popo Galatiue, and conse quently could not be tho rule of faith Moreover, until the invention of printing, in 1442, it would bo impos sible that the Biblo could bo in tho hands except oE a few, and even at tho present time, notwithstanding tho spread of education, tho illiterate, who form a great mass of the people, aud the childron who cannot road bo as to understand it fairly, would be without f> rule of faith. 5. Protestants thorn selves do not take tho Bible alouo as their rule of faith, as each denomina tion has its peculiar creed. Tho Presbyterians have their Confession of Faith, usually called tho " Westmin ster." The Church of England has Us Ihirty-Nine Articles." Tho Baptists, Wesloyans, and other de uoimnationa of Christians have their own peculiar tenets of belief. If any member-of tho various deuominatioue should interpret the Biblo inn different aenae from that recognised by tho wliolo body he would bo told to retire from the ?,? r ? h \ lf tl,O wor ds of Christ, "This is My body," be taken in their literal seuEe by a Protestant, ho would ge charged with Bonmnieing or be lieving Catholic doctrine. Those words of Christ havo been interpreted in a hundred different ways by Protestant writers. G. Tho Bible, interpreted by individuals, has given riso to over 500 sects and denominations,'and nowonos are forming everyday—all disagreeing in their views and beliefs of varioue toxts of tho Scriptures, and yet making tho Biblo tho corner-stone of their religion, " and are tossed about by every wind oF doctrine" (Eph. iv. l<1). 7\. A rulo of faith being so necessary, ought to bo easily understood, but St. Peter says, spoaliing of tho Epistles of St. Paul : " That certain things are hard to bo understood, which the un learned aud unstable wrest, as they do also tho other Scriptures, to their own destruction " (2 Pet. iii. 1G). It may bo said that there are many men of many minds. XTos, but not in matters of faith and morality; for St. Paul says : " Nevertheless, whereuuto wo are come that wo bo of the same mind lot ua also conlinuo ia tho same rulo " (Phil. iii. 1G) ; also, "careful to keep the unity of the Spirit iv tho bond of peace. One body one spirit as j'ou are called in ono hope of your calling ; one Lord, one Faith, oue Baptism" (Eph. iv. 3-1-5). You will now perceive that I intend to go through all tho sermons and letters of tho rev. gonfcloman andsutisly his expressed wish of convicting him of iqnoranco and misrepresentation of tho truths of tho ltoman Catholic Church. Further on, in tho same sermon, ho mentions tho -10 titles given by St. Aphonsus, and accuses Itotnan Catholics of trausferrring all glory and power from Jesus to Mary. I shall now treat the rev. gentleman to a littlo of tho correct doctrine on tho subject, and I leave the public to judgo whether ho has been guilty of ignorance, misrepresentation.—or both. Catholics worship G-od alone, ono God in three Divine persons —God the Father, God the Sou, and ? God the Holy Ghost. Three distinct persons, having from etornit}' tho same Divine naturo, but one Godhead only. It would bo a damnable sin of idolatry to give to any creaturo, oven to the Mother of God, tho soverign worship duo to God aloue. When we say his Worship the Mayor, or her Most Excellent Majesty the Queen, we do not mean sovereign worship, or most excellent mujcsty, aa wo attribute to God. There are endearing expressions applied by mothers to their children such as " my life," " my hope," " my all," etc.; when such expressions are used towards the Blessed Virgin they are understood iii their I eat rioted sense, as expressions of the love of children to their parents and vice versa. Would anyono be so absurd aa to con vict tho Itev. Mr ljryanl of idolatry becauso when he was trying to secure his estimable wife as a partner for lifo he told her that ho adored the ground ou which she trod ? Would anyone convict him of being uuscriptural becauso he takee his baby in his amis and kisses it and says that he " adores it," that it is " his idol," " his hope," " Ins comforter," and, in "time of trouble, " his mediator " with his bettor half. I do not deny that the rev. gentleman has succeeded iv making it appear to a person who has never studied hermpueutics that there is an apparent contradiction between tho authors from whom he quoted and tho Sacred Scriptures. Lady Macbeth, by daubing with blood tho faces and the daggers of the grooms who slept near the bed of King Duncau, thought to throw on them the suspicion of having murdered their master. Yet they wero entiroly iuuoceut. We shall examine by aud by whether tho llev. Mr Bryant has not daubed the words of St. Alphousus with falsa meanings to make them look like assassins of Divine truth. Beforo doing this I would recall a quality of thoae inspired writings which wo cull the Bible. They are not written like a legal document, full of qualifying clauses guarding against misunder standing. On the contrary, they abound in apparent discrepancies and contradictions both of doctrine, morality, and historical narrative, which requiro attoution to language, soopo, context, and circumstances to vindicate thoir accuracy and unity. This careful labor of iuvostigatiou has been of tho utmost profit to the ad yanco of spiritual knowledge by caus ing tho truth to be scrutinised and looked at from evory side. Yet these seeming contradictions give a great facility to the ignorantand malicious to pervert the Scripture from its true meaning. " The devil can sight Scripture for his purpose." All this is acknowledged by Catholics? and Protcstauts aliko. It ' follows then that mero comparison of words of Holy Scripture either with one another or with the words of uninspired men may easily bo fallacious. An indict ment in law ofton seems not only plausible but invincible till the other side is heard. To make my meaning ?clear, let mc draw up a short table of apparent discrepancies, such as every reador of tho Qosnels must deal with. I do not say they are insoluble, or oven very difficult of solution. I only say that the following passages are, at first glance, cjuito as much ac variance with ono another as tho words of Holy Scrip, ture and of St. Alphonsus. I quoto from the Protestant Biblo iv uso in tho Wcsleyan Church. "Glory to God in the highost and on earth peace" (Luke ii. 14). "Suppose ye that I am como to give peace on earth ? I toll you nay ; but rather division" (Luke xii. 51). "Tho Son of Man is come to savo that which was loet" (Matthew xviii. 11). ?' Woe unto thoe, Ohoraziu ! wot* unto thoe, Beth saida!" (Matthew xi. 21). The reader may exclaim: "It is quite easy to reconcile such sayings !" So it is, if you assuino that there can be no contradiction in our Lord's words. Or were you only a seeker after I truth, aud wore moderately" candid , although, not able as yofc to accept Jesus Christ as a Divine Teacher, you might easily find or admit explanations. AVell, you are not asked to believo that there can bo no contradiction between St. Alphousus nnd the Biblo. But I ask you, 08 a candid inquirer, to suspend your judgment, and not to assume that a great and accepted teacher of Catholics flagrantly contra dicts tho inspired books in which he gloried because an enemy has picked from ono of Ins books words which havo a sinister meaning insinuated into them. When St. Alphonsus was still alive, some adverse theologians of Jansonistical and courtly schools were trying to get bis Moral Theology, pro hibited by detaching from their context certain propositions. In a letter, datod 1772, tho Saint observes that (1) iv tho whole of theology there is no proposition so exact that malice cannot turn to somo bad meaning; (2) that many things, in order to bo understood, must bo brought into comparison with other things con tained in tho same book; (3) that expressions must bo understood in conformity with tho point treated of. Indeed, wero it not for this last rule, which of our English poets might not be convicted of idolatry, if his rapturous words about female beauty and lovo were torn from their context aud arranged in rows, with texts of Scripture set off against them ? (To be continued.') 