ROW OVER A CIGARETTE. The new boarder m the fourth floor front oonoluded that she wonld smoke a cigarette. Not that she oared at all for cigarettes. On the oontrarv. she disliked them. Tae smoke got in her eyes and made the tears oome, it got down her throat and strangled her, beeides whioh the odonr permeated her clothing and stayed there. She was merely smoking this cigarette to see what would happen. This was what happened : — Bridget, the chambermaid, coming into the room to make the bed, promptly disoeroed the pernicious odour of that little oigarette. Then, spying stealthily around, she found the end of the cigarette reposing upon the corner of the mantelpieoe. That was enough. She went about straightening the room in au ominous silenoe. When her work was done she went into the fonrth floor baok. 4 There do be ourious things a-goin' ou in the next room to this, ma'am,' she said to the woman who sat by the window embroidering. ' Carious things ! Faith, an' that's phwat I'm afther tellin' of ye.' ' What in the world do you mean, Bridget P asked the woman, sticking her needle Btraight into her thumb instead of into her embroidery. ' What is it that's going on P' Bedad, it's the new boarder, ma'am.' Bridget went on in a hoarse whisper. 4 It's she that's afther shmokin' a oigaroot in her room, and that's phwat's the matter. Faith, an' ain't it enough, ma'am P A lady a-shmokin' of a oigaroot in her room !' The woman pushed Bridget aside and sped out of the room. She made ber way to the third floor front. 4 Well, what is the matter ?' asked the third floor front, who was busily engaged in washing out her handkerchiefs and pasting them up against the window pane to dry. ' If you only knew !' ' Tell me, then, quick. Has there been a row in the houBe and I not in it P If there has it's the first. 4 Right you are, bnt it iBn't a row this time. What do you sup pose is happening in this very house this very minute P The new biarder is smoking oigars a foot long in her room upstairs — a foot long, those stogies. That is what you oall them, isn't it ? Yes. Stogies.' ' What !' screamed the third floor front. 4 It's the gospel trnth. Bridget told me.' The handkerchiefs all fell off the window- pane to the floor. The third floor front, leaving them there, ran to the woman and grasped her by the arm. 4 Come,' she ex- olaimed, 4 let's go and tell the third floor baok. If she finds ont there is anything going on in this house that she don't know about she will drop dead. We don't want a funeral.' Together they hastened to the third floor baok. The occupant of the room was comb ing her baok hair preparatory to doing it up in a Psyche knot. 4 What do you think is happening ?' they oried in one voice. The the third floor back took her hairpins out of her mouth and looked around. 4 1 can't imagine,' said she. 4 What?' 4 Something awful,' they deolared, both talking together. 4 The new boarder in the fourth trout floor is smoking a pipe. Think of a young girl like that smoking a pipe in a house like this. Isn't it a sin and a shame P Isn't it dis graceful ?' 4 Are you sure ?' demanded the third floor baok. 4 Of oourse,' they asserted. 4 Bridget told it to the fourth floor baok. It's the solemn truth. We give you our word of honour.' The third floor back scattered her hairpins recklessly over her dressing table. 4 We'll go and tell it to the seoond floor front,' said she. 4 I'd just like to know what she thinks of it. A sname and a disgrace ! Well, I should think so. Tae girl ought to be fi>-ed out of the house this very minute. Taat's what she should be!' She led the prooeasion, her hair streaming down her baok, to the seoond floor front. 'The new boarder upstairs is smoking a pipe,' they said; 4 Not only that, but she's got cigarettes and oigars and oheroots all over the room everywhere, on the tables and hookoases and whatknots. The mantelpieoe is fall of them. Even the walls aie festooned with tobacco leaves brought from wherever she pomes from and hung up instead of piotnree.' When they had paused for breath the seoond floor front got in a word edge ways. ' That girl alwayB did have a qneer look to me,' she said, pressing her lips to gether. ' I spotted her the minute I laid eyes on her, the very minnte she pnt her foot in this house. I said then, 'We'll hear from her yet.' They were my very words. And now it has oome sooner than even I ex pected. I know what I am going to do.' ' What P' gasped the others. ' I am going to the landlady and have her pnt ont. That is what I am going to do. Smoking pipesin a decent house in a decent neighbourhood!' They hastened downstairs. On their way thev encountered the ooonpant of the baok parlour, who appeared to be surprised to see them all together so early in the morning. Wonld yon believe it,' said the seoond floor baok, the new boarder npatairs is sitting in her room right this minnte smoking a pipe, with oigars and tobacco and everything smokabla under the sun around her 1 The room is so thiok with tobaooo smoke that yon could ont it with a knife. Think of a yonng girl like that smoking. It wouldn't sur prise me one bit if he was an opram fiend !' ' That is just it. She is an opium fiend,' ihey reiterated in an awed whisper. The baok parlour at last found Bnffioient strength to lift up her hands in holy horror. 4 An opium fiend in this house,' she groaned. 1 Well, she will not stay in it long ; we will have her put out. She goes, bag and bag gage, or we go. The landlady may pay her money and take her ohoioe.' The landlady was quietly hemming nap kins when they marohed into her. 4 Now, look here,' said the seoond floor front, shak ing a trembling forefinger in her faoe. 'We are all going to paok onr trunks and leave this plaoe ir, doable qaiok time unless yon fire that new boarder on the fourth floor.' 'Why, what has she doneP' demanded the landlady. ' She is up in her room now, sitting cross-legged in the middle of the room, dressed in Turkish trousers, smoking a pipe.' 4 My land ?' exolaimed the land lady. ' Is that true ?' 1 Certain of it. Tell her to go, or we go.' ' Of oonrse, if it is so, she mast go,' Bighed the landlady. She laid aside her work and went upstairs, followed by the others, and she knooked at the new boarder's door. ' Come in,' said the new boarder. The landlady went in and looked around. There was not the ghost of a nargileh, not a single opium fame, and if the girl had been dressed in Turkish trousers she had the ability of a lightning change artist to costume herself while you wait. She rose and politely requested the landlady to be seated. The landlady took a ohair and sat down. She beamed upon the new boarder. ' It is a nioe morning ?' 'It is, replied the new boarder. 'How do you like your room ?' asked the landlady. ' Very much indeed,' said the girl. 4 That rug in front of the dressing table looks a little bit frayed,' said the landlady. Adding a few unimportant remarks, she rose to go. ' Won't yon stay a little longer ? asked the new boarder. ' No, thank yon. I just oame in to see how yon were getting along. Good morning,' said the landlady. ' Good morning,' said the new boarder, and when the door had closed npon her she listened a moment to the exoited explanation going on in whispers outside, then, walking to the window, stood there smiling all to beraeif. She had not been born the day before. She knew exaotiy what had happened. 