Some English Ghosts. There is at any rate one ghost in Lon don, for the first Lord Holland is said to walk the Sir Joshua Room in Hol land House with his head in his hand — a very fashionable ghostly proceeding — nu certain nights of the year ; and it is a known fact that there are many houses which never have iheen let, never are let, and never will toe let for any length of time on account of uncanny ; traditions associated with them. The! people who take these bouses are ready j enough to stay, but no (servante will stay, and so they are driven elsewhere. No strauger to Etpsom was ever shown Pit Place by a native without being told the 'Wicked' Lord Ivyttel ton's ghost-story— the white bird which flut tered at his window on the night of 24th November. 1770, changing into a white-robed wodibii, -wlio Approached the foot of his lied, and told him that he would 1)e dead in three days, which ac tually happened. Sussex, which of all the home counties has retained ite.old characteristics the iiULsl. has a good many 'ghosts who are still realities in the eyes'of. the rustics of that little- visited district, which was once the centre of ..England's iron indus try. There is old Oxeiiihridge;of Brede Piaee. There is rhe headless 'man of St. Leonard's Forest, known ?as:SquIrePau- lett, who jumps upon the crupper of a horseman entering the forest, and re mains there until, clear of it. There is the Drummer of Hursrraonceaux. . Black jogs— a favourite shape assumed hy ghosts all over England— haunt all. dark lanes and lone by-roads, and under many a sequestered wooden bridge a fcendiess woman may be seen spinning : wliitet on the old cattle-road between Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as the Drove Way. a goblin may be seen on any dark, 'wild night. In cessantly spinning charcoal '. The same species of ' general' ghosts, as they may. be called, is recorded by Mr. Rye. the Norfolk topographer, to be strongly developed ., in his county. There is the pale, long-haired woman, ?who rnn6 shrieking amongst the pits on Ayltnerton Heath. There is the great black 'Shuck Dog' — the word ' Shuck' said to mean the devil— who at Coltishall Bridge is head less, and at Salhouse has a Wazlng pyo in the centre of his iforenead. and who has a brother at Peel Castle in the Isle of Man. the spirit of a murdered pris oner, known as the Mauthe Dog. But the Historical ghosts are more interest ing rthfpp.ta of study. In this same coun ty of Norfolk, says Mr. Rye. young Lord Daere. who was murdered iu IMS by his guardian. Sir Richard Fulmerston. who arranged that a rocking-horse on which the lx-y sat should fall, «?till prances about on a (headless, of coursed rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn still rides down the avenue of Buckling Park once a year, in a hearse-like coach, drawn by' fonr 'headless horses, and driven by a'headlr-ss driver, with her head in her lap : and her father. Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Caistor Pastle there, is another coach und headless team, and yet another near Great Mel ton. This last rises from a pool every midday and midnight, and with its load of four headless, dripping, white-robed ladies passes slowly round the field and sinks again : and tradition says that at this spot. Ions ago. a hrj'dal party were upsel into I his pool ami flpvor *---n again. Then there is the Cray Lady of rtain ham— not to be confounded with the Brown Lady of Rainham.in Durham— Who represents T.ady Dorothy Walpole, forced, it is said, to marry' Lord Towns end in 1713. A firmly believed-in coaoh-ghost is that of Lady Howard, daughter and heiress of Sir John Fitz of Fitzford. in Devonshire, about 1000. who. Mr. Bar ing-Oould says, travels nightly from Okehampton Castle to Piteford Hate. Tuvistock. in a coach of bones, pre ceded by a phantom 'dog. Gaibrlel 'Craddock Is a well-known Es sex ghost. He 'was famons in Ihe mid dle of the last century as Jerry Lynch rhe highwayman, ?who with the pro ceeds of his exploits, built Lap water Hall, near Leigh, so called because, upon the application of the workmen for drink, he 'bidf them 'lap water.' He wns rnn to earth in his new house, wounded, and drowned Jn the pond to which he had directed the thirsty work men's attention, and -he Is sHl! believed to be seen on wild nights.. bandy-legged, and mounted on an earless mare, fleeing from his pursuers as they came from Shenfield. Tngrave. Horndon. Lalndon. and Pitspa. Mannington Hall, the residence of the Walpoles. Earls of Orford. has Its ghostly associations. Horatio, second earl, removed all the tombstones of the Palmers, the former possessors of the ITall. from Wirikmere Obnrch. and one of tbe buried ladies is .still believed to walk round the churchyard. To atone for the sacrilege, every*. Earl of Orford at his burial was driven- In his hearse, three times round Wlchmere Chnrrti: before being finally laid^io rest - ?':? . Very well known is thfestile at Llttle cote. near Mariborough, on the old. Bath road, wherat Wild Darnell, the principal in the terribly -weird tragedy at Ltttle ooteHall.issti!) heMerad^Jo be Reen. fol lowed by Ms howling bounds, .. .as „ , on t-Ue day when he met Iiis.jaeath here riding madly along, reckless in his con science torture, 'and confronted by the apparition of a babe burning in a flame. All thp unhappy ISdles of history ' walk' : Ann of Clevei' paces up and down the pallpry liparibg'.'hpr name in Hevcr Castlp ; Fair Rosamond walks on tihe river-tiank at ttodstow ; Amy Kobsart on the side of Coninor ; Mary, Qupen of Scots, at Fotherlnghay. At Apo-thorpe, thp Earl of Westmoreland'*! seat in 'Northamptonshire. Lady Orace. wife of the first earl, walks in a corri dor, scattering silver pennies as she goes : but the pennies are air. and woe io him who tries to test their solidity— so say, and probably tieJIeve. the good folk around. ? In the romantic North ' Country these poor dames abound. TWiere Is the Brown Lady of Rainham-stately in eoif and rich 'brocade, but eyeless. Therp is 'Silky' of Denton Hall, near Newcastle, in a flowered, long-walsted satin gown and a «atin Jiood. There is the White Lady of Sfcipsea Castle ; I-ady Derwentwater of Dilston Castle ; the Gray Woman of Wellington ; Meg of Mehlon in a broad -hat : the White Lady Blenkinsap. who still walls over ?a chest of gold, the cause^of all the nn liaippiness of her married life, com multte aliis. Tilie famous Canld Lad of Hylton. on the river Wear, was only ' laid' during the last -century, bnt his wail. ' I'm eauld ! I'm cauld !' has been sworn to as heard at a much later date ! He .was not qnits a stock ghost of the silent, gliding 'typ.e, uut was more of a brownie or pixie, Working hard in the kitchen duriug the night If the maids were sluggards— very much con trary to the usual rule of his kind. The Oray Man of Belli«ter is another well-known North Country ghost. His original was a wandering minstrel who called. at the. castle, which Is near nalt whistle on the South Tyne. was admitted, and pleased the Blenkiusop owner for a time, until he got suspicious ihat the poor old gray-clad singer was a spy from a neighbour baron with whom he was at fend. The minstrel got wind that he was suspected, and stole away. BlenJdnsop $ent bloodhounds after him. and he was torn to pieces. Tliis hap pened in 1470. and the Gray Man is still spoken of In a district, by no means behind thp age in refinement. In telligence, and education. iCorby Ons tle. near Carlisle, has been modernised, but in Its wainscoted, tapestried 'Ghost Room' the Radiant Boy still wolkfe. At riiillingham Castle in Northumber land there was also a Radiant Boy. un til Mie skeleton of a hoy found in one of the ibedroom walls, not very long ago. was buried, and then he disappeared ; and at Conthnm in Yorkshire, popular tradition speaks of a shining child who vanishps when qmrened. Apropos of ghostly children, a pretty tradition Is connected with a certain West Country house, to tbe effect that every cold morning is seen on the win dow the scribbling of little fingers, not m be effaced b.v any amounr of rui-Wng — Ohairihers'e Journal.' Abridged. 