RUSSIFICATION OF FINLAND. A NEW FINLAND ONDEK THE BRITISH FLAG. (Daily Chronicle Special.) We are indebted to an eminent Finnish publicist who has ju6t arrived in England for some further particulars as to the situa tion in Finland. The most notable feature in the campaign of resistance which is being strenuously but quietly organised through out the land is the organisation of a gigan tic exodus. General Bobrikoff, the Gover nor-General. affects to desnise this move ment. He thinks a few thousand Fin landers will emigrate, and that afterwards ilie people will settle down, as they did in the Baltic provinces which Bobrikofi ' pacificated.' The facts are, however, that every week some four or five hundred young Finlanders, the flower of the country, are setting out for America, and sooner or later tbe great mass of young men who are liable for service under the new military law mean to follow them. Hitherto the main stream has flowed into the United States, but a commission. of leading mefi is to visit Canada in June in order to select a a suitable district for a colony, and when this point has been decided the real exodus will begin. Already there are parishes in Finland from which every man of military age has set out, leaving the older folk and the women to run the farms — 75 per cent, of tbe laud belongs to the peasantry — or to find purchasers, if they can. Our informant, who came across with a detachment of these refugees', asked one man ' How is it in your parish ? Are there any left to be picked as conscripts?' The answer was, ' There are three left, but one is the only son of his mother ; the other has lost an arm, and the third is coming by thejpext steamer.' t Is it any wonder that the people are leav ing when the new military law threatens them with banishment to any pan of the Russian Empire for five years' service, and finishes by compelling them to stay in their own parish — under Russian rule, be it re membered — [or another 13 years, so as to be ready for service in the reserve. Under the Finnish military law and conditions were two years' service ; only 1900 conscripts were chosen every year ; th» standing army was fixed at 5600 ; and, ' above all, its soldiers were not to leave the country. The Russian law means the raising of a new army corps, a standing army of at the least 36,000, or double that if the Russian physi cal standard is adopted, which ie what General Kuropatkin wants. The Tsar has i'ust refused to give his War Minister carte lanche in this matter, and' here; at any rate, there Would 'seem to be the ghost of a chance *for international representations at the Hague. The Russian reply to these figures will probably be to the effect that the ratio of -conscripts to 'population exists on paper, and no where else. Biit'the Finnish answer is that whilst this is the case in RnsBia, where the financial pressure is excessive, the proposal to throw the whole cost of the new army corps on Finland will for the time being, until the Grand Duchy is ruined, leave the authorities free to make the paper ratio a real one in their case. The people, at any rate, know what is in store for them. If' the terror were not real why should they look for o new Finland under the British flag 1 One of the methods adopted by the pre sent Goverrior-General of Finland for sow ing the seeds of discontent, and disgusting the Finnish nation, has consisted in a kind of pedlar's crusade among the poorest aud most ignorant classes of the peasantry. The work has been carried on by Russian and Tartar pedlars in such numbers that hardly a single parish in the whole country has escaped their visits, and the gospel preached has been t{iat as soon as Russian law is in troduced in Finland every man will have his own piece of ground, will be free from all taxes, and consequently as happy as are tbe Russian peasants. The hearers, care fully chosen from among the least educated, of course do not know the full extent of happiness pr -duced by tbe Russian institu tions among the 25 millions of Russian peasants at present dying from starvation. The Governor-General declaimed, of course, every knowledge pf the agitation: nay, more, he officially denied the truth or | all information concerning that agitation, and suppressed the Finnish newspapers. And meanwhile the organ of Finland's arch enemies, the Novoye Vremya, kept printing articles to the effect that Russia's policy in Finland ought to be based on the discon tent of the lowest strata of Finnish society. But the sound common-sense of the Finnish peasants carried the day in spite of alt diffi culties. Every parish in Finland has its parish council which manages the affairs of the community, and some of these councils de cided to take tho matter in hand. They de creed that heretoforth a premium of 50 marks — £2 — would be awarded to anyone catching one of the pedlar agitators in the act of preaching the gospel of dissension, that fines would be inflicted upon those sheltering such agitators, or failing to report their presence, and furthermore that the premiums should be paid from the fund existing in every parish for encouraging the extermination of animals of prey and other vermin. A few days after the throwing open of the parish funds for this purpose, not less than 300 of the pedlar agitators left for St. Petersburg by the same train. And the Governor-General swears louder than ever that no agents of his are doing underground work in Finland. 