Ti-m ^AJ A ATION OF GOD. (By F. W. Farrar, D.D., Dean of Canter bury.) "To lum that ordereth his. conversation arifrni will I showi the salvation of God."—Psalm !♦ 23\. | Pure religion, and undefiled before God and the Father involves three conditions— A rule of faith, a law of conduct, and the union and result of both in a rignteous and godly life. Now, all religion luvist rest upon a faith, and in the Apostle s Creed the universal Church, of Christ has sum med up all that she regarded as funda mentally essential in her belief. The great basis of that creed is that though God is in heaven arid man upori earth, yet Gocl and man are not infinitely separated from each other. "Unspeakably little as man is in himself—a worm, a thing of nought, the creature of a day, whose life isi as but u. dream, a shadow, a vapor,. the flash of a weaver's shuttle, a passing ripple oil the immeasurable sea, yet God is _ mindful or him, and God exercises over him a tender Fatherhood. God has revealed Himself to him, so that he has become a little lower than the angels, crowned with glory and honor. Every man's vileness has not utterly alienated God from him. God still says to this miserable prodigal, ' Ephraun, my dear son, is he a pleasant child V it is not the will of Him, our Father,. that one of His children should perish-. But the revelation of God to man is nearer, more unspeakably tender, more divinely marvel lous even than this. It is that God, oui Eternal Father, so loved the world that tie sent His only Son into the world, not to condemn the world, but that the world through Him might be saved. This is the blessed mystery of the Gospel, into which the very angels desire to look. It is the blessed mystery of the life and death of the Son of God on earth. It may give hope of redemptiori even to the most despair ing soul by the Divine message that ii any man sin we have an Advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the Righteous, and He is the Propitiation for our sins.' And even this is not all. The relation between God and man is nearer,, closer even than this. Were it not so we might think that too exceptional a blessing liadmeen grant ed to those Apostles of the Lamb, who saw and heard, and their hands handled the Word of Life. But what said our Lord Himself? "Verily, I say unto you it is ex pedient for you that I go away, for if I go not away the Comforter will not come unto_ you; but if I depart I will send Him unto you.'; What? Expedient for them that He their Lord, their Master- the Light of. their, eyes, their only Friend, should be taken from i them? Yes, for he was only taken from them for a moment, to be restored to them tenfold for ever by the absolute, indwelling of His Holy. Spirit. In the Old Dispensation the Temple of Jerusalem had been the earthly shrine of the Eternal God. In the Gospel days the Son -of God Himself dwelt in a tent like ours, and of the sanie material, and/spake of the Temple of His Body. In this our final Dispensation, the. indwelling of God is in the heart of every true Christian man. "What? Know ye not that your bodies are temples of the Holy Ghost, who dwelleth in you, except —and what an awful limitation is that— "except ye be reprobates."' This rift of; ■the Holy Spirit completes the essence of the Divine revelation, and brings life and immortality to light. And all this reve lation is a revelation of simple love. "Ubi Amor," said St. Augustine, ibi Trinitas"—where love is there is the Trinity. When the unhappy German .poet, Heinrieli Heine, was asked by a little maid inf the Harz Mountains, with a troubled, countenance, " Do you believe in the Father, the Son, and the Holv Ghost?" he answered, " Yes, I do believe in the Father who made the beautiful earth and surii and moon and ^ stars, and men and women; ana I do believe in the well-beloved Son who revealed to us? what Love island, of course, was cruci fied for it; and I do believe in the Holy Spirit, who breaks all the strongholds of oppression and sets' captives free." Yes, the revelation of God in the Trinity is simply the revelation - of God's love to man. "If," said Martin Luther, "a man would paint a picture of God, it must be a picture which is wholly love, 3 if Divinity were nothing but a fire of ive, filling heaven and earth. And rain, if he ; would paint a picture of Ive, it must he neither human nor igelic, but a picture of God Himself." nd, as the beloved Archbishop Trench Tote, in one of his beautiful poems:— I say to thee do thou repeat To the first man thou mayest meet In lane, highway, or open street— That he, and we, and all men move Under a cariopy of Love, ■ , As broad, as the blue sky above. THE SECRET OF ALL SALVATION. There, then, is one essential of Chris ianity, its essential creed; but a creed lone does not-constitute a religion. A reed is valueless, and worse than value rs, if it do not influence, and indeed, way our conduct. The awful Divine ielief of Christians becomes a mere ver al sham, a mere external nullity, no bet er than a booming gong or clanging eym ial, no better than a painted mask over he grinning features of a skull, if it do iot mould our characters , and make us ighteous and holy men. There are some ruths, it has been said, so true that in tead of being; prepared for use in the -orkshop of the mind they are left to lio seless in the lumber-room of the memory, ide by side with the most exploded errors, .'he nominal acceptance of a creed is one thing; righteousness is quite _ another. Views and doctrines are one thing, duty is quite another. Well might the German philosopher say that ''two things over power the soul by their awful majesty—■ the starry heavens above and the moral law within." And well might he exclaim "Oh, duty, thou sovereign power that holdest up the naked law in the heart of man, before which all passions are silent, however secretly they may rebel."' And well mav the English poet sing of duty, that she* is the stern daughter of the voice J of God:— Stern mistress! yet thou dost wear The godhead's most benignant grace, Nor see we anything so fair As is the smile upon thy face. Flowers laugh before thee in their beds, And fragrance in thy footing treads; Thou dost preserve the stars from wrong, And the most ancient heavens through j thee are firm and strong. "What that supreme and sacred majesty j requires of us," wrote the _ early Chris tian writer Laitantius, "is innocence' alone." "Well, Master," saia the Jewish Pharisee, when Christ had brought home to him the worthlessness of his pretentious religiosity; "Tliouj hast answered riglit, for there is but one God, and to love Him with all the heart and to love his neighbor as himself much more than all burnt offerings and sacrifices." Strange that he should ever have had a doubt on the subject, when all his ancient Scriptures,' in page after page, gave liim the answer and taught him the same lesson. We need only ask j our Lord and Saviour the King of Glory. What is His answer? It was given not once or twice, but in many forms. It is, "Not everyone that sayetli unto Me, 'Lord, "Lord,' shall enter into the kingdom of heaven, but he that doeth the will of My Father who is in heaven." It is not "Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, even so do unto them;" not wire-drawn distinctions of scholasticism ] nor niggling nullities of ceremonialism, not petty altitudinisings of effeminate superstition; this, this, this is the Law and the prophets. Whatever be right, whatever be wrong in this perplexing | world, whatever be true, whatever be false in this chaos of conflicting opinions, we cannot but be doing what is well | nleasing to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, by softening our hard 1 hearts, by subduing our rebellious wills, by mortifying our corrupt affections, by curbing our bitter tempers, by dashing to the ground our revolting conceitedness; by showing love towards God in humble, , manly, and generous service towards' our brother men. "Cease to do evil, learn to do well"—that is true religion; and whatsoever things are true, pure, just, honest, of good report, if there be any virtue, if there be any praise, think on these things—that is true religion. And. to cast away the works of darkness and put upon us the .armor of Tight, and to love God and Jesus Christ Whom He hath sent; to love one another, as He gave us commandment—that is the beginning and the end and the life and the soul of all religion for which God cares. Was not the j old English poet- right when he sang: — To pray to God continually; To learn to know Him rightfully, To honor God in Trinitie, • : The Trinitie in Unitie; .liA 1 The Father in His majestie; TjtjMf'j The Son in 'His humanitie; \- The Holy Ghost's benignitie; To serve Him always liolilie; ; "v-? . . . To praise Him always worthilie; To love Him always steadtastlie; To live here always vertuously; ; To help the poor in misery; To hope for heaven's felicity; To have faith, hope, and charity; To count this world but vanity. Surely these be . not only, as he says, points of Christianity, but, infinitely | moire than any six points. or any sixty thousand points of petty ritualism, they are the secret of all salvation. OUK SOULS IN CHRIST'S KEEPING. Two things we nave considered, the faith of: Christians and love as the be-all and end-all of real, as apart from verbal and sham religion. But here, my friends, we are confronted at last with a crucial ques tion. We all know the experience that, oh, it is hard; hard and not so easy as it seems to be good and not bad. We have taken a glimpse of the beauty and splendor of the Christian faith.. We have seen the simplicity and the majesty of Christian duty; but how are the two to be united? By what force shall we j give reality to our Christian belief by. a holy and consistent course? We all know that it can be done, for all the saints of God have done it. We know it can only be done by consciously giving J bur souls into the keeping of our Saviour, by wholly yielding ourselves to the influences of His Holy Spirit. Thus only can we utilise his appointed methods of. pleasing Him, and of our deliverance from sin and Satan, by. determinate pur pose, by earnest and ceaseless prayer, by I resolute diligence in the service of God and man, by watchfulness over the evil I thoughts of our hearts, by stern battle j against the lusts of the flesh and the passions of the mind, by immediate de cision to fly for refuge to the hope set before us. Christianity, believe me, only sinks into decrepitude when men degrade it :by self- interested usurpations and hol low falsities. When Christ by His autho-. rity swept away the burdensome and futile traditions of a dead Pharisaism, He said, "Believe in Me; come unto Me; follow Tie." The central force of Christianity, the dew of its youth the hidden spring of its enthusiasm, the mighty secret of its success, the sure pledge of its ulti mate dominance; in Christ, in persona] devotion to Christ. "All other feelings," it has been said, "write their memories upon glass with a crayon; love writes upon crystal with a diamond. Of all the heart's powers, love alone is sovereign and im mortal." No abandoned boy in 'the city, no red man in the mountains, no negro in Africa, no cannibal in the Pacific can. finally resist its sweet solicitude. It under mines like a wave, it rends like an earth quake, it melts like a fire, it inspires like music, it binds like a chain, it cheers like a sunbeam. When any king or hero on earth has succeeded in inspiring love he has wielded a splendid and irresistible power. But what human being has ever inspired one-thousandth part of the love which the Lord Jesus kindled like a living flame on the altar of millions of human hearts? The Magdalene wotted His feet with her tears, and wiped them with the hairs of her head.; Children adored Him, the Levitie choir-boys shouted rapl I turous hosannas when He came. Zaecheus, at _ one word of gentle ness from Him, _ repairs the wrongs of a lifetime. Shouting multitudes strewed His path with garments and with pailms. Pilate, the haughty and cruel Roman, is touched by His pale nobleness into awe and pity. He broke the heart of Peter into penitence by a single look. The dy-1 ing robber, who saw Him only in His hour of dhame, is melted to adoration by the pathos of His humiliated glory. St. Ste phen, under the heaped stones in anguish lying, catches but one glimpse of Him in vision, and radiance illuminates his angel countenance. St. Paul, at one glance of Him, flings away the shame of a false Pharisaism and the furies of a persecu ting bigotry. At the 'talisman of the words "For My sake," the martyrs ex ulted in their death-defying utterance of truth, and not fearing to flesh the tiger's ravenous jaws, or fed the sportive fury of the fencer's steel, bore, as St. Igna tius said, the burning of their flesh, the breaking of their bones, the crunching of their whole bodies, if only they might at- [ tain to Christ. "Chiistianos ad leones,' shouted the brutal pagan mob, and the weakest boy would still answer exultantly, "Christianus sum"— I am a Christian. Amid their deadliest anguish they felt a joy, these martyrs, like the sweetness of night flowers, _ born in' darkness -and tribulation, exulting that they were counted worthy to suffer shame Eor Christ's Name. The very young and the very old, the youth in the hey-day of his passions, the sober man of middle age, the tender maiden, boors and slaves, philo sophers and nobles, all were equally ready for Christ's sake "to defy the powers of darkness to do their worst. Nor was this the mere hysteria of religion. It did not die with the martyrs; it has continued td this day in all the noblest human hearts and in the heart of the multitude. The love of Jesus burned amid and purified the immense errors of mediaeval super stition. It shines through the scholastic subtleties of St. Thomas Aquinas; it throbs in the mighty thunderings of Savo narola; it glows over the soft, silent pic tures of Fra Angelico! It rings through all our best hymns, whether written by Romanists/like Faber, or Dissenters, like Watts.i That love of Christ visited the prisons with John Howard; it sought out the lost, abandoned women with Elizabeth Pry; it taught the ragged children with John Pounds and Robert Railies; it broke the fetters of tbe slave with Clarkson and Wilberforce; it preached the Gospel with Coleridge Pattison in Melanesia, and Livingstone in Africa; it toiled for tern-' perance with Father Matthew; it went to die among the lepers with Father Damien it wept with those that weep in the life long self-sacrifices of Lord Shaftesbury: it rescues children and street arabs with Dr. Barnardo; it labors in the lowest slums with the despised followers of IWilliam,' Booth. Bright as the blue sky, majestic as the starry heavens; strong as the everlasting hills; broad as the inviolate sea, it has been the source of all the heroism and all the saintliness of nineteen centuries. This is Christ's Heal Presence. So has He fulfilled His promise—"Lo, I am with you ahvay, even to the end of the world." By humanly-invented doctrine and dead mummeries we may change the flaming garments of His life into the grave-clothes of a dead Christ'; but "if any man have not the spirit of Christ lie is none of His." To all who truly love Him He is ever near. St. Francis of' Assisi saw Him in the leper whom he kissed; and St. Christopher in the child whom he carried across the stream, and St. Elizabeth of Hungary in the sick .to whom she minis tered, and St. Vincent de Paul in the gal ley slaves whom he roused from grim despair, and Bishop Hannington in the savages for whom he died. The love of Jesus, what it is, Hone but His loved ones know. LIFE FOR CHRIST. My friends, you are not called upon to make the vast, life-long sacrifice of all, as they had who gave up all that they had for Christ's sake/and gave it up with joy and gladness, and received therefor a thousandfold reward. But will you do noth ing? Will you let your life slip uselessly, and selfishly, and indulgently away? Oh, let these thoughts rouse every one of you with the determination that life is service, and that you will use your lives in the best way you'can and to the utmost of your power in furthering the kingdom of the Lord, whom you profess to love. This is the first Sunday in Lent, and opportu nity is given you this evening for an act of generosity. The needs of your large and poor parish are very urgent, the ordi nary. response of Christians to the needs immediately around them is deplorably in adequate. Will you not this evening show at least not the sacrifice of all you have, but some quite infinitesimal self denial, to help the work of Christ among you? Will you give worthily and gene rously to the urgent needs of your parish? Will the multitude who have come meaning to give a penny consider -whether they might not give sixpence? Will the many who have come meaning to give the smallest silver coin think whether they might not make a worthier sacrifice?- Are there none among you who can contribute to these urgent needs a piece of gold to-night? If you give, God wil be no man's debtor, and behold He will, in the highest way, pay you again. But be sure of this— there is but one throne of God on earth; the throne in the unseen heart of man. That throne may be the heart of the most wide-ruling sovereign, or the heart of the meanest of his subjects; it may be the heart of the loftiest pontiff, who, amid the most gorgeous ceremonies, is still secretly beating his breast with the cry of tbe publican. It may be that of the meekest missionary laying down his life on some wild foreign shore. It may be that of a millionaire, making to himself friends of the mammon of unrighteous ness. It may be that of the bold philo sopher seeking truth with intrepid faith fulness. It may be that of some ignorant peasant telling his beads at the shrine of some questionable saint. But the heart of a bad man, however much he may con ceal it from human gaze, can never be the throne of Christ. My friends, let every one of us pray— for every one of us is but an unprofitable servant—that we may ever be faithful to the Lord of love; that we may never dis grace His service by selfish torpor, by mean selfishness, by self-deceiving vanity, by bitter malice, by secret faithlessness. Let us in deepest penitence pray ever in the words of the old hymn— A heart to praise my God, A heart from sin set free, A heart's that sprinkled with the Blood So freely shed for me. A heart resigned, submissive, meek, My dear ^Redeemer's cnrone, Where only Christ is heard to speak, Where Jesus reigns alone. So shall we acquire a calm, unshaken trust in God; so shall the Son of Righteousness — risen - upon us with healing in His wings — scatter the dark clouds and earthborn mists of our wrathful controversies and faithless misgivings. Or if on earth they cannot be wholly dissipated, yet trans figure the dark and cloudy sky, He shall paint them with purple and scarlet, and make them burn with unimaginable gold— So, -with a ripple and a radiance through . me, Rise and be manifest, 0 Morning Star! Flow on my soul, thou Spirit, and renew me, Fill with Thyself and let the rest be far.; Safe in the hidden house of Thine abiding, Carry the weak knees and the heart that faints; Shield from the scorn arid 'ever'"fromthe chiding, Give the world joy, but patience to the saints. 