WESLEYAN IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. LECTUREP o " HumA& CaEDULITY." Owing to the extremely unpleasant weather last Monday evening, there aaw-.v .moeatat ndn .at. the held at:the schoolroom, Hyde street. Mr J. Thomson presided, and after routine business had been dispose of, the Rev. H. E. Merriman was celled upon to deliver a lecture upon 'Human Credulity.' The rev. lecturer opened by remark ing that if there were some persons with sceptical mindi who did not believe anything until established by superabundlant evidence, there is also a much more numerous class that will helieve.almost anything without proof or authenticity. The pages of history, the speek.-r went on to say, showed that most visionary schemes had com manded the admiration and faith of men and had charmed the last shilling from their pockets. The desire for acquisition of wealth revealed the most pitiable and amusing aspects of credul oneness, the search of the alchemists during many centuries for the philos opher's stone being a fine example of such infatuation. At the present time the same thing existed with many mining claims.. Bernard of Irenes wasted his lice in an endeavor to make gold out of other minerals, and the " Lord of Rays" in his chase of the same fancy was persuaded that the devil was in possession of the secret, and one hundred boys and girls were caused to disappear, ion the endeavor to entice the secret from his Satanic High ness. The Mississippi scheme ruined thousands of people in France in 1719, and a somewhat similar scheme caused a panic in England at about the same time.' Another Infatuation was the celebrated tulip mania of Holland in 1638, .and in reference to this the lecturer told some amusing stories, but he .remarked, " I might bring you nearer home, show you how prospec tuses are manufactured, and how the same splendid auriferous specimens ,have miraculously come flst. from a clhinm,ina Ballarat, then from one at Bendigo, then from another at Wood's Point, and stranger still, at last from a mine across Bass's Straits, in the soil of M toriland." Continuing, Mr Merriman said that the desire to pro long life and preserve health had evoked many displays of credulousness, and referred to the many carious charms still believed in, in some parts, for the cure of different ailments, also the amount of money spent by rich people on nostrums supposed to be the elixir of life. Mesmerism, spiritualism, the purchasing of p tent medicines adver tised to cure every complaint from a soft corn to galloping consumption, the belief in ghosts, in dreams as a super natural element, in the belief of a systematic method of interpreting same. and fotune telling were all re ferred to as being signs of the credul ousness of the human racoe, and the lecturer closed his paper by remarking that a good deal of the same was caused through prole over-exciting imagination by novel reading cr other pastime of a sensational nature. A discussion followed, in which Messrs J. Laver, R. Baker, G. M'Nic holl, W. Lewis, Miss 0. Nichols, and the Chairman took part, and the Rev. H. E. Merriman briefly replied. Votes of thanks to the lecturer and chairman brought the meeting to a close,. Chamberlain's Colic; C;blert, sad Diar. rhea Remedy can always be depended peon and is pleasant andsafe to take. Sold at M. Penshon and Co's Stores..: 