A cm OF SALT. It would tako at least three weeks to visit ovory portion of this marvellous oity. Men havo worked in its hollows for centuries, leaving it as a legacy to posterity. Horses havo been brought to life and have died thore, without seoing tue ngnt ot day. it is silent and dark, oxcopt when .the voicos of people echo through its countless, tortuous halls, and tho candlo of the guide or flash of the Soman light discovers ita massive, and glittoring wonders. It is a city hewn in salt. It will hardly be believed .that such a place exists. To all who dis believe, we would recommend a trip to Wieliczka, a little municipality about six milos from Cracow, in Polish Austria, and tho centre of the Galician salt industry. Tho minos are under the direct control of tho Austria-Hungarian Minister of Finance, During hundreds of years the skilled hand of tho labourer in the Wieliczka salt^nines has been at work turning tho depths of darkness into a realm of beamy. It has created ballrooms, chapels, altars, statueB, restaurants, railways, chandeliers, stair cases, pillar3, and thrones in the bowels of tho earth, and the grandeur of these has excited the admiration of the world. Tho mines date back to 10-ld, and now have a length of ovor 2 j milos. Above stands a large, grey building, containing tho offices of those in charge of the mining operations. This building is interesting principally because it contains a large number of caps and uniforms worn by various Royal persons, Austrian and otherwise, who have descended into this subterranean oity. Thoy are each labelled with the name of the visitor and the day of decent. In early times this descent was made in a shaft worked by horse-power, but a hydraulic lift is now in use. Almost blinded by the darkness, and frightened by the eerie echo of his own footsteps, the visitor first enters some colossal chambers hollowed out by the labourer in the ordinary course of mining. He almost loses himself in the expanse of the Letow ball room, which with its solid mural decoration, illumin ated galleries, stalwart pillars, and shining chandeliers, is indeed a fit and welcome chamber for lovers of tho dance. This ball-room has' witnessed many re markable gatherings. One end of tho rqpm is adorned with a colossal Austrian eagle and with transparencies painted on slabs of stlt. In an alcove at the other end of the room stands n throne of green, tho crystals of which Hash a green and ruby red. It is on this that the. Emperor sits when he comes to the mines. The ball room lies at a distance of 210 feet below the surface, being the first of seven stories in the mine. Three of these storios are only open to visitors, and they alone contain the marvels visitors go to see, and are called 'Bono,' 'Kaiser Franz,' and ' Erzherzog Albrecht,' respectively, the last two being named in honour of celebrated Au-trians. Fr -m the scene of gaiety and splendour it is but a stop to the home of quietude and prayer. Here, off one of the main passages, is the noted St. Anthony's Chapel, the resort of thousands of the devout 3inc& it was hown in 1098. The interior is beautified by an altar showing the Crucifixion, and on the steps of the altar are the forms of two kneeliDg monks. On tho sides of the chapel may be seen smaller altars and statues of saints. Many times each year the priests of tho district perform their pious duties in- this simple chapel, not only in memory of St. Anthony him self, hut as a tribute to the miner, who, unaided and persevering, built the chapei as it stands to-day. Qhe blocks of salt which he dug out have disappeared, but tho life work of tho nameless labourer may Inst till the end of time. . . . Tho mine is, indeed, full of many marvels j but the most marvellous of all — at least, the one which makes the most impression on the visitor — is the sub terranean lake, lying 700 feet below tho surface of the earth. The waters of the lake are dark, thick, and heavy, and as the boat glides over its face the spreading wators roll up against the sides of the grotto with a ghost like swish. A ponderous Bolitude orerweighs all. The Btyx alone of all tho death-like streams in legend could rival this in stillness. The boat is substantial, and carrios many people. It is guided through tho Stephanie and Rudolf Grottos by ropes running on pulleys along the Bides of tho 1 ? 4 __J il. « U„»4 ? _.-4i. I.:- 1 — j- resting, on the stern of the curious craft, pushes it with his feet braced against the rope. There are sixteen of these lakes in different parts of the mine, but this is the only ono upon which visitors are allowed to go. The trip aoross and back takes fifteen or twenty minutes, as tho boat moves slowly through the sluggish brine. A gun shot off in the middle of the lako wakes a long and lingering ecno, and ttio voice ot tne boatman, as he calls out that all is ready, seems like the voice of a giant from the depths of chaos. 