CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF TASMANIA. ANNUAL SESSION. The annual session of the Congregational Union of Tasmania was opened yesterday afternoon with a preliminary meeting at the Memorial hall, to receive the roll of delegates and notices of motion, and arrange the general order of the business of the session. The Rev J. G. Wright, of Launceston (retu mg president) presided, and after devotional exercises introduced the chairman of the year Rev. R A. Thompson, B A -and then vacated the chair in his favour. The new president having delivered a short address, the business was proceeded with. In the absence of the Rev. J. W. Simmons hon, sec , through indisposition, Rev. G W. Sharp was asked to act for him, which he consented to do, and Mr. A. H. Stevens was appointed minute secretary The union was then constituted by read in the roll of delegates, as follows - Memorial Church, Hobart Revs G. W. Sharp and R. Richards , Hon. T. W. Piesse, M L C , Messrs. T. Cane, L. Lodge, J. Dean, G. H. Burton, G. Booth, and W. Woolley. Davey-street - Revs. George Clarke and R. A. Thompson, B.A ; Messrs. C E Walch, W. A. Weymouth, T. White sides J. Fincham, A. P. Barnett, E. StanfleId,)W Clew er, F. Nicholson, and J. Baily. Union Chapel Rev. J. W. Simmons and Mr. G. S. Seabrook. Tamar street Church, Launceston Rev. J. G. Wright and Messrs. A. H Stevens, J B Gurr, S. J. Sutton and E Locksley. Christchurch, Launceston Rev. W. Law and Messrs. H. Button and C S Button New Town - Rev. W Perry Hart and Messrs W. Jamieson, J Jeffrey, J Ruddoch, L G. Cockhead, J. N Propsting and G. Wilson. Geeveston-Rev V A Woods, Messrs. O. Geeves and J. Geeves Frank him-No represented Bellerive, etc. Messrs. Darling, Murdoch Young and Richardson Bream Creek Rev. J. Hebble thwaite, Messrs J AllanbvandH.McGmnis Brighton and Bagdad Messrs. Bester and Hyland. North West Coast Rev. D. Brown and Mr. J. Mitchell. Kempton Rev. H. Kennedy v. Port Esperance Rev. J Ebery. Revel. Coombs was present as a personal member, and it was proposed that Revs A H. Wallace (Victoria) and J Bufton (horn Western Australia) be associated with the Union during its sittings, which was agreed to. Notices of motion were given with reference to work on the West Coast, lay preach in, gambling, the Don Manse, Davey street Cemetery, expenses of general meetings of the Council, and Ministers' Prov i dent Fund. It was resolved that the conference commence this morning at 10 o'clock, and that the of the noon sitting open at 130, the business being likely to occupy two of or three days in the afternoons papers will be read by several gentlemen. Till. PR] SIDES T S ADDRESS. Rev R. A THOMPSON, B A , the new President, delivered his address in the Davey street Church last evening before a large audience. It was as follows . CHRIST AN(D. THE CHURCH. The ancient creed which is recited every week by large numbers of our countrymen contains this declaration -" I believe o in the Holy Catholic Church. One remembers, as a boy brought up to other modes of worship, joining occasionally in the liturgy of the prayer book. The earlier parts of the creed seemed to present no difficulty But when it came to these words about the Holy Catholic Church, one felt some hesitation Did Congiega tionalists belong to the Holy Catholic Church ? Did they believe in it? Was it not rather an institution they had learned to regard with some distrust ? Since those days one has learnt that the word catholic means simply " universal," and the divil culty has disappeared. We can say that clause of the Apostles' Creed with as much heartiness as any other. By the Holy Catholic Church we understand the Church in the New Testament sense-not any particular institution, but the Church in all the churches, the whole community of the faithful, the Church universal. To this Holy Catholic Church Congregationalists, as well as other Christians belong. It could not be really the Catholic or Universal Church if it excluded any time followers of the Lord Jesus Christ. In this Holy Catholic Church Congregationalists as well as other Christians believe. None have better reason to believe in it than they. We believe in the Holy Catholic Church. We believe also in the not less Holy Local Church. Every fellowship of believers, drawn and held together by common devotion to Christ, we call a church. In the New Testament we find local churches, as well as the church illegal or universal. In such churches, of which we are members, we believe, and we have the best reason to believe. It is possible, we think, to make too much of church, and of faith in a church This is done when a church is called the Church, and is put between the soul and the Saviour. We believe in the Church, but not as we believe in " God the Father Almighty, and in Jesus Christ His only Son our Lord." We do not commit ourselves for salvation to the Church, but to Christ. He alone can save us, though in the Church he provides much that ministers to our salvation. Too much is made of the Church when it is put above Christ Himself in authority as a teacher. "Hear the Church can be turned into a universal commandment only by mutilating and misapplying the words of the Master. The Divine voice heard on the Mount of Transfiguration points us to One whose authority is higher than that of the Church" This is my beloved Son in whom I am well pleased, hear ye Him " (Matthew xvii. 5). We believe first and supremely In Christ. And because we believe in Christ, we believe also in the Church, which is His creation. Christ first ; then the Church because of Christ. That we think is the right order, and we are careful to maintain It. Taking due care thus to give Christ Himself the pre- eminence, we may unhesitatingly affirm our faith in the Church. We believe in the Holy Catholic Church, in its divine origin, its high functions, Its glorious destiny. We believe also in the local Church, on Its divine origin, in its spiritual endowment, and in Its organic efficiency. As Dr. Berry, so suddenly taken from us, to our heavy loss, said in his memorable address from the chair of the Congregational Union two years ago the Congregationalists are Churchmen as opposed to indi- viduality." . Congregationalism Is grounded in the affirmation of the Church." Now if some in ways we have indicated, are making too much of the Church, or rather of their particular Church, it is certain that others are making too little of the Church, and of the particular churches to which they belong. This is, perhaps, our danger. We may make far too little of the Church and our of churches. H we believe in Christ, we must believe also in the Catholic or Universal Church. For all who believe in Christ are members of this redeemed society. It was a society He redeemed. He came to found a kingdom. In the words of a masterly ex- ponent of Free Church principles, ''Our union with Christ is a communion of saints. If He be but master of you, then He is not a king He is not a king who has but one subject (Forsyth, Charter of the Churches, p 21 ) If we believe in Christ we must believe also in the local Church. There is no room in the Christian scheme of salvation for unattached Christians "We are saved, as units, horn being units, into a redeemed community, which must constantly take effect as a \ visible society (Ibid , p. 63 ) It is the will of Christ that all those who believe in Him should be organised into churches So absolutely necessary to salvation lb Christian fellowship, that in a very true sense it may be said Outside the Church there is no salvation As Dale used to insist, " Fellow ship with other Christian men is almost as necessary to us as fellowship with God Himself (Life of Dale, p 244) ' Congregationalism is anxious, he said, "that men who are Christians should realise in their Church life Christ's own conception of what their Church life should be, and we believe that only by restoring the true conception of the Christian Church is there any chance of Christianising the English people, and that the Church exists at once for the discipline of Christian perfection and the evangelisation of mankind (Ibid , p. 30 ) We have a noble Church theory, but do we take our theory in earnest? There is no doubt that certain of our fellow Christians believe very heartily in their Church It is) a hold of them, of their imagination, of their affections, of their energies, of their devotion We think we have a truer idea of the Church than they Then let us believe in our Church with not less earnestness and devotion than they exhibitions ads theirs "Ourbupremeduty to day, says Dr Berry in his chairman's address, " is not merely to expound our principles, but to live them, to talk less of the scripture thiess, and work more for the spirituality of our churches, to be more careful for the embodiment and practice of our doctrine, than for its assertion and defence Others may need, as we think, to revise their ideas the Church We certainly need to rev IV e hours in the hope of suggesting some thoughts that may help towards a rev in all of the Church idea among us I have taken as my subject "Christ and the Church ' I speak, says St Paul in concluding a passage of laresublinut}, ' I speak concerning Christ and the Church (Ephesians, v 12 ) With your permission, I was hus- I may be enabled to say something concerning ' Christ and the Church How shall we revive our idea of the Church? B) remembering Christ's relation to its life (a) Christ holds the supreme place in the Church and in ever) Church as its Founder Our Lord himself said very little about the Church His name for the society he had come to establish was the Kingdom He spoke continually about the Kingdom of God or the Kingdom of Heaven The world church occurs only twice in his recorded teaching It is to the Apostles we owe most of our church doctrine Some seem to lament the passage from Christ's idea of the Kingdom to the Apostolic conception of the Church as a lapse fom higher to lower "With all respect to the great Apostle, says Dr John Watson one may be allowed to express his regret that it St Paul had not said less about the Church and more about the Kingdom (Mind of the Master, p 21) It is true that Christ himself said little about the Church But it is beyond question that He established it We may owe to the Apostles our doctrine of the Church, but we owe the Church itself to their Master Paul in notes great deal about the Church He had much to do with the formation of churches in many places But in all he was 'late and did he felt himself to be simply the agent of another The Church Wfts the creation of Ghi 1st Every company of believers, drawn together through Paul's preaching in common devotion to Christ owed its existence as a church to the will of Christ He was its founder Apart from His action it could never have come into being This is equally true of our churches to day. They exist by the will of Christ He is the Supreme Person in every church as its founder The humblest fellowship of men and women, united by common love to Christ, owes its existence as a church to Him alone. Unless He established it, unless devotion to His person and obedience to His will are the bonds that have drawn it together, no society is rightly called a Christian Church If He has founded it, if faith in Him as Lord and Saviour is the ground of its being then no matter how few and uninfluential Its members, nomatterhovv unpretentious its place of meeting, this little fellow ship of believers takes rank with the largest and most Imposing as a Church of Christ The Church is constituted by the presence of Christ in His Spirit, and ov nothing else "Wherever two or three are gathered together in His name, there Christ is and where Christ is, there is the Church Dale was walking one day in the neighbourhood of Ullswater with Dr Abbott, of the City of London School "He asked me with an expression of astonishment and incredulity says Dale, whether I really thought that" if the shepherds of Patterdale-a dozen or score of them determined to constitute themselves a Congregational Church, it, was possible for such a church to fulfil the purposes for which churches exist. To such a question there could be but one answer. Great natural sagacity. hitch intellectual culture, however admirable, are not essential ; it is enough, if when they meet, they really meet in Christ's name but no man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost." (Life of Dale, p. 217.) In the, humblest church, composed of men and women meeting in the name of Christ, we have a supernatural society, which owes its being to Christ Himself as founder. To revive our idea of the Church need we do more than remember that % (b) Christ holds the supreme place in the Church, and in every church as its Living Head. To call Christ the Founder of the Church is inadequate. He is both Founder and Foundation. I ask, who was the founder of a certain institution, and am told the name of some philanthropist, remembered indeed for his good works, but long since dead and gone. The management and support of the institution have been left to others, and it goes on very well without Its founder. This is not the case with the Christian Church. The founder of this Institution is also its foundation. The building needs and has a foundation that endures. The Church's one foundation Is Jesus Christ her Lord. And Christ is more than the enduring foundation. He is the living head of every Church. That is why our churches claim to be independent of outside control. They are Independent of human authority, because they are absolutely dependent on the divine will of Christ, their living head. Christ is present in every church, not merely as a gracious and hallowing memory, but as a living and governing person. In vision, John saw seven golden candlesticks, and in the midst of the seven candlesticks one, like unto the Son of Man, before whose august appearance the apostle fell as dead. (Rev. i. 12.) The seven candlesticks symbolised the seven Churches of Asia, and in the midst moved the majestic figure of the exalted Christ, observing, trimming, re- plenishing each lamp. The Christ of Johns vision is in the midst of the churches to-day We have to do with Him as churches And He deals with each church directly His presence leaves no room for priest or prelate Christ Himself Is the living head of the Church and of every church 'c) The last word has not been said about Christ's relation to the life of the Church when He has been recognised as its founder and as its living head the Church is His body He is to the Church what the late is to the human fi one Without His indwelling presence a Church is dehad We are members of the church only as we remembers also of Gin ist The Church hastily only as its members-. live in Christ and Christ In them this intimate relation of the law of Christ to the life of our churches is in itself enough to give dignity and sanctity to our church life to revive our idea of the Church need we do more than rev Ive our sense of Clauses presence in every Christian fellowship as its Founder its Head its very Life 1 It How shall we revive our idea of the Church By remembering Olnists ida tion to Its worship Christ holds the supreme place in the Church and in every church as the present object of its worship It is very wonderful that He who, during His earthly life Himself proved to the rather and worshipped within a short time of His death became to His disciples an object of worship let this is the fact When then Muster was finally parted from them and carried up into heaven His disciples worshipped Him and returned to Jerusalem with great joy That we 01 ship was different from the momentary acts of obeisance into which they had been surprised now and again during His earthly ministry by some startling display of His super human glow er They knew him now to be no less than Lord and God, and as such they made Him henceforth cost them with the Father He had i es caped and the Spirit he had promised the object of then con I limit worship they were shipped Him as present, although a cloud had received Him out of their sight He had passed beyond the range of their senses but not beyond the reach of their party els The first ills closes understood the ascension of their risen Lord is a symbol It had not removed from them the object of their faith and worship the change it still bolised was not local but spiritual a change of state and not of place Christ was as Really present with them as before Indeed He had only withdrawn His bodily presence that He might come to them in a more intimate communion of spirit They did not feel that they had lost their Muster a second time by His ascension as they had seemed to lose Ulm at His death they worshipped him and returned to Jerusalem with great joy They felt says Dale that the symbolic ascent of His visible form into the skies was no real severance of Christ from His disciples upon earth That ascent revealed to them that His home was with God but He had already revealed to them that His home was with them (Dale Christ and the 1 future Life p 152 ) So the first Christians found in the risen and ascended Christ the present object of their worship They w worshipped Him, and returned to Jerusa- learn with great joy And from that day they continued to make the ascended but not absent Christ the object, of their adore tion The letters of Pliny give us one glimpse of the early Christian Church in Asia Minor at the beginning of the second century Play was Governor of Bithymn 104 105 A R he wrote to the Emperor Trajan for advice about some Christ ians who had been brought before his tribunal These Christians, he says In his letter to the Emperor, declared that their offence or crime was summed up in this that they met on a stated day before day break, and addressed a form of prayer to Christ as to a divinity, binding themselves by a solemn oath not for any wicked purpose, but never to commit fraud, theft or adultery, never to break their word, or to deny a trust, when called upon to deliver it up, after a mob law as their custom to separate, and then to reassemble and to call together a harmless meal (Pliny Letters p lot ) They met and addressed a form of prayer to Christ us to a divinity or God. That was the substance of their offence. They still looked to Christ as the living and present object of their faith and homage And still to duty after eighteen more centuries, it is the same living and ever present Christ to whom we offer worship and pledge our loyal obedience He is still present where two or three meet to worship him He is still the object of our worship, ascended indeed but not absent Let us not fear in all our worship to give Ghi 1st the central and supreme place We cannot make out worship too strictly and de Unitedly Christian If ever our services seem to lack the note of sanctity and reality if ever they appear wanting in dignity and impressiveness is it not because we are forgetting that Christ though ascended, is not absent that He is still as present to receive the praises and to answer the prayers of His people, as when last the cloud re received Him out of the sight of His woncteimgtiiid woishipplngdisciples When we worship the Living Christ wo worship also the Father and the Holy Spirit, with whom in the mystery of the Blessed Trinity He is one But it is Christ who miles the object of worship real and distinct to our thought and feeling Only through Christ can we worship the 1 either intelligently and hem till for Christ both reveals the 1 other, and is the we ly to Him What a dun shadow, says Maurice AVhatadim shadow, known it would seem from our own minds has often been before us when we were kneeling before the Majesty of Heaven Most of us I suppose have known times when the God we try to worship has seemed vague and distant But have not these been times when we have lost the sense of Christ s presence? God is no dun shadow when we make the Risen and Ascended Christ the object of our adoration, and come to the I other through Him De m Stanley has remarked in Dr Arnold of Rugby as a lady to the right understanding of his whole char le ted, the peculiar feeling of love and adoration which he entertained towards our Lord Jesus Christ Quoting Arnold's own words, his biographer says In that unknown world in which our thoughts become instantly lost it was his real support and delight to remember that still there is one object on which our thoughts and mining unions may fasten, no less than our affections that amidst the light, dark from excess of brilliance, which surrounds the throne of God we may yet discern the gracious form of the Son of Man "In that consciousness which pressed upon him at times even heavily, of the difficulty of considering God in His own nature, believing, as he did, that Providence, the Supreme Being, the Dlety, and other such terms, repel us to an infinite distance, . . . it was to him a thought of perhaps more than usual comfort to feel that "Our God is Jesus Christ our Lord, the image of the invisible God, and that " in Him is represented all the fulness of the Godhead, until we know even as we are known. (Stanley s Life of Arnold, P 17) Nothing at seems to me, will do more to restore to our church life the note of sanctity and reality than the recovery of a very id sense that our God is "Jesus Christ our Lord, and that He is present to receive our worship whenever we gether in His name The desire to make worship attractive has been noticeable in many quarters of late It is right that our services should be made as an active c as possible We have given perhaps too slight attention to such aids to devotion as may be supplied by architecture and music and liturgical form but none of these external aids, numer noble architecture, Her exquisite bulging, nor impressive liturgy, nor all these things combined can make worship attractive. We cannot make worship attractive. The supreme attractiveness of worship is found in the person of Christ, whom we adore. When a' service proves dull and unimpressive is it not because we have failed to find, perhaps have even neglected to seek His presence 1 THe living Christ present in the midst of His people is the supreme and sufficient attraction. He only can make worship a delight. Yet how often in our services we think of everybody else present, of the preacher, of the choir, of the man in the next pew, and we go away having given scarcely a thought to Hun who is present always as the object of our worship, and whose grace alone can make it a joy and a profit to our souls? We can do without noble architecture and exquisite (singing and stately ritual ; bill; without the real presence of the living Christ we cannot do. His presence we have in the heart of each true worshipper, and in the midst of all. To revive our idea of the Church need we do more than realise this Not only as the object of our faith and adoration is the living Christ with us in our churches ; He is present also in the energy of His Holy Spirit, the inexhaustible source of every gracious influence, tile fountain of all spiritual power. In our worship "we, of course, have an active part to take. We come to offer praise and prayer to God our Saviour, But are we to think of ourselves alone as active ? Christ surely has His part in all our worship. He is present to receive our homage. He is present also to bestow 011 us the riches of His grace. In our acts of devotion we give infinitely less than we are meant to receive. What, indeed, have we at our best to give ? Weak is the effort of my heart, And cold my warmest thought. We could not worship at all but that the Spirit "helped our infirmities," Christ Himself assists and answers our prayers. While we think of ourselves and of our own part in worship, we may well be depressed by the sense of Its feebleness. But think of Christ and of His part. Believe that in the humblest gathering of Christian people in the least pretentions building, even in one of those worship sheds which have lately provoked episcopal scorn, believe that Gin ist Himself, the living Christ is present and active and you will no longer complain that we worship lacks dignity and impressiveness and spiritual power Ave object to the use of the crucifix not only because it is a kind of idolntr),but because it insecure sents the object of our worship the Christ we adore is not on the cross He is on His throne He is not dying or dead He is the living Saviour of all who call upon Him in truth He is not separated from us by an interval of many centuries He is present in our midst whenever we gather in His name Oh show me not in Saviour dying As in the cross The bled Nor In the tomb a ciplivoljiner b o He has left the do id Then bid me not that form extended For my Kcdccmcrotwi VV ho In the highest holy end ascended In glory fills the fire We have believed 100 of that in the real presence of the living Christ in His churches If we have not His real presence and active help when we meet for worship then our meeting is vain We speak into the empty) air The Four s Supper was instituted usa memorial of the buy Your s death As often as ye eat this bread and drink this cup } lode show the Louis death till He come (1 Cor xi 20) But the Louis Supper was meant to be and is more than a national feast If Jesus when He died, had passed from our earth as other good men have done leaving nothing but the influence of His wonderful works and the memory of His spotless life His followers might still have met and observed this rite They might have remembered Jesus never remember friends that have i,911 recalling we defend affection their wise words and kindly deeds In that case the service would have been entirely different from what it is the Apostles did not remember Jesus as they remembered John the Baptist as were member Christian saints who have died in bone them as they never thought of Christmas dead or absent they knew Him to be living and present among them. The lot is Supper was to them a service of Holy Communion with a lix ing and present Saviour not a memorial of one who was dead and gone When they took the bread and wine they believed that the living Christ was present to give them what ever these elements symbolised Had He not said Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink His blood ye have no life 111 you? (John vi rid We do not believe 111 unv magical change of material substances into the very body and blood of Christ But in the real presence of Christ, not less real because it is spirit's! we do believe, and that He is pleased, through His own ordinance of the supper in a special way to nourish the spiritual life of those who trust in Him We come to the Lord stable to receive It is needful then that we come not only with a true penitent heart but also with a lively faith in Him whose life, given to us as well as for us is s) abolished in what we eat and drink In our protest against a real presence that is gross and calls, we must not become indifferent to the spiritual presence of Him, apart from whom our vv worship is v acts, and the Christian life itself impossible In out recoil from materialistic conceptions of the Eucharist it is to be feared that many of us have gone to the other extreme We have done less than justice to the Divine ordinance of the Supper By tacking it on to the ordinary service as a mere addendum and by burr) ing through it so quickly as scarcely to allow time for real com minion w chave inflicted serious loss on ourselves and on our Church life At no time is a church more likely to rise to a due sense of its sanctity) and dignity) than when Its members gather round the table of their Lord We shall do much towards the revival of the church idea among us if while guarding ourselves carefully against sacerdotal error we yet can deavour to give to the Lords supper the meaning and importance it bus in the thought and purpose of Him who instituted it, who is still personally) present us Host at His own t able III How shall we revive our idea of the Church? By remembering Christ s relation to its work Christ holds the supreme place in every church as the director of its work Churches exist for we work as well as for worship We are called to service not less than to salvation Every) Christian man has his sphere and his appointed work for Christ And each church has also its place and work as 1 church Paul speaks of the Church as the body of Christ This figure shows very beautifully) the mutual interdependence of Christians, who are all members of one body and therefore members one of another It also declares the intimate connection between Christ and the Church Something has been said already about the Church s dependence on Christ We may learn also from this figure Clnists dependence upon the Church What the body does for the spirit of H man that the Church is to do for the living but unseen Saviour Through it He acts upon the world continuing and completing the work which He began during His end till) ministry loiChusts work in the world is not yet done The Cross mails a begin lung rather than in end It is finished cried the dum. Redeemer But His finished in oak on the cross only liberated the divine energies b) which He was to accomplish the full redemption of man kind Christ still carries on his saving w 011 and he uses the Church as His agent No church is meant to live 01 indeed can live well) for itself As one has said The Church that shuts itself in will soon shut itself up Aschuiches we need a quick ened conscience and nothing will quicken the conscience like the felt presence of the living Christ Lord what wilt Thou have me to do? was the cry of Paul when he felt himself for the first time face to face with the risen Lord This will be our city as churches as soon as we realise the personal presence of Christ among us as the living Director of our well And the prayer will find an answer Christ has some vi oil for every Church new class for every Christian to do One remembers that there were things our Lord Himself refused to do and that there are things with which the Church, while thoroughly loyal to her Head, may decline to interfere Alan who made me a judge or a divider over You? asked our Lord when they would have made Him arbitrator in a dispute about property He refused to act in that capacity There was higher work for Him to do And there are many questions 011 which her advice is sought which the Church may wisely leave alone Apart from these doubtful matters Christ has abundance of work for every church to do. He cared for the sick and poor, and still He cares for them Every church in its ministries to the distressed and needy is carrying on the work of Him who went about doing good Christ- cared supremely for the spiritual welfare of men and for that He still cares supreme) To preach the Gospel to the spiritually poor of every class is the work He has specially committed to the churches To revive our sense of responsibility, we need but to realise His presence as director of our church work He will quicken the conscience and enlighten the understanding of His Church, showing us clearly what He will have us do and how The church meeting It has been said is the supreme occasion in our church life How often we fail to make it this The attendance is not large the business seems trivial and uninteresting But take the church meeting even as it is at its poorest and realise that it is a church meeting Look round at this little gathering and ask yourself what distinguishes it from an Ford 1 nor) association As far as outward appearance goes It might be the, meeting of a social or literary club What makes it a church ? Nothing but the presence of Christ in the heart of each and in the midst of all Believe that these men and women are members of Christ s body) and that Christ Himself is present through His Spirit to answer their prayers to preside over their deliberations, to determine and sanction their decisions to minnow or them in all their undertakings believe this, and the smallest church meeting assumes at once its true dignity and importance No meeting of a church is fully constituted by the members who are visibly present and the minister who presides The most important person, He whose presence constitutes the church and gives validity to its proceedings is not seen This is our theory It is simple and scriptural Lctusdarc to believe it Let us not dare to believe anything less than it r What Dr Fairbairn says of the Apostolic churches is equally true of ours - " The most glorious sanctities, the severest authorities the highest dignities belonged to the Church, not through any official priesthood-for there was none but through the personal 1 relation to Christ of the men who formed it, and His presence in their midst (Christ in Modern Theology, p -122 ) To quicken our sense of Christ's presence and of His intimate relation to the work the worship, and the life of our churches, seems to me the one thing needful for the revival among us of the Church Idea IV From what has been said it will appear that we must revise our idea of Christ if we would revive our idea of the Church It is only by recovering a true conception of what Christ is and is doing for the Church to day that we are likely to resort to our Church life its true note of re flit) and sanctity Back to Christ has been a cry fruitful of great good to the thought and life of Christendom Though the patient and laborious researches of Christian scholars Inspired by this w atchw ord, we have come to know, perhaps better than was ever known before, what manner of man Jesus I was For this knowledge we ought to be I profoundly thankful. It is of the very ' highest interest and value But is it of itself enough? Certainly, we in onto know as I accurately and fully as possible what Justit 1 was, and what He said and did. But we need even more to know that Christ is I and what He does. A Welsh preacher | illustrated the thorough humanity of our Lord by a reference to the Stephen son celebration at Newcastle The long procession which marched through the streets in honour of the great inventor was wound up by a company of working men who bore a banner with the inscription, He was one of us "At the last day,' said the pn aches, when angels and archangels celebrate the 6 millions of our Lord, none of them will be able to say that. But from this little village of oat th the redeemed will come, and on the banner they bear may be the inner prison, ' Christ was one of us " Yes, Christ was one of us. Hut He is infinitely more. And it will be the sense of what He is, joined with the memory of whay He was, that will thrill our hearts it that last great day of the animals. As Chi 1st Inns and as churches wo. me even more can carried with what Christ is than with what He was. It is not wharfies did only, but what He is now doing that saves us Because He lives, not because He lived, we have life also, The cry "Back to Christ seems to have misled some, and may miss lend us We hav e not to travel back ov 11 a long space of centuries to get to Clu ist. He does not belong to the first centiiiN exclusively but to the nineteenth, and to the way entirely, and to every century. Let us not say, " Back to Chi 1st," but " Up to Christ." For Christ is living, here and now, an even Christian heart and in every Christian church. "Lo," he says, "him with you all the days even unto the end of the world. ' "One of Dales late letters I quote from his biography recalls the rapture that came to him was the the discovery that Christ was alive; for weeks, he says, he could think of nothing else, could pi much about nothing else. The (first fell on abated, but to the end of his ministry the thought of the living Christ remained dominant over him." (Life, p. 220 ) Perhaps Dale tendered no greater service to the churches than by trying to make the thought of the Living Christ dominant also over them. To lev Ive in the Church a fuller consciousness of its mysterious dignity and true conception of its great purpose to do kindle the faith that Christ not only guides His Church and watches over it, but is actually present in the midst of it. This," says his biographer, "seemed to him at that time the one task to which he had been set." (p 217.) It was a noble task, and nobly was it done. In this address, as will be abundantly evident to all, I have attempted little more than to remain in a very imperfect way some points of Dale's teaching about Christ and the Church. The client will, however, not be altogether valueless if, through my feeble words, There reaches the churches of this Union some echo, however faint, of his stirring voice in the pages of his biography, which has lately reached us, this greatest of modern Congregationalists seems to speak to us one last message from the unseen. It is the same inspiring truth which was the burden of his pi reaching while he lived. Christ is alive. Christ is present in the Church and in every true Church, the source and sustainer of its life, the object and inspirer of its worship, the living director of its work. Let such a conception of Christ possess us, and vi e shall be in little danger of missing the true note of sanctity and reality in our church life and procedure. It is with this living and glorified Christ we have to do. Let us exult Him to His right place in our thought and worship, and say with the ancient Church "Thou art the King of Glory'. O Christ. Thou art the everlasting Son of the Father, , . . . Thou sittest at the right hand of God in the glory of the Father. .... O Lord, save Thy people, and bless Thine heritage. Govern them and lift them up for ever Revs. W. Perry Hart and J. Hibble Thwaite conducted the first part of the meeting. 