A NEW NERO. CHAPTER X. (Continued). A REALISTIC ROMANCE BY EDGAR FAWCETT, AUTHOR OF "An Ambitious Woman," “The Evil that Men Do," Etc, I how conceived the plan of not being pro sail fit Blanche’s funeral, but to feign at. illness that would make ill the tenants and acquaintances of the deceased explain my absence in. pitying terms. It would bo easier, I argued, to lie m bed an! partially starve myself there, than to appear for iho third time at a funeral of one of my own kindred within a space that was relatively so brief, and to assume the looks and manners.of i. mourner in circumstances which would do* uiand that my grief should bo still more ex cessive and solemn. Accordingly, on the following morning, I underwent a seven attack of nervous exhaustion, and sum moned Dr. Hlningford, tolling him that on attempting to rise I had swooned away and must have remained unconscious for nearly an hour. Luckily I had not brought my valet with me to Graydon.otherwiao he might Lave suspected this tale as apocryphal. That Dr. SUongford did not so suspect it was no surprise to me ; he felt my pulse, assured mo that the sensations I described were by no means peculiar, considering my fapid Journey from Paris and the severe strain afterward endured, and advised mo by all means to remain in bod for at least tiro rest of that day. X remained there till thv fuss and flurry of the funeral were entirely over. My uncle visited mo twice, but did net stay long, chiefly, I believe, for the reason that 1 had seen in his hand a hnlf- smokcd cigar when lie first presented himself at my bedside, ami had plaintively begged liim not to smoko in my chamber, as I felt sure it would bring on an attack of faintness. I also begged him not to let either Angus or Edna see me (they both arrived from their Essex home in time for the funeral), greatly though I desired to freed them once again. I suspected that Tntdo Cecil gave me a smile of furtive grim ness at this last injunction. But ho pro mised to obey 1 it, and as a consequence I was not annoyed by the peering gaae and harsh deportment of my two cousins. Other re lations, as I learned later, expressed the de sire to come and condole with mo on my ill ness ; and an old servant who had been at Mountstuart since his boyhood informed me on the morning after Blanche's while ho handed mo my chicken broth, that the fact of my being invalided like this had caused nearly as much comment “as tho poor young corpse itself." This kind of popular saliency was just what I desired. When I “felt better," and was "able to appear downstairs,” the groat house had grown quiet, again, except for Mrs. Giddings' occasional hysteric wails. This forlorn lady was left; quite penniless and alone by Blanche's death; for when, a little later, tho question arose as to whether the dead heiress had left any will if was dis covered that, unlike her brother Egcrton, she had died intestate. “And what wonder?” I said to Uncle Cecil, with throbs of deep seeming emotion in my voice. “Tho poor girl never dreamed of dying for years yet. and doubtless would not have done so if this dark disaster had not fallen upon her. All that she had now goes to you, uncle, and to your children after you. But If you will permit me, sir, to offer one slight yet well-meant bit of coun sel, I would suggest that faithful old Mrs. Giddings were assured some sort of decent provision in her declining years.” To this prop:>s(d my uncle gave ready as sent; and I may hero add that tho rest of the oil lady's existence was one of case if no more. It lasted but a few months longer, however, and only a brief time before her death from, the third stroke of paralysis, a dictated letter reached me, in which she “blessed” me very amply and prettily for having been the kindly intercessor between herself and tho present master of Grcydon Hall. 'T bless you also,” run another sen tence, “for haring so mercifully hurried to poor Blanche, since”sho loved you with great lovo and whatever may have been her torments at the last, I am sure tliat in a measure they were lessened, by knowledge of vour near ness.” As this document had in its opening lines informed mo that the sender owed to Blanche's horrible clccth her fatal illness and own approaching end, I could not but re gard it with curious concern. Hero was I, in all probability the murderer of my cousin, and no doubt tho cause of this old lady's mortal distemper as well, receiving from Blanche’s dearest friend and adherent words j roploto with gratitude and loving-kindness. I smoked a fragrant cigar over the epistle, re perusing it several times. Tho exquisite sar casm of the whole situation diverted me! greatly. But before this I had left Graydon Hall, gone bock to London, and resolved upon my Eastern trip. Meanwhile the most marked tide of condolence swept in upon me. My London acquaintanceship charitably resented J the seclusion into which family calamity had so cruelly forced me. “It is nob fair,” said one feminine friend, “that yon should be, thus incessantly barred from all social en joyments, “You forget,” I answered, “that the sor row of these repeated losses must put me in no mood for gaiety.” Again a friend of my own. sox urged me: “lb will not bo thought ip tho least bad form, nty dear Harold, if you seek distinc tion from this gloom of affliction that has fallen upon you. That you should live l;ke a. hermit, now at the height of the Loudon season, is unfair both to yourself and to the many admirers whom your wit and charm have secured for you.” “Dear Reginald,” I returned, “you forget that I feel like a hermit. My uncle was vorv dear to me—as dear, I imagine, as is now your own father, the Earl Though I knew Egerton Mountstuart somewhat ill, I was wretchedly smitten by Jus brutal murder. And as for my cousin Blanche, I need not boll you how perfect a little saint she was, how I reverenced the very ground she walked on, and how her strange, agonising death has for tho present put me at odds with ail thought of mirthful living.” These arc but two samples of my “fine speeches,” I made a good many more, and felt quite a victorious glow when I had suc ceeded in shedding several real tears during a visit from tho young Duke of Wcsthamp ton, accompanied by that elderly but radiant star of fashion, Mr. Wymbcrly Wyllys. My uncle Cecil came to see me, quite un expectedly, during tho early weeks in June. Ho was just as haughty and austere as ever, though X could not bub notice that his old liking for mo still was repugnant. I indeed ventured to ask if my infidel notions had shocked him past forgiveness, and instead of receiving the chill rebuff winch I knew he was such an adept at giving,. I merely mot a toss of the small, high-held head and a fluttering of the arrogant eye lids. “Don’t let ua talk of that, my dear boy. It’s positively terrifying the way in winch all of our younger generation is running to radicalisms. By tho by, Harold, have you a cigar? I am forced to confess that I haven’t one left, and that I neglected to stop my cab for some as I passed through Piccadilly.’’ Instantly X apologised and rang for my servant. In tho bos of cigars ho produced lay a score or so of very ffavorous weeds, and my uncle had soon showed his apprecia tion of their quality by consuming several at rapid speed. I could not help at length '$aymg: “Your love for tobacco still enthralls you, I see." “Oh, yes,” ho replied, “and always will, I imagine that I shall need a cigar on my deathbed—if I ever die slowly enough to have a deathbed." “And those attacks?” I asked. “Are they Jess frequent now?” “Decidedly.” He laughed his bleak, dry laugh- “Fm beginning to fancy that I’ve Smoked them away.” He at once cliangod the subject and began talking of his son. "Is it not too bad that that Angus persists «i remaining at 01 oewe Lodge?" jr H& prefers Eeses, I think you said.” “Ho prefers his abominable snakes. In one way it is better that he should have all th,e house to liimself, for that 'serpentrr ium/ as he rather sillily calls it, made a most distressing, annex while I was there, I us’d to think I heard the creatures hiss when •- slept ill, and then there was always the latent dread trat one of them would act loose and oome wriggling through one of tho doorways or be found coiled on’one of the sofa-cushions. Of course I would not hear of tho beastly collection being brought to ■Graydon, And so, as if to revenge liimself, .Angus stays quartered with his slimy idols. Well, lot him, if ho please®. There's us mending his ways. He's quarrelled with Mr. Tovrecj thoiigh l beHeVb Umt was partly Edna's hum. Sho took a thslikc to that blameless person and induced -Angus to irri tate him. into leaving, . Towsc ww tny l&sr; hope fyr Angus, mid now he's gone to Mel bourne with a rich Australian who was hen >n & visit. Angus is at present tutorless, and will never go to college, will never b anything but an eccentric dunce. Oh, m-- children, Harold, are a sod pairI" And Uncle Cecil heaved a great peryous sigh. I felt the mighty compliment of Ids confiding sentences. Few others h&sitle; myself lino ever seen him unbend thus graciously." "Edna is living with you it the Hall I asked. ; •'■Yes," ' I “She prefers it to her former home?” | Hero my uncle departed from me, as it werj, in u eraokc-clond, and then reappeared wearing a look of tired disdain. .“Boally. j Harold," lie said, “I am very had at keeping accounts of Edna's caprices." “Thoy ro so numerous, then ?“ ’’They're the sands of the seashore. How even tliat meek Miss Bomsdell jnils up with her the early Christian martyrs could pos sibly have explained, but. these alone. How ! ever, in ordinary justice to Edna, it should , ho said the occupancy of Clceve Lodge must in any case have been made revolting by that new horror which Angus has domesti cated there." "You mean ?” '•Oh, I mean his abominable suske from Brasil." "It lias arrived, then ?” “It has arrived, and it is the hugest sort of python, and (worst of all!) it is tame." jTamc? A South American boa?" * * w AcfcualIy. > "‘a|»gui ims''given it ;.<t small apartmentquitAjto itself, hut now-Upd their he leads it forth, when not in one of its post-prandial torpid states, among its housed companions. A few weeks ago he presumed to do more than this. Ho brought it into the morning-room where Edna and Miss Bomsdell were seated. Their shrieks re sound yet m my ears whenever I fell speci ally nervous. It came undulating across the fclireshold, with its big heed erected, and both ladies were nearly driven mad with frigid, Edna just escaping the most serious results. Angus,” ended my uncle, with abrupt solemnity, “ will make a strange mas ter for the Mountstuart estates. And I sus pect he will very soon succeed to them," “How gloomy mi outlook. 1 ” I exclaimed. "You can't mean what you're saying." *T do—I do." He shivered palpably here, and surprised me by laying down his cigar. All his habitual pride of manner had gone; a kind of scared sadness lit his eyes. "For that matter, Harold, there seems a curse on the very name. Three of us to lie swept away in a few months!” He paused, laugh ing joylessly. “Possibly it means that we shall go on jmrishing tall you're the heir. Such things have hapjxmcd, I believe.” "And such a thing sliall happen again," I said to my own thoughts. But aloud : “Oh, uncle, don't cherish these bat-like fancies. They borrow their hues. I fear, from the dusk of the tobacco-leaf," “Perhaps," he returned, moodily. “I sometimes flunk that I will make a mighty i effort, before long, and say good-bye to it fur ever.” “Pray do so,” I answered, rifling and lay mg my Itand upon his arm, I used niy most persuasive and kindly look, which had al ways won and charmed people, and which wrought now its usurd captivating effect. This autocratic kinsman’ of mine, so su percilious with almost everybody who ap proached him, stretched forth his hand and warmly clasped my own. “The effort," I continued, “will not be half so strenuous ftS / ou anticipate. After a few days of absftiuoncb you will begin to dtolight in tho consequences of your own self-control. I am sure that I can riwht, dear uncle. Trust 1 me —and try!" ”1 will—I ivill, dear hoy !" The fervour and feeling of tliis answer surprised me, accompanied as it was with a i renewed pressure of my hand. And in an- i other second, to my increased amazement, • I saw that the speaker’s eyes—often so : hard and chilling—had become misted .with ; actual tears. Meanwhile the last earthly i thing that I desired was the very reform 11 had just counselled. For already a distinct \ plan had occurred to me of killing this, my I fourth victim, by means of the ’ same vice ! which I had now so openly deplored. How- i ever, I felt securely certain that ho neither : would nor could alter his mode of living. ! My wistful and tender bit of admonition j . was, after all, a safe stroke of hypocrisy ; and to play tho hypocrite with success and ] impunity was always a course of action that gave mo strong furtive tlirills of piercing pleasure. - OHAPTEBOQ. My plan, however, must not be earned out for a good while to come. On taking leave of Uncle Cecil I had already deter mined that a year should elapse before I became the Agent of his extinction (eu phonious name for his murderer, was it not?) and when I began to reflect in solitude up on this determination, I grew more and i more convinced of its neat if devilish shrewdness. The MounUfcuart death-roll had been hastily enough called already. I was still young ; a year was not long for me to wait, in spite of impatience to call myself lord of those noble acres. True, if I gove to Agnus, to Edna, and finally to Olive, each a year apiece, the term of ex pectancy would prove tedious past concep tion, But such a policy need by no means be preferred. Let me call my whole dead ly design, if I chose, a drama in seven acts. All dramas, when played, have at least one entr’acte of longer duration than those which precede or follow it. How, then, should I pass the interim ? What should I do that would correspond to going out into one of the lobbies and smok ing a leisurely cigarette? My lobbv. I soon concluded, should mean Egypt, India, and othdr Oriental climes; and as for my cigarette, that should bo symbolcd by the zest with which I enjoyed these lazy and colourful wanderings. As it turned out, I spent no more than six montlis in Eastern lands, coming back from Bombay when London was clad with dolorous fogs. The truth had been that my tastes ns a traveller were too luxurious for my moderate income. The gorgeousness of those barbaric countries, all the richer because of the squalor which one found al lied with it, provoked alike envy and ennui. At tho same lime, if I may nresume upon the statement, I felt, an added effect of de moralisation, and Coturued, so to soeak, more callously wicked than when I had gone. All the monuments of perished splendour beheld in my travels were so many living proofs that human destiny was the voidest and vainest of trivialities. What mattered it if history wrote her chronicles in blood and tears? A few centuries more or less, and was not the whole scripture one sha dowy blur? Who then could tell the base deeds from tho heroic, the turpitude of the tyrant from tho sacrifice of tho saint? It all ended in tho same forlorn wav—a tem ple, a palace, a triumphal pillar, with those who had. roared them .dust,, and time liv every stealthy means in its newer seeking to raze and annul what their mined hands had wrought. Could the mind of man con ceive anything foriomer than his own career since the ta ; I of the ape drowned from his spine and its gibberings grew ar ticulate language on his lips? He had for ever been in abject fear of death, and had for ever shaped from this fear new gods that he forsook for newer still. , His very existence on the planet had been a contemp tibly small part of its duration, and for millions of years hereafter this globe of d ; rt that goes whirling about tho sun would not only cease to contain him, but woidd forget that he had ever moved among its continents and isles. Since his birth he bed ceaselessly been crying out for light, and as ceaselessly had persecuted and dcr stroyed almost every fellow-creature who had sought to biers him with its beams. He had wantonly wallowed in ignorance, and for his folly dnunk to tho dregs bitterest draughts of punishment. Yet no punish ment had cured him of tliis folly. Ho Had grovelled before his worst foes and crucified his friends. Superstition had been his curse, yet to tell him that he was superstitious had meant to get from him in | return the dungeon, the rack, the block, j or the gibbet. Infinite numbers of times he had shown himself a bigot and a dotard, yet none the less had he crowned himself at last with the tinsel of a behoved immorta lity. insisting that it was nurest gold. The Christianity to which he now clung in pro fessed reverence ho had made ridicidous and blasphemous, hating out his hates. lying out his lies, as though in the creed that for bade them there had been no vestige ot such veto. Why hoed the welfare of so. self- contradictory a dullard? , Ho had but to use his reason and see that the ends of all happiness wene Korc„and now, that the crumbling records of Thebes and Benares, of Balboc arid Borsepolis, were merely mementoes of, hia- dunce- like., credulity, ‘ ■Whatever, the mystio and mighty design of creation, ho bad-but to recognise that he, an ephemeral biped,. infini tesimal part of itPiio iuofo aritf no less than the falling of a leaf in a huge forest tliou sends of years ago. And yet. in hisimen sate egotism, poor moto dancing amid tlu mmshiue of an hour, he presumed to Hat tw himself that ho was tn exiled deity, hi angel with inchoate wings, an heir to ctcr mF elysium. \ Ho Imd simply to vccollcc that if the absurdity of his living for evo were indeed true, then ho must hnro had an auto-natal life, since the endless can have known no beginning. But lie is incapabh of recollecting any ante-natal life, and why. thou, should ho dream that-death would-not in the same way blot out all memor of the life tlutougb which ho passes now't Hence, even taking him on his own pre posterous ground, would not the grave bring to him victual annihilation if nothing more absolute? Well, since lie loved" his idiotic delusions, let him go on through tin ages playing with them hko the silly toys they were, now' building his fanes and now pulling them 'down, how swearing by one god and now by another. "Holding no form of creed, but contemplating all ‘ T, at least, I, Harold Mountstunrt, who knew my self for the mean atom that I was, would suck what sensuous honey I could from this quick-withering liowor of my brief earthly sojourn, and go down into my tomb careless both'of the terrible pathos and the clown ish stupidity that clung about the fate of my kind! Damnable tenets you will, call these, good reader, bub my entire consciousness of their evil perhaps made them more damnable still. Endow' a rattlesnake in its native thicket with the intelligence of a cultivated man, while yet allowing it to retain its full venomous desires, mid you will reach some clear idea of my odd mental state. That which came within my path I chose mortally to sting. I did not confine myself, as does the unreasoning rattlesnake, simply - to the destruction of what materially hindered and opposed me; I used my fangs in se curing a more commodious thicket then the one I had already possessed, and in better ing,- at whatever price, my general encom passment. I was a reptile of sordid am bitions, microscopic conscience, excessive shrewdness, and enormous skill in exploit ing my capacities to slay. ' Moving amid my fellows, 1 gave no sign before I sprang upon my prey without the faintest rustle of sound my folds uncoiled themselves. I was the essence of social danger, and per fectly understood that if many mono such beings as myself were to breathe hero on earth it would bo a bidiug-placo of desola tion and dismay. Once back in .Umdon, I yielded to the persuasions of Mends and went out into the world, success there was now more brilliznt than it had ever been before, and because, I suppose, of my late vourney ings. Not that X played, by-any means, the part of the travelled rhapaodisl-, No thing is drearier, as x had lopg ago dis covered, than the person who incessantly thrusts at his friends verbal photographs of countries which he has visited aid they have not. I made a point of never referring to my eastern experiences except when asked j to do so, ami then X touched upon them j with so much commingled freshness and hu mour that ray recitals grew flatteringly in popular demand. Meanwhile I abstained from all large gatherings, never permitting I myself to be seen at theatres, end referring j r.t discreet intervals to the state of mourn ing in which I still remained. Uncle Cecil had written me one or two sombre letters from Graydon Hall, in which he declared that, his health was by no means good, and once ho made so distinct on allusion to his unabandoned habit of exorbitant smok ing that I felt encouraged by the confirmed weakness tin’s admission betrayed. For allhoug I had granted h ; m several monMis more of life, my purposed -mode of ending his days had now taken clear lines of future' accomplishment, and I had begun a series of trips diwn into my country-home of Dyandotte, for work there in my chemical laboratory. The study of nelsons had al ways fascinated me, though 1 knew nothing concerning the deadly drug of nicotine, and desired that its preparation in the most toxic form should bo an affair solely of mv own agency, and should stay imshrred either by the knowledge or surmise of any one on earth. Adroitly, mournfully and in quarters where I know the tidings would tell the most, I mentioned the cause of my uncle s failing health. "In my own presence, just before I wont to the East," I would affirm, he fainted dead away, and afterwards told me that continue! smoking was the reason of it.” Or again:' "His physicians have 1 begged and warned him in vain regarding to bacco, of which lie consumes groat quan tities." Or still again: /‘Poor Uncle Cecil is hardly ever without a cigar between his lips, though the doctors frovn upon and for bid its use.” Convinced, that the grip of Id's passion was permanent, I wrote him an implor ing letter which he answered in a hopeless yet k'ndly strain. This letter of mine I composed at Dyandotte, and on the very day it was scaled and forwared I had as sured myself that my feat of brewing the poison would be as effectual ns if performed by the trustiest expert. Nicotine is a poison rcrely found in the flagons of professional chemists. It .is an oily and colourless fluid when pure, and is one .of the volatile alkaloids, like hem lock, piturie, or sparteine. t found Fs manufacture somewhat troublesome, espe- 1 cially as I wished to guard against haring too strong fumes from the tobacco whence I derived it escape among the servants of the household. Alcohol and ether, as I soon learned, will dissolve nicotine in every proportion, and on distilling such solutions we perceive that nicotine goes ' over first. With nitric, and a few other similar acids, it does not readily crystallise, but with tartaric and oxalic acid it will join to form white crystalline salts, of which oxnliio of nicotine is soluble in alcohol. From this salt, the best for such a purpose, X regenerated nicotine in a pure riate. It ‘ pleased me to discover that the poison had very seldom been known as on employed ! means of murder. Accident explains near ly ah the fatalities which have resulted from it. Criminal cases, however, have oc curred. A famous one was that of the killing of M. Foujrnies by Count Bocarme, and his wife. The Count made an actual study _of chemistry in order to prepare the alkaloid with his own hands. Ho slew his victim, bub in a most bungling style. Though death was almost immediate, he endeavored to hide trace of his crime by pouring strong acetic acid into the mouth and over | the body of the corpse. Count Bocarme was executed, I believe, for this very clumsy proceeding—one whose dunce-likc j awkwardness might better have doomed him to the most refined species of torture.- I There have also been a few suicides from nicotine, and herb the archives of its in juries end. One fact, however, stimulated and pleased 1 me. The best authorities in toxicology, when treating of nicotine, cd mittod that its presence in the bodv of a, human being supposedTonave died from its. effects was cxcossivly hard to find, pro vided this person had been a confirmed smoker, ’ All through the remainder of the winter, and well past the beginning of the spring, I refrained from going to Graydon Hall. My uncle also refrained from coming up to I/ondon, and finally wrote me in terms that for him had ah almost affectionate ring.. Why had I not paid him a visit, and would I, not shortly forsake town distractions for this, purpose, even if my stay were a very brief one? Then followed a dreary little confession of his own increased discomforts. A nervous drtnd bed come upon him, a dread of wliich ho was keenly ashamed, and yet one to. which ho dared not do otherwise than yield® He had been seized by it quite suddenly ; ho shivered with fright at the thought of entering a railway train. “Dr. Strangford is no -longer hero,” he wrote, "and eri older and much wiser man hes taken his place. This Dr. Kneelnnd as sures mo that my curious fear of travel bias before now drifted into hit; professional ken.. He desires me to place myself ly beneath his treatments and I need not touch upon, a certain stringent d etcil, of Jjis. medical advice. In this respect, Harold, I feel that fit is too late for mo to mend; Mending might indeed mean death to me at. my time of life and in my relatively en feebled state. - Already I' am beset "By fits of the severest depression, and those oncer fainting attacks, of which you witnessed one in your own chemheriv sxc now for more frequent than ever before. Such a short time ago' I "had qualms of envy when I thought) how proud was mv brother's for tune and position compared with my own. Here I am, possessed of both, the reignin'* master of; this magnificent heritage, and :yet my shattered nerves and. mv failing vitality rob the mastership of every --rate ful thtGI. Through these lofty rooms rnd corridors move the .ghosts of my brother Malcolm, of ill-fated Egerton, of poor, worse-fated Blanche. . In ray dark-moods I' keep osking myself ; if my doom may no!' swiftly follow theirs. These are perhaps bub tlio cobwebs that faucy spins, yet I lint! them strangely stubborn; the besom of reason is powerless to brush them away. '■ Brooding over these despondent lines; X saw in them film very chance that I desired, it was now; nearly u year since Blanche had died/ What use in waiting longer? And' yet I would willingly wait if nature gave evidence of soon bocominv . my abettor. Possibly she had already numbered my undo's days, and if so I would very daclly join issue with her* and retire, as it were, in deference to her neater tactics. It whs high time, however,.-I concluded, tliab Graydon Tln.ll should see something more of me. And a few days later I de parted tliilher, carrying carefully on my person a small, but well-filled flask, of whose contents no ono living could possibly have been aware save myself. (To be continued.) ■ 