TURF TOPICS. Jlymottus, the winner oC (he Inst., rinn c»iid in «/mno- to \\.'UUIjU.UIU VUj.'j IU -"« vw y»- Q '/a India. < The Viceroy's Cup (Calcutta) was won by the Sydney horse, vanxtas. The Walers seem to retain their form in the land of the Kajuhs. Oban, who has lately acquired the reputation of being an exceed ingly speedy animal, is to pay the usual penalty of exile. He has been bought for England. It is held that Anrum is the best horse that: W. H. Wilson ever raced. Whatv this means may, perhaps, be better appreciated, after a study of the following little list of horses which have borne the St. Albans' colors to victory : — Aurum, Strathmore, Wallace, Zalinski, Car nage, Havoc, -Resolute, and Bobadil. Oil: meetings in Victoria are de cidedly " off." Suburban clubs are mostly in a condition of intending insolvency. Too much racing and too little money for their patrons. That's what's the matter with the suburban business. . Buildings, fences, and course going to ruin because the owners cannot find means to repair them. Dividends paid at Adelaide on' the occasion of the A.ll.C.'s Summer meeting may be called respectable. Bubble paid £35 18s. in the Steeple chase, and Tranquillity £38 in the Burn side Handicap. La Reine, in the Welter, paid £12 3s., and ' Thunder King £17 18s. in the An niversary Handicap.. The other divs. were £2 10s. and £5 13s. The Victorian Tote Bill, which ' failed to become law, provided that the commish. to be deducted should not exceed 8 per cent, nor go below .X in TTrt /.I" rt tl 4 /MS it J J.»tl LLIJI , I lit jJLl oliiCUu ULI Hi . V.R.C. spring meeting would mean a tidy lump of thousands. Its principal opponent in Victoria is Frank Madden, M.L.A., V.R.C., who, like most of the Madden family, looks upon anything new as being something unspeakably awful, and calculated to tear up the foundation of sassiety, and to grub out by the roots all the moss-covered land marks' of the olden time. The devil that F. M. knows he generally re gards with feelings of ardent friend ship, but the devil with whom he has never shaken hands is the worst kind of devil it is possible to con ceive. , Madden contends that the tote would in some way destroy the breed of horses. Also that it would' make Victoria a nation of gamblers. Also, that several other disasters, more or less unspecified, will shake the pillars of the common weal if the silent machine ever supplants the brilliant loud-voiced Ikey of the odds'. Frank is ably supported in his campaign of ex clusion against the tote by the church and the dev — we mean the ring. v i In the December Stakes, recently run at RosehiU, six horses came crashing down together. Fortu nately the accident was unattended by loss of life or breakage of limb. The accident is alleged to have been due to the big field of 'starters.' The meeting. at which the accident oc curred. was remarkable for ' the number of: its entries, there being no less than 132 starters for five races after large .with. drawals on account of the scarcity of sweep money. The horse train from Sydney comprised no less than 42 boxes for the aceom- niodation of 1(10 horses. It is pre dicted. that this sort of thing will go on till another butchery of jockeys lakes place. Of course it is the sweep business that, keeps crowds of useless weeds in these races. A horse may not have a , ghost of a chance, but if somebpdy holds him in the sweep it is as likely as not that it will be made worth while for the owner to start him. Ex-millionaire Hooley said a little while ago that lie had never given Duncan Macrae a penny, and that Duncan was " the honestest Mian of the lot." This was high praise, indeed. To be hall-marked by Hooley as incorruptible is a splendid certificate of probity, or ought to he, considering the readi ness with which lie " peached on h is pals/' It appears, however, that i C Duncan did not take a penny Mrs Duncan was not so scrupulous. Hooley gave her a third share of a racehorse which, lie bought for £2000. The question in this con nection seems to be : Did Hooley look upon the grey mare as being the better liovse ? Perhaps he thought Macrae was more- amen able to marital influence than to the monetary ditto. He was a deep and artful dodger, Ernest Terah Hooley, and if he couldn't get at a man one way was always willing to try another. 