RELIGIOUS SERVICES. Presbyterian, Golden Square.—The Sunday, school anniversary was celebrated, on Sunday, the, three serviced held being largely attended. The Rov. A. Barber, B.A., preached a special children s sermon m the morning from the life of Samuel, taking his text from tbo I Samuel, chap, iii., 16th verse, “Then Eli called Samuel, and said, ‘Samuel, , my son, and . he answered, /Hero am I.’ Thopreachor briefly outlined the of circumstances, leading up to the birth of Samuel, to the.earnest piety of his mother awl of bis careful homo, training.- He then took the namo Samuelj and using it, as an acrostic. alloUed each letter to denote a characteristic of his derout life. The initial., letter S- denoted him as a “son” obedient to his mother, praying at her knee, and learning from her the holy ways of the Lord, Her joy, her happiness,, the best gift of heaven to nor was this hoc only son, and tbo ' consecrated his lifo to the glory of the Master. . \- The second loftor, A.; read ; for "attention," . t ready to receive, instruction in tho Scriptures to , serve in the temple, attentive to the voice of ' God and to the teachings , of a door conscience andVa devout spirit,, for when Eli called Ho US’ • werod promptly, “Hero’am I." The third lette 1 said ' manly/' ■ ,Samuelwas aauporior.ohane tor;■ his whole lifo' was sono of work and suffer ing; he did thatlirhioh was required of him in a manly and willing cheerfully serving the Lord, assorting that which was right, preach ing and enforcing, the swords-of-God, despite tho taunts and ridicule of his enemies, tho eons of Eli, whomhouonounoed openly for thoir slaagh ter of tho Amalakitcs. The fourth letter, U., deaoled.his '‘unsolfiahnces," giving his lifo to the service of his people for the glory of God, dc fending thorn m times,of trouble end danger, : and in bis old- age giving up tho’ crown when he saw that-tho children of Israel required a new leader. The fifth letter, E,,-said earnest and energetic, which were two very important quali ties in Samuel’s noble life. Tho last letter, “Li." pointed to his loving dis position. ;bis- ; mcok and loving actions, his tender and sympathetic.‘words, well proven by the long sorrowing and mourning of his people who grieved for him many, days, for they loved Samuel, and ho loved them. Tho after noon addrosswmTby tho Rov. M. Hagenaur, Mr. Barber preaching again in the evening. During the services wero sung by tho scho lars under Miss E. Bisset. Miss Bradshaw sang the solo In Uio .morning, iond Mr, Andrew in the evening. Miss Bisset being the organist. A Converted Glovm.T-rTho announcement by the Salvation Army that "Max Wrinkle,” a con verted clown,-and an iton-jawed woman would bo present on Sunday evening, attracted a *argo crowd to the Bi$|i street barracks. But con trary to general, expectations, nothing unusual took place at tho service. The alleged ex-clown led on with a .fluent appeal to all sinners to quit - their evil ■ ways and # turn to the path of righteous ness, but did not,in tho least allude to his own past lifo,bis peraonolity, or any of the techni calities :of the' saovdusfduid spangle ■ trade, The ‘iron-jawedwoman’talep was hafdly up to ex pectations. ■ She spoke in a neat and : earnest manner on -the advantages of living a Christian lifo and as her “iron jawB” appeared to bo quite normal, she sang'two solo? in a ety)o that plea**l tho audience. ; . ■ ■ , Cburoh of Christ,E»glehawk.t-iMr. J. Sol wow preached in this church-, on-; Sunday night, fn The Day of Pentecost. The popular, or com mon idea was. that when a person turned trom sin and iniquity to ■ Christianity, faith and righteousness ho was baptised .with the Holy Spirit.. The: test said “When tho day had lully come.” There' Had been a.good deal of contro versy as - to thff meaning of .the word ’fully, but to the preacher’s mind it was easy of inter pretation. . The Jews’ day-commenced at sis m the night, -and-tho four watches *would last 12 f hours, so that it would be byight day when "there came a sound as of a" rusjnng mighty 'wind.” The apostles were waiting iu tho upper room at Jerusalem when this great event took place. It -was not stated that iho Spirit des cended on oaoh one severally, but tho influence filled tho-house, and so immersion .was as com plete as if . tho house were filled.; The first pose for which each of the apostles was filled witn the Holy Ghost was-that they might be made nt for the work of proclaiming the Goepol of thou Lord, Jesus Christ. 