Ghost Stories. Y Karrv Txor. Oif 1 the abominable pracuices of which reneiblo g-own people can be guilty, that of tolling ghost stories to children is the meot abominablo. The ran who would do it ought to be tied up in a dark cellar, and be danced around by a troop of Jack-o'-lanterns till dybreak ; and the woman who wonld do it ought to be obliged to forego winter atle and bi g leeves, and dream in ghostly whi'e theo rest of her life. Who bellover in ghosts1 Does any body ? Did any living person ever see one, without the help of the Imagination? Chidren's minds are new-they easily recelro impreselon., and firet impressions r lating. What unimaginable terrors the poor littlo things have nufferedthrough the indiscretion of their elders in repeating before them some silly story in which a ghost figured I They learn to be afraid of the dark. They will not go to bed without some one to sit by them until sleep comes, leat the ghost may put in an appearance. And if they wake op in the night, they mover their heads in the bed-clothes, and He still and tremble, and perspire, and wish they cbuld hear somebody's rooster crow, so that they could be sure morning was coming. Urown people thoughtlessly repeat stories of the supernatural, and descant upon signs, before children,never dream Ing of the trouble and distress they are causing. Not long ago, a dear little girl came to us, with tears in her eyes and terror on her face, and in trembling tones, asked us if we believed that breaking a looking glass was a sign of death ? Upon questioning her, she told us, with a great deal of evident distress, that she had broken a mirror, and that her aunt had told her it was a sure sign of death in the family; and the poor child's nearest relative being a dearly-loved mother, her fears had turned to her, and she was well-nigh distracted at the thought of losing her. Shd bad not slept the whole night before, she said, and we mentally wished that we had the power to punish the foolish old aunt One sign we believe in sincerely-when yen find a person ho is continamdly creaking about this thing and that thing being .a sign of coming misfortune or death, It is a sure sign that there is something lacking about the mind of that particular person an any reasonable, sensible man or woman believe that if God was about to take us hence,iHewould causes s to break a looking-glas in order to warn ues Would He send as an intimation of what was coming by the tick of an insect in the wall or the crowing of a broken up sitting hen on the doorstep ? Let as be done with such absuldities I Life is too real, too earneat, to be fooled away in any such manner as this. Let the other world alone! God will take care of it. If Be had designed es to know about it, thinte would have been arranged so that we could have understood without the agency of table tippings. bell ringings, and the waving of spiri hands through cabinets curtained with green cambric, and made to coneal " presences" who are engaged in the business which most of this world's people follow - money But let us entreat you-whateverab surditieo of gh-ost and spirit conversations you may indulge in, let it not be before children-for you make them unhappy, and p?ant within them the germs of a supernatural fear, which will torment them all through life. 