LOST FOR LOYE. CHAPTER XXXVII. TUB SI'EfiL or TUG EKCIIANTKESS. Tho changes which Mr. Darcy had pro .phesied were going on at Redmon. Before tho middle of May, the transformation had begun. The 'weird old red-brick house, taunted by so many dismal associations, lay on the ground a great heap of broken bricks and mortar, and the villa was going up with a rapidity only surpassed by Aladdin a palace. Miss Henderson had drawn out the plans her self, and superintended the works, with a clear head and bright eye for all shortcomings ?and deficiencies. She rode over every day from the cottage, mounted on her black steed Lightning, her black-velvet cap with its long scarlet-tippcd plume flashing in among the ?workmen, as, with gathered-up skirt, she in spected the progress of the building. She entered with a true womanly interest into the erection and beautifying of this new home, and had quite got over her super stitious awe of tho place. Perhaps this was owing to an artfully-laid plan of that schem ing lawyer, Mr. Darcy, who, being absurdly fond of the dark-eyed heiress, and fearful of lier depriving Speckport of the light of her beautiful countenance, by flying oif. somewhere, resolved she should like Redmon, and remain there. Accordingly, about a week after Miss Henderson had gone to the cottage, he had gotten up a picnic to Redmon— a select picnic, ?with the military baud and a platform for dancing. The picnic day had dawned in cloudless splendour. Coquettish April, finding she must yield in spite of all her tears and smiles to her fairer sister, May, seemed resolved to put up 'with the inevitable with a good grace, and the day was more like sunny' June than early spring. Before ten in the morning the party -were on the grounds, swinging among the trees, dancing on the shaded platform, wan dering among the grand old woods, or fishing in the clear streams running through them. The string band, perched up in a gallery, played aw.iy merrily : and what with sun shine 'and music, and gay laughter and bright faccs, Redmon was a very different looking place from the Redmon of a few weeks before Miss Henderson had driven Laura Blair up in a little pony- carriage she had purchased, and owned that Redmon was not so lifeless after all. But she did not enter into thc spirit of the thing with any great zest. Laura whis pered it was one of her ' dark days' to those ?who noticed the silent, abstracted, almost gloothy manner of thc heiress. She danced very little, and had walked moodily through tlie quadrille, chafing at its length, and then bad broken from her partner, and gone wan dering olf among the trees. Laura Blair made up in herself for all that was wanting in her friend. She was everywhere at once ; now flying through a crazy cotillon ; now on the swings, flashing in and out among the trees ; jiow superintending the unpacking, and assis V ting Mrs. Hill aud Catty Clowrie to set the iable. The cloth was laid on the grass ; the cold hams and fowls ; the hot tea and coffee ; the pies, the cakes, and sandwiches; the hungry picknickers called, and great and mighty was the eating thereof. After dinner, the house was to be explored, the sight of ghosts, Mr.' Darcy considered, being unfavourable to digestion. Some ?weak- minded persons declined with a shiver ; tbey had no desire for cold horrors then, or tbe nightmare, when they went to bod ; and among the number was Captain Cavendish. Ho had no fancy for oxploring ratty old buildings, he said ; he wonld lie on the grass, and smoke his cigar while they were doing tho house. Did any thought of unfortunate ^Nathalie Marsh obtrude itself upon the selfish Sybarite as he lay there, smoking his cigar, on the fresh spring grass, and looking tip through the leafy arcades at the serene April sky ? Did any thought of the old days, and she who had loved him so true aiid so ?well, darken for ono moment that hard, liandsomb mask — his face ? Did' any more terrible recollection of a ghostly midnight scene that old liouso had witnessed, come back, terribly menacing ? Who can tell ? The past is haunted for the whole of us ; but we (?banish the spectre as speedily as possible, and tjo doubt Captain Cavondish did the same. \ Miss Henderson, of course, was one of tlie party, leaning on Mr. Darcy's arm ; but her face was very pale, and her great eyes filled ?with a sort of nameless - fear, as she crossed its gloomy portal. Laura Blair clung tightly, : -with little delightful shudders of apprehension, ?fr. ill n n.vm of Mr. Yal Blake, who took it all unconcernedly, as usual, aud didn't put him- | self out any to reassure Miss Blair. The liouse had a damp and earthy odour, as of tlie grave ; and their footsteps echoed with a chill, dismal sound, as footsteps always do in , a deserted house. Dark, dreary, and forlorn, it looked, indeed, a haunted house, and every -poico was silent in awe ; thc gayest laugh hushed ; the most fearless feeling a cold chill creeping over him. Rats ran across ? tlieir path ; black beetles swarmed cverywliero ; tbo walls were slimy, aud fat bloated spiders swung from vast cobwobs wherever they ?went. It was all dismal, but in tlio chamber of tlie tragedy most * dismal of all. They hurried out of it almost beforo tlioy had entered it, and went into tho next room, tho ? room that had been Nathalie's. In tho dark ness, something caught Yal Blako's eye in 0110 cornor. He picked it up. It was « paul arld Virginia,' bound in blue and gold ; and on tho ti tle-pago was Writton in a man's hand : ' To Nathalie, from hers in life and doath— Gr. P. 0.' Tho book passed .from hand to hand. No one spoko, but all know thoso initials, and all wondered what the heiress thought of it. That young lady had jxot spoken ono word since tlioy had entered the house, and her face was as white as the dress she wore. But they had seen enough now, and they had hurried out, heartily thankful when the front door boomed slowly behind them, and they were in the sunshine and fresh air once more. Every tongue was at once unloosed and ran with a vengeance, as if to make up for lost time. Captain Cavendish started from the grass, flung away his cigar, and approached. ' Well, ladies — well, Miss Laura,' he asked, ' have you seen the ghost ?' ' Yes,' said Laura, gravely. ' Here is a ghost wo found , in Nathalie's room. I pre sume you have the best right to it !' She handed him the book before them all, and every eye was' turned upon him as he glanced at the title page. His face changed, in spite of all his self-control, turning nearly as colourless as Miss Henderson's. 'I believe I did give Miss Marsh this once,' he said, trying to beat his ease. 'I suppose you gave the rats a rare fright ! There's the music. Miss McGregor, I believe I have this dance ?' The band was playing the ' Aline Polka,' .and no mortal feet could resist that. All the girls were very soon whirling about like teetotumus, and the elderly folks sat down for a game of euchre on thc grass. Olive Hender son, declining, coldly, a dozen eager aspirants for the honor of her hand in the polka, strolled off unsociably herself, as she had done before. They were too busy enjoying themselves to notico her absence at' first, and only one fol lowed her. That one was poor Tom Oaks ; and to him, in her absence, the sun was with out light, the world empty, since, the universe held but her. She did not hear him — she was leaning against a tree, looking out with that darkly- brooding face of hers, over the spread ing fields and wood, sloping dowii to the sea and all her own. Looking out over that wide sea, with a dreary stare, that told plainly all the wealth she had inherited all the love and admiration she had won, had not the power to make her happy. Her white dress fluttered in the spring breeze ; her shawl, of rich gold, coloured crape, fell in loose,' graceful folds like sun-light drapery, around her, held together with one little brown hand. Her head was bare, and the shining profusion of thick black hair was twisted in great serpent like coilB around her head; .She looked more sultana-like than ever, holding that mass of glowing golden drapery around lier, a woman to command a kingdom, no to be wooed for a household angel ; but that -poor Tom Oaks was down on the grass at her feet, before she knjw he was uear imploring her to take pity upon him. Heaven only knows what he said — Tom never did ; but lie was pouring out his heart in a vehement outburst of passionate pleading. The man had chosen an unpropitious moment. ' Get up, Mr. Oaks,' the cold sweet voice said ; ' don't make such a scene ! Hush, some one will hear you.' She might as well have told a rushing waterfall to hush. Tom got up, pleading vehemently, passionately, wildly, for what seemed to him — poor, foolish fellow ! — more than life. ' No, no, no !' she said, impatiently ; ' go away, Mr. Oaks. It is of no use.' ? It seemed like the old parable' of asking for bread and receiving a stone. Tom Oaks turned away, but something in his despairing face touched her woman's heart. ? She laid her hand lightly on his arm, and looked compassion ately into his white face. 'I am sorry,' she said, in a voice that falt ered a little, ' I am sorry ! I did not think you cared for me liko this, but I cannot help you ! You must forget me, Mr. Oaks !' There was 'one other witness to this, little love-passage besides the birds, singing their songs, in the green branches. Captain Caven dish had seen Tom Oaks follow Olive Henderson off the grounds, and knew, by the prescience of jealousy, as well what was going to. happen, as he did after the scene was over. He had followed the young mai, and, in tlie tangled green heart of tho wood, had heard every word, and watched the white and amber figure flit out of sight. He leaned against a tree now, almost as pale as Toin Oaks had been. But if she should refuse him, too ! It was the first timo in liis life lie had over asked himself that question ; and he had made lovo, and offered marriage oven, to more than Win ifred Rose and Nathalie Marsh. What if she should refuse him liko this ? Pride, love, am bition, all were at stake with Captain Caven dish now, and what if he should lose her ? He sot liis breath and clinched his hand at the thought. ' I will not loso her !' ho said to himself. ' I will not ! I should go as mad as that idiot on the grass there is, if I lost that glorious girl!' He might havo gone after her, and proposed on tlio spot, had ho not possessed so fully that sixth sense, tact. Liko tho lady immortalized in the Irish poem of ' Paddy, Would You Now,' sho must be taken whon sho was ' in the liumor,' and that most decidedly was not to-day. So he strolled back to tho rest, and had tho satisfaction of seeing hor waltzing with his superior officer, Major Marwood, who was unmarried, and rich, and ono of her most obedient very humble servants. Tho picnic was to wind np with what Mr. Blake called a ' danceable tea,' at Mr Darcy's whither they all drove, in the pleasant April twilight, and the handsome captain enjoyed the privilege of sitting beside the heiress in the pony carriage, to the great envy of every one else. They drovo very slowly, watching I the moon rise in a long glory of silvery ? radi ance over the sleeping sea, while he told her of Italian moon-rises, and Alpino sunsets, he had gazed. upon ; and she listened, lying back with half-veiled eyes, and a longing sensation of pleasure in it all at hor heart. Was she in lovo with Captain Cavendish? No; but she liked him best of all her admirers ; and there were few women who would not have listened with pleased interest to those vivid word pic tures of far-off lands, and looked with admiration, at least, into that pale, high-bred, classically handsome face. Captain Cavendish -retained his advantage all that evening, and left competitors far behind. Ho sang duets with Miss Henderson, danced with her, took her in to supper, and folded the shawl around her when they were going home. She might be the veriest ice berg to-morrow, the haughtiest and most imperious Cleopatra ; but she was gentle, and graceful, and all feminine sweetness to-night. His hopes were high, his heart all in a glow of thrilling ecstasy, as he went home, under the serene stars. Tho cup of bliss was almost at his lips, and the many slips were quite for gotten. ! - CHAPTER XXXVIII. A F A C E I N T H E C R 0 W D. The afternoon following the picnic, Olive sat in her cottago drawing-room entertaining some callers. The callers, were Major Mar wood, Lieutenant Blank and Captain Caven dish. Mrs. Darcy, who was spending the day with her, sat at a window croteheting, and playing propriety, with Mrs. Hill and Mrs. Hill's niece, Miss Clowrie. Somehow this young lady was very fond of dropping in to see her aunt, and staying for dinner, and often all night. The heiress sat at' tlio piano, playing some exquisite ' song without words,' when a servant entered and ushered in Miss Blair. The officers, who had been there some time, took their departure, and Laura burst out into thankgiving. ' Now, thank goodness ! they're gone. Run up and get your hat, Oily, and come down to see the boat come in.' ' I don't care about seeing the boat come in,' said the heiress, lazily, lying back in a fauteuil. 'I feel comfortable where I am.' ' But you must come, I tell you !' cried Laura, 'there's a lot of delegates coming from somewhere, about something, and every body will be there, and I want to see them.' Miss Henderson laughed at this lucid explanation. ' I shan't go,' she said. Miss Blair changed from the imperative mood to the potential, exhorting, entreating. 'Now, Oily, /don't be hateful, but go and put your things on, like a darling. I am just dying to go, and I can't go without you, so do come, there's a dear !' 'But don't you see I have company,' laughed Olive; 'I can't be rude; I can't leave them.' ' Nonsense, Olive, my love,' cut in Mrs. Darcy ; ' you don't call Catty and I strangers, I hope. Go down to the wharf; the sea breeze will sharpen your appetite for dinner.' ' A very romantio reason, certainly,' said Olive, sauntering out of the room, however, i ' You had better come too, Miss Clowrie.' This was said for politeness' sake, for the attorney's daughter was no favourite with tho heiress. Catty, only too glad to be seen in public with Miss Henderson, accepted at once and went up to dress. 'Is it true, Laura,' asked Mrs. Darcy, ' that Miss Rose came back last night?' ' Yes,' said Laura, ' she called this morn ing, and I was so glad to seo her. She looks extremely well. England must have agreed with her.' ' Where is she stopping ? I should liko to see her.'.- ' At — —House, .with Mrs. and Major Wheatly. She told me she would be at the boat this afternoon, when she would Bee all the old faces, if Speckport had not changed greatly in her absence.' ' Tell her to call and see me,' said Mrs. Darcy ; ' I always liked Miss Rose. I think she has the sweetest face I' ever saw.' ' Now, then, Laura,' exclaimed Olive, ^ap- pearing at the door with Catty, ' I am ready, and I hear the steamer blowing.' The three .young ladies walked down to the wharf, which, as' usual, was crowded. One of -the first persons they met was Val Blake, ?watching the passengers, who were beginning : to como up the floats, running the gantlet of all eyes. He was telling them something about Tom Oaks who had started off up the country, when lie stopped in the middle of what he was saying with a sort of shout of astonishment, and stared at a gentleman coming up the floats, with a valise in one hand, and an overcoat across his arm. 'Now, of all tho people, coming and going on the face of the earth,' cried out Mr. Blake in his amazement, ' whatever has sent Paul Wyndham to Speckport ?' Tho next instant he was off, flinging the crowd right and left out of his way, and arresting tho traveller with a sledge-hammer tap on the shoulder. The girls laughingly watched him, as lie shook tho stranger's hand as vigorously as if ho meant to wrench it off, crying out in a voice that everybody heard : ' Why, Wyndham, old fellow ! what the deuce drove you here ?' Mr. Wyndham smiled quietly at his impet uous friend, and walked away with him to a cab, which they both entered, and Olive Hen derson, still laughing at Mr. Blake, looked carelessly after them, and never dreamed that she had met her fate. No; who ever does dream it, when they meet that fate first ! .? So Paul Wyndham passed Olive Hender son, and tho curtain of the future slirowded the web of life destiny was weaving. She forgot him as soon as soen, and turned to Laura, who was speaking animatedly. 'Look, Oily! there's the Miss Rose yon havo heard me speaking of so often — that little girl with tlie black silk dress and mantle, and black straw hat, talking to Miss Blake. Look! hasn't she the sweetest face! I'll call her over.' Tlie crowd of men, women and ohildren, thronging the wharf and floats, were strange startled a moment after, and every eye turned in ono direction. There had been a long,-' wild, woman's shriek, and some' ono had reeled and fallen to tho ground liko a log. Thero was a rushing and swaying, and startled talking among the peoplo ; and Dr. Leach, coming along;, took the Rov. Augustus Tod by tlie button and wanted, to know what was the matter. ' Miss Olive Henderson had fainted,' the Rev. Augustus said, with a startled face. ' She had been standing on the wharf, apparently quite well, only a second before, when she had suddenly screamed out and fallen down in a fainting fit. It was really quite shocking.' (To be continued.) 