? '. , . CHAPTER XX.: ... .. , , . ; «laize Folliurston (iocs Home. . It was dark-darker than he had expected. It confused him. The. face of the country waa changed, landmarks had been removed, objects with which he had been familiar, on whose con tinued presence he had confidently counted, had Vanished; others, of which he knew nothing, had taken their place.- Nothing was as it used to be.' He had not counted on, finding himself so entire a stranger, in a place, with every inch of which he had supposed himself to .be intimately acquainted. The passage of the years had left Its. impress even on.-that remote corner of the world. He was inclined to be sorry that he had set out on the adventure. . And yet he had felt himself incapable of run ning the risk of encountering such a reception as that suggested by Miss Doily Hamilton. Tri umphal arches, brass bands, to we'come ; him home? That might not be. He would alight at the adjoining station, towards the evening, and, would walk, through the shadows, across the intervening stretch of country, home. He would arrive there, unheralded, unannounced, with as little fuss or ceremony as if he had "quitted it but an hour before. It would be best like that. But he had.not grasped the situation as it now presented itself to him. The night was unus ually dark, the station but a strip of platform which served a scattered hamlet. With it he left behind all visible signs of human existence. It was some six or seven miles across country to Polhurston, -through lanes, over a strip ot woodland, through the home woods. That was as he remembered it. But he had not gone very far before he discovered that, at least in this light; his memory played him false. A gate, against which he suddenly came Into contact, brought him to a standstill, to discover that he had lost his bearings. He had strayed off the proper road; the lane into which he had straggled 'was, apparently, an impasse-unless they had put a gate up since his time. He retraced his steps, to presently plunge into what seemed to be a la byrinth of twisting lanes. He stopped. He had a compass on his chain. He examined it with the aid of a match. So far as he could judge, the lane in which he was, was leading him in a wrong direction., And yet he could not be sure. A few yards further it might turn-set him straight upon his. way. He tried to think where he might be. In vain. There was nothing to lend assistance to his eyes. . He wandered aim lessly on. It was strange how wholly absent were all signs pf human habitation. It was as if he had reached the end of the world-which was unpeopled. It was true that thereabouts they might be early folk; but, even If they had already retired to rest, .surely in some house somewhere a light would be left burning. But there was not a glimmer; be hind,-in front, to right or left, wherever he look ed, not one. He had scarcely realised; till then, in how bare and bleak a country his boyhood had, in fact, been,spent; how remote from civilisation, how cut off from the world: It came upon him, with a sense of shock, how lonely a childhood his had been., He was returning now to that same wilderness, alonely figure, lost in the night. It was very strange indeed that there should be no houses. Used as he had been, of late, to the life of a great city, their absence struck him as doubly strange. No houses! Where, then, did the people live? Were there really none? Was he. the only living creature environed by the night? The thing began to weigh upon him like a presage of evil. Thereabouts were the folks all dead? Was the world peopled only with ghosts? Were they walking at his side, peering at him over the stone walls, scurrying hither and thither across the country, unheard, unseen? What was that noise? It was the sound of wa ters. What was that breath upon his cheeks? Was lt .not the whisper of the sea? What was the sudden, greater blackness which yawned, all at once, in front of him, which made him suddenly stop short; which set him quivering? He was standing upon the edge of the cliff-the Samphire Cliff. Tho knowledge of his where abouts came upon him with an Instant intuition. Down below, him was the island-that reef of dreadful rocks. It was against it the waves were breaking; that was the noise which he had heard. -, Another step, he would- have been over, hurtling through the air, renounding from the points of jagged stone, plunging into the whirl pool of the continually contending waters. As he started back, he sweated. His knees shook. When he had retreated, backwards, perhaps a dozen yards, he subsided on to the ground, trem bling. What an escape he had had ! But it had, at any rate, made him acquainted with his whereabouts. There were the home woods, then, upon his right. He advanced to wards them gingerly, feeling' with outstretched arms for the stone wall which, he remembered, girdled them. There it was. He recognised in it the presence of an old' friend. There used to be a gate farther down the road, perhaps a hun-^ dred yards; This was not the part of . the wood which he had been making for. By some accident, which he did not under stand, he had struck one end instead of the other. But to have found the woods .at all was something. The gate which he was searching for opened . into a grassy road which, in the old days, was wont to be used as a drive when a rare visitor was to be taken to enjoy the view from the Samphire Cliff looking towards Godrevy. It was the gate which waB farthest, from the house. The winding' road passed both the upper and the lower lakes, through a part of the grounds which, In bad weather, was very Mee a swamp. He found it. The latch emitted a grating sound as he lifted lt, tho gate shrieked on its rusty hinges as he threw it back. He entered tho woodland road; The mystery of the woods was obvious even in the night. Up there the winds were tbo persistent-to per mit of the trees attaining to great proportions. But, as he went in farther, their size increased. If the winds were against them, the ground was . on their side. , They were sheltered by its rapid fall. Soon Blaise Polhurston knew that he was surrounded by monarchs of the .forest. Their branches creaked and moaned; afar off came cries as bf souls In pain. Here were living things; he could hear them on every side; the pattering of feet, the scurrying of unseen creatures through the brushwood, the occasional whirring of wings. The wood was far from silent. There was, too, a. presence of another kind. He had not yet wholly recovered from the shock of finding himself on the edge of the abyss. There was still, a fluttering at his ' heart, which tho place in which ho was was. not disposed to lessen. It was people with memories, the grave in which his childhood was buried. He was like a lost soul, passing through tho shades pf". what onco had been his youth. Every movement of the branches-tbey were never still-was a sigh for the past, a moan for the present, a groan at tho prospect of what was stl>l to come. The forest was In torment; half-affrighted he groped through it all. Behind tho trunks of the trees, over whose roots now and then he stum bled, spectres glanced out at him; presence which he felt, although he did not see, shapes, which were none the less actual, but rather the more, because they were incorporeal. All the way he was haunted by demons. They grew thicker as he went. The place became alive with them. He began . almost to persuade himself that he would see them with his bodily eyes; he could hear them with his ears. They gib bered at him as he passed. They touched him. Was it possible they touched him? What waa that which brushed against his hair-which shaved his cheeks-which alighted, for an in stant, on his eyelids? Were they fingers? Of what? Of whom? He stopped, suddenly, look ing about him with bewildered glances. What was that noise? Was it not laughter? Who was laughing at him in the shadow of the trees? This was not to be borne, that there should bo foes on every hand, and ho see none of them. Ho Ht a match; he would see, by the light it gave, what might be seen. While it flickered, as he was about to raise it to look round, something-some one struck it out. He trembled so that the box fell from his grasp. He listened. Again! Was that not laughter among the trees? He could not find the matchbox, although ho felt sure it had'fallen just at his feet. He con hi not feel it anywhere, even by going clown on his knees. Was that it? If it was, then it was snatched away-yes, as his fingers were closing on it. What was the cause of his feeling that something, someone, was playing tricks with him? His nerves had been disorganised by his experience on the cliff. The walk, prolonged be yond his expectations, had tired him. Memories had come sweeping over him at an impressionable moment. The surroundings were weird, the scene awesome. They used to tell, in bygone clays, of the Polhurston ghost; of the wraith which, at night-time, in the woods, used to lie in wait for members of the family, when evil loomed over tho house. It was such thoughts as these which bade fali to play the fool with him. He shook himself. He would put them behind him-leave the match box where it lay- hasten home. It must be grow ing late. If he was not quick, his coming would alarm the house-that he did not want. He strode down the path as rapidly as the dark ness would- permit. There was the sound of run ning water. He was nearing the upper lake. Presently, although the blackness shrouded it al most wholly, he knew that he had reached it. He paused by the brink, peering through the shadows. Nothing could be seen. He could hear what he took to be the movement of wild fowl, the splash ing of water over the weir-that was all. He passed on. A closing of the darkness, till lt hung about him like a pall, made him conscious that, about the lake, it had been, relatively, light. He was moving again through the thickness of tho wood. All at once, something flashed into sudden radi ance; so far as he could judge, at a distance of a hundred yards or more from where he was. It gleamed, like a star, then vanished, leaving tho darkness denser than before. What was it? A will-o'-the-wisp? A glow-worm? Hardly, at that season of the year. Besides, it had borne no resemblance to either. He went steadily on. It. came again; still, as it seemed, the same distance in front. It was not a light in a house, nothing of the kind. It was like a flash of fire, appearing to him to have the property of showing, in the brief space of its duration, half-a-dozen different hues. He advanced more cautiously, watching for its re-appearance. It did not come. Instead, there wais borne In upon him, on a sud den, an absolute conviction that some unseen thing was close at hand'-something which was moving through the brushwood, keeping pace at his side. The instant he became conscious of this assurance, he stopped, and stood, and listen ed, and looked.. He couid see nothing, nor hear anything; but he knew that there was something .there, and that it had stopped when he. stopped. He tried to speak to It, but could not-to move in its direction, but his limbs were chained. With an effort he continued his advance, stumbling Mindly on; he knew that the something was mov ing ¿00. Again there was the sound of running water; he was nearing the lower lake. As he reached it, there was a splash! - Something had plunged Into the lake. There was a noise as of something struggling in the -water-a gasping sound, as of fighting for breath. "Who are,you? Wbo's there?" cried Mr. Pol hurston, the tories of his own voice filling him with horror and amazement. All was still. Only the noise of the weir dis turbed the silence. (To.be continued.) . Because of the growth of Russian commerce by. sea, a company for the classification of ships has been formed on the model of the British Lloyds and the French Bureau Veritas. 