NOVEL. The Marllei Seal. By Jeanette Walworth. CHAPTKE VIII.-(OoHTaraED.) 'Ödeste wa* a wiser nurse than I took her for. 1 bad no business coming tn here to folk to my little sick wife. I em going Nor*, and I f-han't ooma baok until you scud for me, darling. Ouly don't keep me away loo loop. 1 miss you so. dear. So do all the idjt. I wish-' .Stop! stop! stop!' It was a ory of ¡win. He did step, and stood wonderingly silent çhile she weat on impetuously : ' You are talking to me as ff I were a lnnatie or a child. A. child you know I am not. A lunario possibly I might become, if faleentss, deceit, cowardice, duplicity in a man were all that was uoeassary to make a lunatic of a woman. When I said that I hated you, I ireant it ! When I recoiled {tom your tonoh &B; I Tould from that of a reptile, 1 meant it ! You are a reptile, John Lorimer !' Ho blanched at her scathing denunciation of him, and, turning hie faoo from her. he Itood with folded arms looking do (en into the fire. It wee on record in the medical journal!, ho reminded himself, that people frequently turned upon their very dearest friends when dementia seized upon them. Chalmers must bo Bnmraoned at once. Ho would cot add to her excitement by a single word. She stopped speaking. 'He could hear the tumultuout, breathing that lifted the folds of her white wrapper in billows of passion. A flor a little while her breath came more placidly. ' Is that bli, Nora f he turned and asked her quietly, To soothe ber excited nerves van tis one object juet then. 'Tbfctis all. Ia it not enough ?' ' Quite enough in tho way of oondemna ttoi. Bo bad turned towards tho door. 1 Yoo are going P' she asked, drearily. 1 Is not that what you want me to do V .Ye».' 'You know my theory always has been that tha veay worst a good woman can thick of a man jails far short of hie deserv ing. I hope you will feel belter to- iaorro'v, Nora. Try to sleep now, dear.' He was gone ! She looked stupidly at thc wooden panels of the door through which he hid dieppeared. 'Not ono word in self.defence I He oould not lock me in the face and defend himself ! That much to his oredit. And now let me fiaiïh my work.' übe resumed her writing. Her pen fairly flew over the paper. Sheet after sheet the fUlid, foldod, enveloped, and directed, anni four closed envelopes lay be!ore her, upon one only of which she put a govern ment stamp. When Celeste brought her luneheou to the door, »he found herself looked oat. When she knocked twa or three tours later, and informed 'Madame' that she was there with «he dinner-tray, she was still locked ont. When she oame again at lamp- light, craving permission to put the child to bod, the door was opened sufficiently wide for Ninette to creep in, and through the uterine Celeste was informed that Mri Lorimer would attend to the child herself that night. She was at liberty to dispose ol her evening in Uer own way. ' The way Celeste did dispose of it was nol st all in ' her own way.' Sbc was entrapped on her way down thi stain by the mistress of White Cliffs and orawu into the sitting-room, where tbi lsraily jibyeioian, assisted by John LorimBi ana his mother, cross-questioned her rigid]] sud txuanetively eg to Mrs Lorimer's menta concivion during previous neuralgic attacks Shb slipped away from them, when the; had extracted from her a vast deal of Infor marion she had never inspected barrel poscewtd of. and crept into a oct in the hall jus: outside Nera'b doer. John himself ha' located it. She bad assured him confident! thal a moose eould not stir in Madame' room and she, Celeste, not hear it from tbs position. It was from .that night that Gelest Bougere&ux; alway* dated her belief i gaoeis, and regarded their visitations a presages of evil. She told the story of tb White Cliffs ghost always with unction. ' It was not of ghosts I was thinking she would tell yon, 'that night. I wt awake. leonid not sleep. The hall wi large and strange to me. The cot wi narrow. I was restless. I was thinking i the child Ninette, and how she must bat mused me, when of a sudden 1 felt a ca «aro sweep over my faoe and I saw a whi figure gliding noiselessly across the hall ai tara towards the steps. I oovered my hat with the blankets, chilled bat not frightens Celeste Bougere&ux; is not a coward. Whi I looked again, there was nothing to i seen but the cold pale moonlight streamh through the unoortained dormer wind« upon the bare floor of tho hall. The ne: morning, Mrs John Lorimer was not to found. I told no one of that visitation frc the White Oliffe ghost. Bah! the pr vinoials, they would hare had no faith iu cr in me. Bat I have seen what I hs asea.' Oas portion of Celeste Bougereftux's ito vas irrefragable. It was un the morai «ter she slept on the cot in the bad tl John's wile waB not to be found. On 1 ac*k in her room were lying three seal envelopes. Ons of the envelopes was addressed to 1 husband. To him she asid, ' I married you for Minette'e sake, I let you for your own. You may be a tr snooked st this violent rending of tte fee «nain that huhs ns together, bat I fanoy j will be infinitely obliged to mu in the lc mn. Consult some of your lawyer friai Md ste how the knot can be untied legal «ot 1 would not nave you lose tue iu'J fn «f this sacrifice by reason of obttaoles in path of your marrying again,-moro felii oaüy next time, I will hope. I have intention of ma king away with myself.' Another one of the envelopes wa* sddret («Celeste. To bet she said, { 'Ai soon sa'Tira nave read this, ask Mt j Lorimer to send you and the obild to CHen-j barnie. Take wita voa her trank and the envelope addressed to Misa Fairbanks, whinh J leave with this. Be good to Ninette, and ; stay with har : it will be to TOOT interest' The third envelope was addressed to Mist < Fairbanks. To her she said, 'I am not conducting my project in the way I had planned before coming to White Oliff*. Bat, after all, we are the merest puppets io the bands of Fits. I had meant my little Ninette saonld win ber own way with yon before I made for hw the startling claims of kinship. She is Sibley Fairtrank's daughter-his only child,-bora ID holy wed lock Her mother and father did not live together happily. He deserted bax: she had to make her own support. Aa all of the papers were in his possession, lt may be some tune yet before the child's legal claim upon you or upon your father can be estab lished. She is the child of my only sister a younger sister, to whom I was Idolatrously attached. John Lorimer'« suit for my hand oarried no weight with it until he accident ally mentioned the faot of having the Fair banks of Glenburnie as neighbors. I meant to haTe kept Ninette myself until her claim upon her grandfather bad been made sc clear that he would gladly have reoogniisd it ; but it bas been ordered otherwise. Ii your first impulse shonld bs to order Oslaste, the child's nurse, to leave your presence ano take the child with her, stop and dehberat* twioe before von sand your brother Slblev'i infant daughter adrift in an nnfriendl] world. Until I procure the proofs of wha I say, you îcnst take my simple asaertloa Every word in this lotter is absolutely true. 