Cycling Notes FROM THE DUNLOP PNEUMATIC TYRE COY, LTD. The overlanders, Arthur Richardson, the White Bros. and D. McKay, have all arrived safely at Powell's creek, F. White the leader of the latter party, wiring to the Dunlop Tyre Co. as follows -"We left Camooweal on the 12th of August, and found tracks in a terrible condition; reached first water hole, 25 miles out, 20 of which we had to walk, at 10 p.m.; camped here for night. Started daylight next morning, travelling still bad. Took 16 hours doing 30 miles over interminable plains, sun beating down 110 deg. in the shade; water al- most out; mirages shimmering every where. Reached Avon Downs station; started next morning for Alexandria, 130 miles, the first water being 50 miles out, and a sandy desert 30 miles wide to be crossed; negotiated this safely after a terrible doing, losing nearly all our water supply through canteens leaking. Two days later arrived at Alexandria, McKay and Alex. being hardly able to crawl for want of food and water, which we had been without for 21 hours. Reluctantly left next day for Anthony's Lagoon, only covered 20 miles first day out, all rough plains, horrible travelling; next day 30 miles over sandy desert, succeeded in finding little water, and got through next day to Brunette station, which is almost perished out for want of provisions. Had spell here for day and then pushed on to Anthony's Lagoon, which we reached after two day's hard riding. Left for Powell's Creek 150 miles, told track in fair condition, easily able to cover it in two days, accordingly only took tucker for that time. First day out had terrible time, taking 20 hours doing 46 miles, could see blacks' fires at water, too tired to push on so had an hour's sleep, then to water holes where we had a good drink. Next day pushed on to Cattle creek but found it dry. We had pre- viously used up all our water supply, expecting plenty of water here; the next water hole being 23 miles distant, all of us in a bad way for want of water, McKay and self to weak to push on, therefore we camped for night while Alex, pushed on ahead to try and get in water; met him six miles out next morn- ing returning with supply. All reached water hole safely later in day. We had now only sufficient food for one meal each, and 60 miles of country to be crossed to reach Powell's. I decided to now leave McKay and Alex, and push on for assistance. Rode 60 miles first day, then found I had been riding in wrong direction. Kept on walking all night, and struck water 10 o'clock next morning; later in day struck overland cable, about 20 miles from Powell's, after being lost for 20 hours. Tried to climb telegraph post to cut wire but was too weak; so pushed on, nearly dropping every step, eventually reaching Powell's creek in last stages at 3.30 p.m, on the 27th of September. Manager Kell immediately had pack horses saddled, and away with tucker and water within the hour. Shortly after my arrival A. Richardson arrived, looking well, just too late to go with the relief party, which arrived back safely this morning with Alex. and McKay. We are now all resting here, and recovering slowly, under the hospitable treatment of Mr. and Mrs. Kell, Richardson has come through so far without water can, but is at work on one now. He will have a very rough time from here to Normanton. We very much doubt whether he will get through at all ; but he is determined to go. We will require a solid spell here. Machines and Dunlop tyres are in good condition. Will wire again before leaving." Cyclists will be well looked after at next year's exhibition in Paris. A building is to be erected with accommoda- tion for 21,000 bicycles, and, on paying a penny, visitors my leave their machines while they wander round the exhibition. For 2½d. riders will be able to hand over their machines to an attendant at any of the gates on arriving, and to have them returned on leaving at any of the gates they may name. Should the present Transvaal trouble end in war, many opportunities will be available to prove the practicability of the motor mounted Maxim gun, which has been largely experimented with by the British war authorities lately, and the successful trials obtained give promise that the "motor scout " will play an important part should hostilities break out in South Africa. One of the most successful Maxim carriages is that known as the Simm's motor (the invention of an Englishman of that name). The Maxim titled is of the ordinary pattern, and can be sighted and fired whilst the quadri- cycle is travelling at a fair speed. Suffi- cient petrol can be carried on board to travel 120 miles. also 1,000 rounds of ammunition, which would be ample for scouting purposes. The possibilities of such a quad fitted with heavy Dunlop carriage tyres down in the Transvaal hands to any force fighting in a civilised country is almost incalculable. The League of N S W. Wheelmen open their bicycle race meet on the Syd- ney Agricultural Grounds on Saturday next, the 7th inst., when the Blue Riband of the Australian track, viz., the One Mile Australasian Championship, will be decided. This event is sure to be pro- ^^^ Walse (winner in 1898), Megson (winner in 1897), Martin, Walker, Gordon, Jack- son, Sutherland, and Jones. In their present form Megson or Walse should capture the much prized Blue Riband. This event has been won year after year by one of the Dunlop cracks, and it will be interesting to see whether the Dunlop sequence of success in this classic event will remain unbroken. Accounts are to hand of a great match between Paul Albert (Germany) and Paul Bourilon (France). Albert is recognised as the fastest amateur sprinter of the day, whilst Bourillon, who is a regular Zimmerman the second, holds the same position in the professional ranks. For some time past negotiations have been pending for a match between those two cracks and on the 13th of August last the long talked of meeting took place in Germany, and resulted as follows:— First match, Bourillon ; second match, Albert. Then came the decider, the spectators awaiting the result with exceptional interest, the riders being loudly cheered as they faced the starter. After the bell had announced the last lap the excitement was tremen- dous, both riders fighting for the lead the whole lap, eventually passing the post locked together, the judges' decision being a dead heat. A fourth heat was then started upon, which the French champion (on Dunlops) managed to win by inches only, thus ending one of the most even contests ever decided on the racing track. The new Dunlop pacing tandems—or "infernal machines' as some of the racing cracks designate them—are quickly dropping into their proper running order on the St. Kilda track, and although not yet running at top speed they have proved themselves quite fast enough for any of the riders who train down at St. Kilda. It is ludicrous to watch the riders trying to jump their machines into a sprint to try and hitch on behind the motors, only to see the tandems fly past them as if they were standing still. The fastest pace yet attained is 57 secs, for two laps of the track, equal to about 1 min. 33 secs. The tandems leave for Sydney in charge of O. Prowse this week to pace the eight selected riders in the 5 Miles Paced Tournament. No trip seems too hazardous and dan- gerous for the hardy cyclist to tackle, the latest undertaking being that of two English wheelmen who intend making an effort to cycle from the north to the south of America—from Klondyke to Cape Horn—a ride that will embrace some of the roughest and most dangerous country to be found in the world. Despite appeals to desist from the cyclists' relations, the two riders are bent upon accomplishing their undertaking, and as soon as the necessary arrangements are completed a start will be made. A prolific source of trouble to many cyclists, and consequent injury to bicycles, is the adjustment of the ball bearings. A loose bearing causes extra friction and extra strain. The machine runs badly and wear out much more quickly. An over tight bearing is almost as bad. The act of securing the nuts, however, sometimes over-tightens the bearing, and for this reason the wheel should be spun after the nuts have been tightened. If the wheel stops at all suddenly it is a sure sign that the bearing is overtight, and it should be slightly slackened. ^^^^ the Free Wheel device, and expressed a doubt as to whether there were six machines fitted with same running in Australia to-day. Mr. K E. Edge, manager of the Austral Cycle Agency (Melbourne), writes to say that his firm have fitted up a considerable number of cycles with this device, and are now in a position to fit the " Free Wheel " to any make or pattern of machine. Despite the fact that the A.N.A. art union is to be discontinued it is said that the A.N.A. Committee intend giving some £750 in prizes for their meetine in January next. This will be good news to the racing men. The Five Miles Amateur Championship of Australia was run in Sydney last Saturday afternoon on the Sydney Cricket Ground and resulted in a win for the Dunlop rider, C. A. Cameron (N.S.W.). the Victorian representative, W. Shrimpton, running second, with A. J. Longmuir (another N.S W. rider) third. This event was won by C. New (N.S.W.) last year. One-third of England is owned by members of the House of Lords. The development of society is depen- dent upon justice and equity in legisla- tion. It legislation is unjust and unequal society will be unjust and unequal also. The people who long for reform, but give no support to the papers which advocate reform, are like a man who wants a crop, but will not plant the seed. — National New Era. Some politicians aver that Turner and company are afraid of McLean, other say they dread the Deakin. If Deakin and McLean junction then Turner and the Treasury benches will disjunction. If the fatal blow is to come it will come from behind. Deakin, Higgins, McLean, Fink, Burton, Kennedy, Morrissey, Watt, Trenwith, Cook, Hamilton. Styles, Graham, Wheeler, Outtrim, McCay, are 16 men from whom could be selected a very good team. The Free Trade party has every reason to rejoice in Mr. Reid's fall from office. The Protectionists by their intrigues have restored to the party its ablest leader at the time when his active support was most needed. Fettered by the requirements and conventionalities of office, Mr. Reid would have been unable to throw into the fiscal election fight all his magnificent energy and ability, Now, however, he is free to roam about the whole of Australia, and everywhere to rouse the enthusiasm of the people in support of the Free-trade cause. Mr. Reid has already announced his intention of doing so, and the Pro- tectionists have thus added one more to the many factors which promise that the federal elections will result in a Free- Trade Australian Parliament.--Beacon. About 95 per cent. of the Russian peasantry and 70 per cent. of the youths of military age can neither read nor write. The major past of the Czar's soldiers can barely write their names. No wonder the Czar can drive them like sheep. The educated are the agitators in Russia. By a Parliamentary paper just issued, nearly 100,000 aliens, the majority of them Russians and Poles, all in miserable circumstances, arrived and stayed in London, Liverpool, Hull, Leith, and two or three other British ports in 1898. These people increase the local rates very largely, but worse still, they are the sjien'mtrt rwat i' kmdtlta.MedracWi some of the trades against the English workmen. Prior to the introduction of "an act to amend the Assessment Act" in the Legislature, 1894-5—which in substance was to the effect that municipalities in Ontario, may, if they so wish, reduce or abolish taxation on all buildings and improvements, stocks of merchandise, machinery, personality and income—the councils of all municipalities were invited to express an opinion thereon, the result being that 50 townships, 27 village, 10 county and 13 city and town councils of the Province petitioned the Legislature to pass the act. The Taxation of Land Values is not Socialism. Neither, for that matter, is it individualism. It is simply a proposal to take the values of land for behoof of the people who create them, while correspondingly relieving industry of the burden of taxation. Punch after discussing the rumors afloat as to the early displacement of the Turner Government says, " After all, has the Opposition in the Victorian Parlia- ment the ghost of a show? It is made up of has beens; positively not one fine bold youngster of higher calibre than Mr. Moule, who hardly aspires to take the reins. Contrast the Victorian Parlia- ment, with that of New South Wales, and how much more blest Sydney is with vigour. After listening to our Legislative Assembly for a week or two one finds the thermometer low." 