SHADOEGK LIGHT, BY 'MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. *uiuor of “Tho Star ofDe Vere,” “Wed, Vet •No Wife,” “Lord Ropy;” “A VVomaiT* i. Hand.” "A Wonderful Woman.” *-i "Norine,” &c.;, ,&c.; ..U“ PART II. _ CHAPTERX.—(Continued.) * era stands moment. in that mo •once, lie shall not a-a in n mi,staken her ■ ,w™ ■<. .:■ . csa*n. Dora s words re •turn to her; whatever' ,h““r s "oras re' brings him here it • l ° busi,less that o nm neie. ,.t ts. quite unnecessary •that she should g •fbg; - or troif ■come. Ther or trouble iijin'l^fdeSS at his com „. come. There is „nt Uh an en*?sive. wel •••;:‘in'the ballroom » hn * nwn dancinS there •/•r.as-thfc. manQTs ev0e;SniOtIaSt’miCh t0 her -takes herseir ,ven irh kf ''"t0 be- She ; • JdooT* hnd goes in. ' and- then opens the’ •'turns quickly.- Mi® ;>■ ,:-i.n dress has the 'effect alSv- T.S V*Ste SSBMW? S3?rr SET —-.Sr3^ yellow sold. some\oucL~ech:mdf ^ atid a. crimson rose in her hair. •-;iaeef,CaJ tT ^ «sual, the 'lions . beatings 6r heV1P rel,el i harm-is done. Lai t-beals, so no she says'^miiiri^fv UneaPeCted pleasure.“ of hospitality, fold'som "'elcome you back io ’ ‘ Let . Colonel Flrencli. Charlton, ^chimney and his f^r posiUon in her .tone^n her e vessel, ills £f=H3SS -t.ful, reticent, graceful, chill-voiced fine lady, is no more his black-eyed lau-him ' r0Tif“f1-°Vin& madcaP Vera than”— ‘, 7., broivn eyes flash up their -nkior. light suddenlj- upon hint ° n “When did you come?”1 she asks. rFrom England, I mean.’ ■Three days ago.” • ■ reryvSp-0U left a11 •°-ur mutual friends •Very well?’ flxed moodily on the fire with o -Z ’ ■ mo°dtly on the face -th ft’ Passi°nate glance to hei : says'abruptS!"1 Mbot *** 1 le«’” * “yes..” co^fri’^r d°,es notch™ hut a fain) fai ls not a? 016 hand that holds her ran is not- quite, steady. “And X lenow that you refused him iVera, why?” ■’ ■ , She meets his glance steadily—slow, • in tense surprise and anger in her eyes. i,-_ “I- decline to answer that question. I vtlorvy ryour right to ask it.” - »K5!ei£»<slaim. .no. rinht.” he says atn-iAVv It shouin me ample- ^nbugnfwlavei knows; but a right enforced-in this case would - hardly be worth the claiming ' era> 1 wonder i£ any other human beinj . ever changed so utterly in six- years a; you have done! There is not a trace, noi a- tone, not a look of the little Vera ol that past summer left.” A smile breaks the proud, set gravity o her face—a smile of triumph. says °U' Prefei'red that other Vera?” shi He looks, at her again, and the story hi: eyes tell is the story told since the world ,?fn~:;o be to?d till the worid ends, t bked that other Vera,” heanswers I love this.” - ' . She is lying back in the chair; now sh< sits suddenly erect The words give hei an absolute shock. She believes Dora’: notion; she believes implicitly in tha _ someone” in Cuba; she has neve breamed herself other than a drag on hi: bfe, not easily got .rid of, and now ti bear this! ■ In all these years,” he goes on, “thi Image of that other Vera has never lef Sst ' 1.,Sa'v her always as I saw he He stops abruptly at a gesture her. she repea us is like “As1 you ' saw me last.’ Elowly. “Yes; neither of ever to forget that” Some of the old pain, the old humil ti.on of that day returns to her now aer the years. Again she is crouching the • summer-house, her wedding dr crushed amid the rank weeds and da grasses, listening to the strident vc that denaunces her as a bold creature, 1 to all modesty or maidenly pride. A fl: passes over her face, a light comes i her angry eyes, her fluttering hands g) -Gteady, her swift heart-beats cease. Sc perverse spirit enters into her. If ever acknowledges to this man, forced marry- her, that she loves him, then -desen es all Airs Charlton has said. “I saw always the'little Vera I ] .left,” lie. goes on; “my dear little, brig •eyed child-bride—I came back andi foi her a woman, more beautiful than I 1 ever thought my little gipsy could and from the first hour-1 knew her I Iff her. That she had forgotten me. ieic -as one who stood between her and hat ness, I was told, and did not doubt ' seemed natural enough. Blit r'beiin •doubt all I have heard-; some truth*tt may be, but also many falsehoods. <•"' refused Sir Beltram Talbot—you' co not do otherwise, of course—but it is knowledge of that refusal that has s me here. Vera, I have little—your wc Will tell you, nothing—to offer but ' love, deep, changeless, true, I give ' our marriage indeed to be locked upon a misfortune? Can you never be Wife in reality, as well as in name?” He stops, catching his breath hard; *s not when the heart is fullest the 1 • are most eloquent The proudly hands’o -face before him does not soften one'W For the first time she doubts Rich: Ffrench’s word. .She. is in a false .pi tion is it to save her from it he spei now? - I know of old,”” ' she answers, “I , romantic and chivalrous is c6lc ' SFfrench’s' sense of duty. It led. him o to marry a foolish, flighty schoolgirl,w he would have done much better to’ h: rated her soundly fsr her folly in rum: after him, and gone and left her. ■. ] ' had loved Sir Beltram Talbot, perhaps even the fact of that nonsensical ir >riage would have: been' strong enough prevent my telling’ him so, -at least? not a very perfect person—no'-" I knows that .better than I. But my mar i riag-e had nothing to do with my refusal— I understand that. As to the sacrifice you i ProI,0se to make, in accepting the wife thrust upon you six years ago. while ! deeply grateful, I yet decline. My life j *uits me very well. I am not a blighted being. I can dispense with lovers in the present and a husband in the future, ex traordinary as it may seem. Your friend l shall always be. Colonel Ffrench: your wife, other than I am now—never!” _ ■ ^der pride is strong within her; it rings 'in her.voice, it flashes in her eyes. Surely she has vindicated herself at last. For a moment he does not speak. In that pause a great burst of music comes from the ballroom, the first bar of a grand triumphal march. He speaks first. "You mean tin's?” ho slowly says. I mean this,” she answers, and meets his eyes full. Then there is no more to be said. Pardon me for having said so much, for having taken you from your friends. 'Good night and good-bye.” . An impulse is upon her, thoroughlv contradictory, and thoroughlv womaniv to. call him back. t0 claim :him. keep him! lovfe h>m. A era. is-a very woman, and consistently inconsistent.. A flush, sweeps over her face. :to the very temples. Oh, come hack—do not go!” is on her lips,, hut. her lips refuse to speak. She stands so a-.moment, battling with her pride, and in that moment, he goes. The 001 closes behind him; the sweep or the ti iumphal march speeds him. He is gone without even the poor return of an answer to his good-night: Pride has fought and ,*?: wise .general"lms said that next to a great, defeat -victory is the most cruel of all tilings. Perhaps Vera realises this r\ow. .She sits where he has left her, feel ing faint and sick, her face hidden in her hands. . ... . ... The crashing tide-of the music comes down to her; the feet of the dancers echo overhead., .She must go back to them, rpalte one of them, wear a smiling face to the end. She. loves Richard Ffrench, and she has sent-him away. In the last half hour she has done what "she will regret her whole life long. ■ .. Meantime, the unhidden guest is- gone. Once more he is in the outer darkness, in the. night and the storm. The melan choly rain still drips, drips; the melan choly wind blows in long, sighing blasts; tile black trees toss about like tail spec tres against the blacker sky, and a figure sheltered beneath them—the lagging pedestrian of an hour before—watches sinister eyes until he is out of CHAPTER XI.—A CRYIN THE 'NIGHT. .: Mrs Fapshawe’s ball, is what Mrs Fan sliawe .has meant it to be—a > brilliant success. .Her own spirits never flag, she dances incessantly; the red of her cheeks redder, the light of her eyes brighter,.-as the hours wear on. AY ho shall say that this radiant little hostess, dancing like-a Bacchante, wild with high spirits, flirting with the men about her with desperate recklessness and levity, is a neglected, slighted, supplant ed, unloved wife? At supper she drinks iced champagne as if parched with fever thirst, until' Vera’s brows contract with wonder and alarm. She keeps near her sister through it all; something in Dora’s wild excitement startles her; she dances scarcely once after her return to the ball "AVhere have you been?" Dora asks, hitting her a perfumed blow with her fan. “Why do you wear that ow]-like face? This is no place for owlish faces. AVhy do you not dance? Everybody has been asking for .you. What is the* mat ter with you to-night, my solemn Vera?” • Her elfish laugh rings out—she flits on. A gentleman passing smiles to the lady on- his arm. “A ease.of twinkle, twinkle, little star,” lie remarks. “What a radiantly liappy woman our charming hostess must be!” -ThV lady -shrugs her shoulders, and pu&.on' a scornful little chin. ! “She is "half crazy to-night, or—tipsy with her own champagne! Did you not see how she drank at supper? It was perfectly ^hocking. See her sister watch ing her. Beautiful gir]. Miss Martinez—do you not think?—a perfect type of the handsomest sort of brunette.” The gentleman smiles slightly, knowing better than to accept this artful chal lenge; but the eyes that rest for a mo ment on Arera have in them a light that makes his fair friend bite her lip.. . “Some romance attaches to her it does not seem quite clear what—but some thing connected with Dick Ffrench. You remember Captain Dick, of course.- I -have heard, but that I do not believe, -that she was privately married to him before he went away.” "Fortunate Dick Ffrench.” \- “Oh, it is a myth, of course—'they say’ -being the only authority. It is added that she was very desperately in love ■with him, but. that statement also is to be taken w’ith a pinch of salt. She was little better than a child at the time—I recollect her well; a tall, slim girl, with a thin, dark face, big black eyes, and hardly a trace of the stately beauty we all admire now. Look at Mrs Fanshawe with -Fred Howell! Really, Mr Fan shawe should be here to keep his wife in order. No one advocates matrimonial freedom more than I do, but there is a line, and she oversteps it. Upon my word, she is quite too horrid.” Such comments, from ladies principally run the round of the rooms. The gen tlemen, more indulgent, only glance at each other, and smile. All recall after wards. when the tragedy of this night rings through the country with a thrill, her brilliance, her flashes of wit, her reckless spirits, her incessant dancing, her flushed cheeks, her streaming eyes, her flashing diamonds. Censorious tongues stop then appalled, fair censors falter—they recall her only ' as a bright little butterfly, looking hardly accountable for her acts, so fair, so frail,' so almost unearthly. But just now, before the curtain falls' on that last act, and the intoxication of music, and. waltzing, and wine is at its height, they do not spare her. One or two words fall on Arera’s ears, and her eyes flash out U \ indignation, on the speakers. They. ■4 / y guests, they break her bread and < <er salt, and sit on judgment on her. .Vc''oh! what ails Dot? How rash she| is—she has never gone to such-extremes before.! It is more of Dane Fanshawe’s work; he has goaded her to madness, this is her reckless revenge. Perhaps it is well for Vera's peace of mind that no time is left for her to think of herself, of her own wayward folly. She has acted like a fool in one way—Dora is acting like a fool in another; there is little . to choose between them,, that she admits bitterly. She keeps as close to Dora as may be; she tries to restrain her unper ceiyed; she absolutely refuses to dance. “For pity’s sake, Dot. do not go on so— every one is looking at you,” she whispers, angrily, once. “You are insane, I think, to-riight. Do not dance with Fred Howell again. He ought to he ashamed of him self-” But Dora interrupts with one of her fre quent bursts of laughter. ; ‘.'Oh, Fred, listen here!” she calls; "here is richness. Look at Vera’s owlish face; listen to her wo.rds of wisdom. ‘Do not dance with Fred, Howell again. He ought ,to; be ashamed of himself.’ ■ Are you ashamed, Fred? You ought to be, if my • sober sister ’says so^-she is never wrong.” I ’Mr Howell stoops and whispers his an and i swer. He glances at Vera with a mali cious smile, he owes her a grudge for more than one cut direct, and he cordially hates supercilious Dane Fanshawe. He is pay ing a double debt to- night, in compromis ing his hates. Vera draws back, indig nant and disgusted, and sees them go. Dora clinging to his arm, Fred Howell’s tall, daik head bent over her blonde one— the most pronounced iliriation possible But it ends at last. Mrs Fanshawe, foolish though she be in many things is wise enough never to let daylight surprise her well-bred orgies, and stare in on hag gard faces and leaden eyes. A little after three the guests begin to depart, at half past the roll of carriages is continual, at i°ur all but the, guests are gone. And ■when the last good-night, is said, Dora fwSt^'ie dr0PS lnto a cha>r, an3 lifts a . _ lei. Slp,;er’ a face so drawn, so 50 ™se>-ab]e, that all her sins and follies are forgotten.1 :i-‘ tr^b3Vthe touch of a magic wand, every r second. y°U h and ■prettiness departs in “l am tired to death!" she says, tired to death!” She draws a long, hard breath’,' mngs up her arms over her head. tired !"am tiled t0 • death—tired—tired— V ";eariness unspeakable in the gesture, heart-sickness so utter, so desper otP,bt lat A era’s anger melts like snow. She has means to scold Dora for her mad ness but a„ woras of rcproach-.diCe in^a passion of^ity and love. My poor little,dear!” she says. As a mother, might, .’she gathers, the flower deckea, jewel-crowned head' .to her breas.. "ph’. my Dot, you have not been yourself to-night. ;i have been frightened for you. I am so glad'it is all over, and. that you can rest. No wonder you are tired-you have danced every dance. .Let me take you to your room, and help you to bed.” Without a word Dora rises, and trails her rich ball-robe slowly and wearily up the stairs to her own room: Here she sinks in a powerless sort of way again in to the first chair. "I am dead tired,” she repeats, mech anically. “If I only could sleep and not wake for the next forty-eight hours. I might be rested by the end of that time. Nothing less will do.” J ’ She lifts her heavy and dim eyes, and they fall on the dreary picture of the' Foolish \ irgins.” There they, remain in sombre silence for a long .time. Vera sends avyay Felicia, and disrobes Dora herself with swift, deft fingers—with soft soothing touches. “Do you know,” Dora says, at length, “that through it all—the crash of the band, and the whirl of the waltz, and the talk of those • men—the face of that woman there has haunted me like a ghost? I can understand now how men take to drink to drown memory or re morse. All these long' hours it has been beside me. Sometimes when I looked in Fred Howell’s face—faugh! faugh! what a fool he is!—it was the deadly white face of that crouching woman I saw. And the words went with the vision—‘Too late, too late! ye cannot en ter now!’ They have been ringing in my ears like a death-knell.” “You are morbid, your nerves are ail unstrung,” is Vera’s answer. “I wish I had not sung it. It is a weird picture— gloomy enough to haunt anyone. Do not look at it any more. Shut your poor, tired eyes while I brush out your hair. It will quiet you.” But the sombre blue eyes never leave the picture, and when she speaks' again, her question startles her sister so that she nearly drops the brush. “Vera.,” she says, “are you afraid to die?” “Dot !" “Afraid of the awful loneliness, the awful darkness, the awful Unknown. Vera, Vera! I am afraid to grow old but I hope—I hope—I hope I may be /seventy, eighty, ninety, before I die. I am afraid of death—horribly afraid. If one could come back from the dead and tell us what it is like—where all {.his that aches so in life, heart, soul, conscience, whatr ever you call it, goes after that ghastly change. But they never do, and we go on blindly, and then all at once the world slips from under us, and we are—where? Or is it the end, and are we blankness and nothingness, as before we were born? That would be best. I do not think X would fear that much!” Vera kneels down beside her, and puts her arms round her, every trace of color leaving her face, her eyes dark and dilat ed with sudden terror. . “Dora,” she says—“Dora, what is this? Are you in pain? Does your heart hurt you? Is it the spasms again?” “Oh, no!” Dora answers, wearily; “no thing'of that. I feel well enough; I never felt so well or happy in my life as I did to-night. I am dead tired now. that is all. And that picture troubles me like bad dreams. • And your song—I cannot get that despairing refrain out of my ears. I wish I were a better woman, Vera—I wisli I were as good, as wise as you-— “As I?” Vera interrupts, almost with a cry. “Oh. Dot, Dot, as. I!” “You never cany on with men as the rest of us do. They have to respect you. You would not. make a fool of yourself with Fred Howell as I did, come what might. You go to church every Sunday, tain ot shine. You have-pious little books, and you read them, and you believe in God. and Heaven, and all good things. Vera,” she breaks out, and it is a cry or passionate pain, of a soul in utter dark ness. “ is there a God, and. must I answer to Him for the life I lead, and when I' die will He send me forever to”_ But Vera’s hand is over her mouth. ■Dora is certainly mad to-night—her hus bands cruelty has turned her brain! Hush, hush,-hush!” she exclaims, in horror. “Oh, my Dot, my Dot!” What shall she say-to this blind, grop ing soul, lost in the chaos of unbelief? V hat she does say is in a broken voice, full of pity and pathos; Dora is too worn out to listen to. much.' But" she speaks of the infinite goo&ness; arid love of Him whose tender mercies are- over all His works. • , . . '' . “If yoii "would pray,” ' she says, im ploringly, “it is all, it is everything—the .‘key of the day and the lock of the night.’ ; .. Only this morning I was read ing a book., of'Eastern travels, and the writer says a_bea.ut.ifu] thing. .lie .is spealflng-.qfhtlie camels so heavily laden ail.The; weary .day who kneel at its close.to be%unstrapped and unladen; and he Shiyg. we, like carhbis, kneel down at ■night, , arid our burdens are lifted from lis. i If you' would but kneel. Dot, and believe and pray, our loving Father, who. hears the cry of every hopeless’heart before it is spoken,, would help you to bear, it. all.” ' Dora does not answer; she lies back with closed eyes,, white, spent, mute. Vera rises and resumes her work; in a few minutes, an embroidered night-dress has replaced tjie. rainbo.w costume and jewels, and Mrs fanshawe lies down on her white bed with a long, tired sigh. “It. is good to rest,” she says. “I hope I may sleep until sunset to-morrow. See that I am not disturbed, will you? I want to sleep—to sleep—to sleep.” The words trail off heavily, and then, 'with ciosed eyes, she lies still among the pillows. Vera hastily replaces the jewels in their caskets, and. arranges them on the table near the bed, flings, the ball costume over a chair, turns down the gas to a tiny point,’ kisses her sister gently, locks the floor bn the inside,'and leaves the bedroom.. ’ She goes by way of the dfessingroom adjoining/ the door of which she also locks and takes- the key. Felicia may 'enter in the . mofnilig, according to custom, with her. lady’s matutinal choco late, and Dora's sleep must hot be diS tuibed. In her own room she throws open the window, folds her own wrap about her; and sits down, glad to be alone. She feels no desire for sleep; her mind is abnormally wakeful and active. How dark it is and heavily it rains! The scent of wet grassed and dripping trees ascends. There is.not a ray of light in the black sky; the whole world seems blotted out in darkness and wet, and she the only living thing left. Is Dora asleep, she wonders-— poor, poor Dora! Thank Heaven it is not yet too late! Thank Heaven there is yet time for faith and repentance, and the be ginning of a better, less worldly life. It has been, a great and silent ‘trouble ■' to Vera during the past six years, the cynical, scoffing unbeliefs of her sister, so hateful in a man. so utterly revolting in a woman. But it is not too late, it is never loo late for penitence and amend ment this side of eternity. '■■■' Then her 'thoughts shift; the face 6t Richard Ffrench rises before her in 'the gloom.-PO-.ftril of silent,-. sad-reproacli.-. Blie loves'him, and she has sent*him from her —oh. folly beyond belief! and yet so tho roughly (the folly of a woman. , “I. liked (hot.Vera — I love this!”£-^the bounjl that' her heart gives as she recalls the words! • They are true, or he would not speaki them.. , No sense of loyalty to her would* make "Him tellher' a thing that is '"false ! He is true as truth, true as steel, a good'' a brave, a noble gentleman. ... . .. .-Vi; And she has sent him away! — the1! thought stings her with keenest, pain and' regret.' Oh, this pride that exacts such; a price! Is it too late to retract? He is? going back to Cuba, to his death, it may be. No man can carry a charmed life for ever, and he will never know she loves him. No! a sudden, glad resolution fills her — for her, no more than for. Dot, is repentance too late. He cannot leave St. Ann’s before seven to-morrow — there is time, and to spare, yet. She wiir write him, and tell him all — the -whole truth; One of the men shall start with the letter at six o’clock, and give it to him at the station. And" then — a smile and blush steal over her face — he will return to her, and then She leaves the window, turns up the gas. sits down, without waiting to think, commences to write. The words flow Caster than she can set them down—not very loving, perhaps: she cannot show him all. that is in her heart just yet, but good, wifely words, that will surely bring him. It is not long; little will suffice; she.signs, and seals, and directs. Then, as she sits looking at the familiar name, a thought strikes her; it is the se cond time in her life she has written to Richard Ffrench. She recalls- that other letter, and laughs in the new; hope .and happiness of her heart. "Was there ever such another absurd epistle penned? No wonder Dot was amused — poor Dot! who declared that in the annals of sentil mental literature it would stand alone. She is well disposed to forgive Dot to night for her share in her marriage, if she were still free to choose, he is the man of all men she would give herself to. Many men she has met, known, esteemed liked— loved not one, except this man whose wife she is, and him she loves with her whole heart. Fit e strikes somewhere down stairs. She is not sleepy, but it'is best to lie down and rest. So in a few moments she is amid her pillows, and very soon the' deep, tranquil sleep of first youth and per fect health falls upon her. and she slum bers quietly as a little child. TVhat is that? She sits up in sudden ter ror in the darkness. "Was it a cry—a cry for help? She listens, "her heart beating fast. Dead silence reigns—deep darkness is everywhere. Has she "been dreaming or was It the shriek ot4 night bird—the scream of a belatedvgjiUTNo second sound follows, and yet how, like a cry it was_ a human cry of fear," of pain! : . She rises hastily; she must make sure; perhaps Dot — she dare not finish the sentence. ., She throws on a dressing gown, and hurries to Dora’s room; A-flint light burqs in.the corridor;, she inserts Big. key softly, in the dressing- room . .dpor; enters, approaches the bedroom; and looks in. All is peace. The gas burns, a tiny star of light ; on the bed Dora lies, faintly to be discerned, quite still, sleep ing deeply.. ‘‘Thank Heaven!’’-.Vera breathes. . “It was a dream or a night bird, after all.’’ Left alone, Dora ’ Fanshawe drops asleep almost at once-—the spent sleep of utter exhaustion. • The loud beat of the rain on the. windows does not break her" rest, the heavy surging of the trees is unheard. She sleeps heavily, dreamlessly, and then, without sound or cause, sud denly awakes. And yet there is a sound in the room—a sound faint indeed, but terrible, the sound of a man stealthily; opening the jewel-cases. She springs up in bed, and a shriek, wild, piercing,, lohg, rings through the house. - ’ - He turns with an oath, and puts his* hand over her mouth. But Dora is h plueky little woman, and struggles in his grasp like a tiger-cat. .. - “1-- you!" he says, between his clenched teeth. “I'll shoot you if you' don’t be still.” - • -• A crape mask covers his face. "With one hand she tears- it off, with the-.other slfe" grasps the heavy whiskers he. wears." Their, eyes meet—the light of the gas-ije falls upon him—the struggle ceases—fo one awful instant she stares up at him he down on her. Then, with-a dull, in articulate sound she falls back, still re taining her hold. He .tears himsel free violently, and, without giving hey second glance, thrusts the last of the jewels into his pockets, unlocks th chamber 'door, and flies. He.is .out' i the pitch darkness of the wild;,/we morning before Vera looks into,, he sister’s room. ' ' ■ And Dora lies still and sleeps on;:: but with wide open, glazed eyes, fixed ' in' some strong horror. She lies motion less, and the open eyes-staring blankl at the ceiling flutter not, nor close.' ; ! j ". She has her wish; she will sleep;‘diy on this earth that sleep will never- ,b. broken. . The splendor and the glMjjil o' the world spread at her feet woulfl: iai to win one glance of gladness from ihos* sightless eyes. "y/ , The. mighty problem is spived-lnf Time ana Eternity—the soul'tfet ha, fled in the darkness and siIe"rice*-’cJf tly' night has looked "upon the .hily andiaiw ful face of God. tj The hours wear on; inside tile sleepier! sleep, and quiet reigns; outside the w|n,i veers, and drives the storni-dlouds foej fore it.;, a few stars palely usher ,'ijir. |hg dawn. Sounds of life begin "in "the ‘li^nis-e servants, stilly sleepy and " 'tifedr' ^dya; themselves down stairs." . Scarlet-bin, crimson clouds push away . ■with:,>;ms5 hands the blackness, and presentjy rj;h< sun rises like the smile of God upbri 1th. worldv But Dora Fanshawe" riSeS*' fiot will rise-no more until the ResiiFFectio Day! - (j — ■ • (To be continued.!- -. . f; 