MR. CRAVEN'S INVESTMENT. [By F. M. Iniiy,] I CHAPTER I. Mr, Craven was in a very bud temper indeed. Never, at the best of lime?, u particularly amiable old gentleman, lie was now looking positively alarming as lie stamped up and down the room, knocking chairs and tables out of liis road, and mutterinir Io himself, and every time lie glanced at the letter he held in his hand his wrath burst, forth anew. He had lost more money already by that speculation than he eared to think about, and now it seemed that he was likely to lose a good deal more. Even the sound of the dinner-bell did not appease him, and he looked so very forbidding that for some time his wife, a delicate, gentle looking woman, was afraid to utter a word. At last, seeing his brow clear a little, she ventured ' to remark : ' I had a letter from Nell this morning, John. She says she will not come home for another fortnight, if we can spare her.' Mr. Craven grunted an inarticulate reply, but his face brightened, for if there wns one person in this world lie cared for more than him self, it was his beautiful young daughter. Em boldened to proceed, Mrs. Craven asked — ' Do you happen to know anything of a Doctor Cheston ? Nell says she fancies that his father wus a friend of yours.' ' Cheston !' his face darkening again, ' remember him ! I should think so ! 1 have special cause to remember him.' Seizing the letter that had been the original cause of his anger, he. flourished it before her. ? ' Why, it wns ho that persuaded me to buy ' these shares, confound him ! A plausible idiot ! he declared I'd make a fortune out of them. Make a fortune, indeed ! Why it looks as though I'd lose one. How on earth does Nell happen to know anything about him ?' 'It's his son, .John; the old doctor died somo years ago. He seems to be a very nice young fellow indeed, though lie is rather badly off, for. ho has to support his mother and two sisters. Your sister was speaking about him last time sho wrote. He is one of their nearest neighbours, and, from what Nell says, they see a great deal of him.' Mr. Craven looked very cross. 'What! You don't mean to tell mo that they are 011 friendly terms with him ?' ' Uenainiy ; your sister seems 10 iiuuk a great deal of him, and says lie is very clever, sind sure to succeed in his profession. In fact, .Tohn, from hints Mnry lei, fall, I cannot help ihinking that he is fond of Nell.' If the roof had suddenly blown oil', or a tidal wave swept away his beautifully carpeted floor, poor Mr. Craven could not possibly have looked more taken aback, and when he did manage to j grasp tho situation bis wrath was beyond expression. ' Fond of Nell !' his only daughter and heiress. He had novor heard of such audacity, nnd bis sister actually encouraged tbo young man in liis presumption. Like most bad-tempered people, I10 was very dictatorial' ? ? ? ? ? ' Mary always was a sentimental ?simpleton. Nell sball not stay there anotbor day ; I'll send £or her at once. I'll write by this morning's post. No, that would tako too long. I shall telegraph, and the girl can come homo by this evening's train.' Poor Mrs. Craven was aghast. In vain sho remonstrated, oven begged and implored him to bo more reasonable. ' Just think bow offended Mary will be if you take Nell away without a moment's notice. What possible excuse could you give for such a strango proceeding.' ' What I' roared the angry old gentleman ; ' am I to stand tamely by and. let that plausible swindler's son make lovo to my girl. Of course lie only wants ? her for her monoy ; you said yourself that he hasn't got a penny of his own.' Here, Anna, Anna, tell Hcm'y I want inm to go into town at once to send a telegram for me.' Mrs. Trevor, a lively, good-natured young woman, as great a contrast to her irrasciblo lialf-brothor as could well be imagined, was having a tennis-party that afternoon. Every one had left oil playing, and gathered round tho afternoon tea table under tho trees on tho lawn, when tho housemaid appeared with a telegram for Miss Craven.' Nell tore it open, turning whito as sho glanced through it. ''What is it, dear?' cried Mrs. Trevor, coming hastily to hor sido. ' I do not know,— it is from papa. I— I am afraid mamma must bo ill ; ho would' nevor send for 1110 liko this unless something vory sorious had happened.' Mrs. Trevor read it hastily. She also thought thoro must bo something wrong, though sho kont lior thoughts to horsolf. ' Four o'clock, and tho tram leaves ut. a quartor to fivo. Go and got ready at onco, dear. Don't stop to pack anything ; I'll do that, and soiul your luggago aftor you to-morrow. I must tell thom to get tbo buggy ready.' \-- Won't you uso mine, Mrs. Trovor ; it would save timo,' said a cjuiot voico hosido her, Mrs'. Trovor lifted a' grateful faco. ' Oh, thank you, doctor.; it would indeed.' Thon turning to tho rost of lior guests— 'I know you. will all oxouso 1110 for running away, but I have to accompany my nioco to tho station.' ? Noll was soon back again, looking vory palo arid siul, as sho said good-byo to hor sympathis ing friends..' '. 'I am coming with you to tno station, iuiss Craven,' sakl Dr. Cheston, gently, as sho held out hor hand with a voi'y tremulous farewell. ' Tho drivo .wits a very silent ono, all tlii'oo being j po much occupied with thoir own thoughts to say much ; but whon 'sho was safely ^ in tho train, and tho last good-bye had beon said, poor Nell quite- broko down. Tho doctor, standing by tbo opon window, raised libr hand to liis lips. 'My darling,'. ho murmured, 'you must not givo way liko this. Thoro may bo nothing tho matter aftor all,' And then tho train startod, and ho was loft with Mrs. Trovor to watoh a tiny lace handkerchief waving bravely, until a bond in tho lino hid it from viow. ♦ CHAPTER IT. Tlio following afternoon, as Mrs. Trovor was ?working in tho garden, fllio saw tlio doctor coming down tbo path to moot lior ; and, if 110 had not boon so occupied with Jus own thought's, ho must havo seen bow different to hor usual bright greeting wns hor confused ' Ob,, bow do you do, doctor 7 I did not oxpeot to sco you to-day.' , ' I have lust called to soo what nowa you \o had from Miss Craven, ' ho bogan ( abruptly, when' slio interrupted him with a hurried-— ' I suppose I must call it vory good news. I had a lottor from my brother this morning to apologise for taking her away so abruptly, They were all quite well ; there was nothing the matter, but — ' She hesitated a moment then plunged wildly into it. ' Mr. Hatton, the young man Nell is engaged to, arrived unex pectedly yesterday morning, and as be could only stay a day or two, my brother sent for Nell at once.' ' , ' I was not aware that Miss Craven was engaged,' lie said, quietly, after n long pause, during which Mrs. T revor picked lour of her best rose-buds and tore them to pieces. 'Neither was I,' she responded, quickly; 'but then, you see, until she came to stay with 11s I had seen so little of her, and seldom cor responded with my brother's family. I re member Flo. Davis told me something about it, and'said Nell was a great flirt, but I thought she said it in fun. I am very fond of the girl, but I think she has behaved — ' The doctor held out liis hand,-, saying abruptly — ' I must go, now, Mrs. Trevor ; I am rather busy to-day,' and went away to his work, and during tho next three or four months contrived to assure himself many times that after all Miss Craven was nothing to him! He saw her father's death announced in tho papers ; but, little dreaming how it would influence his own life, wondered if the girl was married yet, nnd forgot it until coming home late one evening he found a letter waiting for liim from a well known lawyer. ' It must, be a fortune,' said the elder of his two sisters, a girl of sixteen, as she put down the tea- pot and came round to his side. The doctor laughed. Ho was looking much older and more careworn than four months ago. His practice was not a nourishing one, and lie was beginning to find it rather hard to make both ends meet. He read the brief business letter through, and then read it again. ' Here, Milly, see what you can make out of it ; surely there must be some mistake. Why should Mr. Craven, 'a man I never saw in my life, have left me these shares, and what is the mine / L never even neara 01 it ueiore, ana wny word it so strangely. ' Hoping they will not cost him more than they have cost me.' ' ' Here's an enclosure you must have dropped,' said the girl, and read it over his shoulder. ' Why, what a vindictive old man,' she exclaimed, wratlifully. 'Read it aloud, Hugh, so mother can bear.' ' Dear sir,' began the astonished doctor, ' as you will doubtless bo much astonished by this extraordinary bequest, we volunteer the following explanation. Our late client, a man of peculiar temper, we regret to say bore an undying resentment against your father, who many years'ago unfortunately persuaded him to buy these shares. As the mine, in spite of beginning so promisingly, turned out an utter failure, they proved to be a remarkably bad investment, and he lost a great deal of money over them ; and, by way of revenge for youf father's bad advice, lias left them to you, hoping that you also will be a loser.' Mrs. CheSton and her daughters were very indignant. ' Why, Roger,' exclaimed bis mothor, ' that must have been his daughter — that pretty little girl who was staying with tho Trevors some time ngo.'.. ? ? Tho doctor ' supposed 'so,' nonchalantly; us I10 gathered up tho papers and looked them away in his desk, and- tried to . forgot them, until meeting i\lr. .Lrovor, — wno 01 course knew the whole story — he stopped him. to ask : ' By tho way, Cheston, havo you still got those shares ?' , ' I'm not likely to got rid of them,' said tbo doctor, laughing, but feeling anxious at the question nevertheless, for tlioy weighed heavily 011 his mind. 'Well, I wouldn't advise you to yot, for I saw by to-day's paper that they've made an extraordinary find thero. Of cours.e it is only tho vaguest rumour so far, but I shouldn't be surprised if you wore to make a fortune out of them after all. Strange if you should, for tho rost of Craven's investments liavo turned out so badly that his wifo and daughter are practically penniless. Mrs. Craven has gono to somo of her own people, and Nell, is coming back to us until sho can get a situation as governess. You remember Nell, don't you 7' Tho doctor was seized, with such 'a fit of absentmiii'dedness that be quite forgot to cul and see three of his pnticnts, and . Mr.' Trovor's last bit of news had completely -driven tho strango rumours about the. mine' out of his head. ' Nell trying to got a situation as go vorness I What had become of Mr. Hatton ? Well, it's 110 business of mine,' said the doctor, grimly, after pulling ovor it all tho wny homo. ' I wonder how long sho is going .to .stay with the Trevors ? However, that's nothing to mo, for t havo 110 intention of going near tlio parsonage whilo sho is thoro. I'm too busy', to spend my timo at tho bock and call of a finished coquette.' With which wise rosolution tho doctor banged tho gardon gate, and spent tho ovoning wonder ing what had bocomo of Miss Craven's fiance. ' CHAPTER III. V ? ' Dick, for pity's sake stop writing ior a few minutes and advise mo what to do, for roally I am almost frantic,' oxcluinicd Mrs. Trevor one afternoon, . coming into the study .where hor husband was vainly trying to finish bis sermon. Woll 7' questioned the long-suffering man, pushing aside his papors with a suppressed sigh. ' It's about Noll.' 9$ ' Slio doos look ill,' ho interrupted. ' Botto send for Cheston.' . . ... His 'wifo gavo a littlo scream. ..'.Dick, you aro without oxeoption tho most stupid man I know. '.Don't you seo, that is what- 1 am tolling vmi : I10 has not been hero onco since sho came, and — ' - ? t ' Woll, my dear, that's only a fortnight ago, and I know bo's pretty busy just now.' , Mrs. Trovor lookod tho picture of woo. ( ' No matter liow busy lie was ho contrived to como nearly ovory day last timo she was here. Surely you must havo sqen 'that ho simply worshipped her,' ' .. ' ' 'Woll, seoing that you_ dinned it into my head morning, noon, and night,' it would havo boon strango if I hadn't; but, at the samo timo, I 'must' say 'I always' imagined that he ' camo to- play . tomiis. ? But roally, Mary, you eoukl scarcely expect' tho man to como aftor tho way ? hor. . fathor treated him ; il; would bo most awkward for- both of them, and for ub, too, and' I am glad lio has sufficient son'so to keop away.' ? ' Why ho ought to bo most grateful to John. Only 'think what a lot -of monoy ho is making out of thoso shares aftor all,' '/ ' .Do you know, lio doesn't wilnt to keep, a, ponny of it, but is talking of haying thom all transferred to Noll and hor mother ^ says tlio old man wouldn't havo loft thom to him if Jio'd had tho remotest idea of their .( timing out, well. Scorns rather loo quixotic 11. notion to please me, nnd tho clergyman took up his pen, but his wifo seized it, and pushing it out of his reach, said, hurriedly — ' It isn't that keeps him away, dear! but he was very fond of her, and — and I told him that she was engaged,' and she told him all about her brother's letter. ' Of course as soon as Nell came I. said something about her engagement— I'd been dying to bear all about it — and she simply stared at me with her great sad eyes, ' I do not understand you,' she said at last, and I am sure she thought I wns- referring to the doctor, I repeated what her father bad told me, and to my horror she waB as much surprised as I had been.' ' She had known Mr. Hatton since she was a child, she said, and they, bad always been great friends, but he was engaged to his cousin — he had told her so himself. She knew her father wanted her to ninrry him ; he had often said as much, and he had always been so used to having everything go exactly as lio wished that most likely he had had 110 doubt whatever about their being ready to get married whenever lie told them to,' said poor Mrs. Trevor, ending with a pathetic — ''Now what am I to do.' ' Well,' said her lmsbnnd, gravely, 'it seems to me that you have done a great deal too much alreadv. Nell looks ns thoinrh she is ranidlv going into a consumption, and tho doctor is turning into a con finned' misogynist, I suppose you did not tell Nell that you had tolcl tho doctor of her supposed engagement?' Mrs. Trevor shook her head. ' So that each is regarding the other as a heartless flirt. Well, my dear Alary, your match- making has certainly been anything but 11 success. ? I suppose as those mines have turned out so well, there is no im mediate danger of the doctor shooting himself, and Nell appears to have a good appetite in spite of it all ; so, if you take my advice, you will leave them alone. If you like I might contrive to give the doctor a gentle hint tlint it was all a mistake, though I'm not very fond of meddling in other people's affairs. And now I really must go out ; if I meet the young man I'll invite him home to tea,' It was late in the evening when Mr. Trevor came homo. His wife was sitting by the fire reading studiously, 'Where's Nell ?' I10 inquired, with a quick look round as he sat down in tbe opposite chair. Mrs. Trevor looked confused. ' You won't laugh, will you, dear ?' she begged. ' But — but they've got measles in a house in the next street, — Sarah told 1110 so this morning, and — and baby seemed very fretful, so — so I thought I'd better send for the doctor.' Mr, Trevor sank back in his chair, and fairly shouted with laughter. 'Well, what happened,?' he asked, as soon as lie had sufficiently recovered his breath to utter a word, ' Why, Nell turned as white as a ghost, and when lie saw hor sad, changed faco, I think it was all he could do to keep irom catching lier in his arms, so I said I'd come and sco about somo afternoon tea, and-r-' ' Here tlioy come now,' said her husband, looking out through tho window, 'and -tlio doctor looks as though he intends to stay to tea.' [the end, 3 