MR. HOLM AN, M.P., AT WATERLOO. UNANIMOUS VOTE AGAINST THE BILL A public meeting, held under the auspices ot the Colonists' Anti-Convontlon Bill League, was addressed by Mr. W. A. Holmau, M.P., on Saturday night, at Waterloo. Throughout tho length, of a stirring harangue, lasting an' hour and a half, but slightly by discordant interruptions. Mr. Holman commenced with an earnest appeal to all who had the welfare of Now Soutli Wales at heart not to Temaln apathetic in tlio present crisis. Patriotic electors should make no delay in taking their stand side. by side with the men who were organising the fight for their rights and liberties. They had a powerful enemy arrayed against them, a batch of unscrupulous politicians, who wero not going to stick at trifles when their personal aggrandisement was at stake. It would be an insult to the intelligence of his hearers to warm them against the hollow mummery of the "one flag, one destiny" type. A' true Fede ration — a Federation 'that- would demolish pro vincial jealousies and cement Australian brother hood—every democrat could favor. But the main advantages of union were lost in tho measure beforo them. The interests of the people had ben sacrificed to conserve the unholy ambitions of a- few lawyers— men of the devil's brigade, whose design It was to foist their devil's ghost of a Federation upon a deluded people. Thoy were in such a hurry-scurry to bring the people's rieck under tlie yoke that tliey had not found time to devise a feasible system of financing. They wanted to give us a Federation into which our natural ally, Queensland, would never enter, and Federation without our northern neighbor meant an open door" left for the influx ot alien races. Federal defence was one of the attrac tions set up by the bill's supporters. That waM a. vain appeal .to sensible-minded men. -Fede rated or not, the Australian colonies would natur ally unite against a common enemy. But our safety depended solely on the ability of the mother land to maintain her position as "mis tress of the seas." It narrowed itself down to this. Tho bill Offered us intercolonial freetraclb at tlie price of all the advantages Federation should give us. (A Voice.— "A bigger price than we'll pay.") The Senate would be the dominant factor in the government of Australia under the bill, a Senate that would represent tlie min ority of the people. (A Voice. — "A Senate of capitalists to mobolise a Federal army to coerce the workers.") A House of ultra- conservatism; a House compared with which tho English House of Lordts would be a furiously democratic body. Let tlio voters not be deceived by tho specious cry that Federation or no Federation depended on tills bill. From its ashes would spring a union more befitting the needs of a free and enlightoned people. (Cries of "Throw it out, and Reid with it.") A resolution, "That the Conference Bill is detri mental to the best Interests of New South Wales," was unanimously adopted. 