Saored Heart Church, Barnawartha. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONlv ("Federal Standard," Seyt. 1.) Sunday last. was. lniio'.vl, ;i rou-leiter day in the annals of Barnuwartha, the occasion being the laying of the foundation stone of the new Sacred Heart Church. For some time the olcl building, which stands south of the railway line, has been deemed to be unsafe and only recently it was condemned. Though services have since been regularly held therein, it was recognised that the dictum of the Board of Health could not continue to be ignored indefinitely, and the necessity for a new edifice was therefore made all the more urgent. Funds were at once solicited, and noble responses made, and witli a handsome amount to go on with, no time was lost in having plans and specifications for a suitable bidding prepared. The lie v. Father O'Connor, desirous of seeing the new, church erected in a more favourable position, was fortunate in securing a splendid allotment just off the main Chiltern-Wodocga road and opposite the Barnawartha Recreation Reserve, and on this site the foundations have already been put down. The announcement that the ceremony, of laying the foundation stone would take place on Sunday was a sufficient excuse for the ^presence of Jihe large gathering witnessed theriat,'. "visitors, embracing every,'shade of religious belief, wore present from. ^Llbury,' Wodonga, Springhurst, Yackandflmdafc, fchiltern, Rutherglen| and other part& / of tli8 district. Over. a thousand pej^ons were present altogether,.,,As may»Se readily imagined, the seating accommodation in the old church was taxed to its utmost at the 11 o'clock Mass, only about a third of the people being able to gain adurttance. The remaining two-thirds had to content themselves listening as bo&t; they could outside. The Rev. Father O'Connor celebrated Mass, His Lordsliip, the Coadjutor Bishop (Dr. Reville) being present. The choir of St. Mary's Ohiltern, supplied the exquisite music of Farmer's Mass, the soloists being Misses K. and M. M'Swiuey and Sexton, and Messrs. Davine and Rhynehart. Miss H. Dwyer presided at the organ. Messrs. P. Boucher (cornet) and Hollister (piccolo) lent valuable assistance, and Mr. H. Davine capably conducted. Miss F. Martin also contributed a solo, "O, Salutaris," the accompaniment being played by Miss Boyce. A welcome was heartily extended by the Rev. Father O'Connor to all who were present. They were there that day to witness the first practical step in a most important undertaking, and ho trusted sincerely that their marks of sympathy with the movement would be practically substantial. The Rev. Father Delaney said the day should be one of great rejoicing among the Catholics of Barnawartha. First, in seeing amongst them a great and good bishop, who had travelled an immense journey at great inconveniencc to be present that day, and whose words of eloquence would be heard shortly. They would on that great and solemn occasion have an opportunity of hearirg a distinguished priest, the Rev. Fatliei Brown, of the Society of Jesus, one of the most distinguished orders of the Church of God. He was glad to aotice among tins congregation kind friends whom he recognised from Eutherelcu Wodoliga, and other centres, who liaii come there to encourage and cheer tk<> people of Barnawartha on. It was a joy for them to see Cod's prelate there to bless a grand and glorious house to His name. In va few months more their joy would be greater still. They would be there to witness the solemn dedication of their beautiful edifice. Their bishop would be there again, and having sprinkled its walLs with blessed water and signed many times the sign oi redemption, he shall, in their uam< offer their new built house to the Moa High. The great sacrifice of the Mass will be offered up, and it will be their joy to hear for the first time in tlieii new built church, the sound of the" bell heralding the coming of tho Great King The priests shall utter over bread ami wine the words of ti-anssubstantiatina power, and down from His Heavenly glory shall comc the spotless lamb—tho eternal Son of the eternal God-to make His abode in His new home. And He shall come to stay—to stay for ever —while there is a priest of God to consecrate the sacramental elements. He shall be with them and their children, and their children's children. Not all the gold of Africa, or Australia, not all the piled-up wealth of nations, not all the boasted still of sages could give them what would be given out from witli ; u those walls. The prayers of their priests, and their own prayers and petitions, would ascend to the throne of God. Streagth would be given tho weak, consolation to the afflicted. Tin: medicine of life and immortality would be their portion. And in return for all these things, should they not make sacrifice? They should remember that all things belonged not to men, but God. What God had given them He could deprive them of, and leave them penniless. He it was who bestowed graces and riches, and He could snap them from them in an instant. Could any Catholic in that Catholic district say that anything was too good for God? God was never outdone in generosity, and who could say that anyone would lose anything by going security for Him ? For two thousand years His church had been in existence, and waa not yet bankrupt. Let them rise to the great and grand occasion and make a sacrifice for God, and they could res', assured God would reward them generously in this life and a thousandfold in the life to come. His Lordship, Dr. Reville, said lie came specially from Bendigo for the puipese of taking part in that interesting and important ceremony, and to shuu them the great interest he took iu anything done for the sake of the Faith. On » previous occasion he had an opportunity of noting the characteristics of the good people of Barnawartha, and he liatl pleasure in again testifying to their virtue, piety and faith. The young men of the parish, mid he was glad to see great number of them present, were inheritors of a priceless gift that had corny down to them from sainted ancestors. Irishmen, the world over, made the erection of thejHouse of God their first duty, and Irishmen were responsible for the building of the church they were then gathered in. Having stood for n number of years, il. was looked upon WITH veneration. But HS tlioy WEIV aware it was becoming dangerous, and, (hough it might last a long time, still there was a possibility of an accident occurring at any moment, and probably oiidine in loss of life. Prudence directed and necessity dictated that another house of prayer should be provided. Their good clergyman had, in conseouence, selected, with" far-seeing prudence an allotment on which to build a handsome edifice, and of superior architectural merit. Its position would be ,-rominent, and on its gables would be lilaced the symbol oj salvation, a proof of tlie nf the faith Catholics. They would that, dav assemble at the site 01" the new church, where the blessing of God and Heaven would be invoked on <he building, and on all those who eon- < ributed or helped. In a few years— please God—it .would be Ins pleasina: Iliitv to announce that there was no debt on the church, and that it would be the first of many to be consecrated to God. •1 free gift, and a standing memorial of ihe faith of a good people. Mass having been concluded, the. congregation formed into processional ovder r.utside the church. Some two hundred children led the way, being followed in inrn by about sixty members of the f hiltern branch H.A.C.B.S. in regalia, mid banner flying, the laity, and th acolytes with crucifix, the priests ajid bishop bringing up the rear. The rfeetnele was indeed a magnificent on£. t)n vpncliing the new site the ceremony .of / Messing the stone and sprinkling, tbe foundation was performed by the bishop. At its conclusion \ Rev. Father Brown. S.J., preaclicd an interesting and powerful sermon. takine: as bis text the words: — "Glory to God in th highest, and on earth peace to men of <rood will." Luke ii., 14. He said: - My Lord, Reverend Tati'.ors and dear brethren in Christ--Manv thoughts. 11c doubt., will come into our minds to-day, for the occasion that brings us toneHior is a great one. The •.vor't for which wo arc here is. indeed. ere.it. and 111 proportion to its greatness, should bp IIIF exultation of our minds, and the iov of our hearts. It is a privilege fli.-it koines to many of us but once, in a lifo- (ime (o take part in so groat- a work. Tt is (treat in everv sense of the wo .-rl. fiod, in the first place, is honoured. That iv our intention, deev> down ill om minds, to honour God. our Creator, from whom we have all thinsrs. No< only is the work honourable, and of sucli n nature as to give. Him honour and "•lory, but it is a work beneficial In 11s Tt, is a work not intended for time 011I \\. Tt will continue when time shall lie 110 more. The material structure will nvt 1 endnre until the end of time. Like human works, it will be transitory, and will pass away. .-Holy, Scripture teaches (hat the eaHh sliall pass away, and a'l things shall be changed by God, as simply as though they were but, a gar ment. "Thou, in the beginning. O Lord, didst, found the earth, and the »r.rks of Thy hands are the heavens. Thev shall perisli. but Thou shalt con- 1 inue. They shall all grow old as a garment, and as a vesture shalt Thou change them." All things will have .111 end. The material fro rid will disappear, and the temples, be" thev great or small, will pass away also. Locking at our work from a' sniritual point of view, all that is transitory disappears , we are raisins up a temple to the living Gnd that will give Him glory. Its influence will pass beyond the lengths of time, and: being merged, but not lost, in the river of the water of life that flows for ever., clear as crystal, from the throne of tho Lamb, will give everlasting jov to God and His saints. We are not children of time only.' we are children of eternity. We are here for' tbe years—brief, fleeitng years—that God haa appointed. We have works to do that may need many sacrifices. Greater works than this have been, and will be, raised to the honour and glory of God, but though it will be of modes', dimensions, it' is- not because our minds are small, but because we are being guided by prudence. We are here engaged in a work -that is for eternity, and, moreover, has its origin in eternity. In doing this wbrk our reliance must be ion God. :.©ie man who seeks to bnildiGod's house without'assistance from tHim, is sure to fail. ""Unless the Lord build, "the ,house they labour in vain - that build it." -We aire'laying a foundation -stone: that is ftot material, the stone 'of tt- hfchIsaias speaks: "Behold! will lay 'a Btone in the foundation of ,\Sion • • "• & corner stone, a orecious atone, founded ' in the foundation." Centuries Afterwards this prophecy was repeated, not' by a prophet,, but by, Ghrist- Bimself, the Son of God. Infcbe parable Tlhat is known as that of 16I10 -(Wicked Husbandmen." He expressly declares that H^is the stone which the -builders rejected, and bhat Me "ia become tlie lieod of the corner," and that they who rejected Etini would be rejected by Him in turn. This same truth is put clearly before us in the Acts of the Apostles. We read tluit S S Pet.er and John, wlietn passing into the temple, were asked by a man, who was lame from his mother's womb. for alms. Peter, in reply, said to hire. "Silver and gold I have none, but wlu.t I have I give thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, arise and walk!" and straightway the man arose and walked, and the people marvelled. Being challenged by the High Priest to declare "by what power, or by what name" he had worked this miracle, Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said, "Ye princes of the people and ancients, hear! If we this day are examined concerning the good deed done to the infirm man, by what means he hath been made whole, be it known to you, and to all tbe people of Israel, that by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified, whom Gnd bath raised from the dead, even by Him this man standeth before you whole. This is the stone which was rejected by you, the builders, which is become the Head of the corner. Neither is thero salvation in any other, for there is no other name under heaven given to men whereby we must be saved." Jesus Christ, then, is the foundation stone of the entire church, and every part, of it. lie-is the foundation of our faith, our hope, pur charity. We are "no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowoitjzehs the saints a)ld domestics tf.Qtf j^jfc. ^non the foundation of tlle Apostles jand prophets, Jesus Clirisr .hims<?# beiilg the chief sorner-stone. in ^lorT1 whom 'all an tJ, the P hniWin<T building I^ino- being framed to- ' gether,' growjeth up into a holy temple in the Lord!" The preacher having said that the virtue and influence coming from Christ, the living stone, must p~-r vade the church and all its membr a, and having sliown that all power in hc:iven and earth is given to Him, went on to sav that He ardently desires to confer all favours unon us. To gain those favours we Build this home, to which we invite Him to come and dwell in it be in our midst. His wish is that we should become sharers in the best Tin has for us—eternal life. Tlie choicest graces and favours will not come, to us in the ordinary course unless we st live to co-operate with Him. to make ourselves worthy of them. We must work witli Him, or allow Him to work with us, and in us, and unless we do so we shall not receive those favours either in this life or eternity. O11 earth Ho worked, suffered and died for us. The words quoted. "Glory to- God in the highest. and peace on earth to men of good will." were uttered by the choir of iiiigels. heralding His coming. • to the shepherds. To give us peace He had to take upon Himself the chastisement we merited for our misdeeds. "The chastisement of our neace was nnon Him." Here 111 this house we shall find this peace! peace which the world cannot give, for we shall have God and His power winding and strengthening us. The arm of God is not shortened. God's power is the same now as always. Wo want to have our divine Lord in ou midst, near us in time, in order that we may be near Him in eternity. We desi>-r> to come under the influence of God's power in tilings spiritual. In (his church we shall receive the sacraments of baptism, penance, Ac., and we slinil have Him in the F.ucliaristic form dwelling in the temple for us for our welfare in time and in eternity. We will have Hiin with us that ive mav be fitted for the resurrection that is cominp. "He that eateth My flesh and drinketli My blood ha.th everlasting life, and T will raise him up 011'the last d-iy." Our faith should suggest what we should do. No sacrifice should be too <*reat for us to have Him in our midst. "As we sow, so shall we reap." The poor woman who had given her mite, who had r>ii< her farthing into the treasury, received a greater reward than the rich who gave their thousands, for she had sacrificed her all, while the rich had given out, of their abundance. Tlie reward that God will give will be in keeping with His greatness and love. All power and riches are His. and His love for us is infinite. We ma 1 " be certain that anything we do for God shall be rewarded. This vear is a. favoured ohe in God's Church. The head of the Church 011 earth. Our Holy Father the Pone, has said that this year all the nations of the earth fehall be consecrated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus. This church is also to be consecrated to the Snored Heart. "God has -chosen and, sanctified this place, that. His name and His heart may be here for ever. 1 ' Tlie Sacred Heart of Jesus is not only a symbpl of •His love for us, but.'the shrine,where that love is to be 'found. That love for us is illimitable. It is an ocean that, is infinite. "We may qorfie to that Sacred Heart and be sure we shall never be .'(>jecte9. We have reason to be grateful to Almighty God that such a. work an tins has been undertaken. It proves that in your revered Bishop and beloved pastor you have men filled with zeal for our glorious faith. Being responsible to God for your souls, they discharge their obligations, nobly and wisely in building this temple to tlie honour of God for your salvation. As Catholics we should be resolved to stand together, resolved on carrying on to a. finish tho work that we have here begun. Sacrifices will bring many blessings, and tbe edifice will serve is a memorial of the faith that has como to us from martyred ancestors, filling your hearts and souls with a joy that will abide continually, until as His faithful children you shall be invited by Chris* Our Lord—the Author and finisher of your faith—to enter into the joy of heaven . 