Cj^BBVipSr Mails by the P. and O. R.M.S- Victoria were J delivered in Sydney to-day. j General fuller arrived it Durban, on. Saturday, 1 and at once left lor 'the front. - President Kruger is reported to be in a flerioua ' condition, suffering from Bright's disease. It is reported that all the Boer commandos are ehort of provisions, and are on the verge of star vation. I . The Victorian ketch Bella Matson is reported I missing. The vessel was last heard of on No- I vember 3. j The Premier is now busy preparing his finan- j cMA statement, which is to be delivered at an. I early date. ' j Water carts are sadly needed on the North Syd- I ney tram lines, Mosman and Willoughby par* I ticularly. j The North Sydney cable train recorded another j stoppage yesterday owing to an accident at Use j power-house. ' j The Russian Government has decided to expt&d; j 11,000,000 roubles (about £1,650,000) in improve- j ments at Port Arthur. j Mr. Coghlan having been attacked by influenza, I the Ministerial inquiry begun last week has been I suspended for a few days. I The detachment of N.S.W. Lancers, under Cap- 1 tain Cox, helped to repair the railway line which was cut near Arundel by the Boers. Timber shipments -to South Africa are on the increase. Some 430.X)00ft are being sent from Ho- j bartj arid further' shipments will follow. Lord Brassey has definitely fixed the date of liis I departure from Melbourne for January 13 next^ when he will resign his position as Governor. Great Britain has formally notified tbe Powers of the existence of a state of war with the Trans vaal and Orange Free State since October 11. A severe gale occurred recently at Lord Howe | Island, and considerable damage was occasioned to trees and to the crops of maize and potatoes. j Captain Webber, secretary of the National Ship. \ wreck Relief Society, has received the sum of £9 j 17s 6d from Commander M. Carey, of the R.M.6. j Moana. ' The Medic, with the Victorian, South Austra lian, and West Australian contingents on board, arrived at Capetown on Sunday. Only ona horse was lost. The mails which left Sydney per the R.M.S. Himalaya (P. and O. line), on October 24, arrived in London on November 24. They were due oa the 26th. Mr. George Munro, for many years manager of M'Arthur and Company, of York-street, Sydney, died suddenly at Campbelitown early yesterday morning while on a visit. I Private Hunt, of the New Zealand contingent, i who met with an accident on board the Waiwcra, j and is now in the hospital at Capetown, is a j son of Dr. Hunt, of Christchurch. ; At the Ho-mebush saleyards yesterday a four- I horned merino ram, bred in the Moree district, I was knocked down, after a spirited competition, to Mr. R. Roberts, of Glebe Island, for 28s. Mr. Smithurst, a visitor to Wentworth Falls j from Sydney, fell over the rocks at the Valley ot i Waters, a distance of 30ft, on Sunday, and receiv- | ed severe injuries, including a broken nose. J At the Dacey banquet: — Mr. O'Sullivan: 'Ths present Government — 'Progress with prudence;' at the end of the tether, 'Well done, thou good and faithful servants!' ' Whereat much cheer ing. H.M.S. Pylades returned to port yesterday, after an absence of four months. During this period the vessel visited the Fiji, Naussan, Dangar, j Humphrey, Rierson, Samoa, and Suwarrow Is- j lands. A terrace of three brick-built houses, situate 2S9, 301, 303 Cleveland-street, Redfern, opposite Prince Alfred Park, was sold yesterday privately ' by Messrs. Hardie and Gorman for £2500 to Mr.' A. Rofe. The British advance from Estcourt against Frere and Colenso has begun. The Boers, are falling back rapidly towards Warrington, and I Joubert has retreated from the Mooi River to- ] wards Ladysmith. ? . j At last night's meeting of the Leichhardt Coun- J cil an alderman explained, by the cause of some J remissness in his municipal duties, by stating] that he had that day been robbed of his goldl chain at Double Bay. I Lord Methuen's column for the relief of Kim- 1 berley has. had another sharp fight with the Boers 1 at Grasspan. The enemy was defeated after two I hours* furious fighting, and heliographic commu- j nicaUon with Kimberley was established. At a well- attended meeting of Civil servants j at Newcastle last night, the opinion was express-' : ed that it was ridiculous that certain public ser- ' vants should still be on the temporary staff after, perhaps, twenty or thirty years of service. Mr. Lyne has received a cable mes~-i3-3 frcm South Africa stating that the Kent, with the first poition ol ttrc New Scuth Wales contingent; aud the Cornwall, with the Queensland contingent, will be ordered on to Capetown on arrival at Port Elizabeth. Railway Commissioners ? Oliver (N.3.W.), Matheson (Vic), and Pendleton (S.A.), bad an informal discussion in Melbourne yesterday on matters of intercolonial interest to be dealt viita ? at the next Railway Conference in Adelaide in February next. A new supply of water has been struck in the old Gnomery bore, thirteen miles from Goodooga, at a depth of 2360ft, the flow being estimated at 200,000 gallons per diem. In this bore a supply of 8000 gallons was struck at 2029ft, and another one of 30,000 gallons at 2105ft. Mr. Sauer, Commissioner of Public Works in Cape Colony, speaking in the disaffected district, urged loyalty, and promised magnanimous treat ment to repentant 'rebels. The refugees from : Aliwal North, however, declare, that Mr. Sauer's . presence encouraged disaffection. | The reduced rates tor cable messages agreed on :' 'between the Eastern Extension Company and the South Australian and West Australian Govern ments, will not come into operation until favor- ?, able replies have been received from New South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland. Ill luck seems to follow the steamer Waikato, which was so4ong drifting about disabled befora being towed to Fremantle (W.A.). A fire broke out on board two days before her arrival at Dune din (N.Z.), but it was confined to the. insulating ? system, and the damage was not serious. At last night's meeting of the Leichhardt Council a letter was received from the Water arid Sew erage Board, respecting the drainage of -premises within the municipality which have not yet been connected with the sewer. The board's communi cation stated that, a compulsory -list was in course of preparation. At a ^neeting of the Kurnell Trust held at the Premier's office yesterday, Mr. Hassall (Minister for Lands) was appointed president and Mr. Vic tor Cohen secretary. It was decided to ask the ? Government for funds to improve the reserve, and permission was also given to a lady to provide refreshments at the landing place. The following candidates were successful in the law matriculation examination held at. the Uni- , versity on November 13 and , following days: F. W. Brentnall, Mr. A. C. GUI, B.A.; F. C. Futter, ; the King's School, Parramatta; F' H. Greaves, j private study; F. W. Herrmann, Mr. F. J. Butler,/^ B.A.; A. H. Lawry, Crofton College; and ft J O'Brien, King's College, Goulburn. The following resolution was passed at a large public meeting at Bellingen: 'That, as the plateau of the Don Dorrigo meets all the requirements stated by Mr. Commissioner Oliver to be essential to a site for the federal capital, this meeting respectfully requests the Colonial Secretary, through the member for the district, to submit the Don Dorrigo as a proposed site for Mr. Oliver to report upon.' Mr. E. T. Walsh, who is a candidate for Mac ifluarie Ward at the City Council elections. &&? dressed the ratepayers at the Royal Standard ' Hotel last evening. He said there was a serious lack of economy -In Hie workings of the Town Hall departments, of which there were too many: He ;. was in favor of sending to England for an expert to supervise the installation of electric lighting in the city, of municipal baths, and of improve ments to Hyde Park. . A number of Leichhardt aldermen complain of , the existence of superstition in the municipaJitT The council has a reserve of land, about 60ft wide, surrounding a cemetery thai has been closed up for some time. It desires to sell this land, but fears that it may be hampered in doing so by ths ; opinion -locally prevailing that it. is more or less ?? the hunting ground for the ghosts that have at tached themselves to the adjacent cemetery. At last night's meeting of the council several alder men testified to the existence of the belief referred to- : : ? ?::?.;%? ':-'?. -%^. ? ? :?; Tattersairs Newcastle 'C, 50,1)00 fit 6. C/o. 0. ?~ Adame, Hpbart.— 0. . T- ;. -; ' 