A REPENTANT GHOST. ' So you actually believe in ghosts ?' re marked Charlie Beaven-.interrogatively,with an amount of flippanoy in bis tone, and an amused ?mile on bis ratber boyish face, to his elder aad more sedate friend Kobeit Forder, as they sat together in the formers comfortable bachelor rooms one evening towards the close of tbe lost month of Ihe year, discussing a choice blend ot whisky (judiciously commingled with potass), and blowing curly blun wreaths from unim peachable cigats. ' 1 am bound to believe iu them,' replied the other in all seriousness. ' What r1 Do you mean to say tbat you have seen one ?'' ' Decidedly ; I may say I almost owe my wife to a Spook.'' ' Come. I saf, old man, draw it a litlle mild !' ' I'll tell you the story if you like. But mind, I very rarely mention the subject. I don't care about it talked about anywhere and everywhere. You understand ?' ' Perfectly,' said Charlie, all eagerness for the recital. ' Go ahead. I'll be as mum as a-a-a what's its name,' ' Well, you must know before I secured (through the influence of my father-iu-law; my present position as manager of tbe bank here, I was pursning the calling of an accountant in Csrchestor. After three years' hard labour I began to feel ray feet and think I might venture to ask a certain veung lady to shire my future lot. 1 was tolerably sure tbat I should meet with ao rebuff from my darling, but there was a stern pareot to be reckoned with. ' I had made tha BcmuiinfcAn/» -iF Mr. Matthew Turnover, bead of tbe respected and old crusted banking-bouse of Turnover Bro thers, and Cbeckwell, through ordinary business intercourse, and we became in time on quite intimate terms. I frequently spent my Sun days at his charming residence in the park He had an only daughter, Eleanor. The rest you will readily understand. Well, I put tbe momentous question to the dear girl and achieved the success I plead guilty to have been vain enough to anticipate. ' Then followed tbe iuevitable interview with papa. He evinced ua surprise when I told him my tale, as many fathers do after being themselves the prime movers in bringing tvo impressionable young people together. Ho was straightforward enough. Told ma, al though he had certainly oberisbed more ambi tious views for his only child, it was not Us in tention to try to enforce his ideas if they were likely to interfere with his daugh ter's happiueas. Still, he was bound to consider the important ques tion of ways and means, and though he admitted I bad made rapid and subttautial progress in my profession— if such it could be called— he at the same time did not consider the income I was then earning sufficiently large to justify me in taking upon myself the res-. poriBibility of a wife and probable contingencies. ' He wouod up by saying : ' ' Although Eleanor, as you know, is an only child, sba will not materially benefit through me on her marriage, as it is my fixed intention to withdraw no sum of consequence from the bank. My share of the profits— ex- cept so much of it as I require to live upon — remains in the concern until my time comes for quitting this world, then, of course, Eleanor will inherit what 1 shall leave behind me. But, God be thanked, I am well and hearty, and may reasonably look forward to ten or fifteen years longer of useful life. My advice therefore to you, is go on working as you have done hither to, and, in three years say, you can broach the subject again, aud if Elly should be still in the same mind regarding yourself, why we may perhaps see if matters cannot be arranged. In the meantime, there will be — at all events on my part — no difference in our friendship ; there's my hand upon it.' ' You may guess I did not feel extravagantly jubilant over the arrangement. Three years seemed an awful long time to wait But I had the fullest faith in Eleanor's constancy. How ever, I will get oa to the finish; I don't wish to bore you with too many personal details. ' About eight months bad gone by, wben one di.y ia the middle of December, Mr. Turnover hastily entered my unpretentious office. The old gentleman appeared greatly agitated, and it was some moments after being seated that he was able to speak. ' 1 anxiously inquired if be were ill, or was anything wrong at home ? ' ' No— no one ill,' he said, slowly. ' Tbe bank has beeu robbed.' ' ' Bobbed !' 1 exclaimed. ' Phew ! Hare the thieves been caught ?' ' ' You don't understand. The robbery is from inside. Tbe chief cashier.' ' 'What ! Biadley r' I cried, in tbe greatest astonishment. 'The peccant cashier was a Sunday school tea er, regular chapel- goer, and I don't know what besides. ' ' Ay ! The smooth-tongued hypocrite,' said Mr. Turnover, with considerable emphasis * Aud he's got a good tweuty- four hours' start He wan away on short leave.' ' ' What is the amount ?' I asked. ' ' A very considerable sum in convertible securities unfortunately. Anything like the exact amount, however, is not yet known. That is uainly wby I have come to you.' ' ' To me V ' ' Yea. 1 want yon ta come to the baiik and go through the books— his book's, you knon — as eipeditiously as possible. We wish to kei p the affair secret— that is, as long as possible. Will you come ?' ' And Mr. Turnover regarded me anxiously ' Then thinking, pirhaps, I seemed to hesi tate, he added, significantly, * It may be worth yiur while.' ''Ism at your service, Mr. Turnover,' I in slmtly replied. 'When do you wish me to be gin ?' ' ' To-night. Are you willing to work lato ? I mean, in fact,all night if neoessary i Will you do me tbia favour ?' ' ' You mar command me in anv wav vou like, Mr. Turnover,' I said. Truth to tell, an idea flasl.ed across my mind that I might decide to ask a favour of bim in return after thi present annoying business was over and dom with. ' My future father in-law rose from his si at, sayings — i aw verjr pic«cu jifu unvu consented CO help me ao readily, because we can rely upon your discretion and absolute silence.' I bowed. ' ? Then meet me in Duke-street, by the Cosmopolitan Hotel, at six sharp, and we will ko to the bank together.' ' I was at the place appointed just as the first stroke af tbe hour rang out on tbe clt ar frosty air, and was almost immediately joiqed by Mr. Turnover. ' As soon bb we were seated in the bank par lour Mr. ^Turnover handed me a letter.remarking that the'missing Bradley had caused it to be de'ivered in a somewhat mysterious manner. ' When I read the note Mr. Turnover askrd my cpinion of it. I said : 11 'The fellow is cool certainly ,but I infer from what he writ- s— if it is the truth, of course that there has been no aystematicembezzlemeot UIUK IlltOWU ivl duuid ,iu,«* , vunv, tu i-m;i, UO committed the theft in a sudden fit of tempta tion. I see he mentions sixty-tight thousand.' ?' ' Yes, that is quite enough without tha probability of more having to be added to it. I truit your eurmiBe will turn out correct. Let us get to work without delay.' ' We worked unremittingly till ten, failing to discover any defalcations beyond those al ready known. This wor so far satisfactory that Mr. Turnover confessed iie felt much relieved and suggested an adjournment to a neighbour ing first-class hotel— his club being too far away— to recruit exhausted nature. ?? We were let out by the bsnk caretaker through a small side door, and told him to re main up till we returned. ' Having done justice to au excellent little cold soack, washed down by a bottle of vi ly excellent poit, I told my companion there was no need whatever for him to go back to the bank with me, as I could do well enough with out him -at all events for the remainder of that night. He assented, telling me not to stay very late. ' When I got to tbe bank, I set to my task with renewed vigour, still failing le discover extended evidence of Kuilt in the absconding cashier's book. By this time, although the night was cold outside, tbe room I was working in began, by reason of the many gas jets burn ing, to grow uncomfortably warm. 1 began to feel drowsy, and at a quarter-past twelve by the small clock on the mantelpiece, 1 drjpped into an inviting easy chair, and felt extremely like dropping as well into a prolonged doze, but as I had no intention that wny, I struggli d against the inclination by raising my heavy eye lids at frequent intervals. ' I heard a neighbouring church clock boom ferth the midnight hour, and, opening my eyes, w»s just on tbe point of rising from my com fortable position with the intention of resuming work for another half hour, when I saw some thing that deterred me ; kept me, in fact, spell bound -in my seat. There.right before me a few yards away, appeared the spectral form of Westcott Bradley, the defaulting cashier. ' There was a sod— I might almost describe it as a chastened look on tbe ghastly facts as though the spirit was experiencing profound contrition for some misdeed the body bad com mitted during lite. ' I once more closed my eyes, thinking that when I -looked again the thing would have van ished. But no ! There was the ahadowy figure commencing to retreat slowly backwards, its transparent arm raised, the fleshless hand with its bony lingers beckoning me to follow. It re minded me of Hamlet and the ghost on tbe Cftstlf. ramparts, only I assure you I fel*-. precious little like the impetnuus Prince ; I required no holding back. I tried to speak; but the words 1 framed with my dry lips were; inaudible even to myself. As soon as the Jhad-i reached the open door leading into tbe main? room, I anise mechanically as though impellent by some unseen power, and went with bated breath after tbe still slowly retreating apparit tion. It continued to wave ite ghostly hand until the massive iron door which led to tbel vault below, where the bullion and securitie* were kept in huge t-afes.or ratber strong roomy, was reached. I quite expected to see tbe fi^ura melt away in tbe orthodox manner. But at trifling obstruction of this kind was na barrierf ta the melancholy spirit of the peccant cosbierl With an intense lingering last look of anguiala aDd a final wave of the arm more. emphatic than previously, it (imply, us it seemed to my be wildered gaze, backed through tbe solid iron * work. I ean assure you I felt considerably re lieved on being rid of tbe apparition. Furthen work was, of course, out of tbe question, so £ summoned tbe caretaker to let me out, impart-* ia; nothing whatever to him regarding the} strange experience 1 had just gone through. ' Next morning I called upon Mr. Turnover before he left borne, and recounted to bim whsta had taken place in his bank the night before-* [ was not in the least surprised at my story be* ing received with a smile of incredulity. ' ? My dear Forder,' said the worthy, but un« believing banker, * you, of course, fell asleep h\ tbe ehair aud dreamed all this.' ' ' Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Mr\ Turnover,' I answered, warmly. ' Still, the old gentleman remained nncon- yinced. ' 'Remember,' he went on banren'ngly, ' yov| had partaken of supper and wine— generous; old port ? ' ' However, to bring my story within reason- - able bounds, I will just say that by the time w-- u«d-rrirad at the bank f had almost convinced Mr. Turnover that I had seen tbe ghost of Lisf delinquent servant ; aud he agreed, at my re~ quest, tbat we should visit the v*ult togethtrt, ? though surely,' observed he, ' you don't expectt to encounter your sod-faced Spook again, sc* early in the day ? ' ' Wben we had got down below and turned up the gas, Mr. Turnover proceeded to opens two large upright sales standing against tha wall. ' ' Everything seems as usual,' be remarked*,.' after surviying the interiors ' Your spirift evidently had ua particular tale to unfold, even, if you had been Bble to accompany bim hen*. fast night.' ' ' Why did it beckon to me so earnestly in this direction ? ' I remarktd. 'By tbe way,' I added quickly, as my cceptical companion went about securing; the safes again,' what of the big one over there to the left ; an n't you going to open that ?' ' ? Ob,' be answered carelessly, ? tbat is am old one not iu use ; has not bet n opened, V should say, for several yaara. It is empty.' ' 'I suppose there is no objection to me hav ing a peep iaside ?' ' ? Not the slightest. There is tbe buy on the wall there !' ' ' I handed it to him, and he at once inserted it in the lock, while I stoerl by ready to pull the massive door aside. ' 'Dear me,' remarked Mr, 'I uroover, in sur prise, as ihe wards worked quite easily, ' I certainly expected some difficulty.' 'I pulled at Ihe heavy door, which swung quite smoothly, just ai if it hod been opened daily with the otben. ' Tbe next moment an exclamation of horrified surprise fell from the bankers lips, as he started back several paces from before the front of the safe. ' I instantly sprang forward from bebind the ' pondeioui door, and followed the direction of my father-in-law's dilated eyes. ?? Well might the old gentleman be strongly affected I ' . ' There, on the circumscribed space of the floor of tbe safe, lay the huddled figure of a man. His. face was distorted aud Wrjble to look upon ! The staring eyeballs and protiud- \ mg tongue showed how he had met a horrible death by suffocation, ' ' Bradley !' ' I exclaimed, as soon as I could find breath enough. '?Yes, it is Westcott Bradley,' said Mr. Turnover, in a loirly. husky wkitper. ' There was no doubt about it. The sicken ing spectasle upon whioh be gated constituted the mortal remains of the man who bad be trayed the trust reposed in him by bis employ- ' era. When the body came to be removed to a place to awiit tbe Coroner's inquiry, several strong bulky leather pocket- books containing the proceeds intact of the cashier's appropria tions were discovered. So the bank really lost nothing, and I gained a loving wife a good deal sooner than 1 should otherwise have done. Mr. Turnover was kind enough to say thit,as I had been the means of recovering the bank's missing securities, I ought to have my reward. I got it, and have never regretted for a single moment taking it. Nothing much was rliciti d *b uuc tuifucDv eivcjjb uuo jiiiurmaiioD cnai cne lock of tke dis-used strong room worked spring wise, and it was conjectured that Brad ley, who had evidently been using the safe for his own purposes, had opened the door, then hung up the key in its a-!CUBtomed place, gone inside, and in a moment of forgetfulnew let the door come on the spring, and so made tie receptacle far concealing his plunder his living omb.' 