LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. As indicating tho growing fooling on tho question of Federation, wo mny state that Mr. IV. H. Grooin, M-.L.A., has received no less than twelve invitations to attend meet- ings and deliver addresses on Federation. Four of these havo come from farmers in tho Fassiforn electorate. It is moro than pro bable that Mr. Groom will speak nt a great meeting of farmers, to . bo held at Rosewood on Thursday next, if his othor engagements will permit. Messrs. Groou and Fooaiitt waited upon the Deputy Commissioner, Mr. Thnlion, on Tuesday morning on the following matters - Messw. O'Mara, junr., and Mahon havo taken n contract from tho Railway. Depart- men, to provide 13,000 yards of broken metal; They havo also purchased a stouo crushing machine aud plant for erection nt Gowrie Junction, which will give employment to n largo number of hands. Tho machine and plant weighs about 30- . tons, and tho deputation . asked for a concession" ;.on- the freight of the machine and plant .from Bandnraba to Gowrio Junction, as U was really establishing, a new industry and providing a groat deal of employment. ' Mr. Tballon promised to allow a rebate of. 15 per cent. The next mattor was in conneotion, with tho Royal Agricultural Society's annual show, to be held in August next; ..The depu tation, at the request of the Secretary (Mr. F4 Burtl), asked (1) that cheap excursion tickets be issued from all stations west of tho Main Range on the 29th July available lor passon- | gets proceeding to the Brisbane show, and ! with liberty to break tbo down journey at Toowoomba and attend the Toowoomba show on the 2nd August ; (2) that sheep from Wurvviok and adjoining stations bo despatched early on Monday morniug, 31st July, so as to arrive in the afternoon in Toowoomba, and thus enable the owners to plnce their sheep in tho yards in timo for Tuesday's (1st Aag- ust) judging; (3) that oheap apodal excursion trains bo run from Dalby and Warwick on tho day of tho show ; (4) that the Pittsworth and Crow's Nest trains bo dctnined until 5 or 6 p.m. on the day of tho show. Mr. Thallon said that ho was afraid thoro would bo a diffi culty iii issuing tickets for the Brisbane show Available also for tho Toowoomba show. Mr. Groom suggested as an alternative proposal,' "That cheap excursion tickets tho same as for tho Brisbane show be issued from all sta tions -west of tho Main Range for the Too woomba show." . Mr." Thallon said that might possibly be done, bub ho could not then givo a definite answer. Ho would consider tho matter, and forward a. written -reply. Tho deputation thanked Mr. Thallon for his cour teous attention, and withdrew. Just landed direct from Scotland. Eider down Quilts, largo, good; olioap. Black and silver naif-tester bedsteads from £2 8s. Cheapest house for beddiug. Roscnstengol <5i Kleimoycr. . . 1409 Tiienn passed away at the Asylum for the Insane, Toowoomba, a day or two ago, an old- identily In tbo person of John WilHamBennett. , His death deserves moro . than a passing notice. In the early sixties ho was oho of the j largest storekeepers in Toowoomba, and fro- I quontly as many as half a dozen bullook and i horse teams nt a time -were nt his store un- ! loading. Ho paid away thousands of pounds ; for carriage. His principal store formed part ; of tho premises now occupied by Mr; Archibald ; Anderson, an South Ruthven-strcot, but as tho j town progressed and the railway station was j fixed upon, he built a brlck.store nearer tho I centre of business in Ruthven-street and which is now owned by Mr. E. Wilcox and , ocoupled by Messrs. Partridge and Co. He i did an extensivo town and country business j and employed a largo number of hands. Tho commercial crisis of 1866 wns ono of disastor- i to hira. There was much credit given in the | early days, credit that could not be avoided, and " I.O.U's.," and " calabashes," formed a considerable feature of the ciroulntingmedium. When tho crash came and the Bunk of Queens land- closed Its doors, thousands suffered and hundreds wero ruined, poor Bennett among the number. He called a meeting of his ' creditors in Brisbane and assigned his estate to three trustees, only one of whom is now living. Many of his properties wero sacrificed at the sale, tho terms being cosh. . His brick stora in Ruthven-street, which cost him £700 to build, and throo quarters of an aero of land with 66 feet frontago £o Ruthven- street, wero sold to tho Info Hon. F. T. Gregory for £250 cash. Another property, half an acre in Boll | nnd Noil-streets, sold for £3, and subsequently realised £100. Allhisproporticaweroeimilarly I sacrificed, and tho stock in tho stores was sold by auction at ruinous prices. Ruined in bast- I' ness and brokon in health ho was unable to face tho world again with any prospect of success. For many years ho had eked out an existence . as a street bawker, and fow of tho present generation as they havo seen him lu the street, Fending under the weight of a bag of potatoes ; or a bag of onions, hnwkcd about for Bale from door to 'door, little thought ' that in the ' early i sixties tho same man could have.drawn his I cheque for £500 or £1000,' and the money wa9 1 in the bank to meet such, and that his ' " I.O.U.'s " and, calabashes wero as good as gold. That such d man should suitor tem porary loss of. bis reason when tho past was recalled occasioned no surprise to those who know biin. Tho wonder waff that ho boro so lpng hisraisfortuncs and rcvorses uncotp plainlngly, and did not become a burden to others. A merciful Providence shortened his sufferings at the end, and within a fortnight of his being declared unable to take caroof him self death, released him. Ho has gono to his grave, " unwept, unhonored and unsung," but tho descendants of a past generation havo reaped largely of poor Bonnctt's enterprise and business capacity. .What ,raonoy. ho made' in business ho spent iu building up the town nnd at a tlmo when men of onergy and grit were most needed. When in business ho gave liberally to all charltios and chtirclioa.-and onooftho first names on asubscription list was that of J. W. Bennett. Peace to his ashes I St. Stephen's Presdyteiuan Church.— Tho Rov. J; Lundio will preach both morning and- ovoning in St. Stephen's Church to-morrow (Sunday.) Communion at close of tho morn- log service. :.20. As it. lias been decreed by Pariiamcut to take a Referendum poll -on the Convention Bill, tho date of which has boon fixed for Soptombcr 2, It is tho direct and first duty of every Queenelander to. give a vote oh tho acoeptanoo or otherwiso of that moasuro. Tho Roferendmh Bill provides. fir _ tbo hold ing of special registration courts throughout Queensland on the first Tuesday in July. Names lodged up to tho last moment will bo registered on or beforo Tuesday, July 4, nnd those will bo finaliy revised at tho next regis tration court, to bo held in August. A notlco appoars in our business columns this morn ing in ' connection with the local epeolnl registration 'courts on July "4. . Claims may bo filled in at this ofilco; whore the rolls may bo inspected. Methodist Cnancn.— At tho Nftil-Blreet Ohurch tho preaoher to- morrow morning and' evening will be the Rev. T. Warhnih. At Raff-street Mr. Rowbotliam will preach at 11 a.m. and Mr. G. Cox at 7 p.m. , 30 Since our last Issuo the. showery weather bos continued, - light showers falling at inter vals on Thursday and.'yestorday.\\. Last cvdn-. trig the volume of rain was much'hcayier, but as we go to Press there arc signs of cloaring up. Our Adelaide correspondent wires, mhder Thursday's dato Magnificent . rains . have fallen over tho northern agricultural areas, varying from three-quarter of an inch to 2in. Tho. fall -has been heaviest In some of the' fanning distriots whioh have had the hardest time during' the past two or three years. It 'is considered that the harvest prospects 'are -now exceptionally good. Tun Engilsh Footballers will bo beaton by Toowoomba next Wednesday. Corao and see the victory, v .."31. The nianyfriends of Mr.'Ernest Bullook in this town and district will porusowith interest tbo following tolegram in Thursday's " Courlor " from its Maryborough coires- pohdont " Mr. E. W. Bullock, . teaohor in the 'Albert" State ' School, has received notice cf his removal to Croydon, and the removal Is giving dissatisfaction'here." . . Read the advertisement in to-day's " Chroniclo." referring to the Football Match on Wednesday next. ; - 1632 On Wednesday moroing last a serious acci dent occurred 'at Pilton (writes our Allora correspondent). A son of Mr. MoKinstry, 18 years of age, was ont riding on tho farm watering stock. Tho pony was newly broken-m, and in sorao "unaccountable way tho boy was badly thrown. Ho wns found by some children in an unconscious state, -and taken to bis home. -Dr. Pain was immediately sent for, and upon his arrival ho discovered. \- that the young fellow had received a concus sion of the brain. After he bad attcnded.to bim tho doctor left for Allora, leaving in- straotions that . If itm boy .did not regain consciousness ho was to bo brought into town . in ordor that he may be better attended to. As hqwas.no bettor in the morniug his father and mother drove him Into town. Up to tho time of writing (I .p.m;. Friday) ho has not yet become thoroughly conscious, but Dr.' Pain Informed me that there is a. little im provement, and tlrat ho has every hope of the lad's recovery." , . Roll up and attend tho Football Match on Wednesday next. 1G33 . The fortnightly mooting of tho Beaconsfiold Lodge No. 15 P.A.F.S.O.A., was held in the Oddfellow's Hall on Wednesday. Consider ing tho wet weather, thoto was a fair attend ance. .It. being the half-yearly meeting, officers wore eleoted for tho onsulng half-year. Bro. C. Waro was appbintcd W.M., and Bro. It. W. Winter ro-eleoted , D.M. Bro. J. Cameron was nominated for tho position of Distriot Deputy Master. Two mombcrs were initiated, and ono applied for admission by clearance. Sick pay was, passed to two brothers, ono of wbloh has-been ill for 22 weeks, and tbe otlier has been drawing siok pay continuously for over 3 years. Cases like these prove tho advnhtago of belonging to a Friendly Sooiety. . Receipts of the ovening, £24 13s. Stop that cough by.taking Pectoral Balsom Is. 6d. and' 2s. Cd. W. B. Hodgson (late Maobay), chemist. CO On Thursday evening -the members of Court Saxon A.OJ?. hold their third anniver sary social and danco in tbo Assembly Rooms. Despite the unfavourable weather, whioh prevented many from attending, the gather ing proved a complete success, over 150 per sons bolng prosont. Dancing was c.ora- nioncod at' 8.30, diid was kept up with vigor until tbe early hours of Friday morning. Bro. A. Holmes, S.C.R., assisted py Bro. J. Miebusoh, officiated as M.C., and proved the right man in the right jflaco. Excellent masio was supplicdby Messrs. Widcnrann (piano), Thorn (comet), nnd Clarke (violin) The catering wns in the hands of Messrs. T. K. Lamb and Co., and its character was such as to evoke unanimous commendation from tho largo assemblage,, while the attendnnco left nothing to bo desired. The committee, under the tbo presidonoy of tho O.R.. Bro. T. Anderson, loft nothing undone to pro- moto the harmony of the gathering. -Tho ladies' costumes,, which were all very attractive, included tho following':— Miss Bell, a charming coatumo of scarlet sutln, trimmed with green silk, skirt trimmed with green band bearing words "Success to tho Foresters"; Mrs. H. C. Pointer, -black silk trimmed with black and white oblffon ; Mrs. C. Wilson, white, with plnk trimmings- Mrs. B- French, black evoning dress ; Mrs. T. Anderson, black lustre trimmed with lavender silk; Miss Connors, red blouse and black skirt ; Miss 'Kelly, white muslin ; Miss Bessie Marshall, white silk bodico, black skirt ; Miss Jenkins, white, bluo trimmtnga ; Miss Clara. Jenkins, pale blue,. yellow trimmings; Miss' Goodsell, pink blouse, black skirt; Miss Burton, pink silk blouse, blaok skirt; Miss Mogg, pink satin; Miss Malptiss, pale blue white laco trimmings ; Miss Gray, red bodico and black skirt ; Miss Brown, whlto'blonse, black skirt; Miss E. Hawthorn, sbot bistre bodice, trimmed laco and ohiffon and black skirt; Miss Marshall, navy bluo, trimmed whito fur; Miss Carter, palo blue liberty silk trimmed white ohiffon' and silvored glrap; Miss Horn, white muslin ; Miss E. Qoalnlon, whito with black trimmings. Other cos tumes are too numerous to mention. A new money-lending . measure by the State has just come into force in Denmark. Not less than fifty' members, owning nt least 600 cnttlo, form themselves- into a society under Govornmunt regulations. Members pay on joining nbcut Is l)d per head of cattlo owned to tbe reserve fund. Tho borrowing capacity of members is not to oxeeed 5Qs per head of cattle, nnd to bo based oa tho normal number which farms can support ; tbo sum is not to exceed 56s per head, or. £167 in all-. The money is loaned on a simple bond, and is to bo. repaid in nine .months. Interest not to exceed 4) per cent. ; profits go to reserve; losses are mado up by members according to their, borrowing capaoity op to 6$, per head o(r cattle, any further deficiency to come out co, reserve, - V . - J . The Qucon of the South Lodgo, G.U.O.O.F., advertise a social and dance in tho Assembly . Rooms' next Wednesday Wshavo bccn'asked io draw attention to tho faot thatMcssrs. McPhlo and Co., -havo altered the dato of the big clearing out stile At .Beauaraba to.Tiicsday next. . The Lands Department advcrtlto. como ' lands ln"tho parisbciief Mlltoo, Crow's Nest, ; ' and Motley, vhich.willboopon to agricultural- land selection at tho Toowoomba Lands Ofllco onJqly4. . In connoaiion. with tho Toowoomba v. . . England Football Match on tho 28th Inst, excursion tickets will bo issued - by tho Rail- . way Department from ' sovoral directions, particulars of which will bo scon in our bust- - ness columns. G. Lancaster <fc Co. announco that they , have opened a grooory nnd produco store iff . ' --- Ruihvbn-strcct, next E. Smart's plumbers shop, furthor particulars of which will bo found in tho adverUsament. ,Tue creameries and plant of tho Central - j Downs Dairy Company, Ltd., whioh is being - wound up by' inatual oonsont, is advertised; . for sale by tenders in. another column. This includes tho plant nt tour stations, and th'o :; land.at each plnoo is also to bo sold. -Ten-, dors closo on July 3. n v . Reductions in Stock, Boductions in Pncc, But a saving in tnonoy by purchasing your . , Boots.and Shoes at Field's Cash Balo. 1473- - Tire many Irionds of Mr. and Mrs.'. F. . Widcmann, of West-street, will regret tolcarn. " > of tho death of their fourth son, August, .wbb died at the Toowoontim Hospital on Saturday- ' .last, at tho early ago of 20 years. -Deceased was most popular among' his numerous frionds, dndalarge concourse- of people- at- tonded the funeral, which took place on Sun- . day last.' . We draw special attention to Messrs, Sobolefield and & Co.'s advertisement appear- . - log in onr auction 'columns this inomlng,.ra - roforence to the salo of Wostbrook imported Dairy cattle and pigB— owing to tho ploughing -'; match taklngplaco on Wednesday, July' 5th, the Auctioneers havo altored the day- of tho sale to Thursday, July 6th, tho day following. - Intending purchasers kindly note this. . . Laxative SvnJP cures indigestion, constipa tion, bilioasnoss, sick hcodacho, etc. Prioo, 2s. 6d. from W. R. Hodgson only (into Maokay, chemist . ' 69 On Monday lasf Mr. G. R, Allen, sixth son of Mr. Samuel Allen, of Townsvillo,' and brother of Mrs. A. H.'Bcdwood, died at Strath- more, Toowoomba, . at tbo early , ago of 20.- ycars.: Deceased among a wido oirolo of . . - friends was very, popular, and was a member of'tho firm of S. Allen nnd Sons. : He was buried at the loeal cemetery on Tuesday last a number of friends to tho deceased and family attending tho funeral. " Lapies why ; loso smell parcels whon you ' can buy suoh pretty bnskets from Allan d: Stark's from 1b. up ? . Ovor 300 to cbooso from. ... . 1365. - A four years old son of Mr. W. P. O'Dwyer, - - of Berrigan, Now South Wales, succumbed'' on Wednesday night to injuries received on Saturday last. Tho liltlo chap was standing in front of tbo firo-plaoo with a flnnnelctto nightgown on when it caught fire. Tho child went to rush away, but tho. gown caught m tho tap of a hot-water fountain, and/ before assistance could bo given very severe iojuncs wero received, from tho offcots of which nnd shook, to tho system the boy succumbed, as ' stated. . Tire regular meeting of tho W.O.T. Union was held in tho Methodist Schoolroom, Noil- stroct, on Thursday aftoFnoon. Tho Presi---" .- ' dent opened the meeting in tho usual man- -; ner, after which tho minutes of tho previous < meeting were confirmed, and- all correspon dence dealt' with. A oiroular from tho Colo - nial Superintendent of Sabbath Observance, asking the Unlons.tp observo a week in July, from tho. 17th to 28rd, as a week of special prayer, thought, and effort for tho observance of tho Sabbath, received tho attention of tho ' meeting; and it .was resolved that this Union .' comply with tho request, and- also, by distri- bating literature, Ac., endeavor to help that Important department. A letter from tho . " Peace and Arbitration " department was discussed, bat it was not thought possible to tako up that work at present in addition to other branohes. Sovoral lesser mattors -of . - interest wore talked over, and tho meeting closed with the Benediction. The Grand United Order . Oddfellows (Queen of tbe South Branch) held their half- yearly - moctiog in iths Oddfellows' Hall on Monday evoning, tho N.G., Bro. A. J, Dibley, presiding, and a largo number' of brethren-.' : wore present. Report of Visiting Committee wero received, and 6lck allowances voted two brothers. The election of ..officers ensuing six months resulted :-rN»G., Bro. .T, Walker ; - V.G., Bro. G. Kemp ; E.S., Bro. A. Dent ; N.F., Bro. A.J. Diblcy; Financial Secretary,- . Bro. T. B. Roberts (re elected). ; Warden, , Bro. L. . A. Tcssmann. Bro. N. F. Quinu conducted the instalation coremony, assisted by Bro. W, Andrews, after which tho.offioers eleoted returned thanks. Harmony followed, ' songs being rendered in fino. stylo by Bros. . Jefferson, Andrews,' Sudrrra, Cochrane, 'also recitation by Bro. Dibloy. Business being rc- '< sumed, tho Deputy GrandMastor.Bro.Roberts, . .. informed the brethren that the proposod amendment of rales, with two minor excep tions, had been agreed to by . tho various - branches of the Ordot in Queensland, and at . a Committee of Management meeting, hold In - Brisbane last week; said alterations, wero formally, adopted, and necessary instructions .for. registration 'of .same agreed N.G.. Bro. Walkor considered th'o Branoh should bo - well satisfied with tho report, especially as tho amendment suggested by the Quoen of tho South had been accepted. Treasurer re ported receipt of contributions £30 0s. 7d., and tho lodgo was duly closed by tbe N.G. -- The' twenty-fourth Annual Exhibition of of the National Agricultural and -Industrial u 'Association of Queensland, will bo- opened -at' Bowen Park, Brisbane, on Wednesday, tbo 9th of August next, and will terminate on. Friday he 11th. Tho judging will tako place on the day preceding the opening of tbo Show. These annual gatherings aro only second In - imjx)rtanco to tbo Sydnoy ' and. .Melbourne . ; 8hows, as regards, effootivoncss of display, - general usefulness, and public appreciation and, taking toe proportions of population into . ; account are better attended than either of tho abovo Shows. .Thoyriro solid National ox positions of everything appertaining to agricul- cultural nnd pastoral products, and machinery and Implements employed in the cultivation' of tho soil, ithd they are tbo centre of attrno- . for Queensland; and other Australian brooders - of .horses, cattle, ohcep, pigs, poultry, dogs, birds, etc. Preparations for the approaching Exhibition havo been in operation for somo "' : time past, and it is confidently expected by the officials that it will be a good ono. Dur ing recent years about 60,000 persons have attended each Exhibition, and it must there- . foro be apparent to manufnoturers that thero is not a botter or cheaper mea-is in Queens land of introducing their wares to the public notico than by entering their exhibits far this show. Within the last fortnight several thou sand copies of tho schedule of prizos ' (whioh amount to £1000) have been forwarded to possible exhibitors throughout Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria. Several In quiries have been mado in reference to exhibits of stock from tbo Darling Downs, and in reply ' thereto it may be stated that no bbjection will bo offered by the Department of Stock to sheep and horses being sent from that distriot to Brisbane, and returning thence. Cattlo can likewise bo forwarded from tho Darling Downs to Brisbane, but will not be allowed to return after tbe show, and must thorefore bo disposed of in the capital. . This precautionary measure ' 1b, of course, in accordance with the tick re- . ' . gulation. Intending oxbibilors are reminded 'I that entries close oh Saturday, Jnly 15, but Jfj they are particularly requested to, forward $J, thorn to the Becretary earlier than that date, ' ' '' wherever possible; hi ordir to facilitate tho preparation of the catalogue. Late entries tfoiLwhiahoxtr/ tee s will bo. charged) will be T' -VW Nteo "Courier" Building, 5 Nq. up to the 28rd of Mbetincir nro to bo held by tho Toowoomba Federation Longuo at Lamb's Rooms to-night nnd at Oakoy on Monday evonlng. Tho speakers will bo Messrs. G. J. AlipasB and J. Tolrate. V. . Oen bbariovflle correspondent, tolegraphing un 3 er Thursday 's date, soys :— News from tho Birdsvlllo direction states that the country, is . looking, fairly, well, npd tho grass is growing \- in most . placos,. "From Charievllie io Gunna- inullft, liowovet, tbo country Is In a deplorable ' state. On ono! station near Cunnaihulla 20,000 Isbeep, off shears, died in- ono night during tholatorain, through oxposuro.- Iris- announced that -tho engagement of Mr. John Hcskoth, Government Electrical Engineer,, having expired last , month, that \- gontlomnn has bbon "re-engaged for n further term of thrco years'at a salary of £700 per annum. The appointment, however, will not carry with. lt the right of private practice which Mr.' Hcskoth has enjoyed hitherto. Up to tho 2ist May, from which the now appoint. mont dates, ; Mr. Hcsketh's salary.was £600 . per annum. \- : On Tuesday night next the opera of "Lcs Clocliesdo Comovillo" will again be produced -hy our local .rimnleurs ns a benefit perform ance to'Herr Scbiiebncr.' Tho many who had the opirortuuity of seeing the two previous ' performances nro unanimous' in their praise of tho excellent singing and noting, nnd tho : superior, musib rendered by the. orchestra. Tho reserved Beats are filling up fast at Messrs. '"Harston nud Cb.'s.'bo thoBO requiring good . jwslUqns; for Tuesday .nlghT should ' make vflrly application. . - An excellent souvenir bt tbo recent pro? duction of tho opera " Les Oloches do Corhc- ' vlllo " - by. Toowoomba- ftmatenrs- under tho. auspices of. the.' Colleen -Bawn Dramatlo Co. is to hand in tbo 'shape ot a magnificent flash i light photograph, taken by ono ot tho artists at the BAln Studio. Tbo photograph is ad- lnirablo in - Its detail, and is. tho best of tbo -sort that Wo have seen. . An enlarged copy ot -it, measuring 2ft. 6in. x '2ft., will bo ou vlow nt tho Bain Studio to-day. ;. Mas. ANNA-BivERa an Amerioan lady has begun an notion for divorce from her husband. Sho claims that tho ghost of Her husband's first wife Invests tho house and makes her ' : 'miserable. It appears at nights, nod frightens hor so bIxo is unable to sleep. It comes near to her, nnd indulgosjn paroxysms of woepipg; / and -occaBlonnlly. it smashes the urnltuio Mrs. River's" assertions, were at first- laughed at, bnt shcrpcrsisted in thorn,' and uponboing medically .examined was declared to bo sane. . ' Hindoos, says tho Isis correspondent of .the WidoBay ".Nowb,'.' are vory plentiful, just .now, and aro working .in somo places for -'their tucker almost, and hot iiioker wages for whito mon. They are chipping In aorno places for 6s. and 4s. per aero. . But then, ' thoy can livo on Od. a day. All thoy want . Is ! 'flour, and thoy are. fed and oiothed.. Whoa tho flour bag is empty tbey convert thb'baR. into trousers and shirt, and -thoy hayo-nenriy ; all takon up seleotions, 'so they have oome like tbo tioks. to stop. ! . ; . ; : It will bo. seen by our busineBs 'columns. that on. Thutsday, Ju4y 6th, Mr.' J. F. Jennings is holdiog an importantcloarlhg-out. . sale of one hundred and- slxty. bead of.itn- ' ported dairy, cattle, owing .to tKe:Wcstbrook, Homo Station being sold. These are a first- class lot of dairy cattle, all imported from the ;'lliawarra dlstriot, a- place faraoris for .dairy -cattle. Thoso of our farmers .who, are do-. . Blrous of Improving thoir herds cannot .do \- bettor than attend this sale... The catalogues are -In courso of preparation,, and -will bo' Issued shortly. Those , requiring catalogues eon be supplied by their auctioneers; Messrs. Scholcficld and Co. . Tur- Bov.' Jj. B, Lauronce, M.A., who has jast arrived from England, has been appointed assistant; curato at- St. Luke's. Church. Tbo ' Rev: Mr Lanrcnce woa educated at Bradford . Grammar- SohooVjind., Glare College, Cam: " bridgoL He him also spent a year at Cpydiff . Hall, Oxford! For. tho last three yoars -ho has held. anini port ont-curacy.ijndor tboJloY. Ganon Owon," St! Georgo's, Edgba3ton, Bir- minirhfim! Mr. .Lauren'co takes a ' cencral MntereBt. in: athletics, and rati for the Gam. \- bridge University Harriers! ' Ho camp out at tho invitation of the Vicar of 8t. Luke's, and is likely to provo himself. an ablo colleague. 'A claim .mado by Messrs." O'Rourko and ' SI'Sharrybgalnst thaQucensland Government In respect of the conBtruotion of tho Brisbano Volley and! tho Bundaberg-Mouht' Pcirry rail- " ways which has beoa" pending for some years, has just been 'settled. Tbo -claim was. for £100,000, ahd tho, . Railway Department, having fully considered tho matter, admitted liability amounting to £8000.: The Commis sioner undertakes to pay, and'tho Q.N. Bank on behalf of the contractors undcrtoko to,ao- . ccpt! in full settlement of their claim! tbo sum < of £1000. - It is understood that this amount will be paid by Queensland National- Bank -deposits, ..which have currency "for twenty \- years.- - .- N ' .f As illustrating the progress of settlement on tho Darling Downs we direct special attention to tho advertisement of Messrs. Scholcficld and Co., Toowoomba, in bur Commercial r columns this rooraing. giving particulars of rr their sales during the past twelve months. ' These sales covor an area ot 54,473 acres, re- presenting £107,613. Spcaklog generally we : may mention that during tho past fortnight no less than pO.OOO acres of land on the Downs has been sold by various' agents to Now Zca- -land and Victorian purchasers, tho aggregate' ' purchase" money representing £92,500. Tho \- areas acquired are on the following estates : WeBiiiibbk, -'-9000- acres, -£30,000 ;- -St.. Helens, ' 16,000 acres; £40,000 Avondalo 2300 acres, £5000 ; Mount Irving, 1100 acres , ' £85001 Fnirviow, 1700acres, £4000. ' Tun Football match England v. Toowoom- ; ba, to be played hero next Wednesday, Is at- tractiog considornOlo interest, and- as the day \- Avitl bo'a'niiblio holiday In tho electorates of Drayton nnd Toowoomba, Aublgny and Cam- booyn, and special arrangements' have' been r.mnde to -run excursion trains, there is cor- !.s .tain to bo a very largo attendance. Tho Too woomba Athletic Association is doing every- thing'wlthln its power 'to make tho niiair a T" success,, and nn important notification con- ' cerning tho arrangemenls of. the match ap! .! peare in our business columns this morning. . Wemay mdntion"th«t tenders willborccoived -by tliohon. sec. "Athletic Association, Com- mercial Bank, until 12 o'clock noon on Monday ' next, for'puhlican's booth and fruit booth. : Ouu' Gcliam' correspondent, 'writing on \- ' Thursday's date, says :— We are having nico rain here just now. The- farmers are busy . getting in their cfops ; those that were lucky enough to havo their wheat in before the rain y 'otarted are jubilant, as theircrop3 are looking (r Bplendid.— OurDebating Soctety isstill forging " ahead, and is well up In members. Some — really good debates take place. Amongst tbem. were "Federation," "Electoral Re- form," and tho "Abolition of Wills." The Booiely meets ovcry Tuesday evening .in the Geharo State School, and cordially invites members from other debating classes to visit .- them. Mb. Daniels, tbo late member for Cam booya; who was defeated in the general eleo- \- tion, has made a request to the Homo Sccre- tary that ho should lib permitted to make . % searches free of charge at tbo Ileal Property nniro with n view to discovering if certain " voters on the Carabooya roll as freeboldere / really possess tho necessary qualifications. Mr. Daniels claims that his action being in " support ot the ends of justico the usual search fees Bhould not bo charged. A lotter has been sent to him from the Department of' Justico to ' the effect that no exception can bo mado in bis b' favor. The nam which Mr. Daniels has H already sent to the Homo Secretary as those H of persons not. possessing freehold qualifiea- H tipus number soventcon, and Mr. Daniels H' nus'that prosecutions should be instituted fife wiinst thom. It is understood that ho pro poses taking nctiou privately in the ovent of tho Crown law officers not instituting prose- g cations. In all probability tho. Homo Score- tary will refer tbo matter- to the Principal j|b: Electoral Registrar (Mr. J.; A. Boyce). A few weeks ago (says Tuesday's" " Lockyer Star ") a well-known pig buyer offered a Plain- . land fnrincr.£2 for a big grantor. , Tho offor was declined, and piggy forwarded toncertain bacon factory. Last Saturday at tho meeting tho farnior showed a notice he had received from the factory, informing bim that a cheque -for £4 bad been forwarded to him for' the pig, -this being for live weight at.2d. per lb. .. An extraordinary : mistake in surgery , was 'made by an oculist at one of tho hospitals in Montreal on the 28th of April. The oculist operated on a man named Thomas Btowartr whoso loft bye -it was necessary to remove. -Tho patient was othcrised, 'and the surgeon removed tho right eye, leaving Stbwnrt blind. When tho error was discovered the surgeon 'tried to commit suicido. '. v :1; To marry him is hor business. To many her is his business. To sell furniture :is our', business. Gall, inspect," coraparo. " Rosen? Stengel & Kleimoyer.j .. 1408 v. The Premier of Ncw'Zoalaud in'.a speech delivered at Wellington on Tuesday night, said that the Government had lent £1,099,145 under tho Advance to Settlors' Act and had not lost a penny! Ho believed that they had £2 security for oycry £1 lent, nnd In Maroh Inst thoy liad a credit balanco-of £12,821. During the Inst ten years the Savings Bank deposits had increased by 129 per cont., and tho capital value of tho land had Increased in ton years by £27,453,683. In connection with -the. approaching Dog and Poultry Show, wo learn that Mr. W. B. .Taylor,! who la always , ready to farther tho interests of all kinds ofsport, has offered the Society a prizo of one guinea for a homing contest on the day.of tbo show.. The con test will be.a By for nlj birds from Warwick to Toowoomba, with tho condition that -the first three birds arriving - home . Bhould bo exhibited at the show.: Nominations for this ovent must bo in Rio hands of . the Homo .Scoretnry on or before the 6th of July, entry fooboingouo shilling. - Phtka Field's great clearing'sale of Boots nnd Shocs commences' this day. - 1471 :The coming cane crop, is n very healthy looking one, and promises a good return, but not equal to tbat of last season, Bays a Oairns contemporary. It is proposed that the coming crop bo cut by gangs employed., by tho com pany, instead of individual shareholders not ing in competition -with each othor in the labor market. It will, of course, be an experi ment, but . the chances aro it will: prove so bencficinHbnt in subsequent soasons tho now idea will bo adhered to. - jOuvblaek labor mar- kot is a very queer affair. It 6bould either be .rcgulatea. on a very aineren; uasis io suit small ; farmers or bo dispensed with in "to- to." - At this moment there , aro many— per .baps, hundreds — of kanakas either In bush camps, or idling away timo in gambling dens in town waiting for -tho cane outting season and 5s.', to Cs. , a day. Did Parliament ovor contemplate that South. Sea niggers wore to tiiko up that position in Our labor market? At 'the shop, of Mr. Hcarno. pork butcher, S\vanBton-strcet,'on Saturday (ssys tho Mel bourne "Argus"), tho . carcass of a huge- pig was on vlow, the dressed weight being 7071b. —as heavy, as an ordinary live-weight bullock. Mr. Hoarno says tho pig was tho largest lie has ever seen, and ho has handled thousands during the many years ho has been in busi ness The animal, a pure-bred Tamworth, was bred by Mr. George Chirnslde, of Worri- bec-pnrk, Wcrribee, ' and sold at auction to. Mr. Hearno for £2 17a. Qd. nine months ago," Its weight then being about 0501b. Since it loft tb'o estate -it was fed on wheat and peas until a fow weeks ago, when the" topplng-up" commenced, the feed for this purpose being- pollard and peas. When killed and "-dressed ' it measured 8ft. in length, nnd when alive it stood 4ft. 4in. The hams weighed 921b. each, and the fat on them -was Sin. deep, that oh the back being 6ln. deep oh top of a similar depth of solid flesh. Tho 'sale valuooftho carcass is ostimatod to be about' £10. - .Tub Gash Sale at Field's ls.no empty talk. Ono visit will provo tho geouincucss of both prico and quality. 1472 \- Accordino to au American, paper, a truly remarkablo character', Samuel Yoder, tho has-.: band in his tlmo of flvo wives, to noncof whom. did ho ever speak, died recently ' at Indian apolis. Ho obstinately refused to speak to any ono of his brides after tho marringo ceremony. Ho.gavo'as bis reason that if ho did not speak to his wifo she would , not argue with him and this "was his plan of ensuring domestic peaco. Ono wifo became so exasper ated at his persistent reticence that , sho sued for a divorce, and was granted it, whereupon, tbo tie between thom being broken, he talked with her freely; Another of bis wives put up with him for 23 years. Daring tho wholo of that time ho never exchanged a word with her, but conversed with his previous wife and other Indies of his acquaintance. He left a considerable amount of- property. His' fifth wife nnd his children refused to .attend the funeral. He hnd no friends. . » Hoase-owkbus will find that I. L. Hodg son's Liquid Blister never fails for fistulas sprains, lameness, and strangles in horses. Do not procure imitations. Frico 2s. Cd.. For healing cuts, wounds, and girtbgallsHodgson's Styptic Oil for horses and cattle. Frico, 2s. Cd. Prepared oply at tho Toowoomba Pharmacy ; .established 1875. I. L. Hodgson, proprietor. ' Corner Rutbven and Russoll streets. (No Branohos.) 6 An interesting trial of tho lately introduced Melotte cream separator, for whioh Mr. J. Melvin is the local ngont, took placo on Tuesday last. at tho farm of Mr. Ponticost, jonr., in tho presence of a representative, gathering of fanners. Had tho weather been favorable, and more publicity given, a larger number would havo bcon present.- This ma chine, in working trials organised by leading agricultural societies and colleges on the Con tinent and in England, is said to havo beaten all competitors, gaining as high as 98.2 out of .100 points. Mr. Thomas, a farmer from Boenloigh, who lws watched with keen inter est tho development of dairying In tho-old pminlrv and tho rivnlrv for first awards for cream separators, fixed upon tho Melotto as tho'standard of excellence, and was tho first In tho colony to procure one. Ho camo up specially to explain and start tho machine. To give a description of it would occupy too much space ; suflico it to say that the faults and disadvantages of other makes havo been carefully avoided and every attention given to, details, so that tho result is a perfect separator. Tho adjustment of the turbino to tho spindle is so arranged as to cause tho least possiblo friction, so that it can bo turned with less power than any other separator yet produced, at tho same time separating a greater quantity per hour. An 85 gallon separator is worked 'ds easily as a 83 gallon of any other mako. The vat is much larger than ordinary, and lower clown, thus, more easily filled, and,, tho Inflow of milk being automatic, saves labor nrtd renders soparation more efficient from the regular supply. Tho cylinder can bo removed in a moment, and overy.part canbeseen, or reached with a cloth to bo cleaned, which is "im easy process, as tho turbine is thickly enamelled, and is easily kept scrupulously clean and free from grease and smell. Ono notable feature is that sepa ration is produced with less speed owing to the arrangements of the discs, so that the cream is free from bubbles- and lumps, and is of good consistency tor churning. The gearing is entirely closed and separated from the milk, and the arrangement tor oiling pre vents waste and dirt. Those present ex pressed themselves as highly sntislicu witn the efficiency of the machine, and as a Melotto will be en exhibition at the August Show, we expect it will bo the source of great attrac tion. ' ' The Oi'iNio.v of Every EsousniiANis that liberty of speech and action is tho birthright of every free man. " Britons hover shall bo slaves " is one of tho most popular of our national songs, nod us a matter of faot it is impossible for slavery to exist under tho pro tecting shadow of tho British flog. In the sarao manner men cannot remain bound by the tyrannic shackles- of disease it thoy will place themselves under tho healing influence of Holloway's Pills and Ointment. Their success in all parts of the world is now a familiar story, and it is only necessary to say hero there Is no disorder that cannot bo speedily cured or delivered by tbem, . 