THE YATMAN MISSION. Mr C. H. Yatman continued his yesterday, when he held a prayer meeting it 12.30 p.m., in the Wesleyan Hall Dana street, and very successful evagecal ser- rices in the Alfred Hall m t' ie and evening. His subject at t! r f; on3 ble service was concerning the lin b , jfe sin of blaspheming the Holy a ti]o commenced his address by relcrr wreck of tho stamer Port.and. a {to American coast, when tho ' llings of ship put to sea in spite of the - , ],j 3 an approaching terrific storm. •• „ heedlessness resulted m the l".’ ■ lives on the vessel. He (Mr V: b",, and ed to be a friend to all who heard . ■ to give them a danger signal- ti r a jj eJ( i to-warn them that there ’.'a- “■ s : in ger, in a sinful life. It was an a’-'i and threatened to result :n «- - v s 0 f than that cf the '';%: hic h human sou’s. There was asM • .j or there was no forgiveness in *1 » the the next, and that- was iy ... c n out of Spirit of God, which would lcai ■ ■ , f; on . wrong into right—out of sm in -•• oi - jhe This meant the continued reje , Holy Spirit, which alone com a- re j K . into a place of spiritual sateo- , o _ t a3 tion of God by a man left 'There much as if he were already m _ • , fjod was no salvation apart from th f fl3 t who sent his Son into thi= good, people who were sinful cou-d > ' ‘ n ij ba and that people who were go , acer . made better. The Scriptures the tain incident in respect ot ' ir ist Pharasees attributed the wcr»- - 1 that of Beelzebub. The mere st. s p; r jfc tho works of .Tcsus were ot - g u t the was not in itself past forgiven ”• r£j? :tio Itt 1 tt statement was the result or t ol , ; i n ue(h of tho Holy Ghost, hl ‘ r, V...i was unpardonable. Cx°cl n- ..j man; spirit shall not always strive .. “ Take heed that the light that re thee be not darkness. The I w) :o hell legated the whole heathen 1 that took a big contract. The would lived up to the light they P o :’ ;jj e pre^r ho judged by that light- am. «, j,v the case his hearers would be j Living light of Christ- the Spirit ot “ be- God, that taught man the ( '’" e c ; u JeJ tween right and wrong. He uasnlic® 8 impressively urging them not o r’S"' the Holy Ghost by rejecting tne . ileT c> vatiou vouchsafed to man u. and Love of God. , . i „ =eruc® To-day Mr Yatman ' vll ‘} for business men from /-amP str i o’clock, at the A.N.A. Ha . and in the afternoon lie will ,• cS bei»» dress for women only, . 10 . < p , V ;U a<W re; - Lot’s Wife. In the evening he " Ha! l, »» another gathering at the.Al . ffo rt his experiences during H :S among the heathen. 