\- " A? * ^ ' JOBBING Trie J5bA3B, ~ ^ ' '„ is a' '^nounted trooper^^df ^e earner nfligging days I met with many 'strange \- -«uicL tragical experiences, and the one I am about to relate stands -out distinctly in my memory, perhaps because the wretched actor In it had" been an old schoolmate of my own. It was in '55, and I was stationed , at "the then flourishing: though' ephemeral diggings known as Kangaroo Flat - It was a rowdy ^lace while it lasted,, but; "there were a fewquiet and hard working men .there, of course; one of these I had got pretty friendly with, he being about my own age, and a. sharer In anany ways of my, "tastes and habits^ | : The name of ^tliis young . chap was Hardress Devon," and he liyed ; ailorie in -a tent on lils own claim. The claim i was the very last on the lead, and as the diggers preferred capping nearer the stores and shanties, there was not another tent within a considerable distance. One evening as he was coming from the store he dealt at, Devon called . at the little police station. I well remember his appearance on that occasion, -and every word almost that he said, for it was the last time I ever saw the poor fellow alive. He was a well-built and handsome young chap, "but witha quiet sadness, so to speak, in the curve of his lips that Ions • experience has since: taught rue to recognise, as the assured •expression of an early death. No such, thoughts were with me on that evening however, as Devon came in, and seating himself -quietly on my form told ine his news. "My hard times are nearly oyer, Bray," he said, with a smile; *'another week will take the heart out of my •claim." • ^ "And then?" I questioned. "And then ril go back to my wife," he said softly. . . , "Tour wife, man? I never knew you had one!" "I never talk much about what is near my heart," he said. "I left Jjerin Melbourne.six months ago, and now I shall go back, I thank God, not with an empty pocket." "'It is true, then, that you have been getting gold all this quiet time,Devon?" "It is quite true, though I did not know that anyone guessed it. I have never sold an ounce of the gold on the Flat." "I've heard some of the men say that you must be getting gold, or you would not have stuck to the claim so long; and others have said your claim was a shicer, and that you never had a shilling to spend." He laughed pleasantly. "They were right, Bray. I never had a shilling to spend in the shanties. I kept my shil- ; lings for my darling. And I'll be glad to get back to civilised life, Bray, for this is telling on me unfavorably." "Ton don't feel well, Devon?" "No, I get strong heart palpitations and pain very often, but I know whajt it is— the pick and, shovel work is t6o much for me." • ,. ^ ..!"?. .. " ' ; "WeU,Tm glad you will soon, get rid or if, p.eybn, but I'll, jniss.;. you,,'all the r jaine.",', > / "Yes," he said wistfully, as lie rose to .go, .but keeping histiiie eyes, for a moment on my face,. "we always miss ^oinething in,this world, .Bray, and always shall, I guess, nntil we have passea the River."' "And then, Devon?'* "And then, all will be welL Though, if we are allowed to remember earth and its troubles there, I should never rest if my wife should not get the gold I have toiled lor." "Oh, she will- get it right enough, ladV Don't be morbid." "I'm not, but I feel the uncertainty of life, Bray. If I die you will see that she gets it, friend?" ". "I promise you, r will see that she floes." • " "I will tell you where it is. One of the posts of my bunk—the head one at the back—is loose. ' Pulpit up and you Will find the gold in the hole." "AH right!" I returned, laughingly, "see -that Idon't stick f» if I get the lfhanc6!" ''"' "I win see, ; I'm sure of it!" he'cried, with a sudden suxd-almost a'fierce energy. "If ahy man was to rob'me when l was" dead; I should haunt that -man till ? 1 death punished him!" ' "Well, you won't haunt-ine, old-man, for I shan't give you the chance!" " Tm not'afraid of yon." There is my wife's iddress, Bray, Should fliere be need, break it to her as gently as you 1 can." " With'the bit of phpier, bri which he had with a pencil written his wife's address, in my hand, I stood for a moment and watched him walking quickly toward his tent There was nothing in his bearing to suggest the invalid; his step was light and firm, his whole air that of man. full of life and hope. I remember to this day that I half envied Deroin, his ifortune won, and before him the pleasure of sharing it with the wife lie so deaiiy loved. On the next day duty took me toCas- Itlemaine, and on my return I passed a swagman. It was within a short distance of the Flat, and within view of Devon's tent. Swagmen were plenty in those days, and I was riding past quickly, but I did notice that the man was young, and looked very tired and shabby. I noticed, too, that Devon's tent door was open, and wondered, for it was early in the afternoon,-and-not ad hour that he ^ould be likely to leave'his claim. " My time for the following hour-was toeenpied in attending to my horse's .wants and toiny "own. There had been .the promise of another man at the police station (or camp, as it was "then called), irat 'he had not arrived, and I had ' my •own cooking to attend to. My dinner .was not eaten when I was summoned to the Iront by a knock. . I was not surprised to see standing at ithe door the swagman JL had passed on the track, it was no tmusual thing for a man to stop and ask the way, or for a match, but it was an unusual thing for anyone to stare at me as this man. was •jdoing." • * "What the matter?" I asked shortly, ••Ss there anything queer about me that you stare in that way?" "I'm wondering," he returned, "is it possible that you are Ned Bray, of Tresliam?" . . " - . . "That is my name, certainly, and I was born at Tresham." "Don't you know me?". He took off his worn felt, and from out •Of a bush of whiskers and hair looked ane in the fact; There .was something in the man's eyes X seemed to be familiar "with, but I could not locate the owner of •them. .; M am Dave.Pahsons, your old schoolanate." . ; "Good heavens, you are changed," i said, "it is only six years since I saw .you, and if you had not named yourself i J : should never have recognised you." "It's "gr^tly ar matter of dress," he Said, "and I've been working pretty hard for little lately: Butlbad no ideawho it should find' in a mounted roan's uniform when I came -to . give some infjoranation to the Eolice."' ••••<; •^formation^' ' ! "xes." Just after you passed me a [while ago, I decided to camp and boil the l>illy. I bad the fire all ready when I i ionnfrSmt I liadn't a "matfcli that "would strike, so I went »pto-a teat by itself, i Where the doorwasopen." i ''Yes," 1= said, though my heart was' fteatingJiard with a strange fear. - The' gnaw was speaking of Devon's tent, what) information was he going to give me?" -ii ^called ont, 'Are you in, -mate?" 'bat there iwas no answer, so I went a little (forward and lookedin." < "For God sake go on,"" I urged. "What Bid you see?" "I saw a man lying, dead on the floor,V iwas the prompt reply. "I went to try and lift him, buthe'e-stiff; most have mem dead a good while, I should say™ *^Btane bade w^ me,'* J' say, as Igot lay teap^aria ^ept.towards Jfteyotfs tenfe JJHHL ^^-.ffflwwnt.a mtet lmow howj a&m;&gmB; the -corpse ot;a btojh^L^pid, the swagman notJcgi^ ^ -i^Ces^^totjpiatete'.. was.Jto-tijte^camo talking tp 4bont bis -affairs lastev€# ii^.on biSj.wa^ :&o0i; the -store, " , - c 5 | : -My companion lQaked at me sharjgf I-thought, but just then we reached thfe tent and I entered." ,It ..was too - irue| there lay poor Devon by the side of hid trunk, apd from the position in which he. formed, the opinion that.-feeing iii§ illness, he had attempted to. secure or . change the position of liis ^pTant." ;One hand .was stretched stiffly towards the bajc^ Ixyakxtf Which lie had spoken to me, and the soil around the l>QSt seemed to have been distwbed hot veiy l a t e l y , . - t V^Whtl^lilMa bem^7s^sf^ng^.mysel£ that Devon was really dead, Dave Parsons had stood at the doQr watching me. "Will you. go down to the camp, anil 1 get tife a-liaiiimar and nails you will find on a shelf in tie back kitchen?" I asked^ of Parsons. "I must make a thorough examination of the tent before I hail it up and go to report the Case." Parsons turned quickly to do as I had; "said, Slid I made use of the opportunity. I had- made to search for poor Devon's gold. I found the leg of the trunk loose, as he had told me it was, and I easily pulled it up, but in the hole from which I had lifted it I found nothing. I What could he have done with the gold so soon after," as it were, giving it into • my <jliarge? It mig-bt have been that" he' had- chfln^ed its position, and intended; to noti^ me wf the fact the next day. Still; that was very unlikely in the face of his forbodings "of sudden death: I had -no doubt that my poor friend had died of heart disease, and the inquest on his remains held shortly after confirmed the fact. Dave Parsons had never borne the best of characters in his native place, but neither had he ever been accused of more than an inclination te a self-indulgence and laziness that led him into undesirable company. There will always be a tie of some kind between old schooljnateSr especially, when the wide sea rolls between them and the place of their birtlt At all events, seeing that Parsons was hard up, I asked hi into stop at the camp with me for a few days, and, indeed, suggested that il he was supplied with a miner's right he could not do better than take up Hardress Devon's claim. "There's only about a week's work in it," I said; "the poor fellow told me so last night. But Devon got gold in the claim, and if you don't take it up some one else wilL" "He got gold in it, did he? What did he do with the gold?" \- "That I do not know," I replied, cautiously. "But ifs the very strangest fact that the poor fellow spoke last night of being robbed when he was dead." . "What did he say?" "I can tell you his very words—'if any man was to rob me when I am dead I should haunt that man till death punished him.' Those were poor Devon's very words." "He"must have been a fool." Parsons said, disrespectfully, "who believes that the dead have any power. When the breath is once out of a man he's done for." "The body is done for, I grant you; but what do we know of the spirit or its power? That spirits have re-appeared to guard or warn no man can doubt." "One man can, at any rate," Parsons said doggedly, as he rose. "I've got a miner's right, and I'll go and take up the claim as you advise." The'body having been removed to the only public on the flat to await the arrival of the coroner, I, in conjunction with another mounted man, who had been sent to help me, pulled down poor Devon's tent, and literally rooted up its floor and surroundings without discovering a speck of gold. In default of any. other way of accounting for its being missing I began to wonder if Devon could possibly have transmitted it to his wife by some safe hand encountered after my last interview with him. As the only way to find out I wrote the whole details to a police friend who was at the time stationed in Melbourne, and asked him to visit Mrs Devon,break the sad news to her, and inquire about the gold. ! Having done so much, I felt relieved when the arrival of the coroner permitted the formalities of the inquest and the burial of my poor friend on the second day after the finding of the body. Parsons was now working in Devon's late claim, and begged the dead man's tent, which, being of little value, I gave him, and he erected it not very far from; the spot on which it had stood before, but rather nearer to the mouth of the shaft Some days passed, and Parsons came to the camp occasionally in the evening, as he passed to and fro from store or butcher's. I was not long in finding out the secret of his seediness—he was ad-' dieted to drink. He had confided to me that he was getting a little gold, but the amount he confessed to was not one-half of what I soon discovered him to be spending on drink, bottles of which he took to the tent to indulge in privately: And the effects of his heavy potations soon began to tell on the miserable being. His face was puffed and pallid,his hands trembling. That he was able to worry at all I began to doubt, and to satisfy muself went to the claim one day and looked down it Dave was in a sitting posture at the bottom, apparently sound asleep, and when I shook a' handful of sand over him to arouse him he started up with a shriek of terror that might have been emitted by a man in the jaws of a tiger. The shaft was about twenty feet deep, and bottomed on rock. A drive had been put in, and the claim worked from it, a.t the entrance of this drive Parsons had been seated, and when he rose and emitted the cry I have mentioned I saw from the awful white face and terrible eyes that the man was suffering from delirium tremens. "Dp you want to kill yourself sleeping down, there?" I asked. "Come up out of that, and get to bed if you want to sleep." He managed to climb up, using the steps cut for the purpose, and holding by the windlass rope which I had* iS festened; but .lt was a dangerous proceeding, for his hands were almost helpless, and I was fearful of every moment seeing him lose his hold and fall, to be killed by contact with the stone at the bottom. "Did you say sleep?" he asked, glaring at me wildly when he had staggered to a place of safety away from the shaft There is no place else I can sleep except down there." * •Why?" "Because he follows me everywhere, day and night; but the shaf t beats him! There's no room for him down there." "Who are you talking about?" I asked as calmly as I <»uld, for strange suspicions were unfolding in my mind. About your pal, the .dead man! He's got it into Ms head that I robbed him of his gold, and he's banntfng me day and night! Oh, yoti needn't deny it; it was you that fold me 'he would come back to lok for his gold." "Devon said he would haunt, anyone thiat robbed -him dead; but how can he j be haunting you—an innocent man?" , f ;"Iaving men sometimes make mistakes, they?" hie asked, cunningly; "and why shouldn't dead ones? At all events, there he is now. glaring at me as . if I had his -—- gold in my pocket" • While he was speaking the wretched man was drawing back from a spot at .which he was glaring with terrified eyes, though there jgas potliing there but' the iwarm eun restitng on a patch of grass. I spoke to liim as soothingly as I could, to .get him Into the tent. \- "You've gc& a touch of sunstroke, Par- 'sons, and are fancying 1Mngs. Therte's nothing or nobody within seeing distance tif- us. Come on. Into the tent, and lie down Cor a bit" "He'll follow me there!" \-- "No, be won't; I'll see to that. Why,- Dave, did anyone ever hwir.of a ghOSt " in-broad dayllgMS" - — - ~ i m imiNomfttea me to l&at;&i; awaay iB^-j'lhink^bd^get'. rid'^fr thefancied -spirit- he wafc «ot<£rt&ed; of than iflnythiog' else. J ^ gdt lfltn 40 lie'dtavn under a promise of remianihg wttii him" 1 Of rhe.tried'tp slelep,*but managed to Bend for a doctor without liim misslng me, be lay inutterihg ajfil fighting imaginary, oppbnents 1 on his bunk. - ; \- The jngdical verdict was just what* I expected. "This Is not the first attack he's had of D.T., I suspect; and it will'' hard with him. , TIT go and try and get someone up to help you. for he may-take a mad fit^af any moment" ' There were noe a great number of women on the flat then, .and most of those who were had their time fully occupied iu some or other kind of busings connected with the sale of drink. The eonstable they had sent up to assist me was occupied oh that day iu police busi 1 iiess, but as soon as the digged knocked off work I had many offers from go natured 'men to help me • in the night watch with the wretched'' victiih'' of driiik. • " •• - • • " • : • At six o'clock I went down to • otar camp, leaving- Parsons at last asleep under the effects of a powerful opiate administered by tiie doctor. One of the diggers was to watch the sick man while I looked af*»!r my horse and got my own supper. I then lay dowir and^'had ' a nap for a couple of hours, and went back to Parsons' tent at fen o'clock," the hour at which I had promised to relieve Jack Morton. \- • It was one of the lovelieLst nights I (Sn recall. The moon was within a couple of days of the full, and she shone, broad and brilliant on my grassy way. Long before I reached it I could see Dave's faintly lighten tent se silent and lonelylooking, that I could not help contrasting it sadly with the sounds of music ana dance and laughter that came up distinctly trom the "streef at the lower lead- Parsons was asleep again when I cautiously stopped at the tent and beckoned Morton outside. To my inquiries, ere the man left, he replied that Parsons had liad a bad bout an hour previous. "He was fighting with dead men and the devil himself," Jack said; "and it was nearly past . my strength to control" him, but lie's sound now, and before Tie's likely to wake again I'll have Tom . Nolan up to help you." ' I thanked the good-natured digger, and sat down on a box at the foot of Parson's bunk. He was sleeping but uneasily, and every now and then he would call out suddenly and with awful mutteiings fling bis arms about wildly; Gradually, however, his. sleep became heavier, and in the unaccustomed silence I unconsciously drifted into slumber myself. I awoke with a start to see that the bed wSs empty. Horrified at what might be the result of my carelessness, I darted to the opening of the tentOutside it was almost as bright as day, and the stillness, with the height of the moon, assured me that I must have slept a considerable time. My very first frightened look was in the direction of the shaft, and there, between my eyes and it I saw asjplainly as I ever saw anything in my life two figures. "Yes, there were two of them when I first looked. There, within, say^ twenty yards, I saw. my lost friend's face and form. It was nearest to me, and beyond, with his back to the shaft and the moonlight full upon his horrified face, stood Dave Parsons. He had on him only shirt and pants, and he was in his stockinged feet. The front of his shirt had been torn open by some of his own delirious movements, and his chest was partially bare, and had streaks of blood upon it where he had fixed his own nails in his agony of fear. That he, too. saw poor Devon's apparition there' could be no doubt but his lips were frozen with terror and his tongtie was silent.... The instant I saw and recognised the shadowy form Devon's pale face was turned to me, and I saw a smile round the well-known lips. It is years since I ventured to relate this episode, for my hearers then laughed at what they called my delusion, but the mockery did not wipe out the memory of my dead friend's face, or the parting smile that lingered round the well-known lips. Only for a second Devon turned to me, and then his regards returned to the wretched Parsons. As they did so a shriek of terror rent the quiet and my old schoolmate began to move backward as Devon seemed to advance toward bim. j I saw the danger, which Parsons had forgotten, but. I saw it was too late; there was another terrible cry as the. unfortunate Parsons staggered, tossed up his arms, and fell biackward down his own shaft—the shaft that Devon had sunk. One moment there had been two figures and the next there was nothing but the still moonlight lying upon the grass between me and the shaft I had darted toward it as soon as I saw the doomed man's danger, but no one could have saved him. When I reached the shaft and looked and listened I could see nothing in the obscurity of the depth, and there was nothing to hear, only the silence that might have been of death. Fortunately at this very instant Mor-, ton's mate came up to help me, and between us we managed to attach Parsons to the rope and haul him to the surface. He was not dead, but so seriously injured that it seemed impossible he could recover. There was a deep wound in his head, from which a quantity of blood had flowed, and it was perhaps the flow which relieved the inflamed brain, and left him, when he recovered his senses, apparently as sane as myself. He tried to sit up, and recognised me as I spoke to keep him stilL "What has happened?" he asked as he raised his hand, to his head and then held the bloodtinged fingers before his eyes. "You have had an accident Dave, and you must keep very quiet until the doctor comes." "An accident! Oh, God! I remember! I fell down the shaft and he was chasing me. I am dying, Bray, j.feel it! Devon wiU get his gold now. and I wish to God I had never robbed the dead!" "It was you, then?" I asked, noting by. the grey, ghastly hue of his face that the end was not fir off. "Yes, it was I. Let me tell you while I am able. Can you give me anything to revive me—for a few moments?" The death sweat was on his face as I held the stimulant ordered by the doctor to his pallid lips, but when he had taken it he spoke anxiously. "The gold is in the drive, at the claimunder a big stone at the very end. I tell you Jest it should be too late—when I have let you know how I got it I went for a light as I told you, and when I found the dead man I saw that lying by him was one of the legs of his bunk that he seemed to have pulled up . with his last breath. I guessed he had a plant ia the hole, and got it" He toldrme this, poor miserable being, in gasps as he could, while in the meantime I wiped the cold moisture from his brow and cheeks. "I robbed the dead, and from the hour you told me that Devon had declared he would haunt the robber to his death I felt that my doom was sealed. I drank and drank, for I saw him day and night watchiag me for his gold, and the more I drank the plainer T saw Devon. , "Don't speak any more of it, Parsons," I pleaded. "Take it to Him who forgives all sins. Ask Him for pardon, Dave, now, before It is too late." * "I'm in a hard strait, Bray," he murmured; "but I was always a bad eggeven at school, do you remember? There was never any chance for me; the devil was too strong—always." But -perhaps now, when I'm come so low—the Lord will pity and belp me-" • "He . will, Dave; ask Him quickly." , I am asking .HiHB.'"IjOrd,' foxgive a sinnerT-for His sake—who • died—for sinners." - . Those were his last words, and being, what I trufet was a sincere prayer, surely we may believe that there was "hope in his death." = We foimfl Devon's gold where the iqfcf- " " " PaffeobB " J J had toia tae r tt"WaB; iifei IJiad;^«jgsfiictian pf sending.^- toJbS? and^Tliad no dpubt* from fhe^tonlfof tte 'commuffication that" although gold is a valuaMeb^ in aie jounfcqr of life,"p6br Devon's wife would "liave forfeited ,lt twenty'tiniefe over for k Ibok Into his Irfrtog, living'lace, .or to hear tte sound bf Ms warm" heart beating near her own. . 