MR. JAMES'S LATEST. To find Mr Henry James among tho ghost seers gives a reader pause He has so long devoted his fine and unsubstantial art to the elucidation of the subtleties of a mood, he has so become tho high priest of the Fine Shades in social life, that when he takes up a theme belonging to tho Society for Psychical Research, it is as if Mr Meredith should come out with a romance of tho shambles. But if it is a new medium for Mr James he manages it with all his remarkable delicacy, reserve, sug- gestion. In his new book, published hy Mr Heinemann in his Colonial Library with tho title of " The Two Magics," there are two tales It is tho first that counts There is it house party deep in tho shires, and the talk falls upon tho uncanny. One of the party raises tho expecta- tion of tho others by the premise of rare sport in that class, the diary of a governess whom he had employed to manage two young children, his wards. This story is indeed thril ling The lady first observes a man about tho place who is apparently waiting intently for other than herself. On describing him to the house- keeper she learns that this is, or was, one Peter Quint, her employer's factotum, who had met a bad end. Presently another of these wraiths disengages itself, and this is found to be, or have been, Miss Jessell, tho children's former governess, who like- wise had died. These two, Quint and Jessell, had had an evil relation. All this is of the very commonplace. Mark tho horror. The two children, lovely, engaging, altogether delightful, were conscious without fear of these apparitions, and were recipients of tho evil influences of these when dead as they had been in their life. The boy had been dismissed from his school for some enormity. Hie girl never had left her home. What the unhappy lady found in coming to close quarters with tho pair was that she had to deal with the demoniac. Qnint and Jessell. This outline will serve to show the matter with which Mr James is for the time concerned. We may notice before passing that this dread- ful theme, almost beyond literary art and cer- tainly beneath Mr James's, the corruption of children, is not absolutely new to him. A recent novel of his turned upon it. Profoundly repulsive and unreal as " The Turn of the Screw " is, nothing more ex- emplifies the literary art of Mr James. A reader almost holds his breath lest some slightest slip should break tho thin ice upon which tho unhappy governess moves ; some faintest word should obscure with grossness the transparency of the sad picture. What relief it is to turn from this overburdened fantasy, which makes of tiny children the agencies of hell, to one of Mr James's sketches in his old manner. The scene is an ancient English manor house. The owner, Cap- tain Yule, overwhelmed with ancestral debts, is summoned to Covering End to seal a bargain with one Prodmore, a capitalist, who proposes to marry his daughter to Yule and hand him his estate, otherwise unencumbered, if he will recant his radicalism and stand for the constituency as a Tory. Enter an American, the all-conquering, rnch, young, audacious, beautiful American widow-woman. Mrs Gracedew is delightful, and for an example of tho ease and dexterity with which Mr. James will make his charming countrj - women behave in situations that would turn an Englishwoman's hair grey, one should lead tho scene in which she acts cicerone to two parties of tourists, or those in which she deals with the weak and triumphant Yule. Of course she saves him and Covering End by marrying off Miss Prodmore against her awful parent's will, and herself marrying Captain Yule. Messrs. Angus and Robertson have just pub- lished " A Smaller English Grammar and Composition," by Mr. Conway, head master of Cleveland-street dabool, abridged from leis larger work, whioh WOB SO favour- ably received on its appenrauce re- cently. Tho abridgment is dune very well, po that while tho larirar book is a standard for advanced classes, the " Smaller English Gnim. mar" will sorvo well for junior pupils. Tho clearness of tho instruction, both rulos and examples, is OB evident in tho ona book as the other, and by this ono would recognise the hand of u man who had had long experience of the diffi- culties of this subject. It is to be hoped that this useful manual will soon bo adopted throughout tho schools, where as yet the subjoot of Euglish is hardly as thoroughly mastered whon the pupil leave« school OB it should be. The amount of slovenly writing and speaking among those who hâve had what should bo a good education is a reflection npon tho system, though the fault docs not Ho »o muoh with the teachers as with the pupils and their surrounding». Messrs. Collins Brothers and Co., Limited, ?write to say, with roforoaco to the notioe of their new series, " Patriotic Historical Headers," which appeared in last Saturday's " Herald," that tho Kerie» is quite suitable to the requirements of tho standard in this colony, whioh i» praotioally identical with that of the English code. 