SILAS REDFERN'S DIS APPEARANCE. . The mysterious disappearance of old Silas Redfern was a serious matter for Mamie. She had been too loving a uiece nnd too unsophisti cated a girl to indulge in nny sordid specula tions as to wheu her unclb's money was likely to become hers. She believed tbat all ho left behind bim would be hers some day, an in the ordmary course of nature he ought to din many year9 before she did. Though he was the most notorious old skin-fliut in that part of the country, he was her uncle and tho ouly living relative she had. So Mamie felt it to be her duty to lovo hint aud tried hor utmost to do so, and to a degree she succeeded. But as for rnouey, and his money especially, it interested her about as much as the price of slates or stoel rails any where on the Pacific slope. Indeed, it was not until her unole bad dis appeared that the word 44 money ' came to have any real significance to Mamie Redfern. It was when she found herself alone in Pirdale Hall, with a maid looking to her for every thing, and Bart Frusher, the single labourer her uncle bad kept about the place, wanting eleven shillings as a lull week's wages lawfully due to bin), that Mamie awakened. She positively had not a shilling. She uever had had money. Living there at the old Hall, she never had wanted any. All things that were needful for her, her uncle bad provided. They bad come in proper course, and Mamie had grown up in that strong faith of childhood which disposes of all difficulties of ways and means with the confident affirmation 'Father will pay,' or 14 Uncle wiil pay.' Mamie re membered when her affirmation had taken the first form, but for seven years past it bad taken the last. She bad lived with her unolo for seven years. And now that he bad gone, she was mistress of Firdalo, and poorer than her maid, who bad received a month's wages three weeks before. Her uncle had disappeared without leaving any olue as to his whereabouts. Mamie had been spending the day with Lena Belfield at Whitethorn Lodge below the village. Fordyce, her maid, had gone out towards the close of the afternoon to make some purchases. When she left, her master, Silas Iiudfern, was walk lug up and down the path which led from the back of the Hall to the road, apparently absorbed iu some matter of importance. But it was so ordinary a circumstance for bim to walk about the Hall and grounds with that pre-occupied air, that Fordyce thought nothing of it, but went on her way towards tho village. That was the laBt that was seen of Silas Red* fern alive. Every effort to discover him, tiviug or dead, had hitherto failed. It was now five months since he had disappeared. There was no evi dence of his death, and there was no reason to suppose that be hud made away with himself. And what deepeued the mystery surroanding his disappearance was that no will or papers bearing upon the Firdale Hall estate could bo found. Every room and box and drawer was lansncked, but uo paper of legal value was dis covered. Mamie kuew that he had had pack ages of documents. He had been in the habit of sponding hours with them in a little room ?which opened into his bedroom on the first floor. There were three large trunks and a Writing desk in this room, and Mamie was under the impression that her uncle had kept the papers iu the trunks. Rut when they came to be examined they were found to contain rub bish, worn-out clothiug, and old bed coverings prbich were dropping to pieces from old age. Where was not a vestige of paper or parchment fen any oi them. Not only bad Silas Redfern disappeared, tout his papers had disappeared, too. Everyone believed that be was dead, but all dforbs to discover his body had proved fruitless. VJnder the closn scrutiny to which Fordyce was subjected, the girl was seized with an ungovern able terror, The ideas of death, of murder, of poknown horrors filled her with dread. She lucaine hysterical, aad refused to stay another plight iu Firdale Kail. Her fear was contagious, filnmio quickly caught it, and was cousumed (-y a sense of indescribable horrors. She, too, Ueclarod that she could not remain longer at the !Hall. It seemed to be huuuted by a legion of evil spirits which pervaded its very atmos phere. So Thomas Belfteld, Lena Belfield's (rather, took pity on her, and look Mamie hor ueii to Whitethorn Lodge to spend a few weeks l*vith Leua, and to see what Time would reveal, Though o. perfect innocent as regards money matters and tho affairs of business life, Mamie Redfern was one of the most popular girls for miles round. She was sixteen, as vivacious as a ppring breeze, and the mischievous member of the Firdale tennis club. Thero were, at least, three fellows of the club who had designs ou Mamie, but the only oue *who found her at all responsive was Walter MaratoD, the son of a rusticating iron merchant. As soon as Walter began to pay serious attention to her, it was patent to everyone tbat ho was tbe first aud only favourite. The other two suitors accord ingly stood off like houourablo men, and left Mamie to Walter. And from that time the village looked upon her as prooerly appropri ated. Those who wcro intimate with Walter Marston congratulated him upon his good for tune in having secured Mamie. Those who were not intimate with him envied him uud said tbat some people were 44 always in luck's way.' No one was more concerned over Silas Red fern's disappearance thau Walter Marston. It caused bim many a sleepless night, and the pri vate inquiries he instituted cost him a con siderable amount of money. Ele saw the awk ward position in which the disappearance of MamieVuncle and the family papers had left her. He determined, therefore, that no trouble or expense he could command should be spared in the effort to clear up the mystery. Walter aud I had long been fast friends. Our tastes were alike, and as our bouses were not far apart we were frequently found at each other's abode. Besides, thero was au attraction for me at Tho Rowans, the home of the Mars tons, which would have accounted for my fre quent presence there had Walter been in the Antipodes. He had a very engagiug sister, whoso name was Alice, and by common gossip Alice Marston and 1 were to be uuited in holy matrimony. Be tbe truth of that what it might, I confess to having been with Alice Marston in the conservatory at The Rowans one lovoly eveuing iu July. She hau*taken me in to look at a vino which, under her attention, had be come one of the finest in the diitriot. 1 had. properly admired the delicate plant, and paid Alice every permissible compliment for bringing it into such a remarkably healthy and prolific state, when out- conversation turned upon Maniie Redfern nnd the disappearance of her uncle. -I noticed tbat Alice'laid down the light pair of shears- she bad taken up, nnd that she sud denly stood still, looking very grave. 44 What's tho matter, Alice ?' I said, startled by tho change which had come o»er her. ' Clem ! Do you know what I think about it ?'' She spoke very deliberately. 44 What, Alice ?' I was all atteution. 14 1 believe that Mr. Redfern is somewhere in that house. If he had made away with himself outside, they would have found him. He's in the house. 1 feel sure of it.' M What makes you think so, Alice ?' 14 1 '»o thought so for a mouth now. One night fast week I was dreaming abiut Mamie and the Hall. 1 dreamt that I saw Mr. Redfern come twice to th« window of. the little room at Ihe south corner. He bcckoned to mo and theu poiuted willi his right hand.' 'Pointed ! How P Where P' I gasped. 4* Towards tbe other side ; towards the mid dle of the house over the front entrance. I saw him as plainly as 1 see you. I'm sure he is somewhere in there. D; ro you go in and see, Clem P' 41 D-ro I P Aye, a hundred times. But the place has been ransacked very nearly that/' I said, excited by what she bad told me. I turned the matter over in my mind, and re called every ciroumstance which had come to light bearing upon Mr. Redferu's movements up to the time of bis disappearance. The more I thought over it the more strange it seemed to me that, if dead, his body should uot have been fouud. There was no deep water any where within three miles of Firdale Hall. There were five pits which served as watering plaoes for cattle, aad these had all been care* fully dragged. The police were satisfied that Mr. Redfem's body was not in auy of them. So that everything pointed to bim being above ground either alive or dead ; yet up to that time there had not been a single clue discovered as to his whereabouts. The more I thought of it, the more reasonable did Alice's auppe»itiou become that the miss iug man wai still in his own house. I deter mined that I would tell Walter Marston what his sister had said aud ask him to join me in a thorough exploration of Firdale Hall. 44 By jove ! look at that now ! The very same thought has been hauntiug my mind for a fort night paBb,' Walter explained, when I told him of Alice's suspioiou. So he fell in eagerly with my proposal to explore the Hall, and we arranged to do so on the following morning. Firdale Hall was a plain, substantially-built place standing in its own grounds, about 200 yards from a road which led into tbe maiu road a little to the south of Firdalo village. A row of trees shielded the npper part of tbe Hall from observation,and left its only architectural feature in view from the road. This was a pillared portico before tbe front entrance, which served to relieve tbe monotony of the plain red brick front. Except for the singing of the birds, the place was as still as the grave when Walter and 1 walked up to the front door. We had quite five minutts' fumble each before we could get the rusty key properly into the look, as the front door had not been opened for nearly three months. Old Mrs. Corkhill, who spent two days each week in the house dusting and attend ing to the furniture, usvd a small side door to euter and leave. We, however, decided that we would enter by the front, as we thought the place would be all the sweeter to ourselves if we set the large front door wide opeu to admit the air. How still everything was ! Not as much as tbe scratchiog of a mouse could be heard as we stood ia the first room on the ground floor. For a moment we remained perfectly motionless, paying a kind of involuntary deference to the place which had beeu the home of Mamie Red fern. The old pictures upon the walls were too faded fortbeirsubjectstobedistinguishable, for Silas Redfern would as soon have thought of giving his life as of spending money upou fur bishiug up what he regarded as useless incum brances. He had not placed them there, but many a time he had bemoaned the folly of those who had squandered good money over doing so. We went through the house from ground floor, to roaf. Every room we could fiud was care fully examined, and every box or article of furni ture which could have contained as much as the body of a child was subjected to a scrutiny so thorough that we would buve risked our lives upon its completeness. There wa3 one thing which had sent a chill through me the moment we reached the top of tbe stairs leading to the first floor. I had de tected a peculiar odour which my mind im mediately associated with the body of Silas Redferu. Walter did not notice it, so I put it down to fanoy. Our search was fruitless. I proposed that we should go outside again and take auother good look at the house. Walter readily assented, so we went to the hall and then out by the front door, whioh we had left open. We stood back on the grass beyond the gravel walk to obtain a better view of the frontage. 44 Alice said that in her dream he came twice to that window, and pointed to the middle of tho house over the front entrance,' I remarked, as we stood vainly lookiug for some clue. 44 That would mean tomewhere about the stairs,' Walter aaswered, knittiug his brows as if thinking hard, 44 The stairs, eh ! There might be something in that, w Let us go and have another look round,' I said, a vague, uneasy feeling coming over me. We went from bottom to top of the house, and examined every landing, with the same result as before. 44 Well, wo may give it up as a bad job,' said Walter, as we slowly came down on to the first floor landing. 1 had just stepped on to the landing, and turned to go aloug to the first flight of stairs. I was ou the point of assenting to Walter's re mark, whsu my eye caught sight of something which aroused my curiosity.. It had never struck me before, aud Walter had evidently not yet noticed that between the wall and tbe stairs we had just come down and the nearest wall of the room which stood next to the stairs on that side, there was a short length of wall measuring about four feet and forming tho side of the landiug. It occurred to me thut I bad never seen any tbiug in the room ou either side of the stairs corresponding with the short wall, nor yet with the width of the stairs tbomselves. I should have expected to find a deep closet or a small room under the stairs, but I could not recall haviug seen a trace of either. 14 Here ; come back I There's something I'm not satisfied about,' I said, turning back to the room beyond the stairs. I examined the wall closely. It had au old paper on which was un broken. There was no indication of any room or recess running under the stairs on that side. I went buck along the landing iuto the room on thu other side of the stairs. It, too, was papered. 1 rau my hand over the side uoarest the stairs, but found uotbing to excite sus picion The paper was intact, aud the wall seemed firm euough when tapped by my knuckle. 44 What ou earth are you after P' Walter asked. He had looked ou blankly while I passed my band over tbe paper of the wall. 44 See,' I said. u From tho far side of the stairs to thin wall is about seven feet. The wall runs that way about twelve feet. What's iu betwoen the two walls ?' 44 Tbe stairs,' he answered, simply. 44 Nonsenso ! Thoy don't take up a third of it. There's space. They don'tr build tvielvo by-sere® of solid bricks. I want to know what's in there,' I said, excitedly. Wo went backwards and forwards from one room to the other, but no trace of an aperture could wo find or any mirk which would indicate a possible opening. Here was a mystery, but one I was determined to solve if I had to bring in workmen to break through the wall. We weut up tho stairs and along tho upper landing, but still thero was no trace perceptible of any opening I was more than ever con vinced, though, that uuder and beyoad these stairs layeuough space to form a smallchamber, nnd I meant to get iuto it somehow. I was on the point of leaving the place with the intontiou of brioging baok a bricklayer, when an idea occurred to mo. -. Going to the top of tho stairs, I came -slowly; down back . 'V i'-. ' wards, grasping each step as I came, and trying to raise or dislodgo it. Not a step moved. I got to the bottom and grasped the edge of tbe lowest step. I was exasperated atthe failure of my Inst scheme, and gave a vindic tive tug at the woodwork. To my consterna tion, half of she flight of stairs seemed to dis appear, and I fell forward into a yawning cavity where an instant before the stairs had becu. Walter saw me fall and heard my shout, and tried to drag ? me back, but tho momentum I had attained through the jerk I had gives at tbe step carried me away from him. Before he could make a second grab at me I bad struck a floor, but, beyoud the feeling of tke sharp con-* oussion, I was unhurt. 1 rose quickly to my feet and looked before me. I was in a narrow and dimly-lighted room. Lookiug round I saw that the stairway was still open, and tbat the lower half of the stairs was somehow suspended upwards. 41 Come in ; there's a good floor ; we shall find something here,' I said to Walter. He stooped aud came in to where 1 stood. Theu we slowly advanced towards the end of the chamber. We had ouly made three steps forward when we simultaneously stopped and gripped each other. At the eud of the chamber stood a huge chest, the massive lid of which we could see was raised about three iuches. In front of the chest, kneeling by it, was a human form, ita head aud shoulders being bidden by the heavy lid whioh had closed down upon them. One glance sufficed to convince us that the mystery of Silas Redfern'a disappearance was solved. We knew that the kneeling form, trapped, as it were, by the ponderous lid of the chest before us, was the mortal remaius of Mamie's uncle. We advanced to the chest and raised tbe lid. Then we drew back tbe distorted form, crooked like the letter S and rigid as steel. It fell heavily on to the boards with a thud which nearly uunerved us. The chest was one of the massive old fashioned structures of heavy.irou bands, bolts, and solid oak, such as are met with in old country churches as depositories of parish rolls and registers. It was nearly half fall of documents, nnd containod three small bags in which were £297 in gold. Everything was clear as we looked at that huge box and theu at the crooked form before us. The room was the spaco under the stairs and between the other two rooms. Tbe only entrance was that by which we had come. To enable it to be used, the lower part of the stairs bad been made to raise upwurd, a counterpoise being attached at the upper end beyond the bar which served as a pivot for it to swing upou. It was this oounterpohe whieh-caused the steps to remain suspended in the air after I had first jerked them up. Suoh light as there was in tbe room came down from a little barred window in tbe back wall of the house, whioh we afterwards found was hidden from outside observation by a skeleton pigeon-cote without a roof being suspended in front of it, but sufficiently far from the glass to allow the light to enter All the deeds of the Redfern properties were found arranged with scrupulous care in the chest we had discovered. Silas Redfern had used tho chamber as bis secret room, and had evideutly taken the opportunity of Mamie and Fordyce being away from the house to enter it for the purpose of examining some of the papers or of adding more gold to his store. The lid had evidently fallen down upou him and stunned him, and be bad sunk forward into the chest to be held by tbe cruel grip of the lid until death first, and then we, released him. Mamie was legally entitled to everything. Neither she nor Fordyce had any knowledge or suspicion of the®*i't«nceof tbasecrel chamber, and what we told them about it made it im possible for either of them to live again in Fir dale Hall. In twelve months Walter Marston led Mamie to tbe altar, and then took her to the new house hBlf-a-mile below The Rowans, where Fordyce joined her again. Firdale Hall remained untenanted, and gradually sank into decay. It is now used as a granary and for stabling, and the simple folk of the district aver that at times a figure may be seen at the ruiued window at the south corner, and tbat it is the ghost of Silas Redfern. 