In the Bar Parlor. ' Well, I suppose I'll be losing some of yon soon,' said the Bar maid. ' I hear that all the males in Hobart are auxious to go and help England put those horrid Boers in their proper place.' ' Our anxiety to help England in her hour of need is positively pain ful,' said the Cynic. ' We only wail the signal.' ' Ana the hoar of need,' added the Philosopher. ' Exactly,' observed the Poet. ' And the hour of need hasn't yet struct, mat reminds me ot some thing that recently befell. A certain patriotic person who loves England because it shipped bis dad out here and thus enabled him to fonnd the family fortunes on a solid rock of prosperity, the other day asked me to write him a set of verses calling upon England's sons, where'er they stand, to help the dear old mother land. He wanted it to throw off ex tempore at a banquet. I wrote the verses, and the patriotic person sent them to the printery. This is bow the guileless printer turned out the finished article : ENGLAND'S HOUB. OP NEED. England's sons, where'er you be Arm yourselves, and to the fray, True born slaves of liberty, Eush with headlong speed away. Show the power of Empire might, Glorify your ancient breed, Show- tliat you are full of fight, This is England's hour of Greed I Transvaal Boers are flinging taunts At our dear old mother's head, Say she only fights for gontz, That her hands with blood are red ; And the flag of Kruger floats Where Majuba's ghost does lead — Where they drilled our kinsmen's coats In a former hour of Greed. Shall a dirty crowd of Boors Sot up States republican While the British lion roars From Becrsheba unto Dan ? Shall such wretches boast and bounce, Jeer about the Soudan goat, Hoard their gold up ounce by ounce, And deny us right to vote ? Just because our Motherland In her strength is most humane, \ Think they that some other hand i Tlian the Lord's is at the rein P Do they dare to breathe of fear, Fancy we liave run to seed ? Know they not our duty's clear In old England's hour of Greed ? Are they mad' to thus presume — These unlettered heathen whiteB — God-given right to rule assume P Prate of their republic's ' rights ?' Eights have they who rights maintain, That's the way we Bpell our creed ! Weak republics must be slain In the hour of England's Greed. To her Bons on land andjeaa Did old Albion bequeath Charter of nobility i Kick the dog that's underneath, God intended Golden Band Not for Boers', no Britons' seed, That we all can understand In the hour of England's Greed ! ' That's all,' concluded the Poet. 'The blessed printer set up ' slaves' for 'braves' in the first verse, and 'kick' for 'help' in the last, and j wound up every verso with ' greed ' | instead of ' need.' These printers I aie provocative of snicide. The I patriotic person hadn't time to look it over before the meeliug assem bled, and when the speechifying got troing lie upended himself to [ make a few husky remarks eon a strenuous opponent of manhood suffrage in this country, of oouree, bat that didn't matter. He in tended to use the verses as a pero ration, and introduced them with a preliminary, '' as a well-known poet remarks.' He only got through the first verse; then be was unanimously thrown downstairs. He isn't now so patriotic as he used to be, end what is worse, refuses to pay me for work and labor done.' 'Some men's errors are better than other men's poetio-rer— well, mistakes,' remarked the Oynio. 'That printer deserves oanoniBiosf.' 'At short range ? ' queried Jim the Luney. ? ? ? ' My friend ' Dogoreel' passes a few remarks in homely verse,' said the Publisher. ' Here she goes : The world has no harbor much better than ours, And picturesque Wellington over it towers, It's ijnniSncr blue waters are teeming with fish, Ttnf rnrnlr Mm noor can rat one in their dish. Che river is long and delightfully wide, Ind the fish go a-bobbing about with the tide, rhey swim out to sea and 'tis surely a sin Chat bailiffs prevent you from catching a fin. (Vhen Nature first made all her wonderful laws STo objection was made to the ravenous maws 3f fishes that eat one another and take Fhe best they can get from river and lake Die cod and the flathead, the eel and the ling, rho porpoise, the salmon, the shark, and the king, Fhey net as they like — no license they need — Fhey care not for Self when self they . would feed, rhe cannibal 'oonta in swarms i who could say Bow many fine fishes they swallow each day? rhe mutton bird, squid, and the cormo rant sad — All fisher folk wise — reckon man has gone mad. [t may bo quite right, as good citizens think, Fo lock up a man who has had too much drink; But the laws are but worthy the scorn fulest ' Pish 1' rhat lock a man up who takes too much fish! Some cobwebby folks talk a lot in this strain : 'Our children must grow with both muscle and brain.' What more can they have — what more can they wish For muscle and brain than a diet of fish P Then away with the wine cup ; I ask not for wine ; The fat fools may uwill all they wish when they dine. I ask but for freedom — full freedom to take All fishes in season, in river or lake. For breeding and feeding Dame Nature provides, And man is a fool if her laws he derides ; Shell wipe out the insult of gifts to the Giver— 'Foolt matte and fooh teant.' THROW OPEN THE EIVEE ! ' By the way,' said the Sporting Man, ' I understood the new mem ber of the Fisheries Commission was going to democratically flatten ont Orcoke, and other alleged licensed fishermen, by having the river thrown open to all the chil dren of men. What abont it f' ?' I'm atraid,' said the Worm, ' that the opening of a sardine tin is about the measure of some of these reformers' strength. 'I'll pervide yez all wid fish,' said Poli tician O'Brien, as, seizing an axe, he knocked in the head of a salt herring barrel. 'And if vez get a thirst me friend O'Doherly 'II quench it at the usual rates. Phwat more do ye want to make yez vote for me ?' (Great applause.) And Andy Politician O'Brien was hoisted into the seats of the mighty. But the mighty winked.' ?' I wish you wouldn't point your moral with a fable,' said the Boy. ' because ? ' Just here Professor Hackett popped his head in and gabbled : ' For a fable You're unable To unravel Or to snavel To the gable To enable Me to travel By a wire Through a fire On the table Ib a label Twasatoff . Cut it off ? To admire The last rhyme was spoilt by the Hidden eruption of a soda, syphon idjaoeht to the Professor's olassic 3hlB. * * ? 'There seems to be a good deal jf talent going to waste in this jotmtry lor want of proper en. wuragement,' said the Gloomy Man. 'Oar friend the Professor is simply bubbling over with poetry Mid ? *' ' Soda-water,' grinned the Boy. 'AndL' continued the Gloomy Man, ' here's a triolet alleged by a ButlETiN^eoribB to have been found in a tree somewhere in Tasmania: 8PBINGH Myeweetheart can never grow old ! ? While Memory's doors are a-Bwinging Thy beauty, short-skirted in green and in gold. My sweetheart, can ntvtr grow old. You whisper 'mid wattles and blossoms unfold, Tour laugh sets the universe singing. My sweetheart can never grow old While Memory's doors ate a-swinging. ' I'd like to see the tree thai grew on,' remarked Jim the Lnney. ''Perhaps it was a poet- tree,!' suggested the Punster. But nobody smiled and the Poet lilted — 0 1 this is the island for me, Contented with bread and cheese, No more I will have to be. Now triolets grow on trees ! No more shall your Poet be tired. No more shall his visage seem solemn, A ladder and cart is all that's required — That's all — and two guineas a column ! * * « ' It is an old saying and a true,' remarked the Editor, 'that those who know don't write, and those who write don't know. Now, I al ways consider stories abont children the most interesting. But those who know most of the youngsters seldom write about them, and the reading world loses a lot df joy thereby. Take school teachers for instance; they ought to be subsi dised to chronicle the queer doings of the little men and women under their obarge. At present they are too busy skirmishing after elusive school fees, aud have no time to Jot down one half the curious stones that sprout and blossom in every school yard.' ' School teachers should certainly be under no greater disability than other civil servants,' agreed the Scientific Man. ' What sort of a mess would there be if, say, letter carriers had to collect the postage or go without their wages r Just try and imagine it. Yet such a system is applied to the pedagogues. Some of them in the farming dis tricts are expected to ' take it out ' in turnips or milk or potatoes or batter. The other day a lady teacher, a delicate little woman with the appetite of a sick canary, had a ton of pumpkins dumped down at her back door as payment for ' the childer's scboolin'!' She couldn't use one pumpkin in a year, but had to accept a whole ton at market price or lose six scholars and thus pet her self disrated by a wooden-souled Bduoation Department.' ' Still, despite troubles of that sort, and surroundings often sordid enongh to frighten a bullock, school teachers don't have such dull times,' said the Country Correspon dent. ' Up our way a massive Member of Parliament recently paid a visit to the local school. Of coarse he said he was delighted with the scholars, and in his speeoh promised the youngsters all sorts of good things before next election. The teacher improved the oocasion by requesting all the children to write an essay on their good, kind visitor. The best essay was to get a prize. Nest morning most of the youngsters handed in their attempts. Most of them agreed that Mr. Blank, M.P., was a very nice, fatherly gentleman. Others described the clothes he wore — his shiny hat, tan boots, double-breasted vest, and massive watch chain, — but one kiddy of a speculative turn of mind expressed surprise that Mr. B. didn't wear different trousers, as he was surely old enough !' ' What ever did the kiddy mean ?' asked the Sunday Man. ' He was surely a very speculative child.' ' Well, you see, Mr. B. is a great believer in the old style of things, and clings like a Trojan to the pants of his youth, And the young sBBayisfc had never.seenafull-growu gentleman rigged up like that. Bit lad didn't weftranythipg double breasted; anyway.4' ' Did that pupil get the price P' inetied thB Publisher? ' Yes, a *ur-pris8. The teacher hit him with the oaue and then burst ont laughing.' ? - ? ?? 'A seasonable clipping is here put in,' said the Government Houbb ' Man. ' Poet Sonlly in the Specta tor has been dealing with Sooth African matters. A sample : JOHANNESBURG. A manad seated on a golden throne— My plaything is a nation's destiny ; Myfeet are day j-my bosom is a stone ; The princes of all lands are fain of me ; But, stark, beforetheBplendorof my gates The grim Boer, leaning on his rifle, waits. ? * ? ' From dead earnest to frivolity,' said the Snnb Editor, ' is but a short step. Let her go m a sample of alliteration : Sammy Speedwell, straddling sycle, Skumneth swiftly. Surrey Street* Sydney's single flifitorn shyly Sinileth salutations sweet. Summer's softest suVry Bimati.no _ Sombre shadows swiftly screen, Soon shall Sammy's sweetheart suffer Such sad shock so seldom seen. Sammy, scorching, spins superbly, Showing scientific skill, Scattered stones soon Sammy striketh, Sycle skids, sump, sudden spilt Sammy, swooning, sees such splendid Superb, sparkling, stellar eights, Shimm'ring starlets, spheres suspended* Straddling sunbeams, saucy sprites. Sammy, seeing, soon starts soaring, Seeking such selestial scene, Saintly Sahuist soothe Sam's spirit, Speeding skyward so serene. ? ? ? '? Really,' observed the Barmaid, ' the fickleness of men . is only equalled by the ? ' ' Ditto Vittoof women,' chipped the Cynio. ' But the fiokleness of both sexes may be traced to a want of energy in nine cases in ten. If a male lover is energetic and pushes the pace the lady has no time to turn fickle. Aud it the lady is ener getic her bean has as gnat a chance of fooling around with another girl as being struck by lightning' ' But the energy would need to be applied at the exact psychologi cal moment, wouldn't it P said the Barmaid. 'Down on the West Coast a dear' old friend of mine — a culinary expert, too, who well knows the shortest way to a man's heart is through his stomach — had energy enough, but she isn't mar ried yet. For five years she fed up a coltish young man, and just as (like Kdtisha) she thought she had him educated to lore her properly . he went galivanting off with a giddy young yum-ynm from a local slop pery. The cook was naturally in dignant at the result of her five years wooing, also at the waste of good tucker involved in the split up. And she was energetic as well — eoenergetic.in fact, that she 'went for ' the faithless lover's new mash with an umbrella and considerable , effect. Whiz, bang, crash ! and down went tbe hated rival on the mnddy pavement , and the culinary lady jumped over her prostrate body and sped down street with her skirts gathered up in her hands and the never-dying glory of victory in her soul. Nanki Poo, too astonished to interfere in the fray at the- pro per time, then gently carried his damaged piece of goods into a chem ist's shop and had love's young dream mended with sticking-plaster and arnica. But the other lady ? ' ' Was too energetic altogether,' said the Government House Man. ' She should have carefully thought out a slower but surer method of dealing with her rival — ' something' lingering,, with boiling oil in it/ say.' 