[CURRENT NOTES. is positively disgusted with the nr. He id made at the Conference of and the rest of Australia is disgusted Iney lpr ! !;<; mother metropolis aspires Paris '••! Australia—the head centre of 03 aUd 80cial lif e > more 'lyitafi d the 8^!!':?sed c 6 ^f 6^0™!™ 61^!^ hea< * one bura'f'n the iocal Fatman ho howls • no t, ls the Sydney shop- 18 of of hi s u iselfi 1 ^ ' s Ins o^ ; Kin s l * patriotism A — we ~ **uw need t the idp-: <,f Tvr p i r v? • He . is •General - ml - r ,? urne having the Wales'-'-ytf; m llree y ea^fl » whilst vers thv YC c * Ce in order » p the bants f th/v ° °n j ° teW " roV Y ,t „he iar .assertion rawi11 depopulate that the pealth b' ImMw busin " V • " ever Thl to busmen shift C'''' ; : V r o ® the clutches of the Victorimu- ! .s all bunkum, and is [merely ye a specious show of clamou ,f the big publican, and ' warehou^.' and the great green- of Sy Polouial 18 proverbial. In all ( for Be ]ioussl" n - years she has |as been callr ''" 1 BhameIesa rapacity. >p tbe m ^ ^ ^ ^ e o f ^ w a y s ia metropolis, and this entirtlv c r responsible for the y- Nobodv ! ,an interests' infl^f 68 A tathou S ht f uuences the attitude of ilie Sydney Fatman. When lie abuses Reid for not having secured the capital for Sydney he is speaking from the bottom of his pocket and thinking only of how the sales of his beer and his meat and groceries and his building sites will be affected during the few years when the business of the Commonwealth will be conducted in Melbourne. New South Wales is to have (he capital eventually, the Bill secures her that, and Sydney is foaming at the mouth because in the meantime Melbourne is to officiate as the Federal Washington. Very Hell, PUNCH has a proposition to make, an entirely fair and reasonable proposition to make. It is simply this : Let us reverse the whole business. Amend the Bill again, giving the capital to Victoria for Ballarat, say, and allowing Sydney to enjoy the privilege now conferred upon Melbourne, and remain the centre of political interest for three years. * • • • How will that please the greedy sister ? She is not content with her Bhare of the bargain, and declares we have robbed her; can we do anything fairer than offer to exchange positions ? George Reid has admitted that if the best interests of the Commonwealth alone had been considered, Ballarat would have been declared the best possible site for the Federal capital, but the Premiers yielded to the provincial greed of N.S.W., and gave that State the capital as a bribe to induce it to accept Union. This is not enough, Sydney wants all ; like the horse-leech's daughter, she has cried " Give, give," ever since Federation became a really [live political ques- • io n - It is a 'l extremely nauseating, but we a know that clamour comes only from an utterly elfish push of dealers whose souls never for a oment rise above their counters; and who, not content uouu with WILU the business uusiuess auvanuiges advantages Federation f euerauuii. must confer locally, are showing an octopus-like ravenousness in reaching out to gather in the benefits that should fall to the lot of their eighbours. Sydney has always been the headentre of the enemies of Union (a veritable Anti hill), but in the contest patriotism mrsus the purse the latter will go down. IN spite of the most decided improvement in Victoria's prospects and a bouncing harvest that is keeping miles of wheat-laden trains constantly streaming across country, and pouring the golden grain into the shipping ports, Melbourne has again something of an uriemployed trouble, and the man with the deep hoarse voice is again rising up on the city block and in the waste places to improve the occasion with intemperate harangue. There is just nowp a very large army of unemployed men in Melbourne \- legitimate workers, the right stamp of - meu fit and for willing such a for country any labour as Australia—looking to which they might be put. They are represented by the old type of agitator—there is only one type— raucous, fluent, uneducated, full of crude ideas (f social reforms that may be effected by taking a. great city by its skirtB and shaking the whole into a chaos of brick and blood. It is the misfortune of I he unemployed always that they can find no spokesmen but these, and it is the duty of a democratic Government, petitioned by a large body of men seeking work, to look at their cause apart altogether from the agitator, remembering that he is the only medium at hand, and due Minting all the revolutionary hog wash with which he mixes the real troubles of his following ; and it may be said to the credit of Sir George Turner that he does not allow the vapourings of the talkers to prejudice his view of the cause of the workers. At the same time we do not find anything like a serious attempt to deal with the chronic unemployed trouble. Victoria should have no unemployed, and the fact that she is never rid of one, small or great, is an abiding reflection on the capacity of our so-cilled statesmen. Sir George Turner could only offer the men chinces of work on small railway jobs, the bigger contracts being reserved for the winter, when the unemployed affliction is expected to be more aggravated. There is nothing in all this that can pretend to be a cure of the grave defect, it is at the best a temporary relief; and the trouble will continue until we get a Victorian Government theoretically made in Germany. This is a conclusion that may be painful to our national pride as Britishers, but in spite of mistaken Jingoistic efforts to discount the dvantages of the German system of encouragipg-industry and commerce, it is the system that is best., suited to the needs of Victoria, Jingoism is a valuable sentiment until it poohpoohfl jiuuuowoisueugui th& strengtli auu and progress yLugiess ui of a JJUHCUUL powerful rival, arid .then it becomes dangerous, since it engenders a false sense of security. Much of this kind of Jingoism has been exhibited in the criticisms of German technical methods nd Germany's commercial progress as compared with that of England. Germany has come out of the ruck, and progresses with giant strides because her whole industrial system is based upon the rock of science. She has applied the newest scientific truths in the best way to all her undertakings; she has made knowledge her prime factor in the mine, in the factory, and on the farm. We produce a mere fraction of what our lands would yield us ; oar population leaves us, and our towns have their clamorous armies of unemployed, and we a» content to apply the remedy in mere dribs and drabs. The hronic unemployed difficulty is only one of the evil consequences of our lamentable lack of backbone, THE complaint of the Rechabites, heard at Bendigo the other day, m a mo«t touching and pa'hetic outburst, considering; the weather we have bteu having. What to drink aud how to rink it are problems that beset even the amiaddist who has the publican's whole lexicon o pick from in these days when the glaBs is odging up about the higher nineties in the hade. What, then, must be the case of the fflicted teetotaller, who, according to liis own showing, must quench liiB thirst with water floating innumerable bacilli, and on which wims the playful typhoid germ, and where in all probability the festive hydatid has its lair ? If he dscards water he must fall back upon such pappy as ginger ale and chem cal lemonade, at which even ti'e most hardened Rechabite grimaces fearfully, i nd is filled with weird thoughts of gastric disorders. What are we to drink 1 is the wail of the draught-stricken, sun- cracked teetotaller, and the great heart of the public goes out towards him, especially in consideration of the fact that he raises his doleful voice at Bendigo on a north wind day, for Bendigo on a nortti wind day is next door to the place of eternal thirst and the home of the everlasting black drought. "It is all very well to ask people to give up intoxicating drinks," was the despairing cry of Mr. Bailes, M.L.A.; "but what have we to give in thei' r p lace r' This loulfnl lamentation sums up the great weakness of the llechabite cause. It is so easy to be reformers when you only pull down. It is the easiest thing in the world to be an iconoclast and smash idols, but when it comes to making new idols, a very great deal of brains and no little genius is demanded, and the teetotallers have not yet produced the genius who can invent a drink that will cheer and not inebriate, that will possess all the advantages of good beer or whiskey, and none of their disadvantages. What is easier than smashing whiskey bottles? What harder than to fill them with a liquor that will satisfy the long-felt want of the whiskey drinker, and yet nob induce that condition in which the respectable citizen goes home with a bashed hat, a turned coat, a stammer in his feet and making strenuous efforts to light liis lead-pencil under the impression that it is a cigarette? The Rechabites have long been labouring in the wrong direction, and PUNCH has pointed their error out to them again and again. One-thirdof theircombined energy should be devoted to the invention of a temperance drink that will be fit to take as a steady refresher, another third to the erection of public fountains where good filtered iced water will always be available in summer; a sixth to improving the quality of the intoxicants sold to the Australian public, and the other sixth to miscellaneous orations. As it is, the whole three-thirds are devoted to the latter work, and the only result of the ordinary teetotal address is to make the average man moderately thirsty. PUNCH offers its recommendations to the party, and hopes for the best. THE fervour of Sir John Madden's critics in the matter of his allusion to Mary Magdalene seems to us to be rather unreasonable. The Chief Justice, summing up in the Yarra mystery case, dwelt at some length upon the character of the girl Dubberke, and endeavoured to give the jury to understand that although she was very bad in some respects, it was wrong to follow the common custom and jump to the conclusion that, therefore, she was utterly and irredeemably bad. Then he gave instances of women of excellent qualities m some respects who had yet done evil, and had become historical for their bad, as well as for their good, qualities. "Among these," said His Honour, "can be mentioned the Magdalene, Nell Gwynne, Peg Woffington and otheis. These were undoubtedly harlots, but duriDg their lives they displayed many true, womanly traits." For using these words a priest of Sir John Madden's own church attacks him with extreme heat, hurling accusations of " gross irreligion," and stigmatising the opiniou expressed as being worthy of "opprobrium and contempt." This anger is rather surprising, coming from a minister of the church that has perhaps done most to fix the popular opinion of the character of Mary Magdalene prior to her meeting with the Saviour. How comes it that, if the Rev. O'Farrell's church holds M:try to have been nothing worse than a proud woman, it has given the name of "Magdalene Retreats" to nearly all of its charitable institutions devoted to the work of reclaiming such woirnn as Dubberke? In this aud m other ways the hurch of Rome has been instrumental in erpetrating a libel that has made the name of Magdalene Bynonymous with that of harlot in all Christian countries. "The New Magdalene, " the book, is written on this assumption, and an unfortunate woman is quite ordinarily referred to as a Magdalene. And does not the story of Mary Magdalene lose much of its force as a lesson if we assume that Mary was a sinner only in pride of heart? The reverend critic seems hurt mott by the association of the name of the Magdalene with that of Nell Gwynne,j,but the judge was then referring to the worldly Magdalene, and not the saintly convert the churches delight to belief as regards the Magdalene's character is honour. But if it be admitted that the common erroneous, the church that has so long associated that name with the penitent woman of "Mrs. Warren's Profession" should be the last to rebuke a man reared in its fold for accepting so obviom an inference, TJIK Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Taverner) is to be congratulated on the success so far achieved by hiB efforts towards the technical education of farmers. The expert lecturers connected with (he Agricultural Department-Mr. H. W. Potts, F.C.S., and Mr. R. Crowe-have just sent in a report of their work from 1st August, 1S97, to 1st February, J 899. The subjects of the lectures were, " Modern Dairying 1 ' and the "Techniqueof Butter and Cheese Manufacturing," with allied subjects. Although the lectures were delivered in broken periods, Lhe record of the work done by Messrs. Potts and Crowe is highly creditable. Over 120 butter and cheese factories were visited, and seventy - two popular scientific lectures were delivered on dairy farming ; seventy two technical lectures with* demonstrations were given to creamery and factory managers. The attendances at the popular lectures on modern dairying amounted to 11,138, and the attendances at the lectures to managers reached 7S1. During the first course of lectures the average attendance was 51, but din ing the last six months' course the average attendance increased to 1+0. Advice and assistance have been freely given by the experts to farmers, who have shown a keen desire to take advantage of the opportunity afl'orded by the Minister of Agriculture to increase their knowledge and thus enlarge their profits. Mr. Potts was trained as a teacher in a large public school in England, and this, with his scientific knowledge, has proved valuable in imparting technical instruction. The children attending State schools in the agricultural districts have also had the benefit of the experts' teaching, no less than 2940 having attended the lecturettes prepared for their special benefit. It is very gratifying to find the farmers appreciating the advantages of technical knowledge. Nothing short of a complete system of education will satisfy the public demand. Do auditors audit? Such is the question put in the last JYorth American Nrview, and the answer seems to bo much the same for New York aDd Chicago as it would be in Melbourne—that is to say, of a negative cast. The fact is, auditors are not paid sufficient, to enable them to make a thorough audit. The}' can only look at the outside of securities. The auditor is something like the happy bridegroom on the stage. The bride's father hands him a roll of papers, and says: "There's £10,000, my boy. 5 The happy fellow crams it into his pocket without inspection. Thus with the auditor and securities. ONE of the latest innovations to Sydney industry is that of two ladies who have come from England to teach teachers. They have a great many pupils or clients, and are supposed to be doing a great work. A little peculiarity they have is to answer every formal invitation, or issue the same in their proper names, without any prefix. Thus Margaret Hodge and Harriet Newcomb invited a representative attendance on Friday, 17th February, to listen to a lecture by Sir Evelyn Oateley, Her Majesty's Inspector of Training Schools in England. All the "leading lights '' in the academic and scholastic world were present, and listened to a sketch of the educational movement in England from 1859 to 1899. Sir Evelyn Oateley railed against the pupil-teacher system, and also the examining visits paid by inspectors. They ought to unexpectedly visit schools, he said, and judge for themselves how the lessons are given. In England, the lecturer remarked that twenty per cent. of the children were uneducated. At Sir Evelyn Oateley's lecture, Mr. Reid acted well up to his character of funny man, saying that: " When he was at school it was never his fortune to come across trained teachers. Dull boys were passed over, and he never took a prize but then the teachers were not trained." He also politely thanked the lecturer for discoursing upon a subject on which he was evidently so well informed, and further remarked that he would be able to make a dozen speeches out of that lecture. When he continued, however, that he had not been to sleep once and could keep awake for another hour if Sir Evelyn liked to go on talking, people furtively smiled behind their fans or invitation cards. Mr. Hogue (Minister for Education), who had hardly been able to restrain his impatience since the lecturer alluded to the twenty per cent., then rose and declared that in Australia only four per cent. of the children were benighted beings without educational advantages. THE assistant Government Statist, Mr. J. Fenton, supplies the exact figures showing the increase of population in Victoria and New South Wales during the last six years. During that time New South Wales has increased her numbers by 148,590, an increase of 12.41 per cent. In the same five years Victoria has added to her population an insignificant 8117, or .70 per cent. These are lamentable figures for a Victorian paper to dwell upon, and show that a borrowing policy is not always a losing game. To be sure, as PUNCH has pointed out before, Victoria is certain to be the first province tapped when a gold discovery of anv importance takes place in another State, or a mining boom appears in any of the four corners. Victoiia is the breeding ground of miners, and supplied Westralia with the great majority of her big influx. Tasmania has also drawn heavily upon our resources in this way, and the copper mining boom in Queensland has made another call. These things account for a due propoition of our loss of working population, but it is lamentably true that our own went of enterprise was mainly responsible. Men do not leave work to rush in any direction, and the atrophy that affected our industries for the five years to which these statistics apply was due largely to the policy of financial starvation to which the Government resorted in an hour of extremity. HUGHES, M.L.A., a Sydney Labour member, was rather clever in describing how George Reid has turned himself in and out and round about over Federation. " The ghosts of his dead speeches are continually rising up to challenge him. He must be a very courageous man to dare to confront himself. ' The same sneer has often been hurled at the Fat man. " You cannot find arguments to refute me," he said to an Opposition critic. " Indeed !" w*s the reply. " Well, I can afford to wait. You will supply them yourself in a week or two." 