VICTORIAN PRESS OPINION, f SYDNEY'S COOL ASSUMPTION. THIS BELATED COMMUNITY. MELBOURNE, Friday.— Tho "Age" to-day de votes space to another artielo on tho Fedoral situation, and alter deprecating any attempt to throw obstacles in tho way, now that the people of New South Wales have determined that the objections ngaiust the bill do not outweigh its merits, tho article goes on to say, "The cool assumption that Sydney possesses the ghost of a preferential right in the Federal Parliament. is one that will assuredly need and receive firm, calm, and temperate suppression. We aro glad to recognise the truth that these offensive airs arc not put oil by the people , at large. When in the seventies tlie advance of Victoria In wealth, population, and intellectual aud poli tical progress hull left tho mother colony a belated community, Sir John Robertson thought that ho had more than halt redeemed the pres tige of his colony by calling Victoria a 'Cab bage Garden.' Twenty years later, Sir Henry Burkes, in the same arrogant vein, proposed to change the name of New South Wales Into 'Australia.' Following nil tho samo lines, we havo Mr. Reiil asserting Sydney's right to bo the Federal Capital, and telling his audiences that he holds a sort of prescriptive claim to bo the first Premier of the New Commonwealth. There is neither reason nor precedent to justify him. All the States enter this union on equal terms, and no Austral ian statesman is entitled to a hairsbrcadth of precedence over any other, save that which the confidence of electors reposes In him. "We aro told that our troubles are only just beginning. Tills we are quite prepared to believe. Indeed, to people who are ablo to discern what lies half an inch In advance of their noses, this ought to have been patent from tlio moment when the Convention closed its labors so premature ly. We know quite well that it was a radical error to make tbe State finances absolutely dependent on a Federal vote, and to leave the debts and railways an open question, but' these omissions, though they will require much time and thought tor remedial action, aro not irreparable errors. They can be, and they will be, provided for, though tliey will test all our best Federal statesmanship. Foremost among tliom is equal State representation. Nobody who knows what Is the meaning of an equal fran chise will seek to defend a principle which in vests a Tasmanian elector with ten times tho vot ing power that a Victorian possesses. It is a blot on tho Federal Bill, and It Is a wrong which Bhould never havo been thero, but wo decline to EAUve that It Is so serious ojjdofoct that we ought to delay Federation until It is removed. At the samo time, there cannot bo tho smallest objection to malting it a question of consti tutional reform when the arrives for such matters to be debated. Tho Liberals of Victoria who accept the Commonwealth Bill because its merits outweigh its delects are no more blind to the latter than aro the trrccon- cilables of New South Wales. To threaten us that the 80,000 "Noes' of Now South Wales aro going to form themselves "into a kind of Cave of Adullam, because they cannot coerce the majo rity, would be inexcusable wero It not so plainly ail outburst of impotent petulance, the want of that philosophic temperament which can sustain temporary defeat without loss of dignity. It is not in the least truo that there can be no genuine Federal Union under the Commonwealth Bill. It is correct to sny that tho union will bo ail unscien tific one, while 'State rights' remain a perpetual source ol friction in machinery, and dobts and railways are left in the posi tion ol Mahomet's coffin. But all these things are what patriotism will seek to remedy, not to rail at as defects which inako it absolutely un workable. Tho attitude of this colony is in strik ing contrast. Victoria has maintained a dig nified reticence while Iter neighbors were pelting her with contumely. Sho will, however, have her turn to speak, and her orators may do worse than make it clear at oneo that they enter tho coming union without conceding a scintilla of her just claims." 