REBA CRANE'S CLASS PIN. ' May Archer ran lightly down the corridor of tbe dormitory of Mis3 Wilson's 'Select School for Girla.' At three doors she p-iosed to tap, and immediately after opening them, to announce: I ' ' H.A.L.' meets in my room to-night after Bupper. Very important.' She waited to get her breath aS the end of the hall, and then began to walk back slowly. ' If I hadn't hnrried,' Bho Baid, half-alond, ' they'd have been gone to basket-ball or oil for botany specimens, and I couldn't have been sure of them.' She waB walking almost on tiptoe now, 6nd at last Btopped and deliberately listened at a door.. The sound of a low sob reached her ear, butqueerly enough she clapped her hands noiselessly and pranced away with a gymnasium hop-skip. After tea four girl6 were settled in May's room; Eva Burna'and Lucy Walton in the two chairs the room afforded, Beth Meadows resting luxuriously on the bed, and May herself on a hassock in the centre of the room. ' Where's Baba ?' they aeked, as May sprang up to lock the door — the signal for business at a meet ing of the 'Help a Little' Senior Society, or other wise, the mysterious ' H. A. L.' ' Sh ! Bh !' said May ; ' wait till X close the transom. I don't want her to come.' ' Don't want her 1' this was Baid in tones of great amazement, but Maiy paid no heed except to begin - her atary at once. * ' After the bell rang thia afternoon I went to Eeba's room to get her to walk with me, but she wouldn't come. She looked so forlorn I waB sure she had been crying.' ' Oh no !' Beth struck in, ' we've been together three years, and I never knew of Eeba's crying in all that time. The rest of us cry over examinations and lessons and failures, but she never doea.' ' Good reason 1' added Lucy. ' She never fails.' ' Shall I go on ?' said May. ' No, Eeba wouldn't walk, even when I coaxed. She Baid ahe felt stupid and cross, and it would spoil my walk. Besides she was almost too tired. 'It didn't seem a bit like her.' ' I'm afraid Bhe is working too hard,' said Eva, with a Bbber face. 'I often wonder whether I could stand it to study and also waBh dishes all those hours that ahe does. Still I never heard her com plain.' ' Complain 1' cried Beth ; ' I guess not ! When mamma stayed that week with me she said Eeba Crane waa the cheeriest girl she ever met;' but they saw they were interrupting May, so they stopped and Bhe went on : 'Just then someone came to Eeba's door and said the matron wiahed to see her. She zose in a hnrry, and the letter she had had in herlapdropped to the floor, but ahe didn't atop to pick it up. ' ' ' I'll be back as soon bb I can, May,' she said, ' but don't wait if I'm hindered.' Then with a little smile, only a ghost of her usual one, she went away. ' I stooped down to pick up her letter for her, and just mechanically my eyes rested on a sentence. ' Keally and truly, girls, I didn't mean to reBdi£ or think of doing Buch a itiing. I waa wondering so hard what ailed Eeba that I didn't 'know what I was doing. The Bee.ond' I did take notice I dropped t.hn letter as nuicklv as Lucv did Professor Wvlie'a frog,' — thia caused a general giggle, — ' but next — now you will Bay ' oh !' — I picked it up again and read over what I read before.' ' Why, May, bow could you!' Eva exclaimed. 'What did it say ?' aaked Beth. 'I knew.it was her mother's writing,' May went on, 'and this waa what it said : 'Eeba, dearie, I am sorry to disappoint you, but I fear you will ha-re to giva up the class pin. It was a very pretty design you described, and you five girls that were to have 'H. A. L.' engraved on yours would prize them especially, but six dollars tis a good deal of money for us, you know. I am taking money from the bank, as it is, to pay for your diploma and the class expenses that are necessary, but is this really necessary ? ' After all, Eeba, perhaps I had better leave the decision with you.' - There was .silence for a minute, as May finished, with a little choke in her voice. ' Why, it's dreadful for her not to have one 1' burst out Eva. 'We were going to keep them alwayB for talismana, and will them as heirlooms to out great-grandchildren. If I shouldn't have that little ' Pidelitas' pin to look at after' I leave school, I'm afraid I wouldn't be very faithful.' ' Needn't worry about Eeba's not being faith ful,' Lucy snapped out most crosBly. ' She's 'most | too good to live, now.' ' Do you suppose she woold let me give it to her?' said Beth, in a low tone, sitting up very straight on the bed. t 'Afraid no't, Bethie,' said May. 'It would be only a dollar and a half apiece for us all — ' began Eva, but May again Bbook her bead vigorously, then leaned her chin on her hand and began to think very hard. At laat Bhe raised her head. ' Eva,' she declared, ' I believe you've got hold of the idea, after all ! It must come to her from all of us, but how to give it and not hurt her feelings is the question. I put Iter letter back just where I Found it, and I am sure she would never think I had looked at it. . I forgot to tell you that after I notified you all of thia meeting I stopped by her door and she was back in her room, really sobbing. Of course she had decided not to order a pin, but I made up my mind, then and there, that she must have one.' 'You don't know how it makes me feel to hear that Bhe is troubled bo,' Lucy Baid, -with tears standing in her. eyes. ' 5Tou remember how laBt year no one but Eeba could comfort me in 'my sorrow about my father. Let's not wait any longer about deciding to gat the pin for hei.' ' But not let her know about it until -it comeB,'; said Eva eagerly. Eeba Crane had had a busy morning. Examina tions were coming on, and she was anxious ta gain tbe mathematical prize. The ten-dollar gold-piece would help her mother a great deal with the com mencement expenses. So she waB up early, nibbling a cracker as Bhe dressed, and settling down to two good hours of stndy before breakfast. It was a lovely spring morning, and all her class went on a -violet hunt after breakfast — all, that 10, except herself. There were great gilea of sticky diabfiB for her to wash, and she mnst smell Boap-suds instead of -violetB. It madej her feel vexed— a very unusual mood for Eeba. Had it not been for tha diBh-washing she could' not have remained at the school after her father's death, and generally she thought of her mercies, but now she was getting overstrained and nervous. 'Wbiz! dingl ding!' sounded the electric gong for study hours.- Oh dear! Thore were all tbe platters still, to be washed. With handBtbat shook she worked at he^, greatest speed. The heavy pieces were soapy and slippery, and crash ! went a platter to the floor. The matron walked in hastily from tbe kitchen, two wrinkles between her eyes. A batch of bread had soured overnight, and the vexation of that lingered in her tones as Bhe spoke to Eeba : ' Miss Crane, this is verycaroless. Here is the third dish you have broken in a week. If this con tinues I must charge you for them.' She passed on, leaving Eeba with burning cheoks and mouth firmly eet together. 'There have beon whole, tarms when I haven t broken a dish, and she knows it. Yesterday it was juet a miserable cracked cup I broke. Oh, how .hateful she wbb I1' The firm lips quivereJ, and tears were ,»'mo9t ready fco flow when Eeba gave herself ft mental shake.' 'Didn't you resolve never ti cry anle3S some | thing happened to your mother? Y°n'v® broken the resolution once thia term, and that's enough.' So thinking, she rinsed her towels, wiped her handB, hung up her apron and hurried to her room. What was that tied to her door-knob with narrow white ribbon ? A little envelope. She took it off and went in to throw herself on the bed, almost too tired to sit up. It wbb sealed with a 'W' on white sealing-wax. 'That's from Lncy,' she Baid aloud, smiling, and opened it to read : .. P.E?? ,Kei5£ : I f.uppo-e you can never realize with what 'faithfulness ^ou stood by tne in the hardest, darkest days I Lovingly** ^ cu n0' care if I thov,' you i appreciate it V Please look on your bureau. Lucr. There wbb a sob in Eeba's throat as Bhe kissed Lucy's missive, and then went over to tha bureau, supposing ahe would find some little remembrance. . A gloss dish of lovely violets fresh from the pastures stood there, with a folded Blip of piper on top: Your generous kindnc?3 to others haa been a constant 1 cr-on to me lor three years past. Is it fctrange I want to give a little? I lease go over to the window. Beth. Thoroughly wondering now, Eeba walked as she wbb sent. There on the sill lay a bird'a-nest, with a note in it in place of eggs : Dearest Reda: { shall never forget the good it did me to visit at your home laBt vacation. I'm going to help my mother as you do yours — at least I'm going to try to do eo. I want you to nave something to remind you to write to me, with '? faith fulness,' what you do at home. Your own, Look under the radiator. Eva. This command made Eeba laugh. 'I'm afraid I'll find some dust. I've been eo tired I haven't half swept lately.' Another little note peeped out here. * Eeba Bear : I owe you more than I can ever pay. Perhaps I would never have wanted to be a Christian but for yoa. 'Fidelitaa' it the very word that belongs to you. Withlove, Beside your mother's picture. May. 'Why do they repeat the class motto so much ?' Eeba wondered, her heart beating quicker as she turned to the mantel. Why, it couldn't be ? YeB, ifc surely was one of tbe little boxeB that held class pins. ' O girls, girls !' Eeba sobbed as Bhe opened it, 'have you really done all thiB for me?' and aB if she had called them in a minute, they were all around her, laughing and crying together. ' Eeba, it's been dreadful to have a secret from you,' exclaimed May, ' but -we promise with ?faithfulness' never to have one again.' 