Miss Pauline of New York BY ST. GEO. RATHBONE \------------------------------------------ CHAPTER XIX \--------------------------------------------- ON THE ROAD TO THE MINE "We are nearly there" says Dick, when they make camp the third night; "by noon tomorrow we shall be at the mine." It happens that on this night their camp is pitched in the valley. A queer formation rises in the middle of it, and upon this they have hit as the place to rest. Tents are raised, fires are lighted as usual, some of the escort fish in the stream with good success, while others, who are hunters, by nature, wander off to see what game they can "scare up." " I am told this is called the Valley- los Muertos — the Vale of the Dead. Do you know where it received the name ?" asks Pauline after they have had supper, and while they sit about the fire, a cheery blaze that does much to dispel the darkness. The conversation has been pretty much of foreign travel, and each one has something to relate in connection with the strange things seen here or there in lands far beyond the swelling sea. Dick Denver frowns a trifle at Paul- ine's question, and noticing the look of surprise she gives him, he laughs light- ly, as he says : " I had hoped you would not hear- the name mentioned Huggins was in discreet, to speak of it in your presence. As you suppose, there is a gruesome story connected with this weird, un- canny-looking, gloomy vale." "Do tell it " cries the " only Dora," resting her plump chin on one small hand, and gazing pensively across the fire at Dick; "I just adore ghost stories and incidents of that nature. Miss Pauline ask him," as though a request from that source cannot fail to receive proper attention. Miss Westerly turns her eyes upon Dick, nods a little, and smiles. That is enough. Although he does so under protest,Dick is compelled to obey. " Well, the truth of the matter is, years ago, when the El Dorado was in the Lopez family, and yielding more than any mine in Mexico at the time, a party heading towards the capital with a relay of mules, laden with the richest ore, almost pure metal, was sur prised in this valley by the desperate bandits who abounded at that time and though they fought bravely, they all perished." " All ?" gasps the interested Dora. "Every living soul of that band, save a boy, who had, secreted himself in the sage bushes, and who saw the whole dreadful carnage. I heard the story from his lips. He was a white bearded man when he told it, but I could see him shudder as if again he saw in imagination every detail of the awful massacre. Enough— let us talk of something more cheerful. You know now why the Mexican's call if the death valley." He turns the conversation himself, and does his best to raise their spirits. In spite of his yarn spinning and songs of camp and field it is plainly evident that a gloom has settled , upon the party — even the, sprightly Dora, sits and hugs her knees, resting her chin be- tween them, and gazing into the red coals of the fire, as though she can see some of the awful memories that haunt this spot where a wholesale tragedy took place. Surely something must hover about the Death Valley that affects minds that are generally gay. It is, in a measure, like sleeping beneath the upas tree, and inhaling the odor that steals one's senses away in the silent watches of the night. Dick sees the ladies to their tent ; then he goes in quest of Colonel Bob, whom he finds smoking a villaneous Mexican cigar which takes from his mouth at every puff and examines with a glance that is solicitious, , even when it speaks of intense disappoint- ment. Dick can read his comrade like a book, and he knew the man from New York has something weighty on his mind. "Look here, Bob, your'e up to your old tricks." "Eh?" exclaims the other, as Dick's hand comes down upon his shoulder. "Not a bit, old man. I've just been waiting until all was quiet and the ladies had retired. I knew, as certain, as two and two make four, that you'd be after me for a consultation, and then I meant to tell you what I knew." "Ah ! yes, wait, until l get some fire ; have one of these weeds. Bob, some I brought with me from New York." "Jupiter now you hit me where I'm weak. There, old cheroot, all you're good for is to pass the fire along. Well, well, this is comfort, solid com- fort, bliss beyond comparison.'' "And Dora so near?" " Greah Scot! I forgot her for the moment—don't ever mention that fact to her my boy. But all the same, I'm very comfortable." " And yet your mind's not clear." " Ah ! there, you have it ; I'm wor- ried, Dick. I believe our enemies are about to try and make history re peat itself. '' "I understand," says the other, quietly; " they will attack us to night Senor Lopez and his gang of disreput- able characters, One thing is certain — Ibe City of Mexico was never so clean as now, since Lopez has carried away every rascal whom a few pesos or reals could bribe into a crime." "Yes, they're coming to-night; several things tell me so ; amongst others the fact that just when we came to this spot, and all were busily engag- ed preparing for the, night, I happened to cast a glance backward, and at the point where the trail passes up the de- file and over the mountain 1 had a glimpse of several mounted men. Thre ws no question in my mind as to their identity, for I was expecting them." " Those words mean something. Why do you believe we are to be at tacked tonight?" pursues Dick, who would make a good lawyer, he is so auick to seize upon a point. "My informant is Tampa Garcia, one of the two Mexicans we have in our train. He is a first class plains man, but has been rather wild in his day, so that Lopez believed he would join them. Tampa, took his money, and was in doubt what to do. The songs of Miss Pauline has driven the bad devil out of his heart ; he says she made, him think of his earlier days, and of one who is with the angels now. He threw the senor's gold into the river we passed yesterday , and to-day resolved to confess, all to me." " This is good luck," remarks Dick. " So, you see, it was resolved before we left the city to attack our camp in Death Valley. Forewarned is fore- armed, and we'll see that the yellow boys are warmly received. To-night they will be taught, a lesson never to beforgotten ; to-night old Mexico will learn what Yankee guns, backed by Yankee arms, can do." Bob is not boasting ; he means every word he says, and the time will soon come when the proof must be at hand. " You had an object in not telling | me before ?" (To be Continued) 