THE WIDOWS STORY. ? ? ' Mother,' cried little Ellen, ' your are melanclioly ; and ought not, you know, to be so on your birthday oight. For my part, I tnake it a rule to tie as merry as T can on my .birthday, since, if I were sad, I should think it at sign that I was going to be unlucky all the next year.' . ' My dear child,' replied the Widow Sim-: moDS, ' may you never have occasion to be' otherwise than happy on your birthday ; but do you suppose, Ellen, love, that I am melan 'Don't know, mother, I'm sure,' returned the child, doubtfully, ' but what should make you eo % We have pigs and cows, plenty of milk, eggs, butter, bacon and .;ho-Be; potatoes, caTjbage, sweet herbs, tweet garden flowers, and fine fruit, too, to sell ; Nancy is gone to a good service, and Willy to «ca.' 'True, Elian, true, ard thank God forHii . bounty ; bat I could -wmi, dear, tbat Winy, your brother, my heart's darling, Willy, iras not gone to sea 1' „ ' Why, mother ?' inquired the little girl ; 'be lores the ereat rollinesiea.aodi6m&kine; money for himself and at by going npon it.' 'Ellen, dear, do you recollect yonr father?' ? 'No — yei — wasn't be a tall man, with a handBome good-natured face, very Ted, smil ing lips, white teeth, and short black hair that curled .all over bis head f And didn't he wear a dark blue jacket,- and a black handkerchief tied looiely about bis oeok? Oh, rdo recollect him now 4' ' Very perfectly, Ellen, considering how young you were when yon last saw him. And do you remember what day this » ?' ''Why, mother, your birthday, tc- be sore.' ' Ay, and the day too on which your poor father died.' ' Ob, I did not remember that,' returned wv. vuiiu, uvjojg ncr uesb w iwk pvrniwtuif in spite of the characterwtic mirth and *ontowi« of b»r j-r*tty innopent face \VivSi SJ tion't; '; wonder to wyburoelanpholy now, since I g^ftrJBSwyourbir^o'ftT never comes but what , .ypaxntnK ot iny latner. ff** 'M,3S?nr, my dear child, and sever -will, I ?;? beHeve,beeauBe there were oirenmstanoes : oonnected with bis death too curious to allow ^'; 'it «ver6-etoape jay memory.' ' ? i; , 'Eb, mother f—cDrioui did yoaiiiy? Oh, ?? v- . tell them, pwy tell them to me ; yriu know I y-; doso Ioto to heat curjoni thingB.' ? The widow smiled, deipite her sorrow, when her curious daughter enforced ibis \- reguest by creeping close up -to her, lounging nponfaer lap, and peering with the mott I irreiistibie, bright canning eye* into her ??:??'? ttpB.'.-;.' ' ' ' ?. ? '??..-'?. ??? *We]lt toen, EUen,' replied she, 'if I 1 *ell yon yon are not to believe in ghosts, you know, and to frighten yoooielf o'dt »;,:; *f ?aronr ' «enset w- yon v lie ' ialone at nigfctj wljen, maybe, I'm gone to drink tea t; jmitix a neighbour. Fnimue a» ths-V1 ; . i8a,;$i#nbBr~ -yet, mother ; and indeed, indieij. I'moota Wtfri^bteoed, though I've J»e»rd, ovs»«»d ow again, old Barab'«Kho«t ?tprtw, which »be Is ready to take b*r Bible oatbareailiroe,' '-,??'? 1 «OW Samb, poor crwttBre, «W« obildUb, - my dear, and doesn t-kno« what tne stalking about.' ' And I don't believe iu ghosts, though I did see the carriage and horses, and coach man, all — 'tis true as life, mother — coming without their beads through the old haunted abbey gate, which nobody goes' near, if they can help it, night or day. So do tell me what happened when father died.' 'It was an evening like this,' said Mrs. Sioimonat that my poor William was suddenly obliged to leave me, to join his ship, then lying in Yarmouth Roads. I say suddenly, for be had not exppcted to be called away for «oma days, but 'wind and tide wait for no mau,' and these things always do come sud denly upon the sailor. I think I never before beheld your poor father so unwilling to depart, and - fearing that his delay might injure bis prospects, and even cause the ship to«ail without him, I own I was exceedingly vexed. Again and again- would he just step to the garden gate, return, kiss me, and say farewell; and again and again did I urge him, even with tears, to be more manly, and depart to his duty.' ' ' Anne,' said he at last, - because you desire it I will go, but I fear that if I do, we tw« shall never meet again. I wish to heaven I could give up the sea and come and live here as a. small farmer, with you end. the children.' ' 'Dear William,' said I, ''tis' top late to think of snob a thing now, when the ship is jusc going to sau, ana you ona ot her -crew ; and as to our never meeting more, you've often thought so when leaving home, and will lose this superstitious fear when amongst your messmates.1 So, Elled, at last he went, and then down I sat and had a hearty cry, for my heart misgave me respecting yonr poor father, in spite of what I said to keep up his spirits. An bour had not elapsed ere William was back again ; he had forgotten a pair of boots, or some such trifle, and returned for them ; when, seeing?how I had took on for his loss, he threw himself into a chair, nroteitinir itWf he could tiot and would not go. Hereupon we had nearly a violent quarrel, since, be coming quite vex»d at my earnest entreaties that be would depart without further loss of time, he was pleased to say that he urn I wished to get rid of him. Poor fellow) I excused him, foi I saw that he was quite brersome, and when at last be did go, saying, in a mournful' tone, «n he shut the garden gate after him, 'Yes, J vill see you all again,1 I felt as if -my h,eart must break. jiTon, my dear Ellen, were then too young to remember now, exactly, -hat happened four years ago, but the third iay after your father's departure, the 9th of March/, was my birthday. Upon this occasion 1 gave; rou sill, .ts usual, a little treatof tea and hot buttered buns, and determined that you' should sit op with me rather longer than usual, both because of the day, and th»t J plsofeU very lonesome and tad. It vtt, Aii I»ay, just such a night as this— if anything, I think, more ctoriny^-*nd aa I paused every^ sow-ana, tneb; between the series tmai. telling you, tp listen J» the wind' iand- jrsifcs shivering and «huddering beside our 'bright fire to bear them, there came on a, sudden sooh an awful blast that I thought ft would havefcWy WTririt-fftfa»roo!of*h» cottage; otbiDf nmaiDsdat n«t wftbSbJtj 4oonV slatnuied ' to, and bounced open as it I they were mad, the esaeiDenU rattled j (ill I fancied not a pane of plass was ( in them that would not be shivered to atoms ; our bouserdog — Carlo, poor fellow, your father's great pet — howled and barked as if be knew more than we did, arid such a volume of 6moke rolled down this chimney and filled the room that we couldn't see each other's faces for it. ' Lord preserve us,' said I, '' what a night 4b this ! And Heaven be merciful to sailors !' Hardly had these wo la passed my lips, Ellen, when nenr yon door th'ire glimmered a faint, hazy light through the smoke, - whiter than that of the fire, aud in the midst of it I saw your father, dressed as usual, and smiling upon us, though looking melancholy as he did when we parted. ' You all saw him, for each' of you called out, ' Look, mother, look ! there's father !' 'Bless me, William !' said I, not-thinbing at the moment of what it was, 'aud how came you here again so soon V ,_??' ?' ' 'He made no answer — how should he — for at that precise moment I lost him, and at that moment, too, ceased the dreadful hurly burly, of the wintry storm. Then was I sen sible that I bad received a strange and awful visitation ; and then, iu tb« midst of my be wildered thoughts, did I clearly coKpr'»-R=4 tbat I had lost, for ever lest, my poor, poor William !' : ' Alas !' news arrived, indeed, not many days afterwards, of tbe wreck of the vessel amongst many others, in the dreadful night and gale of the 9th of March, when he and several of bis unfortunate mess mates perished.' Have I not reasoo, ibea, Ellen, to be melancholy upon my birthday 1 .' Go, dear, fetch your uew boot:, and read it to me, whilst I knit, for the wind moaus drearily, the rain and hail fall heavily, and I don't like to hear them.' 