%iBi6ri Stdfy/ A Case of Conscience. Ther£-were perhaps a. score of people In.-. Ute^.;drewtng-rootti ;of Westuoluie Towers^ ^ „ Tbe assemblage included, among others, young Rjidsou, of the Guards, for whom I had conceived a vast partiality ; Wallaiv Ivewin, known to me years ago, when he was consul at Jaffa ; Sir. Cau nau, the owner of the demesne adjoin ing my couslu Tom's ;. and Mr. Caiman's winsome daughter, Dorothy. Miss -Caiman sai at the piano, while Tom, under pretext. of turning over her nnisii;, stood close beside her, all plea santry and courtesy. Tom — tall and well-built— showed at his best that evening— I. noted it with gall in' iriS33jeart ; aud bis jovial face was alieamj&ttb; smiles. His .diligent attendance on Dorothy Caunau had been decidedly more pro nounced -of late, lending colour to -the raiuour then current to the effect that he and she were to make a match of it. ... From my seat in .the mnbnisure of the window, with bitterness and envy.*rank, ling .iii, my breast, I watched tbi-iu. **trive as Pinight— and I aetestefl rajself for harbouring the abject fancy — I could pflot JielM-jatiukiug of the consequences their union would entail upon ipc'aud my expectations. ' His' life only is between ine and eight thousand a year.' I soliloquised fretfully. ' If be maarries— faugh ! there's an. end of my prosbects. Not only that, his marriage wUl rob me of her' whom I love as my lift— more than my liondur. Lose Dorothy! I cannot; bear to think of jt' My nerves were strained 'to their ut most tension that night I felt un wontedly irritiiljle and revengeful as 1 pictured the misery which the near future had in store furjne. And whit J-.-brobded thus darkly. I seemed to hear a voice — the Evil Oue's. surely — ever and anon whisper encourag ingly into my ear. ' Only his life— only his life !' Thankful enough was 1 when Lieu tenant Icadson and Mr. Lewin, crossing ttie llnor, broke in upon my churlish rovcrie. ' What, moping alone ?' cried tbe ih u ieuant, cheerily. ' This will never do ! Cheer up, old chap. You seem out of sorts to-day.' ' Yes,'' said I, wiping my brow. ' My .hi ad feels bad— it's the hot room. I Iliiiik.' '? Well, come out with us into the library,' young Radsou went on. 'Stay, though ! Lewin has just told rue that you possess a museum of your own that is, a collection of bric- a-brac, silver ornaments and gew-gaws that you brought with you from the East. What do you say to displaying them to us both ? I should greatly .relish seeing them.' Upstairs we went to my dressing room— -which adjoined my bedroom— where stood the oblong marqueterie table on which the articles were ranged. They consisted of various silver knick kuacks of Indian filagree-work which I had picked up in Bombay a year before, ?with other bizarre samples of Oriental workmanship which had cliauced to take my fancy. ' Very interesting,' said young Rad son. stifling a yawn, in the midst ,of my panegyrics. ' Shall we go downstairs again *? I hear Tom singiug.' . ?' Half-a- moment.' I interposed- 'You haven't examined this yet.' So saying, I picked up what I vainly imagined to be the gem of my odd col lection— an elaborately carved ivory sheath, in which reposed a no less artis tic Malay kriss. The steel of the razor-edged weapon ?was fantastically inlaid with silver, and it possessed some sort of historic value in having once been owned by the noto rious dacoit, Lai Mangas. The sheath I handed to the lieutenant, while Lewin stretched out his hand for the keen, curved blade. ' Very pretty, indeed,' commented Radson. 'Worth something, that, I suppose ?' Meanwhile, Lewin ran his finger along the edge of the kriss, a subtle smile upon his face. Then, as if seized with a sudden thought, be struck a tragic attitude, lifting the knife high above his head. ' Ha, ha !' he cried, aping the ortho- ; dox transpontine villain. ' It's his life ; or mine ! Shall I strike ? Ha, ha !' Radson laughed hugely at the ex-' consul's ludicrous posture, a laugh in which Lewin himself presently joined. Then the kriss was once more placed snugly in Us sheath, and we returned to the drawing-room. \- By this time my cousin had dragged himself from Dorothy's side, being now seated in close converse with her father. Thenceforward, to my mind, try as I might to win her attention, she appeared woefoHy reticent. Several times I caught her eyes roam- , ing in Tom's direction, and the soul of , me waxed wroth at the inference I could... not avoid drawing. And at one time I i thought she cared for me— thought she knew I cared for her. At that moment the voice smote my ears again with its insinuating home thrust — ' Only his life— only his life !' ' When the hour arrived for Mr. Cannan and his daughter to start for home, T j escorted Dorothy to the carriage. Tom .- following at some little distance behind ' with her father. The pressure of her soft palm still lingered in my hand when I went up to my room for the night. Once again, like muttered thunder in my ears, there rose the reiterated j phrase — ' Only his life— his life !' IL After a wild tossing about on uiy bed. harassed and feverish, at length I dozed oft*. Was it a dream I dreamed then— a horrible, torturing nightmare ? With all the strength that is in me, I pray tliat such a dream may never again fall to my lot In tbe dead of nigbt, I thought that an Invisible, irresistible energy clntched bold of me. impelling me. helpless ngninet Its mandates, to deeds full of darkness, ingratitude, and treachery. tn obedience to Its behests. I dreamed that I rose from my bed. stole furtively ?? Into my dressing-room, and there took Hie ugly kriss from its scabbard : I o*« Mnctly -recollect that I chuckled softly , —oh. the horror of it ! — as I saw the glint of Hie steel )n the moonlight. ' Then, I knew not how. I fnnnd myself gliding cautiously Into my ronsln's room, across the thick carpet to »he side of his bed. A swift, strong blow, deep into Jlis heart, and it was done ! A cry— hoarse end appalling -broke ?the stillness of the night and this it was, I suppose, that wakened me. | \\_ ' ? ' - I sat up In bed shuddering., Merciful powers ! it was no drea'in^^.Tite lomTv drawn wail of mortal agony still rang upon the air. It came from the adjoin ing room— that of my cousin Tom. A cold sweat pouring out all over me, I blindly crept into my dressiug-rooin and struck a light. -Yes, it was no dreain. The deadly krlssV- lying -bare and bloodstained on tbe little table con victed me. '?* ' ':- :Jz'- k& 1 snatched it up again, toygaze aghast at its gory edge, the muffled groan mice more struck upon niy *-ars. Still retaining the weapon in my; grasp, I darted out into the corridor. I saw the flicker of half-a-dozen candles, as. roused by the outcries, the inmates of the house hurried, panic stricken, to the spot. With the ap pearance of the lights, Tomxaised him self upon his elbow, ^stretched: his. arm towards me as if. ^^enunciation, .and then fell back— dead 1 'J '? \ .V. r :.\'-;- I have a dim vistoiKof pal^a, ? aSjed. faces around/jnae, looking at ine.,hSJi|; compassionates, haifeloathingiS'; -jS#a$:: the fearful 'sj^'Jri Tom's breastrjigguy which the bKSScLsUlI trickled ; abovevSljfe like a s^rJjtiin^yJnWory,' I recall tiKfi red-ting&te;^rW*' arjjimd.* which' 'nljj fingers .HftfnteheQ conVulsiveiv. . ? 'g WhciLfjugjgolIce &ua;%3 gazed at them;; blankJy/-tjnab'le to -t-eansfe the import ^of' their queries. I Veplfea to them, at hazard jjnddtiereritly— . . s-^ i ' Jsj ' His life I' I.mnrmurt*a' disjfiintedep ' I was in a dream.' SoninainbuIisniT I don't understand. A crime-rwha.,sara_ it was a crime ^'.?l* . 'j- -r . 'f: '^ The police. Uispeet»ft^ho^^ig:^eJ«fi pityiuglyjand tarneS^^pteSETO%oung* Radsou. ? ?' ?-.':v?S^' ? '^?SP::' :'£.£ ' Yes, yes,' said the- lieutenant. \Ftel-: eyident reluctance. ' It sounds' like'u ngnfcssiob. '' Hell go quietly. I've- no ddubt. -Til accompany you, too.' So they led me, dazed ana. impassive, away. In a vague kind of fashion . I knew that I was being taken to prison,' aud I nianagcd somewhat to rally my scattered faculties. There was no use in concealing the unconscious part I had played in this grim tragedy, and I unburdened uiy mind frankly. ' It's a terrible business,' said Hndsou, when I had finished. ' No. I don't blame you exactly. In that half-sleeping, half waking state, you were hardly respon sible for your actions. But it's a terrible —terrible business !' . He need not have told me that, for when I was left alone the'Tivid recog nition of my guilt wa6 morethau 1 could bear. The many instances in which I was indebted to my cousin, ?cauie to up braid me with the baseness of my in gratitude in ever countenancing an ill wish towards him. Aud in what w;\y would his death beneflt me now ? I could never be rich with his wenltli. nor possessed of his lands ; Dorothy, too, would execrate my name, aud hold my memory in deserved abhoreuce. Nothing remained for me but the ghastly farce of trial aud conviction ; beyond loomed the gauut, forbidding gallows. III. A man left aloue with such thoughts as mine tastes an earnest of death. The leaden hours passed slowly by, and al though I could not have been inside the gaol over five hours, it. seemed as many weeks to me before Lieutenant Radson returned. ' Phew !' lie said, eyeing me intently. '' You seem the ghost of yourself. You ought not to give way. like this.' ' Ought not?' I echoed, bitterly. ' Do you expect me to laugh and dance under my sin ?' 'Come, come ! it's not so bad as ~all that,' he added quickly. ' I've a ques tion or two to ask you. In the first place, why did y-m pitch me that tale about n gruesome dream V' ' What do you mean '?'' I cried ex citedly. ' Why this— that you no more killed your cousin than I did !' ' What ! Is Tom not dead 1' ' Unfortunately, yes. But you had no hand in causing his death. The real murderer has been found — wandering half-clad, aud raving mad. upon the moor.' ' The real murderer !' I repeated vacantly. ' Have no fear : he is in safe keeping now. He must have let himself out of the house immediately after the deed was done, still retaining, in spite of his undoubted insanity, a lurking notion of the uecesKity of flight. ' Of course, as soon as we missed him, the hue-and-cry was raised, with the result that he was discovered on the moor, as I have said, chattering to himself and chuckling over, his atrocity. He particularly gloats over his frenzied cunning in having secretly filched the Malay kriss from your room, and .in replacing it without disturbing you, after he had put it to the vile pur poses conceived by his crazed brain. Certainly, the poor fellow is not ac countable for his actions, yet his people are greatly to blame ? ' ' But,' I interposed hastily, '' yon have not told me who this madman is.' ' Why. ifs the man you knew away in Jaffa— Wallace Lewin. His friends were at once communicated with, and r brother of his reached Westfcolme s.i hour ago. Prom him I learned that Lewin has of late been somewhat erratic in his behaviour, the outcome* no.doubt,*! of the sunstroke he sustained a few months back in the Levant Ever since then he has bedn subject to periodic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of them ; certalnbjrtijflbody,; imagined that they would oulmintte, as they have done, in sy seizike offbaBil cidal mania. What impelledf him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than apon any one else, I can't understand, unless, indeed, it was for the reason I have already. .mentioned— the apparent ease 'with which Ttbe mur der could lie fathered' upon you. That; too, seems to be Mr. Gannan's theory .T. . , ' Ah ! Has Mr. Cannan been to the Towers ?' ' He came directly he heard of Tom's death. By the way, we were all at fault with regard to Tom and Mr. -3an- uan's daughter. I had a long talk with tbe old man, and, from what he said, f conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooth the path for you. Aware that her father would probably discounte nance any engagement between you aud his child, because of yonr nnsatisfac-. tory position financially, Tom— the mag nanimous fellow— even hinted at settling a substantial annuity upon you, on con dition that Mr. Cannon withdrew all obstacles. That expedient will now no louger be needed ; equally, of course, Miss Cannan knew nothing of these ponding negotiations.' ' And she V I murmured. ' Have you seen or heard anything of her ?' ' Only that she is in a state of anxiety -and indignation on account of your' arrest, nigh bordering on distraction.. Her father has gone to see about get ting you out of this infernal hole, and if \ might advise you, I would suggest that you drive straight to his house, and set her at rest. Hark.' added be, as foot steps drew near the cell door, ' here comes Mr. Cannan to carry yon off.'— ' Weekly Sun.' 