A Visit to "Laminffton.' A contemporary publishes an interesting account of a visit which one of its staff paid recently to Mr George Marner, at biB residence, "Lamington," Victoria-road, (Vic.) Upon arrival the visitor was received by Mr Marner himself, and had many noteworthy things to say concerning himself and daughter, which the energetic pressman soon turned into copy. "I thought I would lose my daughter Miss Alice,", said Mr Marner to the re- nothing for her." Hare Miss Marner entered and quickly told tow Dr Williams' Pink Pills h<d saved her from death and disaster. "I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school," said she. "I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, bat experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, aud he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was ao fear of mv disobeying this order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my Rhoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." "We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr Marner, "but it had no effect; thei. I consulted a well-known Collins street practitioner. He said my daugb ter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She wonld also retch on rising in the morning; an'y food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." "This time last year," said Miss Alice, -'I weighed 7sl 3lbs, now I am 9st 71 bs." ' "A great improvement; your treatment must have beeu, beneficial." "No; all the medicines I got did me very little gorvl. Actually, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People de serve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr Pleasance's, Chapel street, Prabran; they did me so much goed that 1 continued with" them. Itis a longtime since I discontinued taking them, and I ain now as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would recommend them." "Yes; and that strongly too," said Mr Marner; "Jwd I known of Dr Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." The tonio properties of Dr Williams' Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve the brain. They are a certain cure for indigestion, ailments arising from the beat, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, anaemia, sleeplessness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregularities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, etc. Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr Williams' Medicine Company, care Rocfce, Tompsitt, and Co., Flinders steeet, Melbourne, who will forward six boxes for 15s 3d, or one box for 2s 9d post free. Beware of poisonous imitations sold at greatly lower prices than the genuine pills. . Insist upon seeing the full name Williams' Pink Pills for Pale 'eople, on each box purchased. Imitations are dangerous. 