Political Freedom. We continue to hear a great deal about "freedom"; and front all that is said it is apparent that, in the minds of a good many persons, by "freedom" is meant that the other person should give way. Two sets of examples are given. A mob attends a duly advertised public meeting and refuses to allow certain persons to speak. We very properly brand that sort of thing as riotous disorder. Then we havo this"; tho Premier of the day writes to candidates and endeavours to prevail upon them to submit their case to him that he, not the electors, may determine which of them should stand for an electorate. Further, as Premier, lie attends public, meetings, sometimes thereby provoking riotous disorder, because electors resent his interference ; but, if listened to, lie promises all sorts of good things should the candidate favoured by him he re turned. His action amounts to an intima tion that should tho vote go against his man, the constituency will he so far disfranchised, that none of the good things promised by him may ho done during his administration. It is true that the Premier is the head of a party, but he is also head of the country. Sometimes he makes a declaration to that effect ; and in reply to these remarks it may he said that as a party man ho is going to do his best for all the country. That is exactly the watchword of the other side. But when Mr. Dickson goes to a meeting as a party leader, what becomes of the Premier ? We regard this sort of interference with the free dom of persons to offer themselves as candidates, and with tho right of electors not to have their choice of candidates interfered with, as a much graver, though a less offensive wrong, done to order nnd liberty. How can wo separate the two things ? An attempt is made by mere noise to prevent a speaker at a public mooting from being heard ; an attempt is made by the uso of soft sawder to draw candi dates from tho field; and then a further attempt is made to prevail upon electors to support tho candidate left in by the Premier's choice. These efforts, re the Moreton electorate, havo almost totally failed. One caudidate has been prevailed upon to withdraw. Ho never had the ghost of a chance. All appeals to the other candidates, who are made of better stuff, have been made almost in vain. At least they have been iiiado in vain to Mr. Camp bell, who has sufficient backbone not even to bo dictated to by the Premier. The other candidato wus not un willing to submit to the dccisiou of the Premier. Wc aro sorry that Mr. Lang went so far as that. It must have robbed him of a very great deal of public confi dence and respect. The idcaof Mr. Lang's surrendering to the Premier, or to any one else, save the electors, the question of who shall stand for the Moreton electo rate ! Mr. Campbell's isthe constitutional and honourable courso ; aud ho has won more confidence and esteem than ho ever before enjoyed, by his manly conduct. It should win the seat for him ; he is the sort of stuff out of which members of Parliament should ho made. Of what use will members ho who got in under the mighty protecting wing of tt Pre mier who may or may not ho in office for a year? We hope Alt'. Dickson will he ; but his present line of action tends to only one end. It is very likely that tho Premier finds himself hetweon tho deep sea and the othor person. Candidates pester him for his support, " You help mo at the polls, and I will help you in Parlia ment." But what will Mr. Dickson's tenure of office be worth, if hold uudor those conditions? We know of some votes lost to the party through his in terference last night at Woolloongabba. 