MELBOURNE. Tuesday, June 20 At the meeting of the Executive Council this afternoon the appointment of the Technical Commission on Education was confirmed. The first mooting of- the .com mission will bo held on Thursday, when the preliminary arrangements will be dealt with. The commission will, in the first Instance, take evidence on the question of the intro duction of technical leadline into Stale schools ami then work upward to ihe final question of the affiliation of mining schools with tho University* Authority was given at the meeting of the Executive Council this afternoon to the Public Service Re-classification Board to re port on numerous questions affecting the Public Service. - Amongst those will be ar rangements for tho annual leave and gazet ted holidays in the different deportments, tlio claim of letter-carriers to the exclusive right (under an old regulation) to promotion to the position of letter-sorters, the claims of postmasters and other officers to have the value of quarters reckoned in the computa tation of their pension, the re- appointment of persons, including those under tho De fence and Discipline Act whose services have been dispensed with on the gromid of re trenchment and temporary employes, and tho methods of regulating and controlling tho engagement and retention of such em ployes. Tho late Baby O’Callaghan is still in evi dence before tho public eye. To-day the un fortunate infant was in a way before two of tho most solemn courts of the State—one presided over by Mr. Justice A’Bcckott and the other by the city coroner. Tho coroner ia determined to find out tho name of the baby’s father, especially as he was able to give tho woman no less than £90 in cash to “adopt” it, but the woman in question won’t tell, and under committal for contempt has appealed to tile Supreme Court for protection. Already the request has been adjourned nearly a dozen times, lawyers having been brought into the case. This morning it was adjourned again. Mr. Justice A'Beckott was not prepared to accept the responsibility of determining, but referred to the Pull Court for decision on Thursday next. At tho Executive Council meeting this afternoon the Colac Shire Council was crea ted a Railway Construction Trust in connec tion with the Beach Forest fine authorised last session. Theatrical people have been much in vvidoncc at tho County Court during the last day or two, drawn there by on action arising out of the production of a panto mime at tho Alexandra Theatre. Mr. James Uro claimed £30 17s 6d for tho purchase and writing of music, conducting orchestra and law costs. Tho defendant, Mr. M. L. Raphael, paid £2 into court as sufficient to satisfy tho claims. Tho main defence was that the work charged for as original had been adopted by tho plaintiff from existing works. There was a g-od deal of conflict between tho parties, and tho conclusion at which Judge Johnston arrived was that the plaintiff had not proved his case. He there fore nonsuited him with costs. At tho annual meeting of tho China Inland Mission, held in Collins street Baptist Church to-night, profound sympathy was ex pressed with the Church Missionary Society on account of tho massacre of missionaries by a Chinese mob, just reported. Opinions were expressed that tho crime was duo to resentment felt by tho Chinese at tho inter ference of European powers. Amongst tho addresses delivered was one by Mrs. Howard Taylor, a missionary, who gave a loueliing account of her meeting seven years ago, >■ London, with the late Mrs. Phillips. She was then *. bright, beautiful girl, fresh from Cambridge. She went out to China nr.I there married the Rev. Mr. Phillips. The speaker contended that the sending of fe male missionaries to China was justified. The funeral of Inspector Flood, who was buried in the General cemetery to-day, was largely attended. Commissioner Chomlcy and Superintendents O’Callaghan and Brown were present, and tho pall- bearers wore In spector Sharp and Sub-Inspectors Irvine, M’Hugh, Conway, Hehir, Maloney, Waters and M'Gann. Tho Cabinet have, from their private re sources, contributed £50 to the unemployed fund. The Government have decided to vote £100 to Mr. Barnet Freedman, who lost his eye in trying to prevent Medor committing the Eastern Market murder. Clio Kong, a cabinet maker, was the vic tim of a brutal assault and robbery at the hands of two men in Bourko street, near Queen street, about 8 o’clock to-night. They hit him in the face, put a strangling hold on him and made off with his watch, after so seriously injuring him os tp necessitate hia removal to tho hospital. Husband Hunters Should Beware of the Widowers. —Mrs. Anna Rivers, an American lady, has begun an action for divorce fro?n her husband. Site claims that the ghost of her husband’s first wife infests the house and makes her miserable. It appears at niirhts, and frightens her so sho is unable to sleep. It comes near to her, and in dulges in paroxysms of weeping, and occa sionally it smashes tho furniture. Mrs. Rivers’s assertions were at first laughed it, but sho persisted in them, and upon being medically examined was declared to be sane. Apropos of the members of the police force injuring themselves for ulterior mo tives, a curious instance appears in tho re cords of the department. A constable ar rested a drunk down Richmond way, ducked him into the Yorra, dived in hiumclf, and then took his charge to the walchliouso, whore ho related a harrowing tale of splemVd courage and prompt action. Bub unfor tunately somebody had scon tho whole per formance, and reported it as it had actually occurred, so that-instead of getting ILo Hu mane Society’s medal, which he was after, the ingenious constable got tho sack. 