HOOLIGAN'S GHOST. " _ £ (By The Battleii). ; « I'm not afth'er likin' the thought of it at all," said Denis, removing his pipe from his lips, and gazing at the embers of the fire, his brow puckered, and one side of his mouth . listed . up— a sure sign' that he was cogitating deeply. '"Well, thin, ye re a blessid fool fer yer pains as ought ter be stackin' turf in the haggard, instid o' havin' the chanst of a fortin' thrown into yer hands," growled Mick, Btirring the fire viciously with a stick. Harry and Jack laughed their assent to Mick's blunt statement, and Denis protested feebly : " But it do seem like an insult ter the dead (may their sowls rest in glory) ter be diggin' away fer gold benayth thim, an' they restin' in consecrated ground. Us'en't Father Flynn say as how gold was the root of all evil." . " I don't care a thraneen what Father Flynn said, an' by the same token he must ha' bin mighty fond o' nourishin' the tree himself, seein' how he got all the sade uv it he cud from us," and Mick grinned. " Well, well, it's havin' your own way ye'll be, an' it's little use me talkin,' but I'm afeared there's no good'll come with it." "I'm o' the same way o' thinkin' if we happen ter peg outside the' gutter," said Mick, dryly. Denis shook his head dolorously, but said no more. Digging for gold in the cemetery had no fasci nation for him, though his mates had carefully shown him the course the gold must take from Johnson's rich claim on fche south to where it- appeared on the north. It was all very well for Harry and Jack — natives — no less. What- better could one expect from them ? He gazed furtively at Mick from Vvno cVlQflfO'V DVollVHWR "An' this is the same man," he thought, bitterly, "as nearly died with fright whin he heard the banshee howlin' the night long ago at home." But, sure, he was an onbelaver in the sowl av him. He quickly changed his mind whin he heard next mornin' that one o'" the Peep o' Day boys had fired at Fitzgerald's agent, an' had the misfortin' to wound the agent's dog. Though how a poor wounded cray- thur howlin' can be. the banshee cryin' gets over me intoirely." Harry rose from his log by 'the fire. - " We had better be moving over," he skid ; " it is 11 o'clock now, and we'll have to peg immediately after 12." ' < The others stood up and began Collecting, the pegs they bad cut Geady for use. Each brought a pick onrl aLnvol an tli at, the work nf dp. ed- ging might be performed as expedi tiously as possible. " I'll take my blankets with me," said Jack Dawson, a lanky Queens- lander, " and stay and watch the ground. You fellows can come back after we've pegged. That is," he added, with a sly chuckle, " un less Dinny, would like to stay and keep me company " ' But Denis only grunted, , The four men, bearing their pegs and tools, quickly covered the half- mile that lay"between their camp and the cemetery ; and, having reached it, a strange scene met their eyes.- Already a large crowd had assembled, and, here and there, fires, were burning brightly, the flickering flames of which cast fan tastic shadows from, the tall trees over the mounds of earth that covered those who had " gone be fore." But the crowd was company, and Denis, in some measure, cast off his superstitious fears, though, every now and then, he would peer in a scared manner over his shoulder at the sound of a long whip of bark scraping against the trunk of a tree. The mates had chosen the spot of ground they would peg on, the an nouncement being made that the cemetery reserve was to be thrown open, so they bad nothing to do but to wait patiently until the legal hour of pegging arrived. A mine whistle shrieked the hour. Two or three others swelled the discordant note, and immedi ately ensued such a sfltene as can only be enacted when the lust of gold moves men. Cursing miners were running about, apparently without object ; olvn iTTAitA -fl oc«V» in/v in f.ViA 1 1 crTi f. nf PIUAD WC1Q liaouiug AAA. vxv the fires, and the scraping of shovels could be heard amid the din as trenches were cut. One could al most have expected the grave mounds to be shaking from the laughter of those beneath. They at least had found that in the search for gold all is vanity. The men might as well have saved themselves their trouble, be cause when day broke it was found that the legal hour of pegging was not until half-past 2 in the after noon, and the same scene had to be gone over again, with the same accompaniment of oaths, and' in a fe.w cases, blows. The devil's brigade reaped a rich harvest a few days later in the crop of applications and objections that were the result of a thousand men pegging one hundred men's ground. At last the wearied warden gave his decisions., The successful appli cants went to drink their success in shypoo ; the unsuccessful ones ad journed to the same rendezvous, and found consolation in the same omni potent liquid. The four mates had been given legal possession of their ground. The only one who did hot look par ticularly cheerful was Denis Hooli gan. "Fly in' in the face of Provi dence," he muttered, and shook his head. " Arrah, fer God's sake, man, give it a spell," said Regan, scattering the salt impatiently over his pota- /ita i r J'.«« 1La4. toes. > lr ye re so aiearu m an tuau ye can stand out." "No, no, Mick," said Denis, " we're mates, an' I'll stick to ye. Who knows," he added, piously, "but what one man as attinds his duty may be the savin' o' the lot o' ye." ' Harry sniggered irreverently. "Ye may laugh, Murphy," said Denis, reproachfully, "ye're only an ignorant colonial, me poor boy ; but, mark my words, there'll be strange doin's in the cemetery yet." ' " There will right enough, Dinny," said Jack, rising and giving him a slap .On the back that made him cough for a minute, as he was in the act of swallowing his food. "We'll paint, the Feather crimson .after we strike the gutter. But now we may as well arrange the shifts." " Mick an' me'll go on day shift this week," said Dinny, hurriedly, when, he had recovered his breath, trying to put off the evil moment when he would be in the cemetery after dark as long as possible. . "All right, that much is settled," said Jack good naturedly, under standing his motives. As the mates knew their work, they wre down the forty odd feet to bottom before the week was out, and when the Saturday afternoon shift kuocked off, had already driven some fln'/p.n foAf nnrl tJho wash, which was of ratlier poor quality. Monday afternoon came, and Dinny and Mick proceeded to work. Dinny went below and worked till about 6 o'clock, when Mick called him to come up and spell. The sun was just setting when Dinny came up, and the moisture that he wiped from his brow was not altogether occasioned by the work below. He gazed about him, however, with some degree of comfort. There was Tom Smith on the. second brace from hini, and some yards further on there was another party working afternoon shift. His spirits began to revive under these evidences of human com panionship, and he viewed the short twilight deepening into darkness with a contempt almost as great as his former terror. His tranquillity " was of short duration. Presently from Smith's brace be heard the following col loquy : " Below !" " Hallo, there ? Chuck the dirt back for a bit, Jim. I'm going over to the camp to boil the billy and fix up a bit of tucker. I'll be back in an hour." " An hour ! Glory be to God, how can I stay here?" mentally ejaculated Dinny, The darkness was how intense. He conld no longer discern anyone about him, and the silence and the loneliness were intolerable. He leaned over the shaft. " Michael ! Below ! " he shouted. " On top ! What is it ?" cried Mick, coming out from the drive. " Is — is there any change yet ?" Some unintelligible mutterings- were borne up the shaft and carried away by the breeze, but . Dennis caught a strong word here and there, and he crossed himself fer vently. Was Mick mad to carry on like that at such a time and in such a place ? " Change be damned ! Have ye got nothing better to do, than to shout silly questions down the shaft?" " Oh, I only jist wanted to know," answered Dinny, quaveringly, glad to prolong the conversation in spite of Mick's anger. " I thought, may be, ye might have got on to some thing fresh." " Well,, well, well," crooned Mick, despairingly. " What's come over the man at all ? Is it frightened ye- are ? " he shouted contemptu ously. "Frightened! What would make frightened ?" said Door Denis. glancing nervously over his shoulder in the direction he knew the tomb stone to be. " I was thinkin', Mick," he went on in a wheedling tone, " that per haps I'd better go down and start 'to open out in the other end. It'll push the, work on," he added cunningly, " so I'll go over — no, I'll sing out to Casey — he'll' hear me from here, to pull me up at 8 o'clock." A fierce ejaculation from Mick below: "Divil blast ye " — Dinny crossed himself hurriedly — "stay where ye are, ye fool. It only wants half an hour to crib now." And shortly the quick blows of Mick's pick were heard as he tore angrily at the face. Dinny paced quickly about the dump. He tried to wmstie to Keep his courage up. He started " Finni- gan's Wake," but recollected him self, and pulled up shivering in the middle of a bar. " The minutes were dragging slowly. He kept his buck .towards the fenced enclosure tiat;-shnt off the graves. A dry limb fell from a tree close by, and beads of perspira tion gathered on his forehead at the uncanny sound. He pulled out his watch and looked at it. Twenty minutes to 8! Did ever time pass go slowly ? The watch was an old friend, and he did not like interfering with it, but " t-his wonst he would put it on 10 m i nutes. , He tab-ina nff the kev when he wao . > , , heard a yoicc come up the shaft sharply: " , " Denis, Denis ! Pull me up ; quick!" He stood shaking in every limb, and again the voice came in quicker and more terrified tones, as it seemed to Denis. Hi first impulse was to run, but bis sense of com radeship would not allow him . to desert his mate. " What is it, Mick," he shrieked. " It's here ! It's here ; staring at me from the face. Pull me up;! f ' and Denis thought there was a ter rible agony, in Mick's voice. " Are ye on ? " he gasped. " Right-o ; heaye upl" Round flew the handles, and surely never a man came up a shaft more speedily, than Mick did that night. When in a few moments he swung level with the brace logs, the dew of terror and exhaustion stood on Denis' brow; and his breath was coming in quick, terrified gasps. " Here it is !" shouted Mick, in agitated .tones, as he drew his foot from the loop and seated himself on the brace. Denis waited to hear no more. "Fly for. it, Mick — fly!" he screamed, and started running. Up against dumps — over logs and bushes he stumbled in his mad terror. He heard Mick shouting after him. but he did not stay to distinguish the words. He had done his duty by Mick, and the ghost could take the hindmost. Bang ! He collided against ; a wire fence, and was thrown on his back. Up again, and over the fence. Through the bush he tore breathless .and bleeding. " He, ha ! He, ha, haw !" a soli tary scared donkey laughed, and the weird sound lent an added speed to Dinny 's flying feet. At last he stumbled iiito the camp. Harry and Jack, were sitting by the fire. They started up anxiously as they noted his scared and woe-begone visage. " What's the matter ? Where's Mick?" they demanded. "The Ghost! the Ghost!" he sobbed, as he fell, in a heap on his bnnk; "Mick's comin' behind." And Mick ' did come a few. mmutes later, neither hurried nor breathless, and Denis started up in surprise. " Ye escaped it ? It lost ye, Mick ! " he said eagerly. / "Divil a lose," said Mick con temptuously. "There's ye're ghost for ye " throwing a yellow glisten ing object at his feet. And I only hope there's" a family of thim." » Hooligan's ghost turned the scale at 9oz. 14dwt. 