Burns' Anniversary Dinner at Northampton. — ~ — (FROM A COIIKESPONDENT.) Notwithstanding the unimportant opposition to'this celebration I am pleased to announce it as a brilliant success. j Between thirty and forty gentlemen sat down to dinner, including representatives from all parts of the British Isles and most of the colonies. Mr J. M. Thomson occupied the chair, and Mr Laing officiated as vice chairman. The chairman Was supported on the right by Mr S. Mitchell, member for the district, and Mr W. Burges, and on the leftjby Messrs Elliot and Ryan. Before the dinner was served, the Chairman welcomed the guests, and hoped they would enjoy themselves. Grace was then said by the Chairman in Scotch style, and again when the famous haggis was presented Mr Thomson gave Burns's address to'the haggis, " Great chieftain of the pud- *ding race." ' ; i An excellent dinner was served by Mrs Mitchell. The various items on the menu card fairly represented "The Land o* Cakes." \ Then came the toast-list, the first of which, " The Queen and members of the Royal Family," >yas loyally responded to. "The Army, Navy, and Reserve Forces, "a particularly important toast, was drunk with equal enthusiasm. . In proposing the latter, the Chairman said :—The deeds of our noble amy are written* in the bwdk of fame. We do not require to turn the leaves of that book to read of gallant deeds, some at Wateiloo, the Crimea, or -the Mutiny. We have only to look back a few months, which show that the gallant achievements in the history of our empire can be repeated, whether it be storming the heights of Dargai or on the burning s^nds 6f the ^udail.? True, we cannot boast'of a. Scotchman as commander-in-chief, but we have sun" Irishman, which is just as good, and wherever he commands us we shall faithfully obey. •' To our Nyavy, the ij'on wall of Britain's dominions, who are ready, aye ready! To our Reserve Forces, consisting of intelligence and loyalty, who are at all times in readiness co take up arms in defence of then* country." ; ,, ; Mr Edgar Mitchell then sang " The Soldiers of the Queen," and was heartily applauded. Another song by Mr James More, the oldest Scotchman in the district; who gave Burns's " Highland Mary." Then the principal toast of the evening came, " The immortal memory of Burns," by the Chairman. In proposing the immortal memory of Burn®, Mr Thomson said :•—Mr Croupier and gentlemen, it wil| be needless for me at this meeting, although I am not' sure, the first of- its kind held in the Victoria District of Western Australia^ for the purpose of celebrating the anniversary of the birth of Scotland's poet, Robbie Burns, to go far into details it is quite unnecessary. Although, no doubt, a few remarks principally touching upon his works will, I am certain, not be out of place. The life of Burns has been written over and over y again,^ scrutinized and criticised by eminent and distinguished writers, both at home and abroad, but not to any appreciable extent has the character and genius of this man been altered. The quaint, soul-stirring poetry of Burns—so dear to his countrymen — and although written in the Scottish dialect, has found its way into the ^libraries of most of our British subjects. Therefore, gentlemen, although we have but few Scotsmen present at this gathering, we know that we have others who take as great an interest in reading the works of our poet as any Scotsmen born. Relating to the birth of Burns, we are. told in verse that *' Our monarch's hindmost year but one, Was flve-and-twenty years begun, 'Twasthen a Was: andJanut' win' Blew handsel in on Robin." That is, he was born on January 25th, 1759\. In the midst of winter storms this gifted, but ill-fated genius saw the light of day. Born, we might say, of poor parentage, he was the oldest of a family of seven. Those were the days of supeistition, and the stories he listener!- to of ghosts, fairies, warlocks and witches, he tells us had imagina- 'which a Scottish prejudice into his veins, and undoubtedly he gave vent to his feelings by •WMinjSMfflkts"' Wlia '• hae," and other poedis of' a national character. His loyalty to his .country cannot be disputed ; for\ve ?re told that in the year'!Wdi.fj^|oiinil3t)theDumfriesvolunteers, he was ..then 36 years of age, au^ a song in "•' Does liati^lily (faul invasion throat, • •, , Ihe? Set tfaJyis ^beware, sir, • ThWihis wlJleH"walls'upon <lur sea?, And voluntas on shore, sir " It is saidjTthafttJie .locality .where .he was"brought up was of some advantage to him, this ' being near the town of Ayr, iHQiijSifct ^ne of the prettiest places in cScpfland, and they are not few. : Ayr, where Forest toon surpasses \ "tiptfbonriie lasses.' And closely associated with his birth place is ^toaJKato^, of Doon, so often mentioned" lipfms 1 works- Who has - not—it does not matter what part of Britain's dominions he mayjaelong to" —will not agree in saying that the simple words of Burns beginning with Ye banks and braes o* bonnie Doon, How can yc bloom sie fres'i and fair. "' • Hflf jt^jHMMf'at .ye little' birds,. Ana'liialrwSary fu of care." ' " And so on. with "his lines on the mouse, and the "Cotter's Saturday Night,'' do jwyjben represent the true feelings i»f «,Sawtl-hearted man. Weare told that like many others in life, he had many difficulties to contend against, bad times brought him disaster, and oftentimes little sympathy, and to that he attributed the composition of that D&gi; f";The Twa .Dogs." It" ^ hast -"wen Mdl Mt^he was always full of good resolution?, but 'disasters broke and I, believe to a very gi%a%JeSieat*' Avas the' cause -of certain excesses, but even so, one canfiot he, poiiypocrite. StraigliWocW*^ hS opiniohi. which oftentimes made him unpopular. his-J>wi| portrait add > If he drank to excess, or had the spleen, indignant or ^rateMyiii^ jf ^nkind, or, in revolt; tlM CMI^^We, and' the verse is always before the world to testify to it. His,love for women is given vent to in many - verses. * Among the first were " Like Posirpine gathering flowers," " Herself a fairer flower." The love he ha^^JKp^ flBghland Mary be: here'ts El 1^ "place'of bliesful rest ? Seest thou thy lover lowly laid,- Hear'st thou the groans that rend hi& breast And so on. Many more beautiful lines could be quoted. I am only going to add jiMfew BIVP sentences rdating is part ^Bfo cised extensiy<%^J by . the ich he speak^ s hslative to this subject. But who can blame a man for being an adorer of the fair feekl U4mteiPM> his ' verse ' be admits overstepping himself -*in . this •dired>iomf|^^tl^|fj|e have no sympathy. But on the face of it he was manly enough.>to own his faults. How many are there in life . even in the nineteenth ceptury, who are jas. great 'idmictif$fj| I^iaa&ts; no|leilJ ! Work, and perhaps more wicked even than he, but^' wh^ t^^ jiianly courage within them to acknowledge their faults. Attfe f^fBthor inclined by cant arid hypocrisy to judge the faults of others that are not so guilty as them - selves. In all his actions through life, he never forgot the spiritual part, and the woids he wrote while in distress are ^ ^ i ^ c ^ . I shall give O tliem-i- thou JP • €1 rwhat • thou art ^ : •. ' Yet sure I am at known to Tiiee Are a! ow. i Thy creature here before Thee stands, Ail wretched and distrest; Yet sure those ills that wring my soal Obey Thy high behest. Bat if I must affiictcd be To suit some wise design. Then man my soul with firm resoles To bear and not repine. Andrew Li wtlest critic, in speaking oi^B!^ poet and poetry, said that he climbed by a trodden way, pursuing the track of a predecessor. But his genifxp. ; like a forest fire, obliterated the traees of other and earlier footsteps (a great compliment indeed). He could not have bettered "Tam O'Shanter," or "The Jolly Beggars," or " Halloween.' 1 A man's work after all is what he could do. One fails to see how any change of worldly circumstances could have ^bettered the true works of Burns. (Loud applause). Another -song by Mr Lochhead, and then Mr Burges proposed " The Houses of Parliament." Mr Burges dealt witb matters generaUy, and considered thai system of government we had was too much of a " one-horse" style. He coupled this toast with the name of Mr Mitchell, who, in reply, said more support should be given to Sir John Forrest. In times of prosperity Sir John Forrest was reckoned the only man capable to deal with the government of 'W.A., and why not now ? The friends then were enemies now, but he was going t© stick to Sir John, although at the same time the Premier had done nothing as yet to "recompense him. The Chairman then recited " Tam o' Shanter," considered Burns's masterpiece. '„./'* Other toasts followed:— - "The Mining Industry," proposed by Mr Johnson, and replied to by Mr Gibson. "The Pastoral and Agricultural Industry," by Mr Varley, replied to by Messis Eliot and Hosken. With song arid sentiment one of the most enjoyable evenings was spent. A vote of tlianks to the Chairman was given, then came "Auld Lang Syne," and the meeting separated. 