wJi>AJiU-UimAautauLHa»j«inilVitiA,lMAR,aiwiuuu«gx' A ROGUE AND HIS "MONKEY." "It is a most extraordinary tiling, Mr. Soiomans. but tho £500 bank-note I put in- to the safo this morning lias disappeared. " "Sou don't say so, sir. Bear me. how unfortunate, and how unpleasant, au ..... Of course, tho keys have never left your possession oiuco you locked tho note up. "Never for a moment, Soiomans, said Mr. Itiohards, tho Manchester lawyer, as he regarded his mean-looking chief clerk with tho utmost perplexity from which suspicion was entirely absent. " It is quito bewilder ing. My duplieato set is at home. Besides, I do not sco how any tliief could get at tho safo in the daytime, when wo are all busy around it. The look does not appear to hove been tampered with, tho contents are un disturbed, but the note is gone. "Pardon me, sir, perhaps youncvorput it in there at all. Perhaps you will find it in your pocket-book all safe and sound. " Don't talk foolishness, .Soiomans," cried his employer crossly. Nevertheless ho drew out his wallet and examined its eontonts with great deliberation. Ho searched all hiB pockets, and turned out his private desk. " Tusk !" ho exclaimed, "what an ass I am ! Don't I know quite well that I placed it carefully in one of tho drawers of tho safe, and nowhere else ?" "Uinph!" Tlio clerk ran tho tip of his penholder through his fluffy hair and looked dreadfully concerned on his employer's account. " Let's take out tho drawer," said he witli an air of inspiration, " and see if tho note has slipped behind it." This was done, and tho interior of tho-safe taken to pieces as fax as was possible; every nook and corner of tho office was cleared out, but tho missing " monkey " — to adopt the phraseology of " Captain-Coo" — was not to bo discovered. " It is a mystery," said tho solicitor gloom ily, as he sat down exhausted by his exer tions; " and I would nothavo it oecurin this 0 iics for double tho money.' ' Of course you have the number of tho note ?' queried Soiomans eagerly. " Just so. Well, we must stop it at once, and — would you like me to call in tho police, sir ?" " Cortainly not," returned Mr. Itiohards sharply. " I do not for an instant suspect any ono here. Wo must, of oourso, give in formation to tho authorities. But I do not wish to have any fuss-mado. It does not do a lawyer any good for his clients to hear that he has been robbed, or-so careless as-to loose a valuable-document. ' ' " Well, sir, I shan't feel comfortable or happy till we find ont what has becomoof it. Why, it is for all tho world like a.bitof magic." " It is beyond ray comprebonsion. But get on with those costs in the Siinmonds matter. 1 should like him to have the account in to morrow." Mr. Richards forgot — or perhaps ignored is the better word in tho connection — tho fact that after returning to the office from bis lunch ho invariably foil asleop in Iris chair for a.good 20 minutes. It was a mild form of mania with him to Btoutly deny that he over did anything of tliekind. This practice was, of course,- well known to Solo- mans, and on tho day in question, finding himself alone in tho otiico for a few moments lie had made himself pussessor of tho uncon scious man's keys. Liko a flash he opened, the safe, secured tho note, made all again secure, and slippod the bunch back into tho pocket where tho attorney always carried it. In the privacy of his own apartment that night Soiomans produced the crisp note from where he had most cunningly hid it about his person. "You're a beauty," said ho, as he flat tened it out, " but gold is bettor looking, and gold you will liavo to bo turned into my pretty ono wbon tbo right time comes. You must go to the races, for it is only on tlio busy courso that yon can-be changed with safety." lie -placed it in a small, tightly- fitting tin box. This ho wrapped in several torus of oil-skin. Tlio whole he dropped into a shallow tank, which stood on a ledge just outsido his own window. " Now, tho bobbies can come and search hero till they aro blind. Tlioy will never think of looking into our cistern for a bank note," complacently inuscd ho, as ho made himself " fetching " for his cvoning prom enade at the Gaiety. Soiomans allowed a little time to pass before " lotting hiB monkey bavo a climb for its money," as bo termed it. In the meanwhile he had become confidential with a couplo of sporting mechanics who very ranch preferred to play for something than to work for it. It is a fancy not by any means confined to one class oi' tho social sealo. " Look here," said ho ono evening to this pair, Swale and Muggins by names, " if yon two liko to go to tho races to-morrow I can put you on' to two good things, and if you smash a £500 note for mo witli any of tho bookmakers you shall liavo 50 quid a-picce. Lor bless you! tlio big bookies don't think anvtbing. of changing what they call a monkey.'' You had best bo well togged, you know, and put on a nice froo and independent, air. Slum's tho word, and whou you got tho " stuff," hold it firm. Tho commission delighted Swale and Huggins imbibed with now and alarming gnsto at tho prospect of it. Naturally enough tho first bookmaker they attompted to negotiate with was a notorious welcher. Ko tool: tho measure of his men at- ouee. Ho mpped off his chair, joined them, and drew them away from tho crowd. " Wlint do you think I am mado of ?" demanded lie. " Butty, mud, or ton leaves ? If I'd 500 shiners in my kick I should not liavo been on that perch. Look hero. Have you any ready ? A couple of quid will tako us into tho enalosure. Ouco there I'll put a bit on for you with one of tho loviathaus,and lie'll smnsli tlio noto for us liko a bird." Tho noccsBary funds woro scraped to gether among them. Onoo insido, tho wolshor criod, " Ah, tlioro's the red- hot 'un! I'll do tho bis with him." Ho mado a hot of £5 with this prominent member of Tattersnll's ririg, and returned to tho two workmen with £495 in change, which ho hnnded to Swnlo. Tlio three were now hand in glovo for tho day. Tho strungor in troduced his new acquaintances to his old friends, who sliowod a robust dosiro to mako vory froo with tlieui and their belongings. At last, and just before tho final raca, they raised a cry of " wolchors " against Swale and Huggins, who aftor being stripped and " tcemod " — that is, turned on their heads until not a fraction remained about tlicni — were ho cruelly used that it did not seem likely tlioy would over again soo Munchoater. Aftor a little, liowovor. tlioy did manago to roach homo, where Soiomans, white with anxiety, was cugcriy looking for them, and tlio produce of " tho monkey's climb." Tbo tale tlioy had to toll mado him both sick and wrathful. It was in his heart to treat them to a volley of astonishing adjectives, but ho nuriouiborcd that, after all, ho was in their power, and must grin and bear this collapse of bis grand schomcs. " "ho only thing wo can do now is to keep it dark," said ho. " Don't either of yoji, on 3V»y wwount, lot on that I over gave you a Wsukey' to change." shall ha careful enough." ronlied aMuaujMiuLJii-LiJjaijun'iunjui-JiLaj.itai'iiiyiiiw-nBi.'Aivf-jr"- Swalo sullonly, " but I reckon wo havo got blows and bruises just in trying to do your bit of business for yon, and you'll have to keep us going till wo are fit for work again." Soiomans remonstrated and raved, all to no purpose. Tho blackmailing pair wont away witli a sovereign each for immediate needs, and they promised to soon repeat their calls on himself and his exchequer. Tlio bookmaker who liad changed the ill- gotten note soon had information that it was stopped, bnt ho had no difficulty in putting tlio police on to the wolshor from whom he had received it. This worthy, in his turn, told his tale, and the authorities kept him for many days journeyingabout tho highways and slums of Manchester in tho hope that ho might meet with and identify Swale or Hog gins, or both.. Curiously enough, Fate preserved the mechanics from being seen by tlio one in search of them. Often they woro closo to one another; twice they wore all drinking in tho same spirit vaults, and yot never came face to face. The news that tho authorities were on tlio track of his money of courso- reacliod.Mr. Richards, and ho began to hope that-at last the mystery of its disappearance would be cleared. Soiomans also heard tho tidings and ho was thrown into a series of cold sweats. Ho was in abjoct terror for his liberty. He decided that tbcrc was no course ho safe for him as flight. But he would not .go cmply-lmnded. Tho mere temporary possession of that " monkey " — which he now anathematised -with much-increased vigour — had whetted his greed for more. His avarice was after all keener than his des perate fear. He would make-one more bril liant coup and then vanish-from the legal -circles of Manchester and of England for ever. His rather elaborate plans required a few days to perfect, and he was in a state of the most awful dread all tho time. Mr. Ilicb ards was in London, and having tbo coast clear Soiomans, looking as bold as brass and as innocent as butter, called on tho manager \- of his- omploycr's bank. He was well-known to tho-gcntleman, being really a more fre quent visitorto the establishment than the iawyer himself. He- explained that Mr. Richards was out of town, and that tlioy had a settlement for a cliont on tho following morning ovor somo house property, tho amount required being £1,500. He bad just learned that this client would not be able to arrive with the capital qnite in time. Fearing some sncli contin gency, Mr. Richards before going away had left his lifo policy and other securities, with full authorisations for Mr. Soiomans to pledge them witli tlio bank for the loan of tho sum named for a few days. They had done such things for Mr. Rich ards before. Tho documents seemed to bo in perfect order. With hardly any hesitation the manager told tho cashier to hand ovor to Soiomans £1,500. Tho little rascal would much have liked to havo taken it all in gold, but he feared such a request might at the final moment excite suspicion and bring him onco more to grief. Still, he-got tho bulk in specie and tho rest in notes- of £20. Onco outside tlio bank with his plunder safo his sangfroid deserted him. His faeo broke out into a rasb,and lie could only think of ono thing, and it was how to get away quick enough. Hoping to steady himself with brandy, ho turned into the first tavern he reached, and tliero he came upon Swale and Huggins. " Hullo i " cried tho latter, " we was just agoing to give you a reminder. Why, what's the matter witli you? Havo you got the -fever, or havo you seen a ghost? " " Neither. You both take my advice and got out of Manchester as quick as you can. If you stay here you are sure to bo recog nised, and there will be trouble. Go to Lon don — go anywhere. Here's money for you. It'stho last, and the best you'll over get from me." To their delight and amazement, ho handed them four notes of £20 each. "Those are all right," declared he. " I havo only just received thorn over tlio bank counter. MynamoisWalkcr," he concluded, hurriedly, " you won't seo mo again " " Why can't wo all three go togother? " cried Swale, who smelt more monoy from whore tho now twonty-pounders hod coma. "You must bp mad!" was Soloman's withering reply, and straightway ho dis appeared from tlio place. An unlooked-for matter called Mr. Richards back to Manchester that afternoon, and it also took him to the bank. A briof conversation with him showed the manager that the policy and tho other documents on which £1,500 had been advanced wore worthless forgeries — excellent specimens of tho nefarious art, but as securities valueless. There was a greater demand for tho plaus- ililo Mr. Soiomans that night than had over before been tlio ease. All over tho country tho polico kept a hot and on activo look out for liim. Mr. Huggins rccoived a visit from tho same inquiring gentry as ho was rioting in a tripe supper with friends who wore not of his own family. Earlier in tho evening ho had changed ono of the twenty-pound notes in a tavern, saying that ho had just received tho insurance monoy on his wifo's death. On making a search at his lodgings a twonty-pound note was found in tho chim ney, and as much in loose cash in u drawer. Then Swale was captured, and tlio wolshor identified them as being the gents who had come to him on the racecourse desirous of changing " a monkey." Soiomans was arrested just as ho was about to stop on board an Atlantic liner disguised as an old woman, a character his features Baited vory woll. The oddest thing perhaps about this queer case is thnt the little rogue only got eighteen months' imprisonment, whilo Huggins and Swale were sentenced to six and four each respectively. " Quite enough for a blooming monkey, too," Soiomans protests to this very day. 