COE06JKSPOK303SHCOSL Answers to Questions. Notice.— Pastoral, Agricultural, and Veterinary Ques tions are answered in the Agricultural Columns. Questions relating to sporting matters receive attention in the Sport ing Columns. ? G.E.T.— See fishing column. A.B. — Does not quite suit us. T* _ fWnst. ?p.nirnnV— Tho ni»rpn;*o nf t.tifi flimrratn fifiperihed in your letter is 623 acres 2 roods and 24 perches. A.H.L. (Narrabrj) — The acreage of the piece of land is 186 acre3 1 rood and SJ perches (nearly). Ivanhoe (Western District). — Ths contents of your ex cavation is 145 cubic yard within a fraction. Canonbar (Warren).— The contents of the tank is 3904£ cubic yards nearly. Quinambo.— Write to the Crown Law Department. The information you seek can Hardly be given in our an swers. Of course an examination will be necessary. W.U. (Manilla).— You can get a good rain gauge for Ts 6d at Lassetter's. This will be more reliable than, and as cheap as, a self-made one. The latter, as a rule, cannot be depenled upon. Shorthand.— A fair speed for junior shorthand writers is from 120 *to 140 words por minute ; seniors from 150 to 180 words per minute. Some attain to even greater skill than this. WaUaby. — The proportions are :— One part of Quibell's eheep-dip to 50 parts of waier. This is for mange, fleas, lice, &c;, in dogs. The solution should be well rubbed in with a brush or sponge. It does not hurt the eyes of the dog. E.E.E. (Alice River, Q.).— The black wax used by boot mukei's is not made here, but imported direct, and its composition we could not get. But you might try the following recipe : Put 2oz. black rccin m a glazed pip tin, and melt it on a gentle fire, add 3uz. beeswax and |oz. fine lamp black. Stir them till thoroughly mixed and cool. Employer asks :— ' How many days should an employer pay his men during the month of July, they working for weekly wages ? Should he include Sundays ? ' An em ployer should pay for 26 working days, or four weeks and two days. Sunday w not reckoned a working day unless by special arrangement. Witness.— A witness to a will cannot interfere in the slightest degree with the will, either before or after the death of the testator. The office of the two witnesses to a will is merely to witness (in each other's presence) the signature by the testator, and it is not even necessary that they should know the contents of the will. They merely witness a signature. ^ C.H. (Asbfleld).— In the case of a weekly tenant the iaad lord can distrain the day after the rent has become due. There is no £20 limit. Certain articles, such as sewing machines, typewriters, mangles, and ordinary wearing apparel, oa.ar.ot be sold for reut, You snould endeavour to compromise with your landlord, who is clearly master of the situation. L.H.J. (Tuuiut). -1. The fares from Sydney to Fremantle (for Perth) are : Saloon return, £14; steerage, £4 each way. From Melbourne : Saloon return, £12 ; steerage, £3 each way. 2. The journey from Sydney takes about 12 days. 3. The steamers run from Sydney weekly. 4. The Australasian United Steam Navigation Company. Limited, Sydney or Melbourne. W.S. (Hill Top).— The huneward runs of the P. and O. and Orient lice of steamers are not recorded by the com panies here specially. They simply note tjie days of de parture and days of arrivals, the latter taKen from the cable advice. It is probable, however, that the fastest time hiis been made by the P. and O. Himalaya, which landed the English mails in Sydney in 29 days and was in port here herself in 36 days from London. . Eousepainter (EastMsitland).— 1. One 28lb. tia of white lead ; one two gallon drams of boiled oil ; about half a pint of turps. Mix according to your own judgment. 2\. Boiled oil is best for outside work. 3. To get sand stone colour, mix in white paint red and yellow ochre in the proportion of eight parts of white paint to one each of the yellow and rea. Eight pounds of white paint and lib. each of the others will make a very useful quantity. Sans Souci.— Your petition must first be filed and the suit will be heard after all necessary steps have been taken. The time of heaving1 will depend on whether the suit is defended or not. You had better proceed in forma, pauperis. State your csse to the Registrar of the Di ' vorce Court, who -will, if he thinks the case a proper one, give you a certificate, when you will be allowed to proceed on making an affidavit as to your lack oi means. The officers of the court will Rive yon every assistance in preparing- the necessary papers. W.H.C.— 1. When the stalk on which the mellon grows is -withered close to the fruit, the melon is ripe. 2. Holdsworth, il'Pherson, and Co., George-street, Sydney. 3\. Plane the pine to a smooth surface, then use pumice stone vigorously, and assist it with sweet oil. Without special machinery for polishing the operation requires a lot of elbow grease. 4, Thoroughly clean thecodfi»h; splft it down the centre, sprinkle with best salt and gentle r.b it in. Then close up the halves of the fish, and keep it til? it is required for the table* Politician.—!. The name' Reid'* means reason. Reid, Eeddie, (M') Credie, Bead, Katte, Radetzky (Marshall), _a*a- counsellors all, who rendered ratio, reason. Hundred means hand rode, also Eeichs-rath. Toe Scandinavians call rath (an assembly where you rendered your reasons) a Thing (meeting where what you thinfc is told) . A sort of primitive M.P., a member of the Thing, is similar to the French parlor, parlior— speaker, one who parleys. Eeid— reason, a counsellor, it pives the reason on the hand. 2. Carruthers means red castle or fort, equal to Baffiin. Brand.— He branding blankets and bedding indelibly, all woollen goods should be marked by using a different coloured yarn to the blankets, &c.; It is best to uee a needle and, as it were, to sew the mark right through, the piece. Woollen goods have loose, fluffy exteriors, on which, if the brand be stamped, it only rests on the top of the fabric, and can be easily clipped off. For branding cotton or linen goods the easiest and safest plan is to use ' jetoline,' which only requires the use of the- pen, all heating and stamping being done away with. Norseman (W.A.).— Iftbere is a reliable medical man in your district put yourself in his hands. Tfce only treat ment likely t- succeed is as follows :— Cold baths, vigor ous rubbing near the part-«, swimming, other reasonable exercise, and nerve and stomach tonics. Lead a perfectly bea'.thy life, and if possible keep out of doors. We pre sume that bathing is not always attainable at Norseman, and swimming is probably out of the question. The next best thing is to use as much cold water as possible, with sponging and robbing with coarse towels. However, the best plan of all is to go to the local doctor. Fisherman.— Soused fish : Cut tour fish into two or three pieces, according to its size ; lay it on a piedish and nearly cover it with vinegar. Add bay leaves, a chilli, some whole pepper, some salt, and a small bit of butter the size of a walnut. Cover it with a plate or dish, and cook in a moderate oven for one hour or so. Let it re main till cold. F_h that has been boiled and has re mained cold can also fce used in much the same way by picking it all off the bones, taking care not to break , it up in doing bo; nearly cover with vinegar ; add the same flavouring, _c, and put in the oven for a quarter of an hour on so, and let it stand till cold. Legacy asks :— ' A 'man (deceased) was insured for £100. Can bis creditors participate in this, or can his wife and children claim it ? He died without making a will.' A policy of two years' duration is protected, to the ex tent of £200 ; a policy of five years' duration to the ex tent of £500 ; a palicy of seven years' duration to the extent of £1000 ; and a policy of 10 years' duration to the extent of £2000. The policy must have been effected by the deceased on bis own life, bona-ftde. Miner (Tuena).— 1. Your best plan is to write to any of the booksellers for Nesbitt's Mensuration.' This will . save you a deal of trouble in. ibe future. The price of . ' the work is Ssjfld. 2. To destroy flies in a house is no easy matter, out the following recipes are simple and in expensive. Pat an equal quantity of rasped quassia chips and sugar ©n a plate or saucer and pour boiling water over the mixture. Another is to nut an equal quantity of ground black pepper and sugar, diluted with double the quantity of milk, on a plate. There are other receipts for poisoning flies, such as arsenic, laudanum, &e.;, but we would not recommend them in a place where children can get at them. Clontarf.— On 1S9i March, 1868. the Duke of Edinburgh (Prince Alfred) was shot at Clontarf, Middle Harbour, near Sydney. O'Farrell; the intended assassin, who shot the prince, was executed for the offeuce on 2Ut April, 1898\. The origin of the ' Kiama Ghost ' or mystery was as follows : Fenianism was rife at that time. Shortly after the attempted assassination of Prince Alfred, Sir Henry Farkes (then Mr. Parkes), when delivering a speech at Kiama, insinuated or asseverated that there was an extensive Fenian plot against the British throne, of which he was aware, but the particulars of which £ could not be divulged. Nothing evercime of the matter, but Sir Henry was subsequently twitted in the House respecting the ' Eiataa Ghost,' as a facetious member termed this plot. cv-' M.F.— ? Lightens tanning is as follows^— Over two quarts of bran pour five or six quarts of boiling water, then strain ; make about an equal quantity of salt water by putting into water blood -warm as much salt as will dissolve. Mis the bran and salt water, and to each gallon of mixture, when so more than lukewarm, add loz. of sulphuric acid ; then immerse the skins, stirring them occasionally until tanned. Opossum skins will tan in 20 minutes ; sheep, kangaroo, and wallaby skins in from 40 to 60 minutes ; the larger skins in proportion. When tanned, rinse in water, and hang out in a shady place to dvy. By sufficient pulling, they can be worked quite white. The skins, if d;y, should be soaked in water before tanning until they are quite soft, and all flesh and grease well cleansed from them. Alpha.— With regard to authorship of the lines quoted in your letter a week or two ago, as follow :— '? Thus on my bob-toiled nag I go at my eaBe, E'ea as far as Tarentum, if you please,' they are evidently a translation of a couple of the lines of one of Hora - e's satires. You will find the lines (of course in Latin) in the L04th and following lines of the seventh satire, first book (Cambridge, Greek, and Latin texts), page 123. The lines in the original are as follow :— ?? Nune niihi curto Ire licet mulo vel si libei usque Tarentum, Hantica cui luinbos oaere ulceret atque equ;s armos ; Gbjiciet nemo sordes mihi quas tibi, Tilli, Cum Tiburte viaprsetorem quinque sequuntur Te pueri lasanum portantes cenophorunique.' 