tue'iiiordi'nate desii-e of. the unblaph- " Tng Tewksbdby to obtain tlie control ' 'of the -election of a Mayof/ needs .no ' demonstration. Still wc'shall intrude ; "a few words. Ousted' by the Supreme' "Court and therefore' unable to, do ,th;ei -yladi-da" business' of the tbwri," which 'ihe:-Indepefident \vas so loud to prd- . .-claim he wouldi-'his- reriidfse "has been :":great, and notwithstarirlirig c'isqualifica- i". tion, TEWksBuiiY( litis' fun after every h-Visitor and publiri mint that "has come to town, 'in order, to. have- the -vain glory of being called Mayor ..at public " meetings; ./arid,,'.' ivhich'' ho-- -.seems-;, to"/ have deluded tliein into believing T,e was, ' and" -he ."was too'piiVile' and waptirig. -in ; sense; -to' ; cliscliiiiril'' .but 'smiled with frantic; delight ; when dubbed publicly by Trefle and others <jf tho ilk Aur Mayor/ V Oh l. .what' con tempt has the . impudence'-' of ''this creature drowned Temora in. Now we have the Independent, with brazen faced effrontery/on Wednesday last in \- a leading articleleadirig indeedfTriiriy be for want of- . another-— declaring . that -(the .TBBfPjNNBLTY\7Hand . 'their irub'icile hcnchrnan of course) fearing that a deliberate attempt would be made to deprive the Council Ui Ui iu.li.yui iui. IHU (.clJlcl/lllllUl U1 v-v UliO ' .year, the Council Clerk (?) took . the., necessary "steps' to appoint a chair man to preside at the meeting called for 'the "election of Mayor." Yes, truly ithe Council Qlerk /was. made a/catspa\y; 'of, no doubt under pressure to go to \- ' Sydney in the /-matter, nnd by some '-now renowned peculiar representations, "which have duly been exploded in the atmosphere-of the auJibpriticE, '/.Tewks- buky was .put above the six - Aldermen hen 'duly the representatives of the ratepayers, which the SupremevQouft ; had declared Tewicsbuhy was ribl to- preside at an election of a Mayor. Aldermatf ;&1gG5-l'l, -however, rif The Aldermen ivas :the only one ..who. had the self-respect to resist the insult thus heaped .pn .th.6 Aldermen _ and rate-., payeirs 'of tlfe : Borough by absenting himself from the " meeting. - The re-- suit now is in evidence. The authori ties have considered the matter and the only Tewksbury has .been shunted,- But again- smarting. urider';the Jash' of. . disappointment, the redoubtable clique has made another move, and that with cruel disregard ;qf \thri-,- people!, "whose labour they have obtained by a pro- inisq - of.. payment therefore Tlie two municipals of the Council, Stewart, and Nicholson, studiously absented tnemselves irom every meeting., ox .the; Council until the scheme had heen brought about- of making" tfewksbury' presiding oftlcer-as aforesoid 'iri connec tion with the(_ elecfiop ,vof. Mayor hut : wheri that had he?n effected, The. Ayilr ling, obedient' Stewart and Nichol son attended .at the meeting of the Council, which was to have heen under ; such presidency. But alivo to the" treacherous and contemptible' conduct of the notorious crowd of self-seeker's that would have wrenched everything- from the people for their- own agrandise- ment, Alderman McGill defeated the inevitable crilamity that would have en sued to tho town and district by assort ing that integrityof purposfi due to the occasion, and; which,- his rights and that of the ratepayers demanded. The climax .then- came of- this last emin- ation bf folly — when the disappointeds, who had erroriibusly' been - Instructed with municipal matters were again in the- ditch, 'and the, only way- -to the vision of the Independent :of covering the. frivolity was to throw dust into the eyes of the ratepayers in its said article by the assertion that;.'! Alder-;, man McGill again absented, liuriself," leaving the Council ' \viLliout a .quprjirri,'':iind the hvdepmdtnt is forced ' to/confess to tho scheriie' 'that was in tended to deceive tho authorities and the Council. It says " Aldermen ; Hickey and NicholsonV came forward-i lapd tendered 'their resignation, so that there would he no quorum, and thus enable the Governor to appoint a Re turning 'Officer under Sectibn 73; of .'the Municipalities '' Act." "Wffiat fertility of treachery have these indi-, viduais, and what can be said in ex- rtenuatibrr of their impertinent obtru sions. After their sending of an envoy in the person of that wonderful Don nelly .tp induce Alderman Penrose (whom the Tewkesbury- Donnelly party have studiously boycotted since his advent to . the. Council)- to resign- Qyiih -a promise that --the"- £25 penalty' /would never ;'bo;ierifbrced' against him (impliedly- admitting that .they Had.- control over all.infpi- rherjs)The;/iicZcy)isn-, denjfi with a'.; characteristic; diowl, im-; ploi'es the wi'oiigdd'-'.' ratepayers and" workmen who -have been, deprived : of . tlieir eariiings-not'to. proceed; against.; the pitiablo Nicholson for the £25 -penalty,- wliicli. he lias rendered liihi- self ,. liable for .,bys.Ahis /, resignatipn.,7 $hus- the cliara,o|eri.bj| thp;inortals whb" would rule this town . shines forth as- the' sun; " through the medium of the . wonder|ul. -. f\nd, ; .enlightening''. . Terriofa TenrtamnmjJaMt. mif. . witn fnn pain of their shame the birth of another astounding manouvre has comc. It was this : The two aldermen resigning /bringing About thereby a no- quorii rri of -.the Council tho -diplomacy of 'tlie ; Henry Laker of. .the > Borough Was again in requisition and .under escort of Tewkesbury to the railway station has x-epaired . to. .Sydney, and . the Tewkesbury ---Donnelly party are consoled with the . vain -.hope; . that " llattereth the heart of a fool," that they- may -.'yet usurp the position that had . been .so unfortunately lost /by/therii, 'and 'that- they "will" have the control .of the town and.be the " I ams " tiherebf,' with ' Tewksbury to. .." toff'' at' social gatherings ' arid meetings. Disappointment again looms as the result, such a preposteroiis contraven-; tion of 'the law is in the circumstances impossible, ' hut there lias been ono- more oppression, that is tho working, men that have worked for the Council; are in4 hopeless posijtioiiiaS :;; regards ;'gettirigkpayrrient foriTheiC; AVprj|vjg and ' :.tho ii'nbicile'iv.ho ha ve heeiitTllhi|stru- ijphllbii i|»utrage,'addlhpiper ! called Independent (?) would poso as ! representatives of public opinion, tut t: uly.-wesay of injustice have the im- .not'hrfnriW'unnrl r' inMnriiifiniT fn tinL<A oo jnartyi-s .hi connection with our - extra ordinary Municipal ; .iris'titutiQrij -'arid tho ghosts of tho law costs of last year are given; in another gai-b/to tliat end. . There's' a-cliiel oAp'rig ye taiiin' notes, An' faith he'll piint-'eui." On .Hiehey ! Hickey ! ! Hickey ! ! ! How often would friends have gathered thee under their wings, hut thou woulds't not. Tantalus who was con- demn.e.d (t die of thirst, is suggestive. As;- tlie water flowed to within his mouth's reach, and he bent his head to drinlfyityffiowei'fwayL. The -mayoral chair, was within, thy reach, hut when thou'mayost nave partaken, by .thine .oiyp act, -it-has,, flowed .-away, ..a'rid; -left- thee to die politically as one, who being distrusted for the' chair by the disap pointed crowd tho.u dids't.join, because thou dids't think they were to be the all powerful. , Thoy have; beguiled. thee, andliave fid 'them of thee,- thou 'hast resigned and politically died. The irieii thou" and they induced. ..to. do work,. are; Ihopeiessly left' unpaid, fop ye lot have first by keeping away from the Council meetings, broken up the six that could have put the Borough on' foot again," arid yo have deprived ..luo .nuiKuio ui uicau ui wmui tu uu-u V' "1+ - The iS7ai%a.tfew issuas back'pointed; out' that the filliiiig tpe.chaif:lari..headr» Aldermen McGill and Francis Hickey. yhe issue had come, and as in the order of things iliclKoy would 'have been' in command ,of- throo- -votes yjind.-.McGilh two, .tho cliair was his. Tffiere .jio, 'doubt was. treachery-, someM'liere,' hence by 1 some side; issuo; Tewkesbury got. an appointment, from tho authori ties that ,put him abo.ve the six aldermen in Council, -. and. gave liim- a casting' vote that' ' would, liaye set the -'Supreme Court v at - nought. The, peculiar appointment appears to have now been .revoked, and,- frothy. Tewksbury. is. as- the -Supreme-- Court put him. : t : 71 i.. What sort of men were. Stew art, : Hickey and Nicholson to sub mit to tho declared indignity - that thoy were not fit to be trusted with tho home rule tho Municipalities Act afforded? ' Were .t-Iiey so.- lost to decenci' and shame," or were they so fettered that they could not resent -the palpable insult which the Governor doubtless unconsciously thrustr at theui- ""and tho people -of this town, but in sex- cuse jfdr-him lt/is well known -now that the Governor was. misled .if not grossly -deceived. - . : r « - ; -v » . i , -f -'' An iridividual soliloquished-in Hos-' kins-street on TuesdayriiglitASiifteh leading /the/ .?Ntor;--iGha'riictefistic %Walsl7Coghlan, aiderman Stewart, and The -'redoubtable Jack the bellman —Yes, and the secreted ; " Faker " Trefle was to, the .pear.-im (extraordin- ary .. . -«- " " '" . In the-Council Chairihefs on BIb'nday; night, there was a gabheti'rig of ladies whose meeting ' was' for 'the fqririation- of a Benevolent Societyi'-The cgrivenor -. was not to' the van, 'and was by some legerdemain extinguished from ttfe posi tion that he ought'tb'have. been -balled upon to occupy in expTanatiori, at ariy1 fate' rif the reason for the meeting. The - Treffe idol that was by that prophet' to preside at all gatherings after the 12 fcli- of February last, „ had faked things. am slfeiiGLvth undef ed- :iri' to -the -rileet- ; ing accompanied by a man named Don-' nelly, rushed to that empty' mayoral , seivt that, -is, y at The end - of -thedorig -table, and "dropped uri to ' it likri a sack of '"cofriMrom the back' of a delivery man on a store floor. At a gesture ho rose and looked when an approving smile met his' irnxe.- / ri,'( -flnshr'rif A exbithi mcnt rose to his high " cheek-bones— I was going ;:t6 'say-.but,.!T>h7 ye gods, fancy -Tewkesbrify ' blushing. ' ' With that leary look)' emphasised' by th£ closirtg'of "the lSff'ej'.the!. chairman- looked gorgeous; and was as prim as a newly dreSsed'.d.olOrbiri a iioy-shopi The geiit of mayoral disappointment poured forth',- " I am in 'the'Bhair at the request 'of ladies," and have riefkriow- ledge:of the 'convener of the meeting.-, WelCthe meeting soon got uneasy, and tlie singular, .proceedings soon, ;'t'eFmiri-. ated 'by". an -acljoiu-iiraent to procure a copy of rules in use by Benevolent Societies in other towns.- -It -is uude-' sirable to chronicle, the namesjof thoe who w.ef present. .. . . . ' . , , ; Oh ye. who might, .do riot"ineto--:with' that measure wherewithal it has' been measured unto you. .Working. --men- have been deprived of pay for the, work tlVey-'linve done.1 ' Nicholson has. become amenable to pay. a , penalty of twenty fiye-pourids' for making con fusion greater in Council matters. The, Iftdepdridetit '.tliei'efore v.'pVays in its' leading golunvns / of i; "VVedriesday;; thie; 28th Jiirio'r iQ&'oj UmST none will be infoimers to , recover ».the fsaid twenty five pounds. No one truly yells louder under punishment tlian ho--who has been a persecutor. " Liars need good memories; Last year tho Independent put- for ward, that £300 had brieiri.'put/in The. Bank fhy- townspeople 'in order to meet the expense of defence in connection with A. J. Lorig's_, putting'; of- Tewksbury and Donnelly,' who sot the order of the Supreme Court att defiance by - acting in the capacity, of Aldermen after certain rules' nisi 'had beeii,- served pn . them, in consequence of .which--; the judges visited 'their sin by the inflic tion of punishment , in„.tliOa-shape-of oirdei'iri Tlfbm7to%>ay--'ihG costs '"Bf Long's application. Under clever legal, adyice.funny. Teivksbriry and Doritielly' we're not wanting -.in' temerity to approach the Supremo Court with an application, in which they (swore the- Bailiff' whS'-'hai'd-' been' entrusted with the service of the rules nisi in the'first instance had lied in swearing that . he. had duly served the rules m question. Tlie Full Court received the prepos terous application with a certain amount of contempt and derision, and intimated that the Gourt would- nrit. be likely to " give costs even if the applicants wero successful. The Court nowevciwas -iorcea to give -tne rules on tife" a'Mdavits, it ( being a , serious matter for a bailiff to swear wrong returns. In due course the Tewksbury Donnelly applications camo on for argument and their rules nisi were discharged;', their., affidavits :?>ot' '.being deemed -worthy of belfef, 'and "they \yeve- ordered- to pay' th6'(costs; A riieelirig 'was/cdrive'ried, the 'attendance was sparse, rind- it was put"'f6'rth" vari ously tliat £161 waS fcolfectedj'iri' the room, where tho veracious Trefle made a statement that' he had"' forgotten to .bring his list of subscribers " to the fund, whereon fhero-werU prbiriises oif/tv 'sum of''about£T6(), '' tliis being' addi tional to that now announced as sub scribed- in tho room. The whole of the taxed costs amounted to £1 30.,pdd. Attorney Walsh",had;,heeri: alleged; to: have given his sorvices'reeri of Cllar'go' on belialf of Tewksbury, (dear -enough' ift the circumrtances of his1 advice!) Thero would nover have heen a penny costs against either Tewksbury or Don-, nelly had they riot' acted, in tho fool. hardy, arid to' them clever, manner they assfimed. -The lndependent of Wednesday in- its leader either fur nishes another lie, or proves that it lied in rgppect oi.'the ni'o'nies collected in conneclipirth the' ''Tewksbury-- Donnelly- matter.2 - The last statement is thri. costs werri .;;£200, ; hiilff !pf (jvliich 'was sub!te'ribed: by" the 'ratepayers. Tho . Independent has jlhonfessed to the first'"ate -fthe /-pplitical plot" against'Lu'ca;j!hpse advent to th'e- niuriicipaltehaii- 'haci' well nigh driven Trefle; frantic. , /Owing to the » death of an alde.rman.an opportunity offered— Lucas .was .the redyragto the troubled ":TrefleJ ' and was -making his mark in getting in, tho/rates' and ..carrying, out of the town improvements. Trefle set to work and 'got' nominations/ and:- Teddy the?,-L!(wycY';waS elected "to the Council.- Now came" the ; cloven ,ioot Tbddy on electipn decla-red his expect" ition of, being mayor in the hear future. . ..From this 'out 'this very legal entered. on r art obstructive ctfurse. Lucas carridj/ipt,'': lie had b.een.geveral months hi" Tlie chap'/and knevy he :was doing- good' work," and ...had the - con fidence of tho ratepayes. ; In the leader of last "Wednesday the Independent says : /,' Fpr, some years Temora had becbmV.p, pateword -in -neighbouring " towns pivjiig . to the lethargy of the '' ratepaj'ersiwIAafirst' step wa.4 taken " by, the ratepayers to alter the state of " affairs by. electing AldermanWalsh.". Tlius 'with 'a ' Dart nerversion of the truth, a, favorite means in connection with -some peoples art of lying, Trefle wishes_ ,to convey, that. Walsh was ' elected/because things, had - for years been. arlaugbing stock to- neigh bouring town.s, .and, as, readers would not be likely tfo. go back to dates, as a fact' it .now would be taken, erronouslv that an "irnpypper, state, . pf things (pxiated.and f,went on .duringhtlie three . years Lucas - was finithe' ehair, and tliait ' towards thoi'erid-'rof the'sc'ene only did "Walsh coriie/'jn to' jpu.t- tilings right, but Lucas, was' elected- to the chair tlie year after Walsh was elected an alder- man, and the peoplc voiced the election by returning;. Ithpsei.only Yvh'o pledged th emsel ves to retu rn M r. Lucas to the eliaiiv Walsh;. was nametl''in oppobi-' 'tipri'j hiit dare nbtebb nominated a,t,the last' 'monient,"arid Lucas was again elected-to the" chair that year and the .year onsuing also, when -TtPliesbury- was defeated in tho vote against him. The fact. riowspis; declared in" the Inde-- pcndeMi'steoluhiris that-to Trefle's know ledge Walsh; gp/iin to- Ithe Cb'uncil' to wrest 'the chair/rem Lugii:|, .'and after fWalsh/'-aP ffipctea 'aldex-mah, it is in' print in t he Independent That - Walsh was in full anticipation of getting the nhji.ir in flVo:.nPfitrfn/'npfA 'nti/1 f.liot'jafrtpa Trefle's" supplanting of Lucas through Walsh would- be consummated. We think the. wish that is fathe.-- to thought has lonyblunfaad-. Trefle.- in the correct statcmerifc ofthp'trulih. : : /- Does not Trefle know that lie is again pery.er.l;iq; thetiiut.h in respect of "Mi. Reid. Alderman Reid at the last election of Mr. Lucas as . Mayor,- gavc'his; pledge to" support _ Lucas for th&f; chair, hut:;'dri"the night pf the Mayoral' electibri'-'Reid 'was kept in long and continued conversation before ho entered the Council Chambers,. t.and "rsome-itiurprise .evident ..after "-the ballot when it was found that the numbers were , ftp,, to four, instead of' six .'to three, -as, j expected. Matters after this seemed to bring about a dis trust between Lucas', supporters ,and ' Reid, arid 'Roid/ riot vfeeling comfort-' able, resigned. . .Trefle's statement, on the face of it, is incorrect, as Reid. had most consistently 'supported Lucas in the chair the. previous' two years, and Lucas had supported Reid in his new election. . Mr. Nicholson's municipal life has been short, if it has not been a happy one. Except'that ho hats '.acted most cowardly by,! (reigning his seat, and ought11 to haveHi'St seen' the men paid- to whom he was. a parl , to giving work, tiierV"'w6uld'Jbe chiise for con gratulation. He was never qualified iu any. respect to .pcqupy /the . position, ,ought never toiiriveheeii elected and is .better out -of- it.- — Coaching-" is his anocation,. rio.t.m.uni£i|)al politics, and nodouht.'His'place'will and ought to ho filled in due course by an experienced and qualified persriri'; " A Georgia Magistrate,.; writes an American lawyer, was perplexed the 'other, clay by .the- conflicting claims of two mothers for At baby; each contend ing that she was the mother of it. The judge remembered Sololriori; arid draw ing a bowie kiiife ifi'ohtffiiis hoot,-" de clared heiwould gi ve 'half totcach.- -The women were shockedy-but had no doubt of .the authority , and purpose of tho judge to make the proposed com promise. "Don't you .do that,", they both .screamed in unison, "you can. keep it to yourself.-"' 