Mr. Forrp&ber; says that only for tho rain he would have gone very close to winning his third succes sive Melboum Cup by tho aid 'of War God, It is stated on what appears to bo good authority that the now owner of Cranberry in bir Edward Vincent, who also bought the Now K *aland horse Multifocal. Seven hows havo accomplished (he feat of wiriniug the Derby and Oip double, viz., Lantern, Brieeip, Cluster, Grand Planum, Martini-Henry, Newbavea, and Merriwee, Word from Melbourne elates that Le Var has probably run his last race. So has Coco;, who, though he visits the Flemington grounds in the mornings, will not be trained' again. He and Dewev aro among tbe lot which are for 6a!o on Monday next. Horsea sired by imported Bill of Portland won upwards of JCGOOO in stakes on the first two days of the current V.R.C. meeting. At the end of the first quarter of tho racing season Loobiel's stock had won £7G23.' Bill of Portland was second with £1802, but he has made a big advance since then. Auriferous, who is now known as Stormbound, started in the Leicestershire October Handicap, one mile and a quarter, at Leicester, on October 5, The 'Willinmsbown Cup winner was not quoted in the betting, and in a field of seven finished last, after running forward until a quarter of a mile from home. Stormbound carried Stib Bib, and bheipvinner, Squire Jack, had 7at 121b up. Mr. A. Harris is the ,prea9nt owner. of Stormbound. Mr, H. C, White's gelding Form, carrying 8st 71b, won tho Welbeck Stakes, of 220 sovs., a handi cap, one mile, at the Nottingham meeting on October 3. There were nine starters, Dubuque (8st 111b) boing favourite at 5 to 2, with Form and Tarolinta next in demand ab 5 to 1 each. Form was ridden by tho American jockey L. Eeifl, and won, after a good raoe, by three-quarters of a length from Tarolinta, with Dubuque three lengths away third. It is hard to beliovo that Dewey and Dowry— one a ' speedy squib,' the other a horse of first-class merit — aro brother and]sister ; bub tbe ' Australian Stud Book' — that peerage of thoir otder-— affords indubitable proof that they stand in that relation ship. How different the characteristics I The oddity may be left to the disciples of Bruce Lowe to explain. The theory that by putting No. This and No. That together the breeder will almost un failingly produce ' the racehorse of the oentury' recalls an amusing story told by Mark Twain («»ya a writer in a contemporary). It was' on ship-board: tho doctor had fallen siok, and Mark Twain was , asked to act as bis locum tenons, a request with whioh ho readily complied, anxiouB' always to be ?o£ sorvice to his fellow-voyagers. The doctor's vade-mecum was a jumble of figures and con tractions, easily understood by tbo doctor, but worse than Greek to the humourist. The doctor, howover, oxplained that bis remedies for simple ailments wero represented by numbers — 'No. 1,' ' No. 2,' ' No. 8,' and so on— the numbers in the book corresponding to the numbers on the' bottles in tho laboratory. Mirl: Twain's fir ft patient was a steerage passenger, suffering from a splitting headache. Consulting the book, tbe remedy pre scribed was 'No. 15,' but on reaching up for the bottle bo labelled hn found that it was empty! This was awkward for tbe budding M.D. ; but after a mental effort, a happy thought struck him, and taking a medicine-glass, he poured a few. drops . -o£ Np. 7 into a little of No. 8r— fchua making , 15 1 ' The 'mixture worked like a oharm. . .The patient was out of his bunk in a jiffy, and stood oh his ? head—' U monument to tho efficacy of Mark Twain's figure system ! Writes ' Milroy' Mr. George Lee had every reason to bo satisfied with the results at Fleming ton, ad he bred tho winner of the Derby and Cup and the runner-up for the Maribyrfong Plate, as well as tbo dam of Mi'bs Carbine, who won the Hothmn Handicap. Ho also bred tbo sire oE Dewey's dnm, the siro of Flintlook's dam, the granddam of Morn, and tho sire of Wait-a-bit's grunddam, nnd all thoBo mentioned are dcBoondant'a of bis grand old maro Sappho, by Sir Hcroulos, whom Mr. Loo bred whon bo was a very young man. Sappho's dam, old Sappho, by Marquis, wan a presont to Mr. John Loo from his father. In duo oourso ho put his prosent to Sir Hercules, who was tho only serving stallion Mr, Lee ever hold a share in. Ho and ono of his brothers owned the 'Stockwell of Australia' for a.timo botwoouthom. Old Sappho's plodgo to Sir HorouleB wns a filly, groy . liko herself, and from hor. Young Sappho, Mr. Lee bred. Kingaborougb, Lecturer, Snvanaka (all by Kingston), Nellie, Spinningdale, nnd others. i Spinningdnlo and ' tho colts ho Rold. but kept Nellie, who won tho Mnribyrnong Plato and A.J.C. Derby before sho weut to the atud, whore oho throw Wilga and Etra Woenie, Wilga whom Mr, Leo sold, iB tho dam of Miss Oarbino, nnd from Etra Weenie Mr. Lo« bred Merriwee, Wigolmur, and Diffidence. To Atlantic Spinningdnlo threw Whito Star, tho dam of Morn, while Dewoy's dam is by Savannka; Flint look's dam in by Luoturer (brother to Savnnaku), and WaiNn- Bib's grntiddnm is by tlioir other brother* Kingsborough, thureforo tho blood of Mr. Lee's first great brood mare playod a very prominent part in tho proceedings at Fiemington. Tho Inrgnnb number of brood mares ovor hold by Mr Lee wns threo, nnd as bo has bred tho colebritiea named na woll ns Tho Bsrb, Barbarian, Birbcllc, and many othori of minor' importance, such na Yurran, Sainora, Phnon, Domoarnt II., and Emily, ho has indeed ? * dono wondors. Ho has now libra Wuonio brooding and in timo will uso Wigelmnr and Diflldonae, two likely fillios to ltoop up to Sappho ohnraotor for along timo to ooino. Mr. Loo attributes n donl.of this succors to nob lcooping stallions. Had ho kopt a stallion it is only natural that lie would havo given his own horso tho proforonoo with his mnree, bub not having ono to projudieo his judgment ho waa iron to seleot' mutca for hiu mares among all tho otnlliona of Australia, and tho rentlte obtained are sufficient proof of the BpundnoBii of hia Byaboui.*' An old frinnd who is an enthusiastic supporter of all movemintn portniuing t- oport, writes t — ' Bo your noto on our (Clarence R.ivor Jookey Club) programme, I wiali you to 'review' tho idea o£ the threo £100 prizes and Cup for points gained at the threo diubnnoen. Wo aim at inducing owners to train thoir horses for tho longer distances. Thoro ia two much nttontion given in my opinion to flutters of I) mllo. I beliovo tlio publio take as muohintoroHtin tho starts ns thoy do in tho finishes; and wo nro gradually trying to inorenso our diutanocn to enable tho publio to wlfcncnn the ntiutn, I hnvo tho Idea that it would bo eduoativo to offur prizes for groups— stallion, dam, and progeny — Bhown nt somo of our Baoo meotingn. By no doing, wo should bo showing the oCfeet of mating onrtaiu mares with particular otnllionn, In days'of novoltlea, it lo necessary. I think, to introduce nuoh innovations os I havo akotohed. I rogret that hoiwi of tho leading pro vincial clubs havo not takon un tho subjuot of brooking down tho monopoly of tho A.J.C, Why should any ono olub oantiol racing P Such powor ahould bo in tho hand* of an olootlvo body, and tho olubs who pay registration feus, should havo tho privilege of electing those who oontiol — at loast thin is tho opinion of tho wrltor— for what it is worth.' Briefly ' put tho fnota are theso i On tho programme of tho C.R.J.C. for its meeting to bo hold in July, 1900, there nro three items dnsorlbed thus — Tho Cup Handicap of £100, 0 furlongs ; first horno, £75, seeond A 515, third £10. The Cup Handlnnp of XI 00, 1 mllo; Arab horse £76, eeonnd £15, third XI, On tho second day Cup Handicap of £100, 1| mllo; first horno £75, Boeond £15, third £10, the weights to bo declared on tho Arab night of raoes. Thon oomen Gold Cup, valno £815, to bo glvon to winnor of tnoiib points In tl^e throo Onp handionps, tho points to oounli— C for first borse, 3 for second, and 2 tor third hurau ! in each of three Cup races. No extra nomina- ! tion fee for thie, It any ti-', the race to be run off at the on»: wile distance aud weights, including penalties. Heroes must be uominated in all the three Cup event', or cinrroi' ba allowed to participate in t he Gold Cup. My correspondent b«s gpked me for my opinion, and I have no hesitation in saying that I aui thoroughly in favour of the idea of the divided iucp, to which I caa only see very trivial objiictiuoa. I will rotarn to the | subject when I have more leiture, and will content j mydelf wif.b saying that I wish we bad a few pro- ] greseive epiiits Euch as my kindly correspondent, over thia side. The race meeting of tho Northern Jooltey Club, which concluded at Rutherford yesterday, cannot have increased the club's bank balance much ; in deed, I am nfraid that when accounts are made up and marked paid, the money will be in tho wrong pockots. Every club baa ita good and bad days, the swetti and tbd bitters succeed each other just as surely as one precedes the other, but I am fain to say the N.J.C. holds very few trumps when it plays tho great gamn. IIow ti improve mattera should engage the attention of tbe committee, and one method I would suggest is that larger prizes should be given. It is evident that locally racing ia at a low ebb, for the attendance at Ruther ford ia principally made up of visitors from Newcastle and tbe adjacent mining townahipa, although the membership of the club is fixed at tbe very moderate fee of a guinea. In tbe old days it was altogether different, but the old brigade has imrched into another world, and they have left only very unsubstantial ghosts behind. They have littlo spirit, anyhow.' Many complain that the course ia too far away from town to be convenient, and there' may be something in that, but still tho distance is not too great for those who like racing. Another item it, that of expense. A holiday maker with n taste for Bport may go to NewcBBtie and back, say forty milea, cheaper than be can go to Rutherford and back, say six mileB. - Here are the figures : — Newcastle. s d Train ? ? 1 10 Book ? 1 0 Gate ? ? ? 1 0 Leger stand ? 0 G 4\. 4, / Rutherford. b d. Bus ? ? ? ? 2 0 Book ? 1 0 I Gate ? 1 0 Leger stand ? ? ? ? 1 0 6 0 Entrance to the saddling yard ab each place coats 10a. Grog and grub cost nbout the same, of course a person can travel from WoBt Maitland to Ruther ford and back cheaper by train than two shillings, but my figurea apply to the more favoured, route. The visitor bo Newcastle may also enjoy tbe plenBurable benefits of inhaling a chesttul of ozone from the sea swept beach ; bub I suppose there can be no help for it. Newcastle is wonderfully woll situated, whilst the population also greatly aBsists it. Tho finishes at Rutherford on each day wero excel lent, and the pity of it was that tho fields were ao Bmnll. In the Shorts yesterday Winnie somewhat compensated Joe Brown for tbe narrow defeat of Welome in the principal handicap on Thursday, for after tho daughter of Beauchamp hnd been backed down to evens she boat Horoford by half a length. Winnie showed a great dash of pace in the straight, hut Bhe waB getting very alow at tho finish, and had Hereford boon thoroughly wound up he would have beaten her. Tho raco (or the Ruther ford Handicap was a farce, for Cheeky was only pantering, and won nB he liked by six lengbhB from Turquini and Oraleno, and if this waa tho truo form of tho last named pnir thoy are not worth braining. Ornlono is about na fat as a hen on tho forehead, although Tod Simmons tells me she has dozens of eggs and lanhino of boor during tho week. Turquini was brought up from Sydnoy to win two or threo races, bub lie never showed nny pace, although he looked well. I am nfraid ho iB no good. It was only the othor day that somo of us weto strangely imbued with tho idea that we we- could pick tho Molbourno Cup winner, yet yesterday when only four horses saddled up for tho N.J.C. Handioap tho majority overlooked Standard, nnd devoted their attention to tho othor threo. It was a very close thing, and ill fortune again pursued Aberdaro, and beat him, For young Barolay rode the greator part of tho journoy minus a stirrup, and ab tho end Standard finishing very rosolntely in answer to Hartigan's oalls, won by a head, with Jack Tar third, and Marshall last, although be waa favourite. In Feramorz the MoaqfS. Enlea have a usoful geld ing, bub. he is far from being of high claos and not at all attractive ill appoarance. Hia hind legB are very suggestive of ringbone, bub I am told tho son of The Australian Peer wits foaled with tho blemish. Yoaterdny ho waa installed favourite for the Welter, nnd he won a good raoe from Cheeky nnd Ovid, the first two being sons of Tho Poer. Privateer is not nearly so good n horso as the maj ority of handicappers would suggest, but he waa a bit bettor than the lot whioh oppesod him in the Final Handioap yester day, and after being mado favourite tho son of Butler and Iris, who looked really well, managed to down The Snail and Winnie, tho last named boing woll baoked. Tom Cuah had a rare time of it, for six of the ben raoes on tho programmo wero won by horses trained by him, and I nm glad to boo him ngain in luok, for thoro-nre tow, if uny, moro oupablo men with n horse in tho colony than the same Mr. Oush. Tho eobtling ovor tho meeting was held at the SDnrbsmnp's Arms Hotel lnat even ing, whon Mr. O, IC. Young occupied the chair, nnd bho Messrs. Eales wet tho nooks of those presont. The following amounts ^ero paid away : — Mr. W. H. Mookay, JB65 ; Mr. Joshua, X45 ; Messrs. W. nnd A. Eales, X83 ; Mr. Jos. Brown, X28; Mr. W. Tuolr,X28; Mr, D. Mullens, X28; Mr. E. Cheotham, £22} Mr. T. Judgo. X20 ; Mr. J. B. Barclay, X5; Mr. G. Taylor, £2; Mr. P. M'Oartby, £2 ; Mr. E. Cartip, £2, Thr Vagrant. 