HEADLESS FOLK. " GLOBE." It is curious how often, and how per sistently, headlessness has figured in popular legend and in legendary history, secular and ecclesiastical. Among the men of the prehistoric age, in the very dawn of time, roughly drawn or scratched headless figures were symbols of the dead. Mediaeval romancing travellers wrote gravely of strange races of men who were said to bo dfistituteof heads, and to have eyes in their breasts. One of the old chroniclers describes an apparition seen in the thirteenth year of King Edward IV's. reigii. There was a voice heard, lie says, in the air between Leicester and Banbury, and " in dvverse otherplrfces, crying for along timo 'Bowes! Bowes!' which was herdo for forty memie; and some menno said that he that cryed soo was a hedles manne." But what this ro markablo cry meant we are not told, although it is included with sun dry other tokens that wero shown that year in England for "amend ynge of mennys lyvynge." St. Denis, when his head was cut off, is said to havo waited away quite cheerfully, carrying it under his arm ; and strange stories of heedlessness have beon told quito seriously in niucli mors modern times. For instance, Hawthorne relates that a sen captain once told him a strange story of an incident which was said to have occurred during the action between the Constitution and the Macedonia, which wns fought during the war of 1812-be tween this country and the United States. The captain was at the time powder* monkey aboard tho Constitution, and snw( a cannon shot come through the ship's side. A seaman's head WBS struck off, probably by a splinter, for it >vaa done, he said, without bruising the . head or body, ns clean as by a razor. Tho unfor tunate! man at tho time of the occurrence was walking pretty briskly, and the captain ' seriously affirmed that ho kept walking onward at tho same pace, with two jets of blood gushine; from bis head less trunk, till, after going about twenty feet without a head, he sauk down at once, with his legs under hiui. > , , , Headless folk figure somewhat extensively in local legendary lore; which is hardly surprising, perhaps, for among the strange shapes of liogoylsnd few are more calculated to iuprcss tho rustic iuiopina tion than tho horses and men without beads, of whom so many terrifying stories are told. Some years ago u lady was teaching a Sunday school class in Susses, and asked for an explanation of the phrase their " ghostly eiioiuy." Tho children unanimously replied that it meant " a spirit that.comes back from tho grave," and they then proceeded to pour but a stream of-ghost stories which fairly astonished their- teacher, Headless folk, of oolite, figured fiseely. Spirits walking without'jihy/bea^s lit all, others carrying .them tucked tinker/their.arms, and one, giv^ir.to"tt)tillubit of haunting a dark lanc,_rej6icihg *1'n a ball of firo on its shoulders instead of a head-all "these were found to bo still real and terrifying to Sussex children. Mr Barincr Gould has recorded u Yorkshire instauco of this kind of superstition. Ho was told of an old barn near Thirsk which was said to bo haunted by a headless woman. A trump went into it onu night to sleep, but " at midnight ho was awakened by a light, aud, sitting up, ho saw a woman coming towards him from tho end of Iho barn, holding her head in her hands like u lantern, with light streaming out of the eyes, nostrils, and mouth. Ho sprang out of tho bam in a fright, breaking a hole in the wall to cscnpe. This hole I was shown six years ago. Whether tho barn still stands I cannot say." 