A GHOSTLY APPEARANGE AT AUBURN. EXCITE3ENT IN THE NEIGIBOITE HOOD. Though some scepties may deny br lief in visitants from another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies hard. Miss. M;arner, of "Lsmington," Victoaia-rcad, Aubure, Victoria, has more than once seen something re sembliog a ghost-when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, so'-debilitated was sae by many months' illness. She says: "I com'mcrced, some two years- ago, to feel very ill after returning home from cehool. I did not feel snfficiently unwell to take to my bed, but ex. perienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, san be said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no ioclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the "gonoise tolio" given me, with regularity. Then -tcommenced to feel acute pains in my ab?ul- lers and bsck, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried everythingto induce sleep," interposed Mr 3Marncr, " bt without fet : then I conoulted a well. known Collins street practitioner. He' said my daughter was suffering prineci pally frem weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took hebor away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking eworse. St- wonll also reteh on rising in the rnoing ; any food takenn could not be ke1 t down. Slhe lost fl hl and hecame a sere glost." " This time Iet year," said e liss Alice, l I weigLed 7t 3:b, now I nm 9et 7b."' "A grat improvement ; your treal smnot moist Lhav Eeen nefici??al ?' " N, ; all the med;cino I got did me v, ry little gcr d. Actually, Iv Williams' Pink Pilt for Pal- P'eople deoervo that credit. Il-t blefore the joblbee holidaysy father Imoght me a loox of hlr Williams' Pink Pills, at _ir Piesasance', Chapel street, I'rhran ; they did me so much gee-I tblt I cotinlndl Rloth them. It ino a lonsg ime inec I ?r'ortir.ed too kl ing teLm, and f ero.m as a s beoltly nos ,0nyone cou!d wishi." " And you nonld r commoend them ?" " Ys ; ned tlhat strogly , too," said Mr Itarner ; ' hald I known of Dr WVilliams' Pink Pills two years before it would have osavd nie a hundred pounds." There are many, readers tlo manty be fortunate enough to eare their pockets if they act as this young lady did, Dr Wiliiams' Pink Pills will care awiema, weak heart, slerplrssnese, srofnla, coeosmption, chronic errsipe. las, debility, indigestion, liter and kid ney diseases, and chest an I lung troubles, pale and sallow complyslieon, paralysis, locomotor ataxis, neuralgis. St. .itus' dance, and nervous headahe, ?od all nervous disorders. They are told by rhemists and storekeepers, and by the D)r Williams' ledicinu Ctmpany, core of Rocke, Tompsitt and Cs.,' Flinders street, Melbourne, at two and nine a box; or six (or fifteen and threepence, but are genuine only with the full name (seven words). Dr Williams' Pick fills for Pale People, on each hex. Thousands bave trstified to their cura liv. powers,-An. 