STBANGE ADBMB OF MB. BICH4HD CADNT. (By 'Vandorian.') ,; ?? (f was* -growing dusic !as two horsemen rode ,«lowly down a steep 'track on the Boorimata ranges. Heavy rain clouds V_^ were gathering -&) round the higher &&J; peaks, and the wind To])S swep't through the mm gullies in fitful J'*'^ gusts. There was 3)M*X every prospect of a W4gf\ wild, 'dark night AWT^- But the horses kept 1 ^i on at 'a steady jog, f ^_ ??.? tor baste, was* out of Jg/ . the question. There ^U were; sudden curves W and sharp turns in the. track, where the ground fell away so abruptly as to leave ..? only; a scanty foot hold. A slip on the crumbling : earth or loose : stones would have proved fatal to horse and rider; for on one side of the path yawned deep cavern ous gullies; on the other, rugged cliffs, with -mas- sive boulders rose like a precipitous wall of rock. Far below, on the river flats,- some' cattle : were, grazing; but they appeared in -.miniature like the toy animals in a child's. Noah's Ark'.. '..'. V. -'?..' : . The man who rode in front ' was a bushman, born and bred in these wild ranges. He boasted that he knew every shrub and tree that grew ? there, and the cry of every bird and beast that haunted the gloomy forests, .which extended- for . miles along the base of the mountain spur. An ill-looking, taciturn fellow, he' rode along in si lence with his head and shoulders slouching for ward; he seemed at war even with his short clay pipe, which be smoked with' an air of -moody : re- sentment And, watching this' curious antagon ism, which seemed to animate his companion's very attitude in the saddle, it occurred to Mr. Richard Gaunt that he 'had picked up the most dismal thing in guides that it had ever been his illuck to sample on a long day's journey. 'Those peaks don't look more' than eight or nine miles off,' said he, pointing with his whip to three jagged peaks which loomed ? against the darkening sky. 'Can't we push on a little fast er? It seems to me that we ought to get to the Manatta homestead in an. hour— perhaps a couple of hours.' -.-?-.- ? ...-..? Sulky Sam gave a short laugh, indicating liis scorn for things in general — Mti Gaunt -in particu lar. He paused to give his pipe stem a vicious bite before jerking out a reply. 'Eight miles? Say eighteen— more like a mat ter of twenty. Please yourself, mister. I ain't goin' no farther nor Red Pat's to-night It's just round the next turn.'' 'As you like,' was the indifferent answer, 'You know these ranges, and I do not We can make an early start.' in the ^morning.' Yet he thought, with a regretful sigh, of a cer tain snug homestead which he had expected to reach before nightfall. He thought, t£o— and this with a tender smile and slackening of the reins — of the girl wlho Was waciting for him be yond those rugged peaks.' He had not Seen her for nearly a year. Was she. changed, he won dered. Then the sudden slipping of bis horse over some loose stones recalled hinvto the exi gency of the present moment, and hW -pulled up sharply. - - ?? :{r- ' 'Here we are! Just in time, too— I b'lieve it '11 be a rare wet night,' ana Sam pointed a stubby thumb in the direction of a miserable hark shanty, which now appeared in full view. It stood about a hundred yards. back from the track which had widened considerably at; this ^unctuiie; while. Instead of rising precipitously; as it had hitherto done, the ground sloped gradually up towards a small clearing. At, the door of the shanty a squat, thick set individual, attired in a flaming red shirt and a pair of grimy ^moleskins panlts, stood eyeing the new. arrivals.' ;. 'The landlord, I suppose?' , ? 'That's him right enough— Red Pat— and as sober as ever he's likely to be in.' this world, or the next!' The conversational effort was so ex hausting that Sam rode' up to the shanty and got off his horse- in silence. ,'? : '.'. 'Want to come in?' asked Red Pat in ungra ctaDB tones. A shock of hair ifliat vied in brilli ancy, of coloring with the gorgeous shirt stood - out like a spring wig round his bullet head and enhanced the effect of an atrocious squint Mr. Gaunt intimated that he did not 'want to come in.' ? 'If there Is any other place of accommodation near — ' and he hesitated. 'The nearest place is Manatta— nineteen miles. If this ain't good enough, go on! But I'm blest if I'll stand an argy in the rain!' And Bed Pat lurched off, followed by the sarly escort the latter indicating by sundry nods that a less in sulting demeanor was advisable. 'Right you are. Ill take the hosses round. Come in, boss.' It was nearly dark, and heavy rain seemed to be setting in. There was no help for it, and Mr. Gaunt threw his reins to his reluctant host with a good-natured laugh. 'You must put us up for the night — and I dare say you won't charge extra for civility!' and in wardly he congratulated himself on the fact that neither of these ruffians had the slightest idea of the rich prize that was almost within their clut ches. Inside, a small fire burned on the untidy hearth, and a smoking lamp, evidently just lit flared on a deal table which stood in the centre of the dingy room.- This, with some uncompromising wooden chairs, completed the furniture. At one end of the table there was a half empty whisky bottle and a cracked glass. On the floor were more bottles— empty ones, obviously— which roll ed about with an ostentatious clatter as every footstep made the crazy boards shake. . . . 'Not many visitors, I expect,' said Mr. Gaont, pleasantly, for he was a jolly, easy going tnanl prone to take the -world lightly. ''As many as I want— more sometimes,' retort ed . the worthy landlord with swift suspicion. -'WellT-r'ere!s- luck, anyhow,'' he added, 'draining his glass. :'.???' 'Miserable, drunken - little . beast,'' thought Gaunt But he made no outward comment- and sat in silent amusement watchi'_g the ungainly antics of his sulky guide as he laid the supper at one end of the ricketty table. 'Tea's the ruin of this country!' and Sam bang ed down a battered old teapot with an attitude of fierce hatred that was only equalled by the aver sion with which he regarded some meat and damper. If this were as bad as it looked, Mr. i Gaunt felt that later on, he, too, would rise and call it — anathema. Truly, the situation was full of humor. 'This time to-morrow night,' thought he, with a smile on his genial face, 'I shall be entertain ing the Manatta people with an account of Red Pat's supper- table— if I survive it!' ? ? ? ? A dissipated looking clock gave an asthmatic wheeze and struck twelve, though the staggering .hands ._p_ointed_ to one a.m. Then it gave a \- 'whir-r-r, and prepared to beat an alarm, balanc ing itself, meanwhile, on two unsteady little legs. j 'D— — n that clock!' and Pat Monegan threw ? a hard crust at it. 'I dunno' what I keep it for. Who's the softy in there?' and he went on examining the contents of a fat, prosperous looking pocketbook that laid open on the table. ! 'Hist!' said Sam, going stealthily across the | room. Then he applied an ear to the opening j of a door that led to a small inner room, from which came the sound of heavy stertorous breathing — the breathing of a man who was either drunk or drugged. . 'Who is he? Been managin' the Boeli run for over a year, I b'lieve — goin' over to Manatta — hope he gets there!' Brink had loosened Sam's tongue, and his sul len aggressiveness was- dominated by the deeper craft of the older man. There was nothing Irish j about Red Pat. except bis name, and the more he drank the less he had to say; but from under his sandy eye-lashes he watched the effect of the glittering bait he handled. 'It's a lot o' money — near three hundred pounds — s'long as he come by it honest I wouldn't mind 'elpin' the gentl'man tatee care of it Tell me that, Sam; is it straight and square?' Sam tried to pull himself together in order to give a coherent reply. 'Straight 'nough — goin' to take possession of Manatta run; it's d'posit money; chap told me all 'bout it.' 'He's a careless fool,' says he to me, 'an' I b'lieve *im — can't take care ? ' 'Never mind no more,' interrupted the other. 'A man like that ain't fit to 'ave money, that's wot I say. 'E won't be the fust gentl'man's gone over devil's 'oof by accident!' and Pat -gave a cunning leer at his companion. 'Won't be the last, neither! I fixed up his tea all right!' and Sam chuckled with maudlin glee at his own wit. * We'll make a early start,' says he, bless me! Wot a ? -' 'You've 'ad 'nough liquor,' said Pat. 'Turn in for a bit— when it's time I'll call you!' And until the crazy timepiece made convulsive indica tions that it wanted to strike another alarm, he sat in moody thought. The morning broke fresh and fair. A thick fog hung over the gullies, but there was every promise of a fine day, for a crimson glow stained the eastern sky, and cast faint rose tints over the craggy peaks. There was a delicious freshness from the damp earth, and a sweet subtle aroma came from mimosa and eucalyptus, while every bough. seemed instinct with life. Far away the clear tones of the bell-bird echoed across the hills; nearer, the thrush-like notes of a score of magpies warbled high above every other feather ed songster of the ranges. On such a morning life wsfs very sweet Yet Mr. Gaunt rode down the steep path with a doll, lacklustre eye and curious sense - of numbness 'in his limbs. He was conscious' of his own movements, with the strange apathy that enchains the will of a man bound in the thrall of a hideous nightmare. And, while he struggled against the intangible thing that beset his .undertsanding, the lettd report of a gun start led the echoes and reverberated through the mountains. In another moment horse and rider had disappeared over the side of a sheer precipice Which formed one curve of the shoe-like chasm known as Devil's Hoof. And peering cautiously over the edge, Sam saw that a strange thing had happened. Instead of falling some 300ft below, the horse hung entangled in the dense foliage which crowned the summit of a gigantic iron bark. This grew on a small jutting crag, and its leafy branches were not more than 30ft from the white, scared face that watched the strange burden they upheld. The poor brute was quite dead— impaled on a sharp forked limb, which held it like a vyce. Red Pat's flaming head appeared round the edge of a blackened stump. Perhaps the tragic end of ill-fated Mr. Gaunt affected him with a new sense of terror, for his voice shook, though he tried to speak lightly. | 'The crows'll soon bleach 'is bones— it couldn't i 'appen better. Lord! to thiriy of 'im 'angin' like a 'waxworks over that there gully!' And Pat gave a laugh that Bounded forced and mirthless. 'As for Gaunt, I tell ye what, Sam, dead men ain't no more trouble when they sees the bottom o' Devil's 'Oof!' * ? ? * ? A week later the two occupants of Red Pafs shanty had drank themselves to the verge of 'hor- rors.' Twenty years ago an unexpected, visitor was a rare event, for no stranger could find Us way alone over the almost impassable mountain track. Hence, both men started to their feet at the apparition that presented itself at their hot door about a week after the murder of Mr. Gaunt It was quite dark, and Pat raised the lamp in his ^'Ving hand that 1m might the bettar sea the stranger's face. Haggard and worn, with one arm hanging in- a sling, it was the murdered man who stood before the trembling landlord. And behind him lurked a dark shadowy form — pro- bably the devil in league with/the ghost The ride from Hades had- been attended with bad wea ther, for the dead: man's peggings were splashed witti mud. v *?Pexb£s;3 -.-$£- saldV' In hollow tones, 'you'll hand over im^ppejretbook of mine; I see it on the table.'^* SteppecT in ''superstition and maddened. iwiUi tpn?-iv '%«- frightened wretch dropped the lighted' lamp/' jln an instant there was a .blue. flame, thrarSa ''blaze;' and the heat and smoke became sc?^ rapidly ^overpowering that, j weakened -by. Jiis rjecenC':sufleriii.gs, Mr. Gaunt I staggered and fell.-:: The' '^trooper rushed in and dragged him out into the^cqoj; night air. 'For God's sakejcMr. Gaunt', think of yourself, sir!' For the latter inaSe. an effort to re-enter the burning hut ^Tou 'couldn't save 'em. Why, i a lighted match would set either of them poor I devils In a blaze, let-alone a place like that!' i And even as he ;spoke the bark, roof fell in, and the heat from the hissing flames forced them to j retreat higher up the mountain. Next morning a. heap . of blackened cinders and two charred j skeletons marked the- spot where Red Pat's shanty had overlooked Devil's Hoof. . * 'My. word, Mr. Gaunt you've had about the narrowest squeak. I ever heard of, and I've seen strange things happen in these ranges,' said the trooper, as they rode up the cliff side. J 'The 'horse must have saved me, but I was too ' dazed and stupid to understand exactly what did happen. . I remember sliding down the stem of that old iron bark, and lying for hours in a heavy stupor at the 'bottom. Two days and nights in . those gullies shake a man's nerve. _. Let us talk of /something pleasanter just now.' And not for many months could Mr. Gaunt speak with composrire of -his strange adventure amongst the Boorimata ^Ranges, and the ghastly scene that marked its dose. ; 