A REPENTANT GHOST. ' So you actually bolinvo in ghosts ?' re marked Charlie Beaveri'.interroKatively,witb an amount of flippancy in his tonu, and an amused untile ou his rather boyish luce-, to his elder and moresedute friend Kobeit Fordtr, as they sat together in tho former's comfortable bachelor rooms oue owning tawards the close of the last month of Hit) year, discussing a choice blend of whisky (judiniously commingled with potass), aud blowing curly bluo nreaths from unim peachable cigaia. ' I am bound to believe in them,' replied Ibe other in all seriousness. ' What ? Do you mean to say that you have seen one ?'' ' Decidedly ; I may say I almost owe my wife to a Spook.' ' Come, I say, old man, draw it a little mild!' ' I'll tell you the story if you like. But mind, I very rarely mention the subject. I don't care about it talked about anywhere and everywhere. You understand ?' ' Perfectly,' said Charlie, all eagerness for the recital. '? Go ahead, I'll be as mum as a-a-a what's its name,' ' Well, you must know before I secured (through the influence of my father-iu-lawj my preseut position an manager of tbe bank here, I was pursuing the colling of an accountant in C»rchester. After three years' hard labour I began to feel my feet and think I might venture to usk a certain young lady to share my future lot. I was tolerably Bure that I atioulil meet with no rebuff from my darling, but thore was a stern parent to be reckoned with. ' I had mado tho acquuiutauce of Mr. Matthew Turnover, head of tbe respected and old crusted banking-house of Turnover Bro thers, and Checkwell, through ordinary business intercourse, and we became iu timu ou quite intimate terms. I frequently spent my Sun days at his charming residence iu the park He nau an oniy uaugnter, isieauor. xue rest, you will readily understand. Well, I put the momeutous question to tbe dear girl and achieved tho success I plead guilty to have been vain enough to anticipate. ' Thon followed the inevitable interview with papa. He evinced us surprise when I told him my tale, as many fathers do after beiug themselves tho prime movers in bringing two impressionable, young people together. Ho was straightforward enough. Told m», al though be had certainly cherished moro ambi tious views fur his only child, it was not his in tention to try to enforce his idvns if tbey were likely to interfere with bis daugh ter's happiuess, Still, he was bound to consider the important ques* tion of wnys and means, and though bo admitted I had made rapid and substantial progress in my profession— if such it could be called — he at tbe same time did not consider thu income I was then earuiug sufficiently large to justify me in taking upon myself tbe res ponsibility of a wife and probable contingencies. ' He wound up by saying : ' ' Although Eleanor, as you know, is an ouly cbild, sho will not niuleriully benefit through mo on her marriage, as it is my fixed intention to withdraw so sum of consequence from the bank. My share of the profits— ex- cept so much of it as I require to live upon — remains in the concern until my time comes for quitting this world, then, of course, Eleanor will inherit what I shall leave behind me. But, God be thanked, I am well and hearty, and may reasonably look forward to ten or fifteen years longer of useful life. My advice tbereforo to you, is go on working as you have done hither to, aud, in three years say, you cau broach luo suujruo u£um, uu-.i ii ijiij nuuum uo sun ill tbe same mind regarding yourself, why we may perhaps see if matters cannot be arranged. In liiu meantime, there will be— at all events ou my part — no difference in out. friendship ; there's my hand upon it.' ' You may guess I did not feel extravagantly jubilant over the arrangement. Three years seemed an avrful long time to wait. But I hu:l tbe fullest faith iu Eleanor's constancy. How ever, I will get on to the finish; I don't wish to bore you with too many personal details. ' About eight months had gone by, when one dry in the middle of December, Mr. Turnover hastily entered my unpretentious office. The old gentleman appeared gcaatly agitated, and it was some moments aftur being seated that he wus able to speak, ' I anxiously inquired if he were ill, or was anything wrong at home ? ' ' No — no one ill,' he said, slowly. ' The bank has been robbed.' ' ' Bobbed !' I exclaimed. Thew I Hare the thieves been caught ?' ' ' You don't understand. Tho robbery is irom tuaide. The cbiet cashier. ' 'What ! Bradley r' I cried, in the greatest astonishment. , 'Tho peccant cashier was a Sunday school tea er, regular chapel-goer, and I don't know what besides. ' ' Ay ! The smooth-tongued hypocrite,' said Mr. Turnover, with considerable. emphatU ' And he's got a good twenty-four hours' start He was away on short leave.' ' ' What is the amount ?' I aMced. ' ' A very considerable Bum in convertibli securities uaforlunately. Anything like tbt exact amount, however, is not yet known. Thai is mainly why I have come to you.' ''Tome?' ' ' Yes. I want you. to come to tho bauk aod go through tho book3— his books, you knon — as experiitiously as possible. We wish to keep tbe affair secret— tbat is, as long as possible. Will you come ?' ' And Mr. Turnover regarded me anxiously ' Then thinking, pirhapi, I seemed to hesi tat», he added, signifioantly, ' It may be worth yrur while.' ' * \ am at yo'nr service, Mr. Turnover,' I in stantly replied. 'Wheu do you wish mo to be gin?' . '? ' To-night. Are you willing to work lutu ? I mean.iu fact, all aigbt if neocssary i Will you do me this favour ?' ' ' You may command me in any way you likp, Mr. Turnover,' I said. Truth to tell, an idea flasl.ed across my mind that I might decide to ask a favour of him iu return after tin present annoying business was over and clone with. ' My future father in-law roBO from his scat, saying: ' ? I am very pleased you have consented to help me ao readily, because we can rely upon your discretion and ubaoluto silence.' I bowed. ' ' Then ' meet me i« Duke-street, by the Cosmopolitan Hotel, at six sharp, and wo will no to the bauk together.' ' I was at the place appointed just us the first stroke of the hour rang out on tbe clc ar frosty air, aud was almost immediately joined by Mr. Turnover. ' As soon us we were seated in the bank par lour Mr. Turnover unuded me a leUer,rcmarking that, the missing Bradley had caused it to be de'ivrred iu c somewhat mysterious manner. ' When I read the note Mr. Turnover asked my opinion of it. I said : ' 'The fellow iscool certamly.but I infer from what he writes— if it is the truth, of course that there has been no systematic embezzlement going forward for some time ; that, in fact, be committed tho theft in u sudden Ot of tempta tion. I sco be mentions sixty-tight thousand.' ' ' Yes, that is quite enough without tbo probability of more having to be added to it. I truit your surmise will turn out correct. Let us get Eo work without delay.1 ?? We worked unremittingly till ten, failing to discover any defalcations beyond tbose a ready known, This wns so far satisfactory' that- Mr. Turnover confessed he felt much relieved aud suggested au adjournment to a neighbour ing first-class hotel— his club being too far away— to recruit exhausted nature. ' Wu were let out by tbe bnnk oaretaker irougb a small side door, and told him to re main up till we returned. ' Having done justice to au excellent little cold snack, washed down by a bottle of vi iy excellent port, I told my companion there was m need whatover for bim to go back to the lank with mt, as I could do well enough with mt him — at all events for the remainder of that light. He assented, telling me not to stay very ate. ' When I got to the bank, I set to my task ? vith renewed vigour, still failing to discover jxtended evidence of guilt in the absconding sasbier's book. By this time, although tho night was cold outsido, the room I was working in began, by reason of tho many gas jets buru ing, to grow uncomfortably warm. 1 began to feel drowsy, and at a quarter-past twi lve by tbe small clock on the mantelpiece, I dropped into an inviting easy chuir, and felt extremely like droppiug as well into a prolonged doze, but A as I had uo inteation that way, I struggli d against the inclination by raising my heavy eye lids at frequent intervals. ' I heard a neighbouring church clock boom forth tbe midnight hour, and, opening my Dyes, was just on the point of rising from my com fortable position with the intention of resuming work for another half hour, when I sa,w some tbiog that deterred me ; kept me, in fact, spell bouud in my scut. There, right before me a low yards away, uppeared the spectral furm of Wuatcott Bradley, the defaulting cashier. ' There was a sad — I might almost describs it as a chastened look ou the ghastly facu as though the spirit was experiencing profound, contrition for some misdeed the body had com-, mitted during life. ' I once mortt closed mv i»yps. r.hinlrinr* t.hfifc irhen I looked again the thing would have vau shed. But no! There was the shadowy figure :ommenoing to retreat slowly backwards, its transparent arm raised, the flishlesB band with its bony fingers beckoning me to follow. It re minded me of Hamlet and tbe ghost on the castle ramparts, only I assure you I fel-i precious little like tbe impetuous Prince ; I required no- holding back. I tried to speak; but tbe words I framed with my dry lips were inaudible even to myself. A- soon as the dbadii reached tbe open door leading into tbe main! room, I arose mechanically as though impelled! by some unseen power, and went with bated breath after the still slowly relreal ing appari* tion, It continued to wave its ghostly hand until the massive iron door whioh led to thti vault below, where the bullion aud securitioi* wore kept in huge safes, or ratber strong rooms, was reached. I quits expected to see the (laurel melt away in the orthodox manner. But l- trifling obstruction of this kind was no barrier} to the melancholy spirit of tbe peccant cashier! With an intense lingering last look of auguisli and a fiusl wave of tho arm moro emphatic than previously, it frimply, as it seemed to my be- ' wildered gaze, backed through the solid iror work. I cau ussure you 1 felt considerably re* lieveQ on baing rid of the apparition. Further! work was, of course, out of tho question, so £ summoned the caretaker to let me out, impart-4 ing nothing whatever to him regarding theB strauge experience 1 had just gonu through. ? ' Next morniug 1 called upon Mr. Turnover), before he left home, and recounted to him what* had takou place in his bank the night before* I was not in the least surprised at my story be« ing received with a smile of incredulity. ' ' My dear Forder,' said tbe worthy, but un-«, bblieving banker, ' you, of course, fell asleep ii\ the ohair and dreamed all this.' ? ~ ' ' Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Mfl^ Turnover,' I answered, warmly. ' Still, the old gentleman remained unconv vinced. ' 'Remember,' he went on banteringly, ' yovt had partaken of supper aud wine— generouB'; old port ? ' ' However, to bring my story within reason-' able bounds, I will just say that by the time wu had arrived at tho bank I had almost convinced* Mr. Turnover that I had seen tho ghost of Lit/ delinquent servant ; and he agreed, at my re quest, tbnt we sbcmld visit tLe vult togtthirs, ' though surely,' observed he, * you don't ecpecrj to encouuter your sad-faced Spook again, so* early in tho day ? ' 'When we had got down below and turned! up the gas, Mr. Turnover proceeded to opt- ri two large upright sale* standing against tha wall. ' ' Everything seems as usual,' he remarked'..' after stirvi ying tho interiors ' Your spirift evidently had uo particular tale to unfold, even; if you bail bten able to accompany him here/1 last night.' '' Why did it beckon to me so earnestly, in this dirictiou?' 1 remaikid. ??« Bjf tho way,' I added quickly, as my ' sceptical companion went about securing; ' the safes again,1 what of the big one over there to tbe left ; aren't you going to open that ?' ' ' Oh,' he answered carelessly, ? that is am old one not in uso ; has not been opened, li' should say, for several years. It is empty.' ' 'I suppose there is no objection to me hav ing a peep inside ?' '? '? ? ' ' Not the slightest. There is the kuy on the wall there !' ? : . ' I handed it to him, and he at once inserted it in tlaa lock, wbilo I staorl by ready to pull' the massive door asids. ' 'Dear me,' remarked Mr. 'I urnover, in sur prise, as ih» wards worked quite easily, 'I certainly expected some difficulty.' : ' I pulled at the heavy door, which swung quite smoothly,' just as it' it bad been opened daily with the otheri. ' Tbe next moment an txclumation of horrified surprise fell from the bunker's lips, as he started back several paces from before tbe front of the safe. ' I instantly sprang forward from behind tho pondeious door, uud followed thu direction of, ? my father-in-law's dilated eyes. ' Well might the old gentleman be-strongly affected I '.' There, on the circumscribed space of tie floor of the safe, lay the huddled figure of a man. His face was distorted aud horrible to look upon ! Tbe staring eyeballs and protrud ing tongue showed how he had met a horrible death by suffocation, ' ' Bradley !' ' I exclaimed, hs soon as I could find breath enough. '?Yes, it is Wcstcott Bradley,' said Mr. Turnover, in a lowly, husky wLisper. ' There was no doubt about it. Tho sicken ing spectacle upon whioh be gazed constituted tbo mortal remains of tbe man who had be trayed tho trust reposed in him by bis employ era. When the body came to bo removed to a place to awiit tbe Coroner's inquiry, several strong bulky leather pocket- books containing the proceeds intact of tho cashier's appropria tions wero discoyered. Ho tho bank really lost nothing, aud I gained a loving wife a good deal sooner than I should otherwise have done. Mr. Turnover was kind enough to say that,as I had been the means of recovering the bank's . - missing securities, I ought to brtvo my reward. I got it, and bavo never regrol ted for » single moment taking it. Nothing much was elicited at tbe inquest except the. information tbat the look of tie dis-used strong room worked spring wise, and it was conjectured that Brad ley, who bad evidently been using the safo for his own purposes, hud opened the door, then hung up tho key in its accustomed place, gone insido, and in a moment of forgetfulncss let the door come on the spring, and so made tbo receptacle for concealing bU pluudtr his living tomb.' Printed in Iftw South Waltt. 