Port Augusta Smelters. THAT'S WHERE THEY ARE. ON Tuesday Mr O'Loughlin, in reply to Mr McKenzie, said the En gineer in-Chief has received instructions to call for tenders for the erection of smelters at Port Augusta. In reply to Mr Burgoyne, he said that the specifications are being prepared. In 1889 a pithy and able little book was published and printed at our office under the heading " Barrier trade and Port Augusta," and in that work it was contended that Port Augusta was " the Natural site for Smelting Works and Coke Ovens." That is ten years ago and, although the Port, the district and the.colony at large has seen many changes, and political, municipal and private vested interests of other places have been strenuously opposed to anything that would materially benefit this place, yet the contentions that were then put forth in that book have not been up set, but, on the contrary, have been verified toaremarkable extent. During those ten years hard fightitsg and determination not to give way has been displayed by our representatives, both Parliamentary and Civic, and by the members representing the neighbouring constituencies—also by ourselves—and we say that to-day the views expressed in the work referred to are more than borne out. After a lot of talking, deputations, petitions and other well known means of persuasion, both public and private, had been brought to bear upon the Government, the Minister at last promised that we should have our desires granted. On September the 12th last the Minister of Mines announced that the Engineer in Chief had been ordered to call tenders for the erection of smelters at Port Augusta. Just one calendar month afterwards in the House, the reply, which is quoted at the head of this leader, was drawn from the Minister by Mr McKenzie, one of the members tor Flinders, and Mr Burgoyne, our own junior member. Since the first announcement week alter week, that interesting publication called the Government Gazette has been carefully examined and watched to see if anything like tenders had been called for, also the two dailies, but not a ghost of a smelter was to be seen, so in our issue of the 29th we gave the Government another polite hint that the people were beginning to get anxious and wanted to know why tenders had not been called. It would seem that our junior member and Mr McKenzie either read what we said, or were themselves of a similar opinion as ourselves, that it was high irae some practical move was made to tee wnat had become of the smelters, <md have elicited the fact that the specifications are being prepared in the Engineer-in-ChiePs office, ordered one month ago and yet not not ready. O ! the sublime inactivity, the consum mate coolness displayed by the servants m the Civil Service. If those plans and specifications had been ordered to be prepared in the office of a private firm they would have been out at least a fortnight ago. Such masterly slowness would land any private firm into the Insolvency Court pretty quickly, but as the draftsmen and clerks are paid out of the public purse, it seems 10 be a matter of small consideration how much time is wasted in the preparation of these plans. All this cost will be added to the cost of the smelters and then we shall be told byand-bye how much the Government has spent in order to give Port Augusta her rights, and be expected to say what a good Government it is. At ne rate of speed (?) adopted by these highly-paid Government officials it is very doubtful if the tenders will be accepted this year. A gross injustice it will be if they are not. However, the problem we have been trying to solve during the last month as to what had become of the smelters is answered. They are in the Engineer-in-Chiefs office, that's where they are. 