Our Sydney Letter RATIONAL VOTING. — It appears "that a deputation recently waited upou. Mr. Kingston of South Aastralia to urge the application of the Hare-Spence system of voting to the Federal elections. This method provides for a matter which one wou d think was absolutely necessary in-all methods of election, but which, as an absolute fact, is absent from the system in this oolouy, namely effective voting—a system which ensures'that the majority of the electors will rule. In ihiacolony if there are more than two candidates, for one seat the votes.become " split" and a candidate is often returned who represents actually a minority of the total number of voters wtio considered it "worth their while to to the poll, a . proceeding which owing to our detective method often devolves itself into a farce. Many people consider this plea for rational voting only a fad, but it is tiot. it is simple common sense. It would be rather much to hope to see a reform here before the Federal elections come off; under . -our present system it is not the best man who necessarily wins, but the lucky one. Is that satisfactory ? GHOSTS.—Our friends from Blarney -are complaining of the .presence of a • ghost, or some such supernatio ual being in their chief mine." The men we are told hear strange noises, bells ringing, singing, groaning; etc. ; miners going below have their caudles blown out by supernatural beings, arid they -feel something brush past them. Ever since the world began there have been ghosts and rumours of ghosts, but their .actual existence has never been proved in a Court of Law. THE FINANCES.—Next to our own financial position we are interested in those of the colony. Mr. Lyne refuses to indicate. whether lie intends to impose further taxation or not when he delivers his financial statement; yet if anyone wants tatf^g odds he had better say thSre will be 'iELdditibnartaxatioil in some Way because; The Government intend' tp «pend about £250^000 yearly in -Soads and Bridges and the actual primary" •cost of Federation to this. ;colony alone will be dVer #20^000; there is half a million a year «traight away. But where is this new taxation to come from ? Are we to hear £Cg%|n : vhe rajnours" of;a jew months ago that Mr. Lyne' could put on " purely i§-ee$.i^ide ' dufies an^.not violate his pledge to " sink the fiscal, issue,or •can 4t ^^i&^-tliat^ tfoterh^^E will go tor m "countiy for .absolutiori •from that pledge ? Parliament has a •good fitofcehiJ^utlib to ruij^et before the •effuxioii of'-tiMe; yet, op'the otherhai}d. Mr. Lyno &6uld'hav6 a fair ishow &f; -success if he were to go to the country now. .• ME. ** OOGHLAN'S POSITION^- -Having carefully read all the published correspondence -whichhas parsed between Mr. Coghlan!: and the Attorney General, the innocent citizen jwill wonder what it is all about. Reaqing between tHe lines a very plain' story is 'told; Mr. Coghlan evidently had what the school boys •would call the big end . of the stickj'^aiid yet he exhibited sufficient cf that discretion which is the better part ef valour "a not -pressing his 'advantage -too ^far. As it is,-at the worst he will have a good stout pension, •-at the best he will, arftw £850 a year as Government Statistician. Mr. Wise was bent on getting this great financial authority out of the way but could not do it. He is a member of-ibe Public Service Board, which is a statutory position and it would take a vote of JParliameat to dispossess him. As Statistician he is a civil servant and can only be removed by the Public Service Board ; hence Mr. Wise had a, -hard row to hoe and he was to a considerable extent sue •cessful. The man who never forgets any thing will .remind us that Mr. Wise bad his knife into CJoghlan during the Federal Campaign and said more. than*once in plain language, that the ^Government ought to have-jiim sacked, Luring the subsequent elections he never lost sight of the matter and now we .find him in a position that he can dp his worst "No •doubt the present position of Mr. Coghlan is anomalous but the practical minded inan will w^nt to know 'where the harm came in. If this embroglis is the outcome of mere animosity- on the part of the Attorney General owing tbth.eoppo3ltiou Mr. Coghlan showed to^Federation—and there is very strong evidepcer-m sfhpport of this explanation -^rit is by no means a complimentary commentary on Mr. Wise's toleration, THE' FIRE.—Generally big city fires have the bad taste to break out i» the flarly hours in the morning when 'ail •quiet people are far away, but the recent. <me at McLean ;Bros. and Biggs came along half past eleven and soon drew a big crowd. The firemen as usual madaa great show at .the; beginning, but .some amusement was.engendered'as when the cartridges began to'explode, tho firemen momenta^y^ reire'ated well knowing the cohBeiijuer.ces if a l^yge explosion took place and also to prepare a different method of attack as soon as the explosion took place. In the meantime, m a lia h of lightning, a few sailors from the menof war had swarmed up the ladders and set the hoses to work, thoroughly regardless of the possibilities of a great gun powder explosion. It made the firemen look silly' for a moment, very uDjuetly because firemen in Sydney are as brave as they make 'em, everyone who has seen them working a big fire knows that. However the crowd with warlike spirit on them, an ; 1 remembering what the Naval Brigade a;re doing at Ladysuiith, gave the blue jackets a tremendous ovation. 