Century Commemoration. Inaugural rieetings a Phenomenal Success. MAMMOTH TEA MEETING. Magnificent Public Meeting. Whatever doubts may have been enter tained, as to to the possibility of carrying out the decision of the Conference to commemorate the close of the 19th and the advent of the 20th ceutury by a thankoffering to God of Fifty Thousand Guineas, the magnificent demonstration of Monday last, May 22nd, should act as an inspiration of hope and a pledge of almost certainty that the objects aimed at will be obtained. On Sunday, in every church and preaching place throughout the colony, the President's letter was read and sermons were preached on the subject of the Century Commemoration. Being Whit Sunday, special reference was made to the outpouring of the Holy Ghost on the dav of Pentecost, and we learn that in many places the Word was with great power. On Monday devotional meetings were held in the Centenary Hall, , that in the forenoon being presided over by the ex-President of the Conference (Rev. E. J. Rodd) who in his opening address laid emphasis upon the necessity of keeping in- view the spiritual aspect of ..., the movement. His reference to his own personal experience, his early life and home experiences were tender and stimulating, rraise ana prayer were intermingled with testimonies and those who were present felt it good to be there. Tbe afternoon meeting was led by the Rev. J. A. Nolan who struck a note of cheerful thankfulness which was sus tained throughout the meeting. There was a large attendance and the three addresses were listened to with much interest and enjoyment, The first speaker was the Rev. J. E. Carruthers, who said there were two or three points of resem blance between the Fund now being inaugurated and the stone of remem brance set up by Samuel between, Mizpah and Shen,.and called by him. Ebenezer. That was a national recognition of God, a tribute of grati tude, and an altar of devotion. The age of Samuel was to a large extent an uninstructed age. We are apt to judge of it by Samuel himself, an heroic soul, and a saintly spirit* But Isrealwas the one and only nation that knew any thing of Jehovah, and was surrounded by nations that practised idolatry — an example that Israel itself was not slow to follow. Hence it was a wise and a pious act on the part of Samuel on this the occasion of a national deliverance to set up a national recognition of Jehovah, and say, ' Hitherto hath the Lord helped us.' If that was wise and. necessary then, it is nob less so now. One of the great merits of this Century Commemoration Fund is that it puts God in the forefront? ....It is a religious movement. It is based. upon the recog nition of the Divine in history and life. And do we not need to be reminded as a people and a nation , that in knowledge of Him standeth our eternal life. As regards public peace and prosperity, in keeping His commandments there is great reward. Bub Samuel's sbone bf remembrance was also a bribute of grabibude. Similarly the Cenbury Fund was a thankful recognition of the great and numerous blessings bestowed by Almighty God upon their Church in Australia during the century now closing. The history of the nineteenth century remained to be written, but it was certainly one of the most magnifi cent the world Had yet seen. Take it in relation to the discovery and progress of Australia, or the growth of Metho dism in general or of Australasian Methodism in particular, and they would find occasion for cultivating au expression of gratitude to Almighty God. Samuel's act was national, their Fund was denominational. That altar was set up in presence of all the tribes, so the Commemoration Fund was being raised in sight of all the Christian Churches of the land. But it was not to be the act of any one man, but of every man, woman and child amongst them. To this they were called by their own self-respect, by a sense of the debt they owed to Chaist and by the conviction that this Fund would mean increased usefulness to their Church and added blessing to the colony in the century yet to come. Mr. C. Gorman, who was announced as a grandson of Mr. John Lees, was called on for an address. He said that John Lees, though in humble circum stances in life, heard and responded to the Divine call and felt the touch of Divine love, and he as his grandson, wanted to honor his forefathers and his God. He made affectionate reference to the ministers of the Church he had known and of the work in which they . were engaged in spreading Scriptural holiness throughout the land. They were now face to face with a very important movement, but though the task set before them was a great one, they would be able by the blessing of God to accomplish it. There were difficulties which the pioneers had to contend against but they bravely set themselves to work and with the blessing of God they succeeded in planting and fostering Methodism on this continent. He (Mr. Gorman) owed all he has to God and Methodism and, feeling as lie did, an impulse came to him from the fact that his grandfather was instru mental in the erection of the first Methodist Church in Australasia and the presence of an aged mother who had seen 80 winters and was still amongst them — prompting him to spend whatever strength or influence he might possess in extending the wonders and influence of Methodism in every possible direction in this land. After the hymn ' See how great a flame aspires ' had been sung and Mr. E. H. Ducker had led in prayer, the Eev. J. Woodhouse was called upon. He said he had preached the jprevious day upon the fund and he felt lie could not go over€that ground again ? but God had given him a message to that meeting from His own word. It was this, ' Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me the works that I do shall he do also and greater works than these shall he do because I go to my father.' This was a great promise and a great prophecy and it had occurred to him to look if it had been in anyway fulfilled. Pentecost was the fulfilment of that prophecy ; greater works were performed on that day in the conversion of souls on a larger scale than ever during the time of Christ. Since then the progress of Christianity was on a scale greater than that of Christ's day. Look too at th* multiplication of philan thropic and religious agencies in the later years He healed a few compara tively speaking but in later days the blessing of God upon medical science had been the means of saving more lives than was possible nineteen cen turies ago. It is only three jubilees since Methodism was born and to-day there are more than three millions of diBciples of Christ in England as the result of its labours, and in the world, the adherents of that Church num bered about 30 millions. In our own land since the year 1812 when the first class-meeting was held and 1815 when the first missionary landed on these shores there were in the colony' of New South Wales alone, not to reckon the other colonies and the missions, 10,000 members and nearly 90,000 adherents. These figures meant 'progress. Metho dism had exercised a . tremendous influence on the world at large. Voltaire, the great French infidel, said on one occasion, ' We don't profess to instruct cobblers and maidservants ; we leave that to the Apostles.' What happened as the result of leaving the masses alone? — The French Revolution; when the fair land was deluged with blood. In England Methodism, preached to cobblers and servant maids, and coal miners and artisans, the poor had the Gospel preached to them, and a possible nay, probable, revolution in England was averted. At the first Ecumenical Conference in London, Dr. Osborn asked, the great question, ' What hath God wrought ?' and the next question was, ' What would God not have done if ? ?' If the people had risen to the opportunities placed before them by God, what might He not have done? They were warranted in expecting that what had been done would be far trans cended by what will be done if they only took hold of the power of God as they might. Mr. Woodhouse then referred to the great spiritual move ments of recent years, the University Student's Christian Union, with its roll of 55,000 members, 3,000 of whom have gone into the Christian ministry, and 4,000 others engaged in other departments of Christian work ; the Christian Endeavour movement with its 54,500 societies and millions of members. The question was some times asked, can society be saved ? Can thiB complex modern life of ours be brought into harmony with the teachings of Jesus Christ ? Can politics be puri fied ? Can the lost and outcast in our great cities be brought to the feet of Jesus ? Can these things be ? If so, how ? Here is the answer. ' He that believeth in Me, the works that I do shall he do also and greater works than them shall he do.' Let us show our belief to the extent of our personal sacrifice. He concluded by some personal testimony as to God's goodness to him when left an orphan at the age of eight years. He would have been trained as a Roman Catholic but that he was taken care of by a Methodist aunt till he was 14 years of age and then sent into the office of the Duke of Norfolk's colliery. There he received early promotion and by means of a friend, who was now a minister in Victoria, he was converted to God and afterwards joined the Sunday school and eventually entered the ministry. He felt, when he looked back upon his past, impelled to pledge himself to do all he could for the glory of God and the advancement of Methodism. Another hymn was sung, the Revs. C. J. Prescott and W. W. Rutledge led in prayer, the benediction was pro nounced and a very delightful meeting was brought to a close. 