LOCAL AND GENERAL. The Classification of Land. — In reply to a charge recently made by Mr. C, A. Piesse, M.L.C., to the effect that settlement was being retarded by defective classifica- tion of the land — all being entered as first- class, the Minister of Lands explains that on the contrary, the field officers, to whom applications are submitted, are careful to inspect and report approximately upon the quantity of first, second, and third-class land contained in that applied for. Every man may apply for a second or third class grazing lease, even in cases in which the land may be all first-class. Field officers, however, are instructed to inform the applicant if the land is too good to rank as second or third class, Instructions also have been given to the officei's not to be too strict in their classification, but to make use of a small quantity of good land to sell a large inferior area. Tin Yield. — The tin sent away by rail from Greenbushes during the month of October amounted to 85 tons 5 cwt. This is not only the highest return for any month, but is within a shade of one half the total yield of the preceding eleven months. The Angora Goat— Inquiries we see are being made as to the suitability of W.A. for the Angora goat. The colony is said to be pavticulai'ly well adapted to the necessities of the animal, which should thrive here in a very remarkable degree. The industry in question is, however, one among the many that have long engaged the attention, more or less spasmodic, of Australian settlers, and like others it has not as yet attained any very notable pro portions. Whether this may be due to the apathy that in many cases seems to prevail with regard to other useful proposals we cannot venture to say. If, nevertheless, a little more enterprise were shown by settlers generally and less fear of innova tions or experiments evinced by them, a more prosperous condition of things might be the rule. W.A., no doubt, as well as the other colonies, has many resources that have as yet been left untested. The Angora goat, as our readers are no doubt aware, is valued for its hair, which is specially long and fine. The " Southern Cross Miner." — We have received the first number of the Southern Cross Miner, a well printed and smartly written newspaper, published at Southern Cross. The Yilgarn field is now receiving a little of that attention it deserves, but has never fully received from mining men and speculators. We feel sure that The Miner will ably represent the interests of this heretofore neglected, but now progressive, goldfield. Death of a York Identity.— An old identity named John Thomas, commonly known as "Taffy Tom" died at the York Hospital on November 1st. The Maine Disaster. — The London Morning Post declares that the detectives have discovered the author .of the explo sion whereby the United States battleship Maine was blown up in the harbor at Havana in February last year. It is asserted that the culprit promises, to con fess everything if he is allowed to go unpunished. It will be remembered that this, terrible occurrence precipitated the Spanish- American war. A Good Harvest. — On Thursday we (Albany Advertiser) received a fine sample of wheat grown on Mr. Treford's ' selection near Narrogin. The sheaf stood 5ft 9in in height and we are informed that Mr. Tre- ford has a crop of 200 acres of wheat of a similar growth. The wheat season should be" most successful for farmers along the Great Southern Railway as the rainfall has been distributed evenly and generally just at the right moment. The crops on the whole, we understand, are looking splendid. A Jesuit Explorer. — The State Historical Society of Wisconsin honoured the memory of a noble Jesuit missionary on September 6tli, when a bronze tablet was unveiled at De Pere, upon the site of the chapel erected in 1(371 by Father Claude Allouez. Bishop Messmer, of Green Bay, delivered the principal address. The De Pere mission was the second Catholic mission chapel built in Wisconsin. It was known as the Jesuit Mission of St. Francis Xavier. Father Allouez had the distinction of building the first church on Wisconsin territory — the Mission of the Holy Ghost, at Ashland, in 1665. Claude Jean Allouez was born in France in 1620, and died near St. Joseph's River, in the present State of Indiana, in 1660. He went to Quebec from France in 1690. As a Jesuit mission ary he traversed tlie regions of Lake Superior and parts of the Mississippi Valley, and left interesting records of his experiences and observations. In 1676 h re-established permanently at Kaskasia. 111., the mission that was begun by Mar quette, but abandoned on the approach of La Salle. His observations on the Indians were published in the Jesuit " Relations." H.A.C;B.S. — We have received a letter from a correspondent who finds much of which to disapprove in the deeds or omis sions of this Society. They omitted, he says, to appear as a body at the general communion of the men, which preceded the close of the Redemptorist mission last Sunday in the Cathedral, and doubtless their absence reflects unfavourably on their Catholic spirit. Our correspondent has also a word or two to say about the manner in which certain recent meetings of the Perth and Fremantle branches were conducted. We do not, however, see that much good could come of our publishing the letter in question. If the branches referred to need amendment, the matter is more weighty than to be effectually dealt with in a newspaper controversy. A tu quoque contest would probably be all that would result, or the erring body might even be hardened in their undesirable courses. Old , Age Pensions. — Cardinal Vaughan, recently replying to a deputation of trade unionists in London on the subject of old age pensions, said lie felt most strongly that a proper and adequate provision must be made for the aged poor. It was impossible for the average wage-earner to save money, and, although workmen should be encour aged to practice thrift, no scheme could be satisfactory in which men themselves had to contribute to the fund. He would not discriminate too closely between deserving and undeserving poor ; he would propose a pension of ten shillings a week to neces sitous persons at sixty-five. It should be easy to obtain the necessary, funds for such a scheme. A Note of Progress. — Satisfactory testimony to the progress being made by the colony was incidentally borne the other day by the Commissioner of Railways. The occasion was that of a deputation of private cattle firms who waited on the Minister to complain of the excessive charges and in convenient arrangements made by the Department in connection with their industry. It also, by-the-way, transpired that the Department had been rendering it self liable to a charge of cruelty to animals, the loading of the cattle at Robb's Jetty taking place in the summer afternoons when they were in a heated condition from being driven about in the sandy yards, and no water being available for them to drink until they arrived at Coolgardie in the middle of the second night— sheep, more over having to wait for water until day light, To humane people, in comparison with this, the deterioration of the meat, mentioned as a consequence of the over heating, may seem less to be iegarded. The satisfactory point, however, to which we have referred occurred in the reply of the Commissioner. The position of the department, he said, was that it found itself with a greatly increasing traffic, and . it was beginning to be short of rolling- stock. A large quantity of new stock had been ordered. All Halllows Annual, 1899. — We have to acknowledge the receipt of this excellent publication. Containing, as it does, the details of a year's work in an institution of such importance and such world-wide associations as All Hallows College, the annual must necessarily for that alone be of extreme interest. Apart from this, however, the literary contents of the volume, as for example the admirably written biographical sketches of dis tinguished alumni, render it most attractive. The annual is also numerously illustrated with well executed photographs of prelates, ecclesiastics connected with the college, and others, and views of the building and . its surroundings. It is neatly and taste fully turned out. A Notable Grievance. — Our Southern Cross correspondent complains that the Railway Department with - holds from Catholic children, living at the railway sidings along the Yilgarn line, and who attend the Catholic school, the free passes that are granted to children attending the State school. Our correspondent adds " That the present arrangement savours very much of an attempt to force Catholic children living along the line into State schools." But our correspondent might put the matter more forcibly and make his charge direct. The case is one that should be brought under the attention of the Government, If it does not thus obtain amendment, moreover, it should be brought before the House. The War. — News from the scene of the war is by no means so full or clear in detail as might be desirable. If correspondents are in attendance their contributions to the newspapers they represent, seem not to be very remarkable for their brilliancy. It may, however, be gathered that, although they are going ahead more slowly than had been expected, aud Lord Wolseley admits that the Boers are more numerous and more powerful than had been calculated, the British arms have suffered no check that presages final defeat. The capture of 1,500 British soldiers, such as that which took place the other week near Ladismith, might indeed appear ominous, but it has been explained as resulting partly from bad . generalship — that to wit of Sir George White — an Irishman by-the- way from Ulster — and partly from a stampede of the mules that were drawing the maxim guns and ammunition wagons, Of the men so captured — and who belonged to the . Royal Irish Fusiliersand Gloucestershire regiment about one hundred are reported as having escaped aud returned to Ladismith, and the rest are said to be killing time at Pretoria by playing foot-ball. Kimberley continues invested by the Boers but is so far safe. Colenso, however, a town in Natal some 70 miles from Pietermaritzburg, the capital, much to the alarm of the latter town, has been taken and looted by the enemy. On the other hand a twofold Boer defeat is re- ported from a place called Tatham's Farm near Ladismith. The enemy are said to have suffered severely. Proceedings, mean time, to meet the necessities of the case and send reinforcements are being busily con ducted by the military authorities in England — whese also the charitable are engaged with marked success in raising a patriotic fund. It is to be feared that the campaign will be long and tedious, with much loss of life and destruction of pro perty. The Shamrock's Latest Form. — The " Daily Mail's " New York correspondent, says — The one topic of conversation is the magnificent performence of the Shamrock at her trial spin. Sir Thomas Lipton's boat ran fiftten miles out and home in a good stiff fourteen to fifteen knot breeze, with her jack yard topsail set, in 2 hours 20 minutes 37 seconds. The broad reach both ways was the Shamrock's best sailing .point, but it was a fine performance right through, and the run was far faster than she has ever done over a similar distance in American waters before. Everyone con nected with the boat is delighted, and even the critics are profoundly impressed. They perceive that the Shamrock has never "be fore exhibited her full form, and they doubt whether she has even now entirely revealed it. Carnival at the Boulder. — A largely attended meeting of ladies was held on the 2nd instant, in All Hallow's Church, Boulder, for the purpose of arranging for the forthcoming carnival. The Rev. Father O'Carroll presided. Mrs. Byrne was ap pointed president, and Miss Quinlan secre tary. The following were chosen as stall holders : — Boulder Stall, Miss Lane ; In ternational Stall, Mrs. Byrne and Mrs. Kregger ; Lake View Stall, Mrs. Considine, Miss Pauley ; Hibernian Stall, Mrs. Mannion, Mrs. O'Malley ; Minos Stall, Mrs. Boxall and Mrs.Reilly ; Refreshment Stall, Mrs. T. Hughes, Miss Banks ; Post and Telegraph Tent, Miss Florrie Mannion, Miss M. Critchley, and Miss Dillon. Co - lectors were appointed to canvass for sub scriptions at both Ifalgoorlie. and the Boulder. Wedding at Busselton. — On Wednes day, the 1st instant, at the Roman Catholic Church, Busselton, the Rev. Father Treacy united in the holy bonds of wedlock, Mr. H. C. R. Tyers, of Bunbury, to Miss Minnie Agnes McDonald, only daughter of the late ' Sergeant McDonald. There were a lai-ge number of friends present in the church, both bride and bridegroom being well and favorably known in the district. After receiving the hearty congratulations and best wishes of their friends, the newly wedded pair left for Bunbury — their future home. Cruel Sport. — Frenchwomen are be coming experts at pigeon shooting — one or two well-known ladies equal and even excel their male friends at this sport. Yet there are other women — French and English women — who cannot even endure to be present at this cruel sport. Cure for Sickness. — For sea-siekness Frenchwomen are trying tho effect of wearing red spectacles with, I hear, very good results. The colour red is said to affect te brain through the optic nerve and bring the blood back to the head, and thus check sea-sickness. A Millionaire's Estate. — The Master in Equity has decided that a large number of persons are next of kin of the late Mr. James Tyson. The case of ove£ two hundred other claimants will be dealt with in February next. The deceased bachelor, millionaire, was probably unaware that he had so many relatives. The West Australian Contingent.: — The departure .from Perth, on Saturday last, of the Westralian unit of the Aus tralian Contingent for the Transvaal, formed a memorable incident in the history of this colony. The. streets .were thronged with people, who wildly cheered the volunteers as they marched through the principal thoroughfares of the city. After being received by the Mayor at the Town Hall, the officers and men of the Contingent were entertained at tea by Mr. S. H. Parker, Q.C., at his residence, St. George's Terrace. On entraining at the Central Station for Albany, the volunteers were again enthusiastically cheered by many thousands of people who had congregated in the vicinity to witness their departure. At York and other places on the road to Albany small— but none the less enthusi astic—demonstrations took place. The Premier, Sir John Forrest, Mr. George Leake, aud other prominent men visited Albany to bid the volunteers farewell. The Medic, with the Victorian, South Australian, West Australian, and Tus- mauion contingents, left Albany on Wednesday morning. Mr. A. Hutton, who for a considerable time was employed at The Record office as machinist, but who through continued ill- health, deemed it necessary to engage in other employment, has lately acquired the Cash Store, conducted by Mr. Skipper, 310 James' Street, West Perth. His many friends will wish him a speedy return to health in his new occupation, and also success in his business venture. 