STILE IN PBOSE. ? — t NEW number 1 -J[J fi of the 'Ed- 1 ^y^T(\ / ^^ i n b u r gh 1—1) \\\\-J M?2- Review' ^iSP^W «*taB ar ^-ir=^/ ,Li ticla o n Some T e n d e n cies of Prose f Style.' The ' title is, per ' haps, [not a p e rfect m o del of pure E n E I lish. But the subject 1 is one well worth treat I ing, and it has bean I treated in an ingenious J manner. Before drop I ping into prose the \ writer makes a prelim inary incursion into poetry. He quotes weDsters incomparably beautiful line — Cover her face; mine eyes dazzle; she died young, and he asks what it is apart from its setting. We answer that it is an imitable specimen of con densed and lurid eloquence which does not de pend for its haunting beauty and power upon the fact that it was spoken by a brother of the 6ister whom he had murdered. But would not her eyes, if we may ask the question with reverence, be better than mine? They shone with an un earthly light, though, to cite the only English dramatist who was indisputably Webster's sup erior, death's * pale flag had not advanced there. 'The best poetry is untranslatatee.' That is true. And when people talk about the obscurity of Browning's verse they often, not al ways, mean no more than that the idea is incap able of prosaic expression. . 'No one,' says the reviewer, 'since the world was created ever wrote better prose than Swift.' That is rather a sweeping statement. Swift was a great master of simple and lucid English. But he never rises to the heights of Milton or Bacon, or Sir Walter Raleigh, or Sir Thomas Browne. The final chap ter of Browne's 'Treatise on Urn Burial,' is per haps the high water mark of English prose. It js like the finest music played by perfect musi cians upon the noblest instruments. There is nothing in Swift on the same level, or anything like it. The passage in Milton's 'Areopagilica,' beginning, 'I cannot praise a fugitive and clois tered virtue' is as much superior to Swift's highest efforts in prose as 'Comus' is superior to Dryden's highest efforts in verse. Or take Ba con. 'Prosperity is the blessing of the Old Tes tament. Adversity is the blessing of the New. . . . . Yet even upon King David's harp you shall hear as many hearse-like airs as carols, and the pencil of the Holy Ghost hath labored more in describing the afflictions of Job than the j felicities of Solomon.' Swift avoids the fate of | Icarus, though he did try in an evil moment to I imitate Pindar. He never, or hardly ever, falls ! below himself. But it is doing him no kindness to exalt him above measure. In his own line ; he was consummate. Beyond the region of per- ? spicuous statement and exquisitely appropriate^ ; illustration, his sober wishes 'never learned to ? stray. His flight was unerring. It was not j ; lofty nor bold. Simplicity is a great thing. But i ; it is not sublimity,' though the sublimest effects 1 are sometimes the simplest. It is strange that a writer who admires Swift, j as we think, so extravagantly, should also com- ' mend the following extract from Professor Ra leigh: 'According as they endeavor to reduce letters to some large haven and abiding-place of civility, or prefer to throw in their lot with the centrifugal tendency, and ride on the flying crest of change, are writers dubbed classic and roman- i tic.' We must confess that that seems to us the very worst kind of fine writing. But wheth er that be so or not, there can be no doubt what j Swift would have thought of it. He would have asked whether an 'abiding-place of civility' was a drawing-room or a coffee-house. No one ac quainted with his marginal^ notes on Burnet's 'History of Dr. Gibbs's Psalms' would venture even to suggest his comments on the process of throwing in your lot with a centrifugal tenden cy. The idea of riding on a crest would have supplied him with a score of ludicrous images, and he would have humbly submitted that in the last clause 'and' ought to be 'or.' The greatest writer of -prose was not Swift, nor even Professor j Raleigh, but Plato. He has stood the test of time. He has appealed with equal force to men of every civilised nation, of every literary age, of every religious creed. Tet he has never been called simple. We cannot pretend to say wheth er he threw in his lot with a centrifugal tendency or rode on a flying crest. But by casting almost all his work into the form of dialogue he taught through the example, which is better than pre cept, that the most exquisite prose resembles the conversation of the best educated men. Simpli city is a great thing, and Professor Raleigh, if he could spare the time from his centrifugal and centripetal tendencies, might cultivate it with ad vantage. But it is not the only thing, and it easily degenerates into twaddle. There are few more fascinating writers of English prose /than Charles Lamb, and he can hardly be called sim ple. He is humorous, fantastic, irregular, re velling in the quaint and unexpected. To com pare him with Swift, or with Goldsmith, or with Addison, whom he must have abhorred, is futile for want of a common standard. He is every thing that they are not. ' They are sometimes commonplace, and he never is. Tet Swift, and Goldsmith, and Lamb are all great writers of English prose. Professor Raleigh would proba bly say that the eighteenth century was centri petal, and that the nineteenth has been centrifu gal. .. We prefer to say that for the best style simplicity, however desirable, is not essential. What is essential is beauty. The finest passages of De Quincey, who can only be read by ordinary mankind in extracts, revealed, as Mr. Leslie Ste phen says, new powers in the English language. Magnificent they are — the dream in the 'Confes- sions of an English Opium-Eater,' and the three ladies of sorrow in 'Suspiria de Prbfundis.' Simple they -most assuredly are not. 'Newman'a writing,' says the 'Edinburgh Review,' ' derives straight from the fountain head of English.' What is that? Newman himself says that' his only master was Cicero, who was scarcely the fountain head of English, whatever else he may have been. The remark might have been made with more justice of By ron, because Byron?s prose is saturated with Shakspere. . But then, Byron, -as Mr. Ruskin Ting so admirably said, wrote English as an eagle flies. He had not, indeed, the art which we are told that Professor Raleigh 'practises to admiration,' apparently before a looking-glass. He was not equal to 'evoking a beautiful procession of words that go : upon their way singing,' like the fa mous blackbirds when the pie was opened. The Athanasian. Creed may be 'said or sung.' But prose out of church, is not meant for singing. it is. curious tnat a critic Bnouia ortng Newman and Proude into one. essay without perceiving, or at least without : mentioning, the. mutual re lation In -which they stood.' If ever one writer imitated another, Froude. imitated Newman. 'Proude's merit, says the reviewer, 'cannot be shown by quotation ot an extract.' We demur to this dogmatic assertion. 'We would under take to find fifty characteristic passages from his '.Erasmus.' The account of Cranmer's mar tyrdom in the history, is, however, enough to re- ; fute the reviewer's statement. It is Froude at his best. It is dignified, picturesque, and Im pressive English without a flaw. Louis Steven son has besn, in our opinion, over praised. He has been likened to Sir Walter Scott, which in jures him, and not Sir Walter. ? Still, he wrote an admirable style, which had almost every merit except simplicity. He himself has 'told the pub lic with wonderful candor the names of all tie authors he studied, and the precise beniefit which he derived from each. In his case the experiment succeeded. In the case of almost any other man it would have failed. And after all, without a hint of disparagement to 'Weir or Hermiston,' or 'Across the Plains,' we must. not forget that the greatest writers are the. most original, those whose books, like Montaigne's, are themselves. The reviewer gives us the customary sermon on the defects of Mr. Meredith's style: With all respect to him, we have heard it before, and we do not care to hear It again. We do not -want everyone to write like everyone else. Mr. Mere dith has a style of his own, which combines grace with sublety, .eloquence with humor, and beauty with strength. The alleged obscurity of his books is dispelled by the simple process of read ing them aloud. Mr. Meredith' may not go on his way singing. But his readers, if they can taste what is good, go on their way rejoicing. — 'Daily News.' . 