CIRCUIT COURT , (Bîfore His Honor Mr. Justice Walker.) ] TUB bittingä of the '"ircuit Court at Dnbw were opened yesterday (Tuesday) befort Mr. Justice Walker, Mr. White being Judge's Associate. Mr. J. Bolin acted ai Crown Prosecutor, being instructed by Mr Kidston, of the Crown Liw Office Mr. 1. C. K. McKell, P.M., acted as Deputy Sheriff. ARBAIONMEKTS. Joseph Bishop pleaded guilty to the fol lowing charges :- Stealing on March 12, six heifers, the property of B. Harris; stealing on March 20, one cow and one calf, the Sroperty of John Crenients ; stealing on [arch ll, one heifer, the property of T. H. Barker, and one cow, tba property of A.. W. B. Ferguson. He'was remanded for sentence ASSAD LT AK o ROBBEBT IN COOTMJJT. John Williams, John D i vis. John Wilson, and Walter Scott, were arraigned for hav ingon March 27, at Narromine, in company assiulted ono .lames Hegarty aud robbed him of the sum of M Hs 2d. They all pleaded not guilty. Mr. Kyan appearei for Williams. The accused challenged eight jurymeu. James Hegarty deposed he was in Narromine on March 27 at the Royal Hotel; saw accused there; shortly after ll p.m. he left to go home ; he turned into a lane ; he was accosted by Davis, who at tempted to interfere with him ; then tho others came up ; he shoved them off and tried to get away ; they followed hun and he escaped into the kitchen of a bouse in the occupation of Mrs. Poole ; they came after him and dragged him ou*- ; he came half'voluntanly, as he thought that after all he might be able to get away from tbem better outside; Williams then put his arm rouud his ¡witness's) throat, Wilson caught ins (witness's) hand with his teeth and bit it, and Scott pul his hand in witnoss's pocket and took the purse ; witness was calling for help all the time ; Mr. Mont gomery (the night-watchmtn) came up, tiring three shot« as he did so ; when he reached the spot he (witness) was sitting on the ground bleeding from the blows and kicks received ; was positive as to the identity of the men ; was coe drinking heavily daring the evening-had had two or three " hard drinks" during the day ; the whole hustling occupied about twenty minutes ; the distance was about fifty yards ; he was sober, and he believed ac cused also were sober ; it was a fact that the hotel had changed hands that day; be lieved there were free drinks there that evening ; was calling out for help during the assault ; would have got away from them if he had not got into the house ; it was not a fact that any policeman advised him to go to accused's camp. James Montgomery, employed as night watchman at Narramine, deposed that while on duty about midnight he heard cries of murder ; he went down and saw a man named Hegarty lying on the ground ; four men were round him ; they were thc four accused ; witness fired three shots over them to frighten them ; there were no police in the town ; had had Winkle (Williams) under observation during the evening ; left with Mrs. Stewart (the wife of the local senior constable) the names of two of the men, so as to assist her husband to act in the morning. John Healey, licensee of Boyal Hotel, Narromine, deposed that Hegarty was drinking at his (witness's) hotel on the night referred to ; he had a few hard drinks " there ; he changed a pound note and apparently had other monies ; knew one or two of the accused by sight. Elizabeth Poole deposed that on the evening of March 27 she heard a man call ing out " murder" and " police" ; the noise seemed to come from near the hotel ; then she heard wrestling in her kitcheu ; she then heard the bick door fly open ; she called out for help ; Montgomery caine up ; she did not go out till some time after, when Hegarty came for his hat ; while thc struggle was going on in thc kitchen she lizard bad language used ; heard nothing about " robbery," but heard one man say " bet me go" ; they were there about five or ten minutes. Sidney Bell, labourer, Narromine, deposed that on the evening of 27th he heard a row and heard Hegarty calling out ; saw four other men there ; was not near enough to identify them ; lie went back for assistance and when he got back the four had gone ; it was near Mrs. Poole's where he saw the scuffle. Sergeant James McDonnell deposed that be and two other police officers went with Hegarty in seareh of the men alleged to have committed the assault ; they came to accuseds' camp ; Hegarty said that the four accused had assaulted and robbed him and he gave them in charge ; Williams said in reply " Let us come on " ; the four then went to where their swags were and rolled them np and went with thc police ; in reply to the charge they said they knew nothing about it. Davis, Wilson, and Scott, oalled on by His Honor, said tbey had nothing to say. Williams also had no defence to offer Hr. Kyan addressed the jury on hts behalf, claiming that Hegarty hod been contra dicted on material points. At 2 p.m. the jury returned into Court with a verdict of guilty of assault with intent to rob against all accused. They were remanded for sentence. ALLEOED STE ALIÑO. W. Wilson was arraigned for stealing from one Cecilia Cameron on February 10 ut Dubbo six collars.cuff s and other articles, also for assaulting and robbing the said Cecilia Cameron and robbing her of one gold finger ring. Thc accused, who was undefended, chal lenged one juror. Constable McGuflio deposed to the arrest of accused in a paddock behind Stevens' brewery ; on demand ho gave up thc ring to witness ; a man who was there (and ts as accused's half brother) claimed that " Sis" Cameron had. originally taken the riug from him ; accused said that he and his brother removed the box to the camp by " Sis" Cameron's instructions. Cecilia Cameron gave evidence that ac cused came to Uer at thc house of a China man with whom she was living; he asked her to go out and live with him again ; she refused ; he then asked her for a ring on her finger, which she refused to give ; he then bent her finger back and took the ring; she was under the influence of drink at the time; he said the place was not a fit one for her to bc in and he asked her to leave it; she had previ ously lived with accused for some years ; after accused assaulted her he left and she then missed her box from the Chinauian'e (Ah Wung's) ; afterwards went with the constable to accused's camp near the brewery and found her box there; she had previously been to Nyngan with accused ; on her return she stayed a day with him and then left and went to tho Chinaman's ; she had been thero a week when accused came to the house ; tho swag and, clothing were her property; did not remember offering to allow accused to re move the ring. Ah Wong, cook, residing in Darling street, Dubbo, gave evidence corroborative of that given by previous witness. Fer the defence, Accused called, as a witness, his half brother, William Witheraton, who deposed that Sis Can aron waa at their camp every night (except two) for the week prior to accused's arrest; he (witness) went to the door of - the Chinaman's with Sis Cameron, and helped to carry «,way-a tru»k (rom tto C^is^nan/s feo I accused's camp; the bos remained at the camp till the following Friday; he had taken eome clothes to the laundry on be half of Sis. Cameron on the previous day ; the ring referred to in thu case was hie (witness's) ; on Thursday evening he (wit ness/ told accused that he (witness) had the promise of a job and was going out of town, and asked him, if he saw " Sis ", Cameron, to get the ring from her ; when ' he (accused) came back from town he was wearing the ring ; witness did not ask for j it as accused was under the influence of drink; sinoe February he (witness) hid been about the country looking for work - not " working " ¡ had served a sentence for larceny. Lilian Reid deposed that on February 0 she went to accused's camp to get some washing; no one was there; she looked in the tent and saw a ring and some women's clothing, also a <iu trunk ; it resembled the one before the Court ; tbö àaj of the week was Thursday. Maud Brucj Gale gave similar evidence. Margaret D mnelly deposed that she lived at u Chinaman's in South Dubbo ; was present wheu accused called on Sis Cameron about the ring; she refused to go with him ; he then asked for the ring and she refused to give it ; ultimately she said " You can have it for all it's worth " and he took it; afterwards accused smacked her in the face ; " Sis " Cameron had been living with the Chinaman ever since ; she had not been living there prior to the day accused culled Two other witnesses, called, did not appear. lu rebuttal. Cecilia Cameron was called and denied various statements made by Witherston ; did not, to her knowledge, tell the accused he could have the ring for what. it was worth ; bought thc ring for 19s ; was under the influence of liquor when she bought it. Accused addressed the jury, pointing out that he had never been seen in connection with thu box, and that he hod made no effort to conceal the ring. His Honor summed up. The jury after a short retirement re turned into Court with a verdict of not guilty on each count and accused was dis charged. His Honor said be would not object to thu giving up of the clothing to Cecilia Cameron ; but he would make no order as to the ring. The sittings of the Court were thou ad journed till 10 a m. this day (Wednesday). GOLD ANDSILVEB f ELLUEIDES.-A speci men case of tellurides from West Australia ias been despatched by the Mines Depart ment to this district, and is now ia the :are of the Warden's Clerk (Mr. R. T. Maetíüvin, C.P-"i.), where it may be in spected by miners an i others interested. Hitherto tellurium has not been found in :his colony, associated with gold and silver ; but the specimens from Kalgoorlie aow on view at the Court House prove that mineralogical formations of this kind may be met with. The tellurides, which were il fact obtained near the surface, show oxidisation due to weathering ; and one or two pieces of ore present what is known is thu "mustard-like" condition. Th* presence of gold and silver is distinctly traceable ; and as experts are aware of ^eoloçical formations in this colony pre senting many resemblances to thc '. Ands " in Kalgoorlie, an examination of these tellurides might well lead to important developments in thc mining districts of this colony. Mr. MacNevin~on behalf of Jlr. l.C. I£. M'Kell, P.M., Warden-will ne only too willing to place these speci mens before practical investigators of our mineral areas. i HE SALVATION AEMV.-Oa Monday last, April 10, General tioeth, the founder of the Salvation Army, reached his seventieth birthday. The event is to be celebrated by a gigantic effort on the part of the anny throughout the world to raise 70,000 additioual soldiers, 70,001» juniors, to raise the circulation of the army's publi cations by 70,000, to increase the sitting accommodation in the army's buildings by 70,000, to enrol 70,000 new officers, to in crease the accommodation in the social institutions by 70,000, and to raise £70.030 for army purposes. The following extracts from the current WAH CET will show the strides the army has made since its founda tion:-"1861: In this year the Rev. Wm. Booth, then a minister of the Methodist >ew Connexion Church, went forth, in obedience to the promptings of the Spirit and the dictates of his conscience, to face an unknown future, with a fragile wife and four delicate children under five years of nge. Beho ding the churchless and Christ less crowds of Kost London, he took his stand for Chiist on Mile End Waste, and, aided by God the Holy Ghost, and with an open Bible, be began to win souls, and thus laid the foundations of the great Salvation Army." " 1899: The Salvation Army, under his Generalship, now has 5500 corps, led by 14,500 officers, in 16 different countries and colonies, besides 40,000 local officers. The Army has 26 newspapers, printed in 50 languages, with a ciicuUtioa of 1,000,000 per week. There are 450 social institutions, under 1832 officers, sheltering 15,000 souls nightly, also 72 slum posts, 92 rescue homes, 12 Bx-prisoners' homes, 122 food depots, 53 lanour factories, and 13 farm co'onies. To God be all the glory." DUBBO GOLF CLUB.-The links of the newly.formed Dubbo Golf Club were opened on Friday afternoon, when there was a Urge attendance of members and friends. Mrs. (Dr.) Hope inaugurated tho play, and two rounds of the links were mode. PttOSECUTIOX OF AFGHANS.-At thc Coolabah police court on Friday two Afghans, who were arrested on the 4th inst, by Constable Cupitt and charged with absconding from the lawful service of the Bourke Carrying Company, were remanded to Bourke. They were making their way to Sydney when arrested. The German Emperor has lately visited the historic City of Jerusalem, but could not eeo it in the r.enith of its glory as shown at thc Sydney Cyclonma. Visitore will find the Cyclorama an up-to-date en tertainment. Foremost that source of never failing int .-rest " Jerusalem " in all its splendour of 2000 years ago. Then in the spacious Hall of Illusions adjoining are to be seen some of the most fascinating illusory marvels-" Daphne's extraordinary transformation and ubiujate aerial flight," invisible intelligence of remarkable powers " The mysterious 1 'auldron, lovely pigeons flying from it as the result of IO minutes egg-and-water process." The lady seated on a chair is annihilated at the firing of a pistol ; the chair and other fixtures re main. Other illusions are being added.-* Do not suffer with headache. You can be cured at once by using Snelson's cer tain Headache Cure, a valuable remedy ; it never fails to give immediate relief, ls post free, from T. M. Snclson, Chemist (by special appointment to Lord Hampden), | Dabbo, next J. G. Brown's. j If you want an article of jewellery of any description, you can get it cheaper at H. Fiscn B'S, Macquarie-street, than if you send to Sydney, while you have the advantage of selection from the best assorted stock in the western districts. For immediate relief ct inflamed sore eyes, sw-liing, Sandy Blight, or any eye troubles, use Vincent's Famous Eucalyptus Eye Lotion and Vincent's Eye Ointment le 6d each, post free, from T, M. Snelson, Chemist (by special appointment to the Governor Lord Hampden), Dabbo, next to ï,Çr. Crown'«, SEED WHEAT.-Application was wade 01 Monday to Mr. R T MacNovin, CP S.. b; one or two farmers for forms on which ti forward an application for seed wheat. Ni forms are, however, yet available at tl» Dubbo office. TBANOIE CHURCH.-His Lordship tb< Bishop of Bathurst (Dr. Cauiidga) will VÍBÜ Trangie to-day (Wednesday) for the pur pose of consecrating the newly-ereotec 'burch of Hingland building, DOBBO MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. - Th< fortnightly meeting of the Municipal Council of Dubbo lapsed again on Monday evening through paucity of attendance. There were present : The Mayor (Mr. E, H. Utley), Aldermen Heane, Lewis and Adams. Apologies were tendered for the non-attendance of Aldermen Muller and B, J. J Ryan. Aldermen Phil ips and Soane were absent from town, and Alderman J. A. Ryan is still too unwell to be able to leave his room. IN HANEK PTCW-"efore the Registrar in Sydney ou Friday hist, in the certificate application of William Barris, of Minore, Mr. T. E. Murphy appeared for the bank rupt. Tho official assignee's report was read, and an affidavit in reply by the bank rupt. The Registrar, after hearing argu ment, said the bankrupt had failed to keep proper hooks of account, and had contracted debts without having reasonable expecta tion of paying them The certificate would, therefore, be suspended for twelve months. BÜRO LAUT.-On Sunday evening, during the hours of church service, and while the inmates were consequently from home, the residence of Mrs. Fletcher was burglari ously entered by ons or more persons, who, however, found the house as a whole too well secured against visitors of their sor . Tho thieves managed to enter the respective rooms of two boulders- VI essrs. H. A. Crouch and A.Tyers Wood -and an nexed in each case a suit of clothing and some sundries. They failed to effect an entrance into any of the other rooms. The house being situated in the most central part of the town, the burglary was a most daring one, but no decisive clue to the actual perpetrators would appear to have yet been di-covered. NEWBnar SFADA. Co.-This talented con cert company pai.l a second visit to Dubbo on Monday evening, when sevoral artists new to Dubbo took part in the performance at the Masonic Hall. In addition to Madame Spadu and Mr. Phillip Newbury, who were warmly greeted and vociferously encored ouch time they sang, Miss Lilian Frost played two piano solos and accom panied alt the singers; Mr. Rodda Per-y, who is possessed of a wonderful alto voice, and whom the audience never tired of hearing, sang five favourite ballads ; aud Signor Pali, a deep bass, also took part in the concert. Want of space precludes a more detailed report, but it may be added that the moderate attendance is unac countable, when it is remembered that this company repeatedly fills the Sydney Town Hall to overflowing. THE NEW Ms.L.C -The new members of the Upper House, twelve in number, were gazetted on .Saturday morniug as folows : Alderman M. J. Buzzacott, Broken Hill ; Francis Clarke, North Syduey. ex-mein ber for Hastings.51acleay ; John Estell, Platts burg, president of the Collieries Employees' Federation ; Hou. A J Gould, Elizabeth Bay, ex-Miuister for Justice ; G. H. Greene, Union Club, ex-member f r Gren fell; Nicholas Hawlceu, J.P., ex-member for Newtown ; John Hepher, manager Co-operative Tailoring Company, Bathurst strect ; Colonel Holboiow, C. M.U., 3r I Infantry Regiment ¡ Richard Jones, of the firm of Harrison, Jones, and Devlin, burwood : E. D. Millen, ox-member for Bourke, Marrickville. Samuel M'Oaughey, squatter, Jerilderie : James Wilson, New town. ACCIDENTS -A very distressing accident happened on Saturday to the young son of Mr. E. H. Utley, proprietor of the Centennial Saw Mills, which may entail injuries for life. Mr. Utley, who had been absent in Sydney, returned home on Saturday morning, and ia the gladness of having his father once more with him the little lad sought permission to accompany him to the works, und was allowed to do so. Mr. Utley soon become deeply eugaged in business, and the child made hie way to a planing machine, then not in use, and played there for a lew minutes. He next proceeded to set the apparatus ia Diction, and in so doing hi» right ban was caught under the planer anl terribly lacerated. The index finder was all but severed, an 1 the next finger was cut to the hone, while a third also suffeivd severely. \ medi cal man was sent for and he upplied the necessary treatment, and is in hopes that he will be able even to save the first finger, though at best it must be stiff-jointed. The little lad bore the necessary operation very manfully, and is now doing well. Dunno R. AND B. D. Co.-Mr. Jas. Heane, managing director of thc Dubbo R. and B. D. Co., has received theiollowing letter:-"Dear Sir,-I beg to acknow ledge receipt of yours of 26th ulto.. enclos ing account sales of the 1469 xbred wethers and ewes consigned by thc Dubbo Refri gerating and Boiling Down Company, Ltd., to ike London market on our behalf. On figuring it out we find that the nett return per head is Ss 61d, a very good return considering that nearly half the number were ewes, We tnuht mention that the week before these weut to your works we sold 18(i of the tons at Hornel uah, and they only netted us 6s 3Jd, showing a gain of over 2s per head as the result of shipping. Voa rs faithfully. MACE ANO AUSTIN. P.S.-The-e -heep were virtually off shears, as they were shorn in Octo'ier aud went up ta you on the 1st of Novem ber." How TO PREVENT CROUP.-We have two children who are subject to attacks of croup. Whenever an attack is coming on my wife gives them Chamberlain's 1 ough Remedy and it always prevents the attack. It is a household necessity in this county, and no matter what else we ruu out of, it would not do to be without Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. More of it is Bold here than of all other cough medicines combined -J. M. NICKLE,of Nickle Bros., merchants, Nickleville. Pa. For salo by JAMES G. BROWN. For Asthuiatical Coughs and Colds take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, 1,0 and 20. The reliable Family Remedy Woods' Great Peppermint Cure for Coughs and Colds, 1,6 and 2/6. You cannot be married without a wedding ring ; and the best and cheapest assortment of these indispensable articles is to be seen at H. FIBCHBB'S, Mocquarie street, Dubbo, who also hos a large stock of dress rings to select from. Vincent's Famous Eucalyptus Eye Lo tion, and Vincent's Eye Ointment, abso lutely the best and safest remedy for all affection of the eyes; poet free, ls Gd each, from T. M. Snelson, Chemist (by special appointment to the Governor Lord Hamp den), Dubbo, nflxt to J. fl. Krnwn's. Vincent's famous Eucalyptus Eye Lotion, a positive remedy for Sandy Blight, sore eyes from dust, and affection of the eyes. Used in Dando and district for years, and proved to be the <«st in the market ; ls Gd post free, from T. M. Snelson, Chemist, (by special appointment to tbe Governor, Lord Hampden), Dub -o next J.G. Brown. i'. M. Snelson, Chemist (by sprcial ap pointment to the Governor, Lord Hampden) has a certain cure for headache ; it never fails to give immediate relief. Will beseht to any address, post free, on receipt of Îtrice, viz., ls. Easy to take ; quite taste ess. Try it at once. 