BRISBANE MimSTSßB' UNION. SECOND ANNUAL RETREAT. On Tuesday morning last a number of ministers gathered on board the steamer Garnet, at the Customs wharf, Brisbane, and proceeded by her to Redcliffe to hold their second annual " retreat." The company represented the Presbyterian, Congregational, Methodist, and Baptist denominations, and included both city and country ministers. The weather was most favourable, and the voyage made most pleasant by brotherly intercourse. Arrived at Redcliffe jetty, the party were conveyed to Mr. Tubbs's Orient House, where they found excellent accommodation during their stay. Tuesday afternoon was given up to recrea- tion, and in the evening all gathered in the pretty little Congregational Church for the first meeting of the series. The Rev. C. J. Legate, of Warwick, conducted the opening devo'iV-nnl exercises, after which the president of the Ministers' Union (the Rev. H. Youngman) preached an eloquent sermon from Psalm xxvii., 8. This was followed by a sacramental service, at which the president presided, and the Rev. T. Leitch gave an impressive address. The little church was quite filled with the ministers and a few of the local people, and the service was much enjoyed. At Orient House at 10 o'clock family worship was led by the Rev. J. Weir, of Dugandan, after which all retired to rest. On Wednesday morning the " call-bell" sounded out at 6.45, and at 5.15 morning prayers were led by the Rev. A. E. West, of Flinders. At 9.30 a devotional service was held in the church, at which the Rev. Jacob Williams presided, and this was followed by a conference on " Church Aids," at which very interesting and helpful papers on " Sunday Schools," by the Rev. W. Higlett ; " Christian Endeavour Societies," by the Rev. A. E. Fox and Midweek Services," by the Rev. A. M W. Allan, were read. In the discussion which followed the reading of these papers many of the ministers took part, and much valuable information and suggestion were given. The opinion was unanimously expressed that these " aids" to church life and work were exceedingly valuable, and should be carefully watched over and helped by the ministers. Wednesday afternoon was given to recreation, a cricket match being the chief attraction, in the evening another conference was held in the church, the subject being " The Minister in the Pul- j pit." Papers were read by the Rev. W. H. Harrison, of Gympie, on " Conducting Wor- ship,-' and by the Rev. P. Robertson, of Ipswich, on " Preaching." The discussion which followed was taken part in by the Revs. J. M. Bayley, D. F. Mitchell, T. Elli- son, C. J. Legate, J. Stewart, and the president. Family prayer was conducted at Orient House by the Rev. C. Clark, at 10 o'clock. On Thursday, at 7.15 a.m., morning prayers were led by the Rev. J. T. Williams, of Blackstone. The last meeting was held in the church on Thursday morning, a devotional service being conducted by the Rev. James Williams from 9.30 to 10 o'clock, and at the latter hour the president took the chair and called upon the Rev. Hugh Jones, M.A., to open the conference on " The work of the Comforter In. and through the minister." Mr. Jones, in an earnest and heart- searching address, brought the ministers present face to face with their responsibility and power because of the Saviour's promised gift of the Holy Spirit. The Revs. P. Robertson, J. M. Bayley, J. Williams, R. Figgis, J. Weir, T. Leitch, J. Stewart, J. Prowse, C. J. Legate, and others spoke on the subject, and the Baptists, Presbyterians, Methodists, and Congregationalists. were all at one In recognis- ing the fact that the hope and power of the Christian Church is the ministry of the Holy Ghost in and through the ministers and members of the Churches. At 12 o'clock the president gave his closing address, reading that very appropriate portion of Scripture in St. Mark's Gospel, vi., 30-32, and expounding it in the light of the circumstances in which they were gathered In this " retreat Very earnestly he dwelt on the responsibility of every minister to the great Master, Christ, and exhorted all that with love and faith and zeal they should do the work to which Jesus had called them. This address was felt to be a most fitting close of the " retreat," which all who attended richly enjoyed. The party returned to Brisbane by the Garnet on Thursday evening, refreshed in body, mind, and spirit by their brotherly intercourse during the three days of their second annual retreat. 