Easter Sunday. ST, MARY'S CATHEDRAL, EaBtor Sunday A\'ns kept with apooial solomnity at tho Oathodral, Mr, Dolanoy'H first M'aas was aung by the aholr with full' orohostra, tho principals sustaining thoir {jarts with devotional oH'oat;, Tho Vory, ?tov. Dr, Murphy and Roy, Father O'Brien insisted tho Cardinal at tho throno, and tho prlostB of tho Oathodral staff and tho Htudonfcs of Manly oollogo woro proHont on tho muiotuary, His IDmlnonoo tho Cardinal proaahacl to an immonHo con gregation on tho Feast of tho Rosur rootion, HIb roforonooa to tho number of thpoo. who, llko out Divino Saviour, would rise gloriously from tho dead, M'oro most consoling. His arguments woro principally taken from Saored Scripture, mentioning; the oase of the shepherd who left theninooy nine to seek out the ? ono sheep that was lost, and the man who was present at the feast with his wedding garment, as indica tions of the truth of his proposition — that of those within tho ohuroh very few will be lost. In faot our Divine Lord wished to save even Judas, oallinghim at the very moment of HIb betrayal ' friend.' This opinion of the number of saved did not in any way oauso the children of tho ohuroh to grow, lax in their spiritual duties, beoause for its teach ing (on Purgatory and merit wo see the' wonderful harmony of all its dogmas, as- well as its explanation of the objeotivo justice of God. Some peoplo say that this opinion can soaroely be tenable, seeing the number of crimes that are committed j but. after all those orimeB that thrill the world, with horror are, thank God, comparatively of rare occurrence, 'and have no roforenoo to the overwhelming majority of the members of the human family. On the whole those ? 1 1 T j 1 j 1* P Tf i wno analyze oioseiy two coaoning oi uaoiy Writ, and read oarofully the writings and interpretation of ' tho Fathoi's, oannot fail to look with hope to a glorious Resurrection, though ?' there ? seems to be no doubt but some will be lost. Those' who commit tho sin against the Holy Ghost of closing thoir eyes to the light of Divine graoe and truth will not be forgiven, either in this world or the next. Our purpose should bo to follow in the footsteps of our Saviour in His life of saorifloe and love, so that we may attain the same eternal reward that Ho won as man, and possess the Bame- glorious qualities whioh will enable us to enjoy the ecstatic bliss of Heaven. 