BERENICE. (By E. Phillips Oppenheiin.) CHAPTER I.— (Continued.) 'it -is very draughty,' he remarked, 'and you seem cold; we must not keep you here. May we— can I,' he added, glancing down the stone passage, 'show you to your ear rage?' She laughed softly. 'You may come ?with me,' she said, 'but our exit is like a rabbit burrow; we must go in single file, and almost on hands and knees.' She led the way, and they followed her into the street. A small brougham was waiting at the door, and her maid was standing by it. The commissionaire stood away, and Matra vers closed the door upon them. Her white, ungloved hand, loaded — overloaded it seemed to him — with rings, stole through the window, and he felt it for a moment in his. He felt somehow that he was expected to say some thing. She was looking at him very intently. There was some .powder on her cheeks, which he noted with an instinctive thrill of aver sion. - 'Shall I tell him home?' lieJ asked. 'If you please,' she answered. 'Madam!' her maid interposed. 'Home, please,' Berenice said calmly. 'Good-bye, Mi*. Matravers.' 'Good-night.' The carriage roiled away. At the corner of the street Berenice pulled the check string. 'The Milan Restaurant,' she told the man t»riefly. Matravers and Ellison lit their cigarettes anfl s5r611e^i_away oh Toot. At the corner of the street Ellison had an inspiration. 'Let tls,' he said, 'have some Supper some where.' Matravers shook his head. 'I really have a great deal of worfi to ^lo,'1' he said, 'and I mfist write this notice for the 'Day.' I tltink I will go straight home.' Ellison thrust his arm through his compani on's, and called a hansom. 'It will only take us half an hour,' he de clared, 'and- we will go to one Of the fashion able places! You will be airitised! Come! It all enters, you know, into your revised scheme of life— the attainment of a fuller and Wore catholic! knowledge of your fellow creatures; We will see our fellow-cfeatufea e'n fete.' -Matravers suffered hiinselfto be persuaded. They drove to a restaurant close at hand, and stood for a moment at the entrance look ing for seats. The room was, crowded. 'I will go,' Ellison said, 'and find the di rector. He knows me well, and he will find me a table/' He elbowed his way up to the further end of the apartment. Slatravers remained a somewhat conspicuous figure in the doorway, looking from one to another of the little par ties with a smile, half amused, half interest ed. Suddenly his face became grave — his heart gave an iinaccustoiped leap! He stood quite still, his hands pressed to his side, his eyes fixed upon the bent head and white shoulders of a woman only a few yards away from him. Almost at the same moment Berenice looked up and their eyes met. The cei&r; left her cheeks^slie Was ghastly pale! A sentence which she iiad just begun died away upon her lips; her companion, who was intent upon the wine list* noticed nothing. She made a movement as though to rise. Simul taneously Matravers turned upon bis heel and left the room. Ellison came hurrying back in a few mo ments, and looked in vain for his companion. As he stood there watching the throng of people, Berenice called him to her. 'Tour friend,' she said, 'has goue away. He stood for a moment in the doorway, like Banquo's ghost, and then he disappeared.' Ellison looked vaguely bewildered. ?.'Matravers is an odd sort.' he remarked. ?*I suppose it is one of the penalties of genius /to -be -.compelled to do eccentric. things. I must have my supper alone.' 'Or with us,' she said. 'You know Mr. Thorndyke. don't you? There is plenty of room here.' CHAPTER -II. Matravers stood at an open window, reading a note by the grey dawn light. Below him j stretched the broad thoroughfare of Picca dilly, noiseless, shadowy, deserted. He had thrown up the window, overcome by a sud den sense of suffocation, and a chill, damp breeze came in, cooling his parched forehead and hot dry eyes. For the last two or three hours he had been working with an unwonted and rare zest; it had happened quite by chance, for as a rule he was a man of regular — even mechanical — habits. . But to-night he scarcely knew himself— he had all the sensa tion of a man who had passed through a new and altogether unexpected experience. At midnight he had let himself into his room after that swift, impulsive departure from the Milan, and had dropped by chance into the chair before his writing-table. The sight of his last unfinished sentence, abruptly aban doned in the centre of a neatly written page of manuscript, had fascinated him, and as he sat there idly with the loose sheet in his hands, holding it so that the lamplight might fall upon its very legible characters, an Idea flashed into his brain— an idea which had per sistently eluded him for days. With the sud den stimulus of a purely mental activity, he had hastily thrown aside his outdoor garment, and had written for several hours with a rea diness and facility which seemed somehow for the last few days to have been denied to him. He had become his old self again — the events of the evening lay already far behind. Then had come a soft knocking at the door, followed by the apologetic entrance of his servant bearing a note upon which his name was written in hasty characters, with an 'Irn- mediate' scrawled, as though an after thought, upon the left-hand corner. He had torn it open, wondering at the woman's writ ing, and glanced at its brief contents careless ly enough — but since then he had done no work. For the present he was not likely to do any more. The cold breeze, acthlng like a tonic upon his dazed senses, awoke in him alsoa pecu liar restlessness, a feeling^of intolerable re straint in the close environment of his little room and its associations. Its atmosphere had suddenly become stifling. He caught up his cloak and hat, and walked out again into the silent street; it seemed to him, momen tarily forgetful of the hour, like a city of the dead into which he had wandered. \- As he turned, from habit, towards the park, the great houses on his right frowned down upon him lightless and Iifeles6. The broad pavement, pressed a few hours ago, and so soon to be pressed again, by the steps of an in pumcrable multitude, was deserted; his own f ootfali seemed to awaken a strange and curi ously persistent echo, as though someone were indeed following him on the opposite aide of the way,, under the shadow of the drooping lime trees. Once he stopped and listened. The footsteps ceased too. There was no one! With a faint smile at the illu sion to which he had for a moment yielded, he continued' his walk. Before him thfe outline of the arch stood out with 'gloomy dis'tirie'tness against a cold, lowering background of vaporous sky. Like a man who was stil} half- dreaming, he crossed the road and entered -th6 park, making liis way towards the trees. There was a spot about half-way down where in the afternoons ?he usually sat. Near it he f ouud two chairs, one on top of the. other; he remoyed the upper one, and sat down, crossing his legs, and lighting a cigarette which he took from hiaj case. Then in a transitory return of his ordinary state of mind, he laughed softly to himself. People would say that- he was go^ ing mad. Through half -closed eyes he looked out upon the broad drive. With the aid of an imagi nation naturally powerful, he was passing with marvellous facility into an unreal world of his own creation. The scene remained the same, but the environment changed as though by magic. Sunshine pierced the grey veil of clouds, gay voices and laughter broke the chill silence. The horn of a four-in-hand sounded from the corner, the path before him was thronged with men and women, whose rustling skirts brushed often against his knees as they made their way with difficulty along the promenade. A glittering show of carriages and coaches swept past t'he rail ings; the air was full of the sound of the trampling of horses and the rolling of wheels. With a mental restraint of which he was all the time half -conscious, he tfept back the final effort of his imagination for some time; but it came at last. A victoria, drawn by a single dark bay horse, with servants in quiet live ries, drew up at the paling, and a woman leaning back amongst the cushions looked out at hiin across the sea of faces as she had indeed looked more than once. She was sur- rounded by handsomer women, in more ela borate toilettes and more splendid equip ages. Her cheeks were pale, and s.he was undoubtedly thin. Nevertheless, to other /JeOgle, n.s well as to him, she was a personali ty. TC^«:. then he seemed to feel the little stir whieii always passed like electricity into the air directly her carriage was stayed. When she had come, when he was perfectly sure of her, and indeed under the spell of her near presence, he drew that note again from his pocket and read it: 'IS, Large- street, W. '12.30. 'I told you a lie! And I feel that you will never f-orgive me! Yet I want to explain it. There is something I want you to know! Will you come and see me? I shall be at home until one o'clock to-morrow morning, or, if the afternoon suits you better, from 4 to G. 'Berenice.' A lie! Yes, it was that. To him, an in veterate lover of truth, the offence had seem ed wholly unpardonable. He had set him self to forget the woman and the incident as something altogether beneath his recollec tion. The night, with its host of strange, half'-awakened sensations, was a memory to bf- lived down, to be crushed altogether. For him, doubtless, that lie had been a providence. It put a stop to any further intercourse be tween them — it stamped her at once with the hall mark of unwofthiness. Yet he knew tbat he was disappointed; disappointment was,- perhaps, a mild word. He had walked through the streets with Ellison, after that meeting with her at the theatre, consciousof an unwonted buoyancy of spirits, feeling that he had drawn into his life a new experience, which promised to be a Very pleasant one. There were- things about the woman whiGh had not pleased him, but they were, on. the vrhole, merely superficial incidents,' accidents, he chose to think, of her environment. He had even permitted himself to look forward to their next meeting, to a definite continu ance of their acquaintance. Standing in the doorway of the brilliantly-lit Milan, he had looked in at the vivid little scene with a certain eager tolerance — there was much, after all. that was attractive in this side of life, so much that was worth cultivating* he blamed himself that he had stood aloof from it for so long. Then their eyes had met, he had seen her'sudden start, had felt his heart sink like lead. She was a creature of common clay after all! His eyes rested for a moment upon her companion, a man well known to him, though of a class for whom his contempt was great, and with whom he had no kin ship. She was like this then! It was a pity. His cigarette went out, and a rain-drop, which had been hovering upon a leaf above him, fell with a splash upon the sheet of heavy white paper. He rose to his feet, stiff, and chilled and disillusioned. His little ghost-world of fancies had faded away. Morn ing had come, and eastwards, a single shaft of cold sunlight had pierced the grey sky. (To be continued.) 