The Tomb of Jesus. •Sehmon by the ZatjTSct. C. H. Srunatox. Come, aec the place where the Lord lay.— Matt, xxviii. G. Every circumstance connected with the lite of Christ is deeply interc6tiuir to the Christian. "Wherever webeboldour Saviour, He is well j worth v of our notice. " His cross, His manger.-and His crown Arc "big with glories yet unknown." AU Ms weary pilgrimage, from Bethlehem's matigcr to Calvary's cros*, is in our eve.* j paved with glory. Each spot upon which He trod is to our souls consecrated ut once, j simply, because there the foot of earth's Saviour and our own Redeemer ones was .... placed. "When He comes to Calvary, the interest thickens; then our best thoughts are centred on Him in the agonies of crucifixion; nor does our deep affection per- I mit us to leave Him, even when, the struggle being over. He yields up the ghost. Hi* body, when it is taken down from tho tree, still is lovely in cur eyes—we fondly linger around the motionless clay. By faith wo discern Joseph of Arimathca, and tho timid 'Nicodcmus, assisted by those holy women, drawing out the nails and taking down the mangled body ; we behold them wrapping Bim in clean white linen, hastily girding Him round with belts of spices : then putting Hint in His tomb, and departing for the Sabbath rest. We shall on this occasion go where Mary went on the morning cf the first day of the week, when, waking from her couch before the dawn, she aroused herself to be early at the sepulchre of Jesus. We will try if it be possible, by the help of God's Spirit, to go as she did — not in, body, but in soul. We will stand at that tomb; wo will examino it, and we trust we shall hear some truth-speaking voice coming from its hollow -bosom which will comfort and instruct uv, so 'that we may say of the grave of Jesus when we go away, "It was none other than the gate of heaven"—a sacred place, deeply solemn, and sauciified by the slain body cf our precious Saviour. I. Let us examine the tomb. And, first, mark that it ia a costly tomb. It is no common grave; it is not an excavation dug out by the spade for a pauper, ia which to hide the "last remains of his miser able anu ever-wearied tones. It is a princely iorhb; it is made of marble, cut in the* side of a hill.- Stand here, be liever, and ask why Jesus had such a costly sepulchre. Ho had 110 elegant garment; JIc wore a coat without scam, woven from the top throughout, without, an atom of em broidery He owned no sumptuous palace, for He had not where to- lay His heed. His sandals were not rich with gold, or studded with brilliants. Ho was poor. Why. then, does He lie in a noble grave ? We answer, for this reason: Christ was unhonourpd till He had finished His sufferings. Christ's body snffcrcd contumely, shame, spitting, buffeting, and reproach, until Ho had com pleted His great work; He was trampled underfoot; He was "despised and rejected of meu; a Man of sorrows, and acquainted .with grief"; but tho moment He had finished His undertaking, God said, " No more shall that body bo disgraced: \- if it is to fleep, let it slumber iu an honourable grave: if it is to rest, let nobles bury it; let Joseph, the councillor, and Hicodemns, tho man of the Sanhedrim, be present at the fancral; let the body be em balmed with precious spices; let it have honour: it has had enough of contumely, and Asbarae, and reproach, and buffeliug; let it ' ""■'now be treated with respect." Christian, dost thou discern the meaning ? Jesus, after He had finished His work, slept in a costly grave, for now His Father loved and honoured IJira, since His work was dono. But though it is a costly grave, it is a borrowed one. I see over the toifof it, "Sacred to the memory of tho family of Joseph of Arimathea"; yet Jesus slept there. Yes, He was buried in another's sepulchre. He who had no house of His own, and rested in the habitation of other men; who had no table, bnt lived upon the hospitality of His disciples; who bor rowed boats in which to preach, and liad not anything • in the wide world—He was obliged to bavo a tomb frum • charity. Oh! should not the poor take courage? They dread to be buried at the expense of their neighbours; but if their poverty bo unavoidable, why should they blush, since Jesus Himself was interred in another's grave? Ah! I wish I might have ' had Joseph's grave, to let Jesus be buried in [ it. The grave, we observe, was cut in a i rock. Why was this? The Rock of Ages 5 - was buried in a rock—a Rock within a rock. But why ? Most person? suggest that it was to ordained that it might bo clear that there was no covert woy by which the disciples or others could enter and steal tho body away. Very possibly it was the reason; but, oh 1 1$ my soul, canst thou not find a spiritual rea #04 sou? Christ's sepulchre was" cut in a rock, •i-thjt waa set cut in mould, that might be worn ow,™~»vby the water, or iniirht crumble and fuli " into eeray. The sepulchre stands, I believe* entire to this day: i£ it does not naturally, it does spiritually. The same sepulchre which took the sins of Paul, shall take my iniquities; for if I ever lose my guilt, it must roll off my shoulders into the sepulchre. It was cut in a rock, so that if sinners were saved u thousand years ago, I too cau be delivered, for it is a rocky sepulchre where s:n was buried—it was a rocky sepulchre of marble where :nv crimes were laid for ever—buried never to* have a resurrection. You will mark, moreover, that tomb was one wherein r.o other man had ever laiu. Christopher Xr.sj says, ,{ When Christ was born lie lay in a virgin's womb, and when He died Ho was placed in a virgin tomb: lie slept where never man had slept before." The reason was, that none might say that another person rose, for there never had been any other body there : thus a mistake of persons was impossible. Nor could it be said that sorco old prophet was interred in the place, and thut Christ rose because he had touched his bones. You remember when Elisha was buried, and as they were baryiug a man. behold he touched the prophet's tones?, und arose. Christ touched no prophet's tones, for none had ever slept there; it wna a new chamber wherein the Houarca of the earth did take His rest for three days and three niarhts. Ho you notice the grave cloths, nil wrapped and laid in their place*,' the napkin being folded up by itself ? Wherefore are the grave clothes wrapped up ? The Jews said robbers had abstracted the body; but if so, surely they would have stolen the clothes; they would never have thought of wrapping them nn and laying them down so carefuily; they would bo too much in lussto to think of it. Why was it, then? To manifest to us that Christ did nr.t come in a hurried manner. He slept till the last moment; then He awoke: He came not in haste.. They shall not come out in haste, neither by flight, but at the appointed moment ahali Iiis people come to Him. So, at the precise hour, the decreed instant. Jesus Christ leisurely awoke, took oft His cerements, and came forth in His pure and naked innocence ; perhaps to show us that as clothes are the offspring of sin, when siu was atoned for by Christ He left nil raiment behind Iliin—for garments are the badges of guilt; if we bad not been guilty, we should never have needed them. Then, the napkin, tnark ycu. was laid by itself. The grave-clothes were Ifft behind for every | departed Christian to wear. Eut the napkiu , was Laid by itself, because the Christian, when ! he dies, docs not need that; it is uicd by the j mourners, and the mourners only. Do our j ascended brethren aud ristcrs use it? No ; j the Lord God bath wiped away all tears from j their eyes. kVe stand and view the corpses j of the dear departed ; wo moisten their faces i with our tears, letting whole showers of grief fall on their heads; but go they weep ? Oh, no. Could they speak to us from the upper spheres, they would say, " "Weep not for me, for I am glorified. Sorrow not for me; I have left a had world behind me, and have entered into a far better." 2\. And now I would bid you stand and see tbe place"where the Lord lav, with emotions of cicep sorrow. Oh, come, ray beloved Lrother, thy Jesus once inr tJir.ro. He was murdered, aud thou the murderer. I slew Him—this right hand slm:-k the dagger to His heart, ily deeds sicw Christ. Alas! I e!e\v my B.'st Beloved: I killed Him who loved mc with an everlasting love. Yc eyes, why do yc refuse to weep when ye see Jesus' body mangled and torn ? Oh! give vent to your sorrow. Christians, for ye have good reason to do so. I believe in what Hart says, that there was a time in his experience when he could so sympathise with Christ that he felt more grief at the death ot Christ than he did joy. It seemed go*'sad a thing that Christ should have to die ; and to me it often appears too great a price for Jesu3 Christ to purchase worms with His own blood. It seems too costly for Him who is the Prince of life and glory, to let His fair limbs be tortured in agony: that the bauds whicu carried mercies should be pierced with i accursed nails; that the temples that were i always clothed with Iovo should have cruel thorns driven through them. It appears too much. Oh! weep, Christian, ana let your sorrow rise. Is not the price ail hut too 'great, that your Beloved should for you resign Himself? Oh! I should think if a parson were sarcd from death by another, he would always feel deep'grief if hi3 deliverer lost his life iu the attempt. Sinner, I want tbcc to Jook at Christ's sepulchre too, for. when thou diest it may have done thee groat good to think of it. You have heard of Queen Elizabeth crying out that she would give au empire for a >ingle hour; or, have you read the despairing cr£ of tho gentleman on board the Arctic, when it was going down, who shouted to the boat, 14 Come back! I will give you £30,000 if you will come and take mo in." Ah! poor man. it were but little if he had thirty thousand worlds, if ho could thereby prolong his life. "Skin for skin ; yea, all that a man hath wiil he give for his life." Soma of you who cau laugh this morning will bo dying, and then yc will pray and crave for life, and shriek for another Sabbath day. Ob, how the Sabbaths yc bavo wasted will walk like ghosts beforo you I How will yc bo mado to sorrow and weep, because ye wasted precious hours, which, when they ore gone, are gone too far ever to be recalled! Hay God save you from the pangs of remorse! 3\. And now, Christian brethren, "Come, seo the place where the Lord lay," to learn a doctrine or two. What did you see when you visited "the placo where the Lord lay"? " He is not here: for He is risen." The first thing you perceive, if you stand by His empty tomb, is His Divinity. The dead iu Christ shall rise first at the resurrection; but Ho who rose first rose in a different fashiou. They rise by imparted power. He rose by His own. He could not slumber^ in the grave, because he was God. Death'had no more dominion over Him. There is no bettor proof or Christ's divinity than that startling resurrection of His, when He rose from the "rave by the "lory of the Father. Oh Christian, thy Jesus is a God ;• His broad shoulders that hold thee up arc indeed Divine; and hero thou hast'the best proof of it— because He rose from the grave. Behold this empty tomb. Oh true believer; it is a sign of thine acquittal and thy fnli discharge. If Jesus had not paid the debt. He never hud risen from the grave. He would have lain there till this moment if He had not cancelled the en tire debt by satisfying eternal vcngeai Oh, beloved, is uot that an overwhelming thought ? *4 * It is,fi:;:sked ! It is finished 1 1 Hear the rising Saviour cry." The heavenly turnkey came; n bright: ! angel stepped from heaven and rolled I away tho stone; but bo would not ! have done so if Christ had not done ail; ! ho would have kept Him there, he would jhavc saiu, **Nay, nay, Thou art the sinner ! now; Thcu bust the sins of all Thine elect j upon Thy shoulder, and I will not let Thee go I free till Thou bast paid the nttermost I farthing." In Kis going free I sec my own j discharge. | ■* My Jesu's blood's my full discharge." i As a justified man, I have not a sin against mo. If I were to turn over Gcd's eternal bonk I should ecc every debt of mine receipted nnd cancelled. One more doctrine wc learn, and with that we will conclude— the doctrine of the resurrection. Jesus ros?, and as the Lord oar Saviour rose,, so all His followers must risr. Die I mcsfc—this body must be a carnival for worms; it must be eaten by those tiny canni bals ; pc-rsdvcnture it shall be scattered from one portion of the earth to another; the con stituent particles of Ibis my frame will enter into plants, from plants pass into animals, and thus be carried into far distant realms ; but at the blast o: tho archangel's trumpet every separate atom of my body shall find its fellow. Like the bones lying 5u the valley of vision, though separated from one auother. the moment God shall speak, each bone will creep to its bor.c; then the flesh shall come upon them: the four winds of heaven shall blow, and the breath shall return. So, let in2 die, let beasts devour me, let fire turn this body into gas and vapour; all its particles shall yet again be restored; this very selfsame actual body alull start up from its grave glorified uud made like Christ's body, yet still the same body; for Gcd hath said it. Christ's same body rose; so shall mine. Oh my soul, dost.thou now dread to die? Thou wilt lose thy partner body a little while, but thou wilt bs married again in heaven; soul and body shall again bo united before the throne of God. The grave—what is it? It is the bath in which the Christian puis the clothes of his body to have them 'washed and cleansed. Death—what is it ? It is the waiting-room where we rcbe ourselves for immortality; it is the place where the body, like Esther, bathes itself in spices, that it may be fit for tho embrace of its Lord. Hay wo each and all be among tbat white-rcbed throng which shall gather*at last around the throae. Aiucii. 