Looking Backward. The pablieatioa the other day of the report of the directors of the Adelaide Steamship Company, in Vhieh it waa notified that the company was about to pay what is practically an 8 per cent, dividend, in addition to a 2 per cent bonus, recalls a time when the A.SS. Co. was by no means the flourishing concern it has since become. Old Geraldtonians will experience no difficulty in recollecting the days when the Rob Roy represented the extent of the connection between the Company and this port. To trace the growth of that connection would be to compile history—largely the history of the rise of Geraldtton as a seaport. The* Adelaide Steamship Company, if we mistake not, was founded in the year'75. It was some few years after this date that the Rob Roy paid its first visit to Geraldton. In the minds of Geraldtonians the Rob Roy is associated chiefly with its notable trip to Fremantle under 24 hours with Irwin coal in its furnaces. But the port knows the clipper bowed and flush-decked little steamer no longer. It now spends its days flitting along the Bight between Adelaide and Esperance, and genial " Charlie" Irvine who used to be in command of it, now holds the position of Assistant Harbour Master at Fremantle. The Lubra, another of the Company's earliest boats, was for years a standing joke along this coast. She was an erratic little beggar, about as interesting and inviting in appearance as a wheel-barrow. Although she cut valiantly through the water, she was a perfect demon at rolling and kicking. The derision to which she was for years subjected must have told on the poor little Lubra, for one day, during 1897, she gave up the ghost about; A 60 miles from Fremantle, and the waves of Jurien Bay now roll over her. Another ill-fated vessel belonging to the Company was the Perth (formerly /onoia) v.'iiich now lies many tathouis deep, oil' Point Cioates. The Flinders was another member of the A.S.S. Go's etrlier fleet. After a few years' service she was taken off the Gerakhon route and she is now hoveriny somewhere aion^ the S. A. coast. The 'Victorian and the South Australian were contemporaries for a few years and were fre lueutly seen here. But the former was crippled severely by fire on the Sydney side and is seldom heard o! : now. The South Australian, a smart pacer, has not visited Geraldton for a very long time, its movements beinc^ comiiied chit 1} coast. The Ai t tiie 0 1 -i i 1 iv s connection witit t 1 HIT eany UHJWU t'ter b i:i;iio was ena Jit'-reStilU' in me as at it ^ i a tol d t i wiliy-willy, Lvery season for tne hist three years she lias encountered lively gales at the Xor'-west and has come out of the exuericnce very little the worse of it. These are some of tiie steamers that in past years have made tjreraldton familiar with the name of the Adelaide Steamship Company. To-day the Company's fleet numbers just upon JO vessels, all of -whom, except perhaps the Innamincka and the Adeleide, have culled at Geraldton. With those fine coasters the Wollowra, Marloo, Allinga and Bullara the port is well acquainted, as also with the Colao and KoJya which during the winter months engage in the Nor'-west cattle trade. Times change and the old order gives place to the new. At one time the queer little Lubra was considered to be no unimportant item in the shipping business of this port. Nowadays we are visited by vessels, the Marloo for instance, which could with a little trouble have hoisted the Lubra in their davits. A safeguard against the ill-effects of bad water—WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS. 