The: I.qi ■< ■ Sl (COPYKIOIIT.) IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. IVAN DEXTER. CHAPTER SXX.—Continued. Charleston returned home the same day, it being understood that Trenoweth would makehiB way to Melbourne and return with a yaoht, even if be had to get one built. He told the Ilyani about the finding o! the treasure, and the sad fate of Parsons. The latter had been well known on Cape Barren Island, and the news of his awful death caused general regret. The good old couple did not appear much conoerncd about the gold. That is, the fact of obtaining suoh wealth did not affect them, though tbf*xti«tet>od wonder to the strange narrative. Mrs. Ryan, indeed, rather upset Edward by exhibiting considerable anxiety to know what had become of the huge king fish which had startled him in the hold of the Gellibrand. *' Oh, we killed the big fellow and had a portion of him for dinner,” he replied. 11 Well, that wbb better than to let it die a lingering death in the ship," the sympa thetic woman said. A couple of days later the Flora entered the little harbor and Trcnoweth bade his friends adieu. He did not tell them what his intention was, as he wanted to give them a pleasaut surprise. He was entrusted with a message to Miss Ryan, and when, a few days later, he reached Launceston, he had an excellent excuse for calling on the young lady. In tact, during the three days he was in Launceston he saw her several times, and at each interview his good opinion of the fair Nelly was increased. When he got to Melbourne he went at once to his ever staunch friend and guide, John Barr, and told him what he was in search ot. The genial Barr was pleased with the notion,and introduced him toa naval friend of his named Captain Schultz. 1 1 The latter was a thoroughly experienced mariner, and just the man to make a wise selection. a An advertisement was inserted in the leading Melbourne papers, Betting forth Trenoweth’s want, and in less than a week he foun i himself the proprietor of a beau tiful little thirty-ton yacht, named The Blinders, Captain Schultz also carefully selected a very efficient crew for tbo boat, and a fortnight after his arrival in Melbourne Trenoweth was again ready to sail for the islands. He did not tarry long in the Victorian metropolis, for after taking a few friends round tbo bay bo fravo him mlcinpor orrfn« to , aaii ror OJnrke’a Island. j The yacht was nn excellent Baa boat and sumptuously appointed, and as the fortunate yonng Cornishman reclined on deck as the vssscl Bkimmed along, he could not help , contrasting his ease and luxury with those , dark dayB of anguish and suffering when he . was lost in the parched interior. Suddenly he started up, and going to his cabin, opened an old portmanteau and took , from it a carefully wrapped parcel. Going on deck he opened it and revealed a lump of magnificent silver ore. For a full hour he gazed at the specimen, while his face bore a speculatively- troubled What memories did that lump of heavy ore recall to him ? They were evidently no pleasant ones, for the expression on his face wa3 not that of pleasure, but rather that of pain. Trenoweth knew in a dim, vague way that there was something connected with the ore that was poignant with consequences, but, for ihe life of him, he could not chrystalise the thoughts whioh floated in confusion through his brain. What a mystery memory is 1 The genius of man can penetrate beyond the solar system into Stella worlds lost in the infinite depths of space ; it can harness the lightning from heaven and make it entirely obedient; but memory is altogether beyoDd itB reach. No scientist, no inspired investigator, has yet been able to explain the mysterious workings of that god-like faculty we call memory. The old man can sit on the brink of tbe grave and unfold from bis mental treasury the panorama which stretches in a long vista to the cradle. He can conjure up in a moment all the events of his life, yet he knows not how it is done. \- And so with Trenoweth. He waB puzzled to think why he conld recollect the finding of the piece of ore in the dead man’s hand and the face of Kalla koo looking down on him, and yet not be able to fill up theahort gap between the two events. He was certain that there was a gap, Something in his inner consciousness told him so, but he could get no further. With a sign he got up and, going back to his cabin, replaced tbe piece of ore. When Clarke’s Island was reached no time was lost in placing the boxes of gold on board the yacht and, with Oharleston as passenger, sail was made for Cape Barren Island. The residents of this out-of-the-way place were somewhat surprised to see a stately yacht steering into the little bay, and their surprise turned to pleasure when they found who was owner of the pretty craft. It had been many years since a pleasure boat had touched at tbe place, and they felt it somewhat of an honor to entertain those on board. To Trenoweth’s extreme pleasure,he found, as tbe boat came near the pier, that Nelly Ryan was standing beside her mother, wait-, tbe approach of the etrange sail. 1 When anchor was cast’ he insisted on showing all bands over hiB purchase, and he felt more than ropaid when he saw the de light which appeared in the bright eyes of Nelly Ryan. A week wasspenton the island and, when leaving for Melbourne, Trenoweth insisted on Mr. Ryan and Nelly going with him to the southern metropolis. He argued in tue most eloquent fashion that tbe old schoolmaster must need a change ot scene and » rest from bis routine \- labors. liytn said ha had teen already in Mel bourne ; but, as he admitted that it was fully a quarter of a century previous, Ed ward brushed the objection aside as being valueless. Mrs.-Ryan favored the young man’B sug gestion, and between them it was decided as Trenoweth wished. The trip across was a delightful one, and the schoolmaster had not been an hour at sea when he mentally congratulated himself on having been persuaded to fall in with the bis friend's desire. As for the fair Nelly, she was more than delighted, not so much with the sea trip, as sho >ras used to that in her frequent visits to Launceston, but with the prospect of seeing Melbourne. She had never yet been across the Btraits, and her wish was to see the city of which she bad heard so much. When Barr heard of his friend's arrival be insisted that he and those with him should all stop at Essendon,and be uncerimoniousiy removed them from the hotel where they had put up. . CHAPTER XXXI. THE OLD STOUT. As soon as Charleston had disposed of his share of the gold, Trenoweth decided to deal with his portion. He went to the Victorian Treasurer and laid all the facts before him, and the reply he got reassured him. " Divide the money amongst the charities, my friend, The Government could not claim it, and it would be practically Impos sible to find the rightful' owners.. If you make it public you will have a lot of bogus claims sent in and no end of trouble.” The authorities at tht Melbourne Mint were considerably surprised at the large qunntity of the precious metal which was jffered them by the islander, but beyond a formal question or two the surprise was not manifested. The gold was assayed and found puro, Ihe regulation price paid, and the transac tion ended; Various of the charities benefited by Tre coweth's generosity, and a large sum wub kept for similar purposes to be expended in Tasmania. Neither was Charleston a niggard with bis new-found wealth. . His tastes were simple and bis wants, on □lsrke’s Island, few The fact that he was now a comparatively wealthy man did not seem to have the slight est effect on him. He wsb one of those tew men whom riches loes not demoralise. It occurred to Edward at this time to try ind ascertain what had become of the par :nts of the Nortons. He knew that Grey had no relatives in Ihe colony, but he felt particularly anxious to know if the old couple who had been so suddenly bereaved of their sons were still The “ missing friend* " columns of the ceding colonial papers were laid under he couple he wished to see. The Btory they told was an exceedingly fleeting one. When intelligence reached them at Ing’.e vood of the supposed tragic fate of their ons they realised the little money they could .nd set off for Adelaide. From there they started into the interior, ,nd actually travelled as far as Mulwa tation, determined to set at rest all doubts is to the fate of their sons. At Mulwa they saw manager Anderson, md from the information given by him, and ilso by the remnants of clothes and articles bund near the skeletons, they knew that leath had ewept the loved ones for over from The kind-hearted manager drove them out ;o the graTc on the plain, and they had the melancholy satisfaction of knowing that it least decent burial had been given to the lead. * Broken in heart and with almost empty pockets, they managed to get back to Mel bourne, where they were making a precari ous livlihood. Trenoweth told them- the story of the fatal expedition, as far as he knew; and he took care that the childless old couple should never want again as long-as life He made a provision for them that placed them in an independent position, and he felt that never had he derived more plea sure from the expenditure of money. The days went swiftly by after this with Trenoweth. In the society of Miss Ryan he seemed to forget all the troubles of bis life, and be became again the happy youth be had been when be worked the Wheal Merlin and his life sky bad never a clond to mar its sun It seemed as if he bad quite. forgotten his promise to Mrs. Ryan to bring her husband and daughter back to the island in a couple of weeks’ time, The old man himself, it must be confessed, did not appear in a hurry to return, and his daughter took an almost-childish delight in seeing the- eights of the city.( - She never seemed to weary, and she taxed the ingenuity of her friends to find her new places and scenes. How long this blissful state might have continued it is difficult to say, had not an untoward event happened which caused Edward to briDg his Melbourne visit to an It watthe month of November, and the beauty and fashion of Australia waB gravi tating to the'Victorian metropolis to assist in the great racing carnival of the year. Usually staid people seemed for the month to be afflicted with a mania in the direction of horse-racing. They spoke of little else than the Mel bourne Cup, and the universal topic of con versation was betting. The secular newspapers were filled with quotations of -tbs ” odds,” and minute des criptions of.the last fast gallop. ' One day it would be announced that the favorite bad a bad leg, and a thousand times more interest was manifested over the con dition of that horse thaAif it had been the most powerful crowned head of Europe. The religious journals thought the time opportune to 'denounce in scathing terms the frightful vice of gambling, which seemed to have fixed its demoralising grip fast on the hearts of the people. Reverend editors wrote columns of these denunciatory articles, and then they actively assisted at their church bazaar and encou j raged the begging young ladies in their monetary assaults on thepursss of the bach I slots.: It wns, indeed, a strange time nltoeel her. For the period man bowed down in worship to tlie horse and forgot aught ehe. Of course, it was arranged that Trenoweth and his friends Bhould go to the Rlelbourm Cup, as half the population of the colony wns going to do likewise. A select party was formed, consisting of Barr and his family with Trenoweth and his The young man, it must be said, took but little interest in horse-racing ; and, bad be consulted hiB individual taste, he would not have gone to the Flemington course at all. The weather for the great racing event of the year was all that could be desired, and the course alone was well worth going The schoolmaster, used to the. quietude of the isolated island, was driven almost be wildered by the rush and roar of the mighty crowd in which he found himself at Flemington. lie had never in his life seen anything to approach the excited multitude, and it took Barr a considerable portion of his time to* look after his elderly friend. ... Trcuuwctn, or course, devoted himself to Miss Ryan, and was extremely assiduous in bis attentions. The operations of the ” Ring ” at last at tracted their notice. They had been on the course for a little more than an hour when the brass-throated gentry, who make a liviDg by 11 laying the odds,” caused the pair to pause in their peregrinations. The Cup was the next race to be run,and it was on this event that the wagering was being made. The din of voioes resembled the confusion that must have prevailed at tha Tower ol Babel, and it was quite incomprehensible to both Trenoweth and Miss Ryan, at the first. As they listened it became more intelli gible, and gradually they were able to distinguish what all the shouting was about. One man in particular was particular for his brazen throat, and Trenoweth gave a start as he heard him called Simpson by a gentleman whe had just taken the odds from Why ho felt any surprise at the mention of that name he could cot tell at the mo lt was, as the reader knows, a man named Simpson who married Inez Jasper, but since that event Edward had met a number of people bearing the name. He looked at the fellow in front of him with considerable ouriosity, and the more he scrutinised him the more confident he got that he had met with some one who had crossed his life. The face of the bookmaker was not a pleasant ono, by any means. The skilled physiognomist would hare no difficulty in reading evil in that face, and vice bad marked it in no nncertain man lie was evidently betting heavily, as he could scarce find time to book the nume rous wagers which were flowing in on The description given by Mrs. Trenoweth a" -VSfu1S“muu'Sna to a"greit extent it corre sponded with that of the man he was look Tbe difference could easily be accounted for by the lapse of time and the wild and dissipated life which the bookmaker had led. Then Trenoweth recollected, that his mother had said that Charles Simpson was a squatter, or had represented himself to_be It was quite feasible, though not at all probable, that the former squatter had, by reverse of fortune, retrograded into a book maker ; but it was still more likely that the Simpson of St. Columb’s Cove had falsely represented himself to Mrs. Trenoweth and If his object waB to win the latter it was morally certain that had been done to gain his point. He was bo engrossed in his study that Nelly Ryan spoke to him twioe before he answered her,and he had to apologies for his fit of abstraction, as he called it. He reflected that if Simpson were really the man he suspected him to be, hiB wife, if alive, would almost certainly be on the course. In a crowd of sixty thousand persons it would not be easy to pick out a single indi vidual, but if Inez Jasper was anywhere about Trenoweth felt sure he would see her —even if the crowd numbered more than a million. When the race was run the yonng man noticed that bookmaker Simpson appeared ill at ease. His face was decidedly pale, and his lips tvritohed nervously, as though something unforeseen had happened. For a wonder, a red-hot favorite had won and there was a settled gloom on the faces of a good many bookmakers. Their boisterous demeanor was now subi dued, and it was apparent that many: of them bad been heavily hit by the result of the Cup raoe. Trenoweth and Miss Ryan strolled on, to the lawn, and the young lady could not help enquiring what made her companion look so serious. He was fain to protest that nothing was the matter with him, but his face belied bis assertion. They met Barr and the old schoolmaster on the lawn and had juBt turned away from them, when Edward came face to face with ono that caused him to stop suddenly and utter an exclamation of surprise. Not ten feet away stood Inez Jasper, or rather Mrs. Charles Simpson. She was staring lull at him, with*a pecu liarly sarcastic smile on her lips. She had altered somewhat, but not for the better. There was that indefinable expression in her looks which spoke of unhappiness, , and care sat heavily on her. For half a minute Trenoweth returned the stare of the woman who had jilted him, whilst his companion regarded him with silent surprise Then, with an abrupt apology, for hia conduct, he offered Miss Ryan his arm and, with a muttered excuse, turned back with her towards the Bpot where hei father and Barr were standing. “ I believe I have seen ghosts to-day,”-he said, with a sad smile, to tps companion. Twice this afternoon I have been startled by seeing people 1 thought I knew, but it was only fancy.” As the young couple turned away Mrs, Simpson regarded them with .an eager look, and remained motionless for several min* Then, with a half- suppressed sigh, she turned and went off 1 towards the grand stand.—71* he Continuti. , WviF' V-21 ' Footiuu,.—A match will be played qu, Nichols’ pvij.1 ..on Saturday next between the Khancobun and 0 irryong teams. The latter will lie represented ;,l)y a teain picked from the following: • JChomas, Betts, Sheather (2), Craw ford (3),' Lukin's (2). Master's, Parks, Larsen, Eastlake, Ebbs, Bartlett, Sul livan, Wills, Roddick, Harris, Acocks, Lainond. Increase of. Lu.saoy.—The records of the Bsecliworth, police court (says the Owns Ra/ister) go: to show that since the begiuniug of the year there lias been an abnormal increase in the number of lunacy cases dealt with. :7joince the 21th January, no • fewer than 10 persons have been examined and in all, save one, the evidence of .-the medical practioner has proved.them insane and led to their committal to ••the Hospital for Insane. In' the majority of cases, the unfortunate people have been remanded from other ■ .district courts to the Beechworth Goal for medical observation. If the ■^present increase, is to continue, not "only will the fleeckwoiah "Lunatic Asylum require considerable addition :to its accommodation but something akin to a Royal Commission will re quire to be appointed to enquire into \- the cause of the lamentable increase of this melancholy disease. From Janu ary 24th to May 9th, both dates in clusive, is exactly 105 days, and the committals for lunacy number 15 . during that period, or one every seven days. 