The Anglican Synod. The Annual Session in connection ■with the Synod of Grafton and Armi dale, met at Tamworth yesterday (Monday) morning, when tbe following address "was delivered by the Presi dent :— My Brethren of the Clergy and of the Laity— It is nine years since a Session of Synod met in Tamworth. Meanwhile, the town has not only grown ma terially, but has become the centre of an Archdeaconry, and the focus of an active and progressive Church life. In a Diocese such as ours, which con tains no one place supremely predomi nant as to population, it is well that, from time to time, Sessions of Synod should be held elsewhere than in the Cathedral cities. I trust that your attendance here may be agreeable to yourselves, and not without benefit to the town which is so hospitably receiving us. C AltOlt EWING. We welcome, to-day the first Lay Representatives returned by the new Parochial Districts of Collarendabri and Drake. One* familiar'and vener able form we miss, that of the late Canon Ewing, of Lismore. In a good old age, having served his generation, he has been gathered to his fathers. His strong personality and uncom promising assertion of everything which he conceived to be a matter of principle, coupled with exceptional natural abilities, made him a striking figure in our community. Personally, I shall much miss him from my side. I cannot forget how loyally he ac cepted the new regime in the Diocese, and how his whole weight, as Vicar and •Rural Dean, was thrown into tbe scale of obedient fidelity. God's peace be with him. st. John's college. During the year which has passed since we met in Armidale, we have accomplished the building of St. John's Theological College, and now stand in this satisfactory position, that we can train some seven men within our own walls, at a cost per man of 12s. 6d. per \- week. The building itself is main tained by the interest on a capitalised endowment fund of £850. The in struction is, for the present, my own special contribution; and, while it is a heavy addition to any Bishop's work, it is, at all events, a labour of love. As the Cathedral system develops, no doubt we shall be able to make other and better arrangements. Our pre sent most pressing need is scholar ships. Even at St. John's College a man cannot live for nothing. I ap peal to-day to our local laity for aid in this direction. Each scholarship of £25 a year, tenable for two years, would put one student into the Col lege. Fifty pounds could scarcely be better spent. We have four or five good and promising men, who would gladly come to us, but who cannot for want of means. I do not think it is necessary that scholarships should always be secured by endowment. Two scholarships have been given to us by tbe generous S.P.C.K. Will not local liberality, and local foresight, add to this good beginning 1 THEOLOGICAL EXAMINATIONS. In another direction also we have done, educationally, well. At the first examination held (throughout Austra lia) in 1898 by the Australian College 1 of Theology, established by Determina tion of the General Synod, two candi dates from this Diocese were success ful, one (an Armidale lady) securing the only place awarded in First-class Honours for Tb. A.; the other (the Rev. Francis Morrish, now Vicar of Walcha) obtaining the degree of Th. L., with honours. May I hope that many others will follow the good ex ample thus set ? Our Sunday School teachers, after passing through our own Association's excellent course of examinations, might offer themselves for Th. A. (which is open to laity, men or women) ; and it wonld indeed rejoice my heart if many other clergy from the Diocese be found so studiously methodical, and so well instructed, as to avail themselves of the admirable opportunities of systematic reading af forded by the course which I have mentioned. There never was an age -when it was more important that those -who instruct others in holy things should be possessed of wide, solid, and accurate knowledge. MOKAL BLOTS. And yet, rejoice as we shall all do over these and many other tokens of progress, over new churches erected {there are now well over a hundred in "the Diocese), and over the successful work going on in many of our parishes, there is much as yet to cause anxiety to those of us (and they are many) who regard the Church as a moral witness and a moral teacher. We do sadly need a higher level all round. Could you know the inner diocesan history of the past twelve months, you would know with what ample reason I say that we, who are called upon to hold any office in the Church of God, cannot guard our own lives too carefully. May I say to my brethreu of the clergy that they can scarcely be too cautious how they sign Letters Testimonial in cases where it is thoroughly, well understood that there has been moral delinquency ? However painful demur may be, and however we may expose ourselves to accusations of hardness and narrow ness, we have, I conceive, no right to certify to the Church that all is well when we know, only too surely, that all is not well. Believe me, the respon sibility is very great. The time is coming, if it has not already come, when the Church will be judged in men's eyes by her fidelity or otherwise to the moral law. Similarly with regard to the means by which the Church obtains her reve nues. After five years of diocesan work together, you of the Synod know perfectly well my own views in this matter, and (if Resolutions go for any thing) I know yours. And yet there is a steadily persistent tendency on the part of too many of our people to wink at any means which promises gain, however dubious the moral influence of such means upon the community. This, of course, is aggravated by the officious sympathy eagerly proffered by those multitudes who are only too glad to find the Church yielding an inch where they mean to take an ell: " Timeo Danaos et dona ferentes." Well, we have protested once (and that unanimously) against Raffling. We have gone further, and have urged the superior dignity of direct giving as con trasted with any form of indirect; con tribution. Nobody wants to be unrea sonable in these matters; but really we ought to have the courage of what we have ourselves, officially and jointly, said as a Diocese. Where questions of right and.wrong are concerned, we cannot be too careful to remember that newspapers are not our maste^. Anci it wiH be an evil day for us when we go to them for our morality instead of to the Law of God. Let me assure you that we have our battle yet to fight. It is but a few months since an important Parish in this Diocese pro posed to pay off its Vicarage debt by a big intercolonial art union, and was only hindered from doing so by the fact that the State declined to sanction the scheme as bona fide. But what are we to say when the morals of the State are brought to bear, for correc tion or repression, upon the financial enterprises of the Church? It is, again, but a few weeks since it be came my duty, as President of the Synod, to protest in your name against the introduction of similar evils into one of our Cathedral parishes. Another, and equally painful experi ence, has come to us through our Sun day Schools. We have learned that it must not be taken for granted that even our own Sunday School teachers are au fait with the ethics of examina tions. Now, why do I quote these re pulsive instances ? Because I want this Synod to see, with me, that we must at any cost (however poor and imperfect we may feel our own influ ence, and standard, and opportunities to be), do our best to make men re spect the Church of God. We want to bring the community to a moral sen sitiveness which would render impos sible the unhappy candour of one of our N.S.W. legislators, "If the Ten Commandments did not suit the times I would throw them overboard." You ask how are we to do this? I reply, partly through our own patient indi vidual example; partly through our corporate action ; partly (might it not well be ?) by endeavouring to arouse dormant consciences through such special work as that of the Parochial Mission. It is a grief to me that through this Diocese there has not been one Parochial Mission held dur ing the five years of my episcopate. I presume the most conservative of , Churchmen would grant that we some- j times need special means to compass 1 special ends. Surely if parochial mis- j sions have been found eminently help- j ful everywhere for the reclamation of s the wandering ; for the awakening of the careless; for the instruction of those who are ill taught in the truth of the Gospel; we cannot suppose they will be altogether fruitless in north eastern New South Wales. OUR BURIAL GROUNDS. We have been speaking of the Church's honour. May I add a word, which seems properly to come in here, upon a matter where she needs to take the path of honourable duty. I refer to " God's acre"—our cemeteries. The reverent care of the Christian dead can never be a matter of indiffer ence to truly Christian people. Ill kept or neglected cemeteries are, hut too often, the indications of a semi materialistic disbelief in the sacredness of that body which, -mortal as it is, has nevertheless been the " temple of the Holy Ghost." In many places the difficulty seems to be to arrange for a competent trust which shall properly discharge the duties of cemetery over sight. But I would point out that the Church of England in this Diocese has provided, by her Synodical Ordin ance of 1896, eveiy facility in this di rection. The Government has never ; refused to appoint, on my nomination, the Corporate Trustees of the Dio cese as Trustees of any of our ceme teries. Where this is done, these Trustees notify the local churchpeople that they hold the cemetery under the provisions of the Synod's Ordinance; and this places the sole administration in the hands of the local clergyman and his Churchwardens, with a code of rules and regulations ready to hand. On one point I wish to speak ex plicitly. It is contrary to all propriety (perhaps a stronger expression might justifiably be used) that moneys paid in purchase of land for burial purposes should be treated as the property of the general revenue of a parish, and utilised for general objects. Such ap propriation is at variance, not only with the implied trust under which the State has conferred upon us local control of our cemeteries, but also with the ex press directions of Synod, which pro vide that such payments are to be ex pended upon keeping the burial ground in good order. It has more than once duriug the past year been my duty to request observance of what should surely be a practice suggested by every consideration of rectitude and pro priety. And I beg that all office bearers in the Diocese will aid me in guarding against such irregularities as I have described. Well, after all, these are smaller ! points of detail. But they are not without importance, for, after all, it i this detail and that which, in the sum of things, make up character. Yet, before we pass in review the leading measures submitted to our House this session, let us glance for a moment at j the wider world around us. AUSTRALIAN FEDERATION. Here in the mother colony of the noble Australian group, and therefore under a special sense of the respon-; sibilitv of our decision, we are con fronted by the supreme question of Federation. It would be an imperti-: nence on my part to offer to this Synod, containing so many men better versed than myself in historical, con stitutional, and economic knowledge, any considerations similar to those which are commonly adduced at pub lic meetings. But I do wish to sub mit, with all respectful diffidence, a point which ought not to be " nothing worth" with Churchmen. I have thought from the outset, and I think still, that on such' a question the Church haseveiy right to indicate in what direction her own* principles must lead. It is true that in electing this candidate or that to political office • true that, when we are dealing with mere partisan questions, or those purely material issues which do not impinge upon the realm of morals, the Church does ill to interfere. A clergyman is, I think, an unwise man (to say the least of it), and certainly he acts in direct conflict with my own instructions, if he " barracks" in favour of one candidate for Parliament as against another, or if he makes a Church question out of a railway route or a commercial tariff. But when we come to Federation we are dealing with a vital issue of national life, and national life is inconceivable apart from those same great principles which are supremely dear to the Church her self. Surely, then, we have every right to protest against such persua sion as would ask men to determine this issue on grounds of the most ab ject selfishness, naked and not ashamed, and to beg them to assign due weight to other considerations than those of a merely commercial character. For instance, it cannot be a matter of in difference to us, as men who would make, as far as in us lies, for peace, that influences should be at work which, insensibly, but none the less surely, build up barriers between us and our kith and kin in other Aus tralian States. Men tell us that we are already " sentimentally federated." My own experience would be that the converse is much nearer the truth, and that we are rapidly becoming, in our present state of provincial isolation, sentimentally divided, and that by artificial barriers. :J)id nobody in this Diocese ever hear of New South Wekhjnen consumed wit^i a bitter jealousy of Victorians, or Queens landers of New South Welshmen ? Now, I say that the Church's object ought always to be, socially, ecclesias tically, and politically, to throw down the " middle wall or partition." She is built upon brotherhood. Let men argue as they may, nothing can get away from the fact that Australian Federation does make for brotherhood. , And we cannot go on for ever ap proving the principle of a Federal Aus tralia in the abstract, and rejecting every Federal scheme in the concrete. And, therefore, while we have no right to impute unworthy motives to those who cannot bring themselves to see just as we ourselves may see, and while we ought to be. par ticularly careful that, in the House of God, nothing be said or done which may savour of improper use of the clergy man's unique opportunities, yet it can not be wrong that we should, one and all, clergy aud laity, endeavour to secure one great end. Our people ought to be taught how impossible it is for them, in dealing with those supreme national proposals which from age to age will; call for their decision, to decide justly, rightly, intelligently, unless they apply a better and broader standard than that of pounds, shillings, and pence. | Every true patriot desires to see his j country prosperous. Personally, I be-! lieve that a united Australia means a fuller and surer material prosperity for all her citizens. But even if it meant a temporary sacrifice for us, would not that sacrifice be worth while 2 Every true patriot, if he be possessed of powers of observation and reflection, knows that riches alone never made a nation "permanent, great, or* free. Carthage was rich, and Rome was poor; Persia was rich, and Greece was poor; how are we to believe that the principles which made, or marred, public life then have ceased to operate in U.S. W. to-day 2 THE ENGLISH TROUBLES. The wider world, we said. And our thoughts torn naturally to the old Motherland and to the trying experi ence through which the English Church is passing there. Crises come: and crises go: the Church has seen a good many crises: and still she lives. True, it is, that here, where our work differs so markedly from that in the older home of Anglicanism, the din of the conflict rings but as a confused echo in our ears. We recognise that, so far as ritual is concerned, ritual there must be, wherever we have human worship. The Presbyterian, the Bap tist, the Salvationist, are no more dis sociated from ritual than we ourselves. If my people will but remember that in eases of doubt or difficulty as to ritual the right person to whom repre sentations should be made is, in accord ance with Prayer Book instruction, the Bishop of the Diocese, who will never, wilfully and knowingly, falter in doing justice : if my clergy will be mindful that tliey must not alter the services in the Prayer Book, nor omit, nor interpolate, nor use additional or special services without the sanction of i the Bishop (who is himself, I quite ad I mit, answerable in turn to the general wisdom and judgment of the whole Church), then we shall never have em bittering disputes on service or cere monial here. I am well aware, of course, that the present trouble is not connected solely with ceremonial. There is, so far as I know, no such party among ourselves as that which has caused the unrest in England. There, beyond question, we have a 1 little knot of men who find an unac \- countable delight in inculcating every thing, doctrine included, which is Bo man. There, too often, the Holy Communion has become " the Mass : manuals of devotion are placed in the hands of confirmees framed upon Ro man models, and suggesting, or openly directing, distinctly Roman practices: private confession is no longer (what the Prayer Book intended it to be) the exceptional remedy, but is taught as of obligation upon the Christian man, or woman * .-doctrines distinctly Roman ate taught ifi Anglican pulpits. Well, a'man has a perfect fight to be a Ro man Catholic, if bis reading of history suffer him so to be. But he bas no right whatever to inculcate the tenets of Roman Catholicism, and yet eat the bread of the Church of Eng land : just as he has no right what ever to teach the doctrines of dis sent, and (by omission or commis sion) sanction or recommend the prac tices of dissent, and yet hold office in the Church of England. Our Anglican way, way of compromise as it is, ample way as it is, has yet its definite borders. (We in this Diocese have long proudly cherished a tradition of peace and goodwill among our ranks. High and low, rich and poor, one with an othet," we have known no sectional jealousies or faction feuds. Long may that spirit continue. Rest assured, brethren all, that the Bishops are anxi ously endeavouring to do their duty ; as watchmen for the Lord and guar I dians of the old faith which has come down to us. If the call to set the face ; " against false doctrine, like a rock,' | . should ever come to the Bishop of this ! Diocese (which God forbid !) you will j do him, I trust, the justice to believe ! that he will fulfil his duty. | PJROPOSED LEGISLATION. I pass next the to practical business : submitted to you this Session, ventur ' ing to offer some explanatory words ■ which have, I am told, been found use ful on previous occasions. The Coun | cil's Bill to amend the Clergy Provi 1 dent Fund Ordinance introduces no ; new principle.- It is rather an at-1 tempt to perfect the Fund's machinery, j and to render less ambiguous certain ] [ provisions in the. principal Ordinance. When w.e are dealing with that Bill, ] the question will,' I understand, be raised as to Synod's power to require the making of a special collection an nually for the Fund. I do not wish in any way to prejudice the discussion upon this interesting point, which goes, of course, to the root of the legality of every special collection required for any purpose by Ordinance of foynod. I will merely say that I have taken the precaution to procure a legal opin ion from the Chancellor of the Diocese | (the Master in Equity), and when the proper time comes I shall be glad, with the permission of the House, to read to them the case submitted, and the conclusion arrived at by our chief legal adviser. The most important measure of the Session, however, is the Church Extension Fund Bill. It may be within the memory of some of our senior Synodsmen that in my Presi dential Address of 1896 I referred to a threefold task which it appeared to me we were called upon to face; a scheme for clergy training ■ some pro vision for clerical superannuation ; and a Fund to help on new pioneering work in the Diocese. The first and second of these we. have, so far as we can, ac complished. But the third is a vital necessity; and it remains for this session—the last, in all human like lihood, which will meet during the " eighteen hundreds"—to undertake ! and, I trust, accomplish the re maining task. Grafton and Armi dale, if I am correctly informed, stands alone among the Dioceses of Australia in possessing no such Fund for exten sion purposes. And I venture to say it iB becabse we have no such Fund, because there is so infrequent a call for devotion to the common good, that we have become! so steeped in paro chialism. - We want something in our Church life to teach us unselfishness and consideration for others. Will the day ever come when clergy and laity awake all round to discover that the surest means to unlock men's gene rosity, for every purpose, is to interest them, to broaden their sympathies, to teach them that the Church does really endeavour, in some practical way, to recognise her oneness and her belief in her Master's sublime principle. "It is more blessed to give than to re ceive." The text of the Bill before Synod will show you in how many directions it is proposed to make such a Fund useful. For augmenting the (all too numerous) starvation stipends of our isolated clergy ; for aiding the erection of new buildings; for assisting towards the training of such candidates for Holy Orders as are unprovided with scholarships; in a score of ways, wherever the helping hand is needed in the general work of the Diocese, to stretch out that hand; for such pur poses we purpose to use our new Fund. The wonder is that the Diocese has got on so long without it. The day will come, if we are sound at heart, when the biggest offertory in the year will be that for the Church Extension Fund; when parish will rival parish in its desire to head the year's record of aid afforded to the Fund. I say to-: day, as I have said again and again, 1 that the performance of such broad and generous work is essential to the Church's welfare. It is articulus stantis vel cadentis ecclesiae. BASIS OP SYNOD'S AtJTHOBITY. And before we begin our deliberative labqurs, the oldest and wisest of you will know how well it is that I should ask : Do we all of us realise what the true importance and solemnity of our work as Synodsmen is 1 I hope I may reach a wider audience than that ga thered in this Hall when I say that Synod's position is much underrated, and that its powers, functions, and op portunities are larger than some, pos sibly even of our own number, appear to suppose. The Synod has a double office. It is primarily the authorised legislative organ for the Diocese. Our legislation is not child's play. It is binding upon the members of our Church in virtue of parliamentary enactments. " All Ordinances of the Synod" (so runs the 3rd Constitution of the Church in N.S.W.), "shall be binding upon the Bishop and all other members of the Church within the Diocese." Now, these Constitutions are ratified by an Act of Parliament of 1866, which makes them obligatory, for all temporal purposes, upon the members of the Church of England. Similarly, the Act of Parliament which recently repealed the old Church Act expressly deputes to Synod the control of all lands and buildings, the property of the Church, within the Diocese. Our Ordinances, therefore, in all mat ters connected with ' the order and good government of the Church, and the regulation of its affairs within the Diocese,' are not merely counsels of perfection," or pro forma recommen dations to our people; they are, for us, legally binding. That is why we cannot be too careful, in our law making, thoroughly to apprehend our principles, and, having apprehended them, then to express our meaning with lucidity and definiteness. We are framing Church laws which, until they are repealed, are to be obeyed. But Synod has another function. It is also, so far at least as our own Diocese is concerned, the mouthpiece of the Church's opinion ; not of merely clerical opinion (for the laity in Synod outnumber the clergy by two to one), but of the Church's opinion. Our resolutions, therefore, while stand ing upon a different legal basis from our Ordinances, carry nevertheless weighty moral authority. And they ought to be taken seriously, first of all by ourselves, and then by others of our communion. Whatever we do, let us not fall into the worst of errors which can beset a representative de liberative body, and yield to the temp tation tQ attitudinise before the public —so long as we are within the Synod walls. Let us, in whatever resolutions we may pass, give expression, not to what we fancy we are expected to say, but to what we really do mean and desire to say. And then, having acted honestly, let us have the courage of our convictions. We must not say one thing in Synod, and whisper another outside Synod ; nor be brave only when we have the inspiration and sympathy of numbers on our side. Your President has repeatedly i asserted (no credit to him, for it is his bounden duty to do so) the importance and respect due to your utterances; and has encountered plentiful abuse for so doing. But the duty lies upon every member, in his own sphere, equally with the President, to treat the Synod's expressed mind (unless it be on some point where he has made open dissent) as a position for which he too is called upon to do brave battle. If we ourselves respect our own determinations, it will not be long before others will respect them also. I ask for caution, courage, and consistency, as our triple watchword when we come to play our appointed part in connection with the Church's organ of legislation and of opinion within this Diocese. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS. Let me, in conclusion, express my heartfelt gratitude to those loyal office bferers without whose gallant co-opera tion the work of the Diocese could not be carried on. Archdeacons, Examin ing Chaplains, and Rural Deans, Ca thedral Chapter and Diocesan Council, Chancellor and Solicitor to the Diocese, members of all our Boards and Com mittees, how all too infrequently and inadequately is your faithful work ac knowledged! Let me make acknowledg ment to-day. Your burden is the heavier for every new Ordinance, every fresh province of diocesan activity. Yet I know full well you would not have it otherwise. You will not grudge this added service, nor regret the lengthen ing list of duties, if only, in the little life which is given to us, we can set forward the welfare of the Church of our forefathers, and in so doing, as we humbly and reverently trust, bring just a little nearer the coming of that Kingdom for whose advent our daily Orisons arise to God. A young man named Alexander Everett committed suicide at Albury, on Tuesday night. While conversing with his sister he took a razor and cut his throat, inflict ing a deep gash. MisB Everett snatched the razor from his hand and gave the alarm. The police arrived, but the in. jured man had disappeared, having jumped down a well thirty feet deep. Hopes were procured, and he was bronght to the sur face and taken to the hospital, where he died the next morning. The trade of West Australia shows for. the present year an increase of two mil lions over last. The new Commercial Travellers' Clnb premises, Flinders-street, Melbourne, were formally opened last week, when 1000 visitors attended. 