ANO rtER FAtlURE. BEroORE the Yarra box tragedy is con signed to the oblivion of the past, it should be noted that it forms another peg on which to hang arguments in favor of some steps being taken to ascertain, and if possible remove, the causes which contribute to the present inefficiency of the detective force. The "Argus" some time ago published a series of articles pointing out blot after blot in regard to the administration and operations of the criminal investigation branch of the Victorian police, but nothing came of it, and tie taxpayers still go on paying for the maintenance of a body of men, and certainly not getting an equivalent for their money. The Yarra tragedy owes its revelation no more to the detectives than it does to the children in our schools. Whlat are thie facts ? The detectives go to the very house in which Dubberke resided, and start making in quiries, on the supposition that the corpse found in the box was that of the above naniedgirl. Dubberke was able to satisfy thlese wise men that she was really in the flesh talking to them, and consequently not the occupant of the mysterious'box bearing the name of her supposed lover, T. R; Atkins. This was quite sufficient, and so satisfied the detectives that no more inquiries in that quarter were deemed necessary on their part. So that it seems the nearer they get to a clue the more they become mystified, and .in fact are like the old man who hIunts for his spectacles when they are on his nose. Constable Organ, Irowever?-urdoubtr asthipidd sorffToel low in uniform in the estimation of the C.I."know- alls"-was much m:,re astute. HIe found that a girl of about 18 was missing from a hIouse in Osborne-street, South Yarra, and immediately after the detectives had departed, started making investigations on his own account. However, hlie was heavily handicapped by Dr. Neild being so dogmatic as to the agEof the deceased, that gentleman, asserting repeatedly that it was o0. Had the doctor not been so "cocksure" on this point there is little doubt but that Constable Organ would most cer tainly have unravelled the leading facts of the mystery. Then again, the detec tives appear to have been like the pro verbial "deal adder" between the body being found and the arrests made, since it seems to have been pretty clear to many people in populous Prahran that the body in the box was that of Malbel Ambrose. Tod's friends and acquain tances are spoken of as chaffing him and saying "That's your girl Malbel in the "box all right." Some of these people must have had grounds for this remark, and certainly they did not whisper it.i. the young man's ear, but blurted it out right and lefIk--But-the detectives;,like they always do, had formed their own pet theory as to the whole matter, and the facts that would not fit the theory were brubhed aside ias unworthy of cog nisance. Whatever Dubberke's moral failings may have been she should ever be gratefully remembered by the detec tives, as, but for her, the two prisoners in the Melbourne Gaol would be at liberty. It would puzzle any chronioler to put his finger on any real good piece of detective work at all recently. As for Archer, the Strathmerton murderer, he was naturally a man of a low order of mental calibre, and weakened it still more by inremperance, and practically put his head in the noose himself. Be sides he was arrested by an uniformned man-Constable MLoylan of North M1el bourne. About twelvenmonths ago, at -Varre?Tdin-an out of the way, scantily populated place-a man was found dead in his tent-shot through the head while asleepl. Deceased was peculiar in his manner, and was well known in the dis trict. Whlo murdered hibt Ask of winds. Somue years ago a robber named BLrnes pt tile tbroant of an old igan named Slack, in South Melbourne. Barnes was a "hatter" it crime-i.., worked by himself, The detectijt in, vestigated tile case, and it was finally concluded to be one of suicide. Some time after, Barnes, while serving a sen tence in Pentridge for a burglary, felt tile pangs of remorse, and fancied Ihe saw tile ghost of Slack at night in his cell. He confessed-but no man is ever hanged-ctually on-lis-own- statement yet Barnes put the Crown in the way of obtaining such strong testimony against himiself, thlat it had no course but to place him on his trial, and hle was found guilty and duly executed.' The detectives were agaiu "out of it." Andso, failure after failure could be cited, and if thIere are any really what thle evening press call in their fulsome style "cleverarrests," they are like plums in a boarding school pudding-very scarce. 