Vho Xnnamincka Railway Bill As might have been expected the second reading of this Bill is meeting with a great deal of opposition in the House. We promised to watch the passage of the measure and to keep before our readers the names of its supporters and opponents. At the adjourned debate on the second reading laBt Tuesday Messrs Paech and Von Doussa spoke very strongly against the Bill and said they would vote against it. Mr Hutchinson made an excellent telling Bpeech in its support, bristling with facts that the opponents will find hard to demolish. Mr Copley was more cautious as while he was not in favor of building the whole line from Innamincka to Leigh Creek, yet he favored a section of 50 or 60 miles being constructed from the Leigh Creek nd on the grounds that we have uothing certain to guide us as to what point the Queensland Government will bring their line to meet ours It is early yet to form any opinion as to the fate of the Bill, but from past experience we fear that, as Port Augusta will probably, almost certainly, derive a great benefit from the proposed line its successful passage through both Houses of Parliament is very problematical. The sister ports are too jealous and frightened to let us have greater advantages than we already possess, because they know full well this is the natural and best harbor of the colony and th legitimate outlet for the trade, commerce and produce of all the North and Far North are*;, MIXED IDEAS AND REFBESHEBS,—A certain good man returning home in the " wee etna' boors" was heard to give expression to his confirmed opinions about the war, thus, " Do eh'nt Bhe why ther» shoo* beeny war, now that Krugersh released Dreyfusb." HEAVY DBODGHT.—We have received information from a correspondent at Glengyle Station on the N. W. border of Queensland, stating that everything is very dry up that way. Bain being badly needed on tbe track from Birdsville and Gloncarry. The mail horses have great difficulty in making their journey every time, and are knocking up daily. PLATFORM ENGLISH.—"English ae she is spoke" is often ridiculous by the intro duction of a variety of unrelated subjects into one sentence to express an idea. At the Unley Town Hall on Thursday night a gentleman who aspires to see the title " Alderman" before bis name was dilating on the development of the local Oval, and remarked that " what a few years ago was a white elephant was now a lovely green picture, and the Sturt Cricketing Association had added greatly to its beauty by patting a feather in its cap." A SUBTERRANEAN GHOST.—According to s report from Blayney some consternation has been censed amongst the miners employed at a copper mine by the visitations of a ghost in one of the shafts. The e men say they hear strange noiseB, bells ringing, sighing, grounings, &o.; The miners declare they have had their candles extinguished by a supernatural visitor, and some allege that on different occasions something has brushed past them. Six men have left the mine owing to th terror the ghost has inspired. MISPLACED CONFIDENCE.—" Antolycus" in the Mount Barker Courier, of last week defends Kruger from the "laugh" that eorne poople raise at his " prayers and fuitb." \Ve do not see eye to eye with " Antolycus" in this matter. The tendency of a great many people to do things they know must act disastrously to themselves and others through sheer obstinacy and pigheadednesB, and then throw the blame upon the Lord is too much upon the increase, and the grossly irreverent manner in which the name of God is made use of by such fanatics not only causae a " laugh," but a disgusting feeling of revolt against those who so misuse it. Even supposing the Boera and Kruger were fighting for a legitimate cause, all sympathy with them vanishes after the diabolical manner in which they have fired npon the flags of truce and the Geneva Convention. The sooner they are all swept off the face of tbe earth the better. We say, unhesita tingly that such " prayers" are downright blasphemy, and that the Register's remarks were richly deserved. THE GATTON TRAGEDY.—The Boyal Police Commission having been appointed to enquire into Police matters, made stringent enquiries about the Gatton Tragedy, and as a result visited Gatton on October 23. From the evidence of Mrs Murphy, tbe mother of the victims, strong suspicion has fastened upon a young man named Day, who was employed by Mr Clarke a butcher, whose premises are situated about three quarters of a mile from the scene of the murder. Mrs Murphy bad mentioned her- suspicions to Detectives Tommy and Carew, but they pooh poohed any such suggestions. Th witness severely condemned Inspector Urquhart for the way he had muddled the whole case. Mr Murphy the father of tbe viciims, also gave evidence that reflected adversuly upon the Police. Ex oonstab'e Dan Murphy, brother of tbe viotims, stated that be had complained of the manner in which tbe Police bad received his remarks about Day upon th* first occasion that witness had visited Gatton after tbe murder. Charles Gilbert, the landlord of the Brian Boru Hotel, made eome strong remarks as to Inspector Urquhart trying to cast a slur upon wits'sses reputation. Mrs Margaret Carroll said that she and her son passed the Blip rails of Moran's Paddock on the night of he murder, and they saw a man there whom ber eon identified as Day, she further stated thatehe had never identified Burgess as the man she saw and was etill of opinion that it was Day. A. S. Smith, storekeeper at Gatton, stated that Day ame into his shop and bought a razor in he forenoon of the day that the murder as discovered, and had told the Police hat the man he saw at the sliprails was Clarke's Man." The Commission then djourned. RECEIVED.—We have received a copy of a paper called "The Meteor," which is the " weekly organ of the Sandhill Savages," and " published" in Port Augusta without any imprint. It is a production in cyclostyle manusoript and contains four pages of letter-size paper. The copy sent to nsis illustrated with two passable cartoons, and the reading matter, considering its yonthfnl origin, fairly good, although considerable improvements might easily be effected In tbe articles we oan find no particular merit except, perhaps, the one on " Birds and their memies " by " Dootus." That is worthy of a wider circulation than " The Meteor " is capable of giving. The production being still in its infancy we are not able to say in which manner it will justify its name, by brilliancy or rapidly passing out of sight. We hope the former, but we cannot endorse by any means its opinions expressed npon the present war in tbe Transvaal, because the Boers have by their cowardly and wilfol breaches of all recognised laws of warfare, placed themselves beyond the pale of all sympathy from right-minded people. They of their own free will, obstinacy, and hatred towards the British race, rnshed into war with a State that they knew perfectly well they had no chance of conquering. Firing after the exhibition of the flag of truce severe' times, and* npon the hospital, nurses, sick and wounded, and then stripping the bodies of those brave British soldiers who were killed in the battle, ano masquerading in the dead moo's clothes, all tbeBe acts of cowardice and villiany prove them to be a race of people who should be speedily exterminated, and there is not the least doubt but that within a very short time they will be complete y vanquished. To call the brave and noblr young volunteers who have gone to the Transvaal " misguided," shows a want o< loyalty to the British Crown, which " Th- Meteor " bad better speedily remove if it wishes to gain the respect of the com munity. Only in last Monday's 'Titer reports were published of remarks mad« by three gentlemen just returned from Oi- Transvaal, and who personally knew tbe Boers The remarks ere worthy o' repetition, one Baid " that the feeling of race hatred by tbe Boers towards thr Britisb during the time he was there was *o bitter that they would do their utmost to sweep the Britons out of South Africa.' Messrs Hick ford and Gibbons said they were " Both eager for news as to tbe progress of tbe war and concerning tbe wel fare of British, against whom Mr Qickford tated the Boers bad shown 0 hostile spirit for a long time. Possibly a great deal of bloodshed might have been spared if the riginals of the portraits of the " editor " nd " sub editor " of " The Meteor " bad been sent to South Africa, as, judging rom the copies s- nt to us. we should magine that they are hideous enough to righten even a whole army of Boers. However, we hope that as tbe yonrnt Sandhill SavageB " grow older they will erome more t-ivilised in their ideas and heir paper imptove io tbe earne ratio. e wijsh tbe paper good lock. 1 KALGOOHLIE ALLDVIALIST TBODBLE.— Contrary to expectations of a peaceable settlement of thie difficulty the police have arrested 14 men on charges of stealing ore belonging to Hannan'e Proprietary and Brookman's Boulder Companies. Bail was refused. The diggers were escorted by large crowds of sympathisers from the Boulder to Kalgoorlie and an exciting mass meeting was held in the evening. The police and Government were fiercely condemned. THE ADELAIDE PROPERTY DISTRIBUTION —From our intercolonial exchangee we ootice that Mr A. S. Gordon, Manager Adelaide Property Distributation, Perth, W.A., is not allowing any grass to grow under his feet in the effort to bring hiB xohtme prominently under public notice. His advertisements have appeared in no fewar than 327 newspapers. The IiBt will definitely close on December 6, and letters 'eaving Adelaide per mail on November 30 will be in time to participate. RATEPAYERS ANNUAL MEETING.—We wish to draw the attention of our fellowcitizens to the fact that at the close of the uBual meeting of the Town Council next Mooday night, His Worship tbe Mayor will be very pleased to see as many of the ratepayers in tbe Council Chamber to hear his annual report. As His Worship consented to stand again for tbe office of Mayor at the sincere wish of town, it will be a graceful compliment and acknowledgement of his kind ness by having » full attendance to greet him on rising. The meeting begins at 8, A BROAD HINT TO SOMEBODY.—" Quiz's Barber " told Quiz last week the following e anecdote, which should act as a lesson to any one who tries to be- little the fiag under which he earns his living. " I can tell you what happened to a man the other week. He was in an hotel decrying the British and praising the Boers, and two utout Britishers told him to desist, but he wouldn't. Then one of them put him on his back, and the two Britishers sang 'Sons of the Sea' till the Boer barracker at least acknowledged their superiority at any rate." UNFAIRNESS OF PRIVATE SMELTING COMPANIES.—In proof of how completely the public are at the mercy of private smelting companies, we may mention that from enquiries especially made, we find that they will not treat ore for customers, but purchase it right out at a fixed price upon assay. But this does not give the owner of the ore any chance to ascertain what minerals are contained in the ore treated. All he is told is that tbe ore upon assay produced so much of the metal for which be sold it, say gold. Bat whether there was tin, silver or any other metal in it the company keep to themselves, and knowing the Iooality from which the sample was obtained can, and perhaps do, easily peg out claims for themselves for any other mineral, before the vendors of the ore have any opportunity of finding out their discovery. "GREATER THAN SOLOMON."—"Timoleon" in tbe Kapnnda Herald of last week says :—" When at Port Augusta the other day the Premier attended morning service at the Anglican Church in company with the Commissioner of Public Works. The preacher took as his text the words :— ' Behold, a greater than Solomon is here," and Mr Kingston smiled assent, and has been thinking ever since what a splendid fellow that particular parson is to have such a fine text and sermon up his sleeve. A now much-respected clergyman in his yonthful days was conducting three services in tbe one day—also at Port Augusta. After luncheon at a friend's house, he went for a stroll with a charm ing young lady and was late for the afternoon meeting. When he arrived the congregation had been waiting patiently for some time. He also selected an appropriate text—' Her ways are ways of pleasantness and all her paths are peace,' and for the life of him, he could not understand why the people laughed. He did not see th? joke, and he wasn't a Scotchman either!" CALDER'S BISCUITS —Now that the hot weather is CIOBB at band during which we often feel that something crisp, dry, sweet, and of a dainty nature would be just what we would enjoy in preference to a heavy hot meal in the middle of the day, it is above all things most enjoyable to eit down and eat a really good biscuit, one that we feel sure contains all the needed ingredients of nutrition, lightness and digestibility. When the possession of this article of food can be obtained very cheaply, it is a mistake to be withont some of them. Even the youngsters can enjoy them, and the baby munch away at one with great satisfaction and benefit There are many brands placed upon the market. Most of them good. But we would recommend ladies to try those manufactured by Messrs Calder of Adelaide, who being an old established firm, knowing the climatic effects npon their customers, and possessing the necessary plant to produce a really sound wholesome and nutritious article at a very moderate cost, will be able to give satisfaction to all who patronize them. With a glass of cool beer or pale sherry or a cup of tea and a couple of Calders biscuits, any one can make a very refreshing and health-giving luncheon. They are also useful at afternoon.teas and particularly adapted to invalids. TECHNICAL AID OW MINERALOGY FOR COUNTRY INSTITUTES. — At the last monthly ^ meeting of the Public Library in A-lelaide on Friday last the repojrt of the joint committa of the Public Library Board and the Council of the School of Jlines stated that: "It had been resolved —1. That mineral collections be sent to tbe fifty four Institutes on Professor Tate's list. 2. That it be a recommendation to the Public Library Board that that they should advise the fustitutes to <i ld to their libraries Krause's " Treatise on Mineralogy." 3. That three copies of Mr Goyder's "Prospector's Manual" be sent out with each case of miuerals. The Committee had waited on the Treasurer iDJ the Minister of Mines, and explained what they desired to eee done and assist n doing. Both Ministers had expressed themselves much interested in the matter, .nd the Minister of Mines aceepted tbe proffered services of the deputation, luthorising them, in association with bis iepartment, to give effect to the scheme ; the expenses, which were not expected to be heavy, to be paid out of the vote or encouragement of mining. The report vas approved, with an intimation from General Director that a special meeting >t tbe joint committee had be«n called for Wedneuday next to consider the result of ne deputations." Tbe arrangements forinsariae tb« South Australian Contingent that has gone to i' Transvaa 1 has been completed. A special rffort is to be made by Messrs Williamson's representatives in Adelaide o produce a performance at the Theatre Royal in aid of Lady ChurcbiU'B Hospital <*riip. The K«'B' r will visit tbe Qupen at ^Vindeor on the 20tb, and remain a week it the Castle. Great importance from a iiplomatic point of view is attached to the visit. The reports of tbe Inspectors of «-torie8 ebo-*e a lamentable Btate of >fftire in regard to the sweating evil, but far as the law will allow them the ffi era are enthusiaetieally carrying out fir duties. Further legislation is «adly 0 eded in tbe direction pointed out by them. | 