NORFOLK ISLAND NEWS. SUICIDE OF A RESIDENT. (From Our Own Correspondent.) NORFOLK ISLAND, March 13—The monotony of island life has been much broken of late by se- veral very painful circumstances, and seldom, in so small a place, have events caused more sor- row than has lately been felt upon the island, because, probably, of the intimate relationship ex- isting amongst most of the people. On Febru- ary 15 several young children were picking lemons in a valley near the centre of the island, when one of them, jumping from a tree, bumped, to use his own expression, against something with a strong smell. He ran off, calling out that he had seen a ghost. Several others then ran to within a respectable distance of the object, and took it for a dead cow, but not being satisfied, they call ed to a young man who was working near, and he, upon going near it, found it to be the dead and much decomposed body of a woman, hanging by a rope, but not suspended from a tree. It was the wife of a Mr. Webb Adams. She bad been dead for several days, during which time her husband believed her to be upon a visit to some relations at another part of the island. It was a weird and ghastly sight, as in the early hours just before dawn her body was drawn in a large coffin out of the valley upon a sledge by horses, and by the light of flickering lanterns was taken to the grave- yard, accompanied by friends and relatives. At an inquiry held before the deputy chief magis- trate, Dr. Metcalfe, a verdict was unanimously returned of suicide during temporary insanity, a verdict that accorded with many of the deceased's actions. Mr. Webb Adams was away at the time working on Colonel Spalding's coffee plantation, and the sad news, when it reached him, was a great shock to him, as well as to everyone else. For many nights after the discovery of the body, scarcely anyone of the islanders ventured out after dark, so strongly is the fear of ghosts im- planted in them — a fear, probably, of Tahitian origin. Shortly after this a little girl, the youngest child of Mr. and Mrs. F. Young, jun., was badly burnt. Her clothes caught fire from a burning stick she was playing with. She is still in a very dangerous state. During this period measles was raging in every direction, and from an attack of congestion of the lungs, a sequel to this disease, a Miss Pearlie Christian, an apparently strong and healthy girl of 18, and a pretty girl, too, died after but three days' illness; and now, only last week, another young girl of 17, one of the prettiest in the is- land, and a young lady of a very sweet disposition, fell from a horse (and the horse, too, was standing still), and sustained a severe compound fracture of her right arm. In spite of every care morti- fication set in rapidly, and spread to above the elbow, and yesterday Dr. Metcalfe amputated the arm. To- day the young lady (Miss Sissy Quin- tal) is progressing favorably. Besides these accidents there has been much sickness amongst individuals, with a marked in crease in the number of cases of consumption. Du- ring the epidemic of measles at the Melanesian Mission, 110 boys — all Melanesians — were down at once. Every one recovered. One boy subsequent- ly suffered from an attack of train fever, but he, too, after six weeks of unconscious raving, has quite got back his health and faculties. This surely is a proof that with care measles need not be more fatal to natives than to white people. During the visit of the S. S. Victoria last Febru- ary no one from the island was allowed on board, nor were passengers not staying ashore allowed to land, in order, if possible, to prevent intro- ducing the disease into the islands. Politically things have been very quiet, and everyone is anticipating with interest, not to say anxiety, the advent of our new chief magistrate. The Government have not as yet given us the least hint of who that gentleman is likely to be. We trust he may soon arrive, and that his tenure of office may prove pleasant to him, and benefi- cial to the island. The deputy chief magistrate is perhaps the most anxious to see him, and hand affairs of administration into his hands as he finds it too much to attend to political and medi- cal work at the same time, especially during a time of so much sickness, and nothing would induce him to give up his medical work for ad- ministrative affairs.. The members of the Church of England have been very busy getting ready a parsonage for the new chaplain they soon hope to welcome. They have thoroughly repaired one of the old Government buildings, and spent much time and care upon it. From the mission we get the news that owing to ill-health the Rev. C. W. and Mrs. Browning and their children are taking a voyage to England. We all hope the change may do Mr. Browning much good. He will be much missed from our midst. On February 13 a quiet wedding took place at the Mission Chapel. The Rev. C. W. O'Ferral was married by Archibald Palmer to Miss A. Firmstone, a sister of Mrs. Browning. We are expecting the Bishop and his bride in the Victo- ria next April. The epidemic of measles is virtually over. The season has. been a splendid one for crops, as rain has been plentiful, and coffee planting is becom- ing quite the rage. 