(PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL < < ABBANGEMENT.) BEAUTIFUL ROHILLA. By : ., HAROLD CHILD., , author of " Driven by. Fate," &c.; (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XX. Up the River.. One and all filed out to look at the bogey that had frightened them, Mr. and Mrs. Twaddeil leading the way "Does he mean murderer V" said Mrs. Twaddeil to her husband. " Not he," solid "William. 16 held meant caught fault a. bit of swagger, she'd have kept out of sight, he's safe enough Ubw !". ' . "Well, I wouldn't like to trust him, for "35 he's shown 'his cards in the way he has" said Mrs. Twaddell. Oliver King was left in the room alone. It was some Wine before he stood upright, and took his hands from fire face. The sudden shock of the light upon his eyes and many seemed to have robbed him. of his senses. He groped his way towards the door with a hand held up as if to shield his face from Sarno threatened blow. But when he reached the door He turned back and began searching for something on the floor. He men caught sight of what he wanted; and, stooping, he picked up the weapon with which he had threatened Aitken. The voices of the men outside fell on his ear, and he hastily slipped the club into the pocket of' his coat. ? Turning again to the door, he was surprised to see Rohilla standing I'lieie, and wsitcih'lng him eagerly. Tie called to her, and sprang forward, but she slipped away, and disappeared in the darkness. And 'he, falling again into something of his old terror, made haste to go out on the green, and hang about the outskirts of the crowd. Where all were too intent on the new light to hold him. The night, was plMi-dark, and, though the rain had ceased, the wind blew keen, and shrill. In the centre of the group, where the lights from the door of " The Anchor" fell full on their backs, stood the landlord and his wife and Aitken." The gaze of all was fixed upon the great eye that seemed to work on them from heaven. It opened with an awful suddenness, and closed as quickly ; a moment's darkness, and for fifteen seconds the glare, was steady. Then a second blackness .Mvaillawed the whole scene, as he replaced suddenly (by new light. "'My A 'tis a fearful filing '." (said Mrs'. Twaddeil with a shudder. , Oliver Magu'b, standing on the fringe of the crowd, where the light from the Inn didn't fall, heard a quick step behind him. He looked round suddenly, and libere again was Rohilla. He had not heard her come ; she hardly saw her go. All he knew was that just for a ' moment she had been by his side. Again he tried to follow her, but she slipped away through the crowd, making was If to joan Hubert and 'Mrs. Twaddeil, and he judged it best to hang back. "'The eye of God 'he called it, said Mrs. Twaddeil ; and. indeed, 'its very like. It do wink and wink, but never shut. God help all poor souls with black thoughts in them this night, for. 'tis a fearsome thing, that same eye *!' . A hand was slipped into Airmen's ama, a hill that troubled till" he could feel the 101017 through his coat sleeve and cooling down in surprise he saw RoMa at his side. "Guild's' he cried. What on earth tonings you out here so late I I thought you were in bed long ago." I could not sleep for the noise," she answered. " 1 week restless, so I came downstairs again." Her back was to the light, and she had turned Bier fat of away, so that he could not see her eyes. But something to her voice struck him. It had lost the note of painless sadness that had marked it ever since her Hines. Robert fancied that she heard in it some of the old ring- ing brilliance, The quick modulations that Iliad shown the too sudden change' of her mood.'.. " Let me see your face !"' he said, struck with a Hidden apprehension. But she pulled close ('lie shawl which suits li id wrapped round her head, and said, laughing, " " No. I need my beauty sleep, and have not had it." His suspicions grew stronger. Some change had come over her mind. It JTMJgrli't. even be that the work of recollec- tion 'I'm d begun. But there seemed no trace of the old (error, no shadow of the old sinister fatalem, hanging over her. There was laughter in her voice, and the hand that had trembled when first we felt it on his arm now rested there with a steady pressure. You're not do he asked. "No. only restless. I feel strangely well and strong to-night. And I want no tt'iMi Ulai light." " JiJven as she. spoke, her hand began to Iivw'IjI« again, and soon her whole body wended its shudder. But Wie lit pai> used as suddenly as it had begun. ÂVliaiJevei* The emotion that had caused it, she was Mum(.-*ieii)tly sweetness of herself Heathrow it off. or to pretend to have done so. " It is wonderful !" she went on. " It fascinates me. But it is not red everywhere, w ii V" " No. The man explained in all to me," said Rdbrat. talking more for the purpose of collecting 'his simulate than of an referring R</l<llla. It is white down here beyond Dunhill. He told me that a mile or so up till' river we could see the white beam Hunt goes out over the headland to the sea at the other side." " Could we go V" she cried. " Oh, let us go !" " To V" E Y eis. let us go. I went to see the willie light. I want to be sure that that reid eye is not looking over all the world to " Birt not now, so late at night, in such a wind !" " Yes, I want to go now." " But I Its impossible. On a night like this we could not see a yard before us." Already the rising wind shrieked about them. Still they were obliged to raise their voices to be heard at all. "1 until! go said Rohilla. Listen I want To talk to you to tell you some fMttg. No what be -alone indoors any more, to-night, and we might be over mmed Jerry A walk . s our only chance." " What do you want to say ?" " something Chair must be said before To-morrow. Oh). do come ! It's quite early yet. only juiaft pa-a 10. and the receipt' doesn't lose before 11." Tlvsr "wore alone, as they I bought, for the fishermen had returned with Mr. and Mrs. Twaddell to the parlour of the Inn RdliiUa looked round, and added-: "Miss. ^Vaddell won't mind. She will only think we are still out here watch- ing the Jigbtf-. And this is the last favour I shall ever nisk you'berore- before-'? " Before we are married !" He felt that he could not refuse under any request J 'Out was naked on such terms, and in a Weak mothers, knowing full well that it was against his better judgment, he consented. ..... "Very well,"'he'said, and was rewarded by a grateful pressure on the arm. " But are you wrapped up warm enough V" Y - She was holding the shawl together across her breast with one hand. As Robert bent over her to see if she were properly protected from the cold wind she turned sharply away, and with her disengaged hand pulled the folds tighter round her. face. " Yes," she said. " I am quite warm enough. We . cannot walk arm-in-arm very well. We might pull each other down." < "Which way. do you' want to go, then ?" - " Up the river bank."' " Up the river ! It is high tide, and we shall cërfiaihly'slip in." "Chaney. we shall be safe enough. Up the river. K " Up the river !"? The woi'dsvwere.eclhoeü-froni behind In a harsh, mocking voice, and were followed by a ghastly laugh. ' Robert turned suddenly, and found himself looking into the white face of Oliver Mngub. " Why dU you laugh ?" he asked. " Laugh V" said Oliver. " What have I to laugh about Go your ways, man, up the river!" He laughed again, and the laugh was that of a mocking devil. Robert turned from him, full of anger, yet smitten suddenly with no- unaccountable apprehension. Oliver had almost seemed to threaten him' Would there be more fighting to be done that night? He was sick of the sordidness of his relations with the man yet as he drew himself up and felt, his muscles he laughed his anxiety away. By that time to-morrow he would be far away, safe with his beloved from all trouble, and for to-night he felt strong enough to meet whatever came. " Come, my Lady Obstinate," said he. " Let us start on this dangerous expedi- tion." Again Oliver' laughed, but his laugh died suddenly in the grip of an oath. He watched the two figures out of sight into the darkness, and then turned his face to wards, the sea.. Some little way out he saw the riding lights of a ship, dipping and rising on the ever-increasing swell. "Tom's mother," he muttered. "He ought to be ashore by now." He walked a few yards across the green to the river bank and looked carefully at the water. " early 'age," he muttered. " It'll last another hour or so, no more. I wish Toni were come !" Then again he turned his face up the river, as if to watch the figures of' Aitken and Roliilln, now swallowed by the darkness. His fingers were twitching, and his limbs trembling with suppressed impatience. He was never will, looking now at the riding lights of the ship in the offing, now in the river, now at the open door of the inn and all the while he muttered to himself, adding cause to curse, some on Aitken, some on Rohilla, some on Tom Debney, whose arrival he was awaiting. His restless hands moved up and down, and only stopped suddenly when they came into contact with his coat pockets. He plunged them 'in and felt to the bottom, he searched the other pockets, his belt, his woollen gaiters. But in vain. What- ever be was looking for was not there, and he cursed again in perplexity. He stopped and began crawling over the grass, groping with his hands. Once he found himself kneeling in the beam of light that came from the open door of " 'Olie Anchor." and shrank back hastily into the darkness. Every now and then the great red eye of the light- house startled him into a louder oath, It flushed so suddenly, and he could not step accustomed to it. But still he went on groping, and the stream of oaths never ceased to flow. The soft sound of oars in the river sent him hurrying to the bank. It was Tom at last ! The boat shot swiftly upon the incoming tide, and Tom Deb- ney leaped ashore. He made the boat fast to a stake in the bank, and greeted Oliver with a clap on the back, and a hearty shout of, " Well, Oh., my boy, 'ere we are !" " Sh !" paid Oliver, with a frightened look toward the door of the inn. " You're late, Tom." '-C " Yes! one thing and another to do on board the ship. Couldn't get ashore before. Well, are you ready I" " Ready ! I've been waiting for you. When I got here I went inside I couldn't keep out-and tried to kill the devil there and then." " You 'idiot ^ Then they'll 'have guessed you're up to some trick or other." "Not they. They think I 'ad it all out in there i- 'Ow long will the late last I "Hour, or hour and a half is can now in the river. Where's the girl V" " Gone for a walk" sneered Oliver. " Wanted to see the new light, and as gone up the river bank with 'a man !" Tom Debney whistled. " Good luck for us !" be said. " it'll be easy enough now. There's lots of time. ( I'm going in for a drink." " You fool ! You mustn't show yourself." " Why not V You did ! But look 'here, my boy, I've got to be well paid for this job, as I told you the other day. I'm an honest trailer, and this sort of work is not in my line. So we'll settle up before, we start, if you please." " If repay you now. low am I to know you'll help me I" asked silver, full of all a criminal's suspicion. " My word my bond, and you know it. And it you don't pay me, I don't 'help you. So there ! I must have the money before I budge an inch." " Well, there it is !" said Oliver, hand- ing him a bank-note, which he took from the inner pocket. tOora. and thank ye !" said Tom. " Where did you get it V" " What's that to you V" said Oliver, with an oath. " All right, it don't make no difference to me. And now I'm off to drink the death of you and your blooming bit." 1 " For God's sake, Tom, don go' showing that note in The Anchor. They'll know which way you're, bound, and guess you've more cargo than cash on board just now. And go steady with the drink, Tom. We'll want all our wits about us to-night." " All light, Bonny !" cried. Tom "I don't want none of your advice. And if it comes to prudence, which of us two ought to be the lecturer ?" He turned away and walked briskly towards the inn. Oliver watched him for a moment, and then ran after him. Tom," he said in a vesper, "'have you got a knife to lend me ? 1 might want one, and that devil took mine from me other night. I put a kind of club in my pocket du case it might be useful, but it's gone somehow." " A knife !" whispered Tom. " What about prudence now ? Why, you fool, do you want to do murder as well ? Go steady, sonny ! We can easily smash is face and tie him up with a bit o' rope. That'll keep 'him quiet till, we're out of the way." " Well, don't be long, Tom." " No. April join you in ten minutes. Then we shall catch 'em coming back." He went into the inn, and Oliver waited in the darkness, in a moment he repented of not having kept Tom at his side, for he heard the shout of welcome that went upon his appearance at the door, and dreaded lest conviviality among old friends should prove too much for him and spoil the nights work. He waited while the weary minutes dragged on and on, and still the laughter area clink of' glasses showed no signs of abating. Tom was standing trent-not a doubt of it ! He would display that bank-note, and cause suspicion. He might get drunk and Oliver's plan could not be carried out Without. Tom's assistance. For the man dared not start alone. He was no match for Aitken unarmed. True, suits brain was reeling with hideous visions of what he would do, if once his enemy were in his power ; visions of ghastly brutal violence on his enemy's prostrate body. But he knew well enough that to see that body prostrate and in his power was but the lesser part of what he wanted and that the rest of the plan must fail, unless Tom were at hand to help him. Ah ! He almost screamed as the great red eye opened again in the heavens and winked at him. It read his thoughts, he was certain of it and was mocking at his helplessness. He could not stand there doing nothing. Happen what might, he must be on the track of his intended victim and reckless of consequences he started. It was pitch dark, and he could go but slowly. The bank was slippery and every step brought him into danger of falling into the rushing water. But he pushed on as last as might be. Suddenly he stopped with his heart in his mouth. That sound ahead ! Surely It. was a scream the scream of a woman ! And now the fury in his blood drove him along like a ghost haunted man. He ran, slipping, stumbling, and falling ; but still he ran. Fear and horror closed in upon him from all sides. The sweat poured down his face, his knees knocked together, and his eyes stared wildly into the blackness. For a nameless fear was a stir hills, running, as it were, by his side, through the night, driving him faster and faster forward. And when his foot caught, and he fell full length on the bank, a wild scream of terror broke from his lips, as he realised that beneath him lay a human body. (To be continued.) 