THE M1WUZT. (TRA^.-SI.ATED *"ROM THE l-ItEXCtl OF GUI DK MAUf'ASSANX.) " I can support great misfortunes with eqainiiaity," aaid Leon Bridelle, an old bachelor, reputed sceptical. " Yv'hen a soldier on the battle-lield 1 stepped over corpses without emotion. The cruelties of nature or of men inspire horror and indignation, but they do not give that contraction of ihe heart—that shudder which ive f< el at the si<?ht of certain small but touching incidents. What anguish equals that of a mother when her child ia taken :;o:ii her—that ef a man when death bereaves him of hia mother? Their torment is violent ; it rends u:id overwhelms, but thev recover i'roui those catastrophes as from deep, bleeding wounds. Whereas certain meetings, certain. things, :,alf-scea but understood, certain tjeret sorrows and misfortunes s«iti;eu ia us a world of painful | ! thoughts, which abruptly push ajar I lite mysterious door of moral suffering—strfTering which is complicated, incurable, deeper because of its seeming- mildness, more painful liccaute of its impalpability, tenacious in ltd unreality, leaving in the !-oul a shade of eadnesa, a drop of bitterness, a sensation of disenchantment, which we are long iu casting off. Memory constantly recalls to me ^ two or three things which othera assuredly would not have remarked, but which penetrated uie lik^J sharp, incurable ttines. You will not, lycrhap?, understand that I yet remember and puffer from impressions >o quickly conveyed. I will epeak to you of but one ; it is of long ago, but as vivid as if of yesterday. 1 am no ft* 50 years old ; then 1 was young and studying to be a lawyer. Somewhat sad and dreamy • : of temperament, imbued with a tncia::choly philosophv, 1 had no . taste for noisy bar-rooms, brawling ; companions or coarse women. I was an early riser, and one of my grentcct pleasures was to walk alone, about 8 o'clock in the morning, in lite norseiy garden of ^iie Lusern- ' bourg. Oh, that garden 1 It seemed to have been forgotten by a previous century, and was as lovely as the •soft sinile o£ an aged woman. Thick hedges, unceasingly trimmed to prim , precision by the gardener's shears, : separated its narrow, regular paths, and here and there were parterres of j briirlst. blooming tlowers, boarders of I shrubs as eiactlv ranged as a band | of e»l!egiaus oul'for a walk, lines of j tt.auuiiicent rose3 or regiments of fruit trees. A whole corner of this j delightful grove was inhabited by J hue?.' Their straw houses, skilfully:! arranged .on planks, opened to tho sftn doors as laroe as a thimbie, andail along the paths ono met their bu/zing, golden tenants, sole owners <j£ taut peaceful spot and its long«. tranquil walks. J I wont there almost every morn^. ititr aiid- mil opJu inv iuieea to uream, to listen to the £0uiida around me, and enjoy th6 iniinite repote of that garden o£ a by-gone day. Wry soon I perceived that I was not its ouly early frequenter, for I often met, face to face, a stiange, little old man. lie wore shoes with, silver buckles, a long snuff-brown coat, a iace frill instead of a cravat, and a remarkable gray hat, wide- brimined and furry, that made, cue think of the deluge. l lie was thin, very thin, angular, u smiling of a-pect, but with swift Fwiwt facial contortions. His keen eyes were constantly agitated by a convulsive movement of the eyelids, and he always carried a snperb goldheaded caue. cf p The old fellow astonished me at first, then I began to grow greatly 'interested in him. I looked for his a coming, anil followed him from afar, i stopping at the turnings lest lie o should perceive me. One morning, believing himself alone, he began a series of singular movements. First, a few light bounds, then a low bow. Next, he cut with his frail legs quite a j sprio-htlv caper, and then he began i to rurn*'briskly round aud round, j skipping 1 , frisking, in such a droll way, and smiling as if to an audience. Then he curved his "arms, ! assuming graceful postures, twisting , . 1 ^ U J 3 j his slight puppet s body, and salut- . incr space with innumerable gestures ! atTince affecting and ridiculous. He was dancing. I stood looking at him, so surprised at his curious actions, that I began to doubt the mau's sanity. But suddenly, he stopped; advanced as actors do upon the stage, bowed ind retreated with smiles aud comc-dv kisses, that he threw, with nis trembling hand, to two rows x trees before him, then with the utmost gravity, he continued his promenade. From that day I observed him attentively, and each day he recommenced his Strang® performance. 1 experienced a great desire to rpeak to him, and, after having bowed, I risked saying : " We are having an exceptionally fine day." He returned my salutation. " Yea, sir; tbe weather is quite what we used to have.*' A week later we were frieuds, and I -knew his history. He had been daucing master at the Opera, in the time cf Louis XV.; his beautiful cane was a present from the Counu do Clermont j and when we spoke of dancing* he grew enthusiastic to such an extent that he talked without ceasing. i ! One day he confided to me. "I , 1 married La Castris, sir. I wiil pre- »i.nt you to her, if you wish, but she only conies here later in the day. This garden, you see, is our pleasure and our life. * It ia ftll that is left us of tho past. It seems to as that we could not live if we had it no longer; It is ao old, so unique in its beauty. Is it not? The air that. I breathe hero seems as invigorating as it .was when I was young. My wife aud I pass nil our afternoona »n tliis spot, hut 1 corae in the early morning also it Ss go lovely then." separated, butthtfaame after- dilulation .and love from king aim ' princes*, who had been-courtcd and • worshipped by all in that gallant { century which seems to have left in the world an odour of love. We sat down on a bench of stone. ! It was the month of May. Flowers • perfumed the air, and the bright sun ! . ., . " . , ,, - shone through the leaves, bathing us in warmth and light. _ There was no one near in the garden. From afar came the sound i of passing vehicles. I "Tell me, will you not," said I i to the old man, "what was the • 0„ ' j , , .. He started from his eeat. 1 • minuet, sir, it was the queen of j dauces, and the dance of queens ; i but it no longer exists. Onr kings ^ are gone ; the minuet has gone with them" ! m," - j . .,» i Then tie commenced, m polfipous ; style, a long, dithyrambtc eulogy, of j which I undertitood nothing. I j wished him to describe th6 steps, all,! the movementi: and attitujfles of" th«f j dance. He. tried, but became coif- fused iu hie description, lixasjte- rated at his inability to' mabe-'his rueaning . clear, , suddenly i_._„i„ he u. turtied i towards his aged com pan ion, silting silent and grave on the bench. " Elise, if you wish, it would be very good of you, we will show^ihis gentleman what it vras. Will you r" She glanced anxiously around, j then rose, aud without a word placed herself opposite iiim. Then I saw a sight I- shall never | They advanced atyd receded with j childish affectation^ smiling at oue ! another, balancing,- bo wins, tripping along like two jbld dolls set in motion by rusty 'machinery, sunie- ! what out of order^ but constructed . of yoro bv a slrilltul workman, i And I watcheii them, my heart j strangely moved, all my being overwhelmed -with ljiofound melancholy. I seemed t6 an ;appaiition— mournful, yet ludicrous—the oldfashioned ghost of a dead ' centurv. 1 wauled to ^autfh, yet was ready to crv, All at once they stopped. They . . . . , ' Y * r n .. had finished, all tue fagures ot tuc dance. For several seconds they ; remaiived- standing, face to face, j smiling lu the most extraordinary t way ; ti^6n they kissed each other, \ and I heard ii-dnu. a smothered ^"V..„„ sob. ThrS'davrlaTer l"ie£t7lT« capital | , . i . -r ! for a orovmcial tour. 1 neTer saw 1 then* atrain. When I returned to t«'0 year after, tho auiaeiy garden of the Luxembourg bad been d^troyed. What became of theui without that cherished spot of other i ts binding paths, its Close-clipped hedges, aud its odour l he past? Do they wander around our modern streets like hopeless exiles? Or are they dead, and dancing, perohance, a i fantastical minuet —two comical lc hoate —among the cypress trees of ' 60a ie cemetery, flitting up and down tomb-bordered paths in the rnoou- ! liflrht Their souvenir haunts me, besets j and tortures me ; it is a wound which ~ „ 7 — 1 — surd. j it!4 I j | j | ! j j ! ' i j i ! j For painting walls or other objects ex- | postd to dampneos. a mixture has come into esiecsive use in Gcrir.ar.y formed of very | fine iron iiiings and linseed oil varnish. | When the material to be painted is f ubiect ! to freonent change ot tempjr.iture. " oil and amber varnish are adiied to the first two coats. The paint may be ar.piLd to wood, stone or iron, and. iu tho case •. £ the i latter, it is not necessary ic> fro a it i'roui rust 1 or oilv matters. I j It is stated that c.-.st-iiou paiieys can be ' H agged or tagged with • k-ather, without the j se ot rivt-ii, in the following manner: ; F irst, the face <jf the puiiey is brashed over ith acotic acid, which ia a sh ;i t time rusts ! t and gives it a very rough surface : afterard the Icathc-r is attached to the face of ! i he pulley with a c.aieiit composed of on i ouiid of fish glue and one-half pound of ; ommon glue, the result being entirely satis- j actory. ! An artificial stone of e^llenl quality j nd adapted to various conctructivc purposes ) s now made by mixing certain proportions | f Portland cement, powdered granite, blast furnace siag, and water containing si lieate of soda. The composition may be colored to suit the taste. A New Zealand conifer, resembling the i yew tree, has been discovered by experiment to he remarkably lieh in tannin, the percentexported. age as compared with 21.IS for sumac ;md s.s", f._.r oak, and considerable ! quantities of the bark have already been | Test Steel-—Pour on the o'uieet lobe tested a drop of nitric acid of 1.2 tp. gr., let it act for one minute then rinse with water. Ou iron this acid will cause a whitish-fray, QQ ^ a Wack alaiu> 