A CHOST IN A HOS P ITA L G ssx r difficulty hag recently been exexperienord io getting nurses to take nigbt duty iu the hospital attsebvd to GreenwicbCollege, owine to the nocturnal risifitio si o f a phantom nurse io the ardeandcorridors. Aboutadozennurses t eocceseioo hare tendered their resignations, after staying from two to six v etk s, until the sense of the place being haunted completely nnetrnog their nerves, rendering them unfit for the duty of lending ibo siok One of these norsee, who is now living at home, gave the following account to Lloyds representative nf b e r t x p e r i e n c e " I t was abont midnight and 1 was sitting in the centre f (be room, expecting every moment to have a cup of lea brought to me. A nurse, as it seemed to me, entered (he room a few cteps, aod then weot back agaio without speaking. I oould understand what it meant, and ran along th e passage after her. There was nobody to be seen, and 1 was so puzzled that I eoald hardly summon oourage to return lo my post No tea was brought to me that night, aod iu the morning everyone denied having come into tbe ward during tbe sight. Then I learned that several nurses bad left the institution ecarcd by the same apparition th at I had seen I t was impossible for me to takeduty another eight." The report speedily got abroad tbat (he college w et haunted, and looal spiritualists. of whom there are many in the royal suburb, turned tbeir attention to tbe eolutien of the mystery It was then found th at an old dwelling immediately behind the eollegewaa oaite a rendezvous of ghosts - unaccountable noises terrified the oooQpantB nightly, with sandrj ▼iolent accompaniments, such as ornam ents falling from the shelves, and a bookcase being dislodged from tbs wall. The spiritualist arranged lo bold a seance, and hired a medium from Kensington. An aotreis wbo was playing T rilby in^ a touring company, also oatne for an objeot lesson in hypnotism. There werefivs ladies asd four gsntlemso, including a clergyman, who solemnised the prooeedinga with prayer. Presently the medium beoame entranced, and the spirit which possessed him directed that all the eompany should descend io tbe basement. The sequel was very extraordinary t Everybody prom ptly fell into a trauoe, and an involuntary free fight eneued, ladies scratching each other’s ftcea and tearing out esoh other's hair. For several of the company that was tbeir last spiritualistic entertiiu m ent, and tbe clergyman declines to speak of the affray. W hat relation exists between these obstreperous spirits and the phantom nurie is, of oourse, not k n o w n ; though very lately other mediums have been requisitioned from Brighton and other places by the more persistent and courageous of tbe epiri m aiieti. Lloyd's representative was inform ed by oue of them—not tbe spirits, b u t tbe epirituaUsie—th at tbe oeoinm i ell concurred that there Was moaey under tbe floor of tbe house* So far, however, the boards have not been taken up to put th a t statement to the tost; 