OUTl OF' IEE eUINNING (H. E. M. in Sketcy Bils). I. ' Saul among the' prophets-Nevill Chancellor-among the shearers' The comparison occurred involun tarily to Faith Trcwarben as she lay with unusually wakeful eyes, watching the" southerni starlight between her curtains; and though she told herself the thought was irreverent it returned persistently, so wide a gulf seemed set between the man's nature and his occupation. It was no strange thing for those who knew the colony to recognise the guinea stamp of good breeding on the battered specimens of human coinage so plentiful in New South Wales; but the hall mark of gentility, though ineffaceable, was frequently only a deplorable addition to other lines scored iby weakness, dissipation, and self-indulgence, and Chancellor's face was singularly free frc m thesr. His fellow exiles had moments of confidence about that shadowy life at home between which and the present there lay usually some dark rubicon of disaster, moral or financial; but in Chancellor's case the past seemed to be h'dden from the eyes of memory, and the men who had known him longest could only reply to any question with the vague surmise, ' Oh, I suppose he likes the life, don't you know.' Trewarben himself had no more satisfactory information to give, though Chancellor had worked for him every August for years, and had known his station under many aspects-in early days, when the Cornishman was starting his colonial life full of hope and of pride in his new estate ; later, when he was weighed down by the loss of his wife and the parting from little Faith; in good seasons, when prices were high and plenty reigned; in-bad times, when drought was ringing men's hearts with the hopelessness of fghting the im placable powers of nature; and now, when Trewarben, having taken a second wife, had ventured to send to England for his only child. Faith had been a little resentful when the news of her father's re-marriage reached her, not suspecting that in reality it was only one of the many arrangements for her comfort which had been occupying his mind for years, but the comprehension of this came to her gradually as she found how purely ornamental a part she was called upon to play, while Trewarben's considerate tenderness was an unexpected feature of her new life. Indeed, none of it was quite like her anticipation, and to-night, as she lay awake listening to the restless, question ing bleats of the sheep ready penned by the sheds, she speculated over the fresh experience to begin on the morrow -the shearing, preparations for which had caused a stir through the home stead for'days before, while the extra work it would entail had brought an influx of strange ' hands,' Nevill Chan cellor among them ; and once more ber thoughts centred round the unsolved problem, Why should such a man be a shearer? It appeared, certainly, to be what an economist might call waste of material -to set him the rough, manual labour that a man of much coarser fibre might havedone, He seemed, however, - to - have no doubt as to his- on -fitness for the work. - In the chill grey light of the August dawn he dressed himself in the scanty garb suitable for a day in the sheds, and whistled softly wh'le he put away his few *primitive toilet accessories, . and folded the decent coat in which he haa appeared at Trew?arben's .dinner-table the previous night. The whistling was a quiet, contented sounding strain, not the shrill, defiant note that attempts to drown thought, and there was no .echo of disappoint ment or regret in the cherry voice that answered a fellow-shearer's inquiry as to how he felt with the Imphatic asser tion : ' Fit as anything !' . Life on Trewarben's station, although outwardly-the same as in former springs was in reality subtly affected in many ways by Faith's presence. Shearing time was, of course, always a period of hospitality; owners and managers from neighbouring stations came in to discuss the prospects of the season, men on their way to' jobs' farther up country looked in for a night's lodging, and among the shearer's employed on the run there were several it was pleasant to have to din ner or to spend Sunday afternoon. Trewarben now found his invitations responded to with wonderful alacrity, and among his guests the competition for Faith's favour soon grew keen, each man trying to outshine his fellows in some way, and a youth who made a speciality of card tricks was hated b) all his compeers for some lays when it became known that the girl had asked him to come in by himself sonme evening and show her '" how it was done.' There was one point, however, on which before long they were all obliged to agree-no one had any chance against that fellow Chancellor; and he, tacitly ignoring all competition, smiled to himself at finding how easy was the pronunciation of the old shibbole:hs of flirtation, a game at which long ago he had been an expert. At first he was animated only by the desire to excel in whatever he under took, a characteristic which had im prlled him to become the most expert shearer mn New South \Vales ; but gradually a suggestion, vague in its beginning, yet growing by degrees more definite, crept into his mind. Supposing he were to gamble in earnest for this stake-to try and win not only Faith's passing favour, but her heart and hand as well ? The personality of the girl herself made such an idea more than possible. Pretty, with a fresh, healthy fairness, she: was unconscious of the advantage her looks gave her, and her education, I in a quiet, English country town, while quickening her intelligence and refining I her instincts, had not included lessons in coquetry or wordly wisdom. To a veteran, " more than twice her years," as Chancellor was, her youth and her sweet simpleness constituted her great charmt, and tnere was also the I practical side of the matter to be con sidered. Faith was an only child, and her father, undoubtedly a rich man, I was so evidently devoted to her that it I was safe to conclude that he would not refuse her anything which she had resolved was for herhappiness. There was little wonder that such ease alter toil as would be his portion should he be accepted as Trerwarben's son-in law, presented itself in very attractive form to Chancellor sometimes. One evening, when his work was over, he walked across to the garden, by Faith's invitation, to see'holw well her English flowet seeds were coming up, and as he followed the line of fence surrounding the pleasure grounds he f thought-more, it must be owned, of the h1 alf-shy, half gratified smile with which he expected his young hostess to greet him than of the little green patches of emnbryo plants he would be called upon to admire. When he came to the gate, under the shadow of the great acacia tree, he paused. for a moment, laying his hand in the latch, .and looked down the fower-edged pathway, wondering if the girl had remembered her appointment. An instant later, the glint of her white dress, as the afternoon sunlight slanted through the great' ferns, showed him that she awaited him, but the sound of f her low laugh floating towards-him, as he hesitated, convinced him that she t was not alone, and he felt unreasonably anno)ed at the prospect of their inter view being anything but confidential. ' Has that little Scotch stepmother of hers suddenly awakened to the fact that a chiperon may be necessary ?' he wondered. But such; apparently, was not the case, for Faith's companion, as- she moved into fuller view, proved to be, not her stepmother, but a man. It needed only one glance to learn that he was young-three or four and twenty at most--a second's further scrutiny acknowledged him to be a gentleman, and he walked close to his companion with a peculiarly protective turn of his head towards her, which to Chancellor's keen eye expressed much. SCome in, Mr Chancellor,' called Faith's clear voice, so refreshing to his fastidious ear in it lack. of colonial drawl. 'I was expecting you. I don't think you have met Mr Ferguson,' she contitiued, turning to the youth at her side. ' Mr Ferguson-Mr Chancellor. He is as new a chum as I am, you know. We came out on the same ship.' Chancellor looked at Ferguson as he bowed. ' Oxford,' was his silent con, ment. 'That manner was learnt no where else.' Then the eyes of the two men met, and for a moment the elder stood breathless pnd confused, unconscious that his glance had suddenly- turned to a stare of blankest surprise. With an effort, however, he maintained his self command, and presently he deliberately sought another look from Ferguson: by addressing him directly. 'Have you a billet in the neighbour hood ?' he asked. 'Yes, I have,' Ferguson answered frankly. 'I came out with an intro duction to Maclean, and he has set me to mend fences and make up drinking places-beastly dull it is too.' ' 4nd damper-making needs practice,' said Chancellor. ' I should have thought Maclean wanted all hands at the homestead just now, but perhaps he thinks shearing-time too lively.' Faith lookediap and.nodded. 'Yes,' she said saucily; 'and boys must be kept out of mischief.' To this disrespectful assertion Fer guson gave no denial, except a question ing lift of his eyebrows, and a smile that brought a sudden wave of colour over Faith's face. " - 'It is humbug-infernal humbug,' said Chancellor to himself, as' he ,watched them. 'It is just the name which makes me iinagine the likeness. But those eyes--' Ferguson's eyes were remarkable, it is true-a bright,.clear hazel, with long, black lashes, making them look darker than they were, and he had a trick of lifting them suddenly, and showing the smile lurking in their shadows that was uncomfortably familiar to Chancellor, and making some excuse to Faith for his depattire, he fled from the memory evoked. He was back in his own quarters before his brain was quite under control and sitting down on the bench outside the shearer's sleeping-hut, he gazed on the-well-known scene before him with stupid, unseeing eyes. At a little distance, Mervyn, the shearers' cook, was singing the refrain of a music-hall song while he superintended the supper • -arrangements; rather nearer one man was acting hair-dresser to another, and beguiling the time with the conventional suggestions. ' Hair a trifle thin on the top, sir; really, at your age and with your appearance you should take steps to remedy this. Allow me to recommend you our unrivalled Sheep-dip.' This proposal and the victim's vigorous rejoinder drew a laugh from everyone except Chancellor within hearing, and two men close at hand, who were seated on upturned buckets, using a packing-case for a card table, looked up at his grave face in surprise. ' What's up, Chancellor ?' asked one, and then as if suddenly observing his comrade's well-groomed appearance he added,' Are you dining with the boss this evening ?' Chancellor's perplexed thoughts sud denly formed themselves into a decision. 'Yes,' he said quietly. ' I am::; why ?' 'So is Maclean's new boundary rider-a remittance-man, I hear. You might suggest he should look down to Owen's shanty on Sunday if he has any spare cash.' Chancellor rose to his feet and brushed a patch of dust carefully off his sleeve. ' Well, I might,' he said coolly; ' but that's hardly in my line, is it ?' IIl. Thinking it well to settle the question as to the ghost of the past looking out of Ferguson's hazel eyes, Chancellor asked him straightforwardly if he were the son of Ferguson of the 50th Dragoons. ' \Vhy, yes,' was the unhesitating reply. ' I)o you know him ?' 'I did years ago, and a thorough good fellow he was.' 'He is still,' said Ferguson, with a flush ol boyish pride and pleasure. ' And you are Teddie ?' 'Yes; I am Teddle. ' Is your mother well ?' 'Quite, thank you.' And Teddie turned away rather abruptly to inspect his girths. A moment later he swung himself into the saddle, and Chancellor watched him ride off, glad with an uneasy satis faction that he had not uttered aloud the words that had risen to his lips, 'Your mother was the best woman I ever knew.' As long as that thought remained unspoken it might be stifled, and he did not care to encourage it, when he meant to use against that woman's son all the resources of which time and ex perience had made him master. His fellow shearer's chance question, which had brok.n in upon his mood of perplexity and indecision,- had, in some inexplicable fashion, enabled him sud denly to decide to make a desperate bid for the. future's lair gilt, which his meeting with Ferguson seemed to have put far-beyond his grasp. 'The past is passed,' he told himself doggedly. With a fair field my chance is as good as his, and the girl shall make her own choice.' So through the weeks of the shearing season the duel between the two men was slowly fought out, each using his own weapons. Chancellor's knowledge of feminine, nature against the boy's I mystified reverence, his calculated ex pressions of devotion against the other's impetuous, innocent passion, the romance of a past with its superior wisdom against youth and its infinite possibilities. To Faith's consciousness these I antagonisms were non-existent, and, outwardly at least, she treated both men as equally her friends. During these long spring weeks she averred that she ' lived on wool,' for the cool, grey mornings began with the voices of the men trooping down fo the great, iron-roofed shed, the warm, sunny hours of daylight went by to the constant hum of the machinery that kept the clippers in motion, and :the evenings were spent in reviewing the work of the day, discussing the qualityof fleeces, and comparing weights and prices with those of former years, except- -and it was a significant ex ception-when Faith sang to Ferguson's banjo or played Chancellor's favourite 'bits' while he learned against the corner of her piano. 'The question of her preference was, nAturally, discussed among those on lookers, who had learned that only stray crumbs of her friendship would ever fail to their share, and opinions as to her final decision were fairly evenly divided. • Suppose old Trcwarhen will have: castin. v ?e, alter all ?' suggested oni of ine ;:issips. ' he boy, I believe, i str.iight enough ; but how about thi other ? Is the boss Ihkely io hand th I girl over tr a 'hap undr a cloud ?' ' h it isakes yin think Ch.hicr.ii, is under a cloud ?' demanded` anodic. ' He has been k".town as the hbs: 'godi fellows for the last .in years. S.And bhfore ?' queried th, fir-i I speak' r. ' Oh - hfre ?' rciloe" is lrirn' with it laughl a'l a senificant ·hrui. W\Vhat were we-any of us> Itn yei: Sago ?' And the subject was dropped. Concelluor, ,-i-w: Itc, ;iatched th dran.ia ? whl:la. . was .playing witr the critical p rC ,tiois sipilsos d t. ielong onily t, ~.;:;c:ators, ka.ising thai the present undeisned struar;itn .cou! not he much turiher prolonged. Hl-; departure. .lr:Iaint r-?-. nea' .no , nut ring n --,'i'r,," ,' ' n io. some decisive tetermination,. and to one of the actors the finale could not fail to be more or less tragic. thls thought was specially clear in his mind one Sunday afternoon early in September, as he lay back in a long chair on Trewarben's verandah, and watched Faith and Teddie studying to gether the latest batch of illustrated papers from England. The final page was criticised at length,` and Ferguson, rising to his feet, stood and looked out over the sunny landscape, where the hot air quivered above the tin-roofed station sheds, and far away the wide acres of pasture lost themselves in siretches of scrub, hright with the fresh leaf and blossom of an Australian spring. Both Faith and Chancellor watched him as he stood there, tall and straight limbed, with the air of good health and good breeding that is more attractive than simple good looks ; then the older man glanced across at the girl, and the lines of his face hardened. Ferguson was the first to break the silence. 'I'promised to go down to Owen's,' he said, half-doubtfully. 'Isn'i it more comfortable, here ? asked Faith, who had heard stories of the ' Wool pack Hotel,' alias ' Owen's,' that did not impress her in its favour. ' But the fellows expect me,' he re turned ; and Faith drew up her head proudly as she replied : Of course, if you promised,' she said; ' but I don't see why you should care to go there.' Chancellor took his pipe from his mouth, and spoke oracularly. 'Because he is a man,' he said slowly, 'and leading-strings are- out of date.' Ferguson'scolourdeepened suddenly, and after -one look at Faith, pleading vainly for a responsive smile, he was gone. (To be concluded in our next). 