LADIES' GOSSIl'. It is interesting to note that no fewer than six of ctae Queen's children and grand children have chosen July as their wed ding month. The ill-fated Princess Alice was -married on -the 1st of the month; Princess Christian on tflie 5th: the Duke of York on the 6t'h; Princess Maude on tiie 22rti; Princess Beatrice o-n the 23rd; and Princess Louise, Duchess of Fife, on t'he 27th. '^faieli appears to rank next to JuJy in ;Koyal favor, for -in this inonth the ?Prince of Wales, the -Marchioness of Lome,, an'd 'lihe Duke dl C'onnaugtfit began iiieir wedded lives. «^ The Hellenes sister-in-Jaw of the Prin cess of Wales is an adept at, Oriental Jace lnaking, each -piece when it is completed being presented by Queen Olga to her inti mate friends. The Queen-Regent of Spain leads an ex tremely simply Jife, rising at 7 and re tiring ''to rest at 11. She sees little oi society. (Most of. her time is taken up in anxious consultations with her (Minis tei's, mud when she has half an 'hoar to spare it is usually spent with (her dhil dren. .?-.?... !. The Marchioness of Tweeddale, who, by the way, is. a charming ItaJ-ian lady, is among 'the few women who have driven a railway engine. The Haroness Hurdett- Coutts has -two very- ; strongly-marked characteristics— an intense interest in art and a great love of dumb creatures. She has assisted many poor painter?; and her gifts to institutions of .all sorte .devoted to the welfare of ani ma'ls have' been most generous. Lady Aberdeen makes it a rule one day in everv year to dine with 'her servants, her husband 'also sbrastiuie3 observing the sahie- custom, i ? ? . , - . 'La'dy. 'Louisa Tighe, aunt of. the Duke, of Richmond, is one of, the most remarkable and interesting old ladies in England. Boru WKen the century was in its cradle, two years 'before Trafalgar, she was pre sent at the famous ball given by her father on the eve of Waterloo, and buckled on the Inyi Duke's sword as he left t'he scene of fair women for the great fight of 'J(he morrow. Lady Louisa still takes tJie ^keenest interest in pu%nc affairs and is as loyal to Home Rule as was her great friend and hero, Mr. Gladstone. Rosa Bon'heur earned her first monjy iu copying the paintings of old masters, working early and -late helping to support her family. Her first anijuaT picture was a gcat, which pleased her so much that she gave up copying and took up animal painting. Models being ^too expensive for the ©lender purse of the young arliat, she wouid tram]) miles to a farm, carrying a meagre lunch in her pocket, to sketch an anima'l. When only 19 years old she sent her first picture to an art exhibition, and at once was pronounced a genius. Mrs. Helen Gould probably receives. more begging letters than any other per* . Son possessed of great vyealtJi. Her letters ara examined and classified by the young lady who acts as her private secretary, but Miss Gould reads t'hem aH herself. According to a computation made by her private secretary, the appeals on her charity aggregate about 1,000,000 dollars a year, the total in 1897 being a few thou sands in excess thereof. Madame Patti, while living one London season in a house on the top of Pri-mroee Hill, took a great fancy to a white crow, t'he property of a neighbor. This bird was au accomplished whistler. - The diva offered a large sum for it, bu: tiie owner could not be induced to part with the pet. ? Quite a small sensation e;ems to have been caused in some quarters by the dis covery that ladies are taking to the use of the monocle. In this connection it is stated that Princess of Charles of Den mark has worn a single eye-glass for, some years, and her example has been followed by one or two other Sadies in society. Princess Maude has always been quite the most up-to- date of the Queen's grand daughters, and her monocle is quite in harmony with her piquant prettiness tttid 'bright manner. ^_ A wonderful shawl is among the posses sions of the Duchess of Northumberland. It once belonged to Charles X. of France, and was made entirely from the fur of Persian cats. Although the shawl is 8 ft. square, it is of such fine texture that jt can be compressed into an ordinary tea cup. 'Do many of the women who pass the medical examinations practise?' a well known medical 'woman' was asked by a representative of a contemporary. 'Most certainly' was the reply; ''there are over forty women practising in London alone, and on -the Medical Re gister there are nearly 150. The greater number of -these go to China, India, and' Eastern countries generally to practise, but women are. now frequently employed by the Government when medical ex aminations are required in the case o£ female post-office 'employes, boarded-oufr workhouse children, and so on. The Asy lums Board and the infirmaries employ * them largely also. Some of the women who are practising abroad are rapid!y making fortunes, and I know one in India whose income last year amounted to over £4,000— she had one present of ovet' £500.' ?: y An ancient custom that has lately been revived is tbe presentation by ladies to their future husbands of handkerchiefs ' embroidered with ; jhe lady's initials worked bv herself with her own hair. In ? the middle ages, it is stated on good ? authority, this practice was quite general. Since the daysjof Ovid it has been con sidered unlucky:'to be married* in May,' aud those stud'eiits who spend then- time in digging up vpotk and reasons have given, us what they suppose to be the origin fit the superstition as follows:— 'In ancient Home there used - to be held in May- a ? festival called; the Leihuria, or I'east .' of the Leniurcs, Avhich was a ceremonial in'--: honor of the Speeches' of Departed Souls. It became, w-itli the ' Romans, what we :. . should call 1)?ul form'.' j. to have inatri-- monial rejoicings 'at the ;season of suebva solemn ritual, vpeing probably considered an insult to the dead to- marry at such a time at all.' Friini thiB n seines of stories would grow of? ihe revenges made by the outraged ghost?-;iiipon those who ventured tp disregard them,, and if . anything unfor tunate -happened to a couple who had been wedded in May it would, certainly have ? been put down- to. retribution. So the. tradition of ill-luck arOse,'and its influence has lasted ever since, even- to our day.' One of the most expensive ladies' pet dogs at present In fashion is - the little -. black-and-white Japanese epaaiel. Pup: pies of these hare fetched £70 a piece; full grown dogs not infrequently being add fort as much as a hundred pounds. The Coun tess of 'Warwick has the finest .jspecimenis of Japanese terriers in the world! . , V; During the summer spell of. war^n weather in, Jj&gjpid-; the girls and tsroihen in variO«B'lmicaalHre^#im ftfflls took:** wearing. loosiJ. thin Mouses-, in' order to get, more r^J^m-m-ithd ;'?Eeik -.The - innova tion -hhj$ much Appreciated;' iut soon ihe anaatera- ordered, -that no one should be allowed XV, work whVwas- so clothed. 1 he reason foc-this regulation was that it was feared'the loose dress might- be caught in some of. *he machinery . and bad acci dents j-esult. . One again. and again sees youthful laces untouched by a. single line, but sur mounted jrith hair still abundant but almost 'white. One reason for this, apart from the foolish custom indulged in by some girls of bleaching :tlieir hair, is, no doubt, that pomades and greasy dressings for :the hair have (been out of fashion during the present generation. Another cause of premature greyness lies in modern conditions of life. People Jive at high pressure and under continual strain. This, among other evil?, turns: the -hair white. There is nothing so certain to do this as mental distress and anxiety; and exceptional cases are. on record— such as Ithose in the Reign of Terror— in which a woman's hair 'has turned white in a single night. A hairdresser told us the other day (writes a contemporary) that one of the unpleasant effects of influenza was the way in which sufferers from the epidemic found their hair growing grey immediately afterwards. A golden rule for :taste in dTess rs to match your skin for evening wear, match your hair for street wear, and your eyes for wear in the 'house. A 'NOVELETTE. Could love be stranger than thy love for me? Poor wayside rose piucked by a noble : knight, . . Within t-hy ibosoin screened from vulgar Yet dearer held than all the world by ' thCe! II. Could love be sweeter than thy love for me? Fate made me not thy sister, child, or ' v-ite, ' ,. , jj Yet the quintessence of a splendid life, Thy self-most self belonged alone to me! III. Could love be sadder than my love for thee? Soul linked to soul, no veil twixt heart and heart, Yet in the eyes of men our lives apart, In thy last restiug-pluce no room for me! IV. Fond, foolish thought! as if to thee and me Came some ne'er looked- for throw of fortune's dice, Unwonted. joy, unheard-of sacrifice — Strange, sweet, 'and sad must passion ever be! 