\- NOVEL. [?] By Jeanette. Walworth , CHATTER Y1H.— (Oos3B?U3D.) voeleste was a wiser nurse than I took her for. i had; no - business coming in here to talk, to my .tittle sick wife. 1 am going Nome, and I shan't come back until you send; for me, darling! Only don't keep me away too long. Iiniss you so, dear. So do all the boys. . I wish-— ' ' 'Stop! stop ! stop !' It was a cry. of pam. He did stop, and stood wonderingly silent while die went on impetubdaly : 4 You are talking to me as "' if I were 'a lunatic or a child. A child yon- know I- am not. A lunatio possibly I might, become, if falseness, deceit, cowardice, duplicity . i$_ man were all that was ' necessary to , make a. lunatio of a woman. When I oaid that T hated you, I meant it! When I recoiled from your touch as I would from that, of -a reptile, I meant it ! You are a reptile, John Loniner!' He blanched at her scathing denunciation of him, and, turning his: face from her, he stoo.d with folded: arms loobing.down into the 'fire. It was on record in .the, medical journals, he reminded himself, that people , frequently turned upon ' their very dearest ) friends when dementia seized upon them. Ob aimers , must be summoned at onoe. " He would not add to her excitement by, a, single word." She stopped speaking. : He could t hear the tumultuous breathing that lifted the folds of her. white wrapper in billows r-of passion. After ..a tittle while her breath came more, placidly. 4 Is that all, Nora ?' he turned and asked . her quietly. To soothe her excited nerves was his one object jnst then. ' That is all. Is it not enough ?' 4 Quite enough in the way of condemna tion.' 1 He had turned towards the door. ' You are going ?' she asked, drearily. ' Is not that what you want me to do ?' 4 Yea.' 4 Yon know, my t theory always has been that the veay .worst a good woman can think of A man falls far short of his deserv ing. ; I hope you will feel better to-morrow, Nora. Tiy to sleep now, dear.' He was gone, ! She looked stupidly at the wocden panels of the door through whioh he had disppeared. 4 Not one word in self-defence ! He oodld not look me in f he face and defend himself ! That much to hie credit. And. now. let me finish my work.' She resumed her writing. Her pen fairly flew over the paper. Sheet after sheet she filled, folded, enveloped, and directed, until four, closed , envelopes lay before her, upon one only of whioh she pat a govern ment stamp. When Celeste, brought her, luncheon to the door, she found herself looked out. When she knooked two or three' hours later, and informed' 4 Madame' that she was there with the dinner- tray, she was still locked out. When she oame again at latup-ligbt, oraving peitaission to put the child to bed, the doo was opened sufficiently wide, for Ninette .to- creep in, mid through the crevice Celeste was. informed, that MV« Lorimer would attend to .the child herself that night. - She was at tiberty) to dispose of her evening in her own way. \ 4 Ihe way Celeste did dispose of it was not at all in 4 her own way.' She was entrapped on her. way down the stairs by the mistress of White Cliffs and drawn into the sitting-room) where the family physician, assisted by John Lorimer and his mother, croea,-qaestioned her rigidly, and exhaustively as to Mrs Lorimer's mental condition during previous neuralgia atteoks. She slipped away from them, when they . had ecctracted from ber avast deal of infor mation she . had. never suspected herself possessed of, and orept into a cot in the hall, just outside Nora's door. John himself had located it! "She had assured' Him confidently that a mouse could hot etir in Madame's room and she, Celeste, not hear it from that position. It was from that, night that Celeste Bongereanx always ' dated her belief in ghosts, and regarded their visitations as presages of evil. She told the story of the White Cliffs ghost always with oaotion . 'It was not of ghosts I was thinking,' she would tell you, that night.' I was awake. I could not sleep. The hall was large, and strange; to me. Tho "cot was narrow- I was restless. I was thinking of the child Ninette, and how she must have missed me, when' of a sudden 1 felt a cold wave .sweep over my face and I saw a white fignre gliding noiselessly across the hall and turn towards the steps. I covered my head with the blankets, bhilled but not frightened. Celeste Bongereanx is hbt'a coward. When I looked again, there was nothing to be seen bat the oold pale moonlight - streaming through . the . uncurtained dormer window j. upon the hare floor of thehall. The next , morning, Mrs JohnLoruner was not to be. \- found! I told no one of that' visitation from the White CJiffs ghost. Bah! the pro vincials, they, would have had no faith in it or in me., But I have .seen what I have seen.'" '' u One'portion of Celesta Bougereaux's story, was irrefragable. It was on the morning after ;nho slept on -the cot in the hail that John's wife was. not to.be found. On- the desk in her zoom were lying three sealed, envelopes.' One of the envelopes was addressed to her , husband. To him she said, — 4 1 married , yon for.Ninette'esake, I leave you fee. . y our, ; .own. Yon may be ja trifle : shookid at tliifl rioleht)rondingtof the,.- feebly , Hain that links' us 'together, bat I fahoy yon will be infinitely obliged to me in the long rnn. ..Consult some «f your lawyer friatids and ee how the kn can be nntied : legally, for I would hot have you lose the full, .fruits , of this sacrifice by reason of pbstaoles in the path of your marrying again,— moro f eticit- onsly .?iext, J witi.hope?I hay®. PP.: intention of matog away wmmysefi.' Another one of the envelopes was addressed to Celeste. To her she said,— > \---Ais - soon" as you have read this,- ask" Mr J Lufimer to send you and the child, to Glen- burnie. Take with you her trunk and the envelope' addressed to Miss Fairbanks, whioh I leave.with this. Be good to Ninette, and' stay with her : it will be to your interest.' The third envelope was addressed to Miss Fairbanks. To her she said;— 4 1 am not conducting my project in the way I had planned before coming to White Cliffs. But, after all, we are the merest - puppets in the hands of Fate. I had meant my little .Ninette should win her own way with yon before I made for her the startling claims of Kinship. She is Sibley Fair bank's daughter:— his only child, bora In holy wed lock. Her mother and father did not live together happily. He deserted . her : she had to make her own support. As all of the papers were in his possession, it may be sometime yet before the child's legal Maim upon you orupon your father can beeatab- fished. She is the bfcild of my only sister— a youpger sister,, to whom I was idolatroualy attached. John Larimer's suit for, my hand earned no weight with it until he accident ally mentioned the faot of having the Fair- banks of Glenburaie as neighbors. I meant to have kept Ninette myseff nnffi; her olaim npbii her' grandfather .had been made so clear that he 'would gladly have recognized it ; fcat. it. has been .ordered ; otherwise. If your firat impulse should be to order Celeste, the ohild-B nurse,, to leave your presence and take the child with her, stop and .deliberate tjwJoe before; yon sen£ y onr „ .brotiier Sibley's ; infant daughter pdrixt -in air :utfftiendly , world, tiiiil, I prootire thepbeuft «t/ what . I bay, you must take my simpioi.asasrtloiiv Every word in Uub letter is absolutely trne'. ' CHAPTER IX. Flowers ! flowers everywhere ! The most expensive sorts at thejuoaLexpensive season ! Bat expense, was never taken into- account in the NorOTosS Wtabluhmrat; 1 Did Mrs Nor- cross-desire a thing ? And. was- that; thing the very best of its kind f' Those were the only two questions worth the asking- or the answering,- .;. ... .c:-i - '- ; Friday was Mrs Eugene Nororoes's day. ; Not .that, eyery-day- was hot eh.tiirely ' at her: own. friyplqus disposal, but eyen bntterfiieB are snbjeot to exhaustion, and it Mr Norcross had not set apart one day oufc of tho seven fohf special observances/ the gayest butterfly i'of fashion .that all Esplanade Street,: in the ojty;' of Npw Orleans, oonld boast, would have snoonmbed to tiie harden of its own popularity. ;0n Friday, therefore, one was sore of 'finding lbs Noroross ;at home, Clothed in one ofthose marvels of Frenoh oostumes that all her 4 set was raving over. One Was also sraof; finding the house converted' into a bpwer of roses, whilq from every comer of the spacious lower floor, daring the regula tion hours, floated the , mingled- aroma. of English breakfast: tea and feminine goesip. ' Apparently, no one enjoyed Mrs NorcrossV Friday af ternoons more thoroughly than she did herself . No ehiid freshly, admitted into fairy- land oould have outdone her-in joyous gayety, as she flashed from group to group of the tea-drinkers, moving her lithqform .vrith its. glistening satin traih;,; and' her jowelled,: arms and Oan&,'with ah efftiotive gaoe npt altogether unstudied: All of ih<«A who drauk„ het..tea. were not good-natured towards Eugene Noroross's young wife. Some of them, , perhaps, rhad nqt yet got over the seoret smart of his defeotion from the ranks of their own possible suitors. Some of ' them,; perhaps, would have preferred his marrying a woman., whom - somebody knew. Among these was; his aunt, Mrs Mellioent Noroross, who con fidentially assured, his married sister, Mrs Delanoy Delany, on the Friday- in question,. . 'll: Noroross had not brought' her direot from Paris, one would be tempted to - aoouse . her of gauoherie.' 4 Not gauoherie 1 Anything bat that. . For a woman in her first winter here, she is the most absolutely self possessed ' young' thing I ever saw.' 4 Well, then/provinoialism, if you prefer. " I imagine she has seen very little of. this sort : of thing.. Her enjoyment- of it is too undisguised, too absurdly genuine.' 4 It is. ratber patent. She is a pretty creature, though,. Mellioent. One can scarcely blame Eugene for beoomlng- in- fatnated so late in life.' 4 She is exquisite ! Chic from the orown of her blonde hair to the tipa. of those little twinkling yellow satin stippers. It. is- her eflasive gayety I obndemn. I should - prefer more repose of manner.' 4 Her oostume is daring. No woman -less sure of her complexion would have ventured so much yellow at once. She doea laugh too much.' , . lbs Delanoy Delany lowered her long- handled eyarglassea, ; and. sighed. :: lbs Mellioent Norpross.lowered hers,, and smiled : ' After all, why should she.. not laugh P Life , must be an altogether pieasaut thing for her. The adored wife of: Eugene Nor- cross, no. children, . assured position, old family, wealth, beauty,; youth, health !— I envy her, my dear, positively.? . ' And— yet— a skeleton !'- ; Mrs. Meilibent shrugged her plump should ers and lowered her voice : 4 You mean Eugene himself ?' 4 As jealous.aea Spaniard!' : ' What /fvould you have P Perfection f I imagine her Friday afternoons are free from his espionage only beoahse he knows that- no' men ever., come here before gas-light. He- will appear, with theiighting of the first jet 4 Doubtless 1 It is an ugly serpent in this pretty .Eden-' . ... 4 She, wqlks too rapidly. She lacks repose.'' Then opportnnity for farther criticism was lost. , .MreNorpraas .was > coming -towards ' them, follo.wed , . by, a tray-bearer.- She swoops, down. upon them smiling : ' Toa arev neither- eating, nor-'- drinking ! This is abominable., 4 No : we were gossiping, -and about you.' 4 About me P' She clasped two jewelled hands1 to her pink eara, ,. The diamonds that.flashed upon them 'were prioeleas family-gems. ; tit is the left one that. , boras. You were - saying) naughty things about me.' L 4 On the contrary. We, were saying that Eugene. waa always a most fortunate .man. But— Bennet is trying . to . catch . iyouf eye. He has a card there. One. does. -not need- cards to-day.' Mrs Noroross turned, towards the butler, who was ..standing .behind her extending a card and wearing his most impassive facial expression.... She : flashed under this im plication of social ignorance, and made no motion towards taking the card : 4 1 am at home to all my friends'to- dav. Bennett.' 'This is not a friend madam.i . It is a person.' 4 Then -I am not at home to her . ' 8he insists upon seeing you. She would not go. She has written something -on the .card. I have shown her into Mr Noroross's study.'- Mra Nonoross lifted the card, from the silver. It was one of the sor,t. Bennet always kept in the drawer of the hall raok for emergencies. There was nothing, .vfntten on. it but a name : , 4 Nora.' ' A slight tremor, as slight as the waving, of a: willow wand when a rude .wind shakes . it suddenly, passed through her , frame, leaving her color a shade ?aihter, ahd .hee .ypioe a trifle less resonant , . in its, :gajr '.olear; tones : V 'Presently.' " 1 She rwaved Bennett out of her presence, -with that one softly sken word, , ftii once morp gave her exqlhsivp, ntt'entibh. to -Mr' Noroross's relatives. She'Md a favor to ask, of both of them : 4 Would dearMrsiDelany come to her on rnei.t Monday..apd dine.SP feg»illqLr.Bhe,andi Eugene could'npt agrpe .upon . the location of, the conservatory. V. They,, needed an empire! Eugene was positively autocratic.' % \ 4 And would dear Mrs Noroross make one at the theatre-party. she . was getting up for Itving'sfirat' night ?' Then, with joyous thanks, and an adien waved T from the tips of her pearl-stioked ostrich-feather fan, she turned from them flashing and smiling, and, gradually making, her way to:the velvet portiere that -' separated the parlors from the rear "of ' the 1 house, she disappeared behind them. ' ; 'Wonderful!' Mrs -Daiany exclaimed, in tones of genuine admiration, as the velvet draperies fell softly together onoe more, shutting out the radiant vision. '.What?' 'Amelia's self oontrol. The card that Bennett brought her agitated her excessively. She had itwiated it into a-perfeet corkscrew before yon had made; up :yonr mind about the theatre- party- The person is noc wel come.' . 4 That, at least, goes to prove that Eugene did not marry a provincial.' 4 1 yield that point: But one would like to know a tittle something of the auteoedenta of one's own brother's wffe.' If it had bean Mrs Delany's privilege to go with her sister-in-law- into' the presenoe of the person whbwas- patiently" 'waiting in the study; her' oariosity might have been amply if -not agreeably satisfied on the soore qf antecedents. : It waa John Lorimer's wife who sat there waiting for the tardy eoming of her sister Amelia, Ninette's mother. As the radiant ; young thing who had jnst successfully ran the 'gauntlet of several score of oritioal eyes ; flitted, into - the dimmer region of Mr Nor- qrossjs. Btody; Nora stood np confused and bewildered. They kissed eaoh other, and they called each otner 4 Norrie and 'Mellie,' but, even ' as their embracing arms fell apart, the look of pain and bewilderment deepening on Mrs primer's face she recognized that she was looking at her sister;over a yawning abyss. : M'dpn't understand at all, Amelia 1 1 have been trying" to . find you for a montii. , When t haard: ' that you were Mrs Eugene Nor«S8, I grew more: utterly bewildered than ever. What does it mean ? Yon oan- nbt— have— ' . , 'My letter -was explioit enough, heaven . knows !' Mrs Noroross interrupted her rudely, , laughed nervously, and. settled herself on the other end of Nora's sofa. : 4 Your letter P' . : 4 Yes,— my letter in whioh' I told you the whole troth. I thought it would be ; safest. . "Tben I . sent, Ninette to- you and told you1 1 was going to Europe with, that old; woman her pai opmpanioh; I rtold-ybu that I oould not, take. Ninette: with -me, beoause it was only pn the understanding that I had no ,ties she would , have me. She said she wanted no tear-shedding:females about her. You knew all that, before.'. ... : 4 Well. . I thought no wsong of it, either.' 4 But I did not tell you the whole truth, Nora. .. If that old woman had not been Eugene Noroross's- mother), and ! if he bad ,npt been going over with her, 1 never would hava-.taken the -position. It all turned ont splendidly. . The old lady died in Nice. I had seen none of her family, bat her eon, on this side. I oame baok Mrs Eugene Nor- oross. : When I wrota you from - Paris that I was goihgipn the stage, it- wait -to' prevent : , you, from hunting me-up msi chere. I knew ' your . horror of f stage, people. One cannot hope: to ; succeed in life,- — succeed as I have, — ? she glanced oompreheuBively about her, — )4 if, one dare not finesse s'tittle,' even with one's: own sister.: Asjfor'the child, she was always mudh fonder of you than she was of me.;: . I wrote you a long letter three -weeks ago, : I : told , yon:, in that letter that I did not mean Ninette shonld be a pecuniary burden- to you.' ; Nora put. her band: to her head with a dis tracted gesture : 4 1 grow: more bewildered at every word, Amelia. s I. never got your: letter j iafa heard from you but once since the day Cfileste oame- to ; me . with your little girl; bringing; the letter telling ; me yon were going: to Europe as a companion. That onoe -was .when yea wrote me you were going on thh stage.; I cried over that letter, Mellie,' and. I, prayed so: .hard 'that yon might be kept pure and sweet/ Mrs Eagene Noroross smiled indulgently : 4 Arose, Norrie; my dear,' bat a necessary, one. I knew your abhorronoe of the stage, and I knew, or thought I knew, that if you bslieved; me to be- on. the stage yon would shun me as you would a leper.' 4 And you. wanted me to shun you ?' 'Yes.' " '- - : A eold, hard lock had oome into the radiant young face. . 4 1,- who have been mother and 'sister and" te&oher; all in one to you, Mellie ? I, who never wanted yon even to try to support yourself at. type- writing?' ' '1 Yes/ It; came monotonously from the full red lips which; after each utterance Mrs Noroross draw fiercely in under her glistening: white teeth., 4 But why?' 4 1 told you why in that letter.' ' : 4 Bat I never got the letter, I tell you/ ' 4 Then I :will have to go over the whole hateful chapter once more. But not here. This is Mr Noroross's study, and he . might opmein nuexpeotedly/ She - got »:up»". almost dragging her sister with her. 4;Why .-should Mr -Nororbrs hot find me here?' Nora asked, ' resehtfully. 4 1 have a right to come to seemy own sister, have I not, Amelia ?, .. Amelia made an- irritated motion ndth her pretty hands : 4 1 have- so 'mdeh to tell yon, "Nora, and the house is so full of people. . You must follow me. Some one might interrupt us. ' ; She dropped her sister's hands, and, sweeping rapidly ;ior ward,- led the way, by a rear staircase, to theMpper floor, never onoe pausing in her gracetui sinuons progress until, they : reaohed a' small dressing-room, perfeot in all appointments, through the open door of whioh she got a glimpse into a bedroom fitted up with still more Oriental splendor. . 'Now'! We are- safe!— quite safe! Eugene never intrudes' here. We can talk comfortably/ She pushed Nora into.su easy chair, and, seating herself close beside' her, began nervously : ; ? . 4 1 am sorry you failed to get that letter. It would have saved you this trip.' . 4 No. I oame to thecity independently of any. expeotatiqu.- of seeing you. ' I had be-: tieved you were on the stage.. I-.had- .given you up for dead. I placed the child where its proper protectors would .be: obliged - to- care for it, and then — then— But . I did not i come here to talk about myself : Tell me all that you have kept from me so long, Amelia.' (To b9 oontinned.) 