LEXICOCRAPHY. TIHE LATEST TRIUMPH. WEBSTER'S DICTIONARY. QUITE UP TO DATE. By DR LEEPER. 'Webster's Dictionary has now been known to the English-speaking world for seventy years. Those years have been a time of unexampled progress in every department of research. In none has there been more striking imuprovement than in lexicography. The portly "Inter national." which is now becoming a fami liar object in many Melbourne house holds, presents the same kind of contrast to the original Webster as. say. the new est 1'. and O. liner to Captain Cook's Endeavour. Webster has passed through many editions since it was first brought out by subscription in 1S28. Each edi tion has marked an important stage in bringing the work to that degree of per fection which has now been, attained. The year 1859 witnessed a1 notable de velopment in lexicography. Webster then appeared for the first time with pictorial illustrations. This new fea ture. due to American inventiveness, has now been adopted in almost all the larger English dictionaries. Webster has gone on gaining steadily in size, utility, and accuracy. The additions to our language within the last seventy years. owing to the growth of the arts and sciences, have been prodigious, but Webster's drag-net has caught and seized tile naew terns alinost as soon :is born. We tilld in its pages such recent crca tions as appendticitis, criminology, grip man. hexatench. Pasteurize. megalo mania. radiograph, and that ugly word of Transatlantic origin. electrocute. IHow completely- the aim of lexicographiy has altered within this century! .iohnson and his immediate successors held that technuical and scientific terms had no claim to a place in a lexicon for general readers: but science has so dominated the life. the thought, and the literature of to-day. that only a simpleton would at tempt to make or sell a dictionary which excluded technical terms. Indeed it is for these that nowadays we make most frequent resort to our dictionaries. A hiuge advance has been mlade within those seventy years in the department of etymology. The dictionary first ap peared just five years before Blopp published his epoch-mak ing comparative grammar. Till then comparative philology was in its infancy. Perhaps it would ies truer to say that it was not even born. In those earlier days Voltaire's arca:lstic principle of derivation, that "thei vowels count for nothing and the ci onsoatnts for very little." was practically. if not avowedly, accepted by scholars. But etymology can now almost be reckoned among the exact sciences. One of the first principles impressed to-day upon the young student of linguistics is that to a phonetic law there can be no excep tion. The etymology of the new Web ster keeps pace with the times. It has been most ably treated by distinguished experts in philology, including Professor Whitney. of Ilarvard, and Professor Pick. of Gottingen. No feature in a dictionary is more im portant than exactness of explanation: but. as Dr Johnson complains, there is at peculiar difficulty in interpreting lan guage by itself. No word precisely ex presses the idea of another, and simple ideas often defy definition. G;rinin's great (German dictionary sometimes re sorts to the use of Latin and other languages than German in striving after more accurate definition. %Webster's delinitions of words belonging to the various sciences have been prepared by eminent explerts. and are models ef terseness and luci dity combined. Many of the defini tions given in dictionaries, and even in standard treatises, by spechialists in philosophy and science are much worse than useless. llWhat could be more fan tastically bewildering than Ilerbert Spencer's definition of life': "Life is the tld:ifite combination of heteroglt.eous challnges. both simlult:lneous :tand suce cOssive. in correspontldence with external c,-exi.1terces and sequences.'" Thi-; i, lutided. to define "'igillnt l It per inllotius. Mu1ch1 more intelligible ::nil "'hlsi niss-lik'c" is Webster's tldelinitiion. "Theli' ipotential principle or for, re by which the org:ans of animals and plants are started :and continuedl in the l'rformallii'e of their sctVral aid co-operativ e fune tions." It the selection of literary authnrtitks for tile valriouls ulses of elch w, ird. Web -tir is entirely satisfactory. 'The illus trative qiiultltiois are necessarily less nunterous than _I thi' larger dictionaries. such as the "'Encyclopaedic." and "Cen tluTy." :indt "Ricthardson;" lut they are atleqal;te iu numlber and adtlnmirably choosn.. A dictionary absolutely free fromn error nmaly be pronounced an impossibility: but it is lperhaps nact too much to say that all thtlt hlualatn skill alnd care couli do to enslure corrct(ness h:ls been done in \Webster. To test tilhe are with which revision has Ien carried ollt in this latest edition, suplpose we take some technical terms of English sport. Cricket is not an Aineri C:n galme,. and some little "w\':ak ness in the field" of cricket would not halve been surlprising in ain Ameri can 1iook. The slipsm in,whichl we eatchi (to keelp the laInguiage ot a crickety hayv onr) tile earlier edtitioins of Weblster would sceem comical to a MJelbourane schoolboy. "L'.eg," for exaimlle, was ex plained as "to strik' iI the leg; used in crickiet." Vicket-keeper. again.' -vas de tined as "the player in cricket -iwho stands with a b:t to protect the wicket from the ball." Longstop would hardly have recognised himself under the de scription of "one who is to stop balls tent " long distance." I hasten to reas sure the Melbourne reader. All these terms have in the new Welbstci defini tions which would satisy "Felix" or "Old Cricketer" himself. Errors like those instanced seemn all the funnier, perhaps, because conscious jocularity seldom makes its way nowa days into a dictionary. The modern sci entific spirit would not tolerate such a tiling. Webster will not yield tmany jests. Of course this is quite as it shouldt be, although tie only thing in Johnson's dic tionary that the world now remecmbers is its sartlsus. Thley have become a part of literature, and w'ill be always relish ed. Everyone knows ihow Johnson de tined oats as the food of horses in Eng land and of men inii Scotland. Less fa miliar, perhaps, is Dr Guthlrie's witty re tort, that this explained the superiority of the horses in England and of the men in Scotland. Equally well known is Jolhn son's definition of "excise." and also the stir which it caused. Mr Murray (later Lord Mansfield), when consuIlted about it, wrote: "I am of opinion that it is a libel." and the doctor omitted the more offensive words from his next edition, under threat of prosecution. In the same edition, curiously enough, he inserted un der thle word "alias" something still more personally offensive, giving as an illus tration "Mallet alias Malloch." an unkind sarcasm on a certain Mr Mallet, who had thus changed his name some years be fore. The famous "Patent Pocket Dic tionary" of James and Horace Smith is the only dictionary that ever seriously set itself to be funny. Witness its defini tion of "bait," as "one animal impatled upon a hook in order to torture a second, for ttle amusement of a third," and "ca pers" as "a remedy for boiled mutton and low spirits," and the suggestive cross-headings, such as "Beer. Small See Water," or "Blind, the-See Noth * "Webster's International Dictionary of the English Language." being the authentic edition of Webster's Unabridged Dictionary, compris ing the issues of 1864, 1879. and 1584. ' Now thoroughly revised and enlarged under the supervision of Noaht Porter, D.D., LL.D., of Yale .University. With a voluminous appen dix. Published by G. and C. Merriam Co., 1898\. E. J. Forbes, general manager for Aus tralasia, 8 Spring street, Sydney; and 5"S Collins street. Melbourne. Ing?" Who would exlpect anything de liberately Jocose in a Greek lexicon? Yet the oft-quoted joke in Liddell and Scott, in which, under the word "sukophantes," the derivation from "showing figs" is dis missed by the editors as "a mere fig ment," would seem to have been inteu tional. as the word "figment" was sub stituted for "invention," which appeared in the earlier editions. Some years ago, when sending the late Dean Liddell a list of corrigenda in the sixth edition of the Lexicon. I drew his attentiona to the pun, and in the seventh edition it disappeared. I have since felt a slight touch of re morse for having been the possible cause of extinguishing the solitary ray of hu mour which illumined those sombre pages. The copiousness of Webster is marvel lous. It was the general opinion of schol ars of the time that Webster's first edi tion was as great an improvement upon .Tohnson for fulness of vocabulary as Johnson had been upon all who preceded him. W'ebster's first edition contained more than 12,000 words not to be found in any similar work. Some thousands of words were added to the second edition. and in the issue of IS(4 the editor could boast that the vocabulary consisted of upwards of 114,000 words. Ilow vast :1 range over literature, and over the arts and sciences this implies may be partly apiprehended when we remember that the ordinary vocabulary of the man in the street consists of about 1000 words. and that the whole vocabulary of Shake speare does not exceed 10,000. I do not find in the present edition any- precise statement of the number of words con tained: but, reckoning the average for each coitin.n with the nunlber of pages. I should say that there cannot be far short of 1-10,000 separate words. The book, of course, does not aim at being a Thlesaurus or a "Lexicon totius Anglicit atis." That place can only be filled by Dr Murray's great work. which. when com pleted, will be the greatest attempt at dictionary-making the worldl has yet seen. unless possibly we except Griumm's G ernman dictionary, still unlinished, though begun five years before Dr MIur ray's; or that portentous work the great Dictionary of China, an English transla tionl of which, it is estimated. would till 1441 octavo volumes of a thousand pages each. But Dr Murray's Historical Eng lish Iietionary will. whenll compliete. oe i'lpy :lboult tell massive volunles.allnd will cost from L25 to L:Il. It will be. many years. also. before it reaches its goal. Tihere are scarcely four volumes yet tlil ished, although it has ailready been mak ing its majestic progress for more tllan forty years, with about a thonuland ex perts to help it along. It is clearly there fore a work only for the library or the scholar's study. For tht ordin:ary citizen. indeed for the'ordinary stuldent, for the ofice., for the Judge's Bench. for the journalist. Webster meets and miore than meets all requirements. If necessity. so1me choice had to be exercised, and a nuI.mber of words liha to I.e omitteId. which might properly find a plutce iu tlle many-volumed lexicons. Every word. however. which is sanctioned by the use of standard English writers is duly registered in 1Web'str. It does not Iprofess to be anl exhaustive vo('clbulary tof s:lang. and it omits many words which ha:ve nothing more to justify their exist ence than an occasional occurr(ence in obscure authors of a remote period. or which are due to a passing whiin of a writer. and have taken no real hold upon ile(' language. For instanct', that uncoutll word ''Disestablishmentarianistu," said to be tl( i longest in the language. etry pr"op,'rly receivtes no cousideration from Websterr. tllougll it ha:s ILLn toleratetd in a high-class English review. What are known a?s ",host-words'" have bIeen rightly weeded our. evecn though they have been recognised in .Johnson. anld dlu tifully repl;roduced in later dlietioturies. Ghost-words. perhaps it should be (ex pI:lined. are spurious words. generally originating in bad spelling or printer's er rors. Ghost words are numerous in the old English dictionarites and glossaries. Even in Richardson some of these unlic entsed intruders have f'oulnd a footing. iormner editions of 1V'bster h:adl hritt o)lr dl some olt these word-. ''PhllIhoantlit ii?n" .id1 it< ground long. a11e( was do ilntod as "nill apteara:.e it i a tph:lt toni: I'o" Ih cl :' ::nd Ir',.' Thi "uI'ri- formtt'i~nl w1 '1- really dul" It til'e svhlrll n o P an ,..,nt ri, l.'l1ir n ia l. 'who. in :a work 1 '.Illil:e'd s54t . :,."i'.ty y.airs :i ", tri[',e l as oti ' i , .' ,, ' . ll?a;I' wtrds "'ph:!nt'o natiOns.'" whllii ich ·i:n r eilir i: :i lina . of "l, 's ,l Is- ,eiy . "lT o alil t:'" Ib:lt i ilixatio ' ti' lh deati .'" "Ihniui. ?1" i is nosy e'xchldit'. froml 1Vi?,e' i's r: 1ui1: it ýt?i n1.ds n lhin-bit g iin p:ltl li" :i ld tit1 Ihe n iioi ol the llle l'h fi't thai the b"ek has :an .tnh'ri ail origin tlal lr i?lt. irt' , sote l ell, for .ce.ntrie spelling: bit their :lppretheln sio n would beI grotunllhti. WVlnill A? m'in':lln differs froni EnItulish ttge?. the twio fortis tare generally placetd sid' '"by side: but tlhe extravagances of A? erican phon'.tic spellers liu1t noi recognition. Tie sensitive render uted have no fear of ibing c:nmfroted with autrocities like "at" for "are," or "cumn" for "'SO-l." which make certain Trans-Atlantic lublications, such ts tihe proceedings of tlhe Amerienn Philological Socilety. the nost irritating printid nmatter that I know. Inll the iilicutlt tntter of pronuciati on.n which there is necessarily so mtUch diltreti.e of opinion. ,V.l'ter will b foutlnd to be gtenerally in agreement with the unsage o the most cultivated English speech. The lnew issue is flurnished with tin A?ustralasian suptilenient. Trhe lest foe Itures of this are a dictionary of Austra iasiant words, compiled and edited bly a gentleman wtell-known in Melblourne, Mr Josmhua Lake. who hais lone his work admiiraly iwell, and has chosen the illus trative quotations with great judgmnent; aend a very complete Australian Gazetteet liy Mur i.'. J. Bromtield. Tite paler, linding and type leave no thing to be desired. Everythlng that Amnericatn ingenmluity could do to serve the cornvenience of the reader and to aid rapld reference has been done. Nothing can surpas.- the cleverness of the mechanical contrivance for the quick turning over of the pages. Beyond con troversy, it is for the beauty and number of its illustrations, for copiousness, for tiouracy, for lucidity of definition, the best one-volume English lexicon that has yet been produced. That is not all. It is much more than a lexion. With its ample gazetteer, its biographical dictionary, its register of all the nottable persons and places in liction. atnd its many other valuable lists and vocabula ries of n'tmes, it has grown into a great encyclopaedic treasury of general know ledge, a compendious library in itself, a sort of universal oracle. 