THE . CABLE.lNEWS.c* AN important combined British move ment id imminent in Natal. The 6th. Army Division is mobilis ing, at Aldershot. Lord Methuen is.advancing on Bel mont,- on 'thewestern side of the Orange free Stated/where the Boers i have been strongly , posted-since No j vombe'r 10th." " ' ? Major General iVench threatens Colesberg on the Kimberley Bide, from 1 iho Hanover Road,"at a point betw«en Naauw Poort and De Aar with a foioe j of 3,000. Amongst this force the i Lancers will have a chance. Boer tactics in Natal are regarded as extremely hazardous for them; being prompted by necessity they are pillaging for provisions. 3,000 Boers attempted to shell the British MooiBiver camp, but retired when the British effectively replied. Mooi Kiver crosses the Durban to Ladysmith railway .pt a point between Maritzburg and Estcourt. The Boere arem^untiDg guns which they hope will command the British position at Estcourt. Considerable numbers of DapeDutoh are joining fthe Bpers. Major General Sir W. Gatacre has arrived at Naauw^. Poort with a big British force. The Kimberley garrison eortied on the 16th instant, captured several Boer positions, and ^killed 20 of the enemy. An " Anonymous Australian has donated £10,000 towards the war re lief fund: French newspapers are ecurrilouBly attaching Queen Victoria. [The trouble is that the Queen proposal to pay her annual visit to the Italian Riviera instead of to a French centre.] Lord Salisbury is suffering under a severe attack of influenza. The Boers apparently intend to rush Pietermaritzburg. In all prob ability this will'be.their final great effort in Natal. Lack of sufficient cavalry is delay-' ing Major-General Olery's operations for the relief of Ladysmith. Boers over-running Barkly East. Many natives are arming and threaten to resist the Boers. A leading resident of .Colesbnrg, a place north of Naauw'^Poort, has been arretted for treason. }'i The troops under Lieu-General Lord Methuen now proceeding . to t he jelief of Kiinberley number 10,000." An urinuccessful attempt was "made by »1 inloywl Cape colonists to destroy Clie railway bridge at Sooth Naauw Poort. ?. ;i ? Mafiking wbb safe on the 20th instant, but fever was prevalent. President Kruger has forbidden the American Consul at Pretoria to furnish England with any information regard ing prisoners tnken by the Boers. [Consul O. E. Maorpm, since the outbreak of wur, lias been in charge of British inter mis at Pretoria.} . . A > TUB usual meeting-of- the Execu tive Council was held on Tuesday, Lord BeaiicTiatup"*^ presiding. The only matter of consequence dealt with wa« the granting of a^uonth's leave of absence to Air. Cnghlan. So far, no cnt! has been appointed to uko . his placi! temporarily. on the Public Ser vice Board. .......... I AT Blnyney some consternation lias ] been caused among the minors st the copier mine in : the shafts. Strange noises, such as the ringing oi bells, loud sighing, groanipgp, etc., are re ported to be heard by the men. It is further stated that *ven the miners'; candles are extinguished by a SU- 1 pernatural being; same .of the men also state that the ghost brnsbed past them. Owing to . the :terror inspired' by the visitor from unknown regions, j six men have refused to work ia the I mine. j THE Fran .-o-Gbinese boundary at Rwang Chan-Wan bM been «ettlei|. To compensate for advantages givenlft the British, Kus*iana, and Oerjiiaitn, the Chinese Government in granted 10 the French a Jrase of tj)e Bay ofKwans; Chsu-^a-n.ontbe e»al 'vQ- iht <>f the TiMi-pliHii Peninsula, ojipohite the Inland'of.'Hainan. 