The Secret of Monks wood Waste. CHAPTER X. ' 'THE CHIEF OK hi.UK IS KEl'URMBD AGAIN.' ? Sevonuailes away,., whore tho waves.of.tho ceaseless sea washed the shingly shore, under the broiling, sea-side sun, there uestlod tho little fishing- village of Ghudleigh. And high up on the coast stood the groat Iioubo, with its grand old park — Ohudleigh Chase. They wore one or the oldest county tamilicg, tho Ohadleighs— and the present baronet and General Trevanion bad been close friends, as ?well as neighbours, when both were at homo, which was not often. And among all who wore shocked — nay, stunned, by the incom prehensible mystery at Monkswood, nono folt ufc half aa profoundly as Sir Rupert Chndleigh, Three weeks had passed away, and the r search was about givari over in despair. Not the faintest cluo to guide them had been 'found. Tho most artful of artful detectives from Scotland Yard had been summoned, and this profound goepser of auguesaable riddles ; set his brains at work, -to no purpose. And ? at last they wore fain to give it over, and ?.trust to time to lift the dark mystery shroud ing tho fate of the poor old general. Sir Ruport Chudleigh paced slowly up and down tho ' Rummer drawing-room' — an ex quisite apartment, all silver and azure — a carpet liko drifted snow, and rosebuds— and pictures, each a gom. Flowers bloomed luxuriously in tho wide windows, and birds sung amid tho flowers; for Sir Rupert was .an epicure of tho eye, as well as of tho palate, and wanted all things pretty aud sweet about ? him. Tho August sun was flinging red lances of -fire amid the brown bolos of the giant trees, ?onitu westward way; but the baronet still ,-woro a . picturosquo dressing-gown of violet ^velvet, that clung about him not unlike-' a Roman toga. Having nothing earthly to do, -and nothing earthly or heavonly to think of, ?ho was a victim to thafc torrible complaint which tho French call la inaladie sans malade — tho 'disease without a disoaso' — and fancied himuolf at death's door or thereabouts, a fragile blossom, ready to bo nipped by the first chill galo. Ho had bosn pretty well over ovory nook in the Continent, and now, in his fifty-eighth year, had returned to, Ohudloigh for good. Ho had married very' lato in life, to rotrtbvo his ruined fqrtunos — squandered at thegiiming tablo — an heiress, rich as a female Rothschild and ugly us a Hottentot, who had just lived long enough to present him with ono daughtor, and depart in peace. Sir Rupert had buriod her in the family vault, with profouudost resignation, gone into mourning, soht tho infant away to a widowed aunt in Berkshire, and thanked his lucky stars that had given, him a second fortune and rid him of an unlovely wifo. Ho did not quite forgot tho little waif loft bohiud ; ho desired sho should bo named Gwendoline, ? after his mother — sont quarterly choquos to the widowed aunt, and requested that tho best tutors 'should bo had for her as sho grow up. For sixteen years lie remained abroad ; then wearied noarly to death of himself and all tho world, ho had returnod to Ohudleigh, ? and for tho first time had tho pleasure of making his daughter's acquaintance. Tho pleasure was a very doubtful ono. Tho ?widowed aunt had died somo six years boforo and Miss Ohudloigh had spent her existence in a continual round of boarding- schools. Sho never remained in ono long, somohow ; and the dirootress always heaved a groat sigh of relior and' muttered a '''thank Hoavon' when safoly rid of hor. . . *, Sir Ruporfc, a tall, thin, patrician-looking porson, with dolioato foot and hands and hyporsonsitivo norvos, oamo within an oco of swooning with horror at first sight of his ?daughtor and hoiross. ono was short, sno ?was .stout — dreadfully stout — sho had a fat, round faoo, intonaoly rod ohooks, a noso that turnod up, a v'oico shrill ani high, thick anklos, ? and sandy hair. With all this, tho dumpy little damaol had had a narrow escape from being protty. Sho had two big, surprised blue oyos, .that laughed in your faoo as sho lookod — tooth thai outglittered poarls, and. a. skin liko wintor snow. And tho rod-brown hair ran- wild in ourls and kinks ? and ripplosj and ?wavoB over tho most beautiful, tho plumpest, tho whitest neok m tho -world ; ana ,suo- 1111a tho wannost heart,, tho best tompor, and tho; -oloavpst laugh of.auy young lady1 in tho throo .kingdoms. Sho had a .tondonoy.' toward tho ?' fast :''b1io could cullop at.'tho hools of tho houudb in hor scarlet riding-habit, taking liotlges and ditches holtor-s'keltor, risking, hor, ?mock ovory day of hor lite with a roady rook .lossnoss that was positively dolightful. Sho -had a acoro of dogs, big aud littlo, at her ??command ; sho snng ' Ohampagno Charlie1 ? with tho ousigiiH and cornets over at Spook-, hnvon, and was Humraod up by thoso youth ful warriors in that ono oxprosBive au]oouvo, 'jolly.' As tho lord of Ohudloigh Ohaso paood ?slowly up aud down Iho long drawing-room, ?whilst tho August snnsot filled tho room with ?-Inrid fflovv. tho door was thrown impetuously open, nnd Miss Ohudloigh, with oheoks moro liko poonios than ovor, bouncod in. Sho woro a ridiug-habit of purplo cloth, a purplo cap, with a long whito plum'osot jauntily suloways on hor dancing curls ; aud oorLainly, if uot a 'Vonus do Mcdioi, was as bright a little 1 English Iiibbio as ouo might wish to boo. ( ' Papa, she LmsauuosBiy onau, hjuj |U had news atMankawood; thoy'vo had another lotlor from. Cyril !', Tho tall baronol. glancotl down at hor, and wont plnoldly on with his goutlo sauutor. ' Gwoiulolino, .how of ton must. I request you not to bounoo in xtpon mo in thin abrupt manner, or anil out In- thahjUrill 'falsetto P IC gcmrnorvoB nvo mndo o£' cast-iron, imno aro -not.' ' Fiddle !' Miss Chudleigh came vary near saying, but she held in in time. ' He says, papa, he's been ill again; but they may expect him shortly. Sybil showed rao tho letter — Buck a nasty, cold, unfeeling scrawl. Ho doesn't oven say he's sorry for the poor old general's fato. If Sybil weren't a down right goose about' lots of things, she'd be glad and thankful that the general had sense enough to take that last stupid will with him, whereevor he's gone 'to. How she cau set such store by him — this fellow Cyril, I mean — I can t Hnderconstumble. ' Gwendoline !' cried Sir Rupert, in horror. ' Undercomo — good heavens ! what did you say?' . ?? . _ ' 'Beg your pardon, papa!' said Miss Chudleigh, rebuked. ' I forgot — I won't say it again. But I will say this, that Cyril Tre vanion is a flat and a fluke' — there !' 'Mi«8 Chudleigh,' fiaid her father, with awful severity, ' if you talk any more slang, I shall order you out of the room. When does Cyril Trevanion say he is coming ?' ' Shortly — that's all. He said it before, and ho didn't como. Thoy'ro going to leave Monkswood and go back to Trevanion Park. Poor, dear, darling Sybil can't bear tho ..-.',. Burnt -Lof . ^the ...Iplace ...now— jte does tako on' dreadful, papa, when there's nobody to see her but me. And it's my opinion she blames it all on that nasty, smiling, sugary cat, Mrs. Iugram.' 'Nonsense, Gwendoline! Blame it on Mrs. Ingram ! What wild absurdity ! Miss Trevanion has a little common sense if you have not. Such a preposterous idea never entered hor i mind.' ' Yery well, papa,' responded Gwendo line, with a shower of nods ; ' think bo. if you like, but its true, Sho doesn't liko Mrs. Ingram, and no more do I. I hate people who say ' yes, dear,' and ' no love,' every timo I tell thorn it's a fine day. Mr. Weller Bays, ' Beware of vidders,' and I agree with Mr. Wellor. I expoct to bo ono some day myself ; but I shan't be a ' widow bewitched,' liko Mrs. Ingram.' ' Mrs. Ingram is a vory elegant and lady like person, Miss Chudleigh,' Sir Rupert eaid, sternly, ' whom I moat ardently wish you would take for a model. If Lady Lemox would consent to part with her, and sho would consent to come, nothing could givo me more plensuro than to have hor here as companion and instructress for you, Your ignorance of the commonest accomplishments of tho most ordinary rules of etiquette ib j somothinK frightful. You talk slang, you ride, you fish, you shoot, you sing comic songs, you know no more of the art of dress than a South African belle. Good Heaven, Gwendoline Chudleigh ! if you had been born the daughter of tho lowest chaw-bacon ; in Sussox, you could bai-dly have been worse.' ' I wish I had been born tho daughter of a chaw- bacon, or a fisherman, or a gypsy, or a strolling player, ' or somethiiag olse free and j ?iollv.' responded Miss Ohudloiffh, uulkity ; ' I don't want to bo formed, and play stupid figuros and monastory bolls and etorms and variations', and songs without words, and rubbish liko that, on tho piano, and have all tho languages, living and dead, at j my finger ends, and addle my brains ovor McCulloch, , and Adam Smith, and Hugh. Millor, and the rest of tho dreary old fogies. I know enough French to road Dumas and George Sand in tho original, and I can play the ' Fishers' Horripipo' and the ' Highland Fling,' and I can waltz down any girl of my years and inches in tho county. Everybody likes mo but yon, papa, and I wouldn't bo liko that artificial, simpering, smooth-tonged, whito cat of a widow for a kingdom.' With which Miss Ohudloigh bounced in dignantly out of tho room; and plunged head foremost into the arms of a tall footman in the act of uBhoring a lady into the drawing room. Tho lady was Mrs Ingram, bowitch ingly dressed, and all hor siren smilos in full play. Gwendoline rebouncod Hka an India rubber ball out of tho olootrified footman's arms, and was gone liko a flash. ' When wo speak of the devil — ' said Miss Ohudloich. ' What on oarth brings ? her horo r1 Sybil can't havo turnod her out, and sho can't bo coming to bog papa to take hor in. Did sho mako away with ? the general, I wonder, or was it the prior's ghost? I'm not a coward — I'd faco a five foot wall or tho oholrea morbus any day ; but I wouldn't sloop a night in that dreadful old house — no, not if they were to mako mo a present of it. Its exactly liko tho ' Castlo of Otranto; or, tho Mystorios' of Udolpho,' that I road whon I was a littlo girl, and I shouldn't bo a bit surprised to see ono of those gnm old follows in tho picturo-gallory stop out of his frame, aud ask mo how I found myself. If that widow's coming hero to fora nio, I won't bo formed. I won't givo up Bell's Life and take to High Church novels, and I wont resign my three hours' gallop with thoso duoks of .'subs,' ovor at Spochavon, for throo hours' hard strumming on papas grunu piano ;' 1 won't loarn geology or mineralogy, or any other ology — no, not for all tho widows this sido of Pandemonium. _? ' Miss Ohudloigh went up to her own suite of apartments, and banged doors,« and pitohed things about in a high state of tompwiyand not without cause, for she 'had unwittingly guossod vory noar tho truth. In tho drawing vnnm fc Intrram sat. her laco handkorohiof to hor o'yoB, her, voice lost in suppressed sobs. She was one of thoso fortunato wompn, this littlo widow who, can ory , without., roddoning their noses, or swelling their oyos, or making thoir coraploxionB,' gonorally, like 'Bpooklod trout. Tho soft, black eyes looked, up at you liko stars through mist, tho glistening drops foil— not tod f aat, i nor ? too many— oft tho poarly ohooks,: without a stain bohind ; and tho widow's rougo was the production of high art, and cud not wasn ou. auu mxv— uunuij, drowned in toaiyj— her voioo faltoring, her groat eyes gazing pitoouRly up at Oto baronet. Sir Rupert sat opposite, gravoly playing with a papor-;knifo, aud' listening to Iho widow a tale of iwoo, ? ' 'Misa Trovanion dial ikos' and diHtrusts you,'i ho was ropoatingj,' my dear madamo, «ho cannot bo- so unjust as to ianoyyoum nnv wnv nnn.nHHni'V to llOl1 UHolo'S itttJIOlltnblO disappearance;-1.. Miss Trovanion is a young lady of common bbuso, at loaBt,' 'Prbjudioo id stronger than oomraon sonso,' Mm Ingram answered, midly. ' I am vory, vory unhappy at TroYanion Park, Lady liotnox is goodnoHS ilflolf— but Lady Lompx a daughter— ah, 'Sir Jluport, you havo no icloa how miHOi'ftbla ouo woman oau mako anothor — how torrribly moroiloHB sho oan bo, par ticularly whon hor viotim is friondloBS and alono, ns I am I' - ? ,„'„?,'„' ' ' And yet that is not liko Sybil Trovtinion. Sho vms' alway« tho most gtmorous;' the kindQBt-hoavtod, the monf graoious. to , those boneaUi— ' tho baronot piilldd lnmflolf up ohortly. 'Howoyor; an you' say, projudiao, in this case, may bo strongor thau generosity. And, my dear madame, if you really wish to leave Lady Lenox, why not come here? I desire a companion exceedingly for my daughter, and I know of no one whom I would so greatly like to see filling that oifico as yourself.' The widow clasped hor hands — and tho soft, black eyes looked speechless ecstacios of gratitude, ' Oh, thanks, Sir Rupert ! a thousand thanks ! It is what I havo been honincr for most ardently, but scarcely dared to ask. Tho meagro annuity left me by my late hus band would barely suffice to keep mo in clothing, and then ho died deeply involved, and those debts I try in my noor way to pay — ' tho lace handkerchief in requisition again. ' Dear Sir Rupert, you have made me very happy. I knew I should find a true friend in you.' Tho baronet bowed, very well pleased. It was something very new to him, this coming out as a philanthropist, and decidedly pleasant. A pretty young widow, figuratively at your feet, kissing the hem of your garment, is not without its intoxication, when you are an elderly widower of fifty odd, with an eye left b till, tor the uno points of -a woman.. -.. — ,,-..-,?, ' You will do us tho honour of dining with us, Mrs. Ingram,' the baronet said in liis most stately manner. ' I am. still in my morning gown, as you see, but the wrotched state of my health must ? ' 'Dear Sir Rupert,' Mrs, Ingram said, ris ing and interrupting, ' pray offer no apology. — we oil know the sad state of your health. Ah ! life has many drawbacks, even for the great and the good ! I will not remain to-day — thanks, dear Sir Rupert — I must return to Trevanion in time to dine with Lady Lemox, and break tho news of my speedy departui'o. She will grieve sincerely, I know — sho really cares for poor littlo lonely me.' '' A not vory difficult task, ? I should imagine,' Sir Rupert said, blandly. ' I con gratulate myself and my daughter on our good fortune. When will you come, Mrs. Ingram, to brighten our rather dull old house ?' ' I will como next week — this is Friday — on Monday, then, probably. My preparations are few and easily made, and tho sooner I leave the bettor Miss Trovanion will bo pleased. It is vory hard to bo so misjudged ; but thanks to yow great goodness, dear Sir Rupert, I can oven bear more than that. Accept tho warmest thanks of a. grateful heart, and allow mo to bid you good day.' A gush of perfume — she lifted his long, loan hand,' all spax'kling with Bplendid rings, to her lips, and kissed them impetuously — a last tondor glance of the luminous black eyes— a swish of silk, and the olegant widow was orono. . i ? , ' Really,' Sir Rupert Ohudleigh thought, settling himself in his easy chair, and looking complacently at his piuk finger ' nails, ' a most elegant and thoroughly lady-like porson. Sho will light up our .dreary rooms, liko one of Greuzo's plump beauties stopped out'of its framo. Her manners aro perfection, and hor eyes tho finest I. think I ovor «aw. That Ingram must . have been rather a happy fellow. -It is to be hoped sho will succeed in toning down1 that torrible child,1 Gwendoline. Heavens above ! to think that I should bo parent to such a bouncor as that !' ;. Th.o widow drove home through tlioambor' mist of tho sunset) her faco as luminous with triumph as tho radiant sky. : ' ' I camo — I Baw — I conquered !' ' she ? thought, with an exultant littlo laugh. ' I can afford to cry quits with you now, my uplifted Princess Sybil ! Whon I write my name Lady Ohudleigh, who will bo cohqueress then ? Aud I'll do it, too, beforo tho year ends, if Dame Fate, who haB stood my friend so long, does not desert mo at the supremo hour, and. send that detestable Oyril Tro vaniou hero to botray mo. And yot he may oomo and not'know mo, aftor all.'j She reached tho house as the. silvery hazo of tho summer twilicrht was fnllinar, and ran jp at onco to tho drawing-room. But in the 3oor-way she paused, for Sybil Trovanion 3tood talking to hor mothor, with that fixed, inflexible look on hor pale, beautiful face tho widow had loarnod' to know so well. My lady's liandkerchief was at her oyos. Neither noticed tho eavesdropper in the door.' ' It is very unkind— it is frightfully, cruel of you, Sybil!' my lady said in a whimpering voic«. ' Brit you always ware as obstinato bb a mule ! J0o you Buppose Edith Iugram car ried off the poor dear general bodily and buriod Mm alive P Even then thoy would have found his bones. Tho idea of your blaming hor is too monstrous ! How oould sho help dropping asleep, any more tkan Oloanto or Telfor p a»d you don't dream of accusing them. You call yourself a Christian, Miss Trovanion, and you attond church two or throo times of a Sunday, and you visit wretched sick paupers in Spookhavon, in thoir 'filthy littlo rooms, and road tho Bible to cliom, and all that, and you think .nothing, next moment of turning round and accusing an innocent iporson of inurdor I Very 'con sistent religion yours iB, indeed !' ' ' I ncouso no ono,' Sybil said, wodrily. ' I havo no proof. But foul play has boon dono in somo 'way, mamma. Some day wo will, know. , You romombor what tho Gorman poet Bays, mamma : ''Th« mill* of tlio Rodo yrind fitowly, But they griud exoaedlagjaranll.' Somo day tho truth will appear. Moantimo, I don't liko Mrs.'Ingram, and I oan not dwell in tho1 same h6uso with hor. I lo'avo Monks wood to-morrow, and novor roturn horo. _ I don't want to moot that woman again, Heaven forgive mo if I do hor wrong, but I dislikod and difltrufltod hor from tho first. tl1hero is something of tho snako aboiit hor, I boliovo— its deadly glitter in hor bluok oyoa, ils fatal hiss in hor voice, itB_ deadly onohant mont in hor smilo. ? I don't like hov, mamma, and sho doesn't liko mo. Ouo 'honso cannot hold us-both.' , .,,,.,, Lady Lornox sniffed audibly bohind hor porfumod oloud of cambric ' You hoartloss girl ! It must bo nB you say, of course, Binoo you aro mistroBB hero ; but I novor thonghtyou -woro b« ultoi'ly selfish. You think of no ono butyoursolf your likos and diis likuH. Youdon'toarowhatbooomoHofnio. Who :,.m*ii -«M.,'/-n i-rtw lnMni'H 9 Who will road all tho now novols to mo ? Who will sing mo to sloop P Who will—' But horo tho thought of tho tornblo misery impending waB loo muoh for Lady Lomox ', hot* voioo was lost in tears. . ' Dear mamma,' Sybil said, smiling in spito ofhorsolf, 'tho oaao is not so harrowing. as You mako it out, Lot mo.tak'o Mrs, Ingrain's nlaco— lot '»io do all thoso things for you; J3oliovo mo, you will find mo roady and willing nt all fcimos.' Sho drovr out her watoh ' Past seven,' she said. ' I must return at once, Giro Mrs. Ingrara warning, mamma, when sho returns. If money bo auy compen sation, draw freely bn me. Only, go she must !' She turned round toward tho door, and for the first time saw tho widow, motionless as a statue, listening to every word. There was a slow; mocking srnilo onher face, and tho large dark eyes looked full at Sybil, with a danger ous gleam in their shining depths, Miss Trovanion returned that sinister gaze with briyhitly fearless eyes. ' Pray, Mrs. Ingram,' sho said, ' how long have you been listening there ? Long snongh, I trust, to hear what I havo been savins to Lady Lemox.' ' Quite long enough, Miss Trovanion.' She advanced into tho room as she spoke. ' Bat it is no news to me, I am fully awnre that you have honoured mo with your strong est hatred ovor since my arrival hero. And you wish tp givo me my dismissal ? Permit me, if you please, to take the initiative. I leave hero on Monday morning.' Miss Trevanion bowed coldly, swept past her, and was gone. Very fair and stately tho handsome heiress looked in her trailing cropo ?itrid'TmbleB— a lady to her finger-tips. A '.tiny phaeton and two lovely cream coloured ponies stood awaiting her. Sybil drove thoso superb thoroughbreds herself, handling tho ribbons in masterly style, though by no means capable of coping with Gwen doline Ohudleigh, who drove four-in-hand, smoking a cigarette to tho last ash without ever purning pale, or whistling the ' College Hornpipe' with tho best Cantab from college. Tho last red glimmer of tho sunsot had faded away in silver groy, and a brightly beautiful moon trembled on the edge of aii opal ;sky. One by one the summer stars gleamed out, one by ono the nightingales chanted in the green gloom of the woods. Tho hedge-rows were all aglow, and tho sweet scent, of new-mown hay filled the air. Tho lazy cows in the meadows lifted their slow brown eyes to see the dashing littlo drag flash by ; and a great poaco camo into the girl's heart with the holy hush of eventide. Undor tho silvory stars, the woodland glades, the forn groves, tho waving trees, the grand old priory looked vory fair and peace ful. ' How beautiful it all is !' Sybil thought, with a wistful littlo sigh — ' the dear old priory ! tho grand old park ! Ah, if Oyril would bnt return' — if my ' Princo Oharlio' would but como back to claim his own again !' Sho stopped, a littlo surprised by somothing that met heroyo. Sho had not entered under the great archway, butl»y tho west gate, a less pretentious and more retired way. It was tho terminus of tho Prior's Walk, and a quaint, medraival old house, all peaked gables, aad stacks of chimneys, and diamond pancd casements stood horo, half hidden in a wilderness of roses and ivy and sweet-briar. It was called the Prior's Retroat, and at odd times had been rontod to any rospectable tenant willing to pay a largo ront fov a very inconvenient residence.' Of late years it had been quito deserted — hauuted, of courso, like the Prior's Walk — and the sight that surprised Sybil now was to seo smoke curling upward from tho chimnoys and b, big Livonian wolf-hound gamboling ponderously about1. A second more, and bIio came^iraqtly-in-front-of-tho .Retreat, .ancLin, Bight of its now occupant. Leaning with folded arms ovor tho littlo rustic gate, was a man— ?-a gentleman. Sybil aw that, in spite of a shabby shooting coat and d broad-brimmed, foroign-looking hat. Ho was smoking a pipe— a short, fierce looking black thing, loaded 'to tho muzzlo— and pazing with dark, dreamy eyes at tho tremulous brilliance of that beautiful moon. A tall and powerful- looking man,i ' somewhere about thirty, with a black cascade of moustache and beard. That magnificent board hid all tho lower part of his face completely, and what was left was tanned doep bronze, aB if from long oxposnro to tropic sung. But you saw two powerful black oyos, largo, bright, strong, and clear, a handsome nose, jetty masses of wavy hair, and a noblo head. . Sybil staved in wonder. ? Ab tho gentleman ehcountorod tho clear gazo of tho lovoly violot eyes, ho started up, removed his pipe, took off his hat, and stood, gravely uncovered, boforo tho fair young chatelaine. _ . The gracoful head bent ovor so slightly, sho touched the spirited ponies with' hor whip, and vanished amid tho trees. ? Lounging; ou the portico, 'doing tho dolco, as ho called it, was hor brothpr. Ho rose languidly at sight of her. 'You've been gono ageB, haven't you, Sybil? Andthoro's— ' ' , ' Charley,' Sybil interrupted, ' who is that at tho Retreat p I1 saw a gontloman juBt now aB I drove by.' ....'. 'Did you?' said Oharloy. 'Theu you saw a vory fine fellow, lot mo tellyou. That's Mr. Angus Maogrogor, the, new tenant. Reedworth, the steward, has !rented tho old rookory, and lvo had' tho pleasure ana prouo of making the now tenant's acquairitauoo, He's a gontloman from foreign parts — boon pig-sticking and boar-hunting in Swabia, il joliovo — of a litorary turn — writos' books and all that, and has taken tho Rotroat for a yoar to pursue litoraturri on'tho quiot. JSfico follow — vory intolligont — boon protty woll ovory whoro and further — writes jolly books about it, and makes lots of moaoy, !? daro say. Lucky beggar 1 I wisli J. ooum wriro dookh. ' 'If you could, you would be too lazy to do' it. 'Toll Williams to rub. down tho ponios. Aro you going to dino with mo, Oharley, '? Yds, I'm going to dino with you, Sybil, if you don't forgot all about bo sublunary a matter in talking to Mr. Oyril Trovanion. ,TTn'o nnlrl out. ho tolls no, so wo needn't bo nt tho troublo of giving him military profixoB. Did I toll you ho had corao P' ' Oomo !' Sybil gasped, hor oyos wild and wide. ' Oyril oomo ! Oh, Oharloy ! you novor moan to stiy— ' ? . ' , -i ' My doaroHt Sybil,' the Etonian romtirkod with his most exasperating drawl, 'don't oxoito ' yoursolf ; don't got the' stonm up, I bog. Xos, I do moan to say, * xuo umoi oi Lara has rol,urnod again/ and about as gloomy and grumpy u ohap ns I've Boon this somo time. I avbb on tho point of tolling you at first, whon you bo vory'impolitoly.mtor ruploa mo. I rather think you'll find him in tho drawing-room.' — ! t ? Ohnrloy Btrotohod himself out again, ox haustod, and olosod his oyos.1 Sybil .stood still a moment, hor hoart throbbing, hor colour coming mid going. At laBt hor hero had oomo ! Then , she startod up, swept pnfit Oharloy, ivud hurried into tho drawing room. ' 1 (To la coiid'u'^^O 