IT IS DESIRABLE TO DISCOVER THE RESULT OF THE MURTTIcn ( -The editor of one of the dally papers was Hitting in his office Indifferently watching the glare of the night lights give way before the first flush of the coining day. "I was sure," he mused, "that the meeting . of the Anti-Federalists to prepare a rival bill , would be held last night." "The secrets of the time and place have been wen kept. None of my usual reporting etalf would have had the ghost of a show to get In. I believe I was right to Instruct thf in not to make an effort, even If they dls- co\ cred the place, but to report to me. I In tended to send that young stranger. "It was odd he should have come to me and offered Ills services, and be so confident he could get Into the Anti-Federal secret caucus — being an absolute stranger — but he depended much on that if I remember aright. I'm not often mistaken In men. Ills face was too honest, his enthusiasm too natural to leave room for N dcubt. Wholesome opinions he held, too. The fullest measure of Home Rule for Australia, for who can govern a nation aright but her osn sons? Get rid of friction and miserable Jcalcusy betwen the various colonies. Let the people of each see that their destiny is one, for weal and woe. Continue Jn Australia the w< rk that every true man Is doing in every part of the world. Then the race having ob lltcrated the difference between her sonB can take her place ln the van of progress, .the gieatest civilising and christianising inllu- . ence (should not the words be synonymous?) the world has ever seen." . I remember remarking "but some people say ' that , tape and laces may be a little dearer ' It we have union." VTape and laces," he retorted, "do not bind a nation together. We want courage to ac cept our destiny and destroy that local bla which makes tribes but never nations. No thing Is so positive as Ignorance," he went on, "nothing Is so Ignorant as locaiism." "I've been In South Africa and seen Kaffirs and Zulus who thought they ruled the world. Nothing good across the Limpopo, so they imagined, or on the other side of the Zambesi. S'hesi were savages, and therefore some ex cuse may be made for them, hut to And edu ce ted men who believe ln the future of their race holding the same views about .their bro- thers on the other side of the Murray Is mors than disheartening; It's (llsguBtlng, To hear tbem talk about their Federal city. Thai Australia should spend her money on their town. That from Bass' to Torres Straits, from Fort Jackson to Klmberley, the people of Australia must each contribute his mite to I beautify the town of Sydney— a provincial olty — a place where there will be at best di vided control, is simply childish, for Australia must have undivided authority In her Federal capital. Fancy a citizen of the great Ameri can Union urging that there should bo no union unless his town became the capital. 1-le would bo locked up as an incurable lunatic. There Is not one of those men who will not be ashamed to tell his children In a decade or two that he wns against union for any such reason. Why, in Melbourne, the Anti-Feder alists urge that Sydney and Its sur roundings will spring to the front by leaps and bounds, since Sydney will become the great manufacturing and distributing depot. There Is a consider able, element "of truth In what they say, and, the humour of It— thiB Is opposed by some men who have posed as being in favour of the cncouragment of native industry. My goodness— It almost gives colour to the state ment nado that many protectionists have no brains. The "D.T." evidently holds that opinion." So the Ideas of Ills new acquaintance drif ted through the editor's bratn. "He has failed this time anyway," he murmured, for the sun was tinting the upper .walls of the higher buildings, and the olty would soon awake. ."The mooting must surely have been long since over." He was awakened from a doze by a man — a Chliinman, apparently, bursting into the room with a small parcel In his hand, and leading a dog by a ragged bit of frayed clotli. "They've had their Imcetlng," ejaculated the new comer. "Who are you? What brings you here with that . long- eared, llat-slded, damaged. dog7 Take him out, "clear out yourself," cried the editor. " > The person so addressed pulled oft his pig tail, ran his Angers through his curly brown linlr, "Bon't'you know me?" he said. "Yes, I do now," replied the editor, "the young stranger whom I employed to attend the" Anti- Federal meeting. You had better go. I'm. disappointed." "But they've had their meeting. I've been there. ' Don't you know him?" he laughed, as he put the dog on the table. "Here's Ills photo, 1 'Hop' got him right, didn't lie? I spotted him first glance. Look at his ears, he's a bit flat-sided from where a little importer fell on him in the scrimmage, but he's alrlclit. Aren't you, pup?" he said, kindly, as he patted the dejected creature. "Where did you get him?" gasped the editor. '' "Annexed him after the battle was over. I've seen Donnybrook with Its best clothes on, but for a real out-and-outer give me a meeting of the Anti-Federal party, called specially to agree about a bill. Jove! what will It be when they disagree?" and he roared again at his reminiscence of the meeting. "I thought you'd doubt me," he continued, "you' believed no one could get there but nil Anti-Fedet'alist, so I brought along the dog and some spoil— Spolia Oplma — I call them — to convince you. The floor was covered with debris, I could have got a cartload, but just selected a few characteristic things to prove the genuineness of my work." . He unfolded .the parcel, and placed i ts con- tonts on 'the table — the blade of a knife made in Germany, part of a kanaka's spear, the bowl : of a Russian pipe, a complete kit of burglar's tools, and a soft goods invoice. "By Jove!" said the editor, "It looks right enough. Just what we might expect they would shed if they were shaken," ' "But that's not all," said' the stranger, "I put a few In my Inside pocket, for greator se curity," nnd lie produced a copy of "Byles on Bills," a stethoscope, and the stub of a huge CiThe editor sprang from his chair and Bhook the newcomer by the hand. "It's right— for give me for doubting you." i The dog set up a. doleful waih "Keep quiet old man,'.' said tile vlBltor, patting the dog gently bn Ills undamaged side. "It's not true, pup, that there is no food in federated countries. I've been' in them and there's plenty and a bit over, for the .dog." The dog looked gratefully into, the young man's face, not quite satisfied .even -after his assurance. ...... ... "Hard to eliminate error," said the editor, "the poor creature linS heard those yarns of the mlBery and hunger after Federation, so often that he, has. come to believe -them, but put hlm down.- ril get ln a shorthand writer. Just- tell me In your own way how you got 'tliei'e, and what you saw. We'll have a special but In a couple of hours." 