"THE THUMB-PRINT," PUBLISHED BY. SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. JOHM 3ES. 3CaE3"SrS, (Author of "The Lindsays," "Under a Mask," "In the Tolls," "The Broken Fetter," ... "A Million of Money," &c.;, &c.; COPYRIGHT. \- . " CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued.) ' . 'As for the riBk t'o himself, be thought no- thlng of it. It wiould be awkward, certainly, If Mullen Hvere' to etftch 'Mm In his room, but Gerald thought he would: he able to manage so that' lie should not do that. And as for charg ing him with the theft, that, Gerald knew, vn, nrantlnallv Imnosslble. 'Mullen would be forced,- so lie would he the first to see, to say what the papers were, as he would he com pelled -to confess in the witness-box the in famous use lie said would he made of them. No" magistrate, Geruld felt sure, -would listen- to the charge of theft for a moment. Df 'course, as soon us he had shown the papers to 'Gascolgne, he would tell Mullen . that he had taken them, and dare him to prosecuie him. . - 1 It was Indeed a mad Idea, but to tho hot- blooded young man tills way of cutting the knot of Ills dllllculty was not without its at tractions. Of course, Muljen might have bolted Ills bedroom door, which would put a stop to the execution of the plan; but Gerald thought that the Irislimaii'-'.vas not the kind of mini to think of locking his door- in a re- ' spectnhle house. It iva» in vain that pru dence whispered In Gerald's ear, that he was about to do a mad' and foolish thing, which might get him Into a mess, lie shut his ears to the suggestion, and turning mounted the path that led to tile hotel. He gained admittance without difficulty; and as the porter bolted the door behind him, he said. "I expect a I llend down from town to- morrow. Can ho have Number 79, do you think?" He thought that 79 was Mullen s number, hut he was not quite certain. It Would not do to make a mistake, i "'No,- sir, he can't have 79," said the man, looking at him in some surprise. "It's oc cupied." i "Aro you sure?" . ''' "Quite- certain, sir. It's the Irish gentle man's room— Mr. Mullen." ' "Oh, then, I. Hupp'ose my friend must take the best there Is vacant. Good-night, Wil liams." ' - . He passed into the great hall, where a light was burning, and up the wide, silent Btalrcase. At each landing there was a gas- Jet alight, so that there was no fear of Ills losing his way, and his feet made no noise on the thick Turkey Carpet. Ascending to the third floor he made Straight for Number 79, -and laid Ills hand gently' on the handle of the door. - ' If at(that moment he liad glanced behind him, lie might have seen that one. door further down the ' dorridor was slightly, very slightly, ajar, und that' an eager face was visible In the narrow Silt which It made with the doorpost. ' But it jiovor occurred to him that he might be watched. His only thought at that moment- ' wns. a fear that Mullen might have bolted his -'door...' With the utmost care' he turned the large, softly moving handle, and pushed the door gently. It yielded without a creak. Ger ald bent down his earn an listened. Was that a rustle, as of someone moving? No; there was nothing to he heard but the heavy breathing ot a sleeping man, Gerald pushed the door further open. Then he slipped in side and carefully closed It behind lilm. CHAPTER XV.— BY A MURDERER'S HAND. ' ' - Mr. Harold : Johnson, the manager of the Lynmouth Hotel, was Bitting at breakfast ,oc the following morning when Williams, the porter of the establishment, hurst into hla room, his fnce.whtte and his hands trembling. The manager sprang up In- alarm.' "Good God, Williams!" he cried, "what has hap pened?" ' "Murder or suicide, sir, I don't ' know which," gasped out the man, as he sank into a chuir. » Mr. Johnson turned to a cupboard and. took out a bottle of spirits, , some, of .which he poured into a teacup, there being' no glass in the room, and- handed the cup to the porter "Now, tell mo what is wrong, and don't sit there staring like a man that lias seen , u ghost." "So I have, sir— that Is, I've seen worse. I've seen a dead man— a man that was alive and hearty last night, no further gone — as you will say yourself, sir, when I tell you his name." , " . "You will drive me mad. I think! Can't you speak, you idiot?" shouted the manager, catching the man by the collar of his coar, ! as if he wanted to shake, the words out of. lilm. "What is It that has happened? Who Is dead?" ' "Mr. Mullen, the Irish gentleman." "Good heavens! Are you sure?" . "Certain Bure, Bir. He is always very punc tual of coming down;to his . breakfaBt: and this morning when it got to nine o'clock and no signs of him. Mathews says to me, 'Run up to No. 79,' says he, 'and ask Mr. Mullen If he wants Ills breakfast kept for him till Doomsday,' sayB lie. . "So I went up to' No, 79, and knocks at tlie - door. No answer. I knocked again. Still no answer. Then I tried tlie handle of the door, and It opened at once, I looked In, and there .was ho layln' on his bed as It he was asleep. I spoke to him twice, but he made no answer, and then I went up to him and took him ty the- shoulder, thinking perhaps he had tak'en a drop too much the night before. But It was the shoulder of a dead man that I touched. His lace is the cplour of ashes, and his eyes wide open and staring." "Walt here!" cried the manager, turning and running out of the room. He. thought that very likely Mullen was In a lit, und that It might be possible by prompt measures to save Ills life In spite of the delay that had occurred. He sprang up the steps three at a lime, and reached the door of Mullen's room. It stood .wide open, as Williams had left it. A couple of chambermaids were whispering together at a little distance, and throwing seared glances (it No. 79. \ The .manager went In and shut and bolted the door. One look at Mullen's face was enough to convince him that the porter had not been mistaken. The man on the bed was dead. He had gone to Ills account. No living face ever looked like that since men first came Into the world. Mr. Johnson nerved lilmself to close tlie sturing eyes, and drew a corner of the sheet over the ashy face. Otherwise he did not touch It. Then he took a master key from Ills pocket and went out, locking the door after him. After cautioning Williams to remain where lie was and not to hrcntlie a word of what had happened, under penalty of instant dismissal, he went himself for the doctor, The doctor's house was within five minutes' walk of the hotel; so that -hardly a quarter of an hour had passed from the time of the alarm being given before .the manager enter ed Mullen's room once more, accompanied by the doctor. 'Dead beyond n doubt, poor fellow,!" said the doctor In a low tone, when he had turned down tlie sheet. "But what Is tills?" A bul let wound?" He pointed to a round wound at the sldo of the dead man's head. Just behind the left temple. "He lias -been shot, evidently." "Impossible. Dr. Lecson!" exclaimed the ninnager. "If a revolver had been tired 111 tills room, it 1r Inconceivable that some of the people In tlie adjoining bedrooms should not have been awakened by the report" "And liow do you know that they wore not? Have you questioned them?" "Not yet. But surely, if anyone had heard a pistol exploding In the night he would have rushed from ills room, and given tlie alai'rn — or at. least he would have mentioned it this' morning" "One would think so. But If the mur derer " "The murderer!" said Mr, Johnson. "Surely you do not mean ?" "What else could I mean? This was lio accident," and he pointed to the livid wo\ind on the dend man's temple. "I thought he must have committed sui cide." "Where Is the revolver, then? . I don't see such a thing about." - - - They looked for a weapon, but found none. "Who was tlie first to discover this man's death?" asked the doctor, sharply. .; "The hotel porter, Willlums— a very steady man. It seems that the poor mail" — the manager nodded sideways towards the Inani mate thing lying on the bed, to show whom he was referring to— "was usually very punctual at breakfast, mid as he did not ap pear for some time nfter the usual hour, the head waiter asked Williams to step up and see when Mr. Mullen would be down: The man knocked, and got no answer, and then peeped Into the room. Seeing the occupant of tlie room in bed, apparently asleep, ' he went forward to wake him, and saw that lie was dead. Then he rushed down to tell me what lie had. seen. . And as. soon as-'l had seen wlth my own eyes that he was not- talk ing nonsense. I went off for you."- , , "It is almost certain that death-'w'as iiet; due to suicide," reflected the doctor, "or' tile weapon would have been found..- And if :a- murdor has' been committed, who can have done It? What can have been hla motive" Do you know anyone staying In the . house that bore a grudge against the.dcceased?'! lie. added aloud. . Tho manager started. . He remembered the" seuftle In the billiard room the day before. In -itself it was nothing; but It certainly show-1 cd -tliut a certain animosity existed between the two men. "I know one gentleman who- had a few words with Mr. Mullen last niglit," ("id tlie manager slo.wly, as though. lie-, wefe weighing his words' before he spoke them.- "But it is a long way from a basfy word, or even a hot-.toiiiper'ed souffle, to deliberate, cowardly, murder." . . "True!" said the doctor. "And yet— but I am travelling all this time out of my proper province. You' will send notice (it once, I sup- , pose, to. the eorqner;and I will make an exami nation of the body. It will he little else than a formality, for no man can doubt what the cause of death lias been." After a 1-lttle more talk about the arrange ments that liad to be made, the manager left : the doctor to proceed with his examination of the body, and went downstairs. As yet scarcely anyone In the hotel— no one, In fact, except Williams, who was still sitting In' the .manager's room, Mr. Johnson, and the. doc tor — knew of the tragedy that had occurred. . The manager looked in at tlie wide-open door of the coffee-room. The room was nearly empty. Ho beckoned to one of the waiters, a smart-looking young mail wiUi a head sev eral sizes too large for his body, and the man came out to him at once. , "You know Mr. Ashley? 'Was he at break fast?" he siild sharply. "I know lilm. sir. He had breakfast here, and left the coffee-room not ten minutes ago. Shall I see If he Is In the smoke-room, sir, or out on ttie verandah?" , "I wish you would. But don't let him see that anyone Is looking for him." The waiter smiled, and came back in' lees than .five minutes with the Information that Mr. Ashley was not In any of the. public rooms of the hotel. He must either have gone out or lie must be In his room upstairs. "I wish you would go and see," Said- the manager. "And If he Is In his room take off these black things and put on plain clothes befove you .come doAvn again. Be as smart as you can; I will wait for you here. Stop a momma," lie added, as the waiter was mov ing aw uy, "make some excuse for seeking Mr. Ashley In his own room; for I don't want hlni, to fancy that — to fancy anything, In short.' Ask lilm If he Is the gentleman who ordered a rldlng-horse for this' afternoon." "I wonder why he Is- stopping on here. If— but perhaps he thinks- It the safest plan, and I am not sure that lie isn't right," he mut tered to himself, as he walked .1 to a waiting- . room that opened out of the hall and' com manded a view of It. While waiting there he wrote a note to the constable stationed In the village, as well as a telegram to. be sent' to the chief constable- of the county, and another for the Coroner. ' By the time he had finished James . came back, clad In a suit of sober grey tweeds. He reported that Sir. Ashley was In his bedf room, and was engaged in writing. . "Very good. Now, James, . I wish you to keep Mr. Ashley In sight for the present. If he leaves his room you must follow lilm at a safe distance, so that he shall not know that lie Is being shadowed. If he leaves the'house' send, me word, hut do not lose sight of him yourself. You understand?" "Certainly, sir. And if he sends a letter to be delivered to anyone?"-. "You are a sharp lad, James," said " the manager, with a smile. "What made. >oq think of that?" ,'- "Because I thought he. was writing a let-? ter when I wont Into his room Just now." "Well, if he puts his note into the letter- bag I must be told of lb But if he- hands a letter to .you, or to one of the other servants, to be posted or to be delivered to'. anyone, see that It Is brought to ; me at once." . . .! Before flve minutes had gone by one of the housemaids, came to the manager, who hud : returned to his private room, and laid on the table before, lilm a bulky letter- addressed to Miss Westbury, Porcliester House. Mr. John son smiled queerly to himself. as ne read tho address. Then, after pondering the matter for a moment, he locked up the letter In his sale, j , , . ' ' , CHAPTER XVI— MAJOR POMEROY'B ' 4 ; DISCOVERY. . South-west Sussex was fortunate at that time tit utivintf among '-us public officers an ideal chief constable. Major Fomeroy had sought for and obtained the post .mure pu- cause he could not bear to be idle, and des pised hobbies, than because he. cared for thh salary attached to' the office. He was a vic tim of thatf most fatuous of all .the imbecile rules and regulations that have done so much to impair the efficiency of the British army— that no matter how strong and sound in wind and limb an officer may be, ho must quit the army (unless he attains, an impossible rank) just at the period when he has become a sol dier of experience, and when, his v services might be of the greatest value to hi-jcountry. Major Pomeroy had had no exceptional op portunities of distinguishing himself, and his name was scarcely known outside his own- regiment; yet- he had been one of the most efficient of that splendid little band of sol diers and civilians who hold und administer for us the Empire of the East. Prompt in action, shrewd in his judgments of men and tilings, staunch to his friends, and resolute to his foes, tlie Major was the sort of man tha no country can afford to lose. Fortunately, it. his case, the country did not entirely losu the beneilt of a highly-trained servunt's best years, since the magistrates of South-wesL Sussex hud appointed lilm Chief Constable. . He was in his office at Brandlcbury when the manager's telegram was handed to him. It ran thus— "Hotel guest found dead in bed this morn ing. Died of pistol shot. Apparently mur der, no pistol being found. Please send men fit once to take charge and investigate." The last sentence in the message was quifi unnecessary. If there was a man in Eng land who knew exactly what ought to be done ir. an emergency of that kind, it was .Major Pomeroy. In less than five 'minutes from the time W1IU1I IUC iciVh'H'u I'm tutu smto IIURU uc had despatched half a dozen constables to Lynmouth, and was already on his way there on horseback. Before he reached the little seaside town he called at the- residence of a local magistrate, ' and obtained" from him n search warrant, by virtue of which he could search every room in the hotel, and the lug gage of every guest; Ah soon as he arrived Mr. Johnson took,' him upstairs t,o pee the ropm. :ln which the murder had been committed, and the body of the murdered man. Nothing fresh could be learned from the'Inspection; and when it was over tlie manager took the representative ol the law into his private room. Going .to his safe, Mr. Johnson took out the packet which Gerald ABhley had given to the waiter with' Instructions that it should be delivered to Miss Westbury. "This packet," he said, placing It on tho Chief Constable's hands, "was handed to one of the waiters this morning' by a gentleman stopping at the hotel. You will see that it is addressed to' & lady staying at Porchester House, in the circumstances 1 thought it wiser to hand it to you." , ; ' "You mean that you have some grounds for suspecting the sender of this packet?" "Well, it would not be fair to say that 1 sus pect him," said the manager, hesitating." "On ihc contrary, Mr. Ashley is about the lust per son I .should .have thought capable of such a deed; is' un'dehiable Ui&tg;h$k'and the murdered man were no't on good terms with each other, -and I know of no one else in the- house of whom the same could be said." Mr. Johnson then went on to describe the scuffle lie had witnessed In the billiurd-room on the preceding evening, and continued: "ho a certain amount of suspicion — of a very slight kind, no doubt— seemH to attach itself to Mr. Ashley. 1 imagined, at least, that you would think. so; and, therefore, I took it upon myself to have this gentleman's movements watch ed. I have had him privately uuder surveil lance all the rooming." ' , Major Pomeroy started to his feet and held out his hand, "ft does one's heart good," he cried, "to see a man who can act with sense and decision in such a ensa; You have done perfectly right. Of course we all hope that Mr. Ashley will be able to clear hhnBelf; but in that case, what you have done can do no harm, whereas if lie , is guilty, you have pqssibly prevented the escape of a great, criminal. Mr. Ashley 4s still in the hotel, la he?" "I have no cloubt of it, since the nym placed on guard lias seqt me no message." At that moment a lenock came to the door, and a page came in, saying to Mr. Johnson: "James told me to let you know, sir,- that Mr. Ashley is going out." ' _ \Yithout waiting to say. a word, Major meroy. hurried to the main entrance of the hotel, where ho found James, the waiter, as siduously' brushing some imaginary dust from 1 the collar of a pleasant- faced young mnn. ' ' V ''There, there, make haste," ho was saying to 'the waiter," I shall not get to the station Wtime if I don't'hurry." /uThe Major went up to him, and slightly lift ed his hat. - - - i : . - "Mr. Ashley, 'I believe." it ; .. "That Is my name, but I. have no. time to slop. now. I must be at the station by twelve- fcrty." . . - - .'1 am- afraid I must ask.you to liBtenjo ine hi the first, place," . Gerald was on the point of resentingvhat sfcemd an impertinence, but something in the Major's face restrained him. . "What is the nature of your business? he, asked sharply. v. . .y ' L "It Is public business. .1 am Chief Qonstable for this division of tho County." . . Gorald started, and Major Pomeroy noticed that lie turnad.. pale. "Yell?" ' he - asked, quietly. - - - "I. think our Interview liad better be W"e private. Can you take me to .your bed- rIf you like," "said Gerald, '.wheeling roupd, and leading, the. way, upstairs. . ; . The bedroom was. In the hands df; the cnamr bermald, who was standing with a pail or soapy watqv in her hand in the middle of the rcom. "Wo wish -to be alone for a few moments, my good girl," said the Chief G maid, a'nnoyed at being disturbed in the mid dle of her work, to&ssd; her head and movea. towards the door, gathering the towels from the towel-rail in her left hand as she passed. Major Pomeroy, who was still looking at her, .noticed that one of.the towel3 she was carry ing off was marked with bloodstains. He glanced at the water in the pail. It wus d cidedly of a red tinge. , Wft nt "Just put down these things and at once," he said to the' chambermaid; ond the. girl, who knew him by sight, put down the pall, threw the towels on the washstnnd and vanished. The Major bolted the door aftei her. and turning, faced Ashley. . i. "Please understand, said he, that at Pr® sent I bring no charge against you. But it may become necessary that I should do so. It is possible, therefore,1 thnf your answers, if you choose to answer my questions, may be used against you. At the same time. C you are an innocent mnn, you should be glad to further the ends'of justice by replying to my a"Oh!IUcnow all about that," said Gerald, with a little impertinent laugh, I have been Cn''Oh, indeed! "sald the Major, drily. This made hint feel rather less (it Ills ense. hut hi- took care not to show it. ell, in the first place, can you explain this? , L C , . Constable pointed to the stains on the el, and the' blood-stained water In the pall. ; ' "Easily enough,"- said Gerald, oalmli, i out myself this morningwhen shaving. "I- see , no sign 'Of a cut, -said - the MaJOL , quietly, scrutinising' - the young' nian s smoothly-shaven chin. .. .. . , "I didn't say I cut my chin," said Gerald, sharply, and with heightened colour. It was my finger. I did It when stropping' my ra z or. ' "I hope It- was not a bad ;cut, said the Major, politely. "May I look at it . ' Somewhat unwillingly, as It- seemed to Ma jor Pomeroy, Gerald pulled his left hand out of his trousers pocket.- and unwound a strip, of linen, apparently torn from a handker chief, from one of. Ills fingers, which he held out,for inspection. There was a slight wound on the middle finger. The skin was torn. It had evidently b'!ed freely, but the bleeding had been stop ped. 1 "No razor made that cut," was the' Major's inward comment, buf he said notli- A sudden thought occurred to him. \- ' "I am afraid I must ask you to remain where you are for a few minutes," he said. = Gerald considered for a moment -or two .what he should do, and tlion said — "As you know, I have a right to demand that I should he either formally arrested or 'let alone. But I waive that point. I only wish tq say this, that- If you are acting un der. the 'Instructions' of a certain person, that person had better take care what he Is about. My tongue Is tied, and no doubt he counts up'on that. ..But tho truth may- come out against imy. will, even without, my knowledge. And In' that case It wlllhe a thousand times worse for him than for me. That is all I have to sn;'." 'Gerald went and flung himself down on a "couch at the other end of the room; while tho Major looked ot him with an amazement that he could -not 'quite conceal. For, how or why should it be worse for Mr. Johnson than for him? It occurred to him that tho young man must he insane. But that point, he -snid to himself, might bo looked into Inter. For the present he would not allow Ashley's Wild words to turn him from his course. Leaving a constable at the door of Gerald's room, with instructions that he was to nllow no one to go either out or in. he went down stairs, and found the manager in his room. "Come upstairs with me," he said, abrupt ly, and the manager obeyed him. They went to Mullen's room, unlocked the door, and entered. Tliev had already examined the rcom, but Major Pomeroy resolved that he would make another personal Inspection , of everything within the four walls of the apart- rncnt— a more minute examination than the former one had boon. ' And now he had a definite thing to seek for. He was soon rewarded. The hasp of the df.nd man's portmanteau jvas broken— whe ther it had been lately forced or not the Ma- Joe was not skillc-d enough to say— and the Iron presented a jagged edge. And there wer» dark stains on the dull yellow leather. The Major pointed out these marks to his companion, and then opeuhd the port manteau. It contained nothing of any lm- V.orlnnce— only wearing apparel, things for 1 Re toilet, and a few unimportant papers. But what the Mnjor was looking for was there for all to soc. Several of the linen ar ticles were smeared with blood. And an carefully turning over the papers tho Major started, and gave an involuntary cry of satisfaction.. For on one of them there was the elonrly-lmpressed print of a man's thumb in hlooil. Tho stain was of course quite dry; end the Mnjor. after thinking a moment, crossed to the mnntol-plece, emptied the matches cut of the mntch-tiox which he found there, and then having folded the mor sel of naper so that it would go Into the jnnteh'ibox. lie fixed it there, in such a way that it iould not move, while the stain Itself was beneath the level of the top of the box-. When the oilier part of the box was Bllpped over it, tho stain was entirely protected. (to uk cor-'Ti'xirr.n. i 