A TRUDGE THROUGH THE OVENS V ;TJjE.Y. by swagman, in the ''leader." We left the Valley of. the Upper King, where we had been cockying, t.o hnd .em ployment on the Dargo High Plains with a miscellaneous swag, artistically lashed on to a raw-boned old horse. He appeared to the eye anything but ntueu iul expedition so late in dife, but rather n. sorro wful spectacle of silent remonstrance, which appealed to the cpriscience for tak ing ihirti away from what nature evident y intended should have. been his last testing- place. Bates1 ancl I were tired'bf cockymg. It did not; suit us, and we pined for a fresh existence. The wild and romantic ideas that we held concerning the gold fields, seemed to draw our footsteps lire- sistibly in ; that- direction, so one fine morning in February we parted company with the valley and our friends, and stepped out with the road and the world i before us to realise our dreams, lii was in the: afternoon of the second day that aye ; trudged .along past Merriang Station in the heat and; dust, and over the Gap, where .we obtained the first glimpse of .Mvrtleford nestling in the valley amongst its trees, about three miles away in front, with tlie Ovens River winding iilong below as, and the Buffalo Mountains rising abruptly out "of the valley on our right. Descending from the Gap, over a steep bit of rugged road, we forded the Ovens River wherethe Buffalo Greek runs in; then over the railway line, reaching tho outskirts of Myrtleford.about an hour before sundown, and camped on the banks of the Ovens, just below a patch of old alluvial work ings. After a refreshing bathe and a bit of supper, we strolled, into cue town fo buy provisions, then baclc-.to ciimp to sleep away the tiredness which the unaccustomed tramping had produced. The following day being Sunday; we lazed all day on our backs, and in tlie river, the only variation being another swaggy paying us a visit, seemingly to relieve himself of all the information he was overflowing with and to cadge a stick of tobacco. In the morning we were again ready for the road, and passed through the town of Myrtle- ford with the admiring gaze of the popu lace centred on the old horse, for he was an attractive sight as he dawdled along with his miscellaneous burden, utterly regardless of the running fire of comment that he was raising at our expense. Some thing over three miles further on we passed through Ovens ale, a quiet little place containing a railway station, and a post with a long signboard to inform the wanderer of the presence of the Happy Valley Hotel. Nearly . everyone we met we accosted to inquire the nature, of the road and distance to the next place, and the variety of answers and different opinions was quite astonishing and very confusing, but it afforded us quite a fund of amusement along the road. All up the -Ovens the scenery is splendid. Wooded hills on either side, and in the valleys rich pastures by the winding river, with patches of green timber along its verduit banks, dotted here and there with home steads robed in a drapery of orchards, and rising abruptly on the western side of the "Valley is the snow-scored rugged Buffalo, which stands out a grand feature in the landscape with its bold outlines and great rugged faces of bare roclc, where the thawing snows of winter have scored it out into deep lines and hollows, leaving only foothold for the shadows and a rock-bound road for clouds. Every mile or so we would pass by houses on the roadside surrounded by well-trimmed orchards, whose branches overhung the house and roadway, laden with tempting fruit, which made our dry mouths water. We would have walked beneath them by the road fence but for the fact that the residents of the Valley high road have developed the bad habit of planting the outer row with either quince or sour damsons. They evidently doubted the good intentions of thetra veiling public. After a seemingly end ; ess morning's tramp we entered the little township of Eurobin, which looked lonely and worn resting on its little bit of rising ground. It seemed as if it had known trouble by its remnants of fences, dilapidated and tired looking houses and the battered in windows of the old school house. Alto-' gether it was a sorry looking picture, without energy. Five miles further on we trudged into Porepunkah, where everything was neatly and smartly kept. There was a little store near the railway station, with effervescing drinks on the counter, where dry and dusty throats could quench their thirst. The old horse travelled very slowly, and no amount of stick or language seemed to make any difference in his pace ; so we uave him his way and saved our combined energies to forcibly get him under way again when he stood still or wanted to lie down. Take it all round, though, we could not complain of him in the condition that he was for he did his best and served as a fly trap for all the flies on the Ovens road. They would not even look our way, which suited us, though it- wa< rather discouraging to see the manner the crows followed him. They would fly round and eye him, then make seeming calculations, and fly on in front to some tree and wait. ' Early in the afternoon on the outskirts of Bright we came to a large patch of blackberries growing on the roadside, and what was better, they wove ripe. ' We re galed ourselves for fully halt an hour, and felt a lot better for it. Just on the edge of the town of Bright st.aiids a pretty little house where a thirsty travel ler can buy agoodbottle of wine made from the flourishing little vineyard which clambers and twines up the hillside at the back of the house. Bright is the largest mining town on the Ovens River, and is situated in one of the narrowest portions of the valley. It is a verv comuact little town, and has grown as wide as the valley iviil allow, but it can still grow lengthwise if it feels inclined. The land immediately round the town looked very bare and burnt up, which gave it a rather barren appearance after the green places we had passed through .farther down, but prob ably we saw it at a disadvantage. We passed on through the town and' pitched our camp down near the river, had a bath and made an excellent meal with a loaf of bread and a bottle of wine which we had procured at the little establishment at the entrance of the town. Bates said it wis what the Italians lived on, hut whether thev lived or died on it. it was onnrl -m . i we enjoyed it thoroughly after tramping all day along the dusty road with very little to eat, but blackberries since break fast. Our meal over, wo took a walk rquhd the town and bought provisions enough to last uutil we reached Harriet- ville on the morrow ; also a 10 by 12 tent, for until this time" we had nothing between us and the stars when we lay down at njght. .Leaving Bright in the moraine after;a most refreshing bathe in the river" the valley opened out again as we slowly but , surely left the miles behind us. Though the sun blazed down through a cloudless blue, the sun was not oppressive, for the road was shaded . most of the way to, . Harrietyille, almost like- ah Eneibh lane._ It only needed- a little stretch of imagination to turn the gums into elms f.n( beeches, the lighter - scrub in to black fchora and hazel, and the' blackberrks which grow in great profusion all alo'u" the road completed. the transformation scene A,- aG??er-0f- t'be prettiest walks irhagiri- ible. Now crossing a brid«e. we wnniri a cleltciouslittlegliinpseof tlie river flowing along . between its brooded banks,- with" its light and riiacle, ;tumbling. joyously-in the gleams of sunshine, and playing with the boulders, then on into the lirown shado ws where for a moment it would -pretend to weav ly serious ail-; onlj' tp break but again into rippling laughter in some little whirl ing eddy, wherp the sunlightishot. another gleapi ac rossi ts .downward wind in way.- qn to a -tur n iii the road,: where ' the (rees parted, making a frame for a picture of the .valley; / with; its. green fields and bid ii'g v!?,qes .,(?ve!Krown with blackberries, the little village o f Freel uirg, in 'all its pic- turesqueness in the middle distance Jusl beyond and awaybbehihd itnllrose'the grand outline of the wooded v hills, and Feathertopycoatrasting againatitheir blue and- purple, with a warm rose/it.. i„ „ reached from, the summit half v-i® a ' its side, where it melted into th» a- ?Wn blue and purple of the hills Ye -Snt a walk long to be remembered Was exquisite bits of scenery, and R-»J ,lU as we trudged alpng behind the' taiVof ' K old horse, .were building the castl c e future, which reflected all tlm , 0Ut colors of the landscape, and were 1 ' impossible as a ghost sucking' bard' bofled "HavrietviHe had been described to by a B righto tuan as "Not a bad i:,n place, rather pretty and scattered hJl . nothing: compared to Bright/ vV.ff t-e « We /found 'Harrietville both scattered !' , pretty also thriving all „„ its 0,.n J enough bullion coming out of its min s l keep its population m a constant sta,e ' bustle and energetic enterprise. We f,;i , to obtain work there in the short ' £ that we allotted for inquiry, so misl1PS over the Dividing Range to7 Dar a d h'" High PI, ins, „l,ere M great things were expected, and „e„"k were already straining their listening, the first rumbling of the comina By the time we had climbed to the to,,f the Dividing Range the old lmr.se Ind had about enough of it for one day w .h the long climb and the heavy load ' stabled him at Boustead's, on the' t0Dri Mount Bernard, and camped for tlienioht on the breezy heights of the s0llther, Alps. We. spread the tent on the -round and robing ourselves up in our blankets we fell asleep, while the smoke from the camp' fire curled silently upwards thromdi the gnarled twisted branches of the sfiunted snow gums, which rose fr rocky roots, holding gliostlyand misshapen objects in the fire light, tellin- their silent tales of , rough usa-e in the winter's storms and snows. Early in the morniu- we were again on the road which contrasted strongly with the flat metalled road 0f tha valley, though this was metalled too. but the stones were loose, sharp edged and tiresome for the feet. The country U A\\\ Silurian formation, with plenty .if indica tions of gold bearing reefs, and some day in the near future these hills will be opened up more than they are at present and will become a great source uf profit for the prospector, for it is the watershed of the Dargo, Ovens and lots of smaller alluvial streams which have been and are still worked for the coarse -old that fetches £4 odd an ounce. Twelve miles from Boustead's, over hills and hollows of slate and sands' one, y u ascend a hill a few hundred feet above the rest and cotne suddenly upon a bisalt formation lying on the top of of the silurian rock, with a gent-le slope toward the south. This is the nort iern ex tremity of the Dargo H igh Plains, iliou-h they are disconnected by river- and deep ravines. These plains are an ancient river bed, and can he followed for many miles in an unbroken chain. It is between the basalt and the silurian rock that the old river wash is buried, from a varying depth of 300 feet. I'hc wash contains gold, and good gold too, from what L have seen of it, but as yet it is an unknown quantity, for the little work that lias been done there has only been on the outer most edges for 100 feet or so on the river. Now the liver lied is in a fair way to be tested, as a diamond drill is in operation, and will put down hires through the basalt formation at intervals across tha whole breadth of the plain. I'lie plains themselves are covered over with patches of snow scrub and a thick swa-d of grass, which seems to be preserved from one year's end to the other by the snow, mak ing it soft and springy to walk on. Bates and I made a lengthened slay there, and the old horse put considerable flesh -n his bones, but in the end we nearly got cleaned out. Take it all round, the Daren High Plains were not a mine of wealth to us, though we had varied experiences during our sojourn. How we eventually left, and of our future wanderings, with the last mouth at Starvation Camp, di-- touch ing d oath-bad scene, of the old horse, and the rise we at last made in Harrietvilleon the Gilded Crown, is another story. 