Baptism and the Relation of the Church to Baptised Children. A paper read by the Bev. C. J. Prescott, M.A;j. at the Ministers' Monthly Meeting, ' Centenary Hall, Monday Sep. 9th, 1899\. : The religion of our Lord Jesus Christ is pre-eminently spiritual, not ritualistic. Nevertheless, He commanded two simple acts of ritual to be observed to the end of the ages. This places the Sacra ments in a unique position. Christ ordained them, therefore, whether we understand them fully or not, we should, observe them. We may not understand their raison d'etre, we may be divided a& to their exact significance, some may think they denote more than, in fact, they do, others less. But whatever we think, it is our duty to observe them, loyally, and so to teach in the congrega tions. In the long run, a divine wisdom will manifest itself, for wisdom is' justified of her children. And here we observe we are between two fires. On the one side we are faced by a mighty historical tendency to1 exalt them to an unwarrantable placeJ The Eoman Catholic Church and the* Greek Church make them almost tihe sole channels of grace. They invest, them with a sanctity so peculiar that, everything else falls into comparative nificance. On the other hand, the iris'g Society of Friends, most estimable. people, reject them altogether, so, I be lieve, does the Salvation Army, and there is a strong tendency in our own Church and in some others to do the same, arising from two opposite causes. The one ia the indifference of neglect. Many people are content to ignore the positive command. The other ia the exaltation of the supposed spiritual at the expense of the Sacramental. Many people are disposed to think that the highest form of worship is a successful evangelistic meeting, or a hearty fellow ship meeting. Far be it from me to deny the value of these, but the tendency to rate low other Christ appointed means of grace is a mis chievous one, and I am quite sure that wise scriptural evangelists will be among the first to admit that it is so, and to guard against it. Now let it be clearly laid down that the position our Church occupies is one of mediation between these two extremes. The Council of Trent defined the doc trine for the R.O. Church, fixed the ritual, which included the blessing of the water, exorcism, chrism, the wear ing of a white garment. Lutheranism makes baptism oidinarily necessary to salvation. The Anglican Formularies areas a whole a combination of -the Lutheran and the Eeformed. On the other hand, the Baptists reject infant baptism utterly, and insist on immer sion, and some believers, as we have seen, reject the sacraments altogether. The words of the 'Westminster Con fession come very near expressing the view that many of us would accept : — ' Although it be a great sin to contemn or neglect this ordinance, yet grace and salvation are not so inseparably annexed to it, as that no person can be regener ated or saved without it, or that all that are baptzed are undoubtedly regener ated. The efficacy of baptism is not tied to that moment wherein it is ad ministered ; yet, notwithstanding, by the right use of this ordinance, the grace promised is not only offered, but really exhibited aiid conferred by the Holy Ghost to such (whether of age or infants) as that grace belongeth unto, according to the counsel of God's own -will, in His appointed time.' The doctrine of the Methodist Church is a mediating doctrine, as I have said. Some statements incline to a high view. Wesley says, in his sermon on the 'New Birth' — 'It is certain our Church supposes that all -who are baptized in their infancy are at the same time born again.' ' Nor is it an objection of weight against this, that we cannot comprehend how this work can be wrought in infants, for neither can we comprehend how it is wrought in a person of riper years.' 'But whatever be the case with infants, it is sure all of riper years who are baptized are not at the eame time born again.' Watson says, 'It secures, too, the gift of the Holy Spirit in those secret spiritual influences by which the actual regenera tion of those children who die in infancy is effected.' - Banks says, ' Circumcision was the sign and seal of a covenant of spiritual blessings. . . . The application to Baptism is obvious. In the use of water the truth signified is still clearer. Augustine calls a sacrament a verbum visible. It preaches the whole Gospel to the eye. Sin in its guilt and indwelling is defilement, forgiveness and sanctifica tion are cleansing. Baptism declares the divine source of the cleansing. . . To call it a mere recognition is plainly too little. It is a ceremony without which the official character is incom plete. The right may be inherent on other grounds, but it is formally declared and ratified.' Dr. Pope says, ' Baptism is an ordinance appointed by our Lord to be the rite of initiation into the new oovenant of grace, and fellowship of its Mngdom, being the sign and seal of the blessings of that covenant conferred upon those who thereby avow their accep tance of the one condition of faith in -Jesus Christ with its obligations. It is the sacrament of union with ?Christ, of pardon and renewal through the Gospel, and of membership in His church, being the outward and visible sign of the sealing of the Holy Ghost, Who is the interior bond of communion between the believer and the Lord, the Agent in imparting that forgiveness and regeneration of which the washing of water is the sign and the Sanctifier of the people af God.' Baptism being a ceremony belongs to the region of symbolism, and rqust to some extent be interpreted in that light. However, much we may deplore and denounce the extravagances to which this is carried in some quarters, we cannot denounce the thing itself ; how ever much abused, the use is not destroyed. The marriage ring, the coronation ceremony, the swearing-in of a new Governor, or a new judge, the opening of Parliament, the wearing of garments, badges, decorations, blue ribbons, white ribbons, and the like, all these things are Illustrations of the same great fact that wherever you find human beings, white or black, savage or civilised, you always find this tendency to the use of symbols. In almost every instance they are not absolutely neces sary. A wedded wife is a wife whether f-he wears a ring or not. Our Queen became Queen the instant the breath left the body of William IV ; the fidelity of a Governor iB assured long before he takes the oath; a hero is a hero whether he gets the Victoria Cross or not ; a judge is a judge before he puts on his scarlet robes, and a Christian Endeavourer is an Endeavourer whether he wears the C.E. badge or not. But it is found convenient to declare certain things to the world ; whether simple or complex, society everywhere demands it. By such declarat:on solemn pledges are publicly announced and man being what he is, he is enabled to maintain those pledges or live out the character assigned him, all the better because he knows that many eyes watch him, and expect a certain line of action. Consider for a moment the wearing of the blue ribbon. To put this on a drunkard's coat will not make him a sober man ; all the colours of the rainbow will not do that. But suppose he has ended his drunken bout, comes to him self, sees his folly, signs the pledge, and then puts on the blue ribbon, what then? It will not act as a talisman such that he will drink no longer. He may break his word and relapse into his old ways. Yet many a man has been helped by it. It tells his friends and neighbours that he has taken a fresh stand, he is kept from moving back into his old haunts, and the symbol becomes to him a valuable aid. So it is with Baptism. The religion of Christ is pre-eminently spiritual. It is inward, not outward. Its home is the soul, not the body. Nothing that is merely bodily can affect the spirit within. And to catch heathen children as some Eoman Catholic missionaries are said to have done, to baptize them without their own or their parents' con sent is a useless thing. Yet this symbolical act may be supposed to have at least as much practical utility as other symbols have in other cases. If these have a distinct bearing upon our actions in every other department of life — and we have seen that they have — we may on the lowest grounds expect that this symbol may mean as much and may bring as much practical good as any other symbolical rite brings in other cases. We may, of course, expect far more. Considering Who the author of the rite is, considering the infinite value of the thing signified, considering that the Holy Trinity, in whose name the child is baptized, ispre sent, we may feel confident that all the elements are present that give profound significance to the act. But at present it is sufficient to rely on the argument from analogy. An important point raised by the consideration of Infant Baptism is the question of Free Will or Necessitarian ism. If man's will be absolutely free, it might seem to follow that the Baptists must be right in their con tention that Baptism must be postponed until a child reaches such maturity of age as shall enable him to give a definite deliverance as to his wish or his unwillingness to be a Christian and to be in any way admitted to the Church. But now, whatever theory we hold on the subject, the practice of all mankind rejects the idea of treating a young child as a free agent. We do not ask a child whether he prefers to go to school or not. Nor do we let him choose the hour at which he shall go to bed. Whether he have free will or not, we do not allow him to exercise it in any such matter. And what is the result ? We establish a certain habit in the child's life, and in scores of instances the habits we thus encourage are maintained to the last. The promise still stands, however much ex perience compels us to qualify it : ' Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it.' Yet still the freedom is not destroyed, for in later years it may assert itself not for the things we wished, but in direct and defiant contra diction. If we believe that the will of man is not free, then the doctrine of infant baptism would seem to rest on very strong foundations .indeed, for this would mean that we are able to enforce our will upon a child's mind, and to baptize him is to take a step tliat com pels him to come in. But few amongst us would care to rest the case for infant baptism on this ground. On so large a question I will not enter at length, but will merely state my own conviction, which is this : Man's will is potentially free throughout his life, but his potential freedom is not always used. Much of what he does is done automatically, just like his breath ing. Much is done because he copies the example of those about him, almost unconsciously dropping into it. Much more is done, not because he wishes to do it, but because the effort to exercise his freedom is too great. And much be sides is done, because having done a thing in a certain way once, he is pre pared and finds it easier to do it in the same way again. It is not that he consciously determines to do these things ; that would be a definite act of willing. But he does them almost without thinking. Hence a large part of our life is settled for us by our en vironment. We are what our fathers were or our countries are ; and just as the Arctic bears and foxes are white, and Bengal tigers striped, to match their surroundings, so we take the colour of the men, the institutions, the opinions, the purposes round about ub. Now it is just here, as I think, that infant baptism finds part of its amplest justification. We bring to bear on the unresisting little body ; in our faith we bring to bear, too, on the dormant soul the impact of a Christian rite, the force of prayer and hope and solemn conse cration. This little life must by- and-by be the arbiter of its own destinies, but in the meantime it is as clay in the hands of the potter, and in order to fashion it as we should wish, and as a step towards helping it to consciously resolve to take that stamp itself, we give it up in faith to the Father that begot it, to the Saviour that died for it, to the Holy Spirit that shall brood over it, to the Church that shall nurture it. Furthermore,- it may be safely urged that even supposing that the will moves wi.h conscious and unrestrained free dom, it is all the more necessary to bring right motives to bear upon it. Whether it obeys them or not is another question. What we can only partially (or not at all) control, but we are responsible for the production of the motive. Now we all know that the supreme motives governing the Christian life are the love of God, the hatefulness of sin, and the practical effect on the soul of the sacrifice of the Redeemer, and these we do well to exalt to a prominent position. But the Gospel teaching does not disdain other motives, such as the love of parents, the example of godly companions, the stimulus of good books. In fact, the more influences of a right kind we bring to bear the better, seeing that we know not whether shall prosper either this or that, or whether they both shall be alike good. Now amongst these we should surely 1 class the effect of an infant baptism. I And this has in its favour that it h an 1 official public act, and such as those we 1 know have a peculiar and special force 1 upon the minds of men. The appeal § takes this form: — ' You were baptised when you were an unconscious infant. Your parents said, by that act, that so far as they could control your life, they gave it back to God. The Church said, ' We recognise this child as given us to nurture ; we have been cherishing it with all our power.' God Almighty I solemnly guaranteed to do all that He 1 could do (I say it reverently) short of I absolute compulsion. It remains for 1 you to ratify, by your own choice, what I is done, or rather, it impresses upon 1 you the dread responsibilisy of cancelling 1 what your truest friends have done for 1 you. And seeing what is at stake, you 1 will not lightly do that.' I say again, 1 impressive as such an appeal is, it comes 1 short still of those divine callings that 1 come from the Master's Cross. Yet it i is an appeal of a most potent character. I God help us all to use it upon our I children with effect. 1 Eg (To be concluded next issue.) I 