THE CHURCH. CHURCH NEWS. The board of nomination for St. Luke's Anglican Church, North Fiteroy, will meet on Friday, 16th inet., to select a successor to the Ifite Rev. George Armstrong. The Rev. W. J. Eddy, pastor of*one of the Baptist churches inGeelong, , has ac cepted a call to the pastorate of the Taber nacle, Launceston, vacant by the resigna tion of the Rev, G. Wainwright, who is returning to England. Some time ago the Rev. J. Mathie, of Vic toria, went to Suva, Fiji, to minister to the Presbyterian congregation there. On Mon day, at the meeting pf the Presbytery of jUeiljourne South, a call for Mr. Mathie's permanent services was sustained, and he was declared duly inducted. 'J he Rev. Dr. Guinness Rogers, of the Con gregational Church, Chapham, London, pro poses to resign in the Butnmer of next year, and the church has unanimously invited the ]U>v. Baldwin Brindley, of Nottingham, to succeed him. Mr. Brindley has been in Nottingham since 1884, and has a church of about 900 members. Owing to the death of the Rev. Dr. J. A. j?purpcon, who, as vice-president of the Bap tist Union of Great Britain, would have moved up this year to the presidential chair, it was necessary at the recent annual meetings of the union to elect a president. After careful deliberation, the council agreed unanimously to Bubmit the name of the ]iev. Charles Williams, of Accrington, hut as he felt unable to accept the position, the name of the Rev. Dr. John Clifford (re cently a visitor to Australia) was sub mitted, and was carried with only one or two dissentients, the Assembly rising "with enthusiastic cheering in sign of approval." The Kev. William Cuflf, of Shoreditch Ta beinacb', was elected vicfc-president. The Rev. Henry Braddock having ac cented a position in connection with a mission in England, "the Bishop of Mel bourne lias appointed Mr. Campbell, stipendiary reader at Dean's Marsh, to suc ceed Mr. Braddock at JJtoadford. \ present of a purs® of sovereigns was made ou Monday to . the Rev. George Sutton, B.I)., late precentor of St. Pauls Cathedral, Melbourne* by. the members of the Cathedral stalL and other friends, on his removal to Christ -Church, Castle maiiie. - The Rev. Father OConnell, of Hay, celebrated the twenty-fifth anniversary of his ordination on May 31, and was the recipient of several presentations, includ ing an illuminated address and a purse of sovereigns. Coadjutor-Bishop Gallagher, of the Goul burn Roman Catholic diocese, was also presented with an address and a purse of sovereigns on the occasion of a recent official visit to Taralga, where he was sta tioned as a priest nearly 30 years ago. Similar tokens of esteem have been re ceived by the llev. Father Barrett from the Roman Catholics of Clunes and Smea ton, together with a travelling' bag from the pupils of the Clunes Roman Catholic rIIOOI. and by the Rev. A. M'Donald from (lie Presbyterian congregation, at Morwell, (jippsland. The ladies of the First Church (Presby terian), Dunedin, N.Z., have presented their minister, the Rev. James Gibb (at one time of Victoria), with a beautiful juilnit gown and cassock, and Mrs. Gibb villi a handsome easy chair. The Kcv. Dr. Gunn, the Rev. J. D. and Mrs. Tandels and child, Mr. and Mrs. Maiistield. Mrs. Frank Patoh and child, and Miss Alice M'Kenzie left Sydney for the Xew Hebrides on the 1st inst. Mre. (?'unn is remaining for a time to:look after lit-r children. ( A portrait of the Rev. Dr. George Brown, the genial and highly esteemed general niis-ionary secretary of the Wesleyan Me tiiodist Church," is published in the last number (June 1) of "The Presbyterian" (Sydney 1. J be Bishop of Gloucester, Dr. Ellicott, is Ml years of age, and is the only living bishop who was appointed by Lord Palmer fton- He has held the See of Gloucester tor 3G years, or 17 years longer than any other bishop. ,v' 'lc t'?v- fc. S. Brookes, late pastor of the ""'"cbine Baptist Church, New Zealand, a 11 , '!lonth, aged 88. He arrived in Auckland in 1855, but did not enter the ministry until some years after that date. By the death of the Rev. George Arm strong, St. Luke's Anglican Church, North itzroy, liaB been deprived of its minister, -ur. Armstrong's funeral was attended bv representative gathering which i estified to the high esteem in which lie was j A'i the neighbouring clergy were pre nt, and a fine address was given by Arch n^v0!1 ,Lan.eley,,who wag intipiatelyac Vears w'th Sir. Armstrong for many The committee of St. Paul's Cathedral w ,..C0ln,mitt?e appointed by the Bal / liui-ch Assembly have "agreed to «ork together as far as possible, to raise fi memonai to the late Archdeacon Stretch. "ugcstion has been made to erect a H.itue in some public place in Ballarat. Dm i r we Pour* our oil and vine for ji1'V!|aIinf of wounds there 1s no need ino i t >. ,w»»e*hould both be scald ~The hte Dr- J- A. Spur c-f'"r Rev. Rainsford Bavin, organising Wan °«th^ £ew So»th Wales Wes I'im.i l Centaury Commemoration the it -'.i j ,vcry successful meetings in sy'sa-tfia* ** ^ pr° Arni'v ®ra.'?lwcU"Booth, of the Salvation dWI'ites:- Abuse has often spelled 0np f f nie"t °f the most valuable order, with i"ourfCa»adlan officers, being pelted llV an err «nu ***$» widen% She caSSt8? ? oineinHo / ttl*m converted them into thev If, ^ .aha lieutenant," and time." amajangly^uting a hard Keel i''e, ,Mn» Dioeeaan FestivaJ last "leans 1*eaconGunther proposed as one the "P ° co®inemorating theopening of >"ad-?' SSd be BUe over £10 ? vT ' "Day of Universal cliurchpa lr ? observed by the various Sfi/VTOSd linn »'im proposes that Uisc uul bc mi P&y; of Unhw^EtaE,^ The Ardbiahon ^^i^^^iJh^- * circular to the clergy in his diocese request ing them to urge those who come under their ministrations and influence to make special intercession to Almighty God that the issue of the federation vote in New South Wales on the 20th inst. may be over ruled for the true and lasting welfare of this country and for - the glory of His name. ? i At the last meeting of the committee of the Melbourne and Suburban City Mission it was reported that the missionaries had attended at the Presbyterian Dorcas So ciety, Toorak, and the Hawksburn Presby terian Church, at both of which places they were cordially received, and much interest was taken in the accounts given of their work among the poor of the city and suburbs. The record of work shows that during the month 738 hours were spent in paying 1,234 visits from house to house, as well as 208 special visits to the sick and dying. Sixty-two religious services were conducted, at which there was an estimated attendance of 3,000 persons. Sixty-one families have been materially assisted. Homes were provided for live destitute children, as well as a variety of other benevolent services rendered. Two interesting services in connection with the Church Army will be conducted by the Bishop of Melbourne on Friday, 16th inst. At a quarter^past 4 p.m. the van given to the Army by Mr. James Griffiths for mission and colpprtage work will be dedicated outside St. Paul's Oatlie- j dral, and at a quarter to 5 p.m., in the I Cathedral, the second set of men who have passed the prescribed course of train ing will be commissioned as officers of the Army. Bishop Julius, of Christchurch, New Zea land, "would just as soon have a man a Mohammedan, every bit as soon, as that he should become a dull, unreal, uncon verted Christian." "A good Mohamme dan," he adds, "is a better thing than a bad Christian." The Rev. W. R. Cunningham, of St. John's Presbyterian Church, Hobart, has commenced meetings for men only, wliich, if carried out on the lines of the first night's gathering, may, says the "Mer cury," be aptly termed "Pleasant Monday Evenings." Ihe meetings are specially in tended for the working classes who do not attend church services, and consist of reci tations, Bongs, addresses, &c.; At a large meeting recently held in the Mansion-house, London, under the presi dency of the Lord Mayor, and "chiefly com posed of society ladies," who had assembled to hear something of the social work of the Salvation Army, Mr. Cecil Rhodes spoke highly of General Booth, and handed Mr. Bramwell iJooth a cheque for £200, "a practical testimony to the work that is done in the remote portion of the empire which he has made his home." Referring to this meeting, a London re ligious journal reports:-"llardly a 'Halle luiah' was heard during the afternoon, even when Mrs. Bramwell Booth spoke with .some emotion, but an exclamation of 'Great Scott!' was heard from a fashion ably-attired auditor when it was announced that out of his slender purse a Salvationist had given £5 to the social funds." In connection with the jubilee of th» Australian Board of Church of England Missions it is proposed that an effort be made to raise the balance of the amount necessarv for the formation of a new dio cese in North Australia, so that the first bishop of North Australia may be conse crated at the conclusion of the next general synod. The sum of £10,000 is required, and towards this over £6,000 has already been given. r , Mr. Moody is not only a successful evangelist; he knows also how to draw money from men's pockets for any good cause he advocates. A gentleman who was at one of his meetings thus reports the collection:-''All that are in favour of this work," cried Mr. Moody, "hold,up your hands." It looked like a field of wheat as hands shot up all over the audience. "Now put them right down into your pockets, and give something towards it." This came like the snap of a whip; the hands Tyent into the pockets; the baskets, as they were passed about, were filled with silver and bills. There were many bills of large denominations. Mr. Moody himself passed a hat about On the platform and to the choir loft above. "If you're a believer in silver, give silver," he called, "and if you believe in gold, give gold." The London "Christian World" thus re ports "that part of the Rev. Dr. Parker's sermon at the Cromwell Tercentenary cele bration in which his strong condemnation of the Sultan occurred:-"When I hear that the Kaiser goes to the East, and in an after-dinner speech says, 'Sly friend the Sultan,' I am astonished.' The con gregation burst into angry hisses at the reference to the Sultan. Dr. Parker con tinued:-"He may have been the Kaiser's friend-he is not yours, nor mine, nor God's. Down with this thing! Let every voice be heard on thiB matter. When li think of the men and the women and the little ones who were cut up, of the wombs that were ripped open, and the children who were tossed on the point of bayonets, I say the Sultan may have been the Kaiser's friend, but in the name of the Father-in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost-«peaking of the Sultan, not as a man, but as the Great Assassin, I say"-the doctor rapped out the words with a terrific emphasis that evoked the wildest cheering-"God, damn the Sultan." This energetic imprecation seemed to paralyse the audience, and a pressman representing a London daily put down his pencil to cheer, ana said to his neighbour, "I hafe been longing to hear that for a long time." . The publication in some Victorian journals of an extract from a letter written by the Rev. Hecto^Ferguson to the Mora inir Light." the leading Swedenboreian paper in fengland. has revive*! interest in his case. In this letter, dated January, 11. 1809\. Mr. Ferguson writes:- *1 began witu the study of the doctrines of Inspiration, the Trinity. Justification, Resurrection, &c.; Wheat felt that I had grasped these affectionately t ?he source of my newly-acquired faith, be lieving that to do so prematurely would mean defeat. For seven years I have § reached Swedenborgian doctrines after ie manner, as farasl can judge, of a New ~hurch minister/ Mr. Ferguson's ex anation is that, though lie didpreach awedenborgian doctrines for seven years. liia +f»i/4»ing "did not supersede the Con cession tUl 1895, and then I preached openly, and gave my accusers ample ftp-] a-- charge me with departing I ld&rds; if they thought fit/* ling committee ofSporgeon'i I Tabernacle have received an uniiolidt^'fctter, signed by Lord Overtoun, Lord Radstpck, Revs/Canon Flenmyr, Dr. 'Larai. Mujt GuyjPew^ IJr. Newman .11, ©c. Moflro Gibson, C. Garrett, a$d ! B. Vincent, and Messrs. G. Cadbury and T. A. Denny, .appealing to Ihe denomina tions they represent (Church of England, Presbyterian, Methodist, Congregational, and Baptist), to help the committee in rais ing the £8,000 which is required to enable the building to be opened free of debt. The London "Daily Mail" tells the fol-; lowing etory of the University College of | Wales:-A legacy was left to the college! for the foundation of a scholarship for a person of Welsh nationality, who should be neither a Unitarian nor a Roman Catholic. The college authorities, believing the con dition to be contrary to the provisions of their charter, applied to the Court of Chan cery for permission to apply the scholar ship without regard to the religious belief of the person holding it. Justice North, however, told them tnat they must either take the legacy with the condition or not at all, whereupon they declined to receive it, and it goes to the trustees of the Con gregational Chapel at AberyBtwith as resi duary legatees. The venerable Bishop of Minnesota, in an address on "Preaching," at the London Diocesan Conference, said:-"Fifty years ago I-was ordained. I suppose all will agree that at the time of a man's ordina tion he feels, as at no other time of his life, that he is possessed of theological lore. I'had one sermon that I considered the be&u; lHeal of a sermon. I brought it out on a special occasion, and expected great commendation, but a distinguished relative said to me, "Henry, if you live to be as old as Methuselah, I hope you will never preach that sermon again!' He pointed out to me that a man is a sinner, ana needs a Saviour, and that if I told tlie story of the Cross so as to make him long to come hearer to his Saviour that would be a profitable ministry. For 40 years as a bishop I have been travelling over prairies and preaching to various classes of men the poor, wild Indians, and the coloured men of tne south, and I have found that all hearts are alike, and that the gospel of Jesus Christ is the message for all." 