I . I . I Bow to Give Medicine to Don and dmti. Mix the medicine with "butter, lard., or some greasy substance, and wmA/vr the ' mixture from time .to time upon their noses. They at once begin licking off this unnatural substance.,with their, tongues, and ' in a few moments an*ef-^ fectual dose of the most nauseous com*-1 pound <^beewiiiitoter^r I 1 X»m» KvmkM hi «*. HWk I yrh«n the world w»a create ftntl ' b and i« surroundings composed of thr«a | tloiaents-air, water and land - the whole lighted by the sun, moos and ! stars. Adam had three sons mentioned by name, and so did Noah the patriarch, j Daniel was thrown into a den with three ; lions for the crime of praying three j times. Shadrach, Meshach and Abed I bego were rescued from the fiery fur Dace. Job had three special friends. There were three patriarchs-Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. Samuel was called three times; Elijah prostrated himself three times on the dead body of the child; Samson deceived Delilah three times be fore she discovered the secret of his great power, and the Ten Command ments were delivered on the third day. Jonah was three days and nights in the whale'6 belly. "Simon, lovest thou me?" was repeated three times. Paul makes mention of the Three Graces Faith, Hope and Charity. The famous allegorical dreams of the baker and but ler were to come to pass in three days. Then we have the Holy Trinity-Father, Son and Holy Ghost; the sacred letters on the cross were three in number, they being L H. S.; so also the famous Ro man motto was composed of three words -viz., In hocsigno.-St. Louis Republic. A. Tale of Two Barn** There was a man named Hibbs whj bought a form, built a large, stately dwelling at the end of a long, ehadj avenue of maples and settled down ty enjoy the comfort and independence of a farmer's life. He built a cozy little barn of logs and shingled it with clap boards. There was another man of the name of Hubbs who bought a farm in the same neighborhood, built a cozy little dwelling of logs, shingled it with clap boards and settled down to the hard, grinding monotony of a farmer's life. This man Hubbs built a large, stately barn at the end of a long, shady avenue of maples. At the end of ten years Hibbs' big house had broken him up, and Hubbs' big barn had enabled him to buy Hibbs' stately dwelling for about half price and move it over on his own farm. Hubbs has a big dwelling- pad a big barn and represents his county in the state legislature. Hibbs has a little log cabin and a little log stable and is try lug to sell out to Hubbs. He wants to ml' fiiTiniiitr Anil travel with a naddllncr wagon, -Toronto Mail.. 