HOUSE OF COMMONS MOST- The remvrkabie details published last week with regard to thegh6st' which is ailegei to haunt a portion of. the House of Commons, .have created: intense interest in all parts of the, country (says 4 M.A.P.') The appari-' tion, it will be remembered, has Ire-, quently made itself visibla in the : rooms of Mr. A. J. C. Milman, the assistant Clerk of the House, and takes the form of Mrs. Milman, but always appears, strange to say, in that lady's absence". A . sceptical reporter has taken the trouble to make a personal call on Mrs, Milman, only to find, of course, that the story is perfectly acsurate. 4 The funny thing about the stor}- is that it is perfectly true !' said Mrs, Milman. And then she told the sceptical reporter all about it. ' It has been going on for years/ she said. 4 People aie constantly telling me that they have seen me in places where I have certainly not been at the time they mention. One of my hobbies is bcok-binding. I have a binding room at the top of the house. One afternoon a friend J^as assisting me, and on taking his leave found me again on the other side of; the binding-room door. Quite taken aback—he said—he stood aside to let .my double pass ,in. I have never feed my double myself, but I have heard it. One night when I had jrist retired , to my bedroom I heard a noise outside the door, and made sure there was something there. I went out, aid found all the doors on the landing -open. I went .back and fastened my door by means of a night bolt, which is worked • by a rope from the bed. The handle ot the door was immediately turned, and the door pushed open again, the bolt being shot back. I again went out—and found nobody, there. Then I rang for two of the servants—my maid at the top of the house, aM the bufclei at the bottom. Asih'ey came to me 1 kiiew that they must intercept an/one on the stairs. My maid had seen nobody, but the butler had just met me comiug throngh the folding- duors of the bottom eorridor ! • One jf mj governesses some time ago left me simply because of meeting this strange sight so often. Only last Thursday (June 29th). a young lady who is staying in the house told me she had seen me somewhere where I had hot been. In answer to a question as to the age of the part of the building in which she resides, Mrs. Milman. replied that a strange feature of the ou3inos$ was that the building was comparatively moiern, e a very strauge choice of quarters for a ghost to make. It was rebuilt, ot course, in 1846. 4 Are yen not nervous with such a peculiar visitor about ?' the lady was asked. 4 Not ^ a* bit,' laughed Mrs, Milman. 4 It doesn't make tne least difference to me. I have got used to it. In fact, I have of;en tried to waylay the stranger, waiting for footsteps to come aloug I' Mrs. Milman added that the ghost's appearances have been going.on. for years, and" that it had b«en seen by many people besides those mentioned by her before. In fact, everybody seems to sesjt except herself. 