Ipswich Amateur Minstrels. BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT. T nEIpswich Amateur Minstrels, who some years ago provided really first-class entertain ments, have recently been resuscitated. In times gone by the late Mr. Fred. Drown was one of their most jovial c2rner-men, and his appearance on the stage was always welcome. That their first appearanoe, now, should be as a benefit to the widow and children of their de ceased comrade was therefore very fitting. It was, too, a great success in every way. There was a splendid house, the hall being crowded, and the minstrels were most enthusiastically received. The rather unenviable seat of in terlocutor was occupied by Mr. A. G. De SiLva, and very capably did he fill it. The end men were Messrs. Harry Cowan and George Oldham (tambos) and Dave Jackson and G. R. Tapp (bones). Their jokes, though tinged with the oheatnatty flavour which is almost inevitable, were very funny and hugely enjoyed, while some of the local hits were absolutely original and took immensely. Prior to beginning, several selections were played outside the Sobool of Arts by the Town Band. As the cur tain went up revealing the large troupe, the stage being oteoly decorated with pot-plants and Chinese lanterns, there was a burst of applause. Part I. consisted of the usual circle concert, which was opened with a lively overture by the company. The ballads and comio songs were, as a rule, admirably sung. They were accompanied by a very good orchestra, conducted by Mr. W. T. Gray. "Just toll them that you saw me" was sweetly sung by Mr. J. Smith, and then the comic element was introduced by Mr. D. Jackson with a laugh ing song. Mr. W. J. Doaseley sang "Only so see her face again" in his best style, the vocal chorusin this,as in the others, beingmost attrac tive. Barry Cowan had a great reception, and was vociferously encored for his comic "Ting a-ling-a-ling," responding with "Move On." In " Oh, My Honey," though tunefully sung as all his songs are, Mr. J. Jolnston did not seem to.be happy in his selection, and we have heard him to better advantage. The same remark applies to Mr. Carles in " Lily of Laguna," the chorus of which, however, sounded very nica and secured an enocore. Mr. G. R. Tapp, tho, was recalled for his comic rendition, "The Orazy Doctors." Oone of the finest songs of the evening was undoubtedly that of Mr. A. A. Ambler, " Bury me near the old home," but the bulk of the applauding part of the audience did not seem to be equal to appreciating any thing but the comic element, otherwise he would certainly have been encored. The last item in the first section was the pretty song, "Elsie of the Glen," by Mr. J. Dwyer, which went well, and received deserved applause. Dave Jackson then appeared, and gave an ex hibition of amateur magic and ventrilo quism, which " brought down the house." In the second half a clog dance was skilfully executed by Mr. J. Martin, and Mr. M. Holmes give a capital interpretation of " The Yeoman's Wedding song." Mr. Harry Cowan, who as the "Untamed Comedian" hes already estab lished himself as a prime favourite in Ipswich, was very favourably received with Left Us," asd on responding with "I'm Another," was again recalled, when he gave a brief recitation, not edifying, but rather amusing. Perhaps the best item of the evening was the duet, "Army and Navy," by Messrs. A. A. Ambler and J. Johnston, who gave a most barmonious interpretation of the song. The comic specialities by Mr. G. I. Tapp were much ap preciated, for he was recalled twice. The en tertainment was brought to a conclusion with a farce entitled "The Pawnshop," in which the characters were as follow:-" bsaes" (the beeoss), Mr. A. G. De Silvo; " Mick" (Irish servant), Mr. G. Oldham; "Pete" (coloured servant), Mr. D. Jackson. As the old Jew Mr. De Silva filled thebo part in a very able manner, while Dave Jackson gave a fine delineation of the colofred nssistalt, his iertorviews with the ghost of " Mike" (asu awflul apparition) being quite too funny. The situations throughout were exceedingly mirtb-povokling, and when the curtain dropped the eudioucce were ready to go home in very gooad humour. 