NOVtL. The Wonder-Witch By m. g, McClelland. CHAPTER XVI.— (Oontindbd.) Miss Vandan nodded enthusiastically. Sue was enjoying herself immensely, and tuinded to keep on with it. ? Tub hat incident was good,' she affirmed ; —'quite dranmtio, and in character with the rest 01 the performance. Has Hiss Donevan reooguizud you, do you think f ' Guthrie shook his head, snd palled at his it beard meditatively. ; ' ' Time has gotten in stronger work along ? my lines,' he said. ' From a beardless strip * ling I've bsoome a grizzled and well- nigh middle-aged man. I shouldn't identify my own past and present it I hadn't watohed Billon? There is no associating resemblance about me, and nobody here uses my Chris r tUn name, which ib the only one she ever beard. Unless the old wonder- niton hae kept me in mind, 1 make no doubt she's for got i en me long ago.' The young lady did not airree with him. ' i She knew very well that women are not i proue to forget pretty little adventures of '':? ? which they themselveB are the heroines. /'She made this plain to him, and then . 'demanded information about the wonder ?„ witoh. € ' Ton Sotherners have so many signs and ^ wonders that my brain reels nuder tuem,' she deoUred. -Babbits' feet, and cross. ' marks U th* path, and jack-boxes SUod . with dried snakes, lizards, and bird, feathers, con jure charms and lnok signs, and death ana disaster ,porteuts, make ft supernatural medley that Yankee consciousness doesn't readily aauimilate. And the queer part is , that so many iutelligent people among yon ? ? Wke the thing seriously and allow for it. What in heaven's name is a wonder- witoh P ^ She's s new species to me.' Quthrie laughed amusedly. ' Ihe wonder witch is the rinjr 1 gave Hiss Vonevan,' he explained. ' We always called it that because of a legend oonneoted with it, and the representation of a necroutantio old crone -: ?? on the signet.' The girl of the period leaned back in her chair and regarded her companion with undieguised admiration. ' You really are the most affording people I ever encountered,' the declared, frankly. ' Ton are all survivals. Stick a pin in the othec stoty, to heup the plnoc, and tell me, right here and now, about the wonder Witch.' CHAPTER XVII. ' Many generations airo,' GntLrie began, ?an ancestor of mine, a wealthy Magyar from the Carpathians, fell in love with a Romany girl, thu grandohild of tbe queen of a powerful tribe of Tziganics whose head quarters were in that port of Hnngary. i'radilion describes the young woman an rarely beautiful, with wonder- bright eyes, and the soft-flowing speech of bur people. The Magyar loved well, and the girl met his passion at flood ; but tne old woman was ttdverse. There was among the 'iioinany chills' a suitor whom tho favored, and Bhe sought by fair means mid foul to bring the match about. Tradition is hazy as to whethet the gypBy lovor was preferreil : because of tribal prejudices, or whether ??':?- --here was some special 10 my ancestor. Certain it is thattibe old woman raged, and thwarted -the lovers., in -every way possible. :?. ? She appeacs to have betn a reojarkabla creature — A v/lieiioman, deeply learned in ?. .i.. . ocoaltiiim«n4waay^'»oMS «f ueurtif- kndw- ? ' ju. ledge. She Was ven»'d intfce JJlsot Art, -a follower of Simon Magus and a praotiser of magic, to that, apsrr ftom-her tribal position, \- v ? ehe possessed an influence with the Tziganies ???' -well-nigh boundless. ... ' l#uvet iiowever, has 8 magic of its own, ... ? . fall of- potency and might, no onubleste. dark' jilght the 'gypsy maldoii and thv ''' **TisH issid thst 'the' wftoh- mothet oors^d' -t-er' descendant, then and inert, with: a' 'corse Unique *and terriblo, facing to the east, whence somei magio, and' spreading, her' anna, n that the very winds migiit beak her; malediction to its objeot. And the^urse1 irai that because the' young ifffeiia«Hdr-; -eaken race and kindred lor love,ot the Magyar, her Heart, should know pojothec love, either of children, or kindred, or nation, or friends, but onaer the weight ol one dominanoe should petrify slowly, oomS pressing and hardening like itone.; ' i 'Through the . old . wonder-.witoh's . inJ fluenee, the curse was passed from tribjb to tribe of tho Tziganies until ' it penetrated .to the bride's hiding-place and wrought on . tier imagination to such a degree that, sue Biokened. The Magyar did everything in his power to weaken or remove the impreBB: ion, even to attempting to nsiassttiate the oause of tbe trouble, but without availi The ides of a petrifying heart had take* hold of the ffirl and Was not-to be dislodged). So inustent .beoame her dread that, after thp birth'ofl*r child, a bby withaBomany laae'aua Magyar nature, for' whom ehe oared, nothing, '.the '.pair returned to Huni -gary, hoping to propitiate .the old wonde- witoh and obtsin a. remission j They had jost as well'hVve attempted to, remove ths Oarpathiaos with a glase lever. ; The author of theic woe rejoioed.in her power, and' took fresh hold. She wrote out, tbe oune in s scroll, and would study it, plaoing herself frequently in the young wife's, path and pointing downward at it with her finger. 4 To make a long story short, au excited imagination got its fell work of iuperin dnoing. disease, snd the gypsy wife Drefientlv died fur fear of dvinir. In that day the belief in msgio held sway, and credulity and superstition were leash hounds to bo loosed at a iieoromanoer's will. The girl was buriod according to Magyar usages, but it is claimed that the Eomauj- chak, at the instigation of the old wonder. witoh, spirited away her body, and that its ultimate testing plaoe was known only to the gypsies. Her Wart was removed snd chemioally treated so that petrifieation really took place. ' Whether or not the old woman finally repented of the indirect murder, and sought to bring good out of evil, tradition does not state ; but it appears that on his attaining puberty she presented the dead woman's son (and her own great-grandson) with aonrious nng of hand-hammered gold, set with a etiauge looking signet, the substance of Which no lapidist has ever been able to determine, or couid without resolving it to its original elements. The stone is heart shaped, dulled red in hue, aud delioately veined with a darker oolor. It is said to be a bit of the petrified heart. Upon it is engraved a perfect representation of the wonder-witch herself, with het fiugers'on tue scroll. The cutting is said by experts to bo vnusnally strong and fine. ' f ;??-? * The magio property claimed for- tbitf*i&g;'- is that it insures constancy In women. No woman, aeoepting ib from a mail, can falter , or turn from Allegiance to him; The ring passes from mother to ,eon, :a'*m6db -St progress a trifle unusual. It, has on' =ft a Romanv ineariritfbii- *A'TrAA 'tn^nalafSnn. *x. whioh is, ' What I love, I i?esire : what I. deBire, I jmwp : what I grasp, I hoia-' ' The.Magrar^s son, being half Romany, found out aU this from his mother's 'people, and transmitted it. He married a German, - lod his son ah 'Englishwoman; and so to the final Anuriouiniixtare. - The ring, with its hisfory,.was,£iy.enline by. my mother.' ?And a very abominable history it is,' commented Hiss Vandan. 'Funny being betrothed 'with 'an obnoxious bit of bewitched flesh instead of a nice, wholesome diamond !. It makes one feel crawly and bedevilled only to think of it. And eighteen years ago you foisted this nnoanny thing uuon puor, nnsuspitiious Bath Dohsvau i You ought to bd ashamed ol yourself, Or. Gutbrie .' To triok your own accomplice, after tricking your enemies 1 It was a moat shameless and outrageous performance. Suppose you'd gotten yourself killed, and that dear woman had been compelled to go tnrough life spell-bound to eternal fidelity to a ghost! What sort of denouement would that have been f Gatbrio parried her attack gayly, de claring thai to the ghost tuoh a result vould have been eminently satisfactory. B.a even audaciously maintained that, if the wonder- witch had in truth guarded the position for him, she was an anoostresB worthy of honor, as well as the ablest strategist of her oycle. Whereupon Miss Vandan entered i.he oounter- declaration that Guthrie himself would be treasure-trove to the heredity people, as demonstrating in his own person how enoh traits as malevolence aud disregard will persist through unnumbered generations. They talked a great deal of nonsense, those two, and with it all Gruthrie's spirits improved to the point of considering his case rather hopeful, and of feeling that, somehow, Ui hold upon Ruth was renewed. As for JdiflB VandBD, her brain aotually teemed with plans and suggestions. For the first time in her career the was visibly enfolded with an atmosphere of uuoal coUting lomiBce. Her soul joyed within h&r;, and tyery fibre of her being wai aet on the evolu ion of a suitable denouement, l'or the next day or so she and Guthrie were inseparable, and that their communion was satisfactory was evidenced by the beatitude of their countenance. When Hugh Donevan reappeared, the young lady promptly took him into confidence, a proceeding to whioh linthrie might have objected had he not caught a glimpse of the arcana of another situation. CHAPTER XVIII. Virtue has need to be its own reward, for in the reaotion after a hard duty has been performod, Sf it were not for the approving consoienoe, one would have nothing. Even then tbe consoienoe most approve lustily in order to hold misery at bay and make duty appear worth tho doing, from her point of view, going away had teemed to Ruth the best possible courne, aud she had braced up her nerves, held down her heart, and taken it gallantly. During ihe ride up to the gap, the exeroiee, change, aud her brother's society had made it relatively eaBy to hold thought quiescent. Nor had the next day been bad, for her kinswoman was delighted to see her, and eager in the interchange of inquiries aud accounts of local happenings. Hugh's return home maje a break also, for direction*! had to be given and messages sent to the servants. It was on the third day that the reaction set in heavily. Miss Randolph awoke with a blinding sick headache, for which the only remedy was absolute quiet in a darkened room. Sbo was an intelligent woman and a good raeonteur, with a fine store of observation and experience to draw on, aud the gift of illustrative and sympathetic expression. The house eeemtd strangely silent without her, and Ru'.h wandered about out adrift from her own ububI occupations, and with no others to lake their pluce. Ttiis was misery's chance, and it straightway availed itself, pouncing down like a vampire and driving its beak into her heart with intent to suck tbesoe the life blood of courage and hope, fiuth had a very bud time of it, made worse by the strength and soundness of her own nature. Her oodo w&& so simple and yet so tznoam promiumg : to love grandly, to trust generously, end to follow the 'dictates of .conscienoo' without shirking or subterfuge — that was all of it. Enough, too, to give body and substance to siiflericg as well an to joy. Wearily sud i&aisttntly; sho went over it all, love playing the gamut from exaltation, through wonder aud pain, to ronunoiition, lingering miserably over the minor chords until life Buemed a dirge and strained heartstrings the fit instrument whereon to play it. And thai tnVpain was aft aeeitees did ofat^iakeAt .onebitUewa'ardto'enaure. ITo' ler it was real and tantrible, , and -tie thought ib»'it might -b» unnecessary, 'sever, entered,, her In tbe afternoon the innate gallantry of bar nature reasserted itself, imposing a necessity for action. The atmosphere of the Silent 'house seemed to smother her, and she ordered her horse. She must get out Into die open and exercise and weary, her body, so that.braln and heart might find relief in physical need's. ' ? AA unacknowledged sentiment had canted l$it» always to' use gray oloth for her. hjbUa, but she had yielded to convention aftyVin the matter of head gear. , On this tip,- however, she. Had worn Jack's alouoh hft, partly from unexplained impulse, and pprtly born deliberate eflort-atrenewal of old ' association. ' Per the latter reason cttiraly^she xode a descendant -of. .Lapwing and wore the wonder-witoh's ring. On the way to the gap she had kept the talk on war topios, encouraged Hugh to reminiscence, and even drawn from the closet of memory and dusted her own wild esoapade. The past, in very truth, was hers, and in it, to her knowledge, was no other woman. : '? So now, in her ride ol unrest, she in j!tino)iXeWtnrn»d,norhorse.in the direction of the old frame house whioh had witnessed the climax of her adventure. It was situated several miles from Miss Randolph's, and during Ruth's former visits had always been occupied, so-, that, «lthongh she had passed it occasionally during the eighteen years', and was Somewhat familiar withthe exterior, Bhe bad sever crossed the threshold since that' old time of {Federal ooonpatipn. The situation was isolated, and after .the death, many years previous, of the owner, and the dispersion of his heirs, it had been impossible to get suitable tenants for the old house, and it had gradually graded down, falling into worse and worse hands with each renewal of occupants. At the time of Ruth's laBt visit, three years before, it had been in possession of a lawless family of mountaineers, named Wakefiald, a morose, evil lot, more than suspected of illioit praotioas. During this oooupanoy tho house degenerated from mere unthrift and dilapidation into the tuunfjtakable aspect of disrepute whioh a house can acquire when kept oontinually in bad company- It was suspected that the oellars were used as a depot for contraband whiskey, but /or a long time the suspicion went unverified. The population thereaway was sparse, aud the Wakefields were known to be keenly averse to interference, and, in both sexes, addioted to the swift use of fire arms, with great certainty of aim. (To be oontinued.) 