ME. BARTON IN KEMPSEY. Mr. Barton then proceeded to Kempeey where he arrived shortly before 7 o'clock. A number of loading residents, including the Mayor, Aid. Trees, Mewsrs. W. D. Scott, A. Verge,' J. Clarke, .TV P., ftfensrs. WLarrack, S. . L. Rudder, J B. Mclvor, E. Rudder, Aid. O'Eiallnran and other well-known supporters at the last election, had assembled outside Mr. Neil's Victoria Hotel and raised a hearty cheer an Mr. Barton slighted from the buggy. This soon brought up thn crowd, who having anticipated his arrival earlier had dispersed up and down the street. The Mayor on behalf of the citizens, cordially -? welcomed Mr. Barton to the district. After taking his dinner Mr. Barton was waited upon by numerous acquaintances who called tormally to welcome him on bin first visit to the electorate since his election. The meeting which Mr. Barton subse quently addressed at the Theatre Royal was crowded. On Mr. Barton's arrival in thn hall, tbe great crowd applauded from the time of his entry till our member and his supporters had taken their sento on jthe plat form. Unlike many meetings there was ab solutely no interruption. Although the speech was a most masterly one, in the . exhaustive manner in which it analysed almost c-very conceivable objection to the bill and answered it, and was not touched up with those little bite of humor calculated to tickle the popular taste, it was listened to with most eager attention, and the -lf*pt.h of earnestness which Mr Barton imparted into it made one feel that the audiencn had fully grasped the fact that the fight for Federation was a most serious crisis iu the history of ' this, tbe Fifth Continent. The Mayor, Aid. Trees, was in the chair, supported by Messrs. W. D. Scott, John Clarke, A. Verge, J'a.P., E. Rudder, S. L. Rirtder, O. O. Danger, and Rev. Kelly In introducing Mr. Barton, the Mayor said the fame of the speaker and tbe im portance of the subject upon whicb be had to speak would do away with the necessity tor Dim to make many remarks. Much labor, thought and time had been expended to en able Mr. Barton to arrive here at the time arranged, and as time wan precious he had much 'pleasure in introducing tbe speaker, tbe member for our electorate. Mr. Barton, on rising, was loudly ap plauded, and said it waB a source of great pleasure to him to be able to come to the electorate and speak to them on th-* great subject that now engrossed the public attention. But it was a greater pleasure tn be able, to renew an acquaintance apd thank : ' them for tbe great honor done to him by the electors last September at a time when a momentous issue was before Australia, and \- he hoped it was only tbe beginning of a mutual confidence which would not be likely to be bmken in the near future. He was not here t-- speak on the. ordinary politics of the day, an-1 party issues, if not forgotten, had at all events been put aside for a com bination' of public men in the Haute for the , purpose of bringing about the union of our native land, and these hud agreed to devote thejr whole attention to the one great subject before tbe votes of tbe electoro on the' Constitution Bill. Local Matters. Speaking of local matters be would like to devote some time t» them, but he thought it wou]d ho better for those interested in var ious local requirements to meet him quietly ;: on Monday with requests for what was re quired, talk the various matters over, when they could consider how and what was the best way that they could, bo attended to. The Fedeeax Bill. ?i-.:: They would be aware that an opportunity was now to bn given them of casting their ;'..; votes on the mnlter of whnthfli nr not they :?:. should aocept the Federal Enablinp Bill as /: amended. Thin opportunity bad not been trnined without n severe struggle and con ;?: flicfc between th« Houses of ParJiament. The ;. members of one House bad used almost '-' every means to prevent the votes of electors cast at last Beferendum from bping effective in carrying out their wishes. They wanted to make the!' pepjjie unsuccessful if the£ could not top s.ime fancy limit. Then they did not want our people ty join in the Federation unlesB the people of Queensland did, and wait for tijemiio say whether they would. He was quite willing for Queensland to fallow in our f %otstepii, but did not see why we^Bhpuidwait toilet them j3Lq, ouf VbusW: ness for' is -The iejjreBBntative', tibu«e\: was against any of these proposals, and deciiiea that the decision of the ?ppople on the 20tb should 'be an untrammelled one. At this stage some One interjected 'what about Reid f' , r : Mr. Barton continued. Ha would nsk. those who were sincere not to be put aside because this man or another was greater in the MinWtry. The cause was far greater than tbe man. - (Loud applause.) If he personally could afford to pat aside his anibition and any advantage he might gain, he felt Bure they could agree on the question us to whether this union was good or not good for Australia for all time. IF they came to tbe conclusion that it was for the good of the country, then it would be an abandonment of conscience not to vote for the Sill. If otherwise, no one was aBked to vote for or against it. Tbe present Bill was that of 1898 with some minor amendments. He wished to deal to night mainly with the amendments that bad been made, and a de fence of the moat extraordinary attacks made against it. There never was a Bill written in clearer English. It was the con stant intent by all who drafted it that it should be fully *Q-i faithfully undi-rstnod by all. K* asked ali t-/ take the. Bill in their bauds and read it One party was mis represopliae it- The side to which he be longed was not misrepresenting it, but faith fully adheriDE to its priuciples. He aiked them to try- and rend the Bill, and so far from Unding- if an ordinary lawyer's bill every man however simple would understand it. The amendments were not very numer ous, only a few lines, but they required to be understood, as it was only fair that what was likely to be their effect should be made plain. Se thought the concessions made to Queensland were fair because they must realign the importance of that State joining the Commonwealth. These concessions could be wisely and honorably made because they knew the mutual advantnge that would be derived by her joining the Union. Mr. carton then gave some details of his recent tour in Queensland, and the enthusi asm with which the subject had been received by all sections of the Parliament and people He believed the people of Queensland would accept the Bill by an overwhelming majority. He anticipated there would be no opposition from N\S. Wales to Queensland dividing if it became an original State. The amendment in tbe deadlock clauses was than dealt with. He was still of opinion that the provision for a double dissolution would xeldorn be utilised. The provision for an absolute instead of a three-fifths majority of both Houses in a joint sitting would be a benefit to our State, if such an evil waB likely to occur. With the exception of Switzerland there was no provision in any other constitution so liberal. They were not likely to see one House force a dissolution, as they could now with a nominee Chamber whilst the people in the other House bad to go to their constituents. The Upper House would be chary of a dissolution when it was likely to affect its composition. Going on to the provision for the Federal Capital. Last year's Bill provided it should be in Federal territory and a temporary seat nf Government be chosen by a majority of the Governors, when if they differed it would be chosen by the Governor- General in Council. By the present Bill it waB clearly left to the Federal Government and must be in New South Wales, with the additional provisions that it must be not within 100 miles of Sydney and an area of 10 square miles and if this area was Crown Lands it must be handed over free to the Government of the Commonwealth, whilst private lands required for Commonwealth purposes would ha»e to be paid for by the t ommonwealth. Until the Federal Parliament met at the permanent seat of G-overninent thn tempor ary seat of G-overnment should be at Melbourne. The critics of the Bill said once let the seat of Government be io Melbourne and it would never meet any where else. He thought tbe Parliament would see to that. The Parliament of the Commonwealth would not be likely to sit during the winter like tbe biz State Parliaments, therefore the capital would not be likely, like existing States capitals, to be on tbe coast. There was a great noise in Sydney about it not being less than 100 miles from Sydney. He did not think Sydney should be two capitals rolled into one. He was quite agreeable that the Federal Parliament should meet in Sydney till it had a permanent habitation. As Melbourne had the best Parliamentary buildings it was a small concession to Victoria to have the temporary capital for a few years seeing that the permanent one would be in N.S.W. for all time. He marvelled at the cry raised in Sydney by Borne people seeing that of the whole 300,000 miles area of New South Wales only one twentieth was barred against hav ing the capital whilst the whole of the rest of Australia was. It was said by a gentle man who they had heard of recently as expecting to be able to arrive in Sydney in about time to vote againBt the Bill, that it was ' Sydney's death warrant ' He did not believe it was the death warrant of Sydney because Sydney was located in the centre of a large coal and ironstone district, which must ensure many industries arising near her. So tbe advantages she would derive from the establishment of new manufactur ing industries would largely compensate for the Io»b of the political capital. She would have six. markets, instead of the other colonies each having their own market and part of Sydney's whilst, at present New South Wales only had part of the Sydney market. If Sydney could exist with only a part of a market bow much more would she thrive when backed up by the whole con tinent of Australia Sealing with the Constitution of the Houses Mir. Barton pointed nut how that in the event of the Houbpb disagreeing there was provision for the Referendum by which the people could affirm or negative a measure orer tbe head of Parliament. 'Tbis made tbe amendment for ensuring the wixhes of the people, being carried out and was one which should not be unacceptable to the -eople themselves. X-f all *he clauses in the Bill the one that waB more often mis described was the Brad don one, generally mis-cnllud the ' Braddon Blot.' Clause 87, which said that 'during a period of ten years' after the establishment of the Commonwealth and thereafter, until the Parliament otlierwjwj provides of the n-'t revenue of She Common Wealth from duties and customs and of. *Hjis9,iiot more thanone-fif tl i shall be applied anitiuiiiy^y the Commonwealth toww- dsMts expenditure. ? ?. The balance shall, ?n accordance with this Constitution be paid to tbe several States or ttpplied towards the payment of interest on debts! of the several States taken over by the Commonwealth.' Tbe provision was not one that dealt with the wb»le revenue of the Commonwealth They could have the power to raise revenue by what means they pleased. They could go mad for taxation if necessary, but if they taxed. ihemBelvee as the. Provincial Parlia raents taxed them, was it likely they would This clause only had to do with the customs and excise, and then not more than one fourth could be applied to the purposes of the Commonwealth/but debts taken over by tbe CommotTwealth would have the interest on them deducted. This was a valuable pro-, vision for the Common wealth taking over the debts, because by consolidating or renewing them they could dual with them at a lower rate of interest, which would be beneficial to the Commonwealth and States.' alike. In the opinion of nearly every capable financial Authority this would be a gain. : The cre-)it of the whole continent must' be better than any one State in it. Provision was made for the amount to be paid, i and that to be retained by the Commonwealth, and what was to be returned to tbe State. 10 years nfter its establishment tbe Par liament has the power of retaining the Braddon clause or not During this period of 10 years ' or thereafter, it would enable the Commonwealth to give assistance to any State in which there might be a temporary shortage, which otherwise it would have to make up itself. He thought they must agree that whilst tbis amendment would make the Bill more acceptable to most of tbe other colonies, N S. Wales also got tbe benefit of the provisions. It had been said the Bill had altered structurally. If a man wanted to buy a bouse and in bis opinion the found ation and superstructure were good and the house in other ways suited him but he found that it required details altering, a chimney wanted altering because it might smoke, or be wanted a door here or a verandah there, would he not be tempted to say tbe sooner I get into it the better, or was he going to keep outside and say no I must not go in till the alterations are made. By going, into it first and making the alterations afterwards he had the use of the house and was better able to determine whether the alterations lie required were necessary or not. Tbe alter ations would not be structural, they were only details. So he contended that whilst it was a mistake to say the Bill was. altered in structure it would be much to the benefit of New South Wales as a purchaser that the alterations in details bad been effected. The system of the financial part of the Bill had been attacked by tbe critics on seven assumptions. If it were necessary for the Federal Treasurer to raise income solely, by Customs and Excise in whatever way it was thought proper be could only keep one quarter for the use of the Commonwealth purposes, and he would have to provide for raising other revenue for the return to the various States of the three- fifths. It rested with the people whether all tbe revenue should be raised by Customs and Excise or by other means. The transferred services now give a shortage to other colonies say of 1£ millions. He would not say it might be as much. Taking this loss from the various colonies and putting it on the back of tbe Commonwealth be would say that the amount of expenditure they would require to raise would be from £250,000 to £750,000. All he need say was the Dr. McLaurin's figures were tbe £750,000 including the Queensland people which cumbered laBt year 500,000, so that whilst practically adding 50 per cent, to the people in the Commonwealth he was also adding 50 per cent of expense. At 1£ million shortage in the transferred services tbe inclusion of Queensland would make it less per head. Between them the colonies last year raised about 7 millions, on the same basis If millions would be taken by tbe Commonwealth Parliament and tbe 5f mil lions returned to the States. It was open to the majority of electors whether they would have a bigh or low tariff. With tbe former they could raise revenue bv Customs and Excise alone, whilst they could on the other hand have a low tariff and make up the balance by direct taxation. Suppose the latter, tbe Treasurer could raise say six mil lions by Customs and Excise and send back four millions to the States, whilst a tax of a farthing a head a week would enable him to raise the balance. But if the electors pre ferred a low tariff and direct taxation the Braddon clause did not provide for direct taxation. As the Bill did not force tbe Fed eral Treasurer to raise all revenue by Customs and Excise tbe little bouse of cards built up by Dr. McLaurin and Co. falls to tbe ground. The 89th clause dealt with the period of time, Bay two years before the uniform tariff came into force. During that period the system would be that each State was to get back all revenue collected in it by the Commonwealth, the State to have its share of the cost of transferred services deducted, also to have charged out of it its share per capita of new expenditure of the Common wealth. Section 3 of clause 89 provided that the Commonwealth should pay t'o each State, month by month, the balance, if any, in favor of the' State. It was not the case of the surplus being collared by other States. All tbe revenue raised in New South Wales must come back to her less her Bbare of expenses. During first five years after tbe imposition of the uniform tariff will commence the system of Intercolonial Freetrade. Border duties will hnye to go except in the case of West Australia. The dutjeB cbargeiible on goods imported through one colony and con sumed m another were to be collected in the consuming State. So that suppose goods were imported into Victoria for con sumption in the south of New South Wales, they would be tallied at the border and the .dutv paid here. The period of five years was fixed because it was considered a good period of probation, becauBo they could not well know in tbe first, etageB what the operation of the tariff would be either in its r'-lation to importations and probable siimulaiioi) of local .production. So they thought it better to allow tbe State Parlia ments to see how. the Commonwealth would fltarid^nfegardJtb Vai«ng^is%6!rtni|e.! ^s A uniform tariff would affect each colony in such . a different way that whilst the-; -duties .being raised l in one colony would lead to less importations, and their being lowered in others would have the opp -site effect. Both these results were sure to occur so to predict the actual effect would be ridiculous and any one pencilling it out, without know-, ing what tbe tariff was, was simply trying to bamboozle the people. The critics of the Bill said the surplus returned the States would' not be applied to the redaction of taxation, but the State Treasurers would go in for all sorts of extravagant expenditure. This was a matter that would rest entirely, with the people. If the people acted with the same reasonable ness that -they do now, the surplus would be applied to the proper needs of the colony. Another assumption waB that New South Wales was to be wolfed by the other colonies. How could this be when provision waB made at tbe start for the surplus to go back month by mouth. How was it possible for tbe other colonies to wolf it? Another assumption waB that under the Bill the extra taxation was to be 22s 6d to 27s 6d, least bo the anti-Billites said in their leaflets. Well, according to their ideas all our wives are going to smoke and the baby is to make such a little beast of himself that he'll have to be bailed out of the lockup every Monday morning. (Loud laughter.) Pass ing on to the question of taxation under the tariff, the man that drank champagne and smoked cigars would have to pay more than the man who had to be content with his pint of beer and fig of tobacco. Taxation through the Customs and Excise was taxation accord ing to meaoB. Dr. McLaurin said this when the Land and Income Tax. was debated in the Upper House. The taxation would be in proportion to the dutiable articles con sumed, and to figure it up at 22b 6d per bead, was only saying that if one man paid 40s and another 5s for dutiable articles, the average taxation was 22s 6d. Then this fabric of high taxation goes to the ground. The wbole matter rests with the people, and what mau would be so im pudent as to tell you what the people are going to do when they govern themselves. Did these people think tbe Australian people were mad because they weren't going to put up with the ghosts raised by Dr. McLaurin and Co. There might be some doubt as to the Australian people being self governing, but if they were they would not be likely to tax themselves in the- manner tbese critics say. They would have two Houses, both : elected by the people, instead of being re stricted to vote for one House as in New South Wales now. The elector's vote will be based on tbe lowest scale of franchise obtaining in his State until a uniform basis of tbe suffrage is passed by tbe Federal Parliament. No voter for the State Parlia ment would be deprived of his vote accord ing to the usage of his colony. Regarding, equal State representation in the Senate. Of 16 Federations now in existence, 14 had equal State representation iu the Senate. The States must have some balance of power till all Acts are completed. Tbis principle of equality in the Senate must be maintained. Tbe House which held the purse strings was the one that held the bal ance of power. If a minority in tbe Upper House tried to hold office against tbe wishes of a majority in the Lower House, the latter could withold supplies and bring them .to their knees, but the Upper Houbo could not originate or amend money bills. If tbe two Houses disagreed the trouble could 'be cured by a double dissolution or a joint sitting and all that had to be gat was an absolute majo rity. Speaking of the Senate was it likely that if they had a majority of democrats in the Lower House the same electors would return representatives who when they got into the Upper House would turn Con servatives. How could a Government cease to be a liberal one with Liberals in the House and Liberals in the. other when the final decision had to be by a majority, and those who said it was going to be disastrous only conjured up ghosts for those electors who had not looked well into the Bill. The Bill was too liberal for the Tories who attacked the financial clauses. Did the McLaurin's and others like its democracy ? L'here were so many ' ifs ' and ' supposes ' in their arguments that it reminded him of the following little story : — A gentleman was paying his addresses to a young lady, and felt that she loved him, but when he proposed she refused his suit. Still realising that her feelings were affectionate towards him he proposed again and was refused. Eventually, however, he was accepted and married. Shortly after the wedding he ask ed his wife why, seeing that she was so fond of him, she had refused him so many times. The/iady .remarked that it was owing to his house being on a river bank which sloped to tbe stream, and 'you know if we had any children one of them might roll into the river and get drowned.' This did not hap pen, because they had no children. (Laugh ter.) That was the danger of being fright ened from over-estimating a thing. Now for story on the other Bide, under- estimating. A gentleman was engaged to a lady, and before marrying, being a cautious map, he used to count the probable cost and kept putting off the day, because fie thought the house rent would be so much, tbe household expenses and clothes so much, but eventually he thought that allowing even for the appear-, ance of a baby at stated intervals be might manage to marry. His calculations were however upset as the first birth in the family was twins. (Laughter.) He would point out that the progress of a Nation was similar to these ordinary tbingB in every day life. When Dr. McLaurin was in the Dibbs Ministry the Dibbi tariff in 1892 yielded £2 7s lOd per bead, so that even taking Dr. McLaurin's own estimates tbe extra taxation under tbe Federal tariff would altogether be 5b od per bead less than tbe Dibbs tariff. At one of bis meetings Dr. McLaurin having been asked whether the extra taxation under the Federal Bill would be worse than that under the Dibbs tariff P replied he did not know. Thii prophet did not know if it would be more. Dr. Mclmti-. riu's estimate was £2 2s 5d under the Federal Bill, :Mr. Barton continued be was not aware that tU household bills amounted to more now ithan when the Dibba tariff was on. Whaj; was to be «aid aboot these predictions regaridjng a tariff not yet in Mistanoe. v ^ A necessity for Federal combination dealt with a new system of State finance and he had endeavoured to~*eipla.in it. ; ; The advantage of ^Federation to the colon- - ins Wfluld be that Australia wou)d speak in one Voice to the Mother Country, not the jangle theri* 4s ^ow.^It would be tbe one_ toicej of Australia through one authority, that voice would be strong and clear. Wbsl . result would it be compared to what bitppene now, ;it wouid be « marked gain. Although it might make it easier to sepnrate from the Mother Country it would make it less likely. He would not be slow to nay that we would separate if our independence was threatened but was quite sure not otherwise, , Summing up the advantages of Federation there, would .be that of one defence force, with one staff which would £ for £ of ex penditure give greater efficiency In defence thn whole would stand for the part, and the part for the whole. It wouid strengthen the credit of the colony, as in the case of defence there would be Ktn npth in combination for mutual credit for finance. In '93 tbe. bank crisis could have, been prevented bad we had a Bank Act as in Canada. Federation would raise . the plane of our politics. The v^ry . people who condemned the Bill because they say the difference of customs would be difficult to equalise, were taking advantage of the inequalities wbich at present jBxist jfo '. ; '' , ; condemn tbtffi JL ;Tt iis inequality can ^»»er : . ' be rubbed out until done by the Union, These objections would .be involved in any Bill for Union. Here we had Dot our own ' marketa secured to us, Other colonies secured ^ ': tbeirji and took a bit otimw. Wtf^nly JiSdAJ'' part )-f one. WMch of , tbe colonies would gain jtbemost, those wbb could get most mark^ els, jjrtboBe who only had part of tneir own. They, were ; not- federating withi: wulres and, ; tbinvps. If they believed they w^rp going to be '?: plundered tbey bad no right to federate. The ?? critic* said that there wa« ft l°t °f tDB sentimental about the FederatiiDniBts, but these arguments were sentiments of Another . ' Bort. ; Jealousy, envy and hatred weee pre- . ferreil by them to sentiments ot patriotism. He jbought they could put sentiment to senti/ment and we should come out best. This argument was that the British people when trusted had always come top. There never *»as a Constitution absolutely perfect although he bad been accused of saying this one waB. Because imperfect man could not : .make a perfect Constitution. list them not be frightened by gboBt stories when by pne act on tbe 20th Jane they could make them* selves men and Australia a nation. . . On Mr. Barton calling for a show of hands only two were held up against the Bill. Mr. Mai-rack moved, Mr. A. Verge, J.P., seconded, and Mr. Enoch Rudder supported, a vote of thanks to Mr. Barton, which was carried by acclamation. A vote of thanks to the Mayor was then carried by acclamation, and the proceedings concluded with ringing .. cheers for Federation and the Queen. 