THE PEDDLERS' PACK. ] "Hunt » my pleasant story#" said tbe landlord of the Lnag Fade, " but I like to tall it Mibeymoi jut to remind oyulf that tbe arorft tbiox % moo am Uu io lbi« world h • hot, ofaiyuU tamper. " Youeee, 1 came to (bit outt nn >fIw the gold fever broke oulsnd nettled down io tbe BftnU Habere volley, Mow bore, uudtihf, 1 out o widower mo Ueo, end bod brought witb mo from the 8Ut*s my only cbild, % d«ubtw past 17. Bbe ww « pretty girt, if I do oay it. and being a* id prilly yeu can imogioe if was quite wrapped up in bar. Of course, I wea I anxious to keep ber with ma, and if not tbat st I Irs it 1 looked lor her to do something better | thin fall in love witb a peddler." 11 And bid •be." " Yes. You are, fn those days the coootry ww full of young fallows wbo bad ilrark oat for themselves so ) were trying to get a atari by carrying kmckkwwks sround from ooa mining ramp to another. Some of tbHn ware lively maps enough aud wall educated,but I waa fresh from tba State*,with all tba eastern prejudices, and it almost drove me wild when Nellie told mc she wauled to msrey a yoong fellow wbo brought his pack through ottr district a good deal ortroer than tba trade seemed to require. 1 was a hot Urapcred fool iu those days, »o I stormed, threaieosd, looked Nellie up for a •erk sod seat word lo ber lover tbat 1 bad loaded my guo for wild cats and peddler*." " Wbst did Nolle do t" 44 You might bsve gar seed it. One day wbeo j I came from a dttle a»l* she was missing 1 chttotl her a ccuple of days, but they bad | takee to the woods, and it was of no After awl ilr I got a letter from Frisco, and 1 I wrote back ssytng lLat I had disowned ber, I and that ho had better keep out of tba lange ol j my nfle." '* What did yoa do tben F" 44 KuUcred, muter, just suffered. I knew I was wrung, but I'd bsvo died rstbar than give in. Fur Ave yearn I lived like a toad in a rook, hating the whole world. AU tbc pleasure 1 bed was in welching for prddlers. The number 1 ib«sed off the ranch daring thai lime would i frtonish you. ** Une evtaing after a terrible rainstorm a peddler came to my bouse and asked for i shelter for the oigbl lie was e thin, wesk looking fellow, with hla feoe covered with a I I uge, ragged brsrd. Ha Parried on bis back an ] enormously long aud Leavy pack and s re mod so < t ihauated with bis traiopthrough tbe mire tbat 1 hidu'l ihv heart te do mora than order Mm <•11 lb* place " " That was pretty hard," said the lUtenar. ** 1 suppose it was. Tba ptddler aeemrd all broke up when he found 1 wouldn't even give ! him a bunch of straw in tbe stable, and uo ' »>i)ier huuse witbiu twelve miles. Instead *.f rotrplatninp, ho we vol, be merely begged thai I would let him leave bis peek, which be said contained gu«H of value, undrr alud'er from the rata I Anally eoneentori to this. So, as ] find awurn none of bis trade should ever cru«* my tbinsbold, 1 carried his park iuslir, whdr its owner limped off to crawl under some bos' or wilier." " Didn't you feel mean F" *• Y>«. mean and bitter at tba came turn, fur something about tbe man ((-minded me of Kellh's huabaud a little. However, 1 looked 'and barred all the doors wad windows as usual, lor some road agents bad bren srouud those parts about thai lime and bad stopped and robbed several ranchers, and, as 1 told you, 1 was all aloue. Somehow 1 couldn't go to sleep wben after that I went to bed. After tossing around for ewfafto I got up and sat by the fire, , broodiog over my trouble and trying not to { think of the poor ©bap ebiveriug out there in : til' ©»»M and rain somewhere. 1 looked at his pick sitting up in tbe room and wondend what made it ao long. " As I watched it, I fannied t aaw It mover" ] " Saw it move F" j " EiscUy. I wouldn't believe my own eyes < at first, but after watching intently for awhile 1 distinctly aaw the front of a bsud pressed agaiust tbe esnvas from tba inside. Like a flush than I understood tba whole thing. Tba pedd» ier waa one of the road agents' gang, and, knowing 1 bad considerable meuey about tbe house, they bad adopted that plan for smug* gling one ol their crew inside the boasa. Alter 1 bad gone to sleep tb© fellow inside ouuld let iu the rest and finish tbe job. 1 walked quietly across the room, took my goo from tbe antlers, knelt down a few fret from the paok, timed , square in tbe centre and polled tbe trigger." *' Go on," murmured the listener, witb a 1 shudder. ** Out (begun didn't go off," continued the Uudlord, oleuing his throat. " Tbe nipple was rusty and wouldn't work, .ao I laid down the rifle and got an una from tba kftehro. It had been uewly ground that day* and wben I lifted il over my bead I counted npao droving tbst | IHsnk, robber and all, dear In the ground. Just as 1 raised the ax and braeed myself for the blow I saw a ghost." " A ghost F " "Yea, sir, The pack opened, and 1 asw slide* log out of its top the cwriy yellow Lair of my < Nellie when aha wea a Uttle lot ol Tbe: shock atsgger&d; me ao that 1 sank on my fcsew. 1 wipad my ©yes and wondered If I had wot gore cmy. I was almost nvrtaln of H when die ghost stretched out a pair of shabby while arms and ssfff: 44 4 Hew fie, grandpa ?'F " Ah," aaid tbe gueet, with a relieved aagh, ! 441 begin to see. Audwbstdid yuu do then f V 441 don't exactly know* aaid tbe landlord, seftly, 44 but if there U anything tbat will band a stiff, stubborn nook quicker tbsn the arms ol aUttlr child, IU like to Jeaow what it la, 1 put the tired little prisoner down by the fire, opened the door aud held out my arms " (> And the mother f * " V«,"holdvd the.laudilord " Tbqy vnt both tb<m, and, mister, I gums that's tbeeod ofaysioiy." And tbe old msb wiped his eyas. " You most excuse me»bolthst waa a wet even* iog, and somehow 1 -haven't gatjqaito dry moee.' 