Religions Services. Quarry Hill Congregational Church. —The anniversary of the Christian Endeavor So ciety was celebrated yesterday. The presi dent of the Endeavor Society (the Her. C. Stork) preached to a largo congrogation in the afternoon, taking Ids text from Genesis, 1 18th diopter, and 24th verse—“Abraham said, Wilt thou destroy also the righteous with the wicked?” the sermon being spe cially applicable to Endeavorers. Mr. John Mair preached in the evening, there being again a largo attendance. Church of Christ, Eaglohowk.—Dr. Cook preached 'to a good congregation in tins church last night from Luke, 24tli chapter, 45th and 46th verses—“Then opened Ho their understanding that they might under stand the scriptures. And said unto them, Thus it is. written, and thus it behoved Christ to suffer 1 and to rise from the dead the third day.” The day" which the text spoke, Pentecost, was, said the preacher, a groat day in Jerusalem, The Holy Ghost descended on the people, but those who wore attracted out of curiosity by the groat noise thought it was only tho drunken frolicking of a sot of ignorant lean fishermen. The same thing applied to tho present"day. Unbelievers thoughtthoso who accepted salvation were wasting their tiino;--They might also say a preacher though in earnest was wasting his time preaching the gospel. But if they received the Holy Ghost they ■would think and act differently. Forest street Wosloydh.-~At.thia church last evening' the musical portion of tho ser vice was undertaken by tho Long Gully Wesleyan choir, who rendered the anthems, “Sing Untjo God” and "Blessed be tho King” (Simper), .with great expression and effect. Tlio Forest street choir' visited the Long Gully Wcalpyan Church. The preacher for tho evening was-the Bov. S. .'Adamson, who gave on able discoursefrom tho 18th, IQfcli and 20th versos of tho 5th chapter of St. Mark. Tho preacher referred to tho miracle enacted by Christ in casting out the devils froip tho demoniac, and pointed out that by His divine power Christ was able to cast out all the spirits-of evil from man. Ho would cleanse all from sin if they gave themselves wholly up to Him. 