ROtAN C",ATHOLIC.:: YESTIDDAY (PonIeCost Sunday) alnil the seor vices at BS. Potor and Paul's Cathedral were commomorative of thebo groat event of theo coming of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostics. They were also of specoial local intereot for two reasons. It was on Whit Sunday thirty two years ago that his Lordship the Bight Rev. Dr. Lanigan was consecrated Bishop in theo old church on whose lte the cathedral now stands. Accordingly yesterday wooas the thirty- second anniversnry of his Lordship's consecration, and it wao a source of great satisfaotion that he Wae able to coy maee-ini foot is quite strong again. He celebrated the night o'clock nsoeo without chowing any signs of fatigue. He administered Holy Commau nino and also addressed the congregation. The other event was the ordination to the priesthood of four students of Mary's Mount at the eleven o'clock macs. His Lordship the Bight BReov. Dr. Galltgher-was the oflloiating Bishop, and theo.names of the four rev. gentlemen whom ho ordained are :-Father Benedict Abel O.P.; Father OCharles Jerger O.P., Father Ignatius Lencosrer O.P., and Father Bernard Rlobertson O.P. The first and. looast named are -Tasmanians, Father Oiarleos is n German, and Fuather Ignatius an. Hniclihhloaoi. The ceremony, including the sermon, lasted two houre. At eleven o'clock the clergy came in pro cesalon from the eereEaty, the candidates for ordination each carrying a lighted candle the symbol of divine faith and love-and the pricet'd vestments folded. The Bishop, with mitre and crozier, brought up the rear, and on reaching the altar he began the maeo, and continued till the Epistle. At this stage Father Vincent, Provincial of the Paeoonisot Fathers, preached tey sermon. After refer ring to the feae?t of the day and its suitability for the ceremony of ordination, he spoke of BishopLanuigan' conoecration and his thirty two yeare' work, and expressed the hope that he may long be spared to the priests and people of hie important diocese. ' io then referred to the ideal of the Pnoalonilnt mim. eionary as represented by Dr. Gallegher in hibo sermoan at the opening of Mary's Mount Retreat. Finally he gave a brief drocription of the ceremony that woas about to take place and concluded by asking the congregation to pray focvently for the now prietso during the mace. -o ie.. dtecended from'then lcit nea navtng[veoted o a cope no preeentetarot foun deacons to the' Biohop and aakcd him to ordain thom.priete.' The Biehop replied by asking if they were worthy. He answered that, so far a0 ho could aosertain they were worthy of the priestly office. The Bishop than addressed the clergy and people, and then the fourr deacone. Then the Litany of the Baint'n wan nung. Next the Bishop placed hie two hande on the head of each of the four and after him all the priests preeuont did likewise. Then, ourrounded by the prieets and he and they holding their right hnads over the four candidatec, he prayed aloud. Aftcrweardo he put the prient'e stolo on each and the pricoatL's outer vastmnnt or chasuble folded however on their ohouldoto. Then he prayed again and intoned the hymn, Come, Holy Ghoot which was aong by the priesto and the choir. Then be anointed the honds of each with holy oil nod bleat them. Then ho gave apaten with bread on it and a chalice with oine to each and gave them power to offer Ste eoaritoo of the mane. Then he continuond hin own moue and from the offertory the now priesto joined him in maying it. Ho gave them communion, uing a peoalal formula oft prayer, and they purified themselves with wino -ea 'he did. Then the new pricets recited the. Apostlet' Creed. After this the Biehopplaoed his hands on thba head of each. -and gave him 'power to absolve eine, ueing the formula given in the goopel by which the came power wae ron felred on the'Apoetleo. Ho thee fully vetted each as o priaest and alced them severally if they would be obedient to their cooleoiaotieal osuperior. As each replied in the afflhrmative he hissed him. He then blessed them aund concluded the mace, tha new prieato norom panying him to the end. After the maso was oer the large coegro gation kept for a long time thronging to the altar-raile to receive the new prieent' blessing. During the ceremony the choir performed its -part in an admirable manner, Mr. MoConnell presiding at the grand organ in hic uoual ea* cellent style. After the functions were over his Lordehip Bishop Lanigan with Dr. Gallagher and the cathedral prieats entertained at dinner the Paeeionist Iathere, including the four mem berm of the order who had been jUalt aised to the priesthood. - Solemn vespers at eoven o'clock with an excettenat ermon appropriatet to the feast of the day and tbohe.eovent which had taken plaone, preached by teov. Dr Daly, brought.the day's functions to a fitting conelueflo. 