GIANTS, CREAT ASTD SMALL. (By Rev. Joseph Parker, D.D.) 'The children of the giant, the brother of Go liath, the Gittite, a man of great stature, a mon ster in magnitude, he defied Israel and he was slain.' — I. Chron. xx., 24-26. A curious reading this is, the giant, the son oif the giant, the children of the giant, ' the man of great stature. No doubt con sidered very terriJble in war in the oJden times;- things change in their relations and magnitudes aTids-hn/portance. This is rough reading, but it is nothing to the tale we can tell. This 'was poor, rude fighting, more stonethrowing and body-thrusting compared with the war in which we are engaged- It was a trifling strife. They were giants in those days, Ibhey are giants in our days. There is nothing in all his tory so great as t&e; history of tihe present, there is no moment of tiitie so pregnant with the meaning of eternity as the mo ment of our present breathing, but reia tions change: they vary in insignificance as they vary in 'perspective. There is no Old Testament in the sense of absolute tes tament if we search into the meaning and purpose of things. The old Aaronic ritual is still going on, not in its mechanics, not in that wondrous apparatus of which we read whilst the church was in the wilder ness. But as to culture, diligence, daily sacrifice, eternal burning of the incense of a pure love — those things go on, and will go on, till the golden gates be opened, and 'the reason of the vision, and the training, the discipline, and the pain is made clear: ?You 'tremble when you read the names of these giants. There is no need 'to tremble. A deadlier giant is aiming at your heart to-day. The externals have changed as to apparatus, and nomenclature, and environ anenit, and all thalt sort df vanishing vapor, but the fight goes on— the tremendous rush of arms. The Philistines and Israelites meet face to face, and there can be no ipeafce. They rdpre^ent different words, different idea.?, aftnosipiheres, purposes; they never tan compromise. June cannot compromise with Decemlber. The blos som and full flawer of the early summer, and the summer grown to its zenith height ?and glory, these cannot compromise with ice and snow and dhi'Hing pitiless winter. What giants have you been fighting? You have got through the first crude lot. How do you know it? It was a mere mob of blackguards. The hostility itself was vul gar, coarse, contemptible. The mischief is lest, thinking that we have got through that mob of scoundrelism and villainy visible and .palpable, that therefore the fighting is done. Fighting never ends until the body is in the grave or is laid out for the last .iou-mey. You have killed the giant of falsehood. . You would not for the world be thought to be a liar. Lonjr airo you killed the gjan.t Untruth, the black-faced giant Lies; but it does not therefore follow that you arc now. a true man, that you h'avn eseaned file life and the shame of another false hood. It may, lye subtler, deadlier. Take care! You have overthrown, the giant Dishonesty. There is -no thief in your family. Take care! Ah, talfe care! 'Thou shalt --not steal.' I have kept that commandhnt from mv youth un in the King's name. I stop thee and bid tbee be less fluent. ' What is stealing?. What is. a thief? In the- old time a robber despised a thief. A great distinction is drawn now in the Testamen't between thieves and rob bers. Thieves were little, mean, contemp tible apers of pitrantic maiestic robbery. The old-time robber would not speak to the thief. The thieves steal pockethand kerchiefs and trinkets, and smnll coins of the realm. A robber 6eizes provinces, king doms, emnires. He was not. a' handkerchief etealer. He never 'rtade himself an object of special interest in what we should call the police court. He was' a thief on a gi gantic scale. A man. who takes one life is hanged: the man who, 'slays five. hundred in war has the thanks of Parliament voted to him. You have overcome with a shudder of shame the giant of Sensuality; ' That rough giant is dead. You are not victims of debauchery; you attend- lectures on purity; you do many curious things. Is .-there, then, no fighting to be done now? Do we say that there were giants in the old times';' giants of the body and giants of wickedness? Let us make no mistake about the true meaning of old giants and archaic woes. it.'jB;r;^i&ingj;:;S^^fKis^6iftpiCriio^ Ire -mim 3n?Telati6n1^%ia|ib^ltf ;S3uM= i%SJs i «6f Jootonr ;at r ^hiniaS ^He is %enig? Bea tien'.-a&wn;'and paralysed; npdudifledj fl&d; ' ^yr^iBM'*:'^;A-''m^t'-- iin^ten6iffi-':';p'D''!fr^ which -the magistrate ican take ab -accoufitp of. Unbelief ! That is an invented word, that is aii enemy amongst ^wprde. ^t ought to be;«alled: upon to account ; for itself ???&? being mvntl^a^^e^The^rmdoibais tardy is on its fade^ It isa word of shame/ But we are ratbjer:i-roud , of fighting with the gianirUnbelief, and showing -thus how extremely intellectual we are, that we liave eY^ ™own the Very existence of the word unbelief may show what .marvellous'giantB of mind we are; TTou have overcome all these giants.. ??-.?*? ? ,PHIDi-; AND COVETOUSNESS. . As for murder, you could not dream or it. ifl.ere...is^ something worse' in your family; there is something worse in your heart. There is more said in the? Bjble against pride than against murder, and you are proud to be proud if you say I am a proud woman. What? Go hr God's grace .and convert the 'woman. See how the Bible grows up into spirituality. There is one commandment which says, ?'Thou shalt not kill.' To that we instantaneously, assent and consent. - 'Certainly not,' we say. Kill? Who would kill? Is thy servant a dog that he should do this thing? Take care! Men do not stop with the seventh or eighth . commandment. Would to. God you could write the words without blushing. Go on to the .ninth, 'Thou shalt not covet.' There soul tackles spirit ; there the Holy Ghost looks face to face to the human soul; there the vul garity of crime is lost sight of, and the spirituality of sin is reckoned. Not until then can we distinguish between crime and sin', nor can we make any real progress in God's standing. ; INGRATITUDE. Have you fought down and conquered the giant of Ingratitude? Who thinks about the spiritual sins? Who is not horrified by crime and draws his garments around him in attestation of the shock to his re finement? There may T-e niore sin in -in- gratitude than in some murders. A mur der may have been done in hot blood; in haste, to be repented of evermore through ages eternal; to be regretted and deplored, as a lasting bruise of the soul. Ingratitude is slow, mean, deliberate, calculating, cruel. Ingratitude may proceed by system; it means the most horrible of all neglect; ii means the debt that swallows up the soul in some black pool. The giant of In gratitude takes a great deal of fighting. Let me pierce myself morning by morning at such ingratitude as that. Have you been thankful; do you kiss the hand to which you owe so many benefits; do you seek to serve the cause of Him who redeemed you, and to whom you owe every hair of your head and every breath of your body? Have you forgotten God? I thought the day of war was over. No! Not so long as there is one deviV to be resisted, one evil desire to be quenched, one foul tempta HEROISM IN LITTLE THINGS. Have you -overthrown the giant of your own Ambition, that sordid, calculating am bition, that always wishes to shoulder out some other man and get the foremost place in the race of life? — that arabitfon which is the lie of appearance, which is the false hood of fashions, which steals the livery that it may steal its substance. The wars and fights of drum and trumpet blare are now rending atmospheres. The danger does not lie always along what may be called the line of giants. There are more difficult forces to contend with than the visible and measurably gigantic. There is not a giant to fight ever3rone of us, bu't here is a foe that every soul must know and confront and dethrone, or whom it must overthrow. You could shoot an evil beast, but an army could not overtake the Colorado bee tle. .' There would be plenty of men who, at other people's expense, would go to dis tant countries to shoot big game. Poor fools! If they would pay* their own way 13111 I would think a little less harshly of them. So many people are prepared for siants who are not prepared for beetles, and. bacilli, and germs that infest the air. Many persons would do heroic things who are only called upon to do little simple daily domestic things. There is many a young man in the city who would declare at ft certain period of the process of dining that he would go through fire and water for his fatherland mother. The poor old folks do not want the foolish boy to go through fire and wa'ter; they would like him to drink less, and to smokeless, and to come home a little earlier at night. And yet he, beered and wined into a state of degradation, wants to go through fire and water, both of which must be profoundly ashamed of him. Any persons are willing to do very heroic deeds. One friend has been very glad to build an orphanage that ?would accommodate a thousand' orphans. Stop! Begin with the one orphan that is at your door: that is your present scale of heroism. Don't try to exaggerate ibg, ; If you would not keep the-one little orphan! dare not trust you with the 999 other or phans. If a man cannot keep one day in seven to the Lord,' I have little hope that if a man cannot consecrate one day in seven to the Lord, I have loittle hbpe_ that he will consecrate the whole eeven^.-If a man will not give one- tenth of hisancome to the altar, I shall have no faith in his loud heroics when he declares that 'all mine belongs to God.' I bid you beware that there are many ass&ilants; and ene mies who are not giants, by name, but are giants in influence, in obstinacy of pur pose, in a cruel determination to ruin your soul. Have you calculated the force of little thines?' Read me the plagues of Egypt- Lions, tigers, ' elephant*— it? that how the story runs? Not a word. But what are the plagues? Anything bigger than a frog? Lice, flies, little .things— these excited the alarms of Egypt and brought Egypt to her knees. You and I are not called upon to fight a giajit of Gath or bis son or the monster referred to in the text, but we are called upon to fight many in sects, bacilli, germs of poison — thingsthat require a micros-cope to discover, so minute ? as to be 'to the naked eye actually invisible, and yet on the 'top of your finger you migh't have as many of them as would people any city in the World as to mere nunYbers.. To that fight we are call ed— the fight of spirits with spirits, soul with influence. MICROSCOPICAL DEVILS. Do you suppose an eagle fears any foes? Think of those pinions of steel, those eyes of fire, that beak of brass. Yet the eagle is maddened to death by the. hummin). tiird. not bigger than the joint of a finger. The jumming bird, according to the natu ralist, 'fastens itself ,on the neck of the eagle, where no pinion can strike it,' no beak can- get at it;,' no strength can ap prodch it;J7i,. Thpre ..t1ie;,; little .tormentor Bite and wprks.jjhe ruin, of the eagle. Oh, ?: '?'?- ' ' '??'?;'* ' .??.?;.— '^?#.:'-''' -. ' -? .-''?. ,-?'?'? ;? ?'' '?:'. ?'? '?'? .'??£-'?-.? ?' ,:i ' ?a.*';''*'1?'- ', v-- ? '-. '' ??'-.'.? -IV ?'? ?-. '? .-??. -.-,-Ji-:--- iS»'.'i',-v,.:-?i;--:i.;V'.-.V. : ? v-: ??;;'„':.- \\- ?nil ^pme^oye'! 5o£ ^ashKiti,? »&nie;^-cea6i|6n«ii! :Wit^Ch%tefa-l ^sire '-\ X -i ep-nj£ ;'. Saiiit -^jtMt ' ^gradually : obtaihs ^ and. sebijres~'1;lie\ anas-. *ery- of vthfe soul. MjJYjbu'iaTiiBee ' a' greiaity :inan oyenthroKra -by. an ui^ct. hWit. . --hi -the pity b^itj-^blj/riikeyaprrojyjl.^rjys^e -hayje -i^uailM'eB/'ih^;i:.e&^'-''a7a;r-.9U--iheV:'i^podi;'.: wpi'k of ^ the doojt vand 'leave's 'iothipg but av.coat bf' paint, «6 jithat- tin fitping . to 'the. d6pr to open it 4t. falls to pieces on the slightest pressure. : That is .translated into, the life of. to-day and into' the life of every dayC The paint is right, the exterhalism . is beyond . cTpiticism; all seems to be well, but take, care! ^ior the. white ant bas eaten 'up all the interior, and nothing is left but some flake of paint. You : have read of the wonderful, man, Livingstone; he tells of the tsetse fly. It is a winged insect. There is the noble ox, a symbol of things strong and noble. Livingstone says that the tsetse fly will alight on that ox, puncture the shining skin of the unsuspecting and undefended beast, and to-morrow and the next day, and the next day. .A week hence, and that nolble quadruped will have sunk upon the ground, a mass of putrid flesh. These are the giants we have 'to fear. They cannot be morally defined and understood. We are not called upon to fight fire and water, and great hordes and rabbles of- enemies and shocking vulgarities and incarnations, but we are called upon to fight the tstse fly, the stinging insect that punctures the character; little by little the poison pene trates the whole tissue, arid out goes the life; and he who might have been a prince in the house of God is there a foul car case on the roadside that no dog would attempt ft- devour. How are the mighty fallen! How is the eye become -dim! We must, not be afraid of singularity. We must not be afraid of being just what we are. ' The love of appearances is the insect' that is eating up some people. The fear of eccentricity is leading others in an evil but a fashionable way. I am speakihg joit of those who can honestly contravene this statement, but of the great bulk of the people who ' really have no sincere, enthu siastic convictions regarding Christ, His cross, His estimate of sin, His standard of judgment, and His hold of destiny. We cannot much longer live in this poor way.. The Church is being honeycombed, the sanctuary is being. deserted: the Bible is not being cut in pieces with a penknife, as in the olden time of Jeremiah, but it is being neglected, laid aside 'that something else may take its place: it is being should ered, and forgotten; and if we do not bring it back to its right place the atheist will nqt, the carnalist will not, the' selfish man will not. The Book appeals to us. If we are not true to the Book, we cannot be true to the books that belong to it. 