! The Origin of Chrislnins Annuals. >- SomenulhorltleK now argu" that the , " Chrlstmns Carol" was the real found'1 tlon ot the Annual. If »o, H I" rl"" ' to nbte that the edltlo prlncepB appeared >w l»a ihA umiLll i- in a little voiume \eiy !»»-» » — ' IjlU-rUius'deHcvIlies It Published ' not 111 red but In brown cloth with gilt " edges, gilt design, and green end nape". On page 1 the head words rend, Stave ' 1" Thfi words 11 8tuvo 1' Inrtlcutc u later Ishuo, no matter how the book may t>a bound. . It is also, perhaps, nmuslng to note ''' that tho market price of the first edition I': of the "Christmas Carol" runB from E3 ... 10s. upwards. . . Let It bo icnvwn, however, that, u«h- ' rilte Its world-wide popularity, the au- : thor regarded the Carol as more or less a , - commercial fullure Isle). He wi ltes . ' "I found the Carol accounts waiting for \- me, and they woro the cause of It (Ill ness). The first 80C0 copies show a profit of £230, and the Inst four will yield as ' jnuoh more. I had net my heart and ' -eoul on a thousand clear." . It Is ovldent from the character of the ' preface that Dickons counted on what night he called a general circulation, for he says " I have endeavoured In tills ghostly little hook to raise the ghost of an Idea which shall not put my readers « out of humour with thomselves, with taoh other, with the aeaaon, or with me. May it haunt their houses pleasantly, ' and no mm wish to iny II-" „ Neither "Tho Carol," "The Chimes, i. "The Crlcltot on tho Hearth," "The Battle of Dlfn," nor "The Haunted Man ' fulfilled Jn any way the expectations of he wrltor. "The truth was," writes the biographer of Dickens, "ns to all the :ChrlatmuH stories Issued In this form, " -that the price churned v-as too large, for the public addressed by them was too little to remunerate their outlay ; and When In later years he put forth similar fancies for Chilstmas, charging for them fewer pence than tho shillings eliurged for theBO, he oounted his pur ah: rors— 