OUR COSSACK NEIGH- BOURS. COSSACK, April 7. (BY OCB COSSACK CORRESPONDENT.) After the long succession of holidays which have just passed it is quite cheering to see business resumed once more, and things looking quite brisk. The Salodin arrived from Southern ports yesterday morning, bringing about 60 tons of cargo and quite a number of passengers for the Nor'-West, among whom were Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Gillam, who have been having a tour of the Eastern Colonies. Mr. Gillam brings with him 80 sheep from Mr. W. OXcer's station at Zara, New South Wales. They consist of 60 flock raniB, 25 stud eves, 1 extra stud ram and ram lamb. This latter iB evidently the pick of the lot, the wool being remarkably thick all over the body, even down the legs to the toes. There were none lost during the trip, and the condition in which the; were landed yesterday shows the amount of care and attention that has been expended on them during their trip. An old friend in the shape of Captain James Irvine turned up on Wednesday morning with his lugger Jessie. Captain Irvine, who at one time was manager for the Fanny Thornton pearling fleet, has decided to again try his luck as a pearler, and intends working with Captain Parkes' fleet. Captain Tagg is busy getting new masts into the Post Boy, which was dismasted in the recent gale, and should be ready for sea very shortly. The Albany arrived from Broome during the night, and was expected to leave before morning. Owing to the fact that she was delayed so long at Broome she has not completed the usual trip to "Wyndham, but I understand that another of the company's steamers is on her way up to Broome to pick up the mails there, It seems a most scandalous «t»te of affaire that the police do not put« stop to men camping on the beach within the limits of the township. The practice is becoming a positive nuisance. On many occasions when happening to walk as far as the wharf in the early morning I have noticed them rolling their swags and boiling the billy, but the other morning I gQw a man actjplly dressing himself after seven o'clock, and that within 30 yards of the front door of a resident. The sight must have been very edifying to the occupant if he happened to notice it, especially as there were ladies in the house at the time. There is a notice posted on the door of the wharf-shed in Cossack to the effect that Australians seeking employment on railways are warped gof to |o to Singapore, (hat State has no funds available for "repatriating indigent Australians." Great Cesar's ghost, and this notice is signed by the Colonial Secretary of Singapore. Do the Singapore Government fpfget that for many yearn this colony tiupported quite a number of their Chinese lunatics in the Fremwitte A*rium, and eventually shipped them back at this colony's expense, and that the ratepayers of this colony are still supporting them in Singapore. Not that I wish to put the indigent Australian on a par with the Chinese lunatic, but from the tenor of the notice it would appear thftt S^ganorp is over-tan with this class of Avptraliau. 