CHAPTER H. •The President of the Republic of San Jfartina ..paused-.for. a moment with the pen in -his fingers. - At his right hand stood Colonel Juan Sanarez, second in command of the army and a'man of note in San Martina. On his other side was Senor Mopez, secretary and general adviser to the President himself and the principal attorney of his dominion. In a chair at the opposite end of the- table was Dene. "'Before I sign this deed, Senor Dene," itihe President said, laying down his pen and -taking the long "black cigar from, his mouth, "there is a clause which, if it be aceptahle to you, I should desire to add. Mine is a small dominion. My army, brave and -well-disciplined though it certainly is, numbers but a few hundreds. The popu lation of San Martina Has in it many troublesome elements—it is necessary to keep always a firm hand over them." Dene, ivao a few months ago had seen a policeman hung from a lamp-post to commemorate a saint's day, _ felt himself able to agree with the President so far. He signified -the same gravely and waited for more. "Now, by this deed," the President con tinued, tapping it with a plump forefin ger, "I yield to you on lease for nine hun dred and ninety-nine years the Valley of Beau Desir. It is very well. Now, you have there already dependents of yours over two hundred—English most of them, I believe. Their numbers will increase, kou will become a power in my country. Is it not so, senor?" "It is more than likely," Dene answered, comparing for a moment in his mind the heterogeneous mob. who tnronged the streets of San Martina with the sturdy, hard-working band of men who were mak ing fertile the Valley of Beau Desir. "To-day," the President continued, "San Martina is at peace and free from dis sensions, owing to our judicious arrest and , imprisonment of the most troublesome mis-1 creant who ever cursed an unfortunate country by making it his place of resi dence. But how long will this continue? Who can say?" "Who can say?" echoed Sanarez. ""Who indeed can say?" repeated IMopez gloomily. "If I did my duty," the President, de--' clared solemnly, "I should have that man shot. But I am too merciful. Is it not so, my friends? I am too merciful. I shrink from taking human jife." Sanarez and Mopez exchanged' glances, . and a covert smile lurk ed for a moment on the lips of! both of them. They knew very" well that i if President Rimarez dared he would order this traitor to be shot that very in-1 stant without hesitation and with a light heart—that he was even now engaged in completing arrangements for his secret as sassination. But the ways of small re publics in the Southern Hemisphere are peculiar, and they he] a their peace. "No," President Rimarez continued, with a sigh; "it is a weakness, senor, for which I trust you will not despise me; but I eannot bring myself to. sign this man's death warrant. At the same time, he has stirred up a troublesome spirit amangst my | people, closely though he is confined. Whilst he lives . he is a source of secret j danger to the republic. A rising is not probable, but, as time goes on, who can say? One must be prepared. The clause, senor, which I propose to add to our agree-1 ment is simply this, that in the event of any insurrection in my dominion you en gage yourself to bear arms for the Govern ment who grants you this charter." Dene moved uneasily in . his Chair and looked thoughtful.. The prospect opened'up by the President's words, carefully guarded though they had been, was not a pleasant one. He spoke slowly and thoughtfully. "This comes rather as a surprise to me, President," -he said. "My men are men of peace, farm -laborers and artisans most of them. I doubt whether they can, any of them, even handle a revolver." The President smiled indulgently. 'They are mostly English," he said. 'And Englishman with their fists alone are a match for some of these low half-breeds with their shoddy weapons. -Do not let] that concern you. If there should- he an insurrection it would be an insurrection of ill-armed cowards, whom my few brave I soldiers would scatter like Chaff. Yet it is well to make provision. Some such clause as this should, I think, he inserted." Dene remained silent: "I must admit," he said, after a lengthy pause, "that this opens- up to me I a fresh view of the matter be fore us. If civil war is a pes-1 si'bility -here, am I wise to invest much money in land, whose crops and j cattle might be liable to destruction at any moment by a raid on the part of the. rebels? To tell you the truth, I bad fail-1 cied that your State was too small for any trouble of tins sort." A shade of anxiety crosed the President's face. He stole a glance at the great pile of bills which lay between them on the table. The republic,' and particularly its President, was in urgent need of funds— | this money was like a godsend. An uncom fortable sensation chilled him at the bare idea of any hitch in the negotiations. ■ "Civil war," be said slowly, "is possible anywhere. At the same time I do not wish to give you a false impression. I say that it is possible anywhere, but I think I may add that I could think of no spot in Central or South America where it is so unlikely to occur as here." + The colonel and the secretary exchanged glances of admiration. Truly, President Rimaiez was a great man. Their morn ing had been pleasantly spent in trying and shooting two of the secret agents of. the popular party in Sin Martina, and the disclosures which they had elicited by means not altogether in vogue amongst civilised nations had greatly increased the President's desire to obtain possession of this very useful sum of money. "Then why insert it at all?" Dene said. The President shrugged his shoulders. "In a document of this nature,"-he said, tapping with his forefinger the sheets of folded paper, "many contingencies have to be provided for, which are, to say the least . of it, very unlikely to occur. I look upon [ civil war, under our present administra- j tion, as about as improbable as an earth quake. Yet, as our friend Senor Mopez! will tell us, some mention of such an event ; is legally a necessity. But come, we shall j not quarrel. Bah! The idea is absurd. | This suggestion is not welcome to you? j Very good. I will amend it. We will in- • sert a clause by which we guarantee to ; supply neither food nor shelter, arms or j men, to any person or persons engaged -.fl.-H.-__ 1__; i +V,_ in rebellion against, or outlawed from, the j State of San Martina. This you • cannot | object to, for you take-the oath of alle- i giance to the Republic, and to myself, as ■ President, when you take possession of j Beau Desir." ' 1 "That," Dene said, "I agree to. But • I will be frank with you. The mere sug- - gestion of war here has made me a little : uneasy. It is most distasteful to me. Now ; I shall. ask you to insert some such clause i as this—that in the event of any . of . the i possessions, crops, machinery, or domiciles j of myself or any of my people being de- j stroyed or damaged by any insurrection in ; San Martina that we are at liberty to : claim compensation from the Govern- ] ment." The President and bis two advisers ex- ! changed rapid glances. The same thought was in the minas of all of them. A claim ' for compensation in their courts would 'be : rather a joke. The ghost of a smile flic kered upon the lips of all of them. They eonfered for a moment in whispers. Then the President turned round and gravely announced that they bad decided to waive ] their natural objections to such a clause. | "We have given you, Senor Dene," the President said, "a very favorable charter, . because we believe in you and your sys- i tem, and because we know that where Englishmen are prosperity follows. We are now agreed. He •dipped his pen in the ink and with a magnificent splutter wro'te his name with many flourishes across the great red seal. Dene followed his example. The notary took the pile of 'bills to another table and carefully counted them. "You have made, Senor Dene," the President said, leaning back in his chair I and lighting a fresh cigar, "a very excellent ] bargain. I will not conceal it from you that we have yielded to your wishes on many points because your money comes to us at a time when it can very profitably be made use of." "In the extension of our new system of | schools," the notary put in quietly, glanc ing up from his task. Precisely," the President remarked, thinking of that little French schooner laden with rifles and revolvers which lay i in the bay waiting for the money before she would consent to land her cargo. "We are anxious," he continued, "to establish a scheme of free education throughout San Martina on a 'broad an'd sound basis." "A very excellent thing," said Dene, ris-1 ing and thrusting the charter into his pocket. The . President laid his hand upon his shoulder. "You must come with me," he said, "and be presented to my wife and daughter. They await us now. In your honor they have, I believe, prepared your national re freshment, afternoon tea, is it not, you call it?" Dene expressed his delight an'd the Presi dent took 'his arm. They left the room together. • Colonel Sanarez and -the secretary ex changed glances as soon as they found themselves alone. "What an imbecile," exclaimed the former. "It is the folly of his thick-skulled nation," agreed the secretary. "The money is all right, is it not?" the colonel asked eagerly. The other nodded." Yes, except that I wish it had been Jn/Hille i'lva l>m»a ii'n •miicf. CPTl/1 all in'bills, fhe draft here we must send to Buenos A.vres. It cannot be paid into the National Bank." "And why not?" demanded the colonel. Mopez smiled. "Unfortunately,, as our most distinguish ed President remarked, the finances of San Martina are scarcely" in that condition | which one would expect in so admirably governed a State. The National Bank 'have refused 'to honor our bonds, and the manager is at this moment hiding in the cellar and expecting to be hauled out and shot every hour. As a1 matter of fact the republic of San (Martina is to-day without a banking account. "I will tell you," the colonel said, "how: we can dispose of the "draft. We can pay it to the Frenchmen for that cargo of ctrins." • {'* . /■ "It would ;be," the notary ;said thought fully, "a scandalous waste of public money cash:, for the whold: shipment.".. [e 'will .never leave them without," the colonel replied gloomily. "He is a berson without 'breeding or any sense of delicacy. We sent a bbat this morning for a hundred rifles, with ah" order signed T>y the Govern-; ment, and; he, refused, positively' refused, to send them:" '• "Miscreant." "He was worse. He sent hack a mes sage which was an- insult: ' He "said" 'The money with tne order, or no rifles. He had been here before.' The rasoal." The secretary smiled softly." "We must see, my friend," he said, "whether it may not be possible for us to give him a lesson in manners. Meanwhile, a cigarette.": . h , (To be continued.) 