ROYAL GHOSTS AND THEIR HAUNTS. One would think that, few of our Kings, Queens, and Princesses would care to revisit the earth on "which they had more suffering than joy; yet legends are -told not only by the ignorant and therefore credulous, but also by educated and cultured people, of strange apparitions and weird visious in jur Royal Palaces and ou the banks of our royal river—the Thames. To do them justice, these Royal ghosts, although not always well-behaved, are seldom terrifying; indeed, only two apparitions are really unpleasant, and both of them come from the ranks of Henry VHI'sjnauy wives. On a certain moonlight night every year Anne Bpleyn, or rather the spook of that ill-fated lady, is supposed to rido down the avenue of Blickley Park in a coach drawn by four headless horses, and driven by a headless coachman. Moreover, in her lap she holds her own beautiful head, -so ruthlessly chopped off 1 by the command of the ' greatest widower in Euglish history.! In the Haunted Gallery at Hampton Court a-terrible scene is enacted at certain,times. Down tho corridor and into the chapel rushes a white-robed figure with .streaming hair; phantom soldiers iu quaint fifteenth century garb-pursue her, and she utters piercing screams as they catch her and force her away. If you ask the origin of the legend, this will be yonr answer:—When King Henry VIII was meditating a divorce from Queen Catherine, she was kept locked in | a room leading from the Long Gallery. -Qne.day she eluded her guards, and knowing that her Royal husband was then in chapel spending liis time iu silent meditation, .the unhappy lafiy ran to liis pew to beg for mercy. Her guards caught her : at the very .dbor and dragged her away, screamtpjj, the Sing continuing his uieditations.apparently quite unmoved. I . Tho ladiBS'wlio inhabit Hampton Court are, many ot them, firm beliovers in the spirits that haunt this place, and cer- Swaljfip'ieaving all actual visions out of the question,-strange noises, sudden open-, iug of doors, and snatches of^song^with 110 singer visible play havoc with the nerves of their visitors. ' " .Catherine of Arragon also haunts Hampton, but contents herself with ap- •pearlng ou a' certain oaken staircase, walking through Queen's Gate—a beauti- fully carved archwa^j* witli oiak doors— iand then disappeariug. -SheaHvays wears trailing black garments, and carries a taperiiuJier-liand, aud people say that. it wtadtUiis she, was wont to join the Kixig at Jasper. .This article would be incomplete if-I omitted to mention tliat the spiders -in Hampton Court are a peculiar speoies only found in that spot; they are a light grey dolor, and so large as to be almost like laud crabs, and are supposed: to.be inhabited by the spirit of Wolsey. . , 