S H ©RT S TORY. t ./]\ /|% /|N rT nr- '!» FROM A TEC'S DIARY. FAIB AND FAU3E) 0B, A LIFE FOB A UF£. T looks deucedly y°u saw rA {gjpK ? Nsa young woman §* running a« if gi \ she was mad in these buildings, and that ten minutes after the man fol lowed uttering vowe of vengeance 1 ' *? Yes, that is eo, Dyson.' ' And. the man and tbe woman both dis appeared near here ? ' ' Yes ! And they must be in one of the houses, or else have made a bolt of it out in the fields at the back.' ' And, to discover if there is any mischief we must go over each of these half-built tenements ! ' ' That is our only plan ! ' 'What had we better do ? Shall we wait for a little more light, or make a search at once \ 'Well, the dawn is almost upon us now ; in another quarter of an hour it will be broad daylight.' 'So it will ; and from what you have told me there's evidently something wrotg between that man and woman whom you followed here, so we will just see if we j can find either of them in the buildings, j Pipley ! You Are sure that the man dis appeared on this spot ? ' ' Certain, Dyson.' ?' Very well. We'll look over the first house in the row. We never know after those Whitechapel horrors what tra mo- rn ay be going on, especially ? iu a lonely half-built block such as this new grove.' The two policemen who had been con versing in tlie forecourt of one of some half-dozen villa-like houses in course of erection upon a plot of ground adjoining some fields in North London (tbe pre cise neighbourhood for obvious reasons, as Will be seen later on, we suppress), now made their way into the first structure. This house, roofed in, and each floor near completion, took the constables some little time to go over, and finding nothing to cause alarm, it was almost with a sensation of relief that tiiey continued to prosecute their search in tbe other buildings, some of which were but half finished. The pair of them must have made theii way in at the front when you missed them, and eone right on out at the back into iht rickfields, Pipley ! You saw them both disappear here ? ' ' Yes ; the woman first, the man a few minutes after her.' *' And hearing his foul language atui threats you hastened in bis footsteps ?' ' Exactly ; and lost sight of him just u you came up.' ' Well, there is something wrong, ! fancy ; I don't like your account of the matter ! ' ' I was startled, Dyson, when the youn^ woman rushed by ; she was, too, stylishly dressed, as pretty a woman as I have seen for some time ; she was white as a ghost, and racing a though for her life.' ' She said nothing to you ; did not ask your help ? ' ' No, she flew by ; apparently wild with terror.' ' And the man came soon after her ? ' ' Yes.' ' And you heard him uttering threats ? ' 'Yes ; as he rushed past me I heard niiu say. ' You jade, I'll stop your game.' ' A funny bit of business ! No cry for help, or sound of any kind. Well, we will just look out at the back of this last of trie row, a mere carcase, and give our report in when we get to the station ! It has gont five ! ' ' Yes, and a beautiful morning ; the sun is just rising. How sweet that havvthotn smells ! Pity all that hedge of it should bt deetroyed,' exclaimed the young constable Pipley, as having now, with his comrade, made his way into the field at the rear ot the buildings, he strolled towards a thick hedge of hazel snd hawthorn at the bolt on; of the plot of land on which the villas wci- being ereceted. ' Good heavens, Dyson, look at that tank ! ' Seizing hie companion by the arm, th e youngest of the two police bere drew iii: comrade's attention to a large tank stand ing near the hawthorn hedge— a square. | heavy, zinc vessel used by tbe labDurers. and full of water almost to the brim. A simultaneous cry of horror now escaped from the constables, who, for a moment, stood as though petrified staring at the tank — the tank, rising up out of which were the arms of a woman, the hands clenched, and raised upwards to the skies ! ' As I feared, a foul murder has been done, and perhaps enacted while we stood close at band, 'said Pipley. Recovering from bis fright, the constable Dyson now darted forwards, his comrade, with a shudder, following close beside him. In a moment both were leaning over the tank with frenzied eyes, glaring at what was within. Doubled up, as though thrust down with utmost force, was tho body of a young woman, half sitting, half kneeling, as she had been jammed into the receptacle. Tlie face of the poor thing was turned towards the skies, th«s sisxing eyes fixed and glazed and looking terrible just beneath tbe sur face of the wafer upon which her long and beautiful fair hair floated like a gossamer web of fine gold. ' Wha-a-t has she got in her left hand, Dyson 1 ' gasped the younger of those awe-stricken men. ' A tuft of coarse red hair, and part of a man's necktie, Pipley. Please Heaven those things may help justice in tracking down her assassin.' ?* The man I saw, Dyson. I could swear to that necktie ; it was flying loose from his I vest as he dashed by me, its gaudy pattern ! I could not mistake ; dark though it was I noticed tbe flaming red and yellow and | bright blue.' ' Well, this will be a job for Detective sergeant Win slow j he'll hunt the murderer down. I'll warrant ; but do you eo, Pipley, and Hive the alarm, I'll stay here.' ' All right, I shan't be many minutes ? 3 said the young constable, who, pale and nervous (for he had been but a short time in tlie force) now darted away, leaving his more stoic companion walking up and down near the terrible tank and its grisly con | tents. There was, of-oourse, a-good-deal-of com ment snd wonderment expressed by the Press and public aU&ut; the Grove Murder, as it was called,'' there being not the slightest idea as to who was the assassin. It was at the close of the second week following the fearful crime that the matter wa placed in my hands — the tuft of red hair and gaudy necktie, with the scrap of a torn letter, my only clues. Now as to the hair, as I said to con stables Pipley and Dyson when I met them at the Yard, there was very little to be gained by that. Thousands upon thousands of well-to-do, good, honest, and moral citizens of our modern Babylon were possessed of red hair. Then, again, the necktie was a very showy affair, such as might be worn by a betting man or a fast youth of the day. r But the few lines of writing puzzled ine, though at the same time giving me hope. Another incident, too, in connection with this cruel murder ; robbery had evidently not been its object, two handsome rings and a gold watch and chain being found upon the body, though there was no purse or a single coin. The idea promulgated by many was this, That the mu rderer had been disturbed in his fell deed by learning the vicinity of tbe two constables, whom he may have caught ssght of, or heard talking. ' At the inquest it was discovered thab the poor young lady had been half strangled aud then thrust into the tank of water. The marks of her murderous assailant, were pointed out by the surgeon — a blue livid ring rouud the fair white throat, tosret-ner with the torn, jagged spots where the finger nails of the cruel murderer had been buried in the flesh. The scraps of paper handed to roe by Constable Dvson the latter had picked up just beside the tank ; every search had been made for the missing por tion but without any result. Nothing more was found, and with tins meagre clue I was set to work to hunt down the murderer of that poor girl, done so cruelly to death that bright May morning. I was fairly puzzled over this job, for I was convinced that I had somewhere before seen the features of that dead girl when I looked in at the inquest. In vain, however, I tried to recall the when and where. What with this idea and the mysterious paper, I got fairly dazed over the matter I conned over the torn letter until I grew more irritated than 1 had ever been when engaged in a far more difficult and hopeless task, for the few lines were a fair enigma I in vain tried to solve, and yet I felt assured if I could only gather their meaning it would serve me as a clue. Very obscure and vague, indeed, were the few lines of the torn epistle, which ran thus Dear Miss D Everyday at 11 Mo I'rince Charming I et Joe can aiso have Turn same night bub iiim away I'll wire ! ' 1 Now, here was a puzzle ; and the more I studied it the more nervous and irritable I became, getting myself into a perfect fever of excitement, for as I have intimated 1 was certain that if I could till in the miss ing words the game would very likely be in my hands. Ruminatingand cogitating over the busi ness, I was walking along the Strand on the Monday fortnight after the Grove murder when I, reaching the doors of the Gaiety Theatre, had to turn off the path way in consequence of the crowd waiting the opening of the doors. ' How fond are a certain portion of the public of burles que !' I exclaimed to a young fellow of mv acquaintance whom I shortly after came across at the corner of Catherine-street ; and then, as he with a laugh said, ' Yes. you see, Winsiow, pretty women show up so well in pink lights andburlesi|ue attire,' T almost gave a shout ; his words had put me on the scent. Prince Charming was some burlesque part ; the murdered woman was some actress without a doubt, anu 1 now remembered where I had seen the poor woman. 1 had met her upon more than one occasion in liow-s' reet, and iiad admired the redundancy of her rich nuburn liair and beautiful features Hastily bidding my acquaintance good night, I at once made my way to the old Harp Taveru, where I thought I might ^lesn a little information from an old I broken-down pro to whom I had occasion ally given a shilling for a slight service in the past. I Upon gaining the tavern, I found I was ' rather too early for old Hairy Montfort, [ and, calling for a glass of whisky and soda, I mechanically took up the previous Satur day's 'Encore,' and was leisurely glancing at its conteuts, when I was startled by the following advertisement in the ' Wanted' column : ' Lady to join at once for Prince Charm ing Touring Company. Write or wire to George Sylvester, Theatre Koyal, Ports mouth.' This was enough for me, and, with no desire now to meet my old theatrical lriend T, drinking up my liquor, hurried on. and having in my pocket the necessary funds, calling a cab made at once for Waterloo, just catching au express for Portsmouth, and at half-past nine, in a high state of ex citement, was at the stage door of the theatre. ' Can I see Mr. Sylvester ?' 1 interroga ted of a burly door-keeper, who jumped ofi his seat as 1 strode in. '* What is you business, sir I Tbe bur lesque is on.' .vsW- - ?? But I suppose Mr. Sylvester is here ? ' I exclaimed. ... ' Of course he ie. He is stage manager, and he is on at the prompt. ' . . ' Very well, give him my card : tell him I wish to have a few minutes' converse.' c ' Very good, sir ! Hallo, Stacey, you're | not going to do your turn to-night, are yon ? old man t ' ' And why not 7 I'll do it if I break mv neck ! By all the devils there's the blue face again!' , With a rush, knocking down the etage door keej»er in his progress, the man here dashed through a door leading ti the stage. I was now fairly on the scent. Things were approaching a crisis, for the man who had just disappeared, I Derceived, wore round his neck a gaudy tie, a portion of which was missing, whilst his mwrive head, 1 discerned, was covered with a thick crop of unkempt, course red hair. ' Who is that man V' I asked as tihe door keeoer, with a rueful face, stagg&ad; to his feet. ' Who is he t Why, Joe Stacey, the 1 strong man. 5b'11 new do his turn to ' ?. night, he has had the D T's these last three ? ' 1 days.' 'I thought 1 gave your orders not tt admit Stacey 1 ' A slim, handsome, showy young man at this moment appeared at the door through which the excited and inebriated strong man had disappeared a few moments before ?'1 couldn't help it, Mr. Sylvester; this gentleman saw him knock me down.' ' Yes, that is correct ; but tell me is this your writing » ' 1 here, drawing to tht side of the stage manager, held up before him the scrap of the letter that had so puzzled me. 'That is certainly part of a note of mine How did you come by it 1 But just step j with me into my room,' exclaimed th- ; manager, who grew pale and disturbed in i his manner as I handed him my card, J In another five minutes I was seated wit! | the young fellow in a little private room of j the stage. ' I think I can fathom the meaning ol vour presence here : something in connec tion with Stacey'e missing wife, I suppose.' ' His wife ! ' I exclaimed, as, going to s table, tbe manager, opening a drawer, tool from it a copy of a letter, which he handcr over to me for perusal, the contents o which ran thus : — T.R., Portsmouth, May 15, '74. Dear Miss D'Albert, Evtrybody at 11. Monday. Fv« cast you for Prince Charming. I enclose part '. Joe can also have a shop snd take j his turn some night, but if you want hire j away I'll wire him I'm full up. j ' And you sent this note to a Miss j D'Albert, Mr. Sylvester,' I exclaimed. j ' Yes ! She's Joe's wife, you know 7 ' 11 Was, you mean ! *' I here explained tc the astonished young manager what had really taken place, and that 1 had little doubt that Mr. Joe Stacey had murdered his young wife. ' Good heavens, how dreadful ! ' said Svlvester, ' I heard of the terrible affair, but of course had no idea that it was my leading burlesque lady. Joe was very iealous of her, and I know there was a voung fellow, a stockbroker, was fair gone on her, and so was the poor girl on him ; and Joe found her out I expect Oh, here lie his ! for goodness sake get him away without disturbance ! ' ; ' Don't you funk it, Sylvester ! I've heard part of your patter ; this gent is a j tec, I know. All right, I'll go quietly, and the sooner all is at an end the better, t-ome on, officer, I don't wauc the irons, I won't slope, I've done it.' The wretched man, a big, burlygiant of afellow, here,placing his arm within my own, drew mo out of tbe room, and presently after, with two or three local police walking behind, I was proceeding with him to tlie railway station. ' Look here, sergeant, I'm guilty ; I settled her ! She was a bad 'un ! I've watched her for weeks past, and that night I caught her with her swell ; going in his house she was : he escaped me, slamming his door in my face ; she made a bolt of it, and, losing him, I went for her. I ran her down at that half-built house, and I strangled theiado, and put ber 111 tbe tank'. ' Othello smothered his wife, and 1 strangled mine ; he killed himself, but I must die modern fashion, with a rope round my neck.'' It was in vain I had cautioned the un- j fortunate man that all he said would bo afterwards repeated by the prosecution | against him. He only, in a thick, hoarse | voice of rage, as he recalled his wife's in fidelity, explained how he bad done her to death. Arriving at the station, whilst one of the local officers was procuring tickets I kept a sharp watch upon my prisoner, for I did not like the scared look in his eyes, and as he suddenly bounded from my side was in a moment after him, but 100 late to pre vent- an awful catastrophe. Wich his arms thrown up high, he made a fearful leap full 111 front of an express train, with a wild, ear-piercing yell, shouting : j 'The blue face, tbe bright eyes, they are I here, there, and everywhere ! ' Then j there was a roar as the train passed over 1 him, the unfortunate man being picked up j five minutes afterwards mangled and cut | to pieces. He had given a life for a lift), : thuugh I think that had he stood his trial lie would not have, under the circum s:ar.ces. received the death penalty. 