1 Di8trcH8.il UsiM'oaiet. At Cork recently an order of ejectment was granted against Sir Thomas O'Connor Moore, Bart, for the nonpayment of Is a week for two rooms which he held for himself and family in a humble part of the City. Sir Thomas, whose baronetcy is one of the oldest in Ireland, dating from 1681—he being the 11th in succession—is in very poor, circumstances. His father, the 10th 1 baronet, who died in- 1882, was also without means. Sir Thomas is 55 years of age, and the heir to the title is a brother, who is abroad. : Mrs. Joubert, the. wife of General -JOB bert/who has again come into prominence through the troubles in South Africa, is even s more interesting figure than iter -husband himself. -She.lias bepn literally at his side iu all his campaigns, has 'used her rifle more than once in an emergency, and the attack upon the British at Majuba issaid to hive been a brilliant id fa of hers, to which even Joubert demurred at first. Some of the native chiefs des ribe her as a reckless date devil. Her last.campaign was that against M'Pefu, a Swazi chief, and as the commando did not liappen'to need her fighting arm she was to be seen daily peeling potatoes outside the general's tent. -'Like him, she is on "the wrong side of 60.— Mr. John Norton - proposes to abolish paymoutof members, to reduce the number of Ministers and to reduce the salaries of those remaining. The annual meeting of the Mechanics Institute for the ejection of offlcers.for the current year, and to receive the annual report and balance sheet will be held on Friday evening. As some who usually take no interest whatever in anything conneoted with it are very active this time, there should be a good meeting. The secretary to the Church of England llectory Repairs Fund concert, Mr W. Martin, informs us that t'8 18s was the amount of the takings, which, under all the circumstances, js eminently satisfactory. EARTH HUNGER. —There was rather a rush for land last Thursday, when the following lots weie applied for:—P. R. Schieinmer, a c.p., 410ac, parish Lowe, c. 1. 1920ac, parish Gund.ire, James C >ok, a.c.p., 290ac, pirish Bim.ia, cl, 1280 ac. parish Gundare ; J. Higgins sen., ac p 306ac., parish Queensborongh, c I 1225.U, parish Gundare; A. Macbeth, c p 100a, c 1 200a, parish Dalglish ; F. G. MM tin, a c p 65a, c 1 260-1, parish Queensborougli, all iu the county of .Napier ; A. E. Glew, c p 50a, parish Green ball, county Uowen ; and W. O Reid, c p 40a, parish Wheuh, county Baradiue. Total area 6366ia. The public school opened on Monday week and Mr. Broome is very highly spoken of by parents and children. His qualifications are higher than any teacher who has ever been here. A new and verycharacteristic story of Mark Twain is going the rounds It appears that at a recent dinner to which he was invited, his name was associated with the (oast of Literature by an orator, who referred with great eloquence to Homer, Shakespeare, Milton, and—Mark Twain. In response, the humorist thanked the speaker for his kindly references, and excused himself from making a longer speech by saying:—" Homer is dead, Sh;;kcspeare and Milton are no more, and I —I don't feel very well myself," ,While in America, Mr. W. S. Gilbert, was one-evening at a f.ishionab!-- functi ni given by a lady of the " new rith " order who posed as a patron of music, but wli - had not had time to educate hei self. She was foolish enough to attempt io " show off' before the English celebrity. -'And what is Bach (" Batch " she c.iliel ir) clr> ing now? "she said; "is he c-Miipusiug anything 1 \ " No madam*," immediately replied Mr. Gilbert, without, the ghost of a smile. ' No, madame, Batch is j.ist now decomposing I " Mr. H. A. Manning, son of M. Manning of the DISPATCH, died at Dubbo the week before last, aged 34 years. NATUIMLISATION.—The Land Appeal Court recently had a cu rious case of naturalisation to deal with. A successful ballotfcer for a conditional purchase, a German, was afterwards found not to have been naturalised, and the second at the ballot therefore claimed the land. At the appeal court, it trauspired that the applicants father had been naturalised and thus is was decided, all his children not of age, including the applicant, had been naturalised. .At a big banquet at Peak Hill, oiuthe Murchison (W.-A.), .the plates were solid gold, nearly halt an inch thick, and were worth £2,200. They were smelted and run into moulds on the corfipatiy's mine tor the occasion,/ but the guests did not leari) till afterwards that immediately after the banquet they were melted down into marketable ingots agaio. The London TIMES reports that the yields ol all field crops excepting hops will be considerably lower in England this year than last. Wheat forms 95 per cent of the average crop. The following is a description of the cyclone whrch uprooted New .Richmond in Wisconsin, U.S. :—' New Richmond with 2000 inhabitants, has been totally uprooted. ' The cyclone came suddenly, so that the people were unable to reach the caves which 1 they .h^d.dug. purposely for a similar emergency. The town of New Richmond was crowded with' country folk, who were attending a circus. The rivers have overflowed, destroying the telegraph a id railways. A fire followed, and the deaths are already estimated at 370. A dull jumble was heard, and a funnel-shaped cloud bore down, which darkened the heavens. The storm twisted all things out of shape; an inrush of turbid water followed. In their terror women tore their hair; and screamed that the end of the world had co&ig.;,. _ The climax was the conflagration, and strong men are said to have given way-and acted like fiends. The majority of the survivors are apparently insane.' "Woman's World." .. 