'Blocked Again!' The above heading is copied from that which recently appeared above a melan choly Daily Telegraph sub-leader. Therein the lugubrious advocate of a smelly po ? litical job, after pointing out that 4,000,000 persons were carried across the harbor in the vear. shed large inkv tears over the fact that the Assembly had remorselessly crushed ' the project which was intended as 'a practical remedy to the imminent danger of acci dents ' to the aforesaid persons. This howl, resembling that of a disappointed dingo, was continued throughout a whole column, and it was made painfully evi dent that the D.T. directorate was very much interested in the proposal to wed the North Shore to Sydney by way of tunnel at the cost of private enterprise. All this weeping, and wailing, and gnash ing of teeth, moreover, was accompanied by a certain amount of girding at ' the very fat monopoly which already exists in connection with the North Sydney ?traffic.' ' . Sfc * * Surely the Daily Telegraph in this matter should have no word to say against monopolies ; surely the D.T. in the article referred to makes- it evident that it is not monopoly in itself which is objectionable in its Board Room, but only the monopoly .in which it has no share — prospective or existent! The D.T. is now admonished to buck up ? and be of good cheer for cherries' are ripe and the other job, to ?connect with North Shore by way of a privately-built bridge, will soon come before Parliament. But, of course, under circumstances which must be pain fully obvious, the D.T. may view also as « i ?» »?. II J .IV ... ? . va rat monopoly una* otner pmutu iihropic project to render immune from ?' imminent danger of harbor accidents ' four million persons annually. And, to parody the poet — Withers, I think : — If Monopoly be not ' fat ' for me, What cares the D. T. how ' fat ' she be J * * * The Daily Telegraph should not permit its ardent spirits to evaporate so readily ; ;why not keep on ' pegging away.' A .gleam of hope is thrown on the future of the North Shore tunnel (and bridge ?) nrmop.t, Viv the Whitehall Review which — - ^?.v^vvw 'J - — ' ? asking ' Is Parliament Moral ?' — states that ' lobbying last session in the House ?of Commons ceased to be a fine art and became an open scandal, worked in the interests of railway Bills, corporation Bills, and personal company Bills. Men were got into the lobby at 100 guineas a ?day to button-hole M.Ps. and securei their support for these measures or the reverse of their support. On one measure it is :said £15,000 was ' lobbied ' away in ten days. No doubt the money expended, whether for or against Bills, is paid away in the interests of the public.' Now it costs nothing to get into the lobby of our Assembly, and so ' lobbying ' — a stand ing House of Commons' institution — may be carried on here at very much less ; 'Costi ? 4» lie The Daily Telegraph, always philan thropic—at the expense of others — is not only anxious about the lives of the myriad travellers by ferry, it bewails also the -iact that the Labor members refused to vote away the people's birthright in return for a job of work. ' It would mean the employment of hundreds of men ' shrieks the disinterested daily sausage-wrap. And i here the Star most humorously steps in to point out that knocking down the Town Hall would also give, work if such & reason were to prevail over any and' every other argument against the con struction of public works by private ?enterprise. This intervention is shriek ingly funny to those who have watched the career of the Star during the last eight years. All that time, up till now, it has never ceased to rebuke with great ?severity the Labor members for daring to knock out private bills, which, whatever their' ultimate object, 'would provide temporary employment for a people groaning under the heavy burdens of Reidism.' Now 'Reidism' is still with us, but the Star, Reiding between the Lynes the signs of the times, steps boldly forth and downs the Goliath of King street with a pebble picked from the Labor brook-side. For the writer has told the.jSW many, many times that if the giving of employment were the only essential qualification for a proposal, then to dig up the Domain and bail out the Harbor would provide work. ' Labor is educating its talented teachers by slow degrees. * * * If the Daily Telegraph in this matter is animated by purely philanthropic im pulses, if its sole desires are the provision of work and the securing of life, it should change its tactics. It requires no ghost from the grave to point out that the carriage of 4,000,000 of people across the water by bridge or tunnel at a penny a head would result — independently of returns from the trams or trains carried thereon — in an annual revenue of nearly £17,000 or somewhat less than 7 per cent, on the £260,000 at which the cost of a bridge is estimated. That, being so, and money being available at 3£ per cent., or even less, it will be an easier matter to convince Premier Lyne that the bridge ought to be built at once than to cajole, bamboozle, or browbeat the Parliament of the country into consenting to such a Notorious Job as would be the voting away of the People's Rights to the main route between the northern and southern portions of New South Wales. 