THE CARDINAL ON THE PROTESTANT MISSIONS. (TO TUB EDITOR OF "THE DAILY TELEGIUTn." ' Sir, — Tho meeting held lit the Town-hall -on Tuesday evening recalls tho trito maxim — "AVhen you havo a bad case, mako sure to abuso tho plaintiff's attorney." As far as X could glean from the reports in tho public press, Plentiful aiuise ues ncen meted out to me, »y tlio. various, speakers, but no attempt wliateyer has boon mado to reply to my statements regarding tho Protes tant missions in the Islands of Uio Pacific. AVhat the ridiculous results of the meeting may he, it Is not for me to say. But it appears that tho meeting of the prophets of Baa! in olden times was the very type of Tuesday evening's meeting. "Shout louder" was the admonition of Ellas to the false prophets. lie would probably givo tho same advico to tho conductors of the latest Pro testant united service in tho Town-hall. Any statements that I have made in regard to tho missions in the Pacific, so far from being con trary to the principles of Christianity and public morality, have had for their sole purpose to set matters in their true light. Preachers' who havo made largo fortunes in tlioso Islands and their descendants, aud those also who aro interested in missionary collections, will very naturally feel hurt at tho truth being told. AVhllst, howovor," I use iny cfTorts to unmask tlio humbug and exaggerated statements of missionary adventur ers, I consider that it is tho thanks of my Austra lian fellow-citizens that I merit, and not thoir censure. At times, however, words havo been' imputed to mo which I did not use. In my speech at Red fern, as reported in some of tho newspapers, a specific charge was mado against the Sainoan missionaries. That chargo is tho work of tlio reimrters, and not mine. I wus par ticularly careful to avoid referring to tho mis sionaries on that occasion. I have always said that, engaged on this mission-field, men of earnest ness, honest purpose, aud good faith deserve tho highest commendation. The labors of such men: will, I trust, bo fruitful, and their work will re main. the heritage of truo missionaries. But viewed as a whole, those Protestant, missions aro manifestly tlio work of man, and not the work of God. To justify any hard words that I may havo used, I will endeavor, as briefly as the ocajpion will allow, to present a picture erf a few of Lhoso Island missions. I do not expect, to convert tho promoters of Tuesday's meeting. To tliem my only words aro the Prophet's advice, to which I have referred. But I am confident that our re spectable Protestant fellow-citizens, instead of taking offence, will bo grateful lo mo for tho sketch which I give. I will begin with Fiji,- not only heeauso it is, a British colony, more closely connected with Aus tralian interests than the other Island groups of . tlio Pacific, hut also heeauso It is a mission fleld . whero many of the AVeslcyan preachers have mado. their fortunes, and in which our rrotestant friends take! special pride. An Anglican clergyman in . 1S96, writing of tho Fijian mission in "Parts of the Pacific," declared It to he "the noblest work of tho kind that Christendom had ever witnessed." Tho Rev. Air. Lovott, in his "Primer of Modern Missions" (London, 1S95), styles it "ono of tho most 'impressive triumphs over tho evil heart of man to be found in all its long and marvellous annals." Tho Rev. Mr. Dennis presents it as "an example of what. God's grace has accomplished among us." And at a missionary meeting held hero in Sydney only a few months ago (March, 1899), a AVesleyan clergyman gave those missions unstinted praise; "The Fijian mission," he said, "was one of tho grandest of tho Christian om its triumphs woro not, surpassed by any mission in tho world, either in the present or past coutu- ; ries.". Surely, then, I am justified in taking tho. Fijian mission as a test case. Tho history of the first Protestant attempts to. .. evangelise the Fijlans may l)o briefly told. Ill- the year 1797 tho famous missionary ship Dull landed 11 English and Scottisli missionaries on one of the islands. Scarcely had the ship tali ell its departuro when ouo of the party began to prevaricate, and very soon by his open immorality ho scandalised not onlj his white friends, hut even the natives themselves. In a few weeks he was found murdered in the native hut which he had made his home. Another of the party, named Vason, avowed himself an infidel, and identified himself with tho Pagan natives. Iu the words of the Rev. Dr. Brown, in "History of the Protestant Missions," he "mingled wiLli tho heathen, show ing a strong disposition to learn their ways, in which he at length made a woeful proficiency, and threw off the mask of Christianity completely", (vol. 2, pago 200). Three of the other missionaries .. were murdered in quarrels that urose. The sur vivors took refuge in New South AVales, devoting themselves to pastoral pursuits. The Rev. Dr., Lang completes their history: "Missionaries," he says, "who had been sent forth with the prayers of the British public and tho benediction of tho London Missionary Society to convert the heathen In the numerous isles of the Pacific wcro at length found, converted themselves into . stars of tho . fourth or fifth magnitude, in the constellations Aries and Taurus; or, In other words. ln the sheep and-' cattle market of Now South AValcs. Tho only memorial that theso first missionaries left after them in Fiji was a forge. It was the emblem of Uio craft in which most of theui were better skilled than in preaching the Gospel. Tho first AVesleyan missionaries landed in hi in 1822, but the mission does uot appear to havo formally commenced till 183u. It that, through their erforts, within -0 ycais the wholo Island was practically clirlsll!' balism being abolished, and no fewer natives being reckoned among the Church at tendants. There are, however, somo disagreeable facts which go far to prove that the AVesleyan Iotu adopted by the natives was rather a veneer for paganism than a sincere conversion. Even cineo Fill became a British colony somo of thc trlbes havo indulged in cannibalism. It is not so long ago that a tribe refused to pay the cot ton tax, and good AVcsleyans though they claim ed to be, tlicy killed and ate lectors who ventured amongst them. Julian Thomas tells of the dealings of the high chief Maafu with "tho native minister, a man of great fervor, who became convinced after much study of the Scriptures, that ho was a saint and that angelic powers were conferred upon him. A British Blue Book, as lato as 1886, gives am ac count of Uio fanatic Navosavukadua, who sought, without renouncing AVesleyanism. to rovivo all the old orgies of Paganism. In tho words of tho Royal Commissioner, "ho compounded a new reli gion out of old Fijian myths and Biblical stones. Thousands gathered round him, and it waa»onJy when lie aud more than a hundred of his fol lowers were shot down that tho new lotu col lapsed. One of the last acts of Sir John Thur ston as Governor was to crush a somewhat. simi lar attempt at the revival of cannibalism and paganism. Tho gradual decay of tho population understUo regime of the AVesleyan missionaries cannot: bo questioned. One island which bccamo a misslou stronghold had in former times 2000 natives; it has at present scarcely 200. The missionaries iu 1840 reckoned the Fijian population at 200,000. Iu 1870, in the oillcial AVesleyan report, tho number of natives was estimated at 150,000. Later,, at the AVesleyan Jubilee celebration in 1SS5. tho population is giveu at 110,000. The Government census iu 1S9L reports tho wholo uatlvo popula tion as 104,852. The Statesman's Year Book foil. 1S99 gives the latest official estimate as 99,773. Thus in halt a century the population has dwin dled to one-half. As regards tho number of AVesleyan adherents, froui their original esti. mate of 120,000, they had been reduced in 1870 to 105,000; in July, 1895, the secretary of the Australasian AVesleyan Society reports thoir total number as 99,000,. whilst he reckons tho Catho lics at only 2000. However, tho Statesman's Year Book just referred to sufficiently refutes the latter part of his statement, for it gives the- number of Catholics in 1897 (tho latest available . official returns) as 9325. The Rev. Mr. Langliam, as reported in tha Sydney press on April 15, 1898, mado the public announcement that "tho education of the h ijians was entirely in Urn hands of tho AVesleyan mis sion." Hero wo have a definite statement, hut it is one which can easily ho shown to bo quite inconsistent with the facts of Uio case. Tlio Bishop of FIJI, Right Rev. Dr. A'idal, when pass ing through Sydney in 1896, gavo to tho pross-a , report of the CaUiolic Mission. In which lio says Uiat the 29 resident missionaries, all members of tho Society of Mary, aro assisted by a largo number of cateehists in teaching reading and writing, etc., as well as religion. There were then seven Marlst Brothers engaged In toach- lng, besides 140 native teachers. cro also 23 European Sisters, and 17 naUvo At' each missionary station thero «as . and. these schools woro well J? stance, there .jvero at_tho-.Wairikl_Schools. 160 children, at Solcvu 100, at Cawnri 70, at Rowa 100\. At the close' ot the preceding scholastic year tho ChloC Justice, who presided at the dis tribution ot prizes, pronounced a singular eulogy of the Catholic schools, as reported in tho Fiji "Times." Among other things, he said: "I havo been exceedingly impressed with tho good work that is bciug dono among us by tho Sisters and Brothers. I think it must be a subject of great comfort to the parents to have here settled among us the ladles of tho convent, who devote time, energy, learning, and the most delicate attention to the education of their girls. It Is evident to me that the Catholic inhabitants are exceedingly fortnuato in having such schools and teachers for their children. I wish these schools all the success that is due to the euro and attention that Is abundantly bestowed upsa them." I will only add to couiploto this picture that the "Statesman's Year Hook" for ISO!) gives tho following Fijian details: — "One hundred an« thirty-six schools aro conducted by the Roman Catholic Mission, tho number of day-scholars being 1705 In 1S97. The Roman Catholic mission also maintains three schools for Europeans, at which 13S children re ceived instruction during 1897. These mission schools receive no Slate aid." What then be comes of the statement that Fijian education wus entirely, in tho hands of tire Wesleyans? As 1 am speaking of statistics. I may here refer to anoLher statement of .lit Langliam, on which he has repeatedly laid very, special stress. Tho Euro (tan Wesieyan clergy, ho says, aro but a handful compared with ths numerous hand ot Catholic missionaries, ana yet they have ob tained tho grandest results. Now It Is quite tuo that tho European "West cyan preachers aro few,- hut that is only part of tho truth, for they employ a wholo army of natives, several of whom rank as missionaries. The Rev. James Calvert, IVcsieyan misisonary in Fiji for many years, in a unrrsJUvo of the work carried on in those islands, published soon .aft-v his demise in 1892, gives the number of Wesieyan agents: — "With only nino whito missionaries," ho writes, "we have 3011 native preachers. Sixty-five of these are fully ordained to tho v.ork of the ministry." lie adds that besides theso "there aro 3200 devoted class-leaders, who instruct tho catechumens, and 2610 school teachers." Assuredly such an army of agents, each one of whom has his respective pay, must 'bo supposed to accomplish a great deal in staying tho progress of the Catholic mission. The "Statesman's Year Book" for 1S9!) gives tho statistical returns at tho present day: "Tho Wesieyan Mission establishment," it says, "comprises 11 European misisonnries, 70 aative ministers, 03 cntechists, 1077 teachers, 2042 local preachers, and 4684 class leaders." In contrast to this huge army the Catholic array of missionaries is but scanty indeed. Tho "Statesman's Year Book" just referred to, gives Iho following statistics: — "The Roman Catholic mission has 2S European ministers, ISO native teachers, aud 24 European Sisters." Tlio "Wesleyans also boast of the number of churches and other religious edifices which they have erected throughout tho Fijian Islands. Rev. Mr. "Calvert states that in ISill there were "1322 chapels and other preaching' places." The "States man's Year Book" lor 1S99 gives tho number as "972 churches and 339 other preaching places,." in- all1 1311. It is to be remarked, however, that tho quality of the edifico is not always such as a spirit of religion would suggest for tho House of God. A visitor to tho Islands iu 1397 reports that many of the Wcj;leya,ii churches aro mere native huts, hut so wretchedly constructed that even tho natives wouid not uso them for dwellings. Tho marketable value of these so- called churches would not he more than six pence each. 'The natives of late years have begun to complain that tho largo amount which , they contribute for religion is all spent on the missionaries and their wives and children, and 'hat much of it goes abroad. The contribu tions of the Wesieyan. natives alone to the mission ftihd in six "years ending 1390, amounted to vory near £25,000. They may well ask what has been done with all this money? The Catholic natives Dn the other hand aro asked to contribute but little, and that little is all spent for the ornament of religion and the benefit of the people. At an assembly of chiefs, held some time ago, this com plaint was thus forcibly expressed: "How does it happen that wo have such poor churches for "jur religion — we who give so much to our uinlstors — .while the Catholics, who give nothing o their priests, liavo magnificent churches with arrets and bells." On that occasion a Wesieyan .toko, or provincial governor, from tho eastern islands of tho archipelago, took occasion to pro nounce his verdict: "Our religion is not the true one; it Is a religion of money; the true religion is the religion of the Catholic misisouarles." Much might bo said iu proof that nominal Christianity is the main result, in so far as re ligion is concerned, of the Wesieyan missionary toil In Fiji. I will cite, howover, only Pro testant witnesses that thus thero may bo no sus- dcion of religious bias in the. statements that ire made. Mr. Britton, in his "Fiji iu 1S70" 'published in Melbourne), gives an interesting recount of his visit to those islands. The con- rersion ot the natives to Cnrtstianlty was, ho taltes, "a purely political step," necessitated by their obedience to Thakoinbau. Some tribes which succeeded in freeing themselves from his tu'thority, resumed their pagan1 practices. Of the Wesieyan and Roman Catholic missions, he remarks, "the Fijians, in their own concise way, distinguish the 'two faiths by calling the Wes ieyan 'na lotu wai-wal,' that is, 'the oily re ligion,' and tho Roman Catholics 'no lotu Popei,' that is, tho 'Pope's religion.' " The great hulk of tho Wesieyan converts, he states, are nothing more than nominal Christians; and ho adds:— "Under the missionary teachings the Fljions have made vory Uttle progress, socially and poli tically, excepting of course in the abandonment of tho worst outward horrors of heathenism, as cannibalism, etc. Their way of living in the vast majority of cases is as filthy as it was in the heathen times, and it seems as if iu these matters they aro almost incapable of improvement. Nor can; tho missionaries look forward to the future with much hope. They see the Fijians becoming worso instead of better. Drunkenness is fearfully on the increase, and though tho foul diseases of European vice and overcrowding have not yet tppeared in Fiji, yet tho natives aro rapidly de ceasing." Of one of tho native chiefs who was most active in collecting for tho missionary fund, ie tells us that in point of morality ho was "a very heathen"; and he relates of the. King Thakom- bau himself, that long aftor ho bad become a fer vent Wesieyan he suggestively reminded an im portunate European creditor that tho flesh of tho whito man was as sweet as the ripe banana. : Dr. Berthold Seeman, who was Commissioner' to Fiji in I860, in his "Account ot a Government Mission 'to tho Fiji Islands," states that tho Wes ieyan Missionary Society derived a revenue ot £1200 a year from the sale of cocoanut oil, and that "Mr, Blirner, a Wesieyan training-master,, owns large tracts of land, and a great many small islands." Of the native teachers ho writes that "their conduct has often been in direct contradic tion to their profession of. Christianity." The con versions to Wesieyan Christianity were merely nominal. ITo Instances the people of Buretu, who "embraced Christianity, but when at a subse quent, date tho town rebelled against Bau they became apostates; nor did tho restoration of peace make them relinquish their pagan religion, and they had. at the time of our visit one of tho finest temples in tho whole group." One of the great chiefs assured him "that there were vory few Christiana in tho group, and he hated hypo crisy." Tho motive ot belief assigned by a lead ing chief, as recorded by Browne in his "History of the Missions," harmonises with this uccount. Tho Wesieyan missionary asked tho chief did ho believe in the Christian truths. Ho replied; "True! everything is true that comes from tho white man's country; muskets and guns, and powder, aro true, and. your religion must ho triie." "Ton months in tho Fiji Islands," by Mrs. Smythe, tho wife of another Royal Commissioner to Fiji, tells us (page 173) that "tho Wesieyan missionaries in Fiji confine their efforts almost entirely to imparting religious Instruction, malt ing little or no attempt to teach tho arts of civi lised life." She adds: "It is natural, where sub scribers to mission societies aro expectant of highly colored reports, and so clamorous for a yearly tolo of converts, that the missionaries should rather direct their efforts to collect recruits than to train soldiers. ... It appears to uti that these converts presume a good deal on their profession of Christianity.- - She gives an oinus- iug example of "the Imperfect acquaintance" ot the natlvo preachers with tliolr new religion. An Amorican settler at Lakemba. an important mis sionary station, had shot and carried off a pig be longing to a native. Tbo tribe, boing Wesieyan converts, deputed their preacher to remonstrate 1 with hint. He donned his best official dress, and proceeding to tbo Amoricau's house, 6et forth in a long haranguo tho enormity of the crime. Tho American listened with respectful attention, and thanked tho preacher for tho forcible exhortation. But, ho added, tho pig is just now baked, so you will please sit down and invoke a blessing on what God has sent. Tho preacher, swayed by tho irresistible love of all Fijians for roast pork, bowed Ills head and recited a long grace, after which tho two culprits made a hearty meat on tho stolen pig. Miss Gordon Gumming relates her experience at a Wesieyan. service In Vanua Balevu: — "Our tendency u> laugh was only conquered by our disgust, on seeing a regular verger armed with a long stick, who periodically rose from his knees and walked about administering a resounding blow to any young woman who was not doubled up, at what ho choso to consider the orthodox angle of devotion; whito right in front of the pul pit was placet! a bench, on which sal a row of tho principal men, all dressed in hideous black coats and trousers, and who never pretended to knoel at all; but tho verger took care not to see them, and confined his disciplinarian attentions to tho women." At another mission feast at Vanua I.o vu sho witnessed tho fervent piety ot an ex- cannibal convert: ho "crept close to Mr. Lang- ham (tho colebrant), and then, as If he could not refrain, ho put out his hand and, stroked him down tho thigh, licking his lips, and exclaiming with delight, 'Oh, but yon are nice and fat,' " Mr. Julian Thomas, in "Cannibals and Con victs" (London, 1SS6), explains bow it is that so many of tho Fijian natives desire to bo em ployed in tho Wesieyan ministry: "Tho position of a native minister," he says, "is one to be coveted by his fellows. It gives in many tbings as much power as that possessed by tbo chiefs. Tho native pastor is always well fed, aud has always tho prottit-st wife. Tho softest mat, tho fattest pork, the biggest yam was Ills; and the youngest and prettiest females awaited on him to do him honor." Ho met ono of tbewe native pasLors on tho River licwa, sailing iu magnificent style in a double canoe, sleeping on a couch, with two native maidens fanning him. Ho could not forbear "smacking him on the back, with tho advice given by a. bullock-drivor to a lato Gover nor of Victoria: 'You've got a very good billet, old chap; you stick to it.' " Ho gives tho fol lowing specimc-n of the sermon of a native Fijian teacher: "See what Christianity has dono for us; wo have a big ship to como and visit us, and bring us cloth and 'beads. Mr. Brown lias a big house, and is a powerful chief; all this has been given lis; then how good a thing Christianity is." An Anglican clergyman, who did duty for a time in Fiji, in his work "Parts ot tho Pacific" (London, 1896), already referred to, states that even the higli chiefs who wero converted had very erroneous ideas of Christian practice or Christian truth. One high chief, ho says, ex plained ills belief in tho Trinity as follows: — "He had learned to believe in one truo God, who had two sons, by name tbo Holy Ghost and Christ.' Another very religious chief was so advanced in civilisation that ho resolved to have a set of artificial teeth. He insisted, however, on hav ing "tho old teeth burled with full religious ritual. Including a long sermon." Iu accordance with Fijian usage at a chief's interment, a lordly ban quet followed: "Pigs galore were devoured by tho numberless sympathising friends, who had como to pay tho lost tribute of affection and respect to the lamented teeth. But an unexpected feeling of disapprobation suddenly marred the peace and solemnity of tho proceedings, when it came to be known that tho partially-interred gentleman had not only killed all his own hogs to supply the liberal board, but had robbed his neighbors' pig geries, too, far and near." (page 23G). The same writer adds that "woman is still the inferior ani mal in Fiji. Natives have not boon Christianised long enough yet ior the women to have been raised to tho honorabfe position allotted to them by Christianity." Of the native Wesleyans at Levuka ho pronounces the favorable judgment: "I am per suaded that the most fastidious missionaries of any sect would consider their salvation secured; for were they not all clad in European clothing of the latest' cut!" I will only add that a commission of inquiry in its report last year assigned immorality as one of the main causes of the decrease of popula tion in Fiji. Even tho native chiefs had at times complained of thiG, and at one of their Rokos or assemblies they raised their voices against it. When I referred to this latter fact in the beginning of last year, letters In tho public press accused mo of calumniating the Wesieyan Mission, and yet f was merely asserting a fact vouched for by Rev. Mr. Langham himself. Tho Fiji "Times" publish ed Mr. Langhain's report on 'the Wesieyan services at Bau in 1884, in which he refers to "the expulsion of a largo number of church members for im morality, an evil which we deeply regret to say is becoming of more frequent occurrence. . . . and is exerting such a baneful influence upon the social and religious life ot many around, that it seems to us that we shall not have done our duty until public attention has been directed to this growing evil, and public opinion has been evoked ngainst it. We are thankful that tho chiefs themselves have spoken strongly in their recent annual council against tho existonce and spread of this disgraceful immorality, and that some of our respectable colonists are also express ing thoir disapprobation of its toleration." This extract will be found in the "Sydney Morning Herald," of November 11, 1884. To refer to ono only of tho religious abuses that prevail, I do not know that anything can be more painful than tlio accounts which wo read of tho desecration of the Blessed Eucharist, not only among the Protestant sects in Fiji, but indeed throughout all tho island groups of tho Pacific. Tho Anglican clergyman already referred to ("Parts of the Pacific," page 257), describes his visit to tho Wesieyan Bishop at Bau, one of tho most important Wesieyan mis- 'sionary stations of Fiji. This so-called Bishop was no other than Rev. Mr. Langham, well- known in Sydney. His house was on the sum mit of a hill overlooking the hay. "At tea (thus runs tho narrative) his reverence gave mo cakes made of dalo, sugar-juice, and cocoamrts, which lie told mo he uses, together with cocoa milk at the Sacrament, thero boing neither bread nor wine in tho land, oxcopt In white men's towns." , The Wesieyan Bishop appears to -have had a special rubric. In other parts of Fiji a different usage prevails. Miss Gordon Cummlng, in "At Home in- Fiji," writes: — "Tho elements used are Fijian bread, ganerally of arrowroot aud cocoanut, and for wine tho very weakest claret and waiter, it being illegal to give a drop of wine or spirits to any native." This abuse of tlio Sacramental rite, as I have suid, is not confined to 'Fiji. Rov. Mr. Ellis tells us of tho course which he pursued in his tour through tho Pacific Islands: — ".We lelt no hesitation, " ho says, "in using tho roastod or baked breadfruit, pieces of which were placed in the proper vessel." He adds that somo of his brother clergymen wero under tho necessity of "substituting tbe juico of tho cocoanut for that of tho grape." In the Tahiti Islands tlio use of Uie breadfruit appears 'to have been gene ral in the Protestant churches. The native liamo for tho breadfruit is mayoro, and In tho Protestant version of the Gospels in tho Tahi- tian language, the sacred text Is corrupted so as to justify their usago. At tho last supper (we thoro read) tho Redeemer "took mayoro Into his hands and blessed It," etc. Ill Chain Island where tho breadfruit treo does not grow, the ministers uso tho fruit ot the cocoa instead of bread, and tho cocoanut juico instead of wine. Iu tho Island of Rapa, the Eucharist is adminis tered with tlio taro, a root resembling the turnip or largo potato. Mrs. David la bar interesting work on "Funafuti" (London, 1899) tells us of tlio London Misisonary Society manner of admin istering tho Holy Communion, at which sho was present in that Island: "The pastor In charge stood in front of a rough little table which had some kind of vessels on it, covered with a soiled shoot of once white calico. Ho addressed his flock briefly, tbon he revorently raised tho grimy cover, and revealed a sight which filled mo with horror, though ono swift glance 'round tho congregation assured mo that they saw nothing out ot the usual way on the table. Tho taro, which was to tako tho place of bread, was placed on two soiled enamelled plates; the cocoa- nut Juice, which took the place of wine, was ill a brown crockery teapot, with a broken lid and spout; and the cups were just the common German beer glasses with their metal tops bro ken." In Tonga, water barely colored with wine Is used. It is related tbat at the solemn Wesieyan administration of tho Euchurist In Nukualofa, at which tho new King, George the Second, took part, ho on receiving the bread put it In hl3 pocket, and he dealt with the -well- 1 " ,.f: watered wine hi a for more summary manner. Perhaps, howover, wo should not bo surprised at those sacrilegious Innovations on tho part ot the Wesloyuns and Independents, .for a few years ago the head of <ho Anglican Church at Hongkong advocated "the .use of tea in tho Eucharist, instead of wine, and tho Anglican Bishop of Nelson, Br. Ilophouse. relates how ho himself on ono occasion in 1SG2, substituted plain water, instead of wine. Any mission that desecrates tho Blessed Eucharist, which is tbo sacrament of everlasting life, cannot fall to bring with it a malediction instead of an abiding blessing. — 1 am, etc., x PATRICK F. CARDINAL MORAN. St. Mary's Cathedral, July 26. 