WHERE GHOSTS WALK. HAUNTED PLACES. Tho remarkable stoty of the apparition at Berry f'omeroy Castle, near Totm?, appears to be nuthenttr, nnd Is well known In the West of England. The legend runs that In the latter part of the lust century Or Walter Fnrqulutr, who was then at Torquay, was called to the Castle to attend the steward's wife. On his arrival ho wqh shown into a room on the ground floor and asked to wait a moment. After some minute? had elapsed he grew Impatient, and arose to question a female who had opened a side door and was walking across the room. His surprise, however, wo? great when he noticed her manner and garb. She was dressed in rich attire, but in an ah- soluttdy out-of-date costume, nnd wrung her hands In u pitiful manner— her face evincing signs of great distress. She walked to the flight of oak stairs nnd, quickening her pace, disappeared. At thnt moment the steward entered the room, und announced thnt his wife wns ready to see him. Dr Fnrqulmr found his paLIent dang erously HI, and he was so much engross ed with the ease thnt ho forgot, ere he left the building, to question the stew ard as tn the young lady in tho curious ilrcss he had seen. On Ihe following day he found his patient much Improved, and remembered to ask tho steward about the mysterious young lady. As the doctor recounted his experience the poor fellow showed unmistakable signs of fear nnd trembling, and told the Doc tor that now he wns sure his wife would soon die, ns the spectre was the spirit of the daughter of an early owner of the Castle who had murdered li.cr child, and hnd since appeared ns nn omen foretell ing the death of an Inmate. Dr Farqu- har quickly gave lite steward every as surance of his wife's turn for the better, and that ho thought she would continue to Improve, hut the credulous old steward would not hear of it. The next day the Doctor called nt the Castle, nnd was as tounded to find thnt his patient had died soon after he left the place the pre ceding day. The most strange part of the story Is to come. After an Interval of several years, Dr Fnrquhnr was well known in London as Sir Walter Farquhnr (1795), nnd could count among his clients and friends certain members of nobility and Royalty. One day a lady eame to him in great distress, saying hor sister was ill, and appeared to be wasting away, nnd tbnt on being questioned, she wus most emphatic. In saying site saw a! ghost when vlsiljng in Devonshire some ; weeks before, which hnd left such an impression upon her, that do what she would she could not shako it off. The lady further said thnt the spectre ap peared at. Berry Fomeroy Castle, at which Sir Walter started, told his ex periences, and requested to see the young lady immediately, whom he found suffering an described. The poor girl appeared greatly relieved to be speaking to some one who shared her uncomfort- nblo experience, and, it may be added, soon regained her usuul health. Sykcn Lumb Farm, nenr Blackburn, Lancashire, has a welt known reputa tion for being haunted. The house it self is a very primitive dwelling, built nf large, roughly hewn blocks of coarse limestone, having a lonely situation in a secluded deli by the banks of the Met ier Brook. Severnt parties lmvc assert ed that they have seen an old wrinkled woman pass along the road which led to the Lumb, but were so afraid that they never dared to question her. It came to pass that a young fanner occu pied the premise?, and on seeing the "ghost" one night beneath an old apple tree in the- orchard he accosted her, when she pointed to the ground. The young man dug and soon came upon a number of earthenware Jars containing undent gold and silver coins of pounds value. - After this night it is said tho old dnmu has not troubled tho country folk so much. Heath Old Hall, near Wakefield, York shire, also has Its ghost. This mansion is a splendid pile of the Elizabethan pe- riod. and the window? were formerly emblazoned with the arms of some of the chief of England's nobility. In luW William Wltlinm. who was in possesion, was suddenly taken ill and died. A later owner of the Hull was a sister of With- am'?— Lady Mary Holies— a strong- minded woman, who wns locally known as "Old Mother Hubbard," nnd who, it is recorded, died in 1602 at the age of eighty- throe. Tradition says this lady's spirit still haunts the place. Her favor ite spot seems to bo the old banquettlng hall, where she has been scon to glide along In a most mysterious fashion. Tlil3 ghost Is also reported to have walked In Heath Grove; but won 'afterwards con jured down into a bole of the river, which Is even to this day known as "Bollcs' Pit." There Is a strange story of the super-, natural in connection \yith IlncUwoml House, an old mansion near Basing stoke. In the shape of the ghost of a. vnung holy, said to have been murdered I there. She was seen soon after the house was purchased by Lord Bolton, by Lord Bolton himself and two of his friends. The ghost of Barbara Vllllcrs. Duchcs? of Cleveland, is raid to haunt Walpole House. Chiswlek Mall, ami her spirit ap pears at short intervals nt a bedroom window in the upper part of the house, wringing its hand? and beseeching some unknown person to "Give her bnck her lost lwauty."- —"Royal Magazine. 