PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ABSSEMBLY. THUrSDAY, DECEMDER 28. (Abridged from the" Courier.") SUGA.RWORIKS GUARANTEE ACT. I'nosE who predicted that Thursday would be the closing day of the session, and a abshort ole, were doomed to disappointment, for Mr. Philp sought at the outset to introduce a bill which presented, asit transpired, many elements of dissention. It was a bill to amend the Sugar Works Guarantee Act, and a corollary to a vote of £100,000 passed on the loan estimates on Baturday morning. Anticipating objection, the Premier remarked that if it proved contentious be would not go on with it. But it was desired to build two mills--one on the Johnstone, the other on the Molgrave, and to effeet repairs to others; and although the wisdom of going further in the central mill system might be questioned, since the existing mills had not proved an unqualified success, he reminded members that suOh works rarely were remunera tie during their first years. Mr. Dawson, who had called "Not formal," explained that he had so acted in protest against dubch a bill being brought down at so late a period. As a matter of fact, the Premier had agreed to close the session last week, yet now he came along-not withstanding all his promisbs-with a most contentious measure, conteining prinEfpBs to which the Labour party strongly objeoted. He held that the sugar industry had been unduly favoured, and in order to holster it up others bed to suffer. Mr. Fitzgerald had no sympathy with the Government, nor had he mochin comnion with his leader on this prtioular question, as a matter of fast, a loan had been.promised by the late Hon. T, J., yrness to theJohoptone Biver, and, besides, thetre was no surprise about the businese, besause the pther night a vote of £100,000 had beesn pabdo n the usderstandlng that a bill would be brought in to advocate it \- And it the bill was sot put throughbthis session pramctically the whole of the land on the J6hn stone and Mulgrave would fall into the'hands of the banks, and "that ocntopusandmonopoly,"' the Oolocial BSugar Refining Company. This criticism of his leader, mild enough maybe, caused some little mirth among the gentlemen sitting opposite, some of whom, at the same time, indicated their objection to the bill by interjestion. ioording to Mr. G. Thorn, the whole question of eugar growing andthe eentral mill system demanded veer aretol consideration before any further fnancal aid was conceded. Mr. Armstrong was on the side of the OppDei. tion, too; in fact, he was with Mr. Dawson, sand the announcement prompted an .invitation to "?eome oner." The suggestion teas i~iored, and the member for Loekyer went on to ad versely .criticise "'these constant attempts .to whitewail the cestral mills" by fending the debts in the way proposed.' But ole iweal objeo. tion seemed to be rather against the:t eo'the egrionsltorsl industry, in its other bcqehes, being allegedlyoverlooked year after yasrthan anything else; for be said plainly iough that he, as one of the representatives of that indue t, would vts agieat aoy inrther pampering o sugar until justice h bean dealt out else where, The debate so far hadtsaen place on Wne motion that the Speaker leave the- chair, and when Mr. Armstrong had finmised Mr. Morgan was allowed to give place to Mr.Grimes. In committee, for the introduntion of the bill, Mr. Turley fiercely assailed the Government, who, hesaid, had plaoed the amonnt on the esaimates, rushed them through in the small hours 61 the morning, and then declared that members weald stultify themselves if they did not pass the bill, and he said straight out that he would exhaust the forms of the House in opposing the bill to, the death. In response to an invitation from the Premier, Mr. Turley temporarily resumed his seat to allow Mr. Philp to peak. Mr. Philp briefly denied that any trap had been set, or that anything underhaan had been done. As, however, there appeared to be considerable opposition on both sides of the House, he moved the Chairman out of the chair. This in itself was a surprise, but a greater was in store. Both Mr. Givens and Mr. Glassey gave indications of temper. Mr. Givens rose first, and he went at his leader and Mr. Turley in a way that was entirely novel. He did more than this--he deolared that he was returned to assist the sugar industry, and if he did not -do I that now in connection with the bill he would have won his seat by false pretences. Under these ciroumstances, and in vibw of the fact that he could not ally himself with any other party in the House, he would, immediately on return ing to Cairns, place his resignation in the hands of his constituents. Mr. Givens said much besides, Including a threat to block il possible the votes for " the palatial buildings in Bris bane," bat his chief string wasresignation.: He " fetched" his leader, who distinctly repudiated the statement of his colleague that he (Mr. Dawson) was allied in his opposition wit the Colonial Sugar Company, and that the bill was being withdrawn because of the opposition of: the Labour party. And in this view he was supported by Mr. Philp, who declared- that it was the objection of both parties which had prompted him to take the course he had done. I He belived in State aid, but be wanted State aid in equal doses. Mr. Keogh was opposed to the bill. He considered that the Government would not be justified in expending any more money to bolster up an industry which could not stand on its own legs. Towards half-past 7, several other members having spoken in the meantime, the Premier reminded the House that there was not a ghost of a show of passing the bill Why, then, oeat the air ? The objection was not so much to the bill as to the time at which it was intro duced, and he promised that the bill'would be one of the first brought dowanext session. Mr. Glassey interjected that this ought to be satis factory, but it wasn't, and the talk went on much as before. It was 8 o'clock before sweet reasonableness reigned; and the Chairman was allowed to leave the chair. LOAN PROPOSALS. The loan proposals of the Government, which totalled about two and three-quarter millions, and covered only works completed or in progress, gave-Mr. Givens an opportunity to obstruct. By way of protest, he divided the House on the vote for works, and the 10 members who voted with him indicated the feeling to be North v. South. But even with this Mr. Givens was not satisfied, and he talked to an unconsoion able length. In connection with this debate, Mr. Bowman made his maiden effort. It was brief and reasonable, and elicited all-round ap plause. By 10 o'clock, after another divi sion, the loan proposals had been approved, and a bill covering the proposals was presented and dealt with. This bill called forth an able speech from the Treasurer, and a critical reply from Mr. Kidston, both efforts eliciting a most interested attention. Mr. Philp explained, that it was not necessary, nor would it be wise, to go on the market just now; for we had enough to carry us over 12 months, and money was dear if not scarce. He explained where these funds were to come from, and declared that if care was exercised there would be nothing to fear, and the finances would remain in the same healthy position as at present. Concluding, he predicted some criticism on the way the Savings Bank funds had been drawn, and deprecated any discussion which would promote public dis trust in the institution. Mr. Kidston, who bad evidently prepared his speech with care, gener ally condemned the Premier, not only for creat ing a loss on the Saviogs Bank deposits, but for actually raising a loan without the sanction of Parliament. Ee declared that he had failed in his duty in not covering himself at the end of last session with a loan bill. The conclusion he drew was that the healthiest thingthatcouid happen to the public life of the colony would be a complete change of government. The other speeches were harmless and, itseemed, unneces sary. They had, however, the merit of brevity. The Loan Bill had been passed through all its stages, and so had the necesary Appropriation Bill, by 12-10 a.m., at which hour the House rose till next day. 