MR. ROWE AND SECRET SOCIETIES. To THE EDITOR. SIR-The Rev. Mr. Rowe in a Pleasant' Sunday Afternoon lecture, reported in the columns of your Monday's issue, made some assertions regarding the Jesuits which are not in accordance with truth or fact. Large latitude is usually allowed to an afternoon lecturer. But even the pleasantest afternoon orator should rein in when he reaches the limits of slander, no matter how pleasant the oration, or how strong the afternoon influence might be. It is, to say the least, deplorable that this rev. gentleman, the temporary head of the respectable Wesleyan body in this colony, should so far forget the law of charity in any afternoon speech as to vilify his neighbour's character and violate God's precept "Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour." The Rev. Mr. Rowe dragged forth the thread-bare worn out accusations and charges that have long ago been relegated to the realms of falsehood and of fiction, and that have been refuted and repudiated over and over again. I will take the rev. gentleman's charges seriatim. (1.) " The Jesuits are a secret society." I deny this assertion and I challenge Mr. Rowe to prove his statement. A secret society is a body bound by oath not to reveal its plans or purposes to obey unknown and unlawful authority and orders unknown when the oath was taken. The Jesuits take no such oath, and they obey only, legally constituted authority, the Pope and their lawful superiors. The Church condemns and excommunicated, and has always condemned and' excommunicated all secret oath-bound societies. How, then, can the Jesuits, who are approved of by the Church-who are the quintessence of the Catholic Church a secret society The Society of Jesus, even from its institution, showed plainly and openly its purposes and its motives. Its motto and watchword is "For the greater glory of God." It has always strenuously endeavoured to adhere to this motto in every part of the earth. Hence it has proclaimed a perpetual warfare against heathen superstition and heresy, it has founded colleges for the training of the young in piety and literature, conducted academies, and, by teaching and preaching has stirred up men and nations to piety and moral rectitude. It has served in hospitals and in every undertaking and office of charity, that in any way whatso- ever serves to minister to the consolation of souls to gain them for God. And for this they have won the hatred of heretics and the vituperation of evil-minded men who blaspheme whatsover things they know not.' But the servant is not greater than his Lord. " If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more term of the household?" Therefore heed them not." (2.) " There is knowing what part a Jesuit would play." Perhaps not to those who are ignorant of their lives and constitu- tions. Let me inform the Rev. Mr. Rowe what they would do and would not do, and what they have done. A Jesuit would not play to the gallery or sacrifice truth to purchase a cheap popularity; would not vilify or asperse the character of any man or any body of men to pander to a deplor- able bigotry, and above all would not operate on a pleasant Sunday afternoon on a subject of which he was woefully ignorant. A/ Jesuit would always respect truth and his neighbour's name ; would take the - precau- tion to be well informed on any subject on which he spoke and would earnestly endeavour to advance the interests of charity and religion, the glory of God, the salvation of souls, and the peace and welfare of our common humanity. Macaulay, the brilliant rhetorician, but not always reliable historian, in a mingled tribute of praise and misrepresentation, gives us a faint idea of what they have done: " With what vehemence, with what daunt- less courage, with what self-denial, with what forgetfulness of the dearest private ties, with what devotion the Jesuits fought the battles of the Church is written in every page of the annals of Europe for centuries. Wherever the Jesuit preached the Church was too small for the audience. It was in the ears of the Jesuit that the powerful, the noble, and the beautiful breathed the secret history of their lives. Dominant in the south of Europe, the great order soon went forth conquering and to conquer. In spite of oceans and deserts, of hunger and pestilence, of spies and penal laws, of dungeons and racks, of gibbets and quartering blocks, Jesuits were to be found everywhere under disguise and in every country ; scholars, physicians merchants, serving men; in the hostile court of Sweden, in the old Manor-house of Cheshire, among the hovels of Connaught; arguing, instructing, consoling, stealing away the hearts of the young, animating the courage of the timid, holding up the crucifix before the eyes of the dying, v The Old World was not wide enough for their strange activity. The Jesuits invaded all the countries which the great maritime discoveries of the preceding ago laid open to European enterprise. They were to be found in the depths of the Peruvian mines, at the marts of the African slave caravans, on the shores of the Spice Islands, in the observatories of China. They made converts in regions which neither avarice nor curiosity had tempted any of their countrymen to enter, and preached and disputed in tongues of which no other natives of the West understood a word." This and much more have they done which I might relate, only my letter is growing too long (3.) "If it was good for Roman Catholicism he would become Protestant." No, Mr. Rowe; Jesuit might do very strange and erring things, for to err is human, but there is one thing a Jesuit would not do he would never become a Protestant. No, not even for the pleasure of listening to an afternoon lecture. A Jesuit is a gentleman who, in order to rise to the higher state of Evangelical perfection, renounces family, home, friends and fortune; who sells all to follow Christ ; who is crucified to the world and to whom the world is crucified, who has put off the old man with his affections and motives, and has put on the new man in Jesus Christ who is dead to himself and living to justice-and all this that when he is dissolved he may be with Jesus. Surely, then, he would not abandon" his eternal hopes to become a Protestant. (4) " His teaching was that the end justified the means." This is an oft-repeated calumny, as I can testify from overwhelm- ing proof at hand. It is the tactic of the despairing lawyer, "No cause, abuse the other side," and I exhort the Rev. Mr. Rewa as he values truth to withdraw or prove it. Every Catholic knows that it would not be lawful for any purpose, or under any circum- stance not even to redeem a lost soul from hell to deliberately commit a moral wrong. What a pity the rev. lecturer would not be more guarded when dealing with a religious body of men who exemplify in their lives the inspired character of the true apostolic labourer. For the Jesuit is a living imitator of the apostle, as he was one of Christ in labours, in watchings, in fastings. in chastity, in knowledge, in long-suffering, in sweetness, in the Holy Ghost, in charity unfeigned, in the Word of Truth, in the power of God, by the armour of justice on the right hand and on the left, through honour and dishonour, through infamy and good name." To me it appears that Christ had the Jesuits in His mind's eye when He uttered this prophetic and solemn benediction, " Blessed are ye when they shall revile and persecute you and speak all that is evil against you untruly for My sake." Dear Mr. Editor, let me entreat the Rev. Mr. Rowe to be more mindful at future Pleasant Sunday Afternoon lectures of God's command, " Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour, to remember that Christ's honour is concerned in that of the society called by His Name that whatever is said of them is said of Him, and let me plead with him as Christ pleaded with the mistaken zealot on the way to Damascus, " Saul, Saul, why maliffnest thou Me ?" -Yours, etc., AMBROSE O'GORMAN. Perth, August 16. 