The Grey Eagle of the Atlantic . CHAPTER XXV. ' Would you like to see somo fun, Launce ilot, my. boy?' asked Captain Barnacle Backstay of tlie young lieutenant as both ?were returning from a delightful visit to tho .'Morley cottage, where, in the company of 'their respective ' divinities' they had passed ? a happy evening. , ' I am always ready for fun,' said the youngster. ' What do you propose, captain ? A serenade, or anything of that sort r ' No, I am not spoony enough for that. . Such sport will do for city-dandies and make 'believo counts. Tho serenade 1 propose will -wake Admiral Hardy from his morning nap, -and show the British fleet what a Yankee .privateer can do, when inclined for a lark. It is now about eleven o'clock, aud: the tide is just .turning ebb. It is so dark that even ? our batteries, will not know what we are ?doing, or miss'us from our anchorage before ?daylight. ? I propose, as soon as I get aboard, to unshackle the chain and leave it buoyed, .get noiselessly under sail and run down to ?the British fleet, which is blockading Boston Harbour. There is always a heavy fog just fbefore morning, and in it, with our colour, we ?will not be seen half a cable's length away, ?while we can see their black .hulls a quarter of a mile. We can run in, pepper them nicely, and get away again before they fairly under stand what it means.' ' Good — you are a man after my own soul. How the- gouty old Admiral will swear ! I ?wish we could get him prisoner once more.' '.We may, perhaps, if he don't keep close aboard: his ship — but here we are alongside. You can ero and take a nan if vou like — it ?will take us two or three hours ta make sail and run ia among the enemy.' ?' No sleep for me, captain, when there is such a prospect of work.' The gig was hoisted to her davits as soon as the captain got on board, ana then his orders to get under way with the ? strictest silence wero given ia low tones. The crew, aroused to work, soon performed this, duty, and nnder only her jib until well outside the Grey Eagle crept away from her anchorage. Then all sail was made, and she bounded along,, with a fresh breeze on her destina tion. As tho captain had predicted, a heavy fog lay upon the water, and the first notice they had' of being near the fleet was the sound of a ship's beel striking ' four bells' — two o'clock in the morning — but a little way ahead. The sound of other bells repeating the hour in various directions told them they were steer ing right in among the vessels, and all hands being instantly at their quarters, with the guns loose and ready for action, only a good look-out was now necessary to see where and ? ihow to;Qpen the ball. \ \- The foresail was taken in so as not to interfere with the midship gun, as it was the heaviest, and Mr. Morley's marines were also ranged in file, with their muskets charged, readv to season the heavier dish which the big guns would give the enemy for their early breakfast. Captain Backstay, standing in the fore rigging, conned his vessel, having Jack Ghost at the wheel to steer her as he .directed. 'Steady now, and ready, fore and aft. Gunners, mind your training tackles, and be sure no shot is lost — steady — -'steady !' These orders wpre given to - a silent cre w, ? for Captain, Backstay's men were as obedient' to his will as the schooner to her helm. The Grey Eagle moviid steadily on for a few minutes, when the low tone of the cap tain again reached the helmsman and gunners. ' Port the helm a little. Ready there with the guns on your starboard beam. Eire when ?we're broad on the enemy's beam and not before.' The dark hull of a vessel looming up close on the starboard bow, was now in sight to every eye, but from her colour it seemed that if the enemy was on the look-out the schooner could not be seen. On— until she was abeam, and. within a pistol-shot, tho lantern in the fore- rigging of the Englishman in plain view, and then Captain Backstay said : ' Let her have it, boys, between wind and ?water — it is the Admiral's ship ; let her have it.' . At the same instant, while a startled hail came from the English vessel, the two double-shotted cannons from the. Grey Eagle ?sent their loads of iron crashing into her hull. ? 'Silence and ready for another !' was Backstay's next order, while the schooner swept on in tho fog, the air around resound ing with startling evidences that the enemy ?was waking up. Drums rolling to quarters — the shouts of officers and a rapid fire- of signal guns from the flagship would have alarmed most com manders, but Backstay, quiet at his post, sighting another vessel, cried just loud enough to be heard by his own men : , ' Ready on the port side. Fire when your gun bears on the enemy, without waiting for orders.' Again a dark hull loomed up to larboard, and in a moment more both the heavy guns of the schooner sent in their loads, crashing and splintering, while now, passing at close quarters, the small arms told with fearful effect on the clustering crew of the enemy. Tho latter returned the firo from her heavy guns, but the Groy Eagle had slipped from sight in the fog, and not a shot struck, her. It was now easy, from the noise they made, to learn the position of the enemy, and with out endangering himsolf Captain Backstay succeeded in getting in several more damag ing shots. But the fleet was now fairly aroused and tindor sail. Therefore the bold privateer, iknowing that even a chance shot disabling a mast] might lay him open to capture when the day dawned, set his foresail and stood clear of tho fleet. He had carried out his plans, and had all the fun ho desired, without losing a man, doing to the enemy, he was Buro, a good .deal of damage. He was well satisfied to return to his anchorage in Salom Harbour, wliero lie would only bo too glad to- have the British fleet seek retaliation, with the shore batteries for jiis support. * » CHAPTER XXVI. The colors of the Grey Eagle, flying from each masthead, as she stood back to her old anchoroge in Salem Harbour, told the citizens that she was returning unharmed from some bold exploit, but though there was a largo gathering of people on the beach,- there was not the usual sign of rejoicing among thom, such as cheering, waving of hats and hand kerchiefs. And Captain Backstay, who, with his glass fixed on the white cottage, looked for the expected sign of glad recognition there, looked in vain. ' They must sleep late at your house, this morning, Launcelot!' said he to young Morley. ' I see no sign of anybody stirring there yet.' ' That is strange, for it is a boast of my dear , sister that she always greets the sun with open eyes when he lifts his head in the eastern seaboard.' A boat which came hurrying from shore contained the commanding officer of the troops there. 'All tho English officers escaped last night, sir !' he cried, as soon as he came alongside.' 'How — in the name of Heaven, ? how ?' asked Backstay. ' It appears that a Quaker, or a ? pretended Quaker, treated the guards to drugged liquors. They slept and the officers had nothing to do but walk away.' ' Then they couldn't have gone far — have yon scoured the country for them, sir ?' ' We have tracked them, sir, by the frost on the ground, to where they embarked in three or four boats which must have landed especially for them, for by the tracks and places where the butts of guns rested on the sand, the party must have been large and armed.' ' Ah — then this has been a preconcerted affair.' ' The worst, I fear, sir, is not told to you. The escape of the officers is, not all. The widow Morley was found iti her cottage, bound and. gagged, half an hour ago. She reports that a party broke into her house in the night, and enforcing silence with cutlasses at the throats of the inmates, bound and gagged all of them, leaving her, but carrying off the two young ladies and the boy that is known as Silly Bill.' '0, my poor sister ! Steven Crane has done this, in revenge!' cried Launcelot Morley. ' The whole thing has been plotted by him, and he has been the disguised Quaker. For Heaven's sake, Captain Backstay, let us get under way. again and go after them.' ' Silence, Lieutenant Morley — I feel this matter as deeply as you can, and will adopt the best measures which my judgment ad vises !' ? said the captain, sternly, mastering ?his own excited feelings( with an effort. ' When, so near as you could learn, did all this occur ?' he asked of the officer from shore. ' - ? ' At- midnight, or' very soon after,'- was the reply. -.-'V - - ' Then, if there was no delay, the boats have had time to reach the British floofc,' said Captain Backstay. 'Pursuit is at present useless, but we must learn in some way what has become of the ladies. For I cannot believe, cruel as they are in warfare, that British officers would take helpless women on board of their vessels as prisoners. Steven Crane has taken Constance out of revenge for her having given a home to Irene.' And if they arc not on his island, I am mistaken. I think that even he, heartless and brutal as ho is represented to be, would hardly dare to throw his daughter among the officers of the fleet yonder.' - ' Then, captain, will you let me take a boat and go to Crane's island at once ?' asked young Morley, eagerly. 'No, sir — that would be folly. For if he saw a boat coming and if there, he will be on the look out ; you would not accomplish your object. He would either remove the girls or have them under an armed protection of such strength that you could do nothing. Wait until night and I will not deny your request. And now, my dear boy, go on shore in that boat and comfort your mother. I will follow for the purpose of inquiries into this escape of prisoners, and seeing who is to blame in that. Then I will meet you at the cottage, and we will arrange our plans for future action. Do not think because I do not tear myself to pieces tbat I do not feel in this matter. I suffer as much mental torture as you can — but I know how to control myself.!' Almost speechless in his agony, young Mor ley got in the boat and went on shore as he was advised. ? — . . . CHAPTER fXX VII. ' Well, this is something better— something better!' cried Admiral Hardy, as Lieutenant Seaton and the escaped officers of the Hecla reported to him shortly after daylight on the same morning when his whole fleet had been thrown into disorder and handled so roughly by the daring privateer. ' The man Crane has partially redeemed his former blunders. I am glad to see you, gentlemen, and hope the capture^of the Hecla can be explained satis factorily. By the way, where is the man Crane ? He deserves a roward for this suc cess, and he shall have it !' ' He will be on board in a little while, sir,' said Seaton. ' We have a plan laid to re capture tho Hecla and hor convoy, and to capture the Gray Eagle, too, which I hardly think will fail. Tho very fog which enabled the privateer to creep in among your ships this morning, will help us to carry our plan into effect, and we will work this timo with a secrecy which will enable us to be successful beyond a doubt !' ?' But where is this man Crane ?' reiterated the admiral. ' We left him along tho islands, where ho has gono to place his daughter and a companion of hers in a secure hiding -place, known, he says, only to himself. He will then come on board and our plan of action will belaid before you.' 'Very well, gentlemen — very well. You will breakfast with me. That rascally pri vateer played the deuce with my rest last night, and my steward reports around shot through the pantry and a general smash up of crockery. But I think he'll find us something to eat from. If tho captain of that privateer was in our service he would be an admiral in a year. Just think of his impudence — running in with a couple of guns among a fleot carrying tlireo, hundred times his metal. Ho is as bravo as ho is lucky.' 'And as polite, when you meet him, as if ho were a gentleman born and bred,' said Seaton, ' I was astonished at his courteous manners. There is more in these Yankees after all than we thought on the other side of the' water.' . ' More of fighting metal, I acknowledge,' said the Admiral. ' Well, what is wanting ?' ~ The last words were addressed to a marine orderly, who stood at ' attention' waiting to speak. ; ' A man named Crane solicits an interview with the admiral,' said the soldier. ' Admit him — he is expected !' said the officer. The soldier saluted, wheeled as on a pivot, and marched out. A second later, Crane, hat in hand, entered. 'You are a good fellow, Mr. Crane, and I take back all my hard words,' said the admiral, pointing his new visitor to a seat. ' Your success in getting these officers out of Yankee hands is ominous of ' more good Inck. Therefore I will hear, in conjunction with the views of these officers, i your. further/ plans.' ' Thank you, admiral. I thought I'd get j right in your honour's eyes before I was done. The next work I wanfcto do is to make believe you've left the coast, but to run in shore in the night again, with the fleet, so as to cut tho privateer off from escape. I can spake1 every Yankee gnn on shore, and when that is done we can board the privateer in the fog and take her. Then the other vessels will be ours with out trouble. Silly Billy, and my girl have confessed to having warned the privateer of the last intended attack, which they found out by accident. Bnt now they are safe where they cannot communicate with anyone, and there is no danger . on that score. With the privateer captured, and the shore batteries useless, the town will be nnder your guns and at your mercy. Yon will demand the release of the prisoners in gaol whom we did not release last night, and, if yon like, make the Yankees pay you well for sparing a town so noted for its war proclivities.' ' Well, sir, have you done ? You'd make a first-rate sea-lawyer, for your jaw-tackle runs as easy as a four-inch rope through a six-inch block.' ^ 'Yes, sir; I am through ; only this is left. I volunteer to spike the guns and to be the flrst to board the privateer.' ' ' Both duties of importance, and the last the post of honour. To-morrow morning I will stand up the coast, run in close enough to be seen by tho enemy, and then crowd sail to the north-east, as if bound for Halifax. Wo will carry on till out of sight, and then reduce sail, wait till night, and come back to the work.' ?' Crane now withdrew, for it was evident from,- the admiral's manner that no more was ?to be said, for the present., (To ie continued.') 