THB HAUNTED YACHT. A Clydî Ghost Story. A a HOST story is to band from the Clyde in the shape of a narrative published by the Glasgow Week'y Mail, which has a steam yacht for ita locale. A month or two ago, wc read, the yacht in question was anchored in llothcsay liny, when one of the bands was drowned at that cold eerie hour known as " turn o' the tide." The skipper and another man joined the yacht next day. The hand .rho had wrought along with the man had taken another situation. Jtat a night or so after they joined tho vessel they were startled lu their bunks by bearing seven distinct knocks in the forecastle. They looked out, examined tho yacht, and finding nothing to account for the weird sounds were mystified. Tba knocking continued ; then after awhile it stopped, but from tho sensational incident, for they were tho only two persons on board, they sat up and wondered what tho sounds could have been. A night or two afterwards two gentlemen were on bsard at the hour when the rapping and rattling amongst the pots commenced, and one of them shouted over to where tho skipper and engineer were resting, " Were yon knocking, captain ?" .The yacht was ordered by its owner to sail to the Kyles, where it is used every day by a gentle nan and his party. The two men are left on board at night. The other night at 12 15 the knocking began, and, to their horror, thc lid of a pot was flung at them, and struck tbe ladder between their bcd«. " In the name of God, what are you ?" shrieked the captain. "Speak, I say, speak 1 If you want any* thiner, make a sign ?" That instant the noises ceased. Thc lid of tho pot, it is said, could not have fallen off, or it waa on the pot when seen last. Next morning thc sounds commencet at this selfsame hour, and lasted the usual time, tilt after 1 o'clock. The noises resembled a poker being hit on a grate, ami then the Bound of bare feet hurry- ing along the deck overhead. There were no traces of rata on board. The two men, thinking that thu "spook" might be con- cerned about soma belongings, searched the yacht through and through, but came upon xteither money nor anything else. The captain is said to be a seaman of proved courage, a life abstainer, a regular church- goer when at home, and not superstitious. 