[?] Short Story. A Case of Conscience. There were perhaps a score of people In the drawing-room of Westholme Towers. The assemblage included, among others, young Radson, of tlie Guards, for whom I had conceived a vast partiality ; Wallace Lewiu, known to me years ago. when he was consul at Jaffa ; Mr. Can aan, the owner of tlie demesne adjoin ing my cousin Tom's ; and Mr. Cannan's winsome daughter, Dorothy. Miss Cannau sat at the piano, while Tom, under pretext of turning over her , music, stood close beside her, all plea santry aud courtesy. Tom — tall and well-built — showed at his best that evening— I noted it witli gall in niv heart : and his jovial face . w.-is abeam with smiles. 1 His diligent attendance on Dorothy had been decidedly more pro nounced of late, lending colour to the rumour then current to the. effect that j hv and she were to make a match of it. | From my seat in the embrasure of the window, with bitterness and envy rank ling in my breast. I watched tin-iu. Strive as I might— and I detested myself for harbouring the abject fancy — I could v.ov help thinking of the consequences their union would entail upon me and in y expectations. ' His life only is between me and oiglit thousand a year,' I soliloquised fretfully. ' If he marries— faugh ! there's an end of my prospects. Not only that, his marriage will rob me of her whom I love as my life — more than my honour. Lose Dorothy ! I cannot bear to think of it,' My nerves were strained to tlieir ut most tension that night. I felt un wontedly irritable and revengeful as I pictured the misery which the near future had in store for me And while I brooded thus darkly, I seemed to bear a voice — the Evil One's, Burely— ever and anon whisper encourag ingly into my ear. ' Only Ids life — only his life !' Thankful enough was I when Lieu tenant Radson and Mr. Lewin, crossing tne floor, broke in upon my churlish reverie. *' What, moping alone ?' cried the lieu tenant, cheerily. ' This will never do ! Cheer up. old chap. You seem out of sorts to-day.' ' Yes,?' said I. wiping my brow. ' My In ad feels bad— it's the hot room, I think.' Well, come out with us into the library.' young Radson went on. 'Slay, though l Ijowin lias just told me that you possess a museum of your own that is, a collection or wn:-tt-via-., ornaments and srew-Eraws that you brought witli you from the East. What Jo you say to tiisplsiyiujr them to us both ? I should greatly relish seeing them.' Upstairs wo went to my -ire?smgr- room — which adjoined my bodrootn — where stood the oblong marrp»«»terie table on which the artu-le^ were ranged. , They consisted of various silver kuick fcnacks of Indian tilagroe-work whi- h I bad picked Tip iu Bombay a year belmv. with other bizaire samples of Oriental workmanship which had chanced 10 i:ikc my fancy. ' Very interesting.' said young Rad son. stifling a yawn, in the midst of my panegyrics. ' Shall we go downstairs again ? I hear Tom sniping ' Half-a- moment,' I interposed. 'You haven't examined this yet- ' So saying, I picked up what I vainly imagined to be the gem of my odd col lection—an elaborately carved ivory sheath, in which reposed a no less artis tic Malay kriss. The steel of the razor-edged weapon was fantastically inlaid with silver, and it possessed some sort of historic value iu having once been owned by the noto rious dacoit, Lai Mangas. The sheath I handed to the lieutenant, while Lewin stretched out his hand for the keen, | curved blade. *? Yen' . pretty, indeed,' commented Radson. ' Worth something, that, I suppose Meanwhile, Lewin ran his finger along the edge of the kriss, a subtle smile upon his face. , , Then, as If seized with a sudden thought, he struck a tragic attitude, i lifting the knife high above his head. j 'Ha, ha 1' he cried, aping the ortho dox transpontine villain. ' It's his life or mine ! Shall I strike ? Ha. ha . Radson laughed hugely at the ex- . consul's ludicrous posture, a laugh in which Lewin himself presently joined. ? Then the kriss was once more placed snugly in its sheath, and we returned to tiie drawing-room. By- this time my cousin had dragged himself from Dorothy's side, being now seated in close converse with her father. Thenceforward, to my mind, try as I ? Alight to win her attention, she appeared ijvoofully reticent. Several times I -iaught her eyes roam ing in Tom's direction, aud the soul of me waxed wroth at the inference I could not avoid drawing. And at one time I thought she cared for me— thought she knew I cared for her. At that moment the voice smote my ears again with its insinuating home- j thrust— ' Only his life— only his life !' When the hour arrived for Mr. Cannan and his daughter to start for home. I escorted Dorothy to the carriage. Tom following at some little distance behind ; witli lier father. The pressure of her j eoft palm still lingered in uiy hand when j I went up to my room for the night. j Once again. like muttered thunder in my ears, there rose the reiterated phrase— ' Only his life— his life I' II. After a wild tossing about on my bed. JHnrassed and feverish, at length I doxed 1 off... | Was it a dream I dreamed then— a j horrible, torturing nightmare ? . With j alii Hie strength that is In me. I pray j that such a dream nmy never again fall j to my lot. | In. the dead of night. I thought that j an invisible, Irresistible energy clntched « hold of me, impelling me. helpless j against Its -mandates, to deeds full of ; darkness. Ingratitude, and treachery. : i In /obedience to it® behests,* I dreamed j that I rose -from my bed, stole furtively .] Into nay dresslhg-toom. arid there took i the ugly kriss from its scabbard : T dls- j tlnetly recollect that I chuckled softly | —oh, the horror of It !— as I saw the ? glint of the steel :ln the moonlight. ! Then, I knew not how. I found rnyself gliding cautiously Into my cousin's room, across the thick carpet to the side of his bed. A swift, strong blow, deep ? Into his heart, and H was done 1 A cry — feoarae end appalling —broke i ttte«KItaen«f the n'ght. and tttfs It was, X *h*t mkw«a 1 ? I sat up In bed shuddering. Merciful 1 powers ! it was no dream ! The long drawn wail of mortal agony still rang upon the air. It came from the adjoin ing room— that of my cousin Tom. A cold sweat pouring out all over me, I blindly crept; into my dressing-room and struck a light. Yes, it was no j dream. The deadly kriss, lying bare ami bloodstained on the little table con victed me. I .As I snatched it up again, to gaze aghast at its gory edge, the muffled groan once more struck upon my cars. Still retaining the weapon in my grasp, I darted out into the corridor.: I saw the flicker of half-a-dozen candles, as. roused by the outcries, the inmates of the house hurried, panic stricken. to the spot. Witli the ap pearance of the lights, Tom raised him self upon his elbow, stretched his arm towards me as if in denunciation, and then fell back — dead .' I have a dim vision of paled, awed faces around me. looking at me half compassionately. half-loathingly : I saw the fearful gash In Tom's breast, from which the blood still trickled : above all, like a scar in my memory. I recall tbe red-tinged lcriss around which my fingers tightened convulsively. When the police came I gazed at them i blankly, unable to realise the import of j their queries. I replied to them, at hazard, incoherently — j ' His life !'' I murmured, disjoiniedly. ' I was in a dream. Somnambulism 1 j I don't understand. A crime— who says ! it was a crime ?' i The police inspector shook his head pityingly, and turned to speak to young lladsdu. ' Yes, yes,' said the lieutenant, with J evident reluctance. ' It souuds like a ' confession. He'll go quietly. I've no1 doubt. I'll accompany you. too.' So they led me, dazed and impassive, away. hi a vague kind of fashion I knew that I was being taken to prison, | aud I managed somewhat to rally my : scattered faculties. There was no use in concealing the unconscious part I had played in this grim tragedy, and 1 1 unburdened my mind frankly. | ' It's a terrible business,' said Radson, I when I had finished. *' No. I don't blame you exactly. In that half-sleeping, half waking state, you were hardly respon sible for your actions. But It's a terrible — terrible business !' He need not have told me that, for when I was left alone the vivid recog nition of my guilt was more than I could bear. The many instances in which I was indebted to my cousin came to up braid me with the baseness of my in gratitude in ever countenancing an ill wish towards him. And In what way would his death benefit me now ? I could never be rich with his wealth. I nor possessed of his lands : Dorothy. 1 too. would execrate my name, and hold j my memory in deserved abhoreuce. | Nothing remained for me but the ghastly , liLl'lT I'l II Jttl 1 1 V\ru t Ivtlw t IxvoMil loomed the gaunt, forbidding gallows. III. A man left alone with such thoughts as mine tastes an earnest of death. The leaden hours passed slowly by. and al though I could not have been inside the gilol over five hours, it seemed as many weeks' to me before Lieutenant Radson lorn rued. ' I'hcw !' he said, eyeing me intently. '* Yo:: seem the ghost of yourself. You ought. not to £ive way like ibis.' ' * Might nor V' I echoed, bitterly. '* Do you expect me to laugh and dance under my sin V' 't'oine. come! it's not so bad as all that.' he added quickly. ' I've a ques tion or two to ask you. In the first placc. why -iid you pitch me that tale about a gruesome dream V ?' What do you mean ?' I cried ex citedly. 'Why this- that, you no more killed your consin than I did !*' ' What I Is Tom not dead ?' ' Unfortunately, yes. But you had no hand in causing bis death. The real -murderer has been found — wandering half-clad, aud raving mad, upon the moor.' ' The real murderer 1' I repeated vacantly. ' Have no fear : he is in safe keeping now. He must have let himself out of the house immediately after the deed was done, still retaining, in spite of his undoubted insanity, a lurking notion of the necessity' of flight. Of course, as soon as we missed him. the hue-and-cry was raised, with the result that he was discovered on the moor, as I have said, chattering to himself and chuckling over his atrocity. He particularly gloats over his frenzied cunning in having secretly filched the Malay kriss from your room, and in replacing it without disturbing yon. after be had put it to the vile pur poses conceived by Ills crazed brain. Certainly, tlie poor fellow is not ac countable for his actions, yet his people are greatly to blame ? ' 'But,' I interpa'sed hastily, 11 you have not told me who this madman is.' 'Why. it's the man you knew away In Jaffa— Wallace Lewiu. His friends were at once communicated with, and a brother of his reached Westholme an hour ago. From him I learned that Lewin has of late been somewhat erratic In his behaviour, the outcome, no -doubt, of the sunstroke he sustained a few months back in the Levant. Ever since then he has been subject to periodic fits of melancholia, bnt nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly, nobody Imagined that they would culminate, as thev have done, in a seizure of homi cidal mania. What Impelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than upon any one else, I can't understand, unless, indeed, it was for the reason I have already mentioned— the apparent ease with which the mur der could be fathered upon you. That, too, seems to be Mr. Cannan's theory.' ' Ah ! Has Mr. Oannan been to the Towers ?' . 'He came directly he heard of Tom's death. By the way, we were all at fault with regard to Tom and Mr. Can nan's daughter. I had a long talk with the old man, and, from what he said, I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooth the path for you. Aware that her father would probably discounte nance any engagement between you and his child, because of your unsatisfac tory position financially, Tom— the mag nanimous fellow— even hinted at settling a substantial annuity- upon you, on con dition that ' Mr. Cannan withdrew all obstacles. That expedient will now no louger be needed; equally, of course, Miss Cannan knew, nothing of these pending negotiations.' 'Aud she ?' I murmured, 'Have you seen or heard anything of her ?' ' Only that she is in a state of anxiety and indignation on account of your arrest, nigh bordering on distraction Her father, has gone to see about get ting you out of this Infernal hole, and if I might advise you, I would suggest th*tt you drive straight to his house, and set her at rest. Hark.' added he, as foot steps drew near the cell door, 'here comes Mr. C&nn;&u; to carry you ' Weekly Su».rt 