Original Story. LIPPY'S , LUCK, A Miner's Christmas Story, .. (By PAUL TWYFOKD.) [all rights bksbrveu] . I met Jexon in tho Hlrubt; ho looked pule aud raUerabltt — like a ghost. No wond-;r ! Tho uian'a liij;iiices were at the lowest possible ebb, his hunger unapp«u8eJ, his clothes shabby and worn, and withal thu day wan wot, cold and miaer UlrlU. lie recognised me ; in fact the recognition was mutual ; yetl paused him by. There wore old aSHocui'iouu not desirable* to be renewed. I turned to in order to see whither lie Hhuped his footsteps, and lo, lie had Mopped in his shuttling walk and was looking at me. Ho grinned ; so did J. Then he caine up to me and poured forth his troubles. They were many nnd, to some extent, 1 sympathised, though, as 1 h;id been 'had' before', I was wary. Jin pro duced a small vial from hia pocl.et. ' J.ook at that, he said. I did loot, and look tho bottle, in my hand, it livid about two peuuy weights of gold and I told him so. ' That's the exact weight,' lie said ; 'nice nold, ain't it?' I nodded, nothing more. I knew Jexon, and. waBn'l, taking any bogus gold veuturo just then. He knew ran too, and know llutl ?where there was a bit of gold lo bo got, I was as keen as a terrier .after u rati Joxon and I had foregathered in days gone by. We had been co-agitators, labour men, and socialists. Jexon was also a rabid temperance advocate, but in that 1 could not follow him. Jexon was an unlucky follow too, ho could never mako any headway in j anything, and it was not for lack of I energy either, for lie was full of it. I Latterly he had gone in for gold S digging, at least he said so, and 1 1 had no reason to deny il, though 1 I confess I wbb sceptical. 5 Anyway, there was the gold and i this is the story he told mo : : 'Thoro's six of us, and wo'ro upon tho ' (name of the rivor whispered in jny ear) - and that is a sarunlu ut tho gold wo have found.1 : Ho stopped abruptly, but I on n couraged him to proceed, I ' Well, why wo waut help.' I 'Ifc-Wosay. Most now chum I fmneib du, especially men. of yuui 'Now, don't be hard on a oove. You're a lucky oho, you are, and oughter have a little feeling for them as isn't.' ' Can you put me on to anybody P' asked Jexou, after a pause. ' I might ; but it is hard to trust men gold mining. I know men who might help you, after they have helped themselves, and I also know you.' ? Oh, etow it. Let by-gones be by go uee.' 'Very well. By-the-bye, Where's the missus und kids ?' ' In a bad wuy. Keeping a penny hush house in ? street. How sho'B lived while I've been away, God. only knows, But Lippy (my name, 1 may state, is Lipscorabe ? Alfred Lipscoiule) sho'a a stunner.' ?She is, I believe. Bad job for her Unit ever she married you, Jex.' ? Y-e-s, perhaps so; but — well, what about the gold f 'Nothing. I'll give you no advice lest it come home to me, and I must know more about it before 1 move a hand's stir. Will you have a drink?' ? You know I won't.' 1 Not of; hot coffee ? Here's a place and you look cold enough to freeze a fellow. Come in anti get warmed.1 The man's face relaxed, and his heart, I knew, was gladdened, not only by the fumes of hot coffee, but by the hope that I was relenting. ? To be honest with you, Lippy,' he said, ' I don't want money, that is I don't waut to sell ; we think too much of it, and only require as much money as will provide tucker for a few months.' \- Ie that all ? What about tools V ?We have plenty, but we can't work without tucker.' ' True ; but how did you cet to Sydney?1 ' Walked every step of the way,' The fellow seemed so earnest, so eager, and withal, so moderate, that [ did relent, and quickly summing up matters in my own mind, I made this proposition to him : ' Well, Jex, I will help you. I'll go with you and. attend to the laying oat of my own money. I am going up to ? in order to see what's what, and if it suits my book, I'll keep you and your mates in return for an equal share free of all further expense to me, subject to this con dition : that I can stop supplies at any moment I like; and further, that the cost of food and any other expense I may be put to will be a lirsc charge on the washings.' ? Agreed. You're a brick. I,iDnv ?? aud he eagerly gripped my hand. 'Now, Jex, show me where vou 'ive?1 He hesitated, but, after consider ing a bit, led the way. The neigh bourhood was a frowsy one, and the penny hash house uninviting in the extreme. Yet there were there a dozen men or eo sitting iu tho sparely furnished 'reading room* smoking. T told her what I waB going to ao, and she thanked me in her quiet unobtrusive way. Upon leaving I slipped a bant note into Airs. Jexon's hand. ? . ? ? At the appointed time Jexon met me at the railway station. His swag was a light one, but that wasn't my business. Anyhow, I shared my rugs with him in the car. Arriving at ? we had to negoti ate a twenty mile coach ride, aud then a walk of two miles brought us to the claim. I knew the country, as I had been thero in the early days, and saw but few changes. Jexon took mo to the hut. It was noon, and yet there was no sign of work. On a fire in tho open was a billy, and sitting by it two hang-dog luumng luiiuwB HinoKlng ; inside were three others, equally unprepos sessing, sitting at a table playing euchre. They looked np for a mo ment and resumed their game. ' This is a new mate I have brought you — an old friend of miue who has promisod to help us,' said Jexon, in a pleasant sort of way, his face all smiles. ? We ain't got nothin' to eat, 60 can't ask ye to 'ave a bite,' ' What 1 Haven't you got a bit of gold ?' ' Gold be ? . Where can we get 50] d ?' Which sounded bad for my venture. ' And haven't you been trying:' asked Jexon. ' What bloomin' rot ; you know we can't work an' we starvin'. Why. we can't even get a drink o' milk from the old cocky down yonder.' I said nothing, but studied the crowd with Pome curiosity. 1 learuod from Jexon that the cocky kept a store. I gave him Rome money to purchase meat aud broad, sugar nnd tea — nothing else. I was going to try an experiment. I could live as hard as auy one, and naturally ex pected others to do so when neceE sary. The food was procured, and and the men tucked in a pretty good tightness of fried mutton aud home made bread, moistened with panni kins of tea. There wan no stint, and I noticed that the chaps had ' sweet teeth,' for there was a big run on tho sugar bag. Jexon gave up his stretcher to me and slept ou the floor; it was pretty cold aud I halved my wraps with him. I was shown the claim next morning. To the un initiated there was nothing to see, but that did not disturb ine. I wanted to see the place where the two penny weights come from. Jexou pointed out a hole in the drift; I tried several nansful of stuff and got merely colours; in each. I ad vised Jexon to set the others opening out in the bank. He spoke to them, and there was some discussion. ! ' Let's sea your tools,' I »aid. iher CHRISTMAS TIME AT AN INLAND STATION. g were produced, and a more discredit able lot of picks and shovels I had never seen. The fellows pottered about making some sort of pretence of work, and I went to the hut and put on some working duds. The fellows] stared at me when I went amongst them in moleskins, heavy boots, and big bare arms ready for action. I put in an afternoon's work, and rather liked the look of tho country, though I got no proBpect. That evening I aunt for no tucker, and . all hands looked glum. We finished tho reinuants of yesterday's mutton aud bread, and no one had enough. After that repast I put matters plainly before thorn : If I was to find tucker, I must havo a fair return in work. I had shown them the way, and they must make an effort. When i saw them in earnest I would provide better tools and quarters, with heaps of grub. It depended entirely on them selves. If they were men, and acted fair by me, I'd stand by them for three months ; if they did not, either they or I would have to clear out. Finding no gold in a week, I told jexon mat no naa iiea 10 me, ana in a servile, apologetic fashion ho ad mitted the soft impeachment. ' Never mind,' I said, ' I must try and make the best of it. We must have better tools aud better men.' ' What will you do then ? ' ' In a day or two I'll tell you ; but I must go into ? (the nearest town) and I loavo iujt tow holnnjrinsrs in your care. I may trust you that much.' He looked at me reproachfully. ' You surely can trust mo that much.' ' I will do bo. I'll hire a horso , from, our cocky friend below, and hope to be back in two days.' ? * * My first visit was to the mining registrar.' From him I heard that no leaBe had been applied for, and that no miner's rights had been issued in the names I indicated. I then ap plied for 800 yards in the river bod, and 50 acres along the banks on either side, paid tho deposit and took out a miner's right for Jexon. I then purchased such tools as were required, together with axes, saws, hammers, etc., and a good sup ply of provisions, to be forwarded the following day. When I got back to the claim the men were all attention, but I told them nothing. They were much annoyed, you may be sure. They were experts at euchre, and I saw they meant to take me down, but they had no money to bet. I bought their interest in the claim for £10, and with Jexon as partner won it back. That night a heavy hand moved over my face, and in another second ?would havo clutched my throat. I had uot gone to sleep, fully expecting i some such, attempt. My right hand I held my revolver and I blazed away, not at the man but up at the rafter. Tho blaze rovealed the fellow's face, I then drove my left into him with all tho force I could. I heard a howl, and then there was a nice old row. I had slipped out of bed, and as I had turned in standing I was pre pared. Someone struck a match, and I found them all standing about me, except one, he was lying doubled up, for I had hit him below tho belt. Jexon at once attempted to smooth matters by insisting that there had been some mistake. The others talked big, but having five shots, I talked back pretty well as I pleased. Jexon, speaking on their behalf, suggested a compromise. Asked what they proposed, they asked for £20 for their interests. 1 told them I'd see them in Halifax first. ' What would I give them then ? ' they asked. ' I havo no right to give you any thing, but to save bother here is that £10 note and what odd silver I have will keep you on the road. Now clear before I ride for the police. Jexou, I have not included you, but if you are homesick hero is £2 for you tk.^e^ l'J »nvl,o. 3-^-u oto.y.' They took the money, rolled up their swags aud cleared out. That afternoon a trooper called at the camp to enquire if all hands had miner's rights. He saw mine anil Joxon's, drank a parmikin of tea with us, had a smoke, and then followed on the trail of my late mates. What for never troubled me. ' Now, Jexon, what do you intend doing? Will you stay with mo or surrender your chance here?' He said he'd stay. ' Very welL I'll now ride to B ? where I can pick up two or three good men.' ! I knew all tho old diggiugs about j B ? , but all my old cronies had [ left or were dead, though they were known to those I interviewed. I made arrangements with six good men, who returned with me, bring ing with them tU that belonged to them on pack-horses. They were of the good old type of gold-digger — strong, hearty, and capable, and looked respectable men. And what a change they brought! We soon had a decent camp, and better still, a big cut opened out and tho bottom taken up. It was dry weather and we had no difficulty with the water. The yield, upon washing up, was highly satisfactory. Subsequent washings proved just as good. Then Jexon wanted to go home. I didn't blame him for he had a good wife, and his share would set them up. He was a spare, weak man, and Ms heart was not in the work. He had £50 in his pocket, aud I offered £50 for his share. He demurred at first, ' because,' he said, ' you have been a real friend, and I ought not to take a penny from you.' ' Let me owe it to you, then. Per haps £50 about Christmas will come in handy, though I hope you will have doubled your £50 by then.' ? ? ? By enquiring at a well-known socialistic rendezvous, I found Jexon, and I am glad to say, in a far greater degree of comfort than I had evei seen him, Mrs, Jexon was most pro fuse in her thanks. Strolling out one evening with old Jex, we saw a crowd in Castlereagh street. Some great political question was being discussed, and among the speakers in the crowd I recognised the man who would have choked me ae I slept. He was in fine fettle, talked a hurricane, and had the crowd with him. I got in front of him, hoping to catch his eye. Presentlv li» uttorfid srwrm nonBonnn, n.ml I chal lenged him. I soon found that I hod raised a hornet's neat, and only that Jexon jumped up on the wall (where they were speaking) and addressed ithe crowd in a really good, sensible speech, I think I should have been mobbed. Jexon had very much moderated his views, though he had not de seited his old comrades. He was not in any employment, but he assisted his wife very materially in the boarding house, which was quite a stylish place. I handed Mrs. Jexon the other £50 aud I learned from her that she and a bright girl named Lucy had com pleted their arrangements 'to make me happy. Christmas Day was really a happy day, and I may say that many happy days have followed. That year was my very luckiest year, for though the claim on the river wasn't ex ceptionally rich, I married and won a splendid nugget in my wife, for she BOTANICAL GARDENS, SYDNEY, stood five foot seven inches ia height, weigho..! ten otone, and was just turned 25, She has been worth her weight in gold to me, and I always call her ' Lucky Lucy,' for my luck has been even steadier since we coupled; and though only country reared and unsophisticated in many tilings, she knows her way about better than most city women, and better than all, she is Jovable and effectionate and thinks a lot other 'old man,' meaning, of couiee, Alfred Lipecombe, otherwise ' Lippy.' And that is all I have to Say. My luck is good ft.r a life time, beyond all doubt, for not only is my big 'nugget' as bright and winsorcc- as ever, but at this ,moment three smaller 'nuggeti' are overhauling their Christmas' stockings for good things and offering me bite of each variety. And — there l're said enough. .., 