AN EXECUTIONER'S MISERABLE LIFE Down in tho littlo wine-shop ncnr Ln lloquette, I mot Deibler, " Frnncoip," *' Monsieur de Paris "-take any name you like, but always " Francois " in private life. A chance meeting with one of the police agents had led to the certainty of seeing the famous executioner, and the possibility of having an interfiew. The latter hope failed at the very onset. Ho came quietly into the bar, looking sad and wearied out, for, six hours before, he had cut off the head of some poor dovil down in the provinces. He shook hands cordially with my acquaintance, and, on his introduction, treated me with just as friendly a grip. I saluted him as Monsieur Francois, for to mention the name of Deibler would be to reveal his identity in a quarter of Paris where the inhabitants would maul him in the twinkling of an eye. As I said, the interview failed. Deibler saw that I was an Englishman, and in spite of the menda cious assurances of my companion that I had nothing to do with journalism, he drank up his glass of light wine, and excused him self on the ground of an appointment. My companion continued: " You have only failed where everyone else has failed. You could not get an interview with that man. In his heart he loathes his occupation, but it would be impossible for him to change it. Although he has done nothing but carry out the orders of judge and jury, he is exe cratod as though he bore the whole responBi bility of the death.'' Hero I interrupted him, for the face of Monsieur de Paris fascinated me. Without the slightest indication of any force of character,and with eyes that seemed full of kindness, it had struck me &B; being extraordinary that the ueatly-dressed man, with a frock coat buttoned up to the chin, and the carcfully brushed wliislterH, could without a shiver Bee that awful fountain of blood that follows the fall of the knife. I put this to my companion. " You are wrong, and yet right," he said. " Deibler suffors terribly when he enters the prison in the morning, and I have been present at one of these scenes. The Governor reads over to him the particulars of the crime which the condemned man is called upon to expiate. Deibler is as white as a ghost, and every muscle in his face is twitch ing ! Then a remarkable change comes over the man. He becomes furiously red, and you might imagine that he was anxious and even glad to play his part in avenging the crime. He himself taken no part in the strapping up of the condemned man, and leaves that to his sons. He only looks on. When the criminal is tilted up he simply regards the knife, and the instant that it is falling he turns away, and disappears mysteriously. The execution alwayB takes place at the first approach of dawn, and he is far away long before the sun ib up. There are not a score even in the quarter of La Koquette wiio know him. I asked, says the same writer in " To day " what was Deibler's life in Paris, and X was assured that it was a simple hell. He recently took a villa in one of the suburbs under an assumed name, but his identity leaked out. The whole of the inhabitants iu the street threatened to leave unless he changed his address. Ho subsequently found a home for himself in a quiet hotel, but again he was identified, and his belongings were put down in the ha.Il by the proprietor. To appear in the St. Antoine quarter in Paris would be Bimplytoplay for death, and the quiet, kindly-looking mnri, whose only idea is to kill without any hitch,is little more than an Ishmael. He drinks only the lightest wines, smokes only the mildest tobacco, and, in the company of his friends, becomes the brightest of conversationalists. " When I marry," said a budding school girl, " I'll marry a tall, fine looking man." " There's where you're wrong, sis,' said her more practical sister. "You'll have less trouble watching an ugly man, and enjoy more of his com puny," 