CATHOLICISM AMERICA. THE' 'LIBiERAL'f MOVEMENT -. CHECKED. ; ., .' ? London, August '1. In reference to the movement known as 'Americanism' in the Catholic Church: Tn the Unitsd States, Hi§;Holine«s' the. Pope has issued an edict in whioh he -has com pletely crusnea tne aspirations. of the party which has sought 'to liberalize the Church teachings and phicticcl ? -V : The edict of His Holiness has the effect of confirming the decisions arrived at by tbe Pan-American conclave of Bishops .at Rome which 'considered . the sitiiaGoh: In other word*, the Pope is now extending throughout 'the United States thc.principles nf Church government emBodied .''in^f tne practices. of Latin Catholicism. '''- . ,. '!.;;'.. The Kome correspondent 'of the~'Timej»' recently wrotei-^'lhe long-expected letjer from the Pope to '?Cardinal. Gibbcns on the subject, which, rightly or wrongly; has been styled 'Americanism,' appeared in the 'Oaservatore Romand^' .Generally speak ing, the Encyclical is regarded as a quali: tied condemnation of those doctrines: which have been associated with 'the name of Father Hecker, the' founder of toe Ameri can congregation of Paulisb. The Ency clical, indeed, refers in a tone ot evident re proof to three atTleast of the points - em phasized in the works and in the biography of Father Hecker. ^Thc'firrtia tbe need for larger room for action of the Divine Spirit in the individual soul than is customarily supposed to. be. admitted, by. the Catholic Cnurch; the. second is .the' minor import ance of vows in religious 'fratetnitietf: and tbe third point is the assumption that free dom* from temporalities with the State, as in the United State*, is. the best Dossible condition for.tbe development of the Catho lic Church. The Pope begins with lauda tory-words' to Cardinal Gibbons and: the American Catholics, and, alluding to tie many proofs of, his goodwill -which -h£-has riven them in the past, he wishes them to see in this document, another proof 'of his affection for America,; -while he .makes it clear that' his present letter is one of warn ing, and correction.. He then speaks of the controversies which have arisen out of 'The Life of iwaac^IIeiicr,*' to which. Arch bishop* Ireland'Trnfte a preface whiBh^has been much commented nponV and wlucb) has been translateUinto various languages. -The Pope is careful to distinguish .between the doctrinal .aspects of. the new theories. and questions of practical . discipline^, .j He strongly urges the imposxibility of any change in the former, whfle-admitting'that the necessity. has:.always been recognised and acted upon by the Church, of adapting certain, points of discipline to the require ments, of the. time. 'It- rests with.i*the Church; however, and not with individuals, to determine how. and when' any such adap tations .oan' be made. To say otherwise would. bev to, share in the: condemnation of tne TSfeh proposition 'of the' Synod *of 'Pis- toja.'' The Pope subsequently repudiated as* untenable the principle that the' definition of Papal infallibility bt the Vatican Coun cil affords to individuaU greater freedom of thought and .'action. . The. Pope ji» careful to say; that 'he by ho. means repu'diatM^all true progress 'of modern thought and 'civi- lization, which he., welcomes as conducive to human prosperity; but for it to be really useful it must nof lose flight of the. autho rity and the teaching, of; the Church. ; He combats th*e theory-' that -to-day the inter nal inspiration of the Holy Ghost has not to reckon with outward guidance. He re-' jecUlthe theory* which would ascribe to natural gifts a superiority over supernatural virtues. ;' ? ? 