BREVITIES. Tho sailors of the American wai ?iliip3 at Havana on New Year's Day Jeeked the Marine wreck with bunt ng. The Cubans who fought against the Spaniurds are steadily disbanding, in accordance with tho wishes of America. The Times is ' not so well satisfied with the conduct of the British Gov ernment as to rejoice in the absence if criticism and the impotence of tho Opposition.' The reduction of tho postal rate be i.ween various parts of the British Empire has stimulated correspondence greatly. The mails to the East and West Indies have increased 30 per cent., ind those to Canada 50 per cent. To a deputation of Australian natives last week the' Queensland Premier re peated that he was prepared to take -pecial steps to bring the colony into die Federal movement. The Queensland Premier says that if there has been any laxity, slowness, ou recalcitrancy with regard to Federa tion, it has been on the pait of New South Wales. The Minister for Agriculture has re ceived from the United States Depart ment of Agriculture samples of pine .pple plants. They will be planted in the west. The Broken-hill Chamber of Com merce has taken steps to impress upon magistrates the inadvisability of issuing hawkers' licenses to Asiatics. Correspondence from Norfolk Island 'fc.-ites that Coloney Spalding has an lounced his ? resignation of the ?nagistracy. The Melbourne Board of Health demands the improvement by the Government of the Exhibition Build I ing to allow better means of egress. The Victorian railway contracts for New South Wales coal have been signed. The rates show a substantial advance of 1898 prices. Owing to the Lambton municipality being in the hands of a receiver the ilectric light plant is to be shut Jnwn. Generol Mercier is stated to have informed the Paris Court of Cassation hat the names of the officers likeliest .o have opportunities for treason were larrowed down to that of Dreyfus. The names having been narrowed down to Dreyfus, the Alsatian officer was deemed by his superiors to be guilty. Colonel F. 'W. Kitchener is to com mand a force which is proceeding ;i gainst the Khalifa. The British have avenged the murder . of Lieut. Keatiug in the Niger by kill ing 100 natives in a conflict, and Hanging seven others. Lord Rosebery declares that lie always believed it to be Great Britain's iuty to avenge General Gordon. The Chinese Government is sending 5000 troops, drilled by foreign officers, igainst the rebels in Szechuan. British owners refuse to surrender their property included in the Russian concession at Hanku, The Time * demand that the Govern ment shall not submit to the baseless pretensions of the French in Shanghai, Mr. Dingley, the author of tho pre sent American tariff, is in a critical condition, as a result of pneumonia. Several Parisian papers advocate the cession of the '? French shore' of New foundland to Great Britwin in return for conmensaiions elsewhere. 'When the reinforcements of the American squadron in the Philippines are complete, Admiral Dewey will have 27 vessels at command. The Russians in Hankau declare that hidecuring in the centre of their Concession by British subjects is a nuisance. Eviction of British subjects from i he Russian Concession in Pekin is threatened. Dr. Von Lessberg, who. conducted the post- monem examination on the body of Michael Murphy, states that he discovered and commented upon the bullet wound before the body was buried. On Monday, at a station in the In verell district, 15 sheep were killed by lightning. It is understood that the New Zea land Government will not allow tho 40 Austrians now at Sydney to land un less they can show means of mainten anco for 13 weeks. The Queensland Government has de cided to establish land inquiry offices as in New South Wales, There is a great falling oft' in the milk supply in the dairying districts on account of the drought. The lucky man who drew Sfcrathroy in Tattersall's sweep on the Summer Cup refused to lay the owner one penny about tho horse. And yet he won 1 Mr. W. T. Stead, writiug of Bis marck, considers if the ouc redeeming point iu his character ' that b6 be lieved iu ghosts ! aud believed in God.' Mr. Stead conclades his article on Bismarck with a question which has a beginning and no end. President Kruger has appointed a commission to inquire into the alleged brutal treatment of numbers of Caps ' boys' by the Boer police. During the past year 19 men were killed in the Broken Hill mines, which is tho record,, the. previous heaviest year being 1895, when 18 wore killed. Throo Cantles Clsarottoa. ?' Tbrce C.etles ' 1« a brand ol oiKaroltoj which benl^ tho trademark ot quo ol tho loading in&nu.; facturlng firms Id tho tobacoo busiuoss. and this nluiio should bo Bofllciout juwrfintco ot oxccllenoo, but tis tl»o proof of tho puililitiR is in tho enting, eo tn liko innoner tho smoking qualities or tho clcarctto may bo host nscprtalnoil bv oxyctfcuce, Tbo '? TUrt* VuWto' rto aoW ovtorwwjc. 