A Gin OF SALT. It would take at lean three weeki to visit every portion of this marvellous city. Men have worked in it* hollowt tor centuries, letting it u t legacy to posterity. Hones have been brought to life and hare died there, without teeing the light of day. It ii silent and dark, eteeptwhen the voiecB of people echo *»-vugu us vvuuucei, wi vuuun uo.iii| wiu tt»e«indle of the guide or flash of the Roman light discovers iti manive and glittering wonders, tt it a city hewn in ?alt. It will hirdly be believed that ?uch a place erists. To all who dis believe, we would recommend a trip to Wieliceka, a little municipality about ?it miles from Cracow, in Polish Austria, and the centre of the Galician salt industry. The tninei are under the direct control of the Austria-Hungarian Minister of Finance, During hundreds of years the skilled hand of the labourer in the Wieliceka salt mines has been at work turning the depths of darkness into a realm of beauty. It has created ball-rooms, chapels, altars, statues, icnMuriiuia, nuiirojn, uuMmeiivra, Blair* cases, pillars, and throneB in the bowelg of the earth, and the grandeur of these ha* excited the admiration of the world. The mines date back to 1044, and now have a length of over 2j miles. Above stands a Urge, grey building, containing the offices of those in charge of the mining operations. This building is 'Interesting principally because it contains a large number of caps and uniforms worn by various Boynl persons,- Austrian and otherwise, who have descended into this subterranean city; They are each labelled with the name of tbe visitor and the day of decent. In early times this descent was made in a Bhaft worked by horse-power, but a hydraulic lift is now in use. Almost blinded by the darkness, and frightened by the eene echo of his own footsteps, the visitor first enters some colossal chambers hollowed out by the labourer in the ordinary course of mining. He almost loses himself in the expanse of the Letow ball room, which with its solid mural decoration, illumin ated galleries, stalwart pillars, and shining chandeliers, is indeed a fit and welcome chamber for lovers of the dance. This ball room has witnessed many re markable gatherings. One end of the room is adorned with a colossal Austrian eagle and with transparencies painted on slabs of silt. In an alcove at the other end of the room stands a throne of green, the crystals of which flash a green and ruby red. It is on this that the Emperor sits when he comes to the mines. The ball-room lies at a distance of 216 feet below the surface, being the first of seven stories in the mine. Three of tliese stories are only open to visitors, and they alone contain the marvels visitors go to see, and are called ' Bono,' ' Kaiser Franz,' and 'Erzherzog Albrecht,' respectively, the last two being named in honour of celebrated Au (rims. Fr m tbe scene of gaiety and splendour it is but a step to the home of quietude and prayer. Here, off one of the main. passages, is the noted St. Anthony's Chapel, the resort of thousands of the devout since it was hewn in 1698. The interior is beautified by an altar showing the Crucifixion, and on the steps of the altar are the forms of two kneeliDg monks. On the sides of the chapel may be seen smaller altars and statues of saints. Many times each year the priests at the district perform their pious duties in thiB simple chapel, not only in memory of St Anthony him- - self, but as a tribute to tbe miner who, unaided and persevering, built the chapel as it stands to day. 3 he blocks of salt the life work of the nameless labourer may last till the end of time. . . . The mine is, indeed, full of many marvels ; but the' most marvellous of all — at least, the one which makes tbe most impression on the visitor — is the sub terranean lake, lying 700 feet below the surface of the earth. The waters of the lake are dark, thick, and heavy, and as the boat glides over its face the spreading waters roll up against the sides of -the grotto with a ghost like swish. A wnderous solitude overweigbs all. The Styx alone of all the death like streams in legend could rival this in stillness. The boat is substantial, and carries many people. It is guided through the Stephanie and Rudolf Grottos by ropes running on pulleys along the Bides of the boat, and the boatman, with his hands resting on the stern of the curious craft, pushes it with his feet braced against ;he rope. There are sixteen of these lakes in different parts of the mine, but this is the only one upon which visitors are allowed to go. The trip across and back takes fifteen or twenty minutes, as the boat moves slowly through the sluggish brine. A gun shot off in the middle of the lake wakes a long and lingering echo, and the' voice of the boatman, as he calls out that all is ready, seems like the voice of a giant from the depths of chaos. 