The Sunday School INTERNATIONAL LE5S0N. SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1898. THE COMFORTER PROMISED. John xiv. 15-27. Golden Text (John xiv. 16). — 'I will pray the Father, and He shall give you an other Comforter.' Word= Studies. ' I will pray the Father, ; and He shall give you another Comforter.' In the margin of the Revised version ,we read Advocate, Helper, Greek Paraclete. Both the Greek Para clete and Latin Advocate answer nearly to our word Counsel, whose office is to advise, direct, and support, rather than to plead. The idea of Comforter rnuBt be added to that of Advocate. The English word comforter originally means, not only consoler as now, but primarily also strengthener and supporter. The Holv work of the Holy Ghost the SPirit nof onl? to Plead for the disciples, but also Comforter. to plead in ^ them in all their ways, to restrain from evil and sustain in the paths of right eousness. He is the Spirit of Truth. As BeDgal says : ' The truth makes all our virtues true. Otherwise there is a kind of false knowledge, false faith, fale hope, false love ; but there is no such thing thiDg as false truth.' And some one has wisely said : ' No one could become a true Christian without the aid of the Holy Spirit, any more than a bud could blossom without the influence of the sun.' The World To the world this is in' . ^ , deed a strange language, in Darkness. It 8? eth ^ Qot , ^ world may have intelligence, scientific investigation, criticism, learning ; but DOt by means iB the Spirit of Truth contemplated and recognised ; rather by humility* self-investigation, faith, love.' Phunmer. The Messiah was the promise of the Old Testament : the Holy Spirit is the promise of the New. Christ prays ; Gtad gives ; the Spirit . )DBpires. vtwiH ' know Him. This f. . Btands in opposition to an-u„„h tb0 world's blindness. f:i the ' And there is farther h knowledge. Ye shall know that I am jn My Father, and ye in Me, and I in you.' It is said by the holy apostle St. Peter, that ' Men spake from God, I being moved by the Holy Grhost.' And I the beloved disciple St. John says : i » Ye have an anointing from the Holy One, and ye know all things.' '(? xt was paid in tbe Old Testament ' There I; js a spirit in man, and the breath of the y. Almighty giveth them understanding.' I Inspiration differs in degree rather than I; jn quality. We may still look for |: guidance into truth and in life. I The promise in verse 26, |; An Abiding ' He shall teach you all I Promise. things, and bring all I things to your remem brance,' though primarily applying to I: tbe apostles does not end with them. I God hath more light to break forth |: from His Holy 'Word. He that follow I etb Christ shall not walk in darkness | but have the light of life. Some things f. are hidden from the wise and prudent, \ but revealed unto babes. The experi ence of the truth gives a far deeper and more convincing knowledge that can be obtained by sense or the understanding. ' He that hath My corn Great mandments, and keepeth Words. them, he it is that loveth Me ; and He that loveth Me shall be loved of My Eattoer, and I will love him and will manifest Myself unto hiiu. Judas (not Iscariot) saith unto Him, Lord, what is come to pass that Thou will manifest Thyself to us, and rot unto the world? Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love Me, he will keep My word : and My Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him. He that loveth Me not keepeth not My words.' Our Lord teaches us that Obedience & the power of receiving a Revelation, divine revelation depends on our active obedience, and that reste upon personal love. There is a fellowship between Christ and the believer, mystical, and yet so real, that it can be said they share each other's life. We feed on Christ's spirit until we share them, as bread eaten becomes a part of ourselves — enter& into our life. This is a law : that love produces obedience, a law deep, universal, unalterable, eternal. ' Peace I leave with you,' A is the customary saluta Salutation. tion, as of ' one who is about to go away, and says, Grood-night, and leaves his bless ing. ' — Luther. But our Lord trans forms common words and transforms common deeds. His peace is more than a mer® wish ; it goes deeper than the sensibilities ; and is indifferent to the storms of outward circumstance. ' The discourse returns Consolatory to the point from which it Thoughts. started. ItB object had been to reassure the sorrowful disciples against their Lord's departure, and with words of consolation it concludes.' — Sunday. The peace He gives is the peace He shares. He enables us to see the world through His eyes, to face the future with His tranquility, and to gaze upon the heavens aB if they were our home. Once a lady wrote to the head-master'* ' Dear sir, it is our intention to place our boy under your care, but before we do so we should like to know what the social standard of your Bchool is,' The head-master was equal to the occasion. He replied : ' Dear madam, so long as your boy behaves well, and hiB fees are paid regularly, no enquiry will be made about his antecedents.' * * * 'That famous old country gentleman, the late Sir Eainald Knightly,' says W. G. Russell in his 'Collections and reoolleo tions,' ' had been expatiating after dinner on the undoubted glories of his famons pedigree. The eompanv was getting a little restive under the recitation, wnen Sir William Harcourt was heard to say in an appreciative aside, 'This reminds me of AddiBon's evening hymn : And Knightly to the listening earth Repeats the story of his birth.' 