CONCERNING PEOPLE. TIU Excellency the Governor, Lord Ten nyson, opened the annual Exhibition of the South Australian Society of' Arts at the Institute, North-terrace, on Thursday mcrnoon. In the presence^ ut'a large and fashionable a*scmbbgc Ilia Excellency de livered &n; addrc*s'ou art, in whiui he di lated upon our favourable condition*, from tvbich the Governor concluded that 'South AtL-traliaiu ought to be a race of born artiste,' while if we bore out His Excel lenc/a predictions we 'oro destined to be come the art capital of Federated Aus tralia.** Of course the audience, including many artists, smiled with approval. Lord Tennyson was accompanied by LadyTcn nyiion, and the viceregil party, evinced great interest in the exhibition. Sir Rupert Clarke has informed the Minis ter of Defence that in. the event of troops being sent from Victoria to the Transvaal he will place his sen-ices at the disposal of the military authorities. Mr. Andrew King, writing to the Mel bourne 'Argus,' which stated that a lady who recently died was possibly the oldest native of New South Wales, having been born in Sydney- in 1S07, says:— 'For the benefit of those interested in Australian longevity, allow me to. state that a lady (u relative of mine) is now living at Ash field, and was born near Parramstta in January, 1S0S.' A telegram, addressed to 'The Emperor if the A.NA,' wan received at the city branch banquet last night (says Tuesday's 'Ballarat Courier.'**) It went straight into the hands of the man for whom it was in tended—Mr. J. L.I'urvca. The Rev. U. E. Hughes, of Jamestown, has accepted a call to the pastorate of the tiawler Baptist Church, in kutcession to tli ? I'ev..D. Davis who left for Eden Valley about sis months ago. Miss Ada Fcrrar, the well-known actress, left for London on Thunday in the ILMJ5. Otuba. Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Watson were passengers by the same steamer. 31r. Wat son came to Australia to produce 'The Gay rarisienne** and *Thc' French Maid' for Messrs. Williamson & Musgrove. It is not improbable that he will return to Aus tralia with some new pieces tor the same firm at an early date. ? There is on view at the establishment of Mcwrs. E. S. Wigg k Son, Bundle-street, an exceedingly handsome address for pre sentation to Dr. Archer, medical officer at 1-Kcourt Howe, by the nurses of that in stitution. JllnoU ha» compelled the doctor to sever hi* connection with the institu tion, where his kindness and skill have been highly appreciated. The address is a bcautitiil piece of work. The text is sur rounded by ornamentation, and at the base is a view, artistically painted by Xurse Dodd, ot* the institution as it appears from the beach. The text iteclf expresses the regret felt by all that Dr. Archer should be separated from the home, and the hope that his failing health will be speedily re stored ' ' ? Of Madame Melon as Lucia di Lammer moor, the London 'Daily News'' tays: — 'Although by no means the last. of the great florid singers -^. for Madame Fatti, Madame Sembricb, Madame Xerad.1, Ma dame* Marie Marimon. and others are still living and more or less before the public— the Australian prima donna is the young est, and may perhaps eventually prove to be the final survivor ot the vocalists of this {?articular genre. Nowaday?, except for li.uidciian and other oratories, tlurid vn calism is hardly needed; and, dcsintc the beautifully finished and birdlikc manner with which Madame Melba on Saturday night executed the trills and roulades in which the demented Lucia seeks tu convey news of- the tragic death of her hiuband to a jarly uf quite unsympathetic Scotch noblemen and Indie* who form a semicircle round her, the so-called 'mad' music in 'Lucia.' feccmcil vastly absurd. The per formance was remarkable chiefly as a de monstration of pure and almost perfect florid singing. The cadenza with the flute was even repeated: for, although the demented Lucia may have been mad, she was not *o mad as to refuse an encore oh one of the most aristocratic nights of the sen son.' By a strange melancholy coincidence jth';. City of Edinburgh has (says., the 'D-ul-*. News' of June 7) been deprived of twj representatives within a week. Mr. Robert Cox, the member for South Edinburgh, died last Thursday at Aix. He was mucli respected in Edinburgh, though litilo known outside of it. Mr. Robert Wallace, the member for Fast Edinburgh, who fell down in a lit while addressing the llou^e of Commons on Monday night, and dic-i at an early hour yesterday morning, was a vrrv remarkable man.- A Scot of the Scot*, he was born in Fife, and educate! in Edinburgh, of which he used to boast that he knew every street, ever}' Jiouss, and every 'stone. As a. young man he be came a minister of the Established Church, ami ruse to great eminence as i preacher at (?rcyfnar*. lie was also u rheo'ojncaL l'rofeoior in the University of Edinburgh, and the University of Glasgow made him a Doctor of Divinity. 'Twenty years ago he abandoned the clerical profes sion, rodgncd his Professorship, and was appointed Editor uf the 'Scotsman.*'' lit did not occupy that |K*t vcr-- long, but in 1888 he achieved a brilliant triumph by turning Mr. Gouchea out of East- Edin burgh, which lie has represented ever since, lie also qualified as a barrister, and soo.t enjoyed a good prsi-Ucc. He was a man of sound learning, aud great ability, with' a speculative turn of thought and a really bril liant wit. At hie ltest there was no one like hint in the House of Common*. HU speech on the In and Out Clause, as it wa« called,' in the Hume Rule Bill of 1S9Q has been compared with Sheridan, and it com pletely overcame Mr. Gladstone, who laugh ed in tpite ot hinuKjlf. in private life. Mr. Wallace wan a fingubrly genial and amiab'c man, though extremely fond of controversy and arsument. He wrote, as he *pokc, with iwluhcd case, and the current number if the 'Contemporary Keview' contain* a cauntic diatribe apiin!«t lmperiali»m*4I'mm his pen. In spite of some weaknesses and a habit oi Kaving what come into his head without respect, of persons, Mr. Wallas was cxccedingi.v jwpular in Bdinhuruli. If the serious part of the middle c*a«s though: that he had turned bis back too completov unnn kin fonnrr nrofefsion.. the nonuLuA were amused with his jokes, and alway » came nut to hear him. He had a tendeno/ to diffusivcnwir, and cnee apologized for th; length of a .speech with the plea that' hi had been looking for a sentence to sit dowt. on. Yet he waa never tedious. He was tot rary ami original to fatigue hi* audiene*. He* was »ixiy-cight, hut he did not look hit age, and in* quaint humour can ill be spar*l in the dullest. House of Commons that entr sat. lj«t Monday's 'Warsaw Courier' (says a l'aris telegram of June S in the London ''Daily Mail') announces that Padctewski wa* married oa May 31. with the ntwost Kcrecy, to Mi.«s Helen ltoscn, at' the Chueb of the Holy Ghost in Warsaw. The nctvlr married couple arc now in Pade n?w#ki's villa near l^ausanne, where they intend to »pcr.-l the honcytnoou. 