RELIGIOUS NEWS. I he Yatman .Mission.—On cAturelay afternoon Mr. Yatman co-operated with the leaders of the Christian Endeavour Convention, and conducted a brief evan gelistic service for the young people, who assembled in -hundreds in the Exhibition Building to participate in the field day of the Junior Endeavour Societies. In the evening the Victoria Hall was filled to its utmost capacity to hear Mr. Yatman tell the Story of his preaching to the banished lepers of Hawaii and the Kaffirs of . the fjuut.li African diamond fields. The speaker's description of the leper colony of the Sandwich Islands was as pathetic as it was awesome, whilst the recital of his experiences in South Africa was marked by much that was humorous as well as in teresting and instructive. On Sunday the evangelist, whose versatility is co- ordinate with his indefatigability, delivered no fewer than five different addresses. In the morn ing he spoke with much earnestness on "Sin and its Consequences" in the JPirie street Wesleyan Church, and impressed upon his hearers the fact that each one would have to give an account of the deeds done in the body. A.t'2 o'clock in the after noon an immense crowd of women and girls gathered in the Exhibition Building, and Mr. Yatman conducted a service ar ranged fete their special benefit. Mr. J. J. Virgo sang with taste and expression "One there is who loves thee." Mr. Yatman took for his text "Remember Hot's. Wife." He traced the downward steps taken by Lot, and showed how the influence of his wife might have materially altered the course of the events in his life. By the example of this woman of old he pTeached a powerful sermon upon the hardening effects that familiarity with evil inevitably produced. He urged his readers to be grace' ful and not graceless, and thus fulfil the highest purpose of their existence, and make their influence powerful for good. At 3 o'clock a Beryice for men only was held, and the evangelist. was equally powerful in his exhortations. His text was Hosea viii. 7—"For they have sown the wind and they shall reap the whirlwind." Sow ing and reaping, he asserted, were laws of human life, both in regard to communities and individuals. The harvest of the civic life waB reaped in this world, and instanc ed the destruction of Nineveh, Babylon, and the Persian and the Roman Empireey which had been swept from the face of the earth because of the seeds of evil that had been sown by them. He then went on to spealc of the individuals who sowed seeds of evil taken from five bins—the bins of drink, swearing, impurity, infidelity, and neglect, the solving bf which would re sult in a harvest of corruption. He ex horted them to refrain from sowing these wild oats, and to scatter abroad the good seed of faith m Jesus Christ. An ounce of faith, he said, was worth a whole world of unbelief. In the evening another immense gathering greeted the preacher in the Theatre Roylal. The choir rendered several items, and Mr. J. J. Virgo sang "While we pray and while we plead." The subject of the address was "The Unpardonable Sin." By the graphic description of the total wreck of the stea mer Portland, whose captain, in spite 'of warnings of an impending storm, would set out to sea, Mr. Yatman impressed upon tihe audience the folly of neglecting Divine admonitions, and said that the wilful con tinual rejection if the strivings of the Holy Ghost constituted that blasphemy by life which had no forgiveness. The address was most impressive. Subsequent to the above service Mr. Yatman conducted yet another meeting in the Exhibition Build ing, which was crowded with a congrega tion of over 4,000 persons. Mr. J. J. Virgo sang the sacred solo "Eternity." The prea cher took for his text Job xiv. 14—"Jf a man die. shall he live again?" his topic being—"What comes after death?" By means of a large chart the subject was forcibly illustrated. Having spoken of the uncertainty of life and the reality of eterni ty, Mr. Yatman said that all passed from the point of birt'h to the age of accounta bility, and had to make a choice of two path's, each of which led through the door way of death to an eternal destiny. With pleading tones he appealed to his congre gation to make choice of the better course. An overflow meeting, which was held in Oh aimers Church, was attended by several hundreds of people. The Rev. E. H. Ellis and W. Lock hart Morion were the spea kers. Yatman Mission.—The concluding meet ings of {-he mission were held on Monday. Mr. Yatman gave a Bible address to- an overflowing congregation in tbe Victoria ifall in tf>e afternoon. His subject -was "Prevailing Prayer." He commended the study of such portions of Scripture as (ten. xxxii., Romans viii. 26, Psalm xviii., and from secular literature of Browning's noble poem "Unanswered Yet." Prayer was al ways answered, for the little things of life as well as for those which were greater.— In tbe evening the Exhibition Building was filled with an immense assemblage, which gathered to hear the final address of the evangelist. Over 3,000 persons were present. The effect of the vast congrega tion singing the doxology and other well known hymns at the call of Mr. Yatman was impressive. The choir rendered the an them "I am He that liveftli." Mr. J. J. Virgo sang the sacred solo "The ha;1 f has not been told." Mr. Yatman expressed his thanks to Almighty God for the success of the mission, and his appreciation of the hospitality and help he had received during his visit from the Board of .Management, the officers, and i members of the Y.M.C.A. The loyal sup- ! port that the ministers of the city and ! suburbs had accorded birn had touched him I deeply. Tie was also tinder a heavy debt of gratitude to the Press for the informa tion they bad so freely published about his work. He was also gratified with the efforts of his choir, his noble band of ushers, and his committee. He thanked the people of Adelaide for their attendance at his meet ings, and for their monetary assistance to wards his missionary tour, round the world. At the call of Mr. F. Chappie, the whole congregation, by a salvo of applause, testi fied to their affection for Mr. Yatma.n, an 1 their indebtedness for the benefits received from his ministrations. Mr. Yatman's ad dress proper was upon "Heaven, the City Foursquare."—At the dose of his remarks Mr. Yatman held a large meeting of eon verts, and addressed to them some parting words of counsel and encouragement. Eloquent evidence of the popularity of the evangelist was afforded by (he hundreds who pressed forward at the clow of the meeting to ahake hands with him. Methodist .N'wifs.—A Methodist writes: — The United Methodist Free Churches Assembly, which recently met at Sheffield, reported on increase of 701 members. The Relief Fund, aided by the Loan Fund, had led to such reduc tions of debt that nearly £0,000 was saved yearly in interest paid on borrowed money. The sum of £38,886 had been spent in en lai-gemenls, improvements, Ac., and £21,450 raised towards the amount. Debts had also been reduced nearly £30,000.—The change in the order of sessions at the British Wes lvyan Conference, after being vigorously dis cussed for many years, was adopted with practical unanimity at the pastoial and re presentative sessions of the late Conference, and the co-operation of the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, M.A., arid Dr. R.igg in the settle ment recalled the groundless alarm which once affected a half of Europe because astrologers reported that Mars and Jupiter were in conjunction.—During the Confe rence a remarkable and crowded meeting was held in St. James's Hail, when nearly twenty French ex-priests were cordially welcomed. All these gentlemen had been priests in the Church or Rome. Many of them were now labouring as Protestant pas tors, and others were being trained for like work. One of the number, 'M. Bourrier, edited a. religious newspaper, "Le Chretien Francais," which was read by 1,500 Roman Catholic priests. The Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, M.A., ex-President of the Confe rence, said the. hall had never witnessed a irir/re remartable scene. The meeting was one of the most significant that had been held in the Protestant Church for three hundred years. An appeal was made for £250 to enable M. Bourrier to make his monthly paper info a weekly, and the sum was immediately raised.—Mr. R. W. Perks, M.P., author of the million-guinea, scheme, said that 718 of the 909 Superintendent Ministcra had written to him expressing their approval of the fund. Only 75,000 per sons had contributed to tlhe last Connexion al effort. Half a million subscribed the 700,000 guineas obtained for the present scheme, and there was a bright prospect of the whole sum aimed at being realized.-pA deputa tion from the Metropol i tan Federation of. the Free Churches attended the Confe rence. It was led by the Revs. Dr. Mc Evran, Dr. Clifford, and Dr. Parker, who delivered characteristic speeches. which were responded to by the President, the Rev. W. L. Wiatkinson, and Mr. Tani>er.-— In the joint open session the Revs. Dr. Sel lers, of Sydney, and Dr. Fi tchett, of Mel bourne, gave addresses. The former spoke effectively of the great work whibh Metho dism did in New South Wales. Hie l&ttir; delivered a stirring address, whidh consider ably moved the audience. Referring to Methodist union, he said in Australia they would soon have one policy, one wont, one brotherhood. If they failed the Rdgnsh Methodists would have warning. If they succeeded—and they would succeed—then British Methodism would have an. example and an encouragement.—The Rev. J. E& Carruthers, an ex-President of the Netv South Wales Conference, thus concludes an article in the "Daily Telegraph," Sydney:— "The eyes of more than the Methodist! world are upon us in New South Wales in this matter {Methodist union). The ques tion of Methodist reunion is looming large and clear upon the religious horizon m Eng land. Some of the leading men in the Church life of the old country are looking forward to it as one of the achievements that will mark the early years of th# twentieth century, and there is no question that a united Methodism the world over would present a sight that angels might re joice over, and a force that would nasteti the speedy accomplishment of the time when the kingdoms of the world shall be come the kingdom of our God and of His Christ." The Rev. E. H. Ellis.—The President of the South Australian Baptist Union, the Rev. Edwin H. Ellis, has returned from Peters burg and Broken Hill. The annual m«et« ings of the Northern district Churches were held at Petersburg, and were highly suc cessful, both in the number that attended and 'the spirit of the meetings; while the visit to Broken Hill was mum apprecia ted by the Churches there. Mr, Ellis preached and lectured in the South and Beryl-street Churches. The latter place was crowded at the Sunday evening ser vice; while at the lecture on the Monday evening the Church was filled by a large audience, who keenly enjoyed the chat on "Incidents on a Ten-years' London Pasto rate." Greetings from Dr. Torr.—The first Honorary President of Way College has re ceived a beautifully illustrated postcard from Dr. Torr, who, amid the glorious sur roundings of the most northerly point in Europe, sent "heartiest and best greetings to all fellow-workers for the Master.' The card which is a work of art, contains thftitb choice pictures of striking scenes in the land of the midnight sun. 1 _Second Arlvont Conference.—The twenty* sixth annual gathering of "Christians inte rested in the second advent of Christ" WaA held in Bentham-streeL Christian Chapel oh Friday. The morning session was of a devtr tional character, and was presided over by Mr. W. Burford. Quite a number of njin» ters and others took part in the varipuA exercises. A. spirit of earnestness and, en* thusiasm characterized the proceedings. This session was followed by luncheon. The affesc noon meeting was presided over by # venerable pastor, Jacob Abbott, who in hit introductory remarks stated tne "founda tion facts concerning the second and ?;lorious appearing of trie Lord Jesus." Th* irst address of the afternoon was given by Pastor If- K. Finlayeon, on "Tne Dis tinction Between the Church arid the King dom," Which the speaker pointed out wan frequently confounded. Pastor B. Cornish dealt with the subject "The Importance ot the Ivord's Supper in Relation to the Second Coming of Christ." After a largely attend-" ed tea the chair was occupied by the Rev'. W. L. Morion, who stated that whate'veY differences there were among Chrisftiatts to the manner of Christ's coming, all were agreed in the main that there was to be a second coming at a time when He was least expected. The subject assigned to Pastor R. MoCuilough was "Christ Coming as the Fulfiller of His Word," and he gave several scripture quotations in proof of the Lord's promise. Mr. E. D. Budge gave a solemn, address on "The Delusive Cry of 'Peace and Safety'" which is was stated would pre cede tne second coming of the Lord JeeoA Appropriate selections from Saj)key*» "Songs and Solos," heartily sung, enlivened the proceedings, and the large attendances at the various meetings showed that the in terest in the subject was Wr-ll sustained. Miss Edith Craigie presided at the organ. 