NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES Xir. XV. T. Stead says lie Is a virtuous man t vide the "Maiden Tribute" incident I : he is also said to be a pious mail. Ilence lie may lie pYcsuined to study t lie Scriptures. X'et lie seems to liave overlooked tliat v.c'l known passage, "l'lit not your trust In ' princes," foe he lias put unlimited trust In both the late and tlie present Czar. And with what result? Poor Xir. Stcadl It must come as tiic unklmlest out of alt to have your "XX'ar against XVnr" prohibited from circulation in liis dominions by the Czar's autocratic ukase. Perhaps this may be regarded as punishment for inconsis tency; it so, Xir. Stead may find it u lesson useful in tile future. Tbe inconsistency is pointed out by a versifier iii tbe London "Globe":— ARXIA VIRUXIQUE. (XX'itli apologies to Xir. Kipling.) . . . "Nor, indeed; would disarmament nuke for ;ieace. A reduction of, the armaments of Europe by one-fcalf would more than double the dancer of an immediate outbreak of war."— Xir. XV. T. Stead, in 18D1. ' - In Ninety -one I buckled, on my sword. I rattled down mv rille from the shelf; There wasn't any Admiralty Ixjr.l As eager for Destrovors as tnvsolf. Xly jingling spurs ami" helmet glittered bright, My trousers showed the regulation" crease. And when the .fhddJst? snuddered-at the sight 1 shouted, "Xir. Stca-.l prepares for Peace!" - XX'itli ray tow-row-row-row British Grenadiers! (O 'twas any tunc ihat came into my head!) As 1 v.-uved tlie flag on high, "Let 'em all come," was my cry. And I boomed the blatant policy of Stead, fn Ninety-nine I ply another trade; Xly language not an ultra Quaker chides. In cotton gloves my fingers. are arrayed. And my feet go forth in mild elast'ic-sides; I shudder when I see a soldier's gun, I tremble at the mention of a Tar.' O since the far-off year of Ninety-one I have taken tea and muffins w'ilh a Czar! XVith my .luli-jiili-juli-Jo-li-a! . (O the contradict'ry things that I. have said!) So I cut a dlfl'rcnt caper, aud I run another paper. And i boom the altered policy of Stead! Two old stories with a modern applica tion. Londoners who remember old Snow T-l I ! I t„ ........... .1 ! , ... e. \- - " it, moo uays wuen air. ieqnecrs used to "put up" at tbe Saracen's Head tbere may call to mind a curious old man wbo kept a secondhand hook shop in tlie street. Occasionally tbe old mail would sell a "new" book, when one appeared that seemed to meet a popular want, and on such occasions be wouid attract tbe attention of passers by witli some more or less startling announceaient on ench side of tile entrance to his shop. Accordingly, when "Hymns Anclcut and Modern" appeared, he placed two identical sketches of priests in position. Over the oue he put the word "ROMAN," and below it, "lilXFS ANCIENT," and over the other he had printed the Words "ANGLICAN," and lielow it "IIIXI'.S MO DERN," and. underneath lie.asked, "XX'Iiere's the difference?" The second story is this: At one end of a long street ill a XVnst.of England town stands the parisli church, and at the other cud Is a Romau Catholic Chapel. The character of the services, In the parish ehr.reh-.is- decidedly "high"-!ludeed, ultra- Ritualistic; and 011 a resident asking a Ro mau priest wherein the difference between the churches lay, he replied— "XVe are rap ists, aud they are Apists." The Auti-Burial-Alive Society and.Jts friends should be interested iu tbe course taken by thg, late Xir. Reuben Siuitb, of Atuesbury,- Xiass., to prevent liis interment whilst iiviug. Last autumn Xir. Smith gree ted In the cemetery nearest to his residence a building of considerable size, and in bis will lie explained his object In doing so. It ordaiae'd that lie 'was to he placed, seated 011 a -chair,- within the tomb — with ills hat 011, if lie died in Winter — which for it while was to be secured by an iron grille, but even tually to be bricked up. There Xir. Smith may now lie seen, for- bis commands have ' been carried out to tbe letter. XX'bat was the favorite food of prehistoric man? According to Dr. Matiegka, of Prague, it was ills brother." Iu a learned article in the miscellany of the Anthropological Society of X'ieuna, he proves from an examination of some prehistoric remains at Kuovizc, in Bohemia, that the people who hurled them were cannibals, not from' npcd, but- front choice, and. that they preferred the flesh of their own relations, especially if young and tender, to that of their enemies. Ho also contends, and most anthropologists seem to agree with him, that the eating of human fltsh was.In prehistoric times spread all oyer Europe, the practice being first induced hy scarcity of other food, next by„; preference, and xvas finally persisted in for religious, or rather ceremonial, . reasons. Tbe flesh was in every ease prepared by cooking, sometimes with the juice of oranges aud. lemons. - Xir. Justice Ridley, wbo is a brother ol Sir XIatthew White Ridley, the Home Secre tary, is the victim of a good story now beiug .rotaiicd, with t great gusto- iu London legal circles. XX'kllst trying a ease at a recent assizes in the North of England his lord ship, before passing sentence, was reading over the list of previous convictions against the prispner, and . he was surprised to find that, he himself had only shortly before sen tenced the man in the dock to five years' penal servitude. Xir. Justice Ridley, who was only raised to tliehcneh a little over a year ago, thought there must he some .mis take. On the judge asking how it was that the ex-convict was. at large again so soon, the prisoner replied, "I xvas released by your brother"; aud then added with emphasis, "It xvas a xvcrry Improper sentence." XX'liile in America, Xir. XX'. S. Gilbert was one evening at a fashionable function given hy a lady of the "new rich" order, who posed as a patron of music, but wbo bad not bad time to educate herself. She .xvas foolish enough to attempt to "shoxv off" before the English celebrity. "Aud what is Bach 'Batch' she called it doing now?" she sald; "Is he composing anything?" "No, madam," Immediately replied Mr. Gilbert, without the ghost of a smile. "No, madam, Batch Is just uoxy decomposing!" The popularity of the Rest Cure by ladies of fashion is, according to "XI. A. 1'.," one of tbe greatest proofs of the heedless rapidity .xx-itji .which ,xve. are all living nowadays. "Among tbose wbo have recently undergone tbis treatment is the Xlarehioness of Ormonde. Everybody has been congratulating her on the great improvement it has made in her health. The cure, xx"hch xx-as first started In America, by Dr. XVcir Mitchell, a fashion able doctor, is very drastic. .You go to bed for several xveeks; are fed several times each day; are not allowed to read a book, a news paper or even a letter; and your friends are as rigidly excluded as if -you bad the-plague. Some people not only survive It, but are, the better for it." Many people have the superstition, xvtieu things are going particularly xvell xvith them, tbat fortune means to play them some nasty trick in revenge inter on. Noxv and then the anticipation is only too well realised. An officer, xvrlting home from India, xvhere be xvas doing' splendid work, and was the trusted right hnnd man of the X'iceroy, and had steadily adx-unced from one post to an other, referred to "that extraordinary run of luck xvhieh seems to accompany hie in everything . . . and at times almost frightens me." Who wrote that passage, do you think? asks a. writer in "XI.A.P." No other than General Colley, who was beaten, and killed in the disastrous fight at Majnba Hill! A concert recently given in a town In X'irglnln xvas responsible for n curious- error, xvhieh seems to show that the Ameri cans are still dominated by the martial spirit." The second West X'Irgiuia band was announced to play, among other things, "Mozart's , -Twelfth. Massachusetts" — the twelfth XIass being supposed to refer to' that regiment. All the Difference. — "Who is happier, a tunn who has £100,000 or one who has seven' (laughters?" Rabbi: "The latter." "Why?" Rabbi: "The man with £100,000 wants more, "the other doesn't." — "Jewish XVorld." 