A TALE OF HORROR. A gentleman name Leadbetter, a hopmer chant, resident io ooe of tbe western coutitiea, bad for mauy tears made a practioe of attend' iog tl*e great annual fair at WeyLill, as » pur chaser of tbe commodity in which bs cbiefl* dealt. lthapp«nedow one occasioc, tbat he arrived at the ion to wLicb be slwsys went, some hours later than usual ; sod oo going into the boose be learned, to bis regret, that so much sompaoy had arrived before bim, that etnjr bed was ergaged. Katber then go to any Louie to wbicb bo waa a stranger, be determined to have a bod made upou some chairs m the travel lers' room. Mrs. ^ymonds, the landlady, was about to carry this arrangement ioto effect, when aLe bappenrd to recollect tbs- there a as ao ostler's room io tbe yard, which potaibljr Mr. LeadbeUer might preter ta sleeping i& a room aberve be might ^e liable to be disturbed very e*rly -ti the morning. To this the gentleman willing aooeded; aod after some abort tim^.be pawacdup the gallery in tbe yard which l**d to the apart meat, and retired to bed. Sleep leut ita leader mflueore soon to tbe weaif traveller, aod be re|-uard aoundty. uotil a strange noise in tbe gallery ahicbbebsd aacended, ruused bim int-j sense again. Tbe noise was tbst of so extrimely heavy footsUp. Mr. Lt-adbetUr counted every step ; and* U tta alarm, tbe souod ii-crcase-J, until tbe cause of it reached tbe -losr of bis apartment. In in instant a tall and gaunt figure enU red tbe reoin, with a candle in one hand, and a butcher*# kuile 1 in the other. Mr. L. attempted to speak, t-ut Lis v.'ice failed him, and tbe 6gure approscbed tbe bed. It shook tte borror- sirickeu aiaa ; tben | drew ttK knife several times serosa bia own throat ; went to a table in U.e room, set down the Sight, sou imoiciiately qu-tled the place Mr. LeadbetUr begun to breathe mgaiu ; he imagined, after a few minutes, that be must have been dream ing ; and yet, tbe candle and candlestick on tbe table were lo phantoms, they ware palpable .realities. He instantly rose with aa tnfcent to lock the door, but found that it was without j lock or bolt, and that there was uothiug else in the room but tbe bedstead of any weight. As this fortunately ran on casters, be rolled it to tbe door, and tbiaking himself thso tolerably safe from further iutrusiou, be endeavoured to go to aliep agaiu. But sleep would no more revisit his eyelids ; and be lay losaius about until, in ahout an bour, be heard tbe same ' aounda which bad before alarmed bim, renewed on tbe gallery stairs, aod in a few seconds, lie door of bis room being pushtd with great violence, bis bed was rolled inlo tbe middle of I tte apartment, and again the horrid figure stood bere I im ! The farultiin of speech aod motion now forsook him quite ; tbe figure ahook bim again with fierce gesticulation, sod again drawing tbe knife across ita throat. Mr. Leatl better observed (bat marks of blood were oo tbe blade, wbicb were not there before ! It then passed awa- from tbe roco-, aod the remainder of Mr. Leaibelter's sense fieri wilL it ; be sweoned aod remained for lone time . insensible. | As mod as be came to bimselt he put on bis ciotbea with tbe be«t speed his agitatiou would allow, aod descended luto tLe yard of I b*- mu. : lo a stable there be aaw a light, »t»d on : apprc&rhing; it, found a man dreading dawn some hordes, to whom te communicatee* tbit something particular had happened, and tbat be must bare Mr. and Mr* ijymoods oiled up immediately. Tbe landlord camp do* it ; aod ou expressing bis apprehension that Mr. Ietd better waa very ill, as Li* looki seemed to indi* | cate, was iofnrmed tbat iudted be wai not well. Mr. L. proceeded to relate all that happf oed to bioi. and concluded by expressing bis firm con viction that some Lornble murder had been committed on the premises in tbe sight. Mr. Symonds on beaiiog the tale, was 'scarcely less alarmed than tbe rtlaler. Tbe i bouse was quickly roused by tbe terrors ef tbe | host and hostess ; aad tbe business ot tbe fair I was almost forgotten io tbe wonder excited i by the story, which lost oothiag by repetition to tbe several guests of tbe ion, aa they suc cessively inquired into tbe naoee of tbe esrly , disturbance, j At six o'clock tbe ostler, whose room Mr. L. ' had occupied, arrived from a lodging which be : bad got in tbe town, on being turned out of bis i usoal bed. Much pleasure was i xpreaaed ou | seeing him ; snd ou tbe story being told him, I ' Why,' said be, ' I'll lay my life I know the ghost very well ; it wss the deaf sod dumb J fellow that comes to help me to kill tbe pija, aud wbo always comes up to my room Co call me when we have one to kill *' Tbe murder «ss cut \ It was indeed tbe deaf snd dumb fellow, wbo bad made an appointment with the ostler to kill a pig at four o'clock in tbe morning, aod who, thinking tbe ostler lssy ; bad gone first to awaken him, and a second time for the same purpose sfter be bad sluok tbe pig. 