fi Mii. Bland Holt is expected in Chrisfcchurch on October 31. . ?< ' ? Fjiaulten Linden is now the soprano of Christ Church choir, Hawthorn, A London paper credits Miss Ada Iteeve with Btating she would like to pay Australia another visit. ? ' ->!".' :,?t ? News of Mr. William Elton comes from Wallack'e, New York, where he was engaged for A Little Ray. of Sunshine. ? . 3;-.'..o . r. " M«. Harry Kick ards has made, another, engage ment with Miss Peggy, ?? Pryde, dating from August of next year. ; MB.. Gaorge Trader -who, came to Melbourne with the Trilby company, has made a , hit in America in a farce, Oscar's Birthday. I Mibb Elizabeth Watson leaves for'England next month. After three years' touring in Australia she is very anxious to see her people again. Mit. Brough's quiver is pretty full judging by his many purchases lately, , The latest, are The Mailer, The King's Outcast, and The Home of Content. ;Mrc. Brough received a cable last week to say his oiler for'Tlie Tyranny of Tears had been accepted. Another cable announced' that the Gay Lord Quem scenery/etc,, had left for, Australia on June 16. ,Mu. Bert Boyle has written a burlesque, Saucy Susie, for the Pollards. ,Tt was to have been pro duced in Auckland at. latest ? dates.. Some of the lyrics were composed by the late Mr..W. Harrison. A kumouk has been going round theatrical haunts in- London ; that Mrs. Potter; and Mr. Bellew, will enter into joint management shortly, but this the lady denies. Another story is that Mrs. Potter has discovered' an Italian dramatic romance, capable of being effectively done into English. , ? , ^ . Miss. Sophia Osmond's benefitis , arousing great interest. . The affair has had exceptional luck for the start, for Mr, Bland Holt has generously lent the Boyal for a mohnco, and given f.fche flighting.- In addi tion to this friendly act Mt\ J, C. Williamson has promised the name of the Princess'firm, and Mr. Harry Bieliards has also extended his hearty support. Tho .faenelib is to take place towards the end of August. Mr. Harry Norman, of the Bland Holt com pany', is hon. stage-manager, and a great bill is being . arranged. ?"???' . ? ? \ . Li'ra'ijia Anna Daloy, tho clever mite, who danced so prettily at Miss Peggy Pryde's benefit, ib |tht> daughter of the onoe popular Anna Fordo, burlesque star and comedionno, and Bister,,of Mr, John Forde. MiBa Anna lj'ordo marriod Mr.T, Daley,but is dead some time. . The child hab the promise of her mother'a bright talent, arid surprises even professional people by her elegant style of dancing for one so young, Miss; Peggy f iPryde was charmed with her, and engagements have been offered, but Mr. Daley thinks hislittfe daughter should be kept to school just yet. o- '. "??? ? M'na, Itlahd Holt lias i a von ted a new "memory" game, whioh can bo put to useful purpose, as well as to entertainment. Take a dozen articles, anything bandy, spread them out on a table, and then asb each person singly to look at the collection only as long as twenty may be counted. He then turns his back on the table and mentions as many of the articles as hd can remember. Very few can get beyond six or eight items, which shows how little we cultivate our powers of observation. The " memory " game is a capital addition to afternoon-tea programmes, as it . can be managed in a moment, and will keep a room full of people interested, where other diversions fail. ;Mk. W. Harrison, the one-time conductor of the ?Williamson and Musgrove Opera Company, died a week or two ago in Dunedin. His real name was (Towl, and his first association with the profession dlt'ed from over 20 years ago when he went to New Zealand with the Lydia Howard troupe. He settled in Christchurch as a teacher of music for some time, and then toured with the Chicago Minstrels. Sub sequently he was engaged by " The Firm," and when The Mikado was first produced in Melbourne Mr. Harrison sang the tenor part, " Nanki-Po," at short notice owing to the indisposition of poor Frank tioyle. Lately Harrison was Musical director for the Pollards. He had some talent as a composer, h'is best known song being " The light that leads nie," and, like most musicians, he had an unproduced ojpera, Prince Bulbo, among his unfulfilled ambitione. ; WHEN Mr. Harry Roberts first went on the stage, lis had an. amusing but.awful experience with a '(faked" beard. He got a lady'shair pad/pulleci'it to pieces, and glued it to his face. The effect on the Audience was disastrous. Roberts only drew thirty Shillings salary instead of iJ4, and was given a think ing part in the next piece. Another time, when playing ' the ghost in Hamlet, having armour, he adopted the extraordinary costume of a cork hat silvered with tea paper and several dozen yards of gauze wound about him. They told him he looked like nothing on earth and he said he well believed it. Roberts once saved a young man from drowning in Auckland harbour. Eleven years afterwards, when a member of tlio liland Holt Company,an athlete over six feet in height inet him, caught him firmly by the arm, and dragged him into a bar. " You saved my life,"he explained, {'and I've been waiting for you ever since to drink your health!" " ; Mxi. John Gordon, goes to Sydney next week, to take 'command of " The Firm's " scenic staff at Her Majesty's' /This promotion, although it will' please many, isnot surprising.for audiences,at the Princess' have had many occasions to admire the work of the ?' younger Gordon." For instance, the war tableaux jof the Roijal Divorce, and the boudoir of Miladi in (277ie King's MusTceteer, were his. He studied anatomi cal and ^figure drawing at the Yictorion National Gallery, and having a special gift for this particular line of art, as applied to scone painting, he thus possesses an equipment that some of the best scenic jartists have not. The "elder Gordon"-there will always bean "elder" Gordon, for the man still Jives in his works-used to say, " Jack will be a much better artist than ever I was!" and those who have 'seen " Jack" Gordon in the paint room know that it Jwas not parental pride that prompted the prophecy. ;Ho is the third generation of a family of scenic artists, ?Two or three weeks ago when he conducted his first ,rehearsal of The King's Jknshoteer scenery, tho identities of the Princess looked on with wonder, for the affair was carried through expeditiously and effectively. Another point, too, that struck some of jthe bystanders was the respect shown him by the fetaff. Mr. Salisbury, one of the best men in his lino that ever carno hero, paid as much deference to the Bon as he did to the father. Though not Australian born, Mr. John Gordon is practically an Australian In sentiment and education. The old Scotch ^ollege " boya" are very proud of their schoolmate, who at twenty seven years of age takeB a leading place in his procession. ; IN the words of her maestro, Herr Benno Soherek Miss Eva Bourne, the brilliant youngpianistu, is not a prodigy, not a nine days' musical wonder, but a demoiselle of sixteen years of aire TO;+i, " fnr miiaiA. a Haar\ l'nn/1 ' ^ & for music, a deep fund of enemy and" rate 1 ? capital letters awaiting her . added tn l- eate say Miss Bourne has been a model student* "'i is. painstaking, patient, and persevarin " tl on';i ing musician hails from South Melbourne Lir parents reside. She spends three or !l? practice every day, and that has beenT % ever since she first learnt her scales T she is pretty, very girlish, and rather Kit, ing. A very sweet-speaking voice anfl. gnl that would still further induce one to tvVc; either French or German. Long fair hair ?. to the Titian tint, is worn hancine loosmll'. ! fashion. A long, oval face, with creamy comjfi1"g" line nose,and brown eyes, give the musician "?°n! paleness. She has all the modestv that to genius, and with all her talent, is unsnnilf1 first public appearance was a notable one Amy Castle's first Benefit Concert At that tainment the brilliant young musician £at furore. The public had not been prepared for treat. An ovation was accorded her at the conol of her first performance. A yet warmer out was given after her second number Ever pbople have been asking where the wondi Whither did she come, and who she is? Now khow. Miss Eva Bourne has appeared at one of Scherek's concerts, and may appear at some ot before the season closes. There is the sayine pupi), like master-so it seems in this case. The cence that characterises the artist marks thostu when excitement or enthusiasm is evinced, it i tingles the fingers or fires the eye, but finds no" perceptible expression, Miss Bourne sits at tlr strument with modesty and girlish grace. Shep like her master, without affectation or flourish, confesses she feels her music; so do thoao who to her. She plays from memory ; and has an t dive repertoire, The, artistic sense is in a evidenced by her dress-which is always qui. tone, but in harmony with her complexion and y ful figure. " Some day "-and Ilerr Scherek c' his eyes to conjure up the dream-'"she j*o home,, to .make for herself a career", she wilt not go " begging," She will bide hert and accept" engagements with Herr SclioreckV j>roval, for the present, while still pursuing daily practice religiously. " Some day, a chance come for Miss Bourne, and she will sail away to to her store, and " make 'musio " under the blue of Italy or Germany. , If the goda are not so then the talented girl will not lose or "neglect Creeping hours of Time," but work and work, necessary fiindB are treasured up, and then i Europe, to fashion .wings for the flight to ft the realms of music. MR. W. E, Baker haB saved many lives, formed many heroic deeds in the wonderlai drama, and it is possibly owing to his'dosiroto himself " in training" for his stage oaroer tba carries the principle of heroism into overy day He once rescued a roan from drowning, andacoor to another account, routed a burglar by shoutin him. A week or two ago, when crossing a st Baker noticed a cart load of roysterers on thoir from the races. They were singing "Rule Bnta with tho vigour described as "fit to_break necks," but blissfully oblivion3 that their cart w threatened calamity. "H" I , there! shouted hero of the Bland Holt Company, his voice r above their din, "your wheel's coming oil, stopped short in their Britannio eulogiuuMW1 J in unison, " Where P" at.the same timo hanging^ heads over the sound side of tho conveyance, other side, you lunatioB," roaied the ac > startled by his manner, the holiday makers the cart, not a moment too soon, as tho last hob touched the ground when the whool m and made as complete a bit of (sragody fftr0, , life as a dramatist could wish. £-n®b{}0rfi.ii-tor8<l was in a tram-car, when an eldorly l^dy ** SiNan the fiat has gone forth that nat and posies are to be tho rage thih winto room, Ronalds, the "popular ^°J1S.S ln, street, are malcihg some special c'031^ for the hair/''dross-sprays, and charm" " ] ;§§§^fSTi^tions to the conductor. Then Kkiiii'®1 '"L taken the wrontr tr,.m. aud ?B^v"r,'d f ,/ "IT«op .V""r seat," ?«»"*. the ?SS»,*yri"**few ""> n*.lin *L 5 . ?' 1 wan fc co got cub, ; - - Keep ?f.. 5|,0 *lial ,' 1 . ^nducfcor, pitooUaiyf with BBL-*t," ° ' Bub she s;ave no heed. Then Hef""1th0 cp"7n 'to the infinite relief of the tram Mm/folrw . j 'f 0f the other passengers, " Keep Hr^l If to tret out," she said, endeavouring Mv- \ !v"r liahpq. But a lurch, as the: curve Il[r-V i'1 (brother in the actor's vicinity, . He Hr»lin( !? fnllin" and prevented ;any .further W l!0r '!!iincr her arm until the tram stopped. m^r,l the least idea as to the why any ?I6110 nf the incident, and alighted with the Bt8forflr Fn and flutter. << It's tbe , sort that W sull\in?J«rnv " observed the conductor wearild Tpr il;Ur V K^ed after her _____ _ , - ?; H ... Musketeer enters on its fourth week1 to mrk'nrht ffith increasing enthusiasm. The Btl,IV " ;0, the piece, the more completely one re ft V merit It has the double excellence of 1 (.oD ikracfced and well-acted, with just that Bs!,ration of svmmetory, both as a production ?F !'n iierforuitinc'e, that; tool? the public by storm K ?/L of the Cross. Mr. Cecil Ward as D stag s'i Jlias Henrietta Watson as Miladi are so Ht'find v.ith their characters that the-"Princess' ?E. ,,-ir-h cheering every night at the end of the K fourth act. There is now a different . style of ? lin" to the "calls," and an appreciable im BLent When the curtain rises Miss "Watsoa is BLlnne, Mr. Ward accepts the compliment by ap Rincin front of tho curtain at the prompt side, BWirin!,'. A^'ftin, after the death of Miladi. the ?emii? no longer spoilt an at first, because the ?b'iniwu' ilisc,overs the group exactly as it was at ? tlo:u of the scene. Miss Watson follows Mr. custom by coming forward when the Bain "£Tain fallen. Thus the illusion is maln Bed with tolerable clearness and consistency. For Hirturof a century at least critics have fallen ?hmtiicil pooplo tooth and nail for taking "calls," Betting I hut "culls" are a business necessity. No Br thai'^or lived would forego his right, to ae BrMs* stmgo tradition, therefore it/only remains Khe individual so honored to preserve as artistic ftn;o nf what Dickens's immortal manager called K unities" as possible. Miss Emelie Hughes's ?option of the ingenious, but smart-witted Hiiallo is the cleverest bit of work she has done i fc hoi sojourn in this part of the world, and ! Bllarrin Ireland is 'n fine type of stage queen, j ? limy Plimraer, Mr,^rTarfrjii^Iill. Mr, George | letoni, Mr, Arthur Lje'sant-^n^?mr.. Atholwood are i ?owWy associated ip Abe stirring^roma.nce. and ?climax to each act is-admirably managed by all j Kerned. ? -,9'IA ':*? '?"*%. ' i I ' ?HEP.k are so many stara;>at th<5", Bijau^that an s lionce cannot say oil- httncl;;»\vh o m* icf$.jKes best. ? Koziiiii Sisters givo a rerhar.babjy gmpefful gym Bic display, one sister holding rt,wi^fuVvjjir ladders ithor nt the top, leaving her coinpawvons free to lie up and down and.rouud about liko pretty pink lerflios. The supporting Mis3 Keziah nimbly Inds or descends as the mood soizos her, ad lm<> fcho ladders to the tinkling of silver bells. I Wil is a variation of the popular belt triclc, Isistor holding on to a band in the others teeth, |3ho in her turn, sustaining the third, gymnast, lirhole? ioi'iiiing a most elegant manceuvrn; Mr. pol Woodson, the silver streak of perpetual poo, according to the bills, astonishes the lookers fttld oasy way ho gets through his contortion acf. There is no feeling of unpleasant- 1 nesrf about it. Mr. Spry and Miss Austin's clever ad vertisement duet created roars of laughter. The sub dued humour with which they deliver it is extremely I attractive, Tho Englishes, Tom and Lily, are great favourites, running their chief success with the cornet and banjo selections, Mr Harry Shine 1 whose engagement is soon ending, counts his ad mirers by the hundred, and Mr. G Dena's character songs all take. Miss Lottie Moore and Mr Al, Bellman's funny sketch, a Dose of Ms own Medicine, has plenty of dash and spirit to keep people enter tained. The Dandy Fifth in their neat Alpine uniform go through some . clear military groupings under Mr Irvitig Sayles' direct ions. Mr James Bain, Miss Florrie Ranger, Mr. Bob Bell and tho first part, Cuddam Woods furnish the remainder of _ the programme, both the Wednesday matinee, and in the evening. To-morrow (Saturday), Mr Paul Pelham, descriptive vocalist and character ..impersonator is to appear. Straight from the Heart is drawing crowds to the Royal much the same as its predecessors. Every thing that Mr. Bland Holt has touched has turned to gold this season, and at no other period in the history of the theatre has there been such a con tinuous record of success. Straight from the Heart has points to reoommend it. quite apart from spectacular attractions and spirited acting. It has novelty, it carries the spectators off the beaten track, and the development of the plot is of the better class of dramatic contrivance. Mr. Baker's pleasant breezy style tells well as the hero, Dr. Walton, whether that philanthropist is parting with his heritage to help "a fellow-creature, rescuing the stow away from the«burning hold, starving amongst Algerian rocks, or mounting the steps of the guillotine. Mr. Charles Brown, and Mr. Albert Norman, pla.y into each other's hands so well as the pair of contrasted culprits, that they are received with special warmth. Mrs. Bland Holt plays the French girl in a fresh spon taneous fashion much more appetizing than the spubrette of general knowledge, and her scones with the detective (Mr. Bland Holt) occasion much merri ment. It is a curious ccuncidenco as showing how near are the springs of tears and laughter, that; Mr. Bland Holt gets one of the best effects he has ever secured in the prison scene with Mr. Chas. Brown, much the same way as Mr. Brough did in A Village Priest. Mr. Artlnir Styan, Miss Elizabeth Watson, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Oorlesae. ar0 each of the centre of brightly moving groupa, and Miss Fitz rnaurioe Gill has made herself discussed on all side3 as a highly effective exponent of boy-parts. Tho sensation fire scene of the second act is among the wonders of stage realism, and not less interesting is' the glimpse of tropical country on the shores of the Mediterranean. THE many friends of the Titheradge family will be glad to hear that they are having a pleasant experi ence in London, and are comfortably located at Cavendish road, St. John's Wood. They arrived at Plymouth on April 15, and continued their journey by rail to Paddingtofc, where Mr. Titheradge met -tliem. the joy of the reunion being enhanced by the presence of Mrs. Titheradge's two sisters. The party had the further delight of going straight " home" at once, for Mr. Titheradge had already a prepared a charming nest for his family. In the course of a highly .interesting letter, Mrs. Titheradge says : " London is altered, I have been thi'ough the -places I knew as a gif'j and tho changes bewilder me. Everywhere, broad new thoroughfares are belncr luadG, connooiiinsf tihB main ivrtiGriQs o£ tho ^ and sweeping-shovelling away-whole colonies of people, a question of the survival of the fittest. X am getting somewhat used to it now, but at first, though born a Londoner, the place frightened me. Every man's foot seems on the neck of his fellow, the struggle for existence is cruel and5? incessant. The great roar of other' days is hushed 5 wooden pavements, and tyred wheels, have achieved that, you only hear a pleasant jingling of bells, and the traffic is wonderfully regulated, and most interesting to watch. Every were you. see huge hotels, flats and mansions. If it were not that I should be sorry to leave my sisters, I should like' to beback in dear old Australia again, which I' really , think of as home. Servants are the greatest difficulty, in domestic life here, but I have secured two nice girlp. The price of everything is tremendously high, not only meat, but vegetables, fruit, butter, etc. Mr Titheradge is still playing in For Love of Prim, and the Abbe-in A Court Scandal, since Mr JBeveridge left to join Mr Beerbohm Tree. Though following, an established part, he has won golden opinions. The piece was transferred from the Court (which was out of the way) to the Garrick. Everyone tells trie I missed a great deal in not seeing Mr Titheradge in Gricvson's Way. He made a great impression, and received much kudos from his own profession, but unfortunately it was not a popular play. I have been to a music hall for the first time, the entertainment was very bright and rapid, no pauses. Dan Leno was the jreat star,-I was delighted with him; a born comedian, effortless, quiet, genial, inr offensive and artistic. He makes ..£150 a week ! Lily has been to several theatres with Mrs. and Miss Cartwright, our next door neighbours, and has been out a great deal presenting her letters of introduction and receiving much- kind hospitality. Professionally she has not yet seen anyone, but some appointments have been arranged, and next week she is to become a member of the Actors Association. Her singing . voice is very good just now, and I have some hope 'that it may prove useful to her,. Dolly is quite grown up, and has already secured a position as typist at Barnett's (Falk), and is giving every satisfaction. The latest fashion in London is chiffon for hats, blue for choice of colour. The coat and skirt is as universal as ever, but the coat must be scolloped at the back, and hardly below the waist line. Flounces are "out/'but skirts are very tight' round the hips and no pockets anywhere, this. is. most important. If you are of the creme de la crame your dress must be an inch and a half too long in front. The cricket campaign will be close to us next month at Lord's, and we hope to see something of our Australian boys, of whom we are very proud. . I saw the Queen the other day, and was much im pressed with the Duke of York's appearance. . . .The Spong's have spent an evening with us. They are expecting Hilda home for a throe weeks' holiday in June, after which sho returns to America. ... I had a delightful day on Sunday at Kenton Court, the lovely home of Mr. and Mrs. Gtiy Boothby. -After lunch we went in the steam launch up .the Thames, through Mousley Lock, pastever so many interesting1 places, to Tathem's Island. On our return we paid a visit of inspection all round Kenton Court, saw the dogs, including some valuable bulldogs and grey hounds, the grounds, hothouses, and a lively old English walled-in garden, Booth by keeps 27 ser vants. It is a magnificent house, beautifully fur-s nished, and Mrs. Boothbyis one of the sweetest and^ most unaffected of women. They have two dear little girls. Phyllis calls Mr, Titheradge "Uncle Ticklewitch." Guy Boothby is getting restless, wants to buy a yacht, and cruise Australia. He has six books on the stocks at once. His plan is to spealc into the phonograph, ' The cylinders go to his secre taries, who put them then into another phonograph and typewriter. He is anxious to write . a play for Titheradge, 