Political. [BY THE LOBBYIST.] Parliament meets on July 18tfa. Hon. E. Webb, M.L.O., died at Parke on Saturday. In Rylstone electorate the vote on th Bill was 797 for, 511 against. B. R. Wise : " What is majority rul when compared with your bread am butter?" The Riverina vote itself carried th< Federal Bill. The majority aeoured fortbi bill was nearly 25,000. At Wiseman's Ferry Norton secured 86 Wheeler 19, Black 8, and at St. Alban Norton 57, and Wheeler 82. Harry Smith, caretaker at the Wanta badgery woolshed, out his throat on Tues day because the Secret Gonferenoe Bil passed. Mr. Pilcher, interviewed as to the resul of the Federal referendum, remarked : "May the Lord have mercy on theil souls." £VThe border constituencies " plumped' for the Secret Conference Bill. The Hume and Albury together gave it over 200C majority. The Melbourne «Age" refers to "thc cool assumption that Sydney possesses the ghost of a preferential right to the Federal Parliament." Northumberland returned the largest majority scored in N.S.W. against the bill, about 900, and the Hawkesbury came next, defeating it by two to one. flgHarry Wheeler was beaten for North umberland by John Norton, by 208 votes. G. Black secured ll, Duffy 88, Snape 56, and the informels numbered 20. John Norton, when thanking the electors of Northumberland for his return, said that federation and the shortest and darkest day of the year have all very appropriately come together. Mr. T. Rose, M.P., failed to secure a vote in favour of the Bill in his own electorate, it being defeated by 811. Goulburn re corded a majority of 186 against the measure. The Hawkesbury was just as emphatic against the Bill as Bathurst was in favour . of it. Bathurst polled 3148 for and 518 against, and the Hawkestfiry recorded 587 for and 1118 against.--' Bathurst Sentinel.' Barton: "I have expended both my energies and fortune in your cause, but I will say this, though the sacrifice has been great, both of energy and fortune, I reap my reward now in this glorious viotory." He admits that the reward is now within reach, eh ? Wise on Referendum night : " They had much to forgive, and they would in the moment of viotory forgive those who in their ignorance voted against Australia, beoause in this hour of union all Austra lians were one." What a bombastic, self satisfied humbug thiB political harlequin is, to be sure. Cable : " The result of the voting in N.S.W. was .received with cheers in the House of Commons." Cheers are cheap. Everybody's cheering, but N.S.W. Even Victoria bas grown hysterical. But N.S.W. has more serious business on hand. She has to sit down and thing hard hew she is going to foot the Bill. At Wellington an interjection that they would make a protectionist of him in time, drew from Mr. Reid the admission that he had grown out of having only one idea. Seven years ago he thought of nothing but freetrade, but he had become broader in his opinions, and had grown out of that. He's broader in many other respects. Mr. Higgins, M.P. : " Under the bill, if all the people in the three populous colonies and half the electors of the other three colonies were to vote for an amendment of the Constitution, that amendment could not be carried. That was the trouble; the Con stitution was too stift where it ought to be flexible, and too flexible where it ought to be stiff." The " Age" on Reid: " We do not dis guise the fact that political honesty in the mother colony has been subjected by Premier Reid to an ordeal, which must have left degradation and demoralization behind. He has made a great national question the sport of his personal ambition to an extent never witnessed before in Aus tralia." Some Bill advocates fared badly in their own electorates. Mr. Wise went down at Ashfield by 16 votes, Mr. Carruthers at St. George by 192, Mr. Ashton at Goulburn by 188, Mr. D. Thomson at Waringah by 69, Mr. B. B. O'Conor at Sherbrooke by 217, Mr. Ferris at Parramatta by 207, Mr. M'Lean at Marrickville by 214, Mr. Terry at Rjde by 202, Mr. Garland at Woollahra bj it*, Mrtfrwttorat i*LiHblu^ te 4& 