THE SiLVER LINING. Of course, when father (lied. Elaine fand I (had to leave the house, and that was one of the bitterest troubles in our lives. '-e did so love the dear old place. ,'But it had to I.', for Poor p:p1:i's succes Isor was already aoIlloiltedu. It's : trutlh that trouble.s nlever cone fingly. IH1 we e w 1(d1 just lost the dear est of ar'ents. we ? :laido io l.v':0 oer lhonme. "lind we knew Inot what to do, or .w.here to go. lOne thillg. or 'ralther two. ialone were certaini, that We (llust go. a11n, ;i work for our own liviing, for whenlii all the lit tie outstandinill (h'l1ts wer'e p:ll,rIte doc tor for 111p; ad1.: 1 tile l;s sad cCre'i o bles. we hadfll but Ivtw tv pounds in all the worlld. People will knoew orthilig about it said it was a sliuitl of pa11:1: by which they iallIt-for hi' was the most gener ous of inell-tr:at cliarity should beginm lit Iomne; but p:apa never ,.,uh1l under stand. "Sutliceijnt for the day( is the evil thereof," was his lmOtto. all !i, ".ever could keel) his hllanld u(t of his pocket on learing of a case of real listress. Thus. for the living was bat a small one, nothinig was ever saved out of his inc.olne. If anyone blanmed lilln. w,. tits dauch ters, did not. Hleavvtn bless 'him: bug 1one did blulile hill cruelly. ite( onlt re lation we l1+:d in (lie Wvorld. lias half blrothlier. .lnilbrolIse V'1are. a retired mler chant. and wealthy, but mliserl'. t--ll bed of disposition. Ile qua:rrelled with papa for his "ext:rav:lagalnt benevolence," antud w\'Jeln, dllring dear nl;llnnln's t:ast ill 1oss. li1((. lving in great straits, ap pllied tIo hini for help. he refused down Tight. tlrowing. as the saying is, his •"foolisl clharity" in his teeth. Whllen pa died, of coutrse wee told Tncle A.lllmbrose, who, ill a brief, busi -ness-like letter. offerell us assista nce. as, of cours'.e, using his own' words, "our lather's charity oand benevolence had left his children beggars." Elaing' and I at once decidled we would accept nothing froll illl, andI, in :1 short. coldly civil reply. told hin so. say ing plllinly we could not be beholden to one who had refused our d(t-ar father help in his greatest need. W1e lquite approved of all papa had tdone. and were ready and willing to work for our living as he did. T''here was our trouble---the trouble of thousands at the present day. We were readly and willing: but where should we find the work?' Like these thousanuds, we decided that our best chance was in London: so one clay. after visiting every ct'orner of the manse, and of the dear old garden, sn:l dowed by the elms w\\\here the rooks built, and going through rhe the trial of par. ing' with llpa's poor parishioners 'Elaine and I. with very red eyes behind our crape veils, started for London. where we had arranged to take lodg ings with an oild servant whio had mar .ied 'well. gone to the metropolis. and in her widowhood increased a small an nuity by letting lodgings. 'l'he good old soul. who never forgot ,e -were the vicar's daughters, had the varnmest welcome ready for us. there fore we did not find our new life so tu: comfortable -as we imagined we should at first. There was a bright fire to cheer us. and a high tea. with some delicious cakes. just as Susan. or M3rs Biggins now. recollected we used to have at the manse. " :lave you any other lodgers. Mrs Blggins?" asked Elaine, as we took tea. "\Well. miss. I won't deceive you. I have." said our landl:dy. "I didn't mention It. because really he is that quiet and keeps to himself, that I fan clod he didn't much count. I hone you #d1on't object':" "Object"' I sniled. "llhat right shlloultl we have to do that. Mrs Bigginus Tre begin to know the value of money I assure you. What is the gentleman':" "A'n artist, miss. "Whether much of a One I can't say though SOIme of the (things he does do look sweet. and he's poor enough, I'm sure, to be a genius." "Poor," said my sister, whose sympa ithles I saw at once were aroused. S"Poor, miss. Ivery," proceeded Mrs pBiggins, who had been always given to loquacity, which had made papa remark lie was a brave man who married her. a'HIe's a nice looking young fellow, and. though his clothes is a bit worn, always looks the gentleman; but I suspect that good dipners are a rarity,hI .do-some times dinners at all." ;'Onu"' cried Elaine, "that's dreadful.' "It is. miss. But he. is, .or tries to Yook sochieerful, and laughs at his .poverty, and says that when his .pl 'tures sell. as they will one tday --that's wh-t.lle declahres---he'll pay back all- my kind1iess. He is a nulce young man, that ,le is." "Wlhat is his namne?" askedElaine, in terestede. "G(erald Warne." "Warne!, wlhy. that's our name." S"'eY?, miss. it's funny, isn't it"' " l'There is one comfort he is no rela t-ion., s~id I. "for we are- in the happy state or htvLing none.. Have you told hIm about us" B: 'Well, no, miss; only so far that I had itwo young hidles. gentlefolks, coming. for you see I wasn't aware just what youn woul care for me to say." "We are very much obliged to you. If -?ou please we should like you to say nothing of our past, or who we are. Mrs iRggins, for Elaine and I have deter .ained to forget all about our once hav Ing been gentlefolks. If we are so. peo ple will discover it without our telling them: : aul, knowing how difficult it is to get work. we have :adopted for oar 'motto, 'No honest employment is dero gatory.' So we are simply two youna .women who have to make our own liv "ing." I need scarcely say that Mrs BPiggins' -3?count of Gerald W'arne laid aroused our interest, especially Elaine's. Slhe uwas just nineteen, slight, graceful or ligure, a blonde with pretty delicate features. a wild-rose complexion, andi sunny hair that curled naturially over .er head. I was four years lher st'1i, . italler .nd darker: some called me. for my style, handsonler. but that I don't beelie e, at least Elaine's was the most ta.?liteiifce. ,'T-'e talked a groeat (deal llolt our0 fn ture plans that evening, and a great deal too albout our fellow lodger. Elaine was always conming back to 'th.-unbject, "hihu." She wondereil .whalt lIis pictures were like: whethelr iah really was a genius. Then s iloin gined. his bravely working on them when he Ihad not sutlitienlt 0o e:r. I:n fact. she speedily anlde Ger:lhd WV'arta .ut to be an artistic Chatteron. -"If we get on, Lil," she exclaimcd, -we lunst ask hill to ltol. WIre cn'lIl.; .well send hiim ul :1 dish: of oysters." : "No. indeedi at tlheir prieent price.'" i replied, "lnbut you see. Elly. we hi:a. trst to get on. ' Ils se maIl:ly soon be -our case, aln in one thiiln e :lreful; thowing what pity is aki.n to. don't fall in love with hinl." '"I!" cried Elaine. disdainfully. "Lo nie retIrnl the w'lrlilt'ng. I:1ar1!" a.s a iatchkey turned in the lock. "there he Someone entered :1nd went upsta:irs. '-?Lil, lie might lmoit-st le a ghost. fo: -the sound hllle Int:: ls, it does ilot spoa i Well for the soles of his boots," remiarlk ed Elaine. The next i:iy we lhad too nlucll of our -bwn aff.'lir:s to occulpy IIs tol think of Geral Wa'itone. There were neaencies ito visit. :llld :idvertiseillelts to peruse. a week of whlich lihartlreaking work passed frutltlssly. IDuring tils we llhad seell Ger:lhl W'a:r'ne (11,lce 1(s hel p5assed ,ur winidow. As to beinc a gentlemn there was as litth dolt ;as rhatr hie was handsone nlilld intellectuial- lookinr. also that his clotrhes were shabby at the .seamsn: nnfortunaltoly, there was no doubt about tlre latter. nor that his face .was hl?ngart. unlaking appear large and more brilliant a pair of dark. handsome \- eyes. Before the next week was over Elaine andr I had both been successful. She had obtained an engagement in an art dealer's, and I found some pupils for Geruo,-n, French, music, and drawing. Our spirits were wonderfully elated at having occupation. Indeed, we had been very fortunate, and felt gratefully happy. As to Elaine, she speedily, I found. began to revert to Gerald W'arne.[ "We certainly." she said, "must begin to think of those teas." I own I commenced to feel nervous about her. She was always getting in formnation respecting him from the laid Iady, and it was never cheering informa tion. Once AMrs Biggins told, with tears in her eyes, of a great disappointment he had had in selling a picture. "For the first time he looked quite broke." she sa:id. "and owned lie want ed the money badly. "Why doesn't lie teach. or draw. or paint sketches that may sell?" said I. "He tries, miss. lots of times. He'd do anything, as 'pot-boilers." I think lie calls it: but luc'k's against hitm." I noticed Elaine very thoughtful after that. and depressed. "I fancy we had best move from here." I thought. lBut. two evenings later, Elaine came in radiant. The cold. frosty air, or her joy. had otade her ('olor dazzling. "I've got some work for Gerald Warne to do." she exclaimed,. "Some thing that. at least, will provide him with dinners." It apptear-ed that the art-dealer re quired an artist to undertake some art work which needed both skill and taste. "I spoke of Mr VWarne." exclaimed Elaine: "anti Mr 3Morrison says he may call." So a little note was sent up. carefully worded, that it should offend no Chat tertonian (false) pride. to Gerald W arne's studio the following- morn ing. The same evening our fellow - lodger stood for the first timle in our parlor-stood. those wonderfully brilliant eyes brighter with emnotion, his tigure all of a tremble, his tones unsteady. as he said: "I have comle to thank you: to say how gratefnl I amnl; yet can find no words aippropriate to express how deeply I feel your kindness." Then. to lmy surprise. Elaine. quite sagely. as if years his senior., stepped forward. and taking his hand. replied: "Then please do not try. We quite un lderstand. Are we not fellow-toilers ' If in that case we cannot help one an othler. who will help us?" "Mir Morrison told me lie had engaged you. that Ile thought you very clever. anrd hoped hli work would lead to better things. I was so pleased!" She looked as pretty as she spoke. I shall never forget the expression inll (er ald Warne's face as lihe gazed at her. I have heard of a person's "soul going out" to another. Then I saw it. He bent down. and pressed her hand to his lips. "Ileaven bless your." he said earnestly, with a sob in his voice. I knew form that moment that it was a case between them. which nothing in this world could alter. After this Gerald Warne was very often in our parlor indeed: not only that, but sometim. es lis leaving the art deal ter's. by a strange coincidence. would be at the same hour as Elaine's. and they would walk honie together. I was troubled- at first: but the more I saw- of Gerald Warne the more I recog nised he was a gentleman by birth and nature. Pesides, what right had I to endeavor to che.k tilhe love growing so evidently stronger Ihetw-een tlie'u: Might it not prove a gool thing for Elaine': Had she not seemied. indeed. as lie said. to have brought hliii that aid which was to lead tor fortune'? Mir Morrison had been more than satis tied with his work, and already had in rrodutced hillm to one or two who had pur chased his pietures. it was while our acquiaintanceship wa~ very young that. as we three sat talking togethier, Gerald WVarne said: "W 'hat a strange place is this worll. of whiich people thiuk so little: Things occur in it tlhart nake one lean towards fatalism. Take. for iunstance. both our lives. HFow I was striving. alinost de spairing here. while all the time fate was bringing towards ime one wlho was to banish despair for ever before hope." "It is very strange. consideringt that your name was WVarne." laughed Elaine. "A reason that. had you been related to a certain Anlbrose W'arne. would have made us rather your enemies than friends." W'Vhy?" He smiled. i;"Because he is our uncle, and a cruel, selfish miser." "Indeed!" Thinking. as matters Stood, he mniglht know our history. I told hinl. When I ended, Gerald said. laughing S."I look like the relation or friend of a wealthy man. do I not':" and he glanced at his shabby attire. So the days went by-happy days too. Winter came. by which tiule Gerald and Elaine were engageld. It was one evening after tils that I sat waiting for her return. The tea was ready, lint I never began until shel canie. The weather had set in with exceeding severity. There had been a heavy snow fal.l a plartial thaw. then frost, rendering the streets like glass. That t.ade tilue nervous when Elaine's usuali hour passed. andu she dil not ap pear. A dozen times in tt'enty ntinutes I lookedl at the clock, andt walked from tile table to, the window. The darkness was coming on rapidly. Few peolile pa:ssed: those w-ih didi walk ctd wearily. One ori two fell. but there was no sign of Elaine. Half an hour latte: This lhad never occurred before. The state of tilhe weather madle me anx ious. At last 1 went up to Gerald's room to tell him. "Your sister not ireturned:" lie ex ct-ainled, springing up. "No: she has never been out so late: and tihe streets are like glass'" I said. "it !lnake-s ae nervous.'" "Do not hle that: I'll soon see!" he re pli'd. "I'll go to Mtr Morrisou's." Already lie had taken his hat; now. as noxious as I. 1le ran downstairs and frol thle house, when I returned to my window to w-atch. Suddenly I cried, st:lrting tto myi feet. and clasping iiy "p. it's true. There has been an iccidentt " \\. ui-gl'han 1had driven up andi stop ped a-t the door. A iomlnlit I had selen Elaine's white fact inside. then an old 'entlenmun got out andt knocked. I flew t i tle door lnld opened it. "I Ol. wha-t has hlappecned?"I cried. "•:'tLr-there"," said thie old gentleman, harsly• "idon't go making a fuss! Your sister didn't. and she ihad more canuse youl're Miss Warne. I suppose? 1 Well. yeulre sister slipped down and sprained inr ankle: there were a lot of roughs :albout. so I just asked lIer nale, whLere she lived, and triught her holne. mNow, i you are tii sensible :a yoiing woman as shin :ppet'rs it le. you'll just come ;land a>s!:-t her into the houlse. I o!llowed him miat once to the liroug l,:n. and togithier we hlelped Elaine. whm, dt-u-lared that it was lotlhintl hut a sl=rliin. ti1to our roon, and Inmadle her lic lii the ucomlu h. Thetin w-' thanked the stranger, who ,had so well pli:.-ed tie ~anuaritmun. ''No tihainks-no lhnuks."'' he inter uiptelt,. "Siii. w'as not quite al stranger to ale. I've seen hier oftenll--wet or. shine g"tting to work. You call it work. eh, or are you too proudl" "Too proud to call things by their right mnai:es!" I smiled. "No iiieed. We are only proud of halving lhonest work to do." "I like that." he said. lookil: into my :face. "If :ill people were of your sort tile world woiuld get on better. I'm sorry I didi't know- you before. I shall know you better' now. I shall call again." IIHe took his ihat. looked around the rooli. and pursed his lips. then said ab ruptly: "I may as well tell you the truth at once. I've beeu watching you. I liked that independeut letter you wrote. I like you-I'm your uncle, Ambrose Warne." "Uncle Ambrose!" we cried; in amaze. "Yes; I'm going to adopt both of you.' curtly. I've a son I've turned out of doors because he is idiot enough to pre fer art to commuerce-starvation to a good joint." At this instant Gerald entered breath lessly. "Miss Warne. I can find no trace of Elaine," he began: then he started back, exclaiming. "Good Heavens! Father!" "Wha t-yo here- you scamnp!" ejacu lated the old Iman. "Oh. sir!" exclaimed Elaine. reaching his hand and clasping it. "is he your son? then if you forgive us you must forgive him." One day. believe me. lw will make us all proud of the name we bear." "Will he!" cried uncle Ambrose. "\\\'len lie does that. I'll forgive hiin." "Then. father." said Gerald. extending his hand. "I ask neither money nor lhlp. Only let it be a friendly truce until that happy time arrives." Uncle Ambrose hesitated, but finally took his son's hand. And what was the result? This: Tile next yeai'all London was speaking of Gerald's picture hung rin one 0 of the Academies. A month later lie wenlt to study at Rome. taking his wife with him.while I was uncle Antlrose's house keelper, until-until-well, someblody else w\'nted me to be his. So. to our dark'eloud you see. uncle Ambrose, after all. was-The Silver Lin ing. 