THE FLEETING HOUR. k hearty reception was accorded the Emperor of Germanv and party on their arrival in England on Monday. New South Walea has already collected £4000 for the assistance of relatives of the local contingent in South Africa. A bitter tribal war bos been raging in'New Guinea, in the oourse of which 11 villages and s mission stalibn were destroyed. A widow named Anna Ferroad, aged 80, was burned to death at Norwood on Saturday evening through falling with a kerosene lamp. The Freach Government are anxiom to guarantee a loan of 10,000,000 francs for the nonslruction of a railway and graving dock' in New Caledonia. ' • While Auetralia spends £12,140,500 « year on ihtoxicants and £3,731,500 on ,tobacbo only .£2,312,700 is expended, on books -and hewspapdrs. ....... " Here is: another reason why-thS' GorCrn ment should be promptly turned out of'oifice —one of their balls has attacked -and- injured: its {kgeper at AmyLoto, . ; v - ' ' Tlie death is announced' of'the. Marchio ness of Salisbury, wife of the Prime Minister' of. England, who succumbed to Sn attack of dropsy,- ■■ ; • 1 • -f ■ The submarine' torpedoboathas caught ou 'with'the United States Naval Board, who have ordered the construction of 50 ofthe Holland type: • • •" '» >"•'*' Owingto the 'great number of-enlriea in thecoropetitive department of the Adelaide Century Exhibition the prire-raODByliav bieeh increased from:£300 to £500. ' Bulletin yarn: —Premier Kingston visited Port Augusta recently; and on 'the Sunday attended the local 'Anglican Church. The' parson's text was, "Behold a greater, even than Solomon is here." Solomon leaiUa'S.A. Oonosition. :: Terms "satisfactory to bothpartie8"-are said to fcavobeenirranged betweeritlie ; Rail trays -Comtnissoiter ' iand ' Mr. Jirilas' Williams, wlio s ued for JElOQOdamagesfor nn accident through an! alleged, defective oar- ' riagedoor. ' ' '■ Replying to a deputation which trailed an liitn oh Mond«y Preraier_ESng«|wiii iifd he regarded with more favor than formerly the ' movement for the adoption of effectiVe voting; : in connection with tVe Federalelectiohai and he 'promised that 'tli'er 0orerhttlent, would carefully consider the "railuf in relatidn' to Mr. Glynn'« motion which waabrlore the House.' ' ' » " r; ' A peculiar fatalityis reported from Bairns- . dale (Vic.). ! On Thuridaj'night'CleorgeA. Uarpenterrowed his'wife andpp'arfy ofladita acrbsS the riverijiia pleasure boat too flower show: - When A Mrs. 'OIJell was getting bat of tlieboatahefeU. iutoThewater;,'and Gar- - ■ penter at onoe plunged into theriveraifter . ■ her.': -Mrs. Carpenter ptepped baekintbth'e boat and. nttiering aTow.cry ofi!arm;;'*ai down. When Mm; O'JDell wat'reioaedahd restored and attention turnedto theboat Mrs. Carpenter wasjonnd tbbedead. •.-..enr-t; - A csBe oE"¥raoiieotomy on" a horse in"'. :peciiUarfTOeflmst»nwsg«*w^fted.V|^r. Pomeroy, of Tataia, was recently - breaking : in a colt for! cavalry. .«rtice,*tend .;tJie horse, during ite attempta to" obtain its* freedom, tightened tUe"ropB itround .its heck and .caused inflammation of the glands.. Mr. T. . : (}.:H.Lbvebandi-ofPort'AdeliitdeV?iwli6)was ■called to- attend: tlie animal,found;itftnTilie last stages.t?f. pxharuation,. its liead'^eing swollen. to .ait ahaornul size. HbtsawithaLt; it.•■was" necessary ;to"pCrfprin tracheotomy- . without delayi but unTortUrtateiy hB ^lad - left the Deceasaty appUance6 ni:diomS.' ';HdPerorr in a eltort epaceifjime he had detaohedilhb ; ; spout from* tespot and utiliiedit as a aub.-; stitute' for the orthodox tube. ^ TWsycmained ■ in plaC6.for twb days.' ;Tlie breatbing of the librae was thas reiie»ed,>*and it is hbw ih i' ststeof <Mn*eleaceocei;'::'*' S""-;'/'i >;i ':;!7-r :'i J ' ; ( Themipo"; working ip a eopper;:mine at '. : Bluynev, in^thevweatern distric^ of.^KeWi South Wales, are much wpmed. Something . is happening'in the'triine'whielT they "cannot understands Some of the"tnen'«tfSpeetglibStsi : When the idea was flret mooted' the more . : soepticalmen. laaglieli.atitheir/righlened mates, bnt the.ocearrenoea .haye>heen*a strange that, the belief hae' spread, --and the ; ■ miners, one and all, ire' how jh a state pf ; utter consternation.' The tneh say thbhliaft is riaited by ghosts.-and: that'while down below .tliey heay atrangepoises,.>ucU i«e !bell ringing, singing,. groaning*. ; And the like. Tliey hare sought for > nbrpiarcxplnnetioh and have discovered hbthing/ 'Wiiehthey ,!■' descend the mine they deelsre their laaipb ara -.. extinguished .hy... their ^idpemalural tisitor. - Soma , of the men also .allege that while at work "a something"dias bribed paatjtiiem, Scaring thewitsoutoftUem.' That the men heiieve in what ihey report-'is; shown hj^tlli fact that six of them liare resigned their work owing .to sheer terror. ,, -jdy _ 