NEWS IN A NUTSHELL. ~-4- Testified in the Court of General Ses sions that an accused person was a "fairly honorable" man. That's like "mode rately moral," remarked Mlr Field Barrett. Mr Best, the Minister of Lands, has prepared a land settlement scheme, which, it is anticipated. will help in the solution of the unemployed problem. The scheme will be made public during the present I month, Allowing 13,000, or thereabouts, for the plural votes on the rolls, probably about 250,000 persons were actually entitled to vote on Thursday last. Of that number, so far as can be gathered up to the pre- - sent, no fewer than 162,500 availed them elves of their privilege, or equal to 65 1 per cent. ] Was it accidental ? After the little scene in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday night between Mr Murray Smith and the Premier. Mr Deakin, when ad dressing the House, referred to Mr Smith as the member for Haw-Haw-Htawthorn. But, after all. Hawthorn is not such a I "haw-haw" place as some people may I think. Mr John Hancock, M.L.A., who has been confined to his bed for the post fort night, is slightly better. Dr M'Carthy, his medical attendant, advises that the member for Footscray is suffering from bronchial pneumonia and other serious complications, and that it is absolutely essential that he should have complete rest for some time to come. Sergeant Rogerson, of Armadale, was presented by the Chief Commissioner of i Police, the Inspecting Superintendent, and officers of the MIelbourne police district. with a gold medal, in appreciation of his bravery while arresting two men atArma dale on 23rd June last. Mr Chomley and Mr O'Callaghan oulogised the sergeant's conduct, which Mr O'Callaghan charac tarised as a splendid object lesson to the police force. "You must not," said Judge familton f to a barrister, "ask a question, and then I abuse the witness for not answering it t when you don't give him a chance." The f barrister offered an explanation, but his t Honor rejoined, " It is grossly unfair to ask n:question, and then stop the witness from giving his full answer. If you con tinue to do so I will stop the examina tion." Even a witness has rights-if the judge happens to remember them. At a deputatation to the acting Mini ster of Publio Works, regarding the Goul burn levee, the Engineer of Reclamation Works confirmed the statement to get 30 suitable of the Melbourne registered un employed to go on a country work one hundred at least of those on the register had to be written to. The reason was explained by Mr Kernot before the Board on Unemployment a few weeks ago. A matter not generally known is the I sum paid per trip by the large steamships I of the P. and 0. and other companies for traversing the Suez Canal. For example, the R.M.S. Omrah, paid in a!! L2000 to come through this trip, so that her voyage here and home will cost L4000 in this outlay alone or at the rate of T12,000 per annum. Passengers are charged for at ten francs per bead. The Omrah's Canal' tonnage is little over 5000. ` The Metropolitan Licensing Courtiare not disposed to grant licenses to book makers. Judge Molesworth said, when I dealing with an application for the trans fer ofa colonial wine license, that it was very undesirable to have a professional gambler as the licensee of a wine shop. The only objection to the applicant was on account of his being a bookmaker, and Mr Daly, who appeared for the.applicant, after hearing his Eonor's remarks, with drew the application. A grant of LS500 to enable suitable pre parations to be made for the Grand National Show to be held there, was appplied for by the Maryborough Agri cultural Society. It was cnstomary, so it was explained, a few years back to make I such a grant, but the subsidy had been I discontinued. Now that the good times were returning, the application was'con sidered reasonable. Mr M'Culloch would - only promise to give a few gold medals for prizes instead of silver medals pre viously intended. Sir Thomas Lipton's L100,000 cutter Shamrock, this year's challenger for the American Cup, has sailed.for New York. The assassination of President Hereaux has been followed by much unrest in un- t happy San Domingo. Serious disturbances are being fomented, and commerce is paralysed. Hales, an English cyclist, is the ldtest wheelman to attempt the still unaccom plished feat of riding 100 miles a day for a year. Hales, however, bars the Sun days. Six days will he cycle, but on the seventh rest. Yes, 152,574; No, 9S20. Majority for the bill, 142,749.-Latest official returns I of last Thursday's Federal referendum. c Five small returns from East Gippsland, and one small return from Benatmbra are to come, " Why didn't you malte the explanation to the constable ?" asked Mr H. Edwards. J.P., Chairman of the Carlton Bench. to a youthful defendant. " I didn't think of it, sir," he replied, "and, besides, if you say anything to a policeman, he thinks it cheek." The " Times" considers the release of Colonel du PIaty do Clam as an acceptance by the French Government of his ex planation that hIis dirty work in the Dreyfus affair was done under direct ordersfrom Generals Gonse and Boisdeffre, thle chiefs of the staff. A Blue Book, just issued, describes thel progress of Crete during the brief period of BritiEls administration. The revenue had increased fourfold, and for the first time exceeded the expenditure; the gaols were empty, and a spirited policy ofpublic works had been commenced. " Many years ago he lost a considerable sum through the victory of a favourite in a big race. Since then, however, he had paid up all his lossese." Tios was pro claimed in tihe Licensing Court the twenty shillings in the pound morality of a bookmaker, There are many more pretentious and godly people to whom we might say, "Go thou, and do like wise." The Mayor of Melbourne is not so keen on general amalgamation of the munici pahties within Greater Melbourne as he was ; he has ascertained that the majority of his council are against it, and he con cludes, from the action of the South Mel bourne Council, in regard to the piece of land south of Prince's Bridge, that that body is also unfavorable. The prospects of general amalgamation do not appear to be very bright. Judging by the way in whichli folks are crowding into the shows of spring drapery this community includes a very large proportion of prosperous people, A question of interpretation. " Upon what meat does this our Coesar feed that he hath growsn so great ?" quoted Mr Murray Smith, interrogatively, in the Assembly on Friday night, in relation to Sir George Turner. The query was dis cussed by two young electors coming in from East Richmond the other morning. "That's what I calls a roundabout 'igh faultin' way of puttmng it," observed one of the speakers. " Cosar's ghost I1 why didn't'e ask thle Primyeer straight out Swho's yer butcher,' just as you or me 'td ask a bloke ' who's yer 'atter?" " But it wouldn't 'ave been so perlite," remarked the second passenger, and then the train pulled up at Prince's Bridge station. Dr Quick, Federal leader, esked by the public of Bendigo and district to become a candidate for the Federal Parliament. The Senate seggested, but Dr. Qmick, bwhen intimating his in tention of standing at the proper time, said that he had absolutely decided to nominate for the House of Representa tives, 