AN EXECUTIONERS MISERABLE j UFE Down in the little wine-shop near La j Hoquette, I met Deibler, 'Francois,' ' MouBieur de Paris '—take any name you ? like, but always ' FrancoiB ' in private life. I A chance meeting with one of the police agents had led to the oertainty of seeing the J famous executioner, and the possibility of j having an inter riew. The latter hope failed J at the very onset. He came quietly into the b&itvpSklng; sad and wearied.,, out, for, six j hours before, he had cut off the head of some po£r devil down in the provinces- ' H« shook I hiBjds cordially with my acquaintance, and, j on his introduction, treated me with just as friendly a grip.' I saluted him as Monsieur j Francois, for to mention the name of Deibler I would be to reveal hie identity in a quarter of ' Paris where the inhabitants #ould maul him j in the twinkling of an eye. As I . said, the j interview failed. Deibler saw that I was an Englishman, and in' spite of the menda cious assurances of my companion that I had nothing to do with journalism, he drank up his glass of light wine, and excused him self on the ground of an appointment. My companion continued: ' Ton hire only failed wher««verypne else has failed. You could not get an interview with that man. In his heart he loathes his oooapatioo, but it would be impossible for him to change it. Although he has done nothing but cany out the orders of judge and jury, hViis exe crated as though he bore the whole refsponsi bility of the death.' Hen I interrupted him. for the face of Monsieur de PariB fascinated me. Without the slightest indication of any force of character.and with eyes that seemed full of kindness, it had struck me ai~ being extraordinary that the neatly-dressed man, with a frock-coat buttoned up to the chin, and the carefully brushed whiskers, could without a sbirer see that awful fountain ot blood that follows the fall ef the knife. I put this to my companion. ' Yob are wrong, and yet right, 'he said. ' Deibler suffers terribly when he enters the prison in the morning, and I have been present at one of these scenes. The Governor reads over to him the particulars ef the crime which the condemned man ib called upon to expiate. Deibler is as white as ? ghost, and every muscle in'his face is twitch ing ! Then a remarkable change comes over the man. He becomes furiously red, and you might imagine that he was anxious and even glad to play his part in avenging. the crime. He himself takes no -part in the strapping up of the condemned man, and leaves that to his sonB. He only looks on. When the criminal is tilted np he simply regards the knife, and the instant that it is falling he turns away, and disappears mysteriously. The execution always takes place at the first approach of dawn, and he is far away long before the sun in up. There arn not a score even in the quarter of La Roquette who know him. 1 asked, says the same writer in ' To day ' what was Deibler's life in Paris, and I was assured that it was a simple hell. He recently took a villa in one of the suburbs under an assumed name, but- his identity leaked out. The whole of the inhabitants in the street threatened to leave unless he changed his address. He subsequently found a home for himself ina quiet hotel, but again he was identified, and his belongings were put down in the hall by the proprietor. To appear in the St. Antoine quarter in Paris would be simply to play for death, and the quiet, kindly-looking man, whose only idea is to kill without any hitch, 18 little more than an Ishmael. He drinks only the lightest wines, smokes only the mildest tobacco, and, in the company of his friends, becomes the brightest of conversationalists. ' When I marry,' said a budding school girl, ' 111 marry a tall, fine looking man.' ' There's where you're wrong, sis,' said her more practical sister. 'You'll nave less trouble watching an ugly man, and enjoy more of his company.' 