FATE'S FROLICS. (BY W. E.) (Written.,especially for the \Villiamstown'.. and Footscray" Chroniclea. ) ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ..... .(...( Crapte, XIYV.ContiCnud.) . ., 'And why so, pray ?', ' The society is making a special visit among the poor to-night, to help=them enjoy their Christmas, and 1 have been deputed as one of the visiting..com mittee. I am truly sorry to disappoint you.' 'Surely, Cerise, you do not really intend to refuse me this !' ' I must indeed, Henry, imuch as it pains me to do so!' 'But you must not refuse I .I com-. 'mand you! For nearly twelvetmonths? you have neglected me and your child.' 'Oh nool no! . 'But until to-night I have never demurred.:. Practically it is for a good' cause, I admit, but it decidedly loses some of its virtue' when it prevents .you granting your husband occasional pleasure. .:Cerise, I must insist upon you accompanying me to-night.' ' I cannot, Henry, not: to-night:i I' am; really sorry, but I have promised the society my assistance, and my duty to it and to my God has been very real of late. Had you asked me before 'I could have arranged that I. mighti. accompany you.' 'Very well ! I shalll waive thei qulestion for to-night; and secure ??seats '~? for. Boxing Night.' < ' Neither can I accompany you upon :i that night, Henry.' 'Cerise I' ' Oh! do not speak tomne so, please ! Boxing night is as important a visit ing night as is to-night: . 'Listen, Cerise? I shall, accompany you to your meeting to-night !' :.' That is impossible !' And ihy' impossible, may I ask ' 'Because gentlemen are never ad mitted,;as, we early decided, that the dictates and pleasures of au social life n any way would interfere with our work of charity. So all strangers hoth, ladies and:' gentlemen-are strictly vetoed. Again;, we visit the poor. immediately .after a very short' preliminary. meeting.' ' Cerise, are you treating me fairly ? Nay lass, lift up your face and, look at me-one would think 'you had done some grievous wrong.'. S'Ido not comprehend your'question, Henry. I shall leave the society if you wish, but while 'a riember I must .at. tend the meetings and srounds. Our pledges and promises were not made to one another-but to' God, with the 'Bible at our lips whilst we madethem... When I joined--I thought that you would be so very pleased.' 'I was pleased, Cerise, and am pleased now. I should be decidedly averse to your leaving,; but, Ieo6udd likee littlemore of your'societj~ Is l such a :desire a very unnatuhral on;, dear ?' '"No ! no I Oh Henry !-forgive me I =-1 shall accompany you wherever r you, wish opon' the" night following, Boxing Night; I really cannot before !' ' Very. well;'Cerise, I amt content I I Are you going now ?' I t.'Yes, there is so much to do to night. Bu~t,-Henry-=l' s Well, sweet, whatisii ?i: ? r: '.You-you .will not go to -thie play.. Sto=night?=yourself I- " Ah til Why hot ?' he asked sharply,... all- '.his old, half-defined,, almost ridiculous "sispicions 'retumiring,' why .not, Cerise ?' SOh ido ot ask ime, Henry! But do not go! I felt so foolishly nervous 1 to-night, as though-as though some r terrible thing were, about to happen ! ý I know not-Oh I piomise me that ypu will niot go, Henry I' '" "' - ' There, there, lass ! iYo are unlike t yourself, to-night l-see, you are S positively t?rtembling !aiiid weep , ing- actually. ;weeping ! imy' poor, foolish little wife ! Do not worry your. r poor head I-I shall remain at home to-night-with Ernest.'' . 'Oh, thank you !- thank-you so very r much ;Henry ! I' wvas'?afraid tlat that-!' 'I cannot comprehend you to-night,. s Ceaise, you act' and sipak'so strangely I'l t ' It is nothing, Henry,--nothing II -see, I am smiling again I I am but a poor;little wife at ihyhbest,' am I Tiot ' S,-:'You are an angel, Cerise I' SAnid "then she kissed him lovingly, and walkinig quietly towards the Schild's cot' leaned over the treasure r that her heart loved such as only a Smother's. heart 'San love. And hot, scalding tears fell on the sweet, sleep r ing face, at which he moved in his pure Sunconsciousness, and smiled faintly, as though his as yet unsullied' child-mind Sviewed some bright, celestial joy-' Ssome holy band of guardians a fond SGod appoints to watch over His sleep. Sing innocents. And then she went quietly away and, bidding her husband good night, left the house. Long did the perplexed husband Sstand at the open door, gazing after her yearningly-lovingly-but alas I idoubtingly. 'Just God !' he cried aloud,' can she too'be faithless? No! no!--I 'can Snot believe it ! Sodner would I credit in Sangel's fall from Heaven I And yet. these doubts I-these half-formed 'ise. piciois that I cannot rid myself of ;yet cannot properly define-try s I will ! What secret does the large hand,. bag contain that she carries aRiRay with .her every night that she leaves me? How fiercely she fought me-when that night-I playfully endeavored to I open it! And her face-it frightened me! O Cerise I Oerise !-what is this secret that you are keeping from me? Should uou play false to me, then the whole world, God and .Eteruity, are liediand Truth is a bideous ui cliery'. CHAPTERn XV. Mutterings of the Storm. .. . :: ,? - ? --.....-· Doubt, a blank twilight of the heart, • which mars All sweetest colors in its dimness same; A soul-mist, through whose rifts fanillar.:" stars Beholding, we mianame. A ripple on the inner sea, which shakes Those images that on its breast re posed: - " 7 . .. ; 4 A fold upon a wind-swayed flag, that breaks .The motto It disclosed. Inglelotr, Henry Burbeck, returning to his study, prepared to spend a solitary evening with pipe and book, hoping thus to dispel the doubts that were torturing his mind with their continual evil suggestions, for Doubt is a faith ful servant of Satan, ever whispering into the heart rumours of ill and false. ness.. But his solitude was destined to be br6oen, fob sarce tsnit minutes had elapsed since the depaiture ofhis wifbt, ,when there came a loud ring from the hall-door, and a few minutes after-, wards, the maid Agnes entered' ':his study:'- . 'A gentleman wishes to see you, sir: shall'I admit him ?' .:Did:he give his name Agnes?' 'No sir; he said he was a friend....: 'Please bring him to me and Yes, sir! See, here is a sovereign :t spend among your friends to morro'wv. ?. ,Oh Ithank you so very much sir;. and ahappy Christmas to you !' Leaving the room she presently. ren . turned and ushered, in a pleasant-. faced,?.ve1ll-diessed "young fellow of about four and twenty years of age.: :° i 'Alyivard, by all that's powerful I' cried the doctor, springing to his feet andeclasping the other's hand in a arip of true friendship. 'Sit down--sit down, old fellow, and tell me,' what lucky wind has carried.you ,hither? I thought you h ere in' Sydnie.' Returned by to day' express bag and baggage!' ige 'Lot your. great case over, thlere, old'fellow o : '' "-. .' 'Fact! Opposing counsel floored at every tui ' Welldone !I am glad, I can as sure you!' ' 'Knewyou would be! Egad, Burbeck; you look well;!';=.:: "But what s 9-all.alone ?'-:':." 'Alone in solitary state:' Where's your philosophical scribe I In his study, giving to posterity, undying fame.' ' Ha.! ha ! And your wife-' ' Has gone into the city, to attend a meeting ot her benevolent society.' 'And left you to kick out your heels in single wretchedness. And on, a' Christmas Eve, too ! Come, rouse yourself,- Burbeck, and take a run into thecity with'me and see' Othello.! 'No! no !-iy God,no '. ' : ? Eh.!--what I' 'rErcan t : possibly, ; Aylward_ Awlfully sorry, and thanks all the same, old fellow.' ' But why ?' persisted his companion, who, by the way, was a rising young lawyer, -nd, an', especial favorite with . the; doctor aid his wife, in .:the gods' name, why ?' S'Well, firstly, I promised /the wrife I would remiin at home. ' I Oh, ; say- Burbeclk, this is carrying 1 the stern duties of a matrimonial" ex istence altogether too far. Come, old fellow, and enjoy yourself, as you did I in. the jolly old ,days when, a wife ex acted from you no ]fedo-Persian ex i' really cainot, Aylwardi not to night. .There's another drawback,; and he jerked his thumb in the direction of his sleeping son and' heir. ' :: i Whit,.,the 'kid ?You're a greater fool:even than -I took you to be. The man that-will play nurse to an: infant upon the eve of. Christmas-iwell= ' doesn't deserve one. Come, Burbeck, leave the nipper in'charge of the slavey I and your fossil secretary-they'll make i quite a happy family. Ha, ha!'' 'I am very sorry, Ayl--'. ' See if this will tempt you, or are you too much married to take any interest in such .things? The Desdemona- is most beautiful !-dark and tragic l loveliest: creature you. ever. 'saw I-. sj??rts the most glorious set of pearls--l' I S..What!'. E h !-what's wrong now:: " 'Nothing ! nothing ! What should be wrong?' "'Nothing be hanged ! Ilan, you're as white as a ghost, and all -in a moment !-What's wrong, I .say ?' :.' Nothing !'- answered. the doctoir,' forcing a smile to his white ..lips. ' ome along, Aylward, I'll go with you - ', Good! Shows your sense: ,ILook sliarp and dress, it's growing late, :'nd to-night will see a bumper house'. ' One. minute, until iI give, the "girl some instructions about the boy,- and then I'll'join you.' t hight I What's wrong with the' nan ?-_; He looks as tragic as Othello, himself.-, One -would think his Desdemona had-Here he 'comes ! ' Ready; old fellow -I' ' Thank Heaven I'm blessedly single, if - this -is a sample *of the joys of-- matrimony. .Worryiing one's head" off over 'a youngster: on CiriitmiisEve. By the gods, not for Aylward,' iTlie two frienids left the house,.pro-' 'ceeded by train to the city, and in due time reached the Princess Theatre wher'e two years ago Henry Burbeck had found a love and a wife, and to. night-:camie to find-whether or iot Iago.spake to him aright,--whether :Desdemona was true to her Othello. Christmas Eve at the Princess. We have seen it before. But to- night the crowd is bigger, and noisier, and happier than ever. -It is sweltering hot--real Australian Christmas Sweather, with the glass at a hundred degrees and an occident of fierce fiery -:copper that foretells blisteriing heat :again upon the morrow. The great .slilinig roof -is' thrown far back to. admit as much cool -air as possible: Thlie respectiive officials ruib their hands i·t glee 'and positively beam upon the g:aspmg occupants of pit' andgallery. The insouciant denizens of dress circle and stalls languidly fan their aristoiratic features, and endeavor to ,impress upon their humbler fellows that everything to them is an insuffer able bore, than which deception, little more is required to brand one as of the ton.' The said gasping occupants of lower grade, according to the irre vocable. laws of social jurisdiction, bravely strive to look and feel as happy as the festive occasion demandbs-and decidedly succeed, varying the mono. tony. of gazing into the hot depths beneath by studying the patent' medi cine advertisements upon the mere Stricious curtain, anon diligently sucking oranges, or.decimating the poetic pea .. And then ensiues the inevitable little c??m~idjvith a bottle oflemonade as the' leading character, and father, mother and expectant family as active superniumaries. But you have doubt less, seen. it-how, after no small asidjnt odflaughing and giggling, and -eyeingof their neighbors with looks askance, mother at last essays to push in the stopper; But the stopper poisesses a will of its own, and will not be " pished in," or else mother is too fearfnl of the .inevitable con sequeeces to. equitably try, so she passes it on to papa, who the while has been sitting stolidly gazing at s-othigaJn particular, and endeavor ing, by the most transparent non chalence, to impress upon his neighbors his utter disconnection with'the would. be leinonade drinkers. But there is 'no resistinig mother's mute appeal, so entreating his garrulous family, in a piteous whisper of hoarseness that startles half the house to'" make lest row,' he grasps the bottle, and with a frown qf deadly deadly deterimination presses with his thumb the "darned thing.' Immediately, and -with no prefactory. wvarnings of its mischievous intentions, with a hiss and a gurgle it disappears, and the' liquid contents shoot upwards'like a diminutive geyser and invariably fall on the bald head of the harmless old gentlenlan seated in front, who swerves around in his seat .vith amazing rapidity for one of his advanced years, and betwixt- choking gasps glares- savagely at each of the delinquents in turn, and inquires .in' a tragic falsetto-" what they think they're playing atI" with a few; un printable adjectives interspersed to he-: cord flavour ,to the solicitation.-. And thela4t we see of them is theu discon=, certed sire with an interestingly blank expression upon his face, gazing at-the devastation he has'caused, while mother snatches the bottle from his, hand and rescues b'arely sufficient ifor 'a thirsty sparrow.. But you have -all seen- it, and eijoyed it, -for it not holiday time. ,.our two friends, reposing, in their luxurious chairs in the dress-circle, thoroughly appreciated it, and the doctor, spite ofhis nmental: aberration' wished that his friend Fbiana Chli, had been present to accept the, incident as an admirable.: bisis, for speculative philosophy; when,i the orchestra softly playing an "Ientrance,"' the w-hile vin-: 'dictivye:Fa-te=; awaited. 'triumphl the curtain rose - · - (To be cent issed. ) 