Extracts The late Lord Loighton'a gift of £10,000 to tlio lloyal Acadomy is to bo known as " Tlio Leighton Bequest," and tlio interest dorived from it is to bo devoted to tho decoration and adornmonti of ■ public buildings and places. Everytuino useful or necossary Is cheapest. Walking is tho most whole some exorciso, wator tlio best drink, plain food tho most nourishing and liooltKy diet. Even in knowledge the most uso'ul is tho most easily ac quired. A manager, posing as i\n authority, wont into school one day with tho in tention of putting tho Fifth Standard through thoir pacings in tho geography of Europe. He began " What is the capital of 'olland ?" " Capital H 1" was the crushing rejoinder from tho smart boy of tho class. Warts, excopt on a particular patch of the cheek, are not popular with ladies, so they will be grateful to tho correspondent of the " Pall Mall Gazette" for tho information that " the investing membrane of tho broad bean appears to effect a complote cure of tho warty growth by merely rub bing it on frequently." In tho courso of a case at present boing tried as Elberfold, it was stated that aevoral German doctors make a practice o£ enabling unwilling recruits to evade conscription. They supply a certain kind of pill which, if takon just before the examination by the military doctors, so affects the action of the heart that the man is refused as incom petent. I The other day the police made a raid on a betting club, and after taking the names of the men they found there, told them to appear at the court next morning, which they did. To one of the delinquents tho magistrate said— " What aro you by trade 1" "A lock smith, sir? " Well, what wore you doing when the police made the raid T' " Well, sir, I was just making a bolt for the door." A young lad wrote a letter to the editor of a paper, asking him for an easy berth He replied as follows:— " You cannot be an editor; do not try the law: let alone all ships, shops, and merchandise; abhor politics; don't practiso medicine; be not a farmer or a mechanic; neither be a soldier; nor a sailor. Don't work, don't study, don't think. None of these are easy Oh! son, you have come into a hard world. I know of only one easy place, and that is the grave. A minister was busy erecting a fence round his small garden. He was hammering in the nails, when a boy going to school stopped and watched tho operation. " Well, my little man," said tho minister, noting tho boy's lixed attention—" would you like to be a joiner?" "No," replied the boy. "Then what are you waiting for?" " I was waiting," returned tho urchin, " to hear what a minister says when he bashes his thumb." An eminent Professor, explaining tho slowness with which nervous sen sations travol, says—" Stick a pin in the tail of an elephant and quite a per coptiblo interval occurs before tho noble animal feels tho pain." If this gentleman will try the experiment ho will find that, though there may be a perceptible interval, there won't be quite time enough for him to got out of the way of the most complote and satisfying kick over exhibited in cap tivity. While in America, Mr. W. S. Gil bert was one evening at a fashionablo function given by a lady of tho " new rich " order, who posed as a patron of music, but who had not had the time to educate herself (says M. A. P.). She was foolish onough to attempt to " show off " before tho celebrity. " And what is Bach [ " Batch " she called it ] doing now?" she said ; " is he composing anything 1 " " No madam, "immediately replied Mr. Gil .bert, without the ghost of a smile. " No, madam, Batch is just now de composing ?" Most of us drink our tea too strong. Wo are not satisfied to drink it of a pale straw colour, as we ought, but ;musfc have a dark brown, verging upon black. That is a colour which has its effect sooner or later, upon tho nerves and Higestion. Dr Goodfollow thinks that tea should bo infused four minutes beforo drinking; but Sir Andrew Clark used to declare that a second over three minutes was wrong, And one of the great secrets of enjoying tea and suf fering no harm from it is never to pour "water into the pot aftor it has been standing. Snakes aro fclio professional rat catchers in the Philippines, and every well- regulated household must have their help " Nearly all of the older bungalows in Manila," a correspon dent writes, "possess what are called house-snakes, huge reptiles generally 12 or 11 foot long, and as thick as a fire-engine hose, that permanently re side up in the root and live on rats. These big creatures are harmless, and rarely, if ever leave their abodes. " The natives hawk them about town, the boas curled tip around bamboo poles, to which their heads aro tied. Tiibiie was a certain vulgar, pushing who mado a fortune in South Africa, and who was anxious to got into society despite the fact that society didn't want him. Ho one day arrived at a certain hotel in Monto Carlo, whoro lie discovered that the Duke of St Blank wag also staying. As soon as ho learned of the presenco of this dis tinguished person, ho sought out tho head waiter and gave him a sovereign to keep tho next table to tho Duke's for him. When ho took his seat, ho found himself, instead of being placed noxt to his ducal follow-boardor, seated at tho oxtremo end of tho room. Swallowing his dinner as quickly as tho situation seemed to warrant, he wont to tho head waitor and indignant ly domanded an explanation. The waiter, in apologetic voice, said—" I am vory sorry, sir, but really tho fault was not initio. His Graco gavo mo a couplo of sovereigns to put you as far away from him as possible." A " Daii.y Mail " correspondent writes form British Columbia that in a recent issue of a newspaper, pub lished in Diiwson City, Klondike, it is stated that August Trulsun, a Swcdo, while digg'ng on his claim near Dom inion Creek, recontly discovered tho body of a mammoth 10ft below tho surfaco. Tho account says tho monster had evidently boon buried by a glacial slido, for tho body was in a porfcct state o£ preservation It is roughly es timated to weigh bulwoon 25 and 30 tons, mid its length 41 ft '6in: Tho flesh cut from tho carcase tasted sweot, but oommencod to decay rapidly aftor a fow hours' oxposuro. Tho right tusk was brokon, but tho loft wan perfect, and measured 14ft. 3in. in length and 18in in circumference. Tho body of tho mammoth was covored with greyisli black woolly hair, about ISin. Jong. Tho hind-quarters weighed 8,6421b. Tho neck was short, tho limbs long and stout, and the feot short and broad, with five toes on each. The other day a Chicago lady went to lior lawyer, nnd asked oxcitcdly whothor ho had filed licr application for a divorce which sho had instituted against her husband. " I am working on tho papers now," heroplicd. "Thank heaven ; thon I am not too late," sho exclaimed " destroy all the papers and evidence at once." The lawyer was beginning to congratulate her on her reconciliation to her husband, but sho cut him short by excluiming, " Recon ciled! no; he was run over by a freight train this morning, and I want you to commence a suit at once against thct company for damages. Wtlfc-r Beaant' writes as followa In. the " Quhbii" regarding Kipling's new poem;—The linos will awaken thai great, people to undertake the taBk for which tluiy ha»e been prepared by lOCi years of seclusion and uninterrupted prosperity. Th.'-y will -inspire new tiinugh'a and new aim". We rioed all to be reminded from time lb time'tha'j there ,it» ^ something better thad 'mitrriul wiu'th 'fot- a nation. The war has reminded the 'Americans of this better thing—a war undertaken in the name nf liberiy and justice. I belieivi. that tlit'so lines will bo received in the spirit in which thoy ore wiitteo, and thai ibis thrive happy, writor will| be found to have iffected by this one slngl.i short pogiu Buch a change in the mind of a whole people as would havctiken perhaps a century of thfij si iwer teaching by pulpit and by press. This it. ia which makes the poet the| only King of tnt-n. A slightly intoxicated Irishman' fell asleep in a harbor's shop in New York while awaiting his turn. Tho' barber's pet monkey escaped from his^ cage and began lathering his fuce vigorously. When tho Irishman woke up and saw what was happening he1 exclaimed—" Thot's all right, me boy. You can put the lathor on, but your father's got to shavo mo." Another time tho same Hibernian, who had a face that resembled a two-year-old. potato, was waiting his turn. Most: of tho customers had shaving cups, and one by one they were taken down as ' Next" stepped into tho cliair. When the IrishmaH finally took his seat a1 new barber asked—" Have you got a mug ?" '• Havo Oi got a mug!" yelled he. " Look at me." ! A curious document has just been' laid before iho Paris Munioipal Ooun-. eil. It consists of a list of the objeats1 found to be missing on tho morrow of the ball given recently at the Hotel de Ville by the councilors to their electors and friends. Some 4000 guests were invited, and between them they made off with 9ix dozen silver spoons G86 miscellaneous articles, from plates to mustard pots, from flower-' vas=a to napkins, removed from the' buffet. Not tt few of the dancers, too,: took ibeir champagne away by the bottle in preference to consuming it on' the spot. O.herwiae the results are; considered satisfactory, " the loaseg1 being less this year than on previous occasions." Careful estimates of the force of a' oyoloria and the energy required to keep a full-fledged hurrioaue in active operation, reveal the presence of a 1 power that makes tbe mightieBt efforts of man appear as nothing io comparison. A force fully equal to 473,000,000 hor?e power was estimated as devel oped in a West Indian cyclone. This is about 15 times the power that iB1 oreafcable by all means within the! range of man's capabilities during the same time. Were steam, water; wind mills and the strength of all men and1 all animals combined, they could not at all approach the tremendous forcn ex erted by this terrible storm. . A good deal of interest has been aroused by tho news ihat. Earl Beaucbamp, a young man barely twenty-eight years of age, is to be Governor of New Siuth Wales (says T. P. " in MAP.) In porson, Lord Beauoharop is sparely built and elegant of figure. He looks exceeding ly d-'licntp, and tho Lygons are a delicate family. There is tradition— almost amounting to a superstition, in fact—lo 'lie effect that no eldest son of an oldest son can ever succeed to (he family honours. Tbe late Bar! wu a second son. Wlio her or not tho ill omened record is now to be broken is a1 quts o jbuti1 may be mentioned that the present Earl (who is unmarried) is1 inclined to be superstitious, and puts' down ibis '* fomily curse " to the faot that some of its endowments are " spoils of the Ohurch. " Arciiduke Heinrioh of Austria do siring to mirry Lcopoline Ilofaian against the will of the Emperor, hit. upon ike expedient of arranging for the"pa>8ive aosintanoe "of a priest, who dared not celebrat'i a marriage under pain of the Emperor's anger. This marriage is reported as one of the most, peculiar ceremor>i"B ever wit nessed. Ths Arohduke gave a banquet to which he invited the priest.. . A£ or the Boup had hern served he rose in his place, on which the (jurats expected a toast. But the Archduke, pointing to MisB Hofmann, pronounced slowly and solemnly the words " MoBt reverend this is my wife. " Miss Hofmann im-' mediately afterward, toro in liorturn and said, "This is roy hvnband " Ao cordina to the theory of passive as nitanoe" in Germany and Austria, thcBe words, spoken before a priest ren dered the inarrittRe of the pair valid and sicramentally aoncluded The Emperor was said to ho extremoly as tonished at the proceeding, but could do nothing. " Ousper School Icr died hers to day," snys a telegram from Mascoutih, III,, doted 31»t January, '• ago 59 years. Ho I it -rally ooughed himself to dea'h. Six days ago the unfortunate man was taken with a spasm of hiccoughing. Ni ither ho nor his people thought any thing serious about the attack, and nutuorouB simple remcdios were brought into use, but nothing stopped or oven checked the hiccoughing. It gradually grew worso and a physician was summoned. For six days the man biocougbed almost incessantly, arid tholft ain upon him watt Honiething (orrib'-. At timflB »t required thrm* men to h 'd tl.u si* U nrniit in his bed. Hh frrqu<n«ly bv'LMiho frun ic, and ut yuoli iiiuo'i mvariubfy laboured untlvr tin- delusion (bat 6o was about to rn'urnf to his. boyhood h'roe in 0»n»«ny. J.'n nnn of hseppoJIs yrflt^rd^y h« escaped from his atten dants nnd roach'-d ih'o yard. Tho un natural ?fcrnn£»th pooh h'H h5m and ho sank down oxhuusted, lb wuu thought last night that ilw patient was tlightly bflttor, for hi; t<lop' f.>r short intervals. But tho hiccoughing riovor ceased, fcvon whon the sufferer nlop^ fromcxhaiiatioh. This morning iho hiccoughing grow worse, and it was apparent that (ho strain w.is capping his streig'h nnd | Ji/e uw«y. Thn unt quo] struggle ended 1 at noon indeaih." 