I Tlie Three Travellers. I Br Mas. Glbhekt Shobtor, in Windsor . I Magazine. I There were three travellers si ting in I the smoking-room of a country inn, who I had come together as si range and I grown companionable over tbeir pipes I and wise. Two of them were yuum-, I the third was grey-haired and wrinkle- I faced. Alley were discussing wummn I lovp. I The youngest argued lightly, because I he delighted in debate. I The second bitterly, because he had I been jilted and fancied himself in love. I The grey third without emotion, bc- I cause he bad known sorrow. I 1 For fairy gilti to win ibo he irt of I my fair lady,' eaid the youngest, ' were I we in the magic days of old, I would ask nothing save a light heart and a I handsome face with few harsh years stamped upon it.' 'Nay,' said the second youth; 'I would request nothing save a purse of gold that never wonld grow empty, and were I ugly as sin, and wicked, as ita originator, I could buy the heart of any damsel I longed for.' And you,' eaid the first speaker, turning to the silent, grey men, ' are you tco old to remember women's hi arte are worth the winning 1' ' Old 1' eaid the grpy man ; ' how many years would you sny (hat I carry ¥ You look old for y tar d ijs if ymi be under sixty ?' ' Nay, then,' said the «n.»n, 1 I inn forty-five at cockcrow to-morrow.' 'Good Heivem !' srid tire youth, ' what lies aged you en ?' If I,' said the grey man, pissing the qunetion, ' hid tin goodwill of the fairies, I vvoold claim the old gift women have always loved— more than beauty, wealth, gentleness, or aught , else.' 'And that? said the second yonth I eagerly. I Courage,' said the man-— plaib I animal courage.' ' I don't agree,' said 'the other. TV uoro wuuiu uc w »«-» beside the curled, fa -.ribboned, and handsome lover,- the tender glance | from dream-loving eyes, the soft tiand f No.' 'I don't agrep,' said the second youth. 'What! the courage of the. snarling bound, before silken gowns, horses, the envy of one's neighbours 1 Gold it is, hard, yellow gold, that makes the ring.' t ' Beauty wins the eye,' said the grey mm softly, ' and gold is pretty to she touch ; both make marriage. But I I spoke of love — and courage wins the I heart.' I 'You have a story to tell,' said one I youth, filling his pipe ; ' I see by your I face.' I ' Go on,' said the other, replenishing I bis glass. I ' I have a s'ory,' said tin grey man I hesitatingly, ' of a woman— of courage I -—of a man who wis a coward. It happened some ten cr twelve years I ago, and I knew the man.' This is the ttory that he told, and as be talked the glasses of the youths were unemptied and tbeir pipes un filled. But he had forgotten them, for | he spuke aloud . the story that was | seared upon his Heart. ' Ten or twelve years ago I knew the man. He lived in my village, lint where that is does not matter. He was a coward. Nonce knew he was a coward, except himself — and a woman. In fact, to-day they speak of him as a hero in my village. When he was a child lis was full of many terrors — afraid of robbers, afraid . of ghosts, afraid of the daik Perhaps he had been frightened, as a baby . by some nurse, and the terrors lingered. It sometimes happens thus that a. child is ruined. When he grew older he was afraid of pain, afraid of blows. So he had few boyish rows, and joined in no rough games. People thought him a quiet and gentle yonth. Liter he was afraid of being afraid — of the shame of it. 'Then as bis youth passed - he grew oat of this fear, as there were no longer calls on his boyish courage. - He parsed to manhood, and then, when he Under stood, he became afraid of death. Death was to him no peace anil rest, bat darkness. He thought of stranger-, creatures DDI mane as ne was, were VI tlie - gloom — horrid faces, clutching hinds, shadows half seen. Something of all . this death was to him, yet it was a terror that he could not fully explain. 1 Once as a hoy, he fought another, but that was because the other, was bearing . a .'story to the boy's father, and be was afraid cf fcis'father. ' Once as a man he fongbt again, but that was becauae tffierewas .no possible means >1 jeritape without deadly shame, i and he fongbt like .-a child mad withv terror. : : This nobody! knew, -iariti : he ' woo— —his foe whs thetemaljer. ,, i Then he married the' iropiaa. ; ; 'For three years they iivtogetirer,! audnothingfrBppened to iryfrM(coursge%: . Surit isjths calm .of. life.: ! Theinuch-; y|rqu<ufi ' Jiftwyhlfl battles r ; were now no more. He as s'inani - 'But it happened be had to move " from hie tjiniet /vfllageintn.Vd part ef -the-; rMunfify.' "Why,', ripes' uol "matter. ' -His - was : the bhly house ->r friiliMiarohriffiw on one side a strong river, often swollen tn twice its natural sze by Ireaiy raiSB. Over- it was thrown the rail way bridge, too light for it, many thought, but the m .in laughed at the idea at he looked upon the great support which stemmed the fall flow of the tide. " So for weeks Iheir uneventful lives went on, nothing mine exciting happen ing in the day than toe peering "of the greet traiD,. tearing by like some screaming son I rushing from .dauinalior. A black snake in the day-ime, one of \ fire by night. Tn thn man and his wife is seemed the oiie iink tint bound tbem to civilisation— which sp"ke to them of the great world "that tbpy might else well forge'. Through the windows j they gut . many a lightning glance of that society they had left. Here was the young bride alone in a carriage with ber hnsband, speeding on -her b Obey moon and regarding tlie world with a stnilp. Tbero the weary city uran reading in a cum er his ev-rla-tini! papers, there the merry schoolboy wav ing his hat and shunting hie unheard jokes out of tiin window. There the hopelese woman mentally chicking I'.et- household affaire. All were there. In each numbered carriage, everyone in bis place — first, second, tbird. tlie divi sion of the classes according tn tb parse ' Now tba grim humoir of ciicum- s'ancee willed it fur the mm that he should' ant be amongst those people who whirled past birii from city In city, whose quiet, uneventful lives brought no strain upon their physical courage, who went without danger from place to place protected by civilisation. Wh-> knows but tbat among the crowd who looked from the fl'shing windows of the train there might uot have been many who chafed . the bit of social monotony and pined for. this man's freedom t 'Soon he saw in the eyes of bis wife,, as they bent upon him, looks of unquiet, or was it of fear ? D-d she suspect his secret I Was sbn afraid . that he was afraid ? Why should she suspect trim ? He had a retrospective five minutes. Ye-, once wheu they were wiikhig across the fields a great bull ran it the m.Tn : he hnfl turned and fled, but fcha woman was beside bim. Had fie not shown, be knew this? Had be net looted .toiler first and kept between her and the bull V He could not remember. He- never crald remember after bis fits of terror. When he was a child they bore trim along in one great gust, blinding, deafening, maddening for the time. Now the yearn had hardly lessened tbeir strength, Agair, he remembered a branny villain wbu had leered at and shouldered bis wife ae they walked through a neighbouring village. He had turned on the fallow with stern anger, but the drunken bravado would have nothing but blow4, and before his clench d fist the man had stepped aside. He knew, unwever, that his vo'ce had changed as he raid he would have no brawling before a lady. Ooco agiin, when driving actors the coun'ry lie horse had Laken fright, and he rememb -red tbat he bad sat pile and trembling while the woman t ink the reins from iris hands and guihd the animal ijti quiet. She had never reproached turn for these tuna, only h-r eyes seemed to speak ; and then, how sba loved courage ! " Once, when a weakling lamb of hers fell int i the swollen and rapid tide, nbo stood knee- deep in the water weeping and calling to the man. When he reached her she begged him to go in and Bave the lttle creature. She could not swim, but he was a strong swimmer. Yet when he faced the .running water be "dared not take the risk for the' sake of an animal, and said so. But 'a herdsman on tbe ranch bad also her calling, and noted .the blearing of tbe lamb. Running down the bank be bad. flung off his coat and leaped in'o the water. With a few strokes be had reached the drowning beast. To get back was not an easy ! matter, and twice the watchers thought . the swimmer must fail, hampered us be was by the st-uggling beast and with the strong tide against' him. But he bad fought his way bravrly.carrying the lamb, as a cat would Ler kitt-n, in biB month. When be at leugfi reached the ride the watchers ran to meet bim and help him ashore, The woman said little, bat thanked, bim with shining and excited eyes. . .The herd was shamed by her gratitude. He was a coward tbe minute he was out of danger— afraid of thanks... Heshnffied ofij .saying some- , thing about a flood In the "river if. the fiaortr'Minn mntinmi? . Whan Iip had gone the woman turned to her hnsband, 'Oh, if yon bad done tbat !' ' But, dear, he answered, is an animal worth the risk of a tinman life' ' Ob, it was hot the lamb, '.she yeplied,, with glowing syes — then added, .tboughtfally, ' He was a man.' ; V ' I am hot as fine a swimmer as he,' the man retorted, angry with her . and. with herself Perhaps you would have faeen sorry it- 1 had gone ib to gave your lamb and had btea drowned ?' 'In ,.ia moment khe had Aaken his "bmnd.inhera . 'Ob, dear love, yes !' she said. I ; Tdid hot. think; .but'I.ia tohdnragcsi'.'' -i. £he took tbe imf) in .bm irms 'iind carriedltinto ttohoUBa. A» hewriked heeliihj ttb inan b'riri3 iiri ' wh'sper/ OB shV kissed the "wet, woolly hspd, 'nnld hetphhe. wmh, hvCn if it he hhty 4 ' After, thrif |t something nwtijer 'wnld hefinn. <3W, ehe loved hi :n even more than before, it niight be, hut not in the same way. Now she seimrd to add pity ' to her lovr, and no pride. She hid not lonk np to bim. but down upon bim. Her love was like that tif-a mother for her. crippled child. Yet, after all," it was tbe greater love ; for lovn of the weak and failiDg is true love, while love of the strong and soccssful is selfish in a degree when he who " loves lives in the shadow of that strength. - One evening the roan, sitting iu'the doorway with bis beloved " violin at bis shoulder, beheld the woman coming .towards bim in great haste, her . pretty curia behind her iu the wiud, her cl"ak blown hack; her little feet twinkling iu their speed. At first he -did not' hear her calling to him, for hii soul waa.with his music and travelled slowly from his dreams. Soon ber frightened face becime more distinct, and be was con scious sum t thing disastrous had bap- p ned. He put down the violin end went to meet ber, the' bow still in bis hand. She turned beck the way she bad come when she saw he. was app roaching her, and waved to bim to hasten. 'The bridge fshecried — ' the bridge ! ' Ho hurried after her, and ' they reiched the bridge together. What a ri<i.t there met his eyei ! The' river, (urboleut, uncontrollable, mad, swollen tn twice its size by tbe heavy rains, rolled by in a current toi strong for waves t > break upon. Heavy and dark it rnoved on, bearing everything before it— trees, dead sheep, a straggling oz, and once a white face with drowned, staring eyes — ail he saw in that moment go by like chips of wood on tbat great river. But more than this he saw, and most terrible —the great railway hri Ige had given way ! The centre bo -tress bid crumb- bird and the iron rails trailed twirtid t i the water. At the centre of the great bridge nothing remained to cover a gap of over ninety fest bat the band- rail, wbicb somehow had loosened from its' hold on I he broken bridge and even: across — no - not a tight r-<p', hut more like a ladder with rungs, which tbe stanchion m'ade, half a man's height apart. The second wire, one ci.uld see, caused the whole fence to Swing &b; if it might give wsy it any moment. In one second the man had seen all this ; in the next ha had remembered that tbe train would pis4 this way in an hour. An hour ! What a little time when there is much to do ! What an eternity . when one waits ! ' My God ! tbe train !' he gasped.. ' A hundred people— a hundred ' He looked into the rosbiag torrent, back with its force. - ' The woman grasped hie hand and her nails pierced his -skin.. She was gazing at tbe wire swaying acroeB the gap. 'There is only one possible way. I have thought it all oat.- Only one possible way. 'And that I' ' To cross the wire.' ' The wire 1 My Gud ! Yon are mid ! Who would cross the wire ?' ' You must. It is the ouly way to. sive them.' 'It is imuassible : it mieht break under one's weight. It is probably loose or rotten with It wonld be suicide to a'tcmpt it.' ' There is no other way, and it is like a ladder— "trong enough to bear a man. Yon are ao swift and strong — 60 strong, Alfred,' she said sl- iwly, turning and icoking iutu his eyes. 'There ie only' one men to whom the chance is .given to save all these people— ouly one man; and only one way.' 'The man Icoked round ; nobody else, tiny were miles from everyone, from every help — one man ; and ho a coward. 'There it an-ither bridge ten miles off. I could just do it on Prince,' . he whispered. ' Alfred,' ehe said ; ' if this bridge has goes beneath the' flood, "do you think tbat that other little bridge yet stands 1 If you find it gone, and' yon Ip'tve no time to return and go thiB way, many will die hpre by year door —drowned, mangled, tortured— women and - little children — little children. There will be crying and screaming — and yon will hear them— I shall hear them ! — oh, God 1 oh God ! — screaming down there in the dark,' ' ' The man brake from her, tbe agony poming down his foreheadinto his eyes. H& put his feet mpon ;the lower wire,; and. erasmns the other in bis hands. ehuffied a few f rot from the land into, the air. The woman - leaned to his sleeve and kisBingit ber face "white with angnish: 'The risk of "one dear life, for ."ja hundred lives;; in your - care — bb, God !' . . 'The man went on further; he looked, down ; his brain "sickened. The : wire swayed and creaked beheath hls weight The hlack crdel water lay faeheath faim, ' and under "his feetonly the thin wire.' And all .the time. he was so near safety!;: He.forgottheltrun'randthepeopie—. only, his own dark dauger was liyibg. Hesprabgbadktottefirm'iahdagaln. hefw 'Were';pn was vtolljhnt . slight and wtok. Hhis; ltoked.iathertremuloautiiiiij|atidBsmd< h'le.piShiwiiiihiAig thMythe: ritberaide.: ThiB man jtow.'lheiiiglanipe" and ltttoaddeued him. If Baid, :' If "hei 'Jura sfciKpst.fa -X4 -wipjilfl WMg1«y;liowdldHgettiiriel' v Js ontd -he madness so '-attempt " VTvf-S this,' he said, ' I will go "by the rtber : bridge.' It is too late,' the woman eaid in a dull voice ; even . if the bridge . were . there' yon could nnt do it now.' The gentle woman before trim's min d to ero » into a.hareh munitrees. I believH,' he muttered, 'that, yon would retiief see me dead— if a hundred were saved oitr my body.' 'I wonld rather see yon dead,' she said like one repeating him. -. "' You would lather, that I were a dead hero than a live — — t' A word tripped on her tongne ; be conld see it. . ? 'Why ..don't yon say coward t he sneered. - If I were dead in thie cause, you .would hear them call you the widow of a hero.' ' And now,' the woman flashed np, 'they will say I am tbe wife of a They will say yon were atrsid.' ' The man turned on her eadly. 'Oh, you woman, he said, ' yon should have been the wiferof a soldier — the mother of men-children ; you would 'bave loved them, worshipped them, and harnessed on their armour and sent them forth to die. - ' He turned bom ber and ran- to the stables ; be flang a halter on the black horse,' and, leaping upon its back, galloprd off in tbe direction of the other bridge. «The black horao covered tbe gronnd as it bad never done before, but as they sped "by ihe aide nf tbe river the man heard a feint voice shouting from the water. He looked and saw a drowning man hanging to a beam of wood; his white, wet face glowing in the gathering gloom. The pallid lips opened again. ' The bridge,' they said — ' the bridge is down.' ' Yes ! bad he not known it all the time t the bridge was down, and he had run away from the danger on the' other bridge near which the woman stood despising him. > 1 Ha tamed bis horse and drove it' into tbe direction of tbat white face. The swift current nearly took it off ite feet. It turned in its terror and ran, uncontrollable, towards its home. As tbe horse raced the current for a time, the two bnman beings gazed at one another, tbe one powerless to help the olhtr io tbe darkness. ' Help 1 help ! he'p f How the horse's feet re-echoed tbat cry loug after the drowned lips had gone underneath. The man swayed io Iub saddle. Between tbe liht of the fading day and the rising moon be saw plainly, as he came nearer botce, tbe dark bridge with the great gap iVTthe middle of it, and across the gap, fine as a spider-thread, the wire. 'The swaying wire — hut what was on it I Something spall and black, like a spider, was creeping across. . When he got neater he saw tbat it was a min. Tbere was someone braver than himself, then f Well, she had got a hero at last. He drew nearer and watched. He bew the man crawl along; stopping oft n —sometimes it seemed through fear, sometimes to quiet tbe dangerous swaying of the wire, yet never Inokiog back and atwayBgoing forward. Slowly, slowly he went over the swollen, angry .torren. The man thought of the white iara ne un bow go unuer ana euna- dered. He wondered if this other man had seen it aB be passed. . This other man— Katie's hero, he wonld call him ! He was jeaioop. Where should he be when this fellow returned fall of glory I Katie's hero ! Oh, it was safe enough, after all, the .wire, seeing that it bore this fellow, who was ae tall as he ! Why did he not go and be brave for once ? To stand before her eyes with a heart like a hare, and to fail her— to fail ber! Katie's hero hod crossed ; he bad stopped for a moment on the other side, where" the lower. wire had broken and there was no longerestfor'his feet. Then he held "on with his hands and swung -himself across with' them alone. Ho sank on .the - ground on tbe other side for a mionte, ani the mm almost hoped for a jealous second that his rival had failed ;' hut wh -n the man .rose to his feet and ran down the line he muttered hoarsely— God speed your feet- 1' 4 Then it e'ruck him as strange that his wife was'not there to see the sucoess or failure' of her hiro, -and he ran towards tbe :honee calling. Through the lower roums he . went, and round tbe small garden, bntshe wae not there. Frightened, he again searched the house, and, coming to 'hir drersing-room, he uotlced the presB standing open and all his clothes tossed ahontit A black suit he often Wore was gone. , A light dawphd ' upon him. . He , rnshed- fhti . her . bf drnom. Yff, v there was the dress she ha i weira that .tnnrn- ring. -Whit she had done I He -flew down the stairs, calling ' her ram'c, and ran across tbe fields t i the broken bridge again. V..\ ' - d . -'Ho ea'w jtall uhw, Sie had dressed in Iris clDthes and gone .in his place. ; All the msihbod In him «om iip ; he wunld foljowiber. She hud made apath for him : ; >he wes nn longer afraid. . All atorifatlow wire bsr iittle feet h jgone ; ' aflilong the top cine her pretjy! hands had - moved; Her courage, like electricity, ;; must lie there etill, ' in 1 wouldvabimitrengtbtof olio w.V-Hi put his ieetoti p n e ire laud hie hands hpuhe.,other.::l;;H< riuyrly :-slid along them rihthe.;:He moyed :hra vely; a few yards ani then stopped. Toe look dowo. -' BdW ttlB hlaiA' riiror4,amBl® jfirihg jupra -Rs, hj»ist: jjfe.riasplfii;gj?f -ipbbariM-rjflead : > ammala hayheims, tre eveu wbhleh furniture, stolen from some cottages, all jumbled together and "hurrying ever on-: ward. . 'The man gazed down as he swayed above. He might yet - part cf toat moving mess. He closed hie «>fb and started on again. Again be stopped, his faCe, wet with fear, torned to tbe heayers so fair beneath the rising moon, smiling in the face af all this horror — br, the one lone, living thine, swaying between, earth and heaven, life aud death. , He moved onward ; he heard the cry of wild birds ever the' watere. Ooce a wing against bis face caused him to leave go a hand. He canght again, trembling and moaning ; be worked biB way on with more speed; Thus did ber little feet go ; here were laid the bands he loved. With a cry he found the wire had failed his feet and he was swinging by bis band alone. For" a moment fie awnogao io terror before he realised that he bad just come to tbe- end of his joorney and was at the side where the lower wire had snapped; He swung himself forward and with a great effort landed on the hank. He sank on bis knees an instant and. then ran down the line. ' After rnnning a few minutes be bsw a man coming towards him ; be stopped and waited. ' He.knew it'moat be.she; and it ,gave him .no enrprise to see her bright, dancing eyes and bonny face beneath tbe cap polled ever her brows When "she saw him 'she started and laughed. Yoa are late ; it ieall right I was : at the station before the train arrived, < and all were saved. . I heard it once, dashing into the station eom after I' left. They never realised that I was not you in the -failing light. 'The man took her two hands in his. ' My dear, why liave yon done this T- 1 1 had to. > Yon eee, it was the only way. Yon were too late -going by the other bridge — as I said.' ' I did not go by tbe other bridge — I crossed the wire after you." Tee uther brides is down, too.' 'She clapped her hands. Ob, yon were brave. Now yon will not be a hero for nothing, after all, and vou did cross the wire.' ' A hero for nothing ?' the man ques tioned. Yes,' she said slowly ; you see, it was tlio only way — I had to pretend to be yon. They did no" Bee much in ihe moonlight; I just eaid tbe bridge was down, and bade them see to it; then came away. They all think it was you, and you will be a here when they know how you crossed — aod yon did cross.' \- ' But they must not think it was me ; I will not Oh, but you must' Then she said softly, ' I would not let them think you dared not come . . . and you were the only one who knew.' ' So yon came in my place?' The man tn'rhed away In shame. 'Never mind,' she said brightly ; 'the glory is mine. I am yoor wife, aod what yoa win I win. Bat let - as go. They must not come here to find as.' 'But how can we return ?' said the man. ' There is only the one way,' she ans wered, and, seeing him draw back, added eagerly, ' You must not — you ilare nut —let tbem find me hers like tlrif.' 'In a few moments they bad reached the bridge. She laid her hands upon tho wire rope. ' Srr,' she eaid, ' it is tough and thick ; it is strong enough to bear a dozen men. Let as tie ourselves together like the Alpine climbers, and we shall feel more safe. See; I brought this in case I should want it.' ' ' She drew a rope out of her pocket and alipped a noose beneath his arms, across his cheBt, and tied the other end aronud her «aia'. Then Bhe laughed. If I elip you can hold me, and if yon lose your footing I can help yon.' ' But the wire is not Bate for the two together,' the man said, though to him the mere contact of someone near, even thus united, made him more courageous than when he went alone. He felt the wire rope ; it seemed firm and stent enough. It had not started nor snapped a strand when he came over, and sorely there was not much danger if only they held tight. < Quick, quick ! .they are coming ; let ue get on, let ns get on.' ' Tbe man set his feet on the wire and1 started, the-, woman - following without hesitation. ; The wire creaked and swayed. ' Go bach,' tbu man \ cried, 'go back ; taae on toe rope, or let me go nrst alone.' But she poshed him' forward, and . with her sweat companionship fear fled from him ; he wsb anxious to get across only fo'r her sake, and all hia thoughts were of her. . Yes, we can get need to evsiytfaing, and the second crossing of the rope did not-seem half so bad as 'the first. They had reached the middle when .the rope creaked again.-44 Then some of they'd fear returned and hie ftoe tjrew white and wet." , 'Hold tight,, whatever happen'' be shoutod&bove; the -iparof the waters. At the horror in his voice .fear ssemed to come to her too." She cleoched her handa npon the wire and refused to. movt , Nowrifiat heriiund had nothing! tofhmkof hot therirdangBr,«lie realised for hs jfirat time the TiBk they rab! 1 > : ' - Oh; Lamafraid — afraid, 'she sobbed. \- ' A little, further,' said the man, the' drops hligBgony hUndiug his eyca, ' TSiey. .loqkeidwip.at tiie\serene fieavens 'and riownjnt ritiie' anUtitl wffi'iat -awaited ! themwlow— atlhedarkfirestoming along the line— too far off to he of any possible help. 'One more effort' tbe man -said; come," de»r.' . She closed her eyes and followed film. The rope- ewaved and creaked Ominously beneath him. He" gave annther movement forward— and the wire broke. A moment uf nothingless, arid then ihey found theiusel res hanging in the air a few feet from the rushing waters. - - The man clnng fast -to tbe wire, but the woman's hand only held a minute sod then let go. They swung like a pendnlnm over the face of death. The man screamed in his agwi, The rope, - noosed around his chest, aad laden' with the uncooecioaB woman's ' weight, cat into him and seemed to pinch h(B heart oat. He ottered cry after cry, and then— he went mad. He was no longer a reasoning human being, but an -insane animal fighting for life. There was something — be did not know what —dragging him 'down . to death ; something that bit "like a., wolf into his breast and choked -like a serpent. He strove to free himself. He tried to advance, but it drew him back. He loosed one hand and tried to pueh tC from bitn iu vain ; he thrust his hand into bis pocket — tire thing was tearing the flesh from his ribs, it was pressing the breath from him, he wis mad, dying. He drew- forth bis penknife and hacked at it. He was free! In a moment h'e had scalled the wire and stood io safety ou tbe shore. What had he done with his wife i The rope round bis chest was cnt, be looked into the river, end his soul died within him. 'That was she — whirling and turn ing, beaten by the passing timbers, half drowned in tbe waters— tbe woman he loved. Her white face was raised to his. He conld bear screaming down there in the shidows, her pretty curls all gone, the red cheeks so pale, llie parted lips washed over by the tide. And he bad done this thing to bis beloved. " " What had he done— he who wonld not bave hart her for all the Btare in the heavens? Did she know what he had done I ' He - was rnnning along the bank to the snot where the waters had swent. her. She had clung to a mass of wood tbat had got wedged near the middle of the river. ' Here there had been an island, now so flooded that nothing was seen of it but tbe topB.of a few rocks, and on these the women clnng, not having a foot hold. > 'The man plunged into the river above and strnck out for tbe island. It ws8 an impossible effort, bnt love bore him along. The watere closed often ove/ bim. The drifting timbers struck him many times as they passed, eo that hi was bleeding aud exhausted when at last he reached her. ' She rested, half fainting, clinging to tbe small foothold tbat tho rocks gave and without strength to change her position. He drew her upon it and clasped her in his tired arms. My deareBt f he wept over her. 'Save me 2' she cried, clinging to bim. 'Ob, do not let me" drown.' ' He held her to him -without hope. Conld he swim ashore with her, or coma cney wait inere long enongn tor. help to arrive ? Already the river left them nothing dry to rest npon. They were standing on a ridge a few feet wide and the waters washed over it. He shonted for help. Far away be conld eee the black figures in tbe moon light investigating the- broken bridge, bnt ttrey did not hear his cries. He screamed to them, bnt at last he eaw tbem gather together and depart. ' He turned to his wife and bade her be brave, saying — . . ' If anything happens to fling ns off this, cling to me and I will swim ashore with yon. Put your band upon me and you will flo<t along by my side quite easily, only do not fear.' He saw a huge beam coming towards them and repeated what he had sail. He saw the great mass come like a cork on the rising waters. It was making straight for them. The next moment he waB in tbe water, with the senses half knocked out of htm. He weot down, and be felt he wonld never cotne to the top again. Was he rising J The water looked green around him. There were black thlogs pissing above - him. .Hjb throat was bursting. He felt that in a moment the blood must spring from his ears and eyes. Would he never get to the surface 1 ' It was - cle ir, thank God, at last. He conld Bee the blessed sky once more and the green shore. Hon far away it seemed! Would he -ever reach it? There was something clinging to him, keeping him back. But he conld eisily thrnst it off — a weak thing like a child's hand. Bnt there was -no drild there- nothing there save death. The waters washed across his eyee, blinding him. The floating timbers and refnse struck his white face to red, but fait fought with them all; flinging them from him. Everything, even the child's hand, was gone how. Once a drowning cat had reached him, caught his sleeve and tried to "clamber on to his bead. ; Fjpr a moment they fought together— two animals mad with fear. Then the man went on alone with b'ood upon his .month, ' - 'Thesborewasgro wing green. He could surely see -the trees now.' One effort Imore for dear life. He sank and rose again, and ooce more .sank. '. As - he went down he slritched hie hands once over the waters io a deep clqtch to the hverhaneing branch-of a treie by the river. For s moment ho hung to, get- ting back his.etrenrtli. Then he drew himself ashore. F.ir an hour he lay there, half iu aod half out of the water, rod then he rose — autlived.' ' And he never told the woild that the woman had savid the train ?' said one youth, after a long pause. _1fitit. wasputof hi punishment,' eaid tbe grey man. 'It would bave un done what she had died for. She wai always io terror lest people should know that the man she loved was a coward 1 If I,' srid the other young min 'had left a woman todrnwu like tint in maduees, I would have returned to the river in my senses and thrown myself if.' 'So would-be have done,' said the gray man ; ' but when he Incite 1 into ihe water it was full of faces and darkness —a grave of horror; He' was afraid to die.' 'And bow do yoa come to kuow the siory ?' 8aid one yootfc: The grey man did oot answer. He rose and went to thn window. Ab he drew aside the heavy certain a fork of lightning flashed across his eyes, followed by a loud crash of thunder. ' My God 2 my God ?' bo cried, fal ling upon a chair and covering bis face The young mer. started to bis side. Are yon liurt ? blii ded ?' they cried. He drew his hands from his ghastly face and It iked towards ibe window. ' Pull the curtains,' he said. ' I am afraid.' 