Ml ®P£U LETTER TO PHMJ,LYNE,M.P,, ? PRliU MINISTER OF NEW SODM WALES. Sin, — Yon, as a friend of mine, will, I Feel sure, be aurpried, if not t;lad, to hear that .1- isre at )a*t achieved the odor of sanctity and .oined the |iar=ou- ; 1 have thrown in my lot r ch tie sacred squad .of sanctified * snuiHehnaierj to ' ^ave the people' — to proLeut tuein from 3 3'Upeudous .swindle, promoted by the A.J.C. Comid ties, irhich h, witliout a doubt, the must callouj and cjnupt gambling comb.natiau thut hit ? ever 'taken duwn ' a whole condding cotu munity under Parliamentary saucC.on. 1 re er to the Totulisator B 11 iutroluced into the Legislative Conned by. the lion. C. E. Pilcher, Q.C., the pail le^'al i adviser of tne A.J.iJ. The Chbbornisci ?' push' which constitute the A.J.U. ! Coiumittee are promoting this Totaii sator liill on various high moral public grounds, notably the three following : — (1) Tha elevation of the moral sur roundings of horse- racing ; (i) the improvement 01 the breed of racehorse i; aud (3) the creation of honest racing. Uats ! and creation of cats ! The A.J.C. and honest rac:ng ! Honest humbug! Why, curse and confound this Clibbofn-cowed crowd, don't you know as 1 know, and, as all the world knows, that there is more rascality r«m pant at Randnick, which is controlled by this conscient ous A.J.C. Comtnitiee, than on any otlier racecourse in this co'.ony, or, indeed, on this continent ? Is it then likely that yon or I, or the public, or Parliament., are likely to accept this Clibboruitiih push as moral mentors and keepers of tue public con science in tbe sphere of sport? What, about 'Guubearer' and similar gam bling gambols perpetrated at Li&aiwick; under the boly and moral auspices of this pioud A.J.C. Committee? i You are much better advised S3 to the class of gentry comprised in this A.J.C. Committee, and, therefore, more capable of properly appraising their claims to pose as purifiers of public sport. I confess that the idea of accept ing them in that capacity seems some what comical. I can't forget that this Ciiubornised combination includes such mon as that strong sportsman, Long, that masterful man Mcllasters, the I cute and careful Cox ; and last, but not ! iea;t, tb.pt Admirable Cricutoa of tho Turf, the keen and korrect-kard kove, Kennedy, who has been touting for the ' Tote' against the parsons in thj pre^s during the past week. They con stitute a line exhibition example of the sort of men who are now trying to bull doze public opinion into the belief that ; the 'X'oialisator ia a good thing, a species ' oE murnl sing machine, which will i purify sport and put down cronk racing | combinut ous. I don't believe in ths ] 'Xotalisalor because sncli a3 tlie.e I advocate it ; I won't tolerate it, because they would practically control it. What we want is some moralising sort of a. machine to stamp ont that worst ot all bad gambl ng concerns, the A.J.U. as at pre.-eut constitu.ed and conducted. A Tota iisator that would pot down the A.J.C iroulii be a boon and a blessing ; but a Totalisalor that would merely magnify aud perpetuate the peculiar pranks oc the A.J.U. pu=h at liaudwick wou'd be a mera mockery, a d^miiabie delusion and a farcical fraud. Why? I'll tell you. . . . «. ? ?? ? ? These A.J.C. sporting saints, who are' the restl prompters and actual promo ers . of tais Totaliiator B 11, declare that they, do it in the interest oi honest sport and public morality. They profess to be anxious to protect tho morals of the community — especially of women and children — uga nst the gambling con tag on by means of the 'i'olalisaior. The layer of the odds — the bookmaker— is, according to them, a bold, bad. greedy, grasping man, who roVia .. the nublic. \V eli. nerhaus the bouk'a blokes with the blaxing diamonds j do rob the public by carrying the odds off I the course ,u their ba^s four times out j of six.' lint, then, 1 think the majority of the public would rather be robbed by tha bookie than by thu A.J.C. Wiiat ihe A.J.C. Tolalisator touts are after, are these very odds : they want to pouch the bookmakers' w'nn ngs for the purpose of further bolstering up their sinister' sporting monopoly. The^e A.J.C. touts furthermore wish to capture the absolute control of all racing and racecourses throughout the colony .by means of this Totalizator (rick. For instance, Kensington racecourse, honestly and regulariy cbnducte 1 ryht alongside the A; J.C's.. racing ramp at.Randwick, .is to be tabooed — wiped out of exiswnca — under the tricky provisions of the Totalizator tyranpjr south'! to be set up in' the sulfuu in'teiests of the jl.J.C. Why .J£ensingt'.-n— one of . the best if not the Ijest-conducted c.iurse ia the coiony— - should be w ped out, while ihe weigher's rendezvous at Rnndwick is allowed, to ' continue' as a firjt- claas gambling hell- aud. spieler's rsaturnalia, Dassesill haiusn comprehension. .Tilings have, indeed, come to a protty political p'ftSs'in'tliH colony when a guide, seliish and suspect. racing clique like the A.J.C. Gomaiitree cua command the support of one branch of the Legiilnture for proppin-»'up Iheir positively -prepuster- ous pretensions (ind most ' monstrous monopoly in the name of public morality. Tbe Legislative Couucil has rendered the public .uaay services- in recent years by amending faulty and rejecting bad lejialatiou ; but it ha3 never duu.- the public a grosser wron;; or bipu.'ht deeper discredit, on itsalf vthdi by por nnttiiLj it oil to be made the catspaw. of tbe CI bborn clique in the interests of the A.J.C. ? ? ? The Legislative Conncil in this Totalisator matter is really liitle better thau a political club of the A..J.O. Committee. The !e-al and ^portm^ fraternity raiied in atronjr foroe to tho support of the Totaliaatur dtiriug the diheusiion of Mr. Pitcher's Bill. i he most prominent political touts of the A.J.C. s Tote Bill are lawynrs and race horse owners ; nli of them are members of the A.J.C, and some or them are mem bers of the .V..J.C. Couvuiuee also. For insiauce. there's thut weil-knuwn model sport, Air. W. A. Lonir, lawyer and M.L.C., cliainiau of the A.J.C; Mr. Pilcher, M.L.U., its 1-i^al adviser ; Mr. U. 0. Daiigar, lawyer, bor^e-owuer, and member of the A.J.C. Uommitiee; Adrian K,hox, M.L.C., lawyer, hor^e owner, and member of A.J.C. Com mitUe. and lot more of the same kidney. Tneso are the jokers wlio advo aod and vot-d for the totali.ator. Kortuuaiely they can't boJs legislation in Parliament as they do racing at Kundwick. in their zeal to bolster up the A.J.C. they have baulked themselves of their own object by committing » hi*; constir tutioual blunder which - will probably result in their Clibborn bantling or a Bill being promptly aud baily biffed out o: order by Mr. Speaker as a breach of the privileges of tbe Legisiat ve ' Assembly whenever it is called on for j disensiion. That is, of course, a matter J for Mr. Speaker ; and a3 1 don't tliink j the A.J.C. can nobble or Clibboru se him, the Bill can salely be left where it is until Sir Joseph is con.titutionally eall-d upoa to tackle it iu his capacity as guardian of Popular Rights ia the Legislative Assembly. o ? ? Meantime, let me t.tke leave to point out that -should this Totalisator Bill be brought on for discussion,' it will cer tainly be beaten by, at least, three to one, and possibly by a muoh larger majority. I am open to waiter an even ' pony ' with either Mister Long or j Mister Clibborn, that if this Tote try-on ' of theirs does pull through the ordeal of Priv.lvge, it will receive a clean knock out in the first round. You, as Prime Minister and Leader of the House, must know what I now state to be correct, and that this sneak-sort of legislation will receive short, shrift in the present j Assembly. Whatever your own indi- ! vidual opinion as Prime Minister and ! Leader of the House may be, I am ' pleased to know that you have refused j to father th.s abortion of a Bill. I don't know what your opinion of it ia, but I am pleased to be able to say that a ; majority pf your Cabinet colleagues are ; against it ; and-as you yourself dec'.ared in Parliament that it would not be taken ; np as a Government question, this ? A.J.C, m»a*u.re for the ' moralization I of gambling,' ha'» a 'dog's show ' of be comng law during the life-time of the present Parl ament, I think it would bs a constitutional calamity if any Tote clique, after nobbling a ma jority in the Legislative Council, could also capture the Cabinet, No Govern ment that showed iteelf po fool si: and unfair as to father ' crook ' schemes of a racecourse clique, sucli a3 is set forth in tliis Totalisntor Bill, could hope to live for a single day. Anf Government that, did so would go down und join all ihose ' Feiiarai' Ministries, which have lataly so suddenly collapsed. Sironji sup porter as 1 am of yours, and pledged as I am (with reasonable res. rvalions) to keep you and your Administration in office, an I all freetrude federal filibuster ing combinations out, I would vote against you and your Government to morrow if you Rave this A.J.C. Tote Bill ,' a ghost of a show.1' That's how I feel on the matter, and I don't mind telling jou that's how two-third3 of the members of the Assembly, whom I have canvussed against this Bill, ieel like wise, i ? ? ? { I don't care about the tauut3 and suecra of the Tote touts . oE the Mr. Kennedy type, who has been ' poking if' at the parsons iu tho columns of : the press. . I'm with the paribns heart.' and soul in this ' m -ral ' matter. I'm pr pared to attend ther meetings — if need be, in tall belltopper, long black coar and bi- white t e ; and, like the Devil is said to do at times, quote scrip ture — against this attempt of the A.J.C. to gaiu a practical monopoly of race course gambling unier thj pretext of minimisiutf and 'moralising' gambling by means of this Tomlisator trick. It may be sa d. indeed it has already been sad, thai lve.bee:i 'nonblei' in this matter by the pitrson^ on (he one hand and by the ' bookies ' on the other. . Neither of the.ii has 'nobbled' me any moie than they have uubijled one : another ; and, if I had to mate u choice, Id rather be nobbled by the parsons or ! the bookies than by the A.J.C. At any j late, you, as the virtual constitutional j ruler of this community' for tho time beiiig, have it in charge to see that no borie-racing clique or betting club 'nobblos' Parliament for tho purpose of obtaining a monopoly of a certain clasi of g-Unbl-Dg. If gambling be bad, punish it — put it down by. penal ising it. You cunnot, you dare not, as I l'e.I assured you will not in one breath proclaim it by Legislative enact ment to be a moral rice and a penal offence under one set of conditions, and in the next declare it to be moral and ia*ful under another set of conditions, in order to make it the profitable pecu niary monopoly of a horse-racing club clique, ? ...... Trusting, that I have not presumed too far on my dual position, as' a jour nal st and political supporter of yours ' iu Parliament, in thus«ponly addressing yon on this important public question, ' I have the honor to be, Sir, Your.-- truly, JOHM NORTON. Sydney, Saturday, December ?-, 1S99, ' 