WHERE GHOSTS WALK. Some Strange Stories. Tho remarkable story of tho apparition at Berry Pdmeroy Castle, nenr Totncs (writes -Edmund F. Ball, In the "Royal Magazine") appears to be authentic, and is well known in tlie West of Englnnd. .. Tlio legend runs that lii the latter purt 'of the last century Dr. Walter Farquliar, who wns thrill at Torquay, was called to the Castle to ut-tend the stew ard's wife. On his arrival he was shown Into a'rootn on. the graund'floor, and he grew Im patient, and arose to question a female who had opened a Bide door and was .'walking' across the room. . His surprise, hoivover, wns great when lie noticed her manner and garb, She'wns dressed in rich attire, but In un ubso-. lutely out-of-date costume, nnd wrung her hands In a pitiful manner— lior face evincing signs of great distress. She walked' to the flight of onk -stairs, nnd, quickening her pace, disappeared. At that moment the steward entered the room,. and announced that Ills- wifo was ready 'to see him. Dr. Fnrqulinr; found.hls patient dangerously III, anil he wns so much engrossed with the.caso that ho for-- got, ere he left the building, to question tliO| steward as to : the young lady, In ithe curious! . '6?'l»'y'te,'K-:6ri':thqjft>il<>Wliig-iiay- he ifoun'd Ills patient much Improved! arid reirieiiv" bored to ask' the steward 'about'! the mysterl-; ous young lady. As the doctor reequnted-his; experience tlie poor follow showed uiuhistnk- ' able signs of fear and trembling, and told the . doctor that now ho was sure Ills wife would, soon die, as the spcclrc was Hie spirit of tlio dnuglitor of an early owner of tlio Castle, who' had murdered her chlid,'rind had since' appear ed as an omen -foretelling the death of an In?; mate. Dr. Farquliar quickly gave the stew ard every .assurance' of Ills wife's Hum for the better, 'rind that he thought she would con- j tinue to Improve, 'but the credulous old stew-, ; ard would not hear of It. , The next day the i doctor called. at the Castle, and'.ivas astound- ( ed to find that his patient had died soon after -he left the place the preceding day, A REMARKABLE SEQUEL. ' The most strange pnrt.of the story, is to come. After an Interval of Bevcral yours, Dr. Farqu liar was well-known In London as Sir Waller Farquliar (1798), and could count among lils clients and friends certain members nf noblllty aiid Royultyl One day a lady eamo to lilm In groat distress, saying her sister Was 111, and appeared to be wasting away, nnd that on being questioned she was most emphatic in saying she saw a ghost when visiting In De vonshire some weeks before, which had loft sueh an Impression upon- her that do what she would she could not slinkc It off. The lady further- said that the spectre appeared nt Berry Pomeroy Castle, at which Sir Waller, started, told ills experiences, nnd requested to see the 'young luily Immediately, whom ho found suffering as described. ' The poor girl appeared greatly relieved to b'e speaking to some one who shared her uncomfortable ex perience, and, It may be added, soon regained, her usual health. A "WELL-KNOWN APPARITION, Sykes Lumb Farm, near Blacklurn, Lanca shire, has a well-known reputation for being haunted. . The house itself is a very primitive dwelling; built of large, rouglily' hewn .'blocks of coarse limestone, having a lonely" situation In. n secluded dell by the banks of the'Meller. Brook. Several parlies lmve asserted that they have seen an old wrinkled woman puss along the road which led to the Lumb, but were so afraid that they never dared to ques tion lior. It came to pass that a young farmer occupied the promises, and ,' on seeing ' the' "ghost" ono nlglit beneath an old apple Tree In the orchard ho accosted lier, when she poin ted to the ground. Tlio young muii dug, and soon came upon u number of carlhcnwarc jars containing, ancient gold and silver coins of liundreds of pounds value. After tills nlglit It Is said the old dame has not troubled the- country folk so much. OLD MOTHER HUBBARD. Heath Old Hall, near Wakefield. Yorkshire, also has Its ghost. This mansion Is a splen did pile of the Ellzabelh'oan period, and the windows were formerly emblazoned with tho. arms of some of the clfief of England's nobil ity. In 1593 William Wltham, wlio wus In pos session, wns suddenly taken 111 aud died. A later owner of the Hall was a sister of Wl- thani's — Lady Mary Bollcs— p. strong-minded womnn, who was lci-ally known as "Old Mo ther Hubbard," and who. It is recorded, died In 1682 at the age of eighty-three. Tradition soys this lady's spirit still haunts ; tho pHce. Her favourite spot seems to be' the old -ban queting hall, where she has been sceriito glide ' fiGiig in a most mysterious, fashion. ' This glicst is also reported to -have , walked ' in Heath Grove; blit was afterwards " conjured down Into a hold' of the river,1 which 1b , even to llfis day known as" Bolies' Pit:" - There is a strange story of the supernatu ral In connection with Hackwood House;' an old mansion near Buslngstrike, In the shape of the ghost of a young lady, said to have lieon murdered there. Sho was seen -soon after tlie house was purchased by Lord Bolton, by Lord Bolton himself and two of his friends. The ghost of Barbara Villiers, Duchess of Cleveland, is said to haunt Walpole House, ..-.-j Chlswlck Mall, rind hor spirit appears at short , Intervals at a bcdroorii . window In tho uppec ;- part of the -house, wringing its hands and be- f ; . soochlng some .unknown person to "Give her bock lier lost, beauty." , ( Five .feet Is tho nfiulmum height of the Russian and French conscript. The total length of the streets, avenues, bou levards, bridges, quays, and thoroughfares of Paris generally is set down at about 600 miles, of which nearly 200 aro planted with, trees. As a complexion preserver Mrs. Langtry was at one time, and may still bo. a firm be liever In the bathing of the face with water ns hot us could be endured, and she uses no face powder. . 