A Maniac in a Signal Box. There are many episodes in the life of a railway signalman that might form interesting reading for your subscribers. I caunot wnto about ghosts, for during my thirty yeare experience as a signalman, I have nerer encountered one, notwithstanding that quite one half of my duties have beon performed in the night and some of them in very lonely places. Tho only apparition i ever saw was one of real flesh and blood, which caused me ench extreme agony of mind during its con tinuanco that I am not likely over to forgot the circumstances. Away back in tho latter part of the sixties I was stationed at a level-crossing signal box on ono of the northern lines of railway, whore wo had many cullors— some to ask tho time, others to beg a drink, and a fow even craving food or shelter. I well remember tho Christmas Eve of 186—. Snow had been falling all day, and at six o'clock — my timo for going on duty it lay upon tho ground to tho depth of fifteen or sixteen inches. It was with great diffi culty that I managed to arrive at my post at tho proper time. Whilst I was preparing to tako charge, my inato said : ' I expect you will have a very quiet night, for I hoar they are blocked ur- with snow at llainhead and Wellfleet.' Rainhead and Wcllfleet were two important junctions, and a block at those places at any timo meant a serious delay to tho traffic, but on Christmas Eve, with the extra traino to contend with, it amounted almost to a calamity. My mate was a truo prophet for on tho depths of snow becoming known at head quarters an order was issued to Bhunt all goods trains at tho various stations as thoy arrived to keep tho line as clear as possible for tho passenger trains. In the ordinary course of events wo had only four passenger trains passing through our station during the night, ono of them being the mail, duo to pass at 2.17 a.m. Tho two paasongor trains, due to pass before mid night, although both were late, had passed by 1L30, and, not expecting anything moro before the mail, I mado a pot of tea, and sat down before tho fire to enjoy it. Everything was as quiet as tho grave except for tho sound caused by tho wind blowing through tho telegraph wires. At tho witching hour of tho night I sat looking into the fire, seeing many fantastic shapes therein, and thinking of tho old folks at home, wondoring whether I should ovor sit down to another Christmas dinuor with them, when suddenly there was a startling sound behind mo. Tho noiso was caused by tho door boing opened. On turning round I saw a very tall, muscular, and rospoctably drossod gentloman. But, oh I what oyos ho had. Thoy reminded mo of cold drawn stool, and they wore continually on the move, hero, thoro, and overywhoro m an iustant. They fairly hold mo Bpollbound. Addrossing me ho said, ' Good evening, signalman ; a beastly night to be but in, isn't it?' ' . Before Icould mako any reply, ho proceeded to divest himself of his gloves . and overcoat, walked up to' my doBk, drew the Btool- from boneath it, and sat down ; thon lie stretched hiB hands ovor tho stovo. The impudence and ' sang-froid' of tho man completely took away my breath, and for somo timo the 'only thing I could do was to sit and stave at him, fascinated by thoso awful eyes of his. After, a few minutes had passed he got up, turned to my train book, took tho pen in his hand, and was about to write. This was tho key that moved mo, and brought back my senses, for hero was a perfect strnngor about to interfere with my duties. I shouted. : ' Stop that, guv'nor ! What businoss havo you hore this timo o' night.?'' Ho roplied : ' I am Mr. ? (mentioning tho namo of tho chief clerk in tho.ofllcP of the superintendent of tho lino). I'm sent horo to tako charge of tho signal-box during tho pass ing of tho 9.10 mail train out of London. It so happonod that ~ I wap personally acquaintod with tho gentloman whoso namo ho had montionod, and, of co.urso, I know ho was not tho porson he represented himself to bo ; so I said : ' Oh, you aro, aro you P That won't do for mo. If you havo any .authority horo, you must walk up io tho station, rouse tbo statiou-mastor, and bring him baok with you.' ' His reply. was to walk to tho door, turn tho koy in tho look, and thon put it in lmpookot. Turning to mo ho said : '.'I do not roquh'e tho aid of the station-master to -assist mo in per forming what I havo come hero to-do. What I requiro and demand ' is that you will show mo how to manipulate tho signals so that I may bo proparod to perform my task,' From thes vacancy of his oyos and from soveral of his actions it suddonly dawnod upon mo that I must ' bo locked in with a madman. Realising my position, my first thought was for tho safety of tho traffic, and, this in viow, I wont to the telegraph instrument with tho intention of informing my mates on either side of mo of tho dilemma I was in. This intention my visitor oasily frustrated- by tho simplo .method of drawing mo away by main force. Ho fixod his torriblo oyos upon mo, Haying : ' Romombor I am in chargo horo until after tho passing or tho mail train-, and 1 will attend to all dutios that aro ?nocoBsary until that' time. What I roquost of you is to toll mo whioh signals control tho up-lino, and whioh tho down- line.', My reply was : 'f I will boo you hangod fir/»t.' * Opposition nmcle him a vory fiend incarnate. He stamped, ho swore, and ho raved until ho foamed at tho mouth, ' and evory moment I was afraid that ho; would lay violent hands upon mo. I (had. boon in ' situations of poril boforo without losing my prosonoo of mind,. but this man soomod to oxoroiao somo subtle power ovor mo, for -whonovor ho fixed, his eyos upon mo I bxporidnood a kind of awo that held ino poworloss, croating in mo tho kind of sensation that can far hotter bo imaginod than doBbribod. \ ' ' ' It was now 1.80, and what' to do' I did not know, for tho Btation was dosbrted by all savo tho station- master and his family, and thoy no doubt woro all Bound aBloop. Tho signal box was situated noarly four hundred yards south of tho station, and a strong wind was blowing from tho north-wost ; BO it was user loss my shouting ; my only hopo lay in somo passer-by calling for a drink or to ask a question. My nuruly visitor was still pressing mo to show him the correct levers, and, as I feared that if I did not do so, he would do me some serious injury, I eventually showed him how to work them. AJ1 my thoughts now centred upon devising some way to circumvent tho mischief I had dono. To get away from those horrid eyes I stooped in front of the stove, nnder the pretence of replenishing the firo. I remained in this position as long as possible, endeavouring all the while to think of some plan of action. When rising from my stooping position I reeoived a blow in the hollow of my neck which knocked mo senseless to the floor. Tho next tiling I know was that I was lying on the lockers with my arms and hands securely bound to my sides with copper wire, such as is used for insido connections. After I had collected my thoughts, I expressed a wish to rise into a sitting position. Ho readily acceded to my request, and evon assisted mo to rise. It was now 2.15, and it could not possibly be long before the mail Would be passing. Hark ! What noise is that ? It was some ono coming up the steps. Relief at last ! In my excitement at the prospect of assistance I uttered tho last three words aloud. Fatal ejaculation for my purpose ! I had no sooner spoken than tho fellow took mo by tho shoulders, and shook mo until 1 was almost senseless, saying, ' No more of that ! If you utter another word I will doublo you up and pitch you out on to tho metals.' Having had somo experience of his violence, I thought discretion tho bettor part, of valour, and remained quiet until ho loft me to go to tho door. As ho was approaching the door, I thought the opportunity had arrived for proving my plan. I immediately stood up and made a shufiling noiso with my feet to attract his attontion. Ho turned instantly and inquired what I was about to do. I replied, ' Noth ing ; but I am cramped, and this wire is cut ting into my flesh. Will you roleaso mo ? He mado no reply, but returned to tho door to boo who waB thoro. It proved to be a tramp, a poor old woman bogging for a drink. I said, ' Give hor a cup of tea,' hoping by this means to gain a littlo moro timo for my purpose. Ho took no further1 notice of mo, but procooded to pour out some tea, and tho moment ho wont towards tho door with it, I quietly made my way over to tho boll instru ment,' got my chin on to tho tapper, and flashed the obstruction (' Stop all traffic') signal along tho wires, and Btoppodbaok to my former position. : I accomplished this without attracting tho attontion of the lunatic^ but- at tho vory first tinkloof the reply bell he b'anged tho door to, rolocked it; and, turning to me said : ' What does that mean?';' Oh!' I replied, ' I oxpocfc ho has received the' Bo ready, signal for the mail, ; and ' ho is giving mo a friendly shako to lot mo know it.' ' You aro lying,' said ho. '.That is tho signal for the mail and you aro trying to mis lead me.' ' ' % When he found that I did not intend to roply, ho commonoed to pull» over the levers and sot thorn to givo an ' All right' signal for the mail train. ''Man alivo !'' said I, 'what aro you doing r Tho gates are across the lino. (There was no interlocking ia-,. thoso days.) Go arid close' them to the road, or lot mo do so.' ? ' , To, my great' amazement ho, unlocked tho door, throw it open, saying, ' do 'tts you like about it.' I managed to reach* tho bottom, of tho slops without falling ; but I found tho gates woro bound togethor with a coil of strong wiro, and it was impossiblo for mo to movo thorn. About four or five ynrds from tho gates an iron railway chair was turned upsido down and fastened socuroly to one of tho raotals along whioh tho mail would pass. A fow minntoB after I reached the ground, I saw tho mail train coming, cautiously around tho curve, tho signalman at tho Bignal-box in tho roar having, as I aftorwards found, sent tho train on with a ' caution signal,', after warning tho drivor that he must not, under any oircunastancos, ' puBS tho homo signal at our station until ho had had communication with me. ' / » When I saw tho train coming I started off to meot it, and, whou noar to it, I shouted to the driver to stop. This ho did throwing tho light from his hand lamp ovor tho sido of tho ongino to soo who it was that had stopped him. On catching sight of mo ho nailed ^ out to his fireman : ',' Hoy,- mato ! Look horo ! Hbro's a roll of Yorkshire, bacon walking about the snow.' Both quickly dismounted, and unbound mo ; and tho guard corning up to ascortain tho causo for tho stoppage, I mado them acquaintod with tho facts of tho oaso. ? . . Owing to tho oxoitomont I had pnsBod through no doubt I was not very ludid in my explanation ; but as soon as thoy oempro hondod tho dilemma in which I had boon placod, thoy all. tliroo mado ? off for tho signal-box to sooui'o tho man . boforo ho 'could do aay further mischief, tho guard taking tho wiro with which I had boon bound with him, Whon I arrived thoro I found that thoy had hoisted my visitor with his own petard, for thoy had him securely bound up in tho satno manner in which I had 'boon bound, and his logs firmly tied together^ Tho station-master was arousod. Ho stayod in tho' signal-box with us for tho remainder of tho night. Tko first porter to arrive iu tho morning was diapatohod to tho villago for a oonBtablo, and on his arrivrl at tho station, tho domontod oi'oaturo was handod over to his custody. In the courso of tho day wo aqportainod - that ho was an osoapod lunatio from, tho county asylum. Ho had boon missing for four days. Wo woro also informed that ho had boon a olork in tho goods department of ouo of tho largo railway companions, and that his mind had bceorno unhinged in consoquonoo of his having boon crossed in lovo, hia lady lovo having jilted him at tho last momont for whfit she oonBidovod a hotter man. Tho most romarkublo feature in tho wholo oaso was that tho young lady who had jilted 'him, togothor with hor husband and Homo friondH, w.oro .travelling in this particular train ; .but whothor ho know of this, and if so, how, has ovor ramainod ,'a mystory. Lord: Solborno was tho unpaid lawyor of tho pooiy and again and atjain spent hours of precious timo on thoir bohalf. It happonod throo tirnoB in tho last two yours of hm lifo that ho was addressed an ' Earl Solborno and Sons,' and .ono of- thoBo olionts bogan by stating that ho oonld not pay, ' but troubjod tho firm, knowing that tho Earl was honest for, a lawyer.' \ 