THE HEIRE3S OP FAR2TEL3IGH CHAl'TEB V. (Continue), . c AN OLD LETTER. Thfl next morning Marcia depanei. No one vent with her to the station. It miirht excite suspicion if Madge by any chance found out th.Ht although her deslii a ot was supposed to be Jfussat-liusottH, she was tnking a ticket at a differ. ent railroad for Maryland. ? ' Good-bye, dear— good oys, caned Mrs. 13ald I win from the urea gale, as Marcia stepped into I the o«b. I 'Good-bye, Marcia,' said Malge, half longingly, I as she handed in her satchel. ' Write and tell me I all about your good times, wou'r you ?' I ' If I have time I will Good-bye ;' and Marcia ! I was off. I When Madge and Mrs. Baldwin returned to the I house the girl noticed a suspiaion of te«rn in the I elder woman's eye. Her own longing for love and I companionship overcame her pride, and she stole I up, slipping her arm rour.d her waist. I ' Mother, let mo take Mnrcia's place now that I we're alonu. Oh, do try to love me a little us you I do her !' she said, in a soft whisper. I 'I will, chil J— I will,' Mrs. Baldwin faltered, I but drew awiiy hastily. I Tho place 6eemed strangely quiet that- night I without Marcia'.s dominating presence. After I dinner Rlndjre settled herself before the ltirnp with I a book. Mrs. Baldwin, at n little distance, Hat I before the fire, her iirms foldrd, her eyes fastened I dreamily on the ruddy coals, her thoughts evi I dently far away. I There was no sound but th-» fluttering of the I leaves of Madge's book. Even IIiih ceased as her I eyes fell upon a yellow, creased old letter wedged I between tne pages. She opened it, and without I reading the oon touts, uttered the signature aloud I in idle curiosity : I '? Richard Farneleigh.' I The effect of these simple word? on Mrs. Bald I win was, however, sufficient to make her start I up- I The woman had' leu pud from her seat with a I cry, hud faced her in an attitude which, she re I membered afterwards, expressed both guilt aud I defiance. I 'What did jou say— what did you say? I What do you mean by that?' gasped Mrs. Bald [ Win. I ' I was simply reading the nnnie attached to I thiii letter,' said Madge. I Mrs. Baldwin snatched it from her hand, I 'An old love-letter of mine— from a mun I who— is— dead,' she gasped, and flung it iuto the [ fire. '? Never utter that name in my presence i _ ?_ I, _i- ? ?j . ? j .jii.. ? i_i* .i [ ngHiu, bur hhiu ; uuu aner wutuniiig mo paper until it was reduced to a charred wisp, she went j out of the room. , I Afterwards she leinembered that Marcia had been toying with thai book when they looked at the old letters. ' If she had read it !' she thought, in terror, 'Oh, if she had!' CHAPTERV I. ASUBPRISE. '?Are you for Farneleigh,. Miss?'- ' --' Marcia hail alighted at the sta'ioni and 'wii&' looking round expectantly when these words were spoken in a deferential voice close beside her Exultation shot through her as she faced a nejjio ccacuman in elegant black livery, bits baud to his I tati . i This was the fbst visible evidence of the sumptuous life which was to be hern, aud as she I sat in Miss Abby's brougham waiting for the cuachman to get her trunk ohe fairly revelled in the dreams which teemed iuto her braiti. - I The satin. padded brouirhum, the satin-skinned bursts, the digninei coachman, prepared hor for the beauty of Farnnleigh, when, after Hn hour's drive, ic caine into view. It was a fine old place of vine-covered grey stone, with mulliuned i window i and arched doorways; a beautiful .park, miles in area, stretched away from it to a pic turesque lodge and imposing gates with high lamps. Mftruia was a born gambler ; hers was a nature to delight in hazard, and, driving up to this old I home, to which she had no shadow of right, she ! felt, instead of fear, a delightful sense of danger, | which seemed to touch her brain as if with a i delicate, reviving wine. j ' What is there to be afraid of ?' she mused, ! as she took in all the cultured beauty of tho fine old park and distant view of Farneleipb, with the sunset's fire flashing in the western windows. 'They will «,ever discover the cruth; Richard Farneleigh is dead without a doubt, or he would not have kept silence all these years, Madge Farncleigh, having been left with mother when a little thing, has no memories of this life, this place, or tho noonle here. And what do I bring as oapital to .this business enterprise of mine ? Youth, beauty, good manners, blood every bit as good as the Farneleighs, and a clever brain. Oh, I'll be the beautiful Miss Farneleigh in good style— tho belle of the plabe. Some day all this wi.lbe mine. : An tlderly housekeeper in stiff black silk re ceived the newcomer, aud led the way up to Miss Abby'« room. 'Miss Farn-iLitfh was so sorry not to be able to ro and meet you,' said Mrs. Roche, as she shouk her keys* with an authoritative sonnd. 'But she had one of htr nervous headaches yesterday, and thought she'd be bettor to-morrow if Ae didn't risk too much to day.' ' I'm «o sorry she's not well, said Marcia, in hoc unftest tone. ?' I'm dying to aeo her.' They passed along a dark toned corridor, where h few exquisite statues gazed down at her «- pallid, silent beauty, and stopped before a room wlioae mahogany door stood ajfir. Marcia -*w the firelight upon the polinhed panel*, arid the aioina of orange Pelroe floated out appetizingly, 'You'd better knock and go in a'one,' wuM Mrs, a«one, with a cheery nod. ' 1 am sure your *unt would rather meet vojujw.' MareinMbeysd, arid even her bold heart u'ave * mtte quiver of nervouH eJecHenwnt as die -waited ior the summons to enter. - 'C ? me in,' Aid* gentle voioe in response to uerknook. , ? , ..; v«i Miss Abby, iooking* little worn from the pain *ho hud suffered, -sto6d; hear1 the- heartHrugi '«:««'!» upon her «we; Sho made an exquisite pi'»nre of patrioian r«fioeraent. and MaroU'H-q''** *»*f took iu cvt-ry detail— the high-bred, gentle features, the stately poise of hetd, the fin* qu^ty of the lustreless silk in her full, plain skirt th e two splendid rings upon her veined, pale hands, he real lace at her neok and wrists— nothing was lost to her sharp, comprehensive eyes. Miss Abby^'s simple, loving soul was evident as she gazed at the newcomer, aud her lips quivered with eagerness. Marcia made a beautiful picture in the firelight, the gltiKms playing over her dark blue, close fitting gown, lighting up her clear-cut face and the glitteripg coils of her goldeu hair. ' Aunt Abby P' she said; a tender inflection iu her voice. 'Oh, how strange and how dear it is to call you Annt Abby 1' and sho held out her bando pleadingly, impulsively. ' My dear, let ma look at you ;' and Miss Abby drew her into the glow of the red lamp, letting her eyes, behind their gold eyoglasses, rent tenderly, inquiringly, on every feature. ?' S« you are Madge Farneleifrh, my niece-Dick's child ?' and her voioe broke. ' You remember nothing of tbis old house or yonr father, I suppose ?' ' No, I wish I did,' said Marcia, half-sadly ?' You see 1 was so young— o&ly; three when' ? ' Yes, of course, my dear child ;' and theu Miss Abby suddenly drew her to her heart and kissod her on the cool cheek aud smiling lips. ' I don't look at all like papa,' said Marcin, d;earuily. ' Mrs. Baldwin says so. ' Do £ look like tay mother ?' 'No,' said Miss Abby, still scrutinising the girl's lovely, cold face, ' you are not a bit lifce either of thani. I'd never know yon were a Fame leigh, never.' * Murci'i-elmost felt inclined to laugh aloud at these wo^ds, but instead she affected a half reeretful smite, us she took Miss Abby's hand and laid her cheek against it. These words did not warm Miss Abby's heart as might have been expected. Why did she not take the stranger in her arms, tell her how lonely she bad been, and how often she had longed to look upon her face during the sad, silent, years since her brothers' flight ? Mr. Evartsoa had written her an account of the girl's poverty-stricken life with Mrs Baldwin, and every tender impulse had been aroused within her as she awaited her arrival at Farneleigh, bnt somehow she could not lavish upon Diok's child all the love she had held in store for Dick. Miss Abby could not understand this coldness, and took herself to task for her lack of response. But there was a gulf between herself and this strange girl with the hard blue oy.es, so unlike the Farneleigh bine. With a sense of disappointment she felt it could never be quite brideed over. ' My dear,' she said, taking Marcia's hand* in a vigorous clasp, ' I'm an old woman, and T dou't enthuse much, but when we get to know each other better, well be quite inseparable, I'm sure. You're very welcome, to Farneleigh.' She held up her cheek fora kiss, and Maroia laid her lips dutifully upon it, while mentally deciding that she didu't like Miss Abby at all. ' An old, fussy thing, with a vinaigrette and a headache all the tune, I suppose !' was her con clusion. , ' I suppose you're tired,' said Miss Abby; and she touched a bell In the heavily wainecotted wall I near by. ' Hannah will see- you- to your,room, and then you pan come down and havt a onp of tea wi'h me, I always dine late. And, oh, by the by,' she said, as Marcia tamed to follow the ser vant, let Hannah lay out your prettiest frook. I'm going to bars a guest tonight, and I want you -to look yonr best.' Am Mania followed the ooftly stepping: maid along the halls' sbe could have executed ft pat^ de tuel from pure (dw Oh, what Madge : Farneleigh had miiwed, and whnfc she had gained I Bvery thinp delighted her- the very, way the servant opened the door anil then stepped hack for her to enter, the eight of the rosiny logs in the defep old fashioned ?fire^laee.lhe satin hung f om-poater bed in a corner, the antique secretary well supplied with stationery on which the Farneleigh crest shone, the flowers picked from the fine conserva tories making musses of color in the place and filling the warm air with the fragrance of spring, wbilo outside the great small paned windows she saw the romantic, park Rtretchi.,g away, the bare bmncheB of avenues of treus brushing the amber and copper of the west where the sun was sotting on the happiest day of her life. Oh. it was all lik« a page out of one of the novels she had Wed to lie in bba mid read I Matcia ulnwst pinched herself to try and realise that this was all real, and s,he was not dreaming. When tea was over and she was goinjr to dress for dinner, she turned to Miss Abby, and said, with well assumed wistfullnexs : ' There i» one longiuir I have— to see my father's picture* Aunt Abby. Can't you show them to in-- ?' ' Of cuurse, my dear. Come with me.' Miss Abby went slowly, leaning on her cune, down the big hall to the big, delightful study, aud over to the dt-Bk iu the corner, reluming with a minat re on which her eyes rested tenderly. ' rhisin vour mother's picture, Madge,' said Miss Abby. ' Isn't it a lovely face ? Artists both here and abroad— for sbe travelled a greit deal with your grandfather— ravwl over ner. Ah, she was a beauty indeed. It required all Marcia's self-possession to keep the exclamation which rose to her lips from being ultersd.. She felt a shadowy fear seize her. She seemed looking into Madge Farneleigh's eyes. It seemed as if Madge, in a pale blue brocade, had ant for that picture. ? ' If Miss Abby, or the lawyer, or any one who ever knew tbis woman, should see Madee, I'm afraid— I'm afraid it would be a poser for me,' she thought. But Mies Abby's eyes were upon her, and snm moning her natural audacity, she touched her eyes with her handkerchief. ' And shall I never see her — dear mother ?' she said, musingly. ' To have died so young, as Mr. Evartson told me, it wan very sad.' Fearing further questions, Miss Abby moved towards the door. She had no desire to unearth the old mystery which hung like a shadow over thehouse. ' Come into the picture gallery,' she said, hastily. 'You'd better take one of the candles, as I seldom have the place lighted.' They crossed the hall, tamed an angle, and after passing between heary, red curtains, entered a lonjf gallery, whose tall, uncurtained win lows shone with an eerie greyneas at the farther end. The place was gloomy. As Mareia held the candle aloft, and «aw tbe rows of canvases looking down at her from the high walls, she felt oecaliarly dis concerted, as if she were being stared out of coun tenanee. ' ? ? ? ' If these haughty dames and gentlemen could cry out the were not one of them, that she had no right there! Their glances seemed cold, and sbe felt as if ghosts were whispering around her. i After ft few moments, Miss Abby halted before a canvas near the empty fireplaee. '' This is yonr father, my child/' she said, iu a ?oft voice, pointing to it. ?, ; ' Harcla looked intently at !the pictured face, so handsome^ passionate, the browa almost -meeting in a jealon« line. It was only fancy, but bis dark jgtey eyes seemed looking at her in condemnatiou. ' Mr. Evartxon seemed to know nnthlng posi tively ot -fait fate.' said Mttroia, Rowng at hiw regretfully, a little sigh triokiiug from her lips. '.Perhaps, perhaps he is still li» ing souw where ?' . . ; ?». No,7 said Miss Abby, abruptly, a upasm ojf paiu crossing her face ; ♦' 1 know that he it deodj Mr.' Evftrtsou did not tell you. My child, your father ?died in ?'foreign land, telling me to eoftreh Cor you i ? 