THIE TCUUF. Wallsond races are to take place this af ternoon. Patrons of the leger reserve:on the New castle racecourse will beo pleased to hear that the commlittee of the Newcastle Jockey Club Intend snmaking more alterations to the building. It is proposed to reiplace the staircase and to re-open the top seotion. The Newcastle Jockey Club has a credit balance of £1000, out of which it is pro posed to expend £800 on the now stand. The position of the club is highly gratify Ing to the committee, and it is safe to say that not another club out of the metrojolis can boast of such a healthy statement. The prejudice of London " Truth." against the Australian horses may be gauged from the fact that Its sporting writer, who is laughed at by all.good judges, omitted to refer to the victory, of Nowhaven in the City and Suburbai IHln dicap, though he had never tired of warniing .backers that the Australian had not a '"ghost of a chance." Mr. " Bravo " Jones has a couple of two year-olds engaged In the English classle events. One is by Ayrshire, and the other by Cnrbino from Pelf. The Earl of Crowe, who recently marrlod Lord Rosobery's daughter, has a colt by Carbino in training at Kingsclere. The Earl was present at Kingsclcre last month. when the Carbine colt 803 badly beat 405 t(by Carbine); and four other two-year-olds, including Amnesty, by Carbine. * At the A.J.C. committee meeting on Thursday, an inquiry was held into the run ning of Prince Carbineo i the Rosohlll May Handicap, as compared with the form dis played In the Birthday,Cup, and after a deal of evidence had been beard, the explanation tendered was. considered satisfactory. At the request of the committee of the Manilla raco meeting, the A.J.C. commit tee have removed the term of suspension from riding Imposed on Edward Rose. From the Distressed Jockeys' Iulnd the ,following anounts have been voted by the A.J.C.:-J. A. Dolanoy, £5; W. Currn, £10; and J. M'Hugh, £5. The metropolitan horse Wingello roached. Nbwcnstlo yesterday for the purpose of ful filling'his Wallsend engagements to-day. Brighton pony races, which were to have 'takeln place on Thursday, have been post poned.until Monday next. Mnllitha, who hit one of hlis knees very hard nt.llandwilc, l1is been turned out for a .spell'at Clyde River. .. .Klora. has been struck out of the A.J.O. I'lurdlo IRace, to be run at Randwick to day. The 'June mooting of tile Atstralian Joo Iuey'club' s' to take place at Rnnldwick to The next meeting of- the Hawkesbury Race Cluib Is to taklt pllace at .Rosehlll on i, The racing mare Miea lins heellpurchased by Mr. R. IJenisol for 75 glileas; n . O : n . Entries 'for the 'Caulfleld 'and Melbourni Clipsf all.duo oon Monday' next,. The yearling silter to Screw Gun nOatt True Blue has been nained 'Foeld Rose.''. '. Thie 'A.J.O. comlttl hve hv Iremoved the: 'di)squai)flcatloln Imposed by the Associated Clubs in 1500 'on the Jockey lE. Tricklebaluk for :malliractlce.. ' " * The racehlorse IBurllelgh Is ulder marchl. lng orders for Singapore, having been purk chased by Mr. II. Roberts. . Muscatel, who is lhndlcalpped at lOst Dib for the; Oreat. Northern Steeplechase, won tile Wanganul Steeplechooe, of 300 sovs, a tow. days ago, from W\'allngaroa, list, and nvo others.. , The monthly meeting of the Newcastle Jockey Club wanshold at the club rooms on Thlursday night last, thoepresident nll tile Cchlilr. lA large business sheet was disposed of, The tendoer of .T. tind W. 'Cowan wan abcepted for erection of' eow grandatand, the work to bo'e olio undel the supelrvision oft a competentn matn Tile variouls nrohl 'telts in' the city to jbe requested to state their'terms for saupatvislng thle work, nd eno of ,them, to be selected at a special maceting called for, Thursday. nighit next. Thioe Improvement cnommlittoee weelee ompow credI to makl the necessary alterations and 'conlvlenicces Ii older that the ulpper story of logoer,stnlid-may bo 'utillsed. A' nulboer or acconits were plused for payment.. Tho commlnnttoo erocalvcd the resignatlo' of 'Mr. ,U; Flshor as cldrk of ioalds,' with regret. ,Tlio president and thoe whole ofthe gontllo mnll present spolte In terms of praise of thile 'exeollciit manner ii \hiluh Mr. Flshl r had done tile work for the past six years. MIr, T.F lilshor was nppolited to' the posltion va cated :b' Ills brothier. Tilhe secretary was empowered to instituto proceedings against a person who had used the saddling pad dock w.thout paying usual fee.. , , Tho, ull progranulle of thoe Newastle Jockey Club's race ineetlng .to boe held on loeferelndum Day appotrs Ill another column. The list s as. follows:--Opening Handicap,' 5o0 sOV, three-qunlarter of ItI nlle; Pace Wel tor, 25 sovs; thlroe-quarters of a mile; Fede 'ral'Handicap, ' 00 ovs, one mile; Park Stakes, 2 livoev, tlhroo-quarters of a milet -ioforndllum Handicllap, 110 ovs, seven fltr loilngs;. Entriod) close oli tho':1ithl' ilstult, aid.'?weoghts are promlseld :,on h le 1thll Instnrn t, , h , " . ' 1 ." , . ' ,1 *..' 