THE B6RR0WINQ iKJiiii. (By 'BOONDI.') ? ?V:'' '..V \|j'iN' itihi course of that *7~1~Pjfl STWaA most excellent '%%%& «? § ^ fatherly advice vJP sp'l which . old man yvt 'Z G' g Polonius gave to '\A\V$3 , '? $ = Ws son Laertes . ' \N|i ; . , ( -j*M . ?. . (and . which,: do ^^J isT^V^s. doubt, that young ear and out at the' other, after the manner of sons ?\v-lio are a bit too clever), there ran the following wise a n d w eighty words: 'Neither a borrower nor a lender be: For loan oft loses 'both itself ami friend: and borrowing ??dulls the edge of (husbandry.' All ?tliat a loving father need say in the way of good counsel to has son when the lad is about to strike out in life's war fare 'on his own' is contained in the brief jtmt unrivalled speech alluded +o, and the ' ipity it is 'that wo do not hear ic given far \oftener ihan we do. It is a gem amongst gems, and it would be well if every father read it to his boys morn, and night — even though he had to oniit part of tbe family prayera in order to cram the devotions finto a reasonable length of time. W. Sbakespea.ro was sound on the 'father' question (although, like one or two more fathers of 'the present time, he didn't al .'ways practice what he preached), and he wrote most of his plays -with a far higher object in view than that of enlightening a tnan how he could get away with his neigh bor's wife, and subsequently get rid of IheS, when possession had dulled the keen «dge of desire; when (to put the matter in anore ihomely words), the gilt had been rubbefd 'from the gingerbread, the bloom was off the rye ! ? The inuendo play is a thou sand tiniest-more dangerous to-morals than all the plain, undiluted business of a brejssy ballet or a gorgeous leg-show. * * * * Catching on to chat doughty, daring squad known. as Jinc, Borrowing Brigade, it is- al- Bnitted itiat /^her.e are times when even, the -best;6f men' and'' wisnen ..may stand in need of temporary financial ^assistance, but with tthose we have nothing1' to do to-day. Our ibusiikiss is with 'those who are borrowers lonly; those who repay ?about as often as a tomcat voluntarily goes to sea, or a 'I-o- .main squatter' takes a Turkish bath. Some ;-of *hose 'ear-biters' (as we say in the :'*M-lue room' at Guv'ment 'Ouss) are so de ? Jighitf ully cool ! and. inipTideht in their bor rowing ways that if one could afford it, the advancing of a loan to them might 'be fraught with -a deal of genuine amusement. Could anything be more charmingly hu BDorousthan'the way that light and airy but terfly, Mr. Hai-old Skimpole, behaved when ihe was 'took,' as the little maid of 'Bleak ?House' pax it — 'took sudden' by the burly ''bailiff of 'Coavinses.' 'Are you arrested ;for much ?' asked sympathetic M!ss Sum imer'son. 'My dear Miss Summe-raon,' ex plained the -sinilhig Skimpole, 'I. don't know. Some ipounds, odd Fhillings, and (halfpence, I think, were mentioned.' 'It's .?£24 18s and 7d ha'penny,' said the bailiff, gruffly, 'that's wo't it is.' 'And it soufids,' 'said Hri' Skiinpole with refresh ing innocence — 'somehow it sounds like a 6mall sum.' On that occasion Mr. Skim pole was inexpressibly pleased on being eble to borrow the amount named from a person he had never 'tapped.' before, and fo the glow of his delight he ioH Jus bene factors that he 'preferred a novelty in [help,' because it enabled him to 'develop generosity in a new soil, and in a- new form of flower.' He never intended io repay the money wnicOi Miss Sumnierson had raked together by^the stritfte^fc scraping and Berimping-for several years, lie was one of those wofully weak persons who are like empty sacks; so long as you stand by and Ihold them up they are all right; but:the anomenit they ai'e lefc to themselves' do^'u ihey flop as limp and helpless as a sick kit ten that nad just been' dropped from the top of the Town Hall. 'He'll be in the same ecrape again next week,' said Mr. Jaradyee, -who knew ail about Harold the Poor, but Happy, from 'bitter personai experience. 'He's always in the same. scrape. I verily ibelieve that the announcement in the ?news- papers, when his mother was conuned, was 'On Tuesday lust, st her residence in Botheration Buildings, Mrs. Skimpole of a son, ia difficulties.'.' ?.. ? ? ?;??.'? ? ? v '? * ? ? a * . ' The character jof ?Skihipole- was ' drawn' from life — he was a Hunt, too; poor brainy, brilliant Leigh Hunt, a king in the realms of literature;, a simple child in the 'sordid ?world of cold- caih. Everyone had met Skimpole in seme form or ocher. He called, on me some time ago, just 'before the breakfast hour, and, almost breathless from excitement (bogus excitement, no doubt), tordered me to let him have ~1 at once as he .?was about to -receive a good 'billet in a Government Department, and wished to make 'himself present-able in the way of dress. He wouldn't stay -to breakfast, he .'wouldn't even sit down, 'but kei-t prancing laround the room like an old sore-toed rooster tramping on Jiox tar, so great was Iris frenzy «to gvt -t-he coin and rush' off to secure his fine appointment. When I told [him I had only £i in the house, and that was urgently needed to buy boots for the children that very morning, my Mr. Skim pole dropped on a chair as though he had been shot, and throwing cut his arms in /wild indignation, exclaimed: ''Vvhat ! Do youmeaji to tell me you can have even the ghost of a doubt about lending me a. paltry ipound so that I may secure a State ap pointment which may lead to fame and for tune simply because your confounded chil dren w^jix, boots .?. What the devii have I Sot to do with your children '. Let 'em go barefooted, they'51 be all tbe 'better for it; fcut, for Heaven's sake, dont delay me Iwith your idiotic ?ba'bble any logger. Think how you'H.fte'Irifycu'ifiul I ha vo lost this golden opportunity through being delayed by your senseless chatter. The pound, ?nan! The pound I' * ? ? * ? ' * ' * ?? , Illet him have the pound for. peace sake, and, ajbout dinner-time I was passing a pub. tbout a hundred yards from my house when & cheery voice rang cut from the billiard room door with a shcut of 'Jack! who d'ye think is in here ? Old W ? ! Picked him up just after I left you this morning; took him in 'here to 'teed the snakes,' and here we've been :playing and boozing since. Come and see the old boy, and we'll make a day of it.' 'And about that billet ?' said I, more in 'sorrow ithan in anger. 'Oh, blast the (billet I' -was my -Skim-pole's prompt re ply. 'Base is the slave who works a day ! Coma . right in; there's some of your .-. 'quid' left, and W.'s as . full of :golu as .a. WackfclloTy's dog is Soil : of fleas !' The 'quid' ia question Bias- -not yet 'been returned; but 'it's all right' Skimpoie himself has said sc. He Bias '.said 'it about 45,000 times already, and !he looks- as though he expected me to re turn 'thanks, and perhaps lend him another pound, every 'time ne 'restores confidence' by his' cheerful remark. ;;?;-.??? ?-'??? Some chronic borrowers seem to be (Bieve -that they confer a favor on Iflueir frienlds by 'tapping them for a loan,' end a refusal to grant it overwhelms them ?witb indignation for what liiey consider fcbeir friend's base ingratitude. Perhaps the Inost numerous class of borrowers are those iwiio love'-newspaper reading at the expense of. thrir n-:ir;a-T-r5: ?Iany of these will eend iu fa.-, i..^ ;uo:-:iii;'g ;j-x;)5:- the moment 8t has been pushed' undier your front. door, Ibut their promptitude in returning' it runs In an inverse ratio entirely. The coolness of those, parfies.7-would chill the heart of a. Ealamander.- 'Return youri faUier's paper !' ? exclaimed one. of 'them, as he glared with twild astonlsliment at the little messenger Ibefore hini. 'Wihy, tell him I've. not had lK fi&\t an hour; in fact, I'm only now at tbe- leading article. Ask 'him to send across to Jones, lie chemist, and 'borrow his I' A .Very b#a'iji'Hfui' stbryVlk -told 'of : a cerbain' editor who. died in the odor of sanctity jCflavored [vtlth xxua. and, oniftnsi , and, . who,. JStefore ^terittgv-Paradfs'ev requested to be iBhown round 1S9; sultry I'j^erritory opposite, pfihis being jagi^f&d;^to, the; good mau',.'wlth an, angel for iis guide, weni-istrolliag through Bneol, -.but-v bfefore-i long^'he strayed away from his c^e^aT companion, and when the ^tter firtm'd aim ag^ln he. was fanning hini Self witit^-Ids1 new '?wMte- -wings' before the ftcr£test';grfn in the place, and gazbig witTi tetptaroUfe Joy at ihe multitude of sHrieMng fcrners'^40j,were being carefully, 'done to ?the flery furnace' yrag a bra^e.n sigai' mark- ed: 'Por/DeIiiiquenit- STj;bsciitfers an-d, 'Botr. rowers of. Newspapers' Only !'! , And as tbe delighted.' Pressman; laughed loudly ^ agid pelted the jusUy-punished'' ^rntcn-e^ ' witi' junks of sulphur, the ari'gel. angrily, shoutied:' 'Here, Mr. . Pastepot,' this will never- dpj. ibuStle r'ouiid,' or the pearly g*te« of Heaven will be closed against' us I'1. 'Not nie,' chuckled the other. '? 'You go aheftd and tell St. Peter I'm. not cOming. This is Heaveji oroufirhfoT -ine I' - ? ' ' ' ?''..' »'.???? * ' « ?'??? ? The most vexations of all borrowers, ?however, are those. pushing. but thrifitess. parties who are. con'tfmially 'sending: next door' to 'borrow grocferles, clotain?., toiols^ and alniost .ev«ry'thing else 'that a hjouse contains. Luckily I . 'have no ; personal experience of. this annoyance whatever, ajl my neighbors being . iiulllonaire3,; and. far more ready to lend than' tc-. borrow. Biit a . respected lady friend informs me that she has already had to leave , two comfortable houses, and remote 'to aiother suburb, simply througih the ruinous borrowing, pro pensities of her neighbors. 'They seemed -to think 1 kept a produce store,' -remarked this persecuted lady, 'and. to bave a full share in a large miHinery emporium as well. One woman actually sent ni to know if I would lend hermy best hat to wear at a wedding, and I eaw her at cEur'cli last Sun day with one of my skirts which ' sh6 fiad borrowed three months before. ]'f Shark Is land were for sale . I'd buy it io-morrow, and out up barbed -wire fences and sink ?torpedoes so as to 'be protected fr'oia those borrowing bores '!'' ' * « ? « Bailey says he once met, his cid friend. Chalker, carrying a large looking-glass under his arm, a clock, a kerosene lamp, and a cockatoo cage under the other, and wearing the worn and weary look of a man who 'had just been created a C.M.G., or picked off a wreck at sea. On seeing Bailey poor Qhalker carefully set the lamp on the ground, stacked the other things. against a fence, and sorrowfully said: 'Your're T«ra derin' wnat's come over me, 1 s'pose, so I'll: up' and tell you the whole fearful story. I'm on the move. -Movin' out of one of the ?best houses, and away from one oi! the best landlords any reasonable being could wish for. ? I was eight years there, 4yd I: might have stayed for eighty more only for those cursed boTro'win' beggars next door. About six months ago one of those galoots who -be- lieve in a series of sudden an-i unexpected' Judgment Days — Second Advent crowd, you know, moved into the 'house next, door that old Podhuntet left, ®nd pretty soon the. family dhummed in with ours, and began to nave religious revelations and run short of flour, and find a vacuum in the tea-caddy, and develop a strong desire to take our clothes out for an airing on their own backs, and carry on to such a pitch that I saw there was only two 'things le-ft— either to take the whole caiboodle in to live with us or clear out and live somewhere else myself. And so, ,-as the Seripchur advises:^ of the two evils I choose the EtMo- one1.' ? ' * *?'.#.'.*.?.: ... ;'That was migity rou'gh cs. you, old man,' said Bailey, sympatho-tically, and then the tired man stacked himself against ?the fence and moaned: 'Roug/i ain't 'tie name of it. It was -wuss then in1 in' in an ?earthquake country. First they borrowed a little sugar, as 'theirs: had got lost in the movln', and then they wanted a little tea and four cups and saucers, and some spoons, and half-a-pint of milk/ &nd; baby's feedin'-foottle, as -theirs had got liruk in the cartin'. That was pretty good for a 3tart; ?but, of course, accidents will happen even in the best-regulated removln's; and so we sent along -tne thinigs, which, by the bye, ?have never 'been returned, because, as that lantftTh-jawed old frump explain.*:, 'What's ?the use of tea and sugar and herb' season- ings, and such like' vanities, when the ''bominations of erbominaftiGns is-at' hand, and Heaven and earth will be -withered up like a pair of oM boots in a bonfire ? » * ? ? 'About a week afiter 'the first ra'jd the bilipus-lookin' man's dowdy wife came shuffling in, with her down-at- the.- heel siippers flapping at every step, and told us owin' to Judgment Day bein' fixed for- the 2f»th, she didn't see the use of layin* in a stock of candles, and would we lend her a lb., and a couple of candle-sticks also, as she h-ad none but silver ones, and they were too good to be mussed all over with the grease from cheap itallow dips like those she saw we were usin'. 'There'll be plenty' of golden light for us all over there,' sez she, as she pointed at a 'boat factory chimb ?ley at the back. 'Light seen as no man's eye Qiaith ever seen ! ' I was about to ask .where she. 'got her informashun from,. as my. it eurahce- payment was due- on the: 25&, and I didn't see the fun of provvdin' against fire accidents in this world wft?ri I was go-in' to take risks in another one so soon; 'but my Missis ohiipped in witih a very neatly-turned hint that we were short of ?groceries, and pay-day was a long way. ;off, and a few returns of .previous favors would toe welcome; but, Lord lovs you, old man, .the Mis;-s1s might 'as well have saved her 'breath to cool her porridge, for all, that that untidy 'woman before hrer could- ' jrabWr about was clouds of glory, . 'a'cd ' anjgels' wings, and golden harps; ?and;-as there were only -six candles in a lb., perhaps , we eotild lend -her eight, and to save her the trtnSble of another call. She got the eight 'dips' at once, the Missis be-in' afraid tb-at if she de layed any longer she might get an ord-*r for eighteen. * ? * *???'-.-? 'Just here the sorrowful man paused to kick a bob-tailed .ips 'tlrst Avas: smelling round, the clock 'to .see if 'it wai.:.^e^.r l.un.-lh. time, and then sliding down till ae_reacheil a seat on the ground, 'th'e weary'in.an. slghe'd and said: 'Day in. and day..QUt' tbat' long haired fellow vvifch the complexion of 'a specked lemon and the conscience of, a goat v-rns, together wirJi most of his .'.'family, ?either repaitin' 'their ascension aiids with pieces 01'. stuff borro-\ved from the Missis, oj they were, makin' war ujioh the kitchen goods, until one Sunday Vne fir&t; robber of the crowd came in and said, he would be doin' a grievous wrong to those he loved so dearly if he bought a shaving-brush on. .-the eve of a general resurrection, and sp he would use mine, and be thanjkf'il for a. rizpr also — if I had a real good' one iu the houic. 'You'll be the gainer, you knaw,* said t'he pious jackals, becdz over, .there (indicat ing the top of a steam laundry with a long, dirty finger), over there I'll give- you' a siiavia-pot inlaid 'With precious .-- tones, and fairly wallowin' up to its handle in golden friam.' He got the lot, of caiirs3, and. then ?wemt off warblin': 'Oh, -w.onlt' it-.'be, joyful to be there.' It will— if he is. in' '.be bakery round the corner.. ? ' ' ' ' ' . . . : 'Next day 'the fellow 'borrowed my. axe, and 'Tv-Bite be -was usin' it, and stogtn' 'What'll 'th' harvest.be V the bandje broke, and the head fell, down an old biind wen about forty feet deep. And. noy,-, wHat.d'ye tliink he did then ? Cllnibed over the ;baok fence and said it would be flyin' In the face of Providence 'to buy an axe with ttte- crack of doom j^tarin' us all in the face, and so he'd trouble me to -send one of. my kids' across to the blacksmith's and borrow ftis. Ttat was the last E'traw^ and after niy ?vrife ihad scalded him for calling her darlijig cherubs 'lcids,' I fired him out on' tus. ugly head. Nonv. I'm movin' into' a .fcou'^e. .that has a gaol on one sa.de of it and a gravey'ard on the otbier, and the mote of :the bprrowiii* boodlers that's -lodged., on. either .side t3?e more I!ll laugh, an' k^ck, an', yell .... with joy.' --' ? ? ' ? .:-?? ? . ? . ? :-... ;? 