The BREACH OF LIMERICK. A TALE OF THE WARS OF KING WIL * LIAM. \- j ?_ B* Robert D. Jo*ce, M.D. (Jpr'UttHi expressly for the Freeman's Journal ) CHAPTER IX. ( Continued J Ifc which Shane of the Rock Stabs a Ghost and ReDMOND TURNS A SoMBhSAULT AND FALLS INTO the Arms of a Fairy Woman. In which also Redmond and the Profbs3OR of Legerdemain Go on a Search and Meet a Roving Cava lier. Redmond saw by the manner ot the Fairy woman that he could get no information from her at the moment, so he, tco, left the hut and climbed up the bank o£ the green level above, from which he could see the mysterious old fairywoman hobbling with the aid of her staff down the glen. He immediately set ofi in the direction from which he had come, with a mind filled, in spite of himself, with gloomy forebodings, and approached after a brisk walk along the shore of the river, some dis tance above the two castles. After descending the steep upland she sloped down to the narrow strip of shore. He took his course along the water's edge, and soon came in sight, of. the scene of his late combat, opposite which in°£ne cool stream several of his men, among whom was the professor of Legerdemain, were now bath ing. Below the spot where they were p. r forming their aquatic evolutions the stream swept rapidly through a narrow channel, at the end of which it widened into a deep whirling pool overshadowed by a shelv ing crag of limestone. Down the aforesaid channel John Merryman .Dempsey was after swimming several times into the whirling pool, and there per forming for the amusement of his comrades some some select capers in imitation of an enraged dol phin. No v, however, as Redmond neared the scene of their gambols he heard a sudden yell of pain, and hastening down beheld John Merryman Dempsey after striking his knee so as to disable him against a rock and then being swept powerlessly down the channel-, struggling for life with the whirling waters of the deep and treacherous pool. Most oi the men were bad swimmers. Besides they had lost their presence of mind at the instant, so suddenly had a'l happened. Redmond, therefore, on seeing howaffiirs stood, ran swiftly down the side of the channel and 'sprang, accoutred as he was, into the p;ol; just in time to catch the professor aa he was about to sink for the third time. «? Keep Gteady,' exclaimed Redmond, as the pro feRRor floundered about and grasped blindly at him. ?? Keep steady, I say, or I shall have to let you sink.' . The professor at last seemed to comprehend his situation, and kept quiet while Redmond, grasping him by the thick black hair with his left hand, swam with the help of the right towards the bank, upon which both were immediately assisted by the men who now crowded. down to the spot. John Merryman Dempsey soon recovered, and the moment he did so manifested delight thereat, not withstanding his hurt knee, in a series of profes sional antics round the green that soon restored their lost merriment to his companions. Leaving them to their amusement Redmond crossed the river and ascended to the castle under his immediate command, before the hot and ample fireplace of which he soon got rid of the water he had been drenched with in saving the professor. The shades of the night were now descending, and Redmond was still standing before the iovial fire when John Merryman Dempsey walked in, saluted and accosted him. 44 1 tell you what, sir,' said he, ' only for you, Munster would have lost its brightest ornament and best adept in the occult arts this evening.' ?? That wjuld be a loss, certainly,' remarked R d mond, laug'iing at the self-importance of the pro fessor, ' and now I need not say that I am glad for your sake and for the sake of the country in general that I suved your life.' 'You did save my life,' answered John; 'but did it not occur to you that you risked your own at the moment?' 41 No,' said Redmond, 4'I never thought of that when I saw you sinking.' 41 Sinking, indeed it was, to a watery grave, sir,' resumed the professor gratefully, ' and now I have come to tell you that I think somehow I was only half your friend heretofore. You remember that we were speaking some time ago in the fastness of Rathkern about your father's murderer. I now tell you that my mother saw the deed done, but at the same time she would never disclose to me whose hand did it. I now propose to leave your hospitable garrison to go in search of my mother, and when I find her, mark me, Captain, if I do not get the name of the murderer from her my name is not John Mer ryman Dempsey.' ' ' Stay,' said Redmond, ?' what kind of a woman is your mother ? I have not seen her for the last half-dozen years, and cannot remember her.' The professor gave a quick and accurate descrip tion of his parent. 'My God!' said Redmond, 'I saw her this evening. Fool that I was not to bring her here and make her disclose her secret.' And then he re counted to the professor his adventure with the fairy woman, and described her in return 41 It is she,' exclaimed the professor in surprise. ' Trust me, Captain ; I am now your friend through thick and thin, so I think I'll set out after her.' 41 It is useless to go now in the darkness,' re turned Redmond. l4 Wait till tc- morrow and I will accompany you.' The morning ,came, and Redmond, after leaving the castle in command of John of theJRock, and giving several directions to Suil Gar how to act in the other stronghold during his absence, rode away accompanied by the professor on his black steed towards the fairywoman's hut in the glen. The ashes were cold upon its hearthstone when they ar rived, and there was no indication that the owner of the hut had slept there during the preceding night. ' What are we to do now r' said Redmond, with a look of disappointment. 44 1 know some of my mother's haunts,' answered the professor. 4lLet us descend this glen and ride out upon the plain towards Lough Gar. She lived in the old castle there by herself for some time, and perhaps she may have now returned to it in order to hear some conversation with the Darone Sheea. You know it is a favourite resort of the merry chil dren of the air.' ?lI have heard so,' said Redmond laughing, 44but they may carry your mother away before we reach there. However, let us make no delay in riding off,' and with that he left the hut, sprang once more upon Grey Ronan, and followed by the loquacious professor, who was an excellent horseman, rattled away down the valley and out upon the broad and undulating plain, On gaining a high up'and that looked towards the valley of the Morning S^ar, a stream that runs from the eastward and falls -into the Maig between Bruce and Croom, they halted for a short time to observe the country they were traversing and then rode down into the valley. They had not gone far when they observed a single horseman riding towards them by the oppo site side of the stream. He came at full gallop, and as he drew near they could observe that he wore armour and that he sat his steed with that graceful and easy carriage that marks the perfect horse man. Redmond and^the professor halted on the edge of the stica n to observe his motions and aspectmore closely, Thi» he soon gave them an opportunity of doing to their hearts' cont'ent, for after approaching in full career he made a^japid circuit of the level inch or shore at the other-side, and coming straight on as if he were about plunging across tho stream, he drew up his horse suddenly within speaking distance of Redmond and his companion. ' 14 Whom do you fight for, King James or the Stadthholder ?' asked the strange horseman in a clear, bold1 voice. ?? By what authority do you ask that question r' answered Redmond. 'By this,' said the stranger, slapping the hilt of his sword. ' Besides, you are two to one, and thus I think my inquiry is a fair one. Whit's your name, and whom do you acknowledge King ?' 'By my faith, but it is a fair question after ali,' returned Redmond, seeing the justice of the stran ger's remark, 4lMy name,' continued he, 4- is Red mond of Rathkern, and James is my King.' 14 James is my King, too, fair sir,' returned the stranger, 44 and my name is Galloping O'Hagon,' and with that he touched his horse lightly with the spur, cantered up the stream, dashed across it, and shook hands with Redmond and nodded haughtily upon the professor who returned the salutation with a profound obeisance* Leaving them together for a time we shall in our next chapter return to the adventures of Sarah Gor don after she had been taken off by Aaron Snaffles. CHAPTER X. In which Aaron Snaffles Throws his Conscience overuoakd, and endeavours to .?et sail tor the Port of Matrimony. In -which also he is Wrecked, and his Intended Consort Piloted into Limerick by the Fairywoman. Two courses remained to Aaron with regard to the concealment of Sarah Gordon. One was to introduce her secretly into her own house and keep her there in durance until affairs had turned out to his liking ; the other was to remove her out of the neighbourhood altogether; When Aaron resolved upon the latter course he acted upon it with a vengeance. Sending off hid accomplices to where the rest of his detachment bivouacked in the woods half- a-dozen miles away, Aaron, with liis now insensible prize supported firmly before him on the saddle, dashed away like a fiend through the darkness of that terrible night, the black clouds above his head rolling in torn wrecks through the sky, and the wild blasts like thousands of sleuthhounds sweeping madly around him as he sped, or yel'iwg close behind with hoarse and savage voices on his track. He was not taking the course he pursued on the night he first marched from his home at the head of hi* followers, With unslackened speed he went riding down and dashed across the Ford of Garrie. a fierce frown and muttered imprecation from him J marking his remembrance of the defeat he had there | met with, and after waking the echoes of the stoney defile beyond with the clang of his strong steed he then 8 wept away in a north-easterly direction over the plain. After riding for a mile or so another stream crossed his path. Without heeding whether it was deep or shallow he directed his horse obliquely down the sloping shore and dashed across the water, which went splashing over both him and Sarah, some of it falling on her still pale and inanimate face, from which the cloak had partially fallen. The cool water revived hev somewhat. She opened '; her eyes, and when she felt herself thus whirled away, she knew not whither, through the darkness and the storm, and thought of the terrible scene Bhe had left behind, a longwand agonizing cry burst from her, the piercing and heartrending tones of which made even the ruthless Aaron tremble In his firm seat as he swept along. After some time he approached the grey troubled waters of a lake which lay spread out distinctly be fore him, with a dark barrier of low* abrupt hills - looming over its further shore. Hiding partly round it he came under the shadow of the hills and right oppositt a huge ruin of a castle that stood upon a small island in the lake. Between this island and the shore there intervened a narrow strip of water, into which Aaron now cautiously led his horse and began wading onward. At last the svater became so deep that the horse was forced to swim for some perche?, but again touching the bottom the brave animal waded onward and reached the little island on which stood the black and ghostly ruin of the castle. Aaron now dismounted, and taking Sarah, again half-insensible, in his arms, he bore her onward under the huge doorway of the old ruin, and at last deposited her on u stone seat of a small chamber, in which a bright bog-deal fire was burning. Sitting before this fire was an old, grey-haired man, who stood up respectfully to receive Aaron as he entered with his prize. 41 1 have brought her,' said Aaron, as he placed Sarah on the stone seat in front of the fire ; 44 and now Shallurc Holdforth, I will leave her in thy care till the morrow.' 14 My son,' said the ancient Shallum, 4II hope thou hast spilt no blood in obtaining the maiden.' 44 On the contrary,' answered Aaron, 'I brought her forth from the 'devouring flames and saved her. Thus you will see it was the Lord delivered her into ray hands. With thee, a preacher of the word, she is safe till my return. Farewell, end take heed that no one discover thy retreat till my return on the morrow.' And Aaron, who did not wish for reasons of his own to hold any conversation with Sarah Gordon just then, left the chamber and mounted his horse, which was quietly cropping the herbage outside. After swimming his horse to the mainland he rode at a brisk pace round the shore, and then taking a southern course along the dark plain, at last gained the wood, where the men under his command were sleeping around their camp fire. 4- Poor maiden,' said Shallum Holdforth as he removed the cloak from Sarah's head and muffled it around her. l4 Thou seemest weak and chilly. Turn thee to the fire and fear not, for no harm shall come to thee while Shallum. Holdforth is in thy com pany.' These words, delivered in a kind and assuring tone, seemed to revive Sarah to a certain degree. Still her memory seemed to have forsaken her, and mechanically obeying the old man she turned to wards the warm blaze of the fire. At that moment some dry brands that had been heaped around the fire fell inward, making a whirr ing and bright blaze that mounted- upwards to the ancient chimney accompanied by many a cracking spark. The sight of this suddenly recalled to her mind the frightful scene from which she had been torn by the relentless Aaron. A cry. of intense anguish burst from her, and she would have fallen from her seat had not the pitying Shallum Holdforth caught her in his arms and supported her. (To be continued.) 