SATURDAY, 20th MAY, 1890. It is wilh great pleasure that we draw the attention of our readers to a aeries of debating, musical and elocutionary competitions, which a number of our local-literary and debating societies have arranged to take place during the month of July. As a means of stimulating interest in literary and musical effort, the idea of these competitions is one worthy of all commendation, and we doubt not that the call f-c.-assist ance by the committee of manage ment will be responded to with a liberality that has always been characteristic of Suuth Melbourne residents whenever the cause has been one deserving of support. The text book of the compelitions shows that liberal prizes are being offsred for tests of superioiity in vocal and instrumental music, essays, orations, senatorial displays, elocution and a choir competition, a range of sub jects that should prove both varied and interesting. The services of most competent judges will be se cured,and the committee of.manage ment in the arrangement of details incidental to the competitions arc animated by an enthusiasm which may be taken as a safe augury that' no effort will be wanting to ensure the success of the prcj >ct. The forthcoming competitions are an experimental venture in amusement of an educational kind that deserves encouragement, arid it is gratifying to note that §uch men as bis Honor the Chief Justice, Sir John Madden, and Sir Frederick Sar good have ex tended their patronage, as well as monetary assistance, to a scheme which has for its object a compre hensive system of mutual improve ment. The eloquent add'ess re cen'lygiven in South ftL lbourno by Hon. Alfred Deakin breathed the tiue spirit of action that should animate members in such associa tion?, and the desire to excel which is engendered by friendly rivalry should prove a potent factor in ad vancing the best interests of all the societies taking part in the compe titions, as well as bringing to the surface a lot of latent power which otherwise might remain undis covered. It may be assumed that (he majority of those taking part in many of the competitions will be native bom, and in that connection there is suggested the question, what the coming Australian will be so far as mental faculties are con cerned? Without enteu'ng into any dissertation on the subject, it may be Raid there is foundation for the belief that he will be a fine specimen of the human family. TTnder the free skies of Australia, and its sunny scenes, we may pre sume that he will be imaginative, full of poetry and blessed with the inspiration of freedom, while the strong literary character that is being developed fiuds a nursery in such praiseworthy institutions as those by'which the furthcoming competitions ha ve.been inaugurated. John Stuart Mill, the great political economist, (ells us ''that tho worth of the state is, in I he long run, the worth of the individuals composing it," and in carving out for them selves the destiny of this great island continent, our native bora must, in playing the part allotted to them, be prepared to give as much atten tion to mental development as to success in the field of sport or physical prowess, for which, as a nation, we are becoming quite famous. In these days of lightning progress and superficial learning, the importance of literary culture is fre quently overlooked. We are too apt to imagine that because we pos sess public libraries, institutes and museums for the study of art in all centres of population, good headway in the matter of progress is being made, but such ficilitus may as often prove a hindranco as a help. The chief object of culture is not merely to fill the mind with other men's thoughts ar.d be tho passive recipient of their impression of things, but to enlarge our individual intellects, thereby rendeiing us more useful and efficient woikers in any sphere of life to which we may.be called. To such an end no more beneficial factor can bj calUd into operation than our lit >rary and de bating societies. Through mind rubbing on mind there is produced a polish of intellectual activity that leads to brilliant results, and the same principle applies, in an extend ed form, to the foithcomiug co'-npe titions, which deserve Ik arty en couragement from all classes of the community. Mr. Heydon, head teacher oE the Dorcas street State School, lias apjli d for a trans fer to Richmond, and a stucessor is required Tor the vacancy thus created. The local Board oE Advice are now s-eking to have a head teacherf,Appointed specially for the Montague sijhbol, wliieli at prcicnt is being worked in conjunction with DarcfiR street. About 30 members of the Djreai street Young Men's Guild visited Wjlliamstown 011 Thursday evening las'", at the invitation of the Presbyterian Literary Socit ty. Part of the programme was rendered l.y the membets of the Guild. A baseball match between South Mel bourne and East Melbourne will be plaved this afternoon on the South MelbourneCricket Ground prior to tho football match which is the attraction oF the day. Stendet'd Sjuth Melbourne City 13;md will play favourite selections in the pavilion les^rve during the afternoon. The unhappy woman, Mr.1. Youngman, who was found guilty by the ccronet's jury of the murder of her ten year old son in Reed-street, Albert Park, on Saturday-last, is receiving all the attention that is possi ble. Great sympathy is expressed for Mr. Youngman, who occupies an important posi tion in the city. A case of more than usual importance is to come on at the Police Court this morning, when the charge against a young man named William Mills of assaulting Constable Vaius in the exocution of his duty will bafurther dealt with. The monthly concert and dance in con nection with the South and Port Melbourne Tbistle Club took place in the To.vn Hall on Wednesday evening last, when despite the pom-ins; rain, a bii; audience put in an ap pearance. An excellent programmed Vocal and instrumental items was gone through to the thorough enjoyment of everybudy present, and as soon as Iho hall was cleared dancing was carried on with greit spirit until midnight.. The Mask Party in connection with the Albert Park Assembly,on Thursday last, was a great bucccsh, no fewer than 115 couples being present. The President (Mr. Geo. Lister) is providing light lcfrcshments tor the ladies next Assembly night; and on loth June a novelty in the form o£ s-n Apron Party comes oif. The c'ub are giving a pair of kid gloves to the lady wearing the mcst original apron. Mr. James Smith, of " Grcllibrand Villa," Hambleton street, Albert Park, has reported the loss of some jewellery valued as £3 10s. Entrance to the premises is said to have been made by menus of a skeleton key. The usual Queen's Birthdiy meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, which takes place at Fleniington onVWednesday next, will prove an/interesting-afternoon's sport. An attrac tive programme of events has indued owners to respond with liberal entries, and given line weather a big attendance may be confidently anii;ipiled. Householders run considerable risk in leaving front doors open, and Mrs. J. Archer, of SI St. AHncent's Place Nor; h, has found that out to her cost by missing a fur boa valued at £7 7s., which wai stolen from the hall sta'id where it had been left hanging. The most striking illustration in this week's issue ofPunch" is a full-pa^c portrait of Kail Beauchamp, the N.S.W. Governor, who was welcomed in the city of harbors with such eclat last Thursday. The prize coupons in connection with the doings of the Australian Eleven in England are now a feature of our comic contemporary, and on 30th inst "Puuchs" history of '• George Keid, the Father of Federation;" is promised as being something worth waiting for. The work of repairing the approaches to the steam ferry at the wharf end of Claren dou-street is a crcdtfc to the Gitv Surveyor and all concerned. The engineer of the Harbor Trust (llr. Ilalliday), by which body pojtion of the work has been paid for, speaks in the most flattering terms of the manner in which the job was done. Influenza, in a mild form, is somewhat pre valent just now. His Worship the Mayor (Or. Coekbiil) has been a sufferer dudug the past week, but he is now recovered, and pre sided at the Police Court yesterday morning, when the only business deik with wai a few uuimportant debt cases. The many friends of Rev. Father Robinson in this district will regret to learn that he met with a serious accident a few tlayi ngo. He was riding liis bicycle in L msc'.aVe-sireet, when the machine skidded, and in the fall he ruptured ihe internal ligament of his ankle. He was removed to St. Francis' Pres bytery 11 jar by, where Br. O'Hara was called in itntl set the aukle in plaster of Pari*. Father Robinson is progressing favorably, but it will be some tine before Ue can resume his ministerial duti;s. A fire oc:urred at the two-sloried shop of Sir. Joseph Davidson, 27 Clarendon- street, shortly after 6 o'clock j esterdav morning. The damage done wna not considerable, being estimat-.d at about £12. The South and Port Melbourne Fire Brigades were promptly in attendance and rendered good service. The premises were not insured. On Friday evening, 12ih iust., the mem bers of the St. Auselm's Literary and Debat ing Society, Middle Park, met, the subject of the evening being "Impromptu Speeches." The chairman, Mr. 'J. Gillespie, gava a linmorous sprecli on " Bashf ulness," which was very amusing. The other members of the society dealtadequatel.v with their subj-.ct>, the system adopted being a fine test of "spe«chmaking." . The Port Melbourne Exccljf)r Dramatic Club, which has been in existence for many years,and has attained high repute in amateur circle?, wil oil Tuesday, 30tl\\. May, give a performance of " II*mlet •' To stage a Shakespearian play bas been the ambition of the club for some time past, and there is every reason to believe that this ambitious eifort will meet with success, Mr. Chas. Dillon is to personate the Prince, and amongst the other performers are many South Melbourne amateurs :—Miss Maggie Garnet (Ophelia), Mr. Chas. Mayne (the Ghost), Mr. T. M'Gil ton (I'olonius), Mr. T. O'Counell (Laertes), and Mr. CJeo. 0'Toole (King o£ Denmark). Dr. Nield, Mr. J, F. Cathcait and Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis have signified their inteution of being present. The performance will bs re peated on each subsequent Tuesday evening so long as the attendance will warrant it. The Excelsior Hall is at coiner of Bridge and Princes streets, Port Melbourne. 