[the storyteller. THE WAT TO ELDOBADO. By LILIAN TURNER. CHAPTER L Nora said dismally that she did not be ieve there was any way nowadays o£ mak ng a fortune, except by finding lost wills, knd she was growing tired o£ searching or them. Jane, who had slipped into her teens the >revious day, and was consequently" don ling serious airs, was heard to say dis inctly that finding wills was all rubbish. This perfidious speech made Nora feel if the golden stream by which they two lad played was suddenly ice-spread; and Tane, her sharer of thoughts and inspira ions, was skating away into another world. Tane had a sharp little face, and a deter nined chin. Until to-day she had worn ter hair in loose curls like Nora around ler neck and shoulders. To-day she had nade it into a thin wisp of a plait, and ied a bow of black ribbon at the end of 'I don't believe there's any way of mak Dg a fortune, except by working," Bhe said iedatelv. George laughed at her—and George was 'ourteen. "Getting rich would be slow it that rate," he said. "You little goose, rou—wait till you know a bit more of the vorld." 'Yes, wait till you know a bit more of ;he world," said Nora. "You think be lause you're thirteen " 'Look at mother," interrupted George, canning, as was his way. "Does she cork?" Jane wrinkled her forehead. She had lot calculated that they would both be gainst her. 'Perhaps hers isn't the right sort of cork," she said. "Just teaching. How she'd gone on the stage, or been a-cook? Phe book at the Royal Aims gets twenty ice shillings a week, Maud Jones says." George dropped his book, and swung him el£ up to the bare deal table. On the call opposite to him hung a fryingpan, a :olander, and a row of-saucepan lids, lie lind was a small dresser, with rows of hick white plates. In about an hour he could have to reach the plates down, Nora could set the table, and Jane- busy herself ver the more serious matter of eatables. Phen their mother would come in tired and chitc from her music lesson giving, and hey would all sit down to the Jittle kitchen able and have tea. But just now there cas George swinging his legs and looking >s if lie were determining whether to speak >r be silent. He had a trick of talking reryrapidly when excited, wild his eyes] vould shine as he spoke, and his whole ace look so bright that people would listen 10 i ni> even if ht were speaking rubbish, • it; °™n did., He alwaya'had some de ightful plan for finding'a fortune for hhn ieir and his family. Once—some months { igo-now—it was a case of hidden treasure | ,1 - I across -the stream that ran ] )eiiind their cottage' home.. .And be .made • ■raft, and took a clothes-prom andshiled „ W-. Jane and Nora ^ejat' by land, end net him on the other aide. Be told them r,!Lkn®w of a cave- where five years age i™?e bushrangers had planted their bdo'1,, a u\at the police had been searching r!^Z^ere» it was of no use, George * cw* because thekuBhraager httd eenthma ^letter, confessing hit secret. 0f course, raen they arrivedthecave was in tbo me condition as Mother Hubbard's «u»-. board, and Jane and1 Nora were very ■ ter, he told them he had discovered a 8p»d mine. It.was on the other side of, the stream, of course. No one could rea- ■ sonably expect to find anything rich or rare m the land on which they lived. George drove pegs in, and told his sisters he would have to dig to a depth of forty feet. And he, worked at his Bpade till the perspiration rolled down his race, and he came to a rock. When Jane and Nora saw the rock their anger rose. To-day, he told them, he didn't ' believe much in hidden treasure. From all he could make out people always went awhy in ships, and had mutinies, before they found their treasure. And as to gold mines—they were worked out, in Australia at any rate. Now, he had another plan. "Finding a will?" Nora suggested, with a half-nervous glance at her sister. "No," said George; "finding a will is all very well, if your own name's in it. But you can't be sure of that. No, I believe in saving someone's life." "And getting a medal!" said Nora, be ginning to flutter. "No; a medal's not a fortune," said George. "Take old Mrs. Pontifex, now. 'Spose I saved her!" Mrs. Pontifex was a lady of generous dimensions, who lived in a large house sur rounded by park-like grounds. She drove in a handsome carriage with a sedate coach man, and she sat in an armchair on the small platform on prize- giving day at school. That was the extent of their knowledge of her. Even Jane's eyes shone at the magnificence of her brother's thought. Then, like a cold shower, came a thought. "But," she said, "how can we save her if " "Of course," said George, hurriedly, "we've got to get her into a hole before we pull her out. But supposing her horses were to bolt now, and5 the man couldn't stop them, and she was yelling aud howling, and I dashed up in front ana hung on like grim death. Strikes me that looks as if I'd be adopted." "But," said Jane, "where do Nora and I and mother and father come in, eh, George?" "I know," said Nora, softly. She nodded her head and fixed her blue eyes on her brother. "Better than saving Mrs. Ponti fex. " Better than anyone. Old Rufus Castledon!" Only she pronounced Rufus "Wufus." At her words both George and Jane held their breath. Then George whistled. "It might bring ub all together;" said Nora, timidly, "aud fetch farver back from the mines." "And we might all go and live at Red house," 6aid Jane; "and ride in a carriage and mother not teach any more." "It is to be considered," stated George. That the idea pleased him was to be seen from his eyes. Rufus (Robert) Castledon was grand father to the three, and reputed to be one of Australia's wealthiest men. He bad quarrelled with his only son after Nora's birth, and to the children he was. little more than a mighty name. His anger had robbed them of everything in the world except a tiny wooden cottage of their mother's—their present home. It had driven their father to the gold- fields and turned their mother into a bread winner. Still, Rufus laughed on at Red house, where George and Jane had both played—long ago. And in all the district there was no word mightier than his—no name held higher. "It is to be thought of, said George, "how to get the old gentleman into a hole and how to get him out again." CHAPTER II. It was George .who led up to the great subject after tea. His mother was lying on the home-made sofa, Nora and a doll pressed close to her. "For a bit of love," Nora had whispered as she cuddled down. Jane, to preserve the dignity of her mature years, was sitting bolt upright on a chair, a scrap of sewing in her hands. And George was marching up and down the little sitting-room—just as his father was wont to dp when in perplexity or trouble. "Tell us about the time when yon took Nora to melt Rufus Castleden's heart, mother," he said, after a thoughtful three minutes. "But I have told you all so often," pro tested his mother tiredly. "Even little Nora herself knows the story better than I do, I believe." "I forget the ins and outs," said the boy mendaciously. "Go on, mother." "Do go on, mother," said Jane. "Yes. Once upon a time, mother—go on," urged little Nora. Airs. Castleden laughed and sighed. "Weill' she said, pressing Nora closer; "when Nora was only a wee toddler, lisping a few wordB, father came home one day very tired, and began to walk up and down, up and down, this very room, just as George is doing now. And he was very unhappy, and his heart was heavy, because his father would have none of him; and he did not know how to get enough pennies for mother, and George, and Jane, and his little Nora. So while he was walking and worrying a: thought came to mother, and every time she looked at Nora she felt more certain it was a good thought. So the pextday, when father had gone away'-^jr; a ;"wlu%r she" made little Nora look, her very prettiest, and. set out grftfa ber. to Red Houser—r-" ; "Go on," interrupted Geoige: "describe from when .yoii -went in £he fittfefgata." \ "55&t; ldid^not" gp jHu5dughV'!thf gatcfl^be^ugethey are fieavy'and we -went the feficC, and We took the path through the little bit of scrub. Just there, I re member, my knees shook, and Nora would keep babbling to me.— WeH, at last ive came upon toe little straight up to the own den. And I thought I wouldslip - in before he left the there after tea in wint^ ' the screen till he was i door shut; and so I did." r I had planned—without' a hitch. But all the rest happened differently." "You said .yog. had. op a . black dress," said George. ... 1■ V. - "Yes, dear; and my face was terribly white,Tf think." "And when hf saw Nora he just sank Into a-obair efid moaned." - - - - - *Ye8,runta he knew who I ;was: .then, you knew, he openfed the door* ana lifted my baby right outside into the darknesB. And X ram too, because She was so afraid— and then he.lopked the^oorc'/ : - , j "B&t; it. waEMretj funny that he should have thotfhedi&iteia; ^Geoige musingly. " "He thought at first I was his daughter who ran away and died," said'his mother. 'Yes. I know., It sounds, too,", said the boy, ./^ though he's jairaid of'ghb'tfs, doesu'Mt?? I His mother laughed* "He'sn supferslttiohs old man," she said, and she added half-aloud, "After ail his bitter lessons, I wonder he dare go on as he is doing." "And he alwaysleavea the door ajar till bed time." said George darkly. "It is to be cShsideredl" The three put their heads together in earnest talk that night. • .. "If he would only fall in the creek," said Nora, "I could scream, and Jane could fetchropes, and you could jpull him out." "Or, if some bushrangers were about," suggested Jane, "and we could raise an alarm." George smiled darkly. He had been try ing, to show, by a certain grimness about his mouth, that he was possessed of a worthy thought. "What about a ghost?" he inquired im pressively. "Mow does a wailing ghost strike your fancy, Nora?" The girls looked at him. Then Jane's upper lip began to curl. "You won t find Rufus Castleden care about a ghost," Bhe said, glad to be able to show scorn for this romantic brother of hers, who was so given to showing scorn for her. "No; you won't find Rufus Castleden care much about a ghost," said Nora, sor rowfully. George looked cheerful. "First of all," | he said, tapping his left thumb with two ! fingers of his right hand, "first of all, just | bear in mind tnat he is a suspicious old ■ man. - Secondly"—he struck the first j finger—"Secondly, he's jolly well afraid of ' ghosts and death. Thirdly"—here he paused, and his eyes glowed—"Didn't his daughter die unforgiven—after hanging round his door for three nights. How about a moaning ghost, now, Jane?" "You're sillier than I thought," said Jane, "and that was silly enough for any thing." George only smiled. He was looking in tently at Nora. . "I believe you'll do for me," he said, "though it's a pity you're not smaller. All you'll have to do will be dress up in white, and moan. I shall be in black, and keep beating on the window, and saying, 'Let me in, father—my father, let me in!' If he comes and opens the door, we must just scoot." "Do I do anything?" asked Jane, with admiration in her eyes. "N—no," said George; "it is too silly j for you. Nora and I will manage reconcil ing' this family. You can come in for the sugar-icing." 