GEauaoN must be a charming countri to live in with a man like the Emporor William at its head. He is clover, certainly, in many respects, but so conceitedandhair-brained that lthougt he almost ranks with the Diety in his own opinion, he is small-minded to thb inflinitesimal where he thinks his dignity is at stake. At heart he musl feel that he is often a fair object oi derision, when he permits grosa cruelty to be inflicted on his subjects who have the temerity to call any sec of his in question, or lampoon him in newspaper skit or pictorial. He can not stand anything but adulation ol his semi-livine Majesty, and it would not be surprising if eventually he posed as another vice-Deity of im macnlate conception, after the fashion of Mohammed. Quite a nnmbec of reputable persons have been sent to prison within the past few weeks foi lese majeste, the offences being ofsueb a trivial kind that no notice would be taken of them in any other pit of the globe. Last month the editor of a socialist paper published at MLagde burg, in Prussia, was sent to prison for four years for havingpublished a harm less satirical "skit," which was in terpreted as an insult to Prince AVil liam Frederick, second son of the Kaiser. Just previously to that, Herr Iangen, the editor of ahumorous paper, Simplicissimus, and Herr Heine, the draftsman of a cartoon on the Em peror in connection with his visit to Palestine, fled to Switzerland to avoid a long term of imprisonment on a charge of lesa majaste. The caries turist was subsequently sentenced to 12 months imprisonment. The antics cut by the Kaiser in Palestine made the unthinking civilised portion ofthe world lngh and thejudicioagriere, nd formed the subject of derisive skits and caricatures in many parts of the two hemispheres. The cartoon in Simplieissimus was, perhaps, the mildest of them all, It represented the ghosts of Godefroi de Bouillon and Frederick Barbarossa revisiting the glimpses of the moon amid the ruins ol the Holy City, when the latter picks up the Kaiser's helmet, poggaree and all. His fat sides skaking and his mouth agapo with uncontrollable merriment, he shows his find to Gode froi, who remarks: "Stow your silly "laughter. Why, our crusdes hadn't "serions purpose either." An Em peror to take notice of this! About Christmas time lait year an ignorant woman, wife of a farmer at Liebnitz, referred to the Kaiser's visit to Palestine in slighting tones, and the unfortunate woman was at once sent to gaol for three months; while a Social Democrat, who at a political conference made some remarks which were con s;derei a sort of blasphemy concern ing the erratic German god, was sen tenced to six months' imprisonment. The judge who tried thb case knew his master well, for rhile he could not but admit that t'o words in them selves did not constitute any offence, he felt it would not do to offend the Kaiser by letting the min go. The judge, by a species of mental jagglery, found an offence in the asscmption that the politician's worda might be carstrued by his hearers in a surce in. jarious to the E~pe-ror, a:d :he ac?c?ed m-ush therefore ha held guilty! Little wonder that the Social Democratd of Gorranya arae srugg!ing to have the :les majeste edaies in the pIanl code repe-led. They trred 6ca= two or three years ago to get a repeal bill paesei through the Eichetta:;, but .withoct sucees, ar.d they are again bringing forward a similar measure. Their endeavors in this respect wi!l have the sympathy of the ba!k of the civi;ised wor!d. Littls wonder, too, that thero is anarchy in a country ruled by a semi-lunatic, rwhrre the! press is gagged, and where men dare not open their mouths is opposition to groTe wrong4 crried on ncder the sacltion of the ruler, leit they bo cast into prison s?d their lives and prospecte wrecked. Some 30 years cgo a Treason Felony Act was passed in Great Britain, during the time of tOh i'enian didturbauec in Ireland. It was penal under iLha acl to' ay any thing detrimental to the Crown, but it was not long enforced. Royalty may be lampooned and criticised in every part of the British empire with as. much freedom as in the case of or linary folk in political life, and the ampooners and Critics are free. from penalty. The freedom of speech and of the press haalargely helped to make the British empire what it is, and it i= perhaps the greatestof the many bless ngs possessed by all who live under he sway of Qaeen Victoria. Strange hat her grandson of Germany should have euch an antipathy to follow in the path of Britain in this important re. spect. There W ill be a sitting of the Bairns dale Potty Sessions this morning be ore Mr Holmes, P.M.. when the fol lowing persons will appear to answer ch2rges under the Explosives Act : Mr J. C. Dahlsen (3 charges), Mr H. Robineon, and Messrs J. and H. Beesle (Brathen). AMr'Holmes will also pre side over the Electoral Revision Court and deal with the electoral lists for the Bairisdale, Bengworden and Dargo divisione. At the Bairnsdale Petty Sessioat resterday, before Messrs Smith ao Lloyd, Js.P., Alex. Stuart was fined 2s G5 for driving a waggon that had not the owner's name and address painted on it, and Is for earrying goods without a license. John Day and Phillip M'Lsoghlin were each fined Is ifo earrying without a license. Richard Birrell sued Lydia Sibbin for £36 Os Id for goods sold and deliverred, and an order was made for the amount with £2 i3s costs. C. B Irrine sued Francis Anderson for £5 5s, rent due, and ob tained an order for the amount with osts. There was no appearance for the defendants in either case. At the meeting of the hospital carni val committee on Thursday evening, a letter was received from the secretary of the annual niovable committee of th, f.U.I.O.O.F., who had previously en= :aged Payne's hall, stating that the amrnival committee might hare the as of the hall for their ball on one evening during the carnival. The sub-commit tee appointed tomeet representatives. of the Bruthen racing club to discuss the aIteration of thedate oftheclub'sracing fixture, announced that there was every reason to believe that the club would meet the wishes of the carnival commit tee by altering the date of the races. A letter from the police band stated that they were willing to remain in Bairns dale over the 24th March, and' it was stated that the hospital committeo would take them for a.trip up the Tambo River on that day. The secretary was directed to write to the Defence depart ment for the loan of some large tents to ask the shipping firms for free carrige of goods, and the local tradespeople foi supplies. It having been represented that the poorer shires in Gippsland are alarmed -t the qualification put on the Govern ment subsidy that it most be applied'to rosds leading to railway stations, the Poblic Works department states that the terms of the grant render it very difficult to give effect to the intention'ol Parliament, which is understood to bt. he improvement of main rosd, a'nd not of remote accommodation roads for the aenefit of individuals, which the shires .lone should construct. As the defi. ition of "a road leading to a railway station " might be easily strained to an mproper degree, the application of the money mast be carefully watched. To avoid delay, the Minister of Works, as sisted by the Inspector-General, is now aelecting the most nrgent works asked or by the fourth, fifth and sixth class shires, so that they may be put in hand pending the final allocation of the vote or this year. The shires concerned will probably be notified next week what works they may proted with. Is an interview with the Age on the ubject of the diffieu!ty of getting access o theforests for sleeper hewing, Mr A, C. Brabet, one of the principal contrac ?ors for railway sleepers, condemned the policy of the Conservator of Forests in eserving timber from the axeman. Mr iBrabet said that the Wy uYng reserve s now about cnt ont; that the conser vator refused to open the Colquhoun orest, and that there is not so much waste as the conservator complains of. Ir Perrin asserts that the Wy Yang eserve is not ct t o of sleeper trees. He denies that he refused access to the Colquhoun forest, no regular application o reopen it having ever been made to him. He opposes the reopening of the Co!quboon reserve expressly because of he terrible waste which took place in it when open seven or eightbyears ago; and he objects to sleeper hewing gene, rally became of the waste. While he ias no wish to place obstacles in the .ay of sleeper bewers entering the 'wrecked" forests, he opposes their, ;oing into virgin areas. The case was discussed on Wednesday by Mr Perrin nd Mr Brabet, and as the result the onservator agreed to throw open some 18,000 acres of the Coqnhoun forest, east of the Tambo River, towards the nain road from Conioghame to Bra hen; but the nn"mbr of hewera is imited to 50 mru. The will of Samuel Iamilton Irvine. late of Ensay. grazier, who died on July 6, 1S91, has been lodged for probate. The riil is dated October 22, 1592, and thero is a codi cil attached bearing date July 4, 1559. Testator left no real estate, but his personal etatie is sworn at £2210. Lie bequeaths £20 to his aerrant, Christian M'Lesn, and £25 to his old eerrnt, Robert Fenwick. Tae balance of his property is left to his relatiies and friends. A meeting as Lehi at Mr 1W. Whit baurne's hatel, Caonglirenran, on "Wedee?day aveaieg, for tle p;,rpos of taking preliminary stepa in the arg?a;r-A tion of a brass b;nr. 3Mr Frank HAII presided. SIr TE . Pearson, cptaia fc the 3-irnedale Fire Brigade, uis in at tendance, anl arldre-sed th6e merting on tLe benefits of establishiog a gocd band on the lines of the B.irndal.!e Brass Bind. He stated that the alttcr was wiiling to azisit at a caneart to raias ionds for the purpose. The cost of in strumenta, accordiag to Mr W. PFyne's estimwte, woulcd e aboat £70, and it was decided that as effort should be made to form a band. A committee was ap. pointed, consisting of Messrs F. Ha!!, V. Lavery, .. iMurphy, W. Hail, and W. G. Whithourne. 3Ir Lawry was chosen hso. scretary and treosnrer. ft was arasnged that a concert should bo held in the Liidenow Mechsanics' Icsti tote, in aid of Ifnds. All present pro mis.ed to become members of the band. At the request of the Iinioter of ;ines, the Minister of Public Works ins mindo available a sum of £350 oowards improvemount of the Golantipy oad, to be expended by the Tambu Shire Council; £300 for tho road bo tweeu Orboot and Cuaiughame, and 4300 for expenditure between Sunny ido and the United Brothers' mine, It. Wills. The different councils in orested are to bo asked ito send down heir proposals of expenditure at once. The amoants in question aro out of hu £50,000 granted for 4th, 5th and th claes shires. Mr Peacock. Mr Foster and .Mr Taverner, who form the technical educa ion committeo of the Cabinet, have been interviewed by members of the University council on that subject. The council urged the desirability of making dditions to the apparatus and other acilities'for teaching assay work, etc., t the University, so that students from he schools of mines might finish their raining in mine engineering at the University, and receive degrees, which would be of higher value then the diplomas now issued by the schools of mines; while the finishing education of he University would b3 beneficial to hem. Mr Foster and Mr Peacock :poke in reply, and mentioned that the dvisory board of departmental officers ecently appointed to go into details as o the equipment of the schools of ines would famrnish a report on the question now raised, and arrangements would be made for a conference between -he board and the TTiversity. The local health oficer at Stratfoad has reported to the local board of health hat a Government railway gate honse n'Stratfordj in which all the memberc Of the family are suffering from diph heria, is totally unfit for human habit. ion. Saml. Weatherley and Jas. Diamond wore on Thursday last at Heyfield each ined .l20, or in deaault three month-' mprisonment, for having on January S carelessly set fire to the Heyfield state. Weatherley's fine was paid SA mn named John aecfarlane was ound by Mr Dan Rshilly lying at the edge of a waterhole at Glenmaggie at So'clock on Wednesday morning last. :Te had been thrown from his horns while jumping a fence, and had crawled o the hole for water. Ho was seri nusly hurt and almost speechless when discovered, but is now progressing atisractorily. Mr W. H. Osboro, watch maker, formerly of this town and Chiltern, at tempted suicido by shooting himself with a revolrer on Wednesday last at Corow (N.S.W.) He was placed under ar rest and conveyed to the Corowa Hos pital, where an examination rerealed itathe had held a revolter close to his left breastand pulled the trigger. The ballet, a small one, took a lateral and downward direction. Osborn is likely to recover. Family disagreements are t ated to be the car s of the act. At the request of the Djargo High Plains Miling Association the Avon shilo council has applied to the Govern m.ent for £600 to constru:t a road from the Main Dargo to Grant road, into the Dargo High Plains, a length of 12 m.iles. It is contended that this road would reduce the price ofcartsge to the .miiing population, and tend to open up the gold-fields. The conneil is unable to contributs to the work, and asks for _n nneonditional grant. The Minister of Agricltureis arrang iag with the Police department so that m.embers of the force throughout the olony will act as inspectors under the Fertilisers Act. Samples of msnnres will be analysed by tho Government gricultural cbemist free of cost to the prrchasers, and in any cse where the analysis does not correspond with the ,tamped certifiate which the act pro vides most be put on the bags, then the nus of prosecution will be undertaken hy the inspectors. A meeting of the committee of the Bairnsdale District Pastoral, Agricul tural and Horticultural Society will be held at the shire hall this morning Taro weatherboard cottages owned by Mr G. Barton, and eccupied by Alears Macafee and fullett respec ively, Sale, were totally destroyed by fre on Wednesday night. The fire started in Mr Macifee's house. Ht *as the only person in it at the tims. The furniture was insured for £100. A Caninehame correspondent says: -Concern is felt at the disappearance o a fibherman named Fred Jacobsen from his camp on Gipsy Island, near Liughton's. He left a note stating hat his mate could have what he had oft in his hut, £9, and that he was ired of the place. It his feared ho has fallen a victim to melancholin. A earch is being made for him. Mr W. G. Payne vas on Thursday evening presented by the members of he Blirnadale Brass Band with a iliver-mounted pipe, in recognition of iis services to the band. Four ladies have just passed the Vic orian Dantal Board and been duly rgistered. One of them is Miss Alys ::rry, the daughter of the veteran Sir Graham, who will no doubt draw the eeth of Liberals and Conservatirrs with perfect impartiality and equal satis action to both. A lad named Thomas IVakrham, 14 years of age, residing with his parents at East Bellan, was bitten on the finger ly a snake, at about sundovwn on Ioo lay afternoon. Sonm dilay took plics i bringing the boy to Mr C U. Salter, i3 R.C.S, who, after 10 o'clo:k, cor encd vigorous treatn?nt wi:h chloride f lime and strychnir.e. Treatment was aotinasld throcghout the whola of Toe Tay, but proved nnavailing, and the lad died at 11 o'clock on Toe-siJy niglt. Acco?ding to an Englieh exchange the brightest of the seeeches made at the Lyceum meeting of the Theatrical Ladlie' Guild recently was that of Mrs Beerbohm Tree, to vhemrr was ilottt-d the evidently congenial ta-s of propos ing a avte of thanks to the prese. " Mrs Chairman ans d ladics," i rid ios Tree, "oa I was leaving home t'!s mcrninZ, b3ond Gc my ;r:senL hbp;py crranel, my little four-year-old Foli:ity accosted me. * Mother, where are yen going?' ' 3y darling, 'I anseredl, feeling vaguely important, ' I am goieg to propoi a vot! of tIihank to tho press.' ' Mother,' she inqUrred, ' what is the pres ?' Oh ! happy, ignorant child ! Well has she LUýn named Fe:l ciy ! *The press,' I endea7onred to explain, ' tho prees is n qaiint little monster, bhlf angel, half ccto;us. It is backed like a waasel, it is very like a whale. Its eyes are as c.ntiess asn the Lstrs, yet it is some tim* blied ; its earn are as keen as the wind, ye. it is often dcsf ; its utteranca is ouder than the storm, yet it can Speak in a very still, small voice indeeJ. It has nlmbl: feet made of wire, with lwhichl it tkips from point to point of the earlh'e surface, annihilating dislance it lohas inuous in notintg -arne, so long that they can wvrtstlo witlh aun] cmbrasc the whole world. It devoura plaper. excelt on tho rare occasions whoni it is compelled to cat its own words. And it drinks ink. It has a co:?onmmnate brain, an unnertain temper, and to mag nificeut heart. It lives principally in Fleet street, and it never goes to bed.' SThen,' said 1'elicity, ' Motlher, give it my lore.' " lappy the motlecr who han a child able to suggest euch sympathetic banter; happy tho mother nlwo fulfile with such dainty discrimination her child's ingenunos cornands. Commenting on the ~Bitish demons ration made rt the RIand on 25th Da camber in connection with the shooting of Mr Edgar in his own house by a Boer policeman, the Johanneshurg St.r ays:-" It is locally notorious that Saturday's demonstration was entirely spontaneous. Capitalists carefully held aloof, and the Star. instead of encourag ng thI movement, rather threw cold water on it. Yet in spite of this, and -otnithstanding the shortness of the nolice, something like 7000 men asse.i bled on the Mrlket-squaro on Saturday. No one came in with the idea of a' ro,'; they came one and all simply vith the dea of soberly recording a sulemna pro test. That they should ccmo in their housands qoite spontaneoasly, without heing worked up by the press, by orators, or by anyone, is the most significant eature of Saturday's meeting. It shows that without leaders, without orgnni nation, the men of Jobannesburg have not lost all public spirit, and are ready when necessary to show that they have not been misled by herrings drawn cross the track, or distracted by false promises, or terrorised by repressive laws. They arc helpless, but they re aid their independence, and will do .hat seems proper for their self-respect and that of the race they belong to." Commenting ona recent death from he explosion of a kerosene lamp, the London Daily Clronicle says :-" An other death from the low flash oil. A woman goes out to evensong, leaving her invalid sister in her room with the amp burning. She returns to find the oon burnt out and her sister removed o the hospital to die. A fireman had oand her lying insensible upon the floor. the oil flashed at 92 deg., though it is well known that no oil should ha used with alower flash point than 105. Tbi: s the 689th accident of the kind which has been investigated during the last wo years by the London County Conecil's inspector alone. There hare probably been at least as many more nreported, and within three.ears 115 man, women and children have been arnt alive. They were burnt to main ain the dividends of a ring. The ring a rich; money is not without its inu laence, and Parliament is busy. So he people burn, and the ring grows icher." Tor the Show.--Dandy brushes, Ia d ; curry combs 5d ; halters, 9O; lorlmmnteanus from Gs; whips, eddler bridles, harness, etc. Grose Bros.-A., Sunday Excursions, Bairnsdaleto the Entrance, per steamer TOCD., leaving t 10 a.m. and returning in the evening leturn fare 2s 6d. The J.C.D. has heen specially fitted up for this season's rafic, and is one of the best .appointed nd mostcomfortable passenger steamcir aosIL-Am. 