OUR SPECIAL CORRES- PONDENCE. (FROM a Victorias.) Jane 2. 1899. Your Brunswick must look to its Iannis, Last Bnnday afternoon we had a battle be Peckbam is one of the great southern suburbs of London, and it contains a sp.enaio splendid «ont» of Catholic activity in the Capuchin ^IdMonasteTy. i Monasiery. oi rfVhich w.nou Dr. ui. Torregi- j anni, now Bishop of Armadale, New South Wales, was the head before he went out to Australia. The people of Peekham keep a warm c oni erin tb eir b earts 1 or Dr. Terregianni.and to thisdav affectionately speak ofhim by the name hebore when^roongetthem—Father Elzear. Not long ago I was invited down there to address alnblic meeting under the auspices of the loeal Irish organisation. After I had fired off my speech they hospitably entertained me at supper, and » the conversation that ensued a .- number — of krndly « questions » were -put to me about "Father Elzear" I cudgeled my brains to try and remember where I had met a priest of that name. I knew a good many priests in Engiand, Ireland, America and Australia, but I could not at the moment recall " Father Elzear." And yet from the confident way in which the Peckham Catholics put their question they evidently took it for L S * ^ j ' L ^ i ' Z ; And then it suddenly dawned upon me that Br. Torregianni's front name was Elzear, that tbey wer? really inquiring about their old Abbot, and that they csper-ted me as an Australian to bave (he latest news concerning him. People here have no idea, of tbe distances in Australia. They fancy in their innocence that Armadale is only a nice twenty minutes walk from Melbourne, and that anybody who has lived in Australia must needs know everybody between Capt' York Peninsula and Wilson's Promontory. As a matter of fact, although Dr. Torregianni and I were resident in Australia for many years, 1 only met His Lordship on one occasion. That waR the consecration of Dr. Moore as Bishop of Baliarat. It was then I heard His LordBhip tell the story of the poor old Irishwoman in his diocese wbo called him " Dr. Tare-an'-ages "—her way of pronouncing his Italian surname. Of late Catholic processions through the •streets of London, although technically illegal by statute, have grown to considerable dimensions and became increasingly imposing in the number of clergy, confraternities, Children of Mary, <fec., taking part in them. There has been no Protestant interference or molestation until last Sunday. Circulars were scattered broadcast on the Saturday, stating in inflammatory language that an illegal procession was announced to take place on the following afternoon, and calling upon all true Protestants to assemble at the same Itime and place as " a protest against Popish aggression," A few hundred choice characters turned up ip response to the appeal and organised a little procession of tbeir own preceded by a flaming Protestant banner. With incredible stupidity the police permitted this band of Protestant worthies to march a little ahead of the Catholic procession instead of diverting them to a different route. Of course the inevitable collison occurred; nobody knew for certain who struck the firBt blow, bnt there was no room for doubt about the final result, the Protestant contingent being swept off tht street and so helplessly defeated and scattered that they made no attempt to reform or to interfere any further wiih the Catholic procession, which marched through the appointed streets and back to the Capuchin Church without having sustained the slightest loss or break of continuity. ' Personally, I must say I doubt very milch, ^he wisdom or expediency . of holding these oat-door Catholic processioriB on Sunday afternoons in the streets of London. tApart- (alt^getherhom their iUegaUty;;they arenteceBpapty aggravating, without serving • thMnierests j6f the church in any substantia) A determined effort is now being ma&rto; r&iindle; the smouldering embers of the old Protestant bigotry in England, and it behoves Catholics to be on their guard against playing into the hands of the enemy. James the Seoond, the last Catholic King of England, was warned by Pope Innooent to mind what he was abont, and to respect the feelings and prejudices of the Protestant subjects. But James would not give heed to the Pope's prudent counsels. He. wanted to make England Catholic in one act, and as a result of his bull-at-a-gate policy, he lost his throne and inflicted untold injury upon the interests of the church that he was cantankerously trying to serve. A similar unthinking over-zeal at the present time, when the public mind is in a very inflamable condition on religious questions, might seriously cheok the marvellous progress that the Catholic Church has made in England during the last half-century. But, wonderful as that progress has been, the country is still overwhelmingly Protestant. There are some forty millions of people in England, and only ten millions of them are Catholics. So, if the Catholics are wise, tbey will pursue their propaganda by quiet and inoffensive methods, and be less obtrusive in organising oat-door demonstrations with banners and religious syinbolB, that might easily lead to an explosion of pent-up Protestant bigotry, with many mischievous consequences in its trail. All row/ly Protestant dements that Lord George . ... „ a s a s s BjjsjsPS be so easy now to taraw^tarie^awl SSSSSffSSSk -Jns™fa. maVp the attempt if they got a £>ce a^ old rtili living chance inere ^ . ^he o S £ i S W S S C l ^ catnouc cwnopB OJ country gentlemen, ^thpipes of:tobacco glasses and tankards of ale on the table before, - them, to convey the impression - iustaharm- toany inqusit.ve ey, tot to less; little groui. ofodtaends from the countiy enjoying a convivial chat over a pi^ ana » glass. If any of ^ose »em«.s bishops of the early part of the nineteenth centui? were to revisit London now andsee open-air Catholic processions, singmg[hyms and displaying banners throughthertreete, how they would rub their eyes and stare! An interesting took of the week is » Sir Ge0rge Grey; The Bounce of aPro- Con.ul. The author, Mr. James Mitae, was a friend of the famous New Zealand Governor and eariy Australian explorer, and he took notes of the various conversations he had with Sir George f rom time to time. 8ome of the old man's sayings and recollections are decidedly good, and worth preserving. Most peopi e think that Sir George Grey's career commenced when, as an adventurous young >ieutenantof25,h.we»t out ? explore North West Australia in 1837. But before that he hftd seen service as a young military officer in Here are a Couple of reminiscences of this hitherto unknot part of his life:- I was a guest at a dinner where I heard the toast "The Protestant ^ g -d-fusion to Boman Cathoh^ Just .reflect on what that meant! . erance, the lack of ordinary human feeling thus put into a sentiment! A Roman Catholic gentleman was present, and, knowing what' was coming, he good-naturedly rose and left the room, observing that he would join the ladies. Yes, that was an Irish gentleman ! • Agnin, my heart, was wrung at what I witnessed. while in command of a party of soldiers, under orders to protect a tithe-collecting expedition. To me it appeared wrong, shameful, un-Christian, that money for a Church which preached the love of God and Bis Son towards mankind, should be wrung from the people by armed soldiers. More, it seemed to me nothing less than blasphemy, a mockery of all true religion, and I thought it terrible to have to bear apart in the business.' A serio-comic incident of his Irish career is thus narrated :— * There were very stringent regulations in Ireland, in regard to the illicit distilling of spirits. It was another disagreeable duty for soldiers that they had to accompany revenue officers in the search for stills. Now, 1 was very fond of shooting, and when the opportunity arose I would start off with my gun. The country folk might always be applied to for information as to the spots most likely to furnish a shot. They were perfect hosts to the Saxon as an individual, though otherwise to the Saxon engine of government. ' Being abroad one day with my gun, I noticed a group of peasants at work in a field. Anxious for their counsel towards a bag, I jumped the wall into the field where they were. What was my astonishment to discover that I was in the midst of an illicit still! You can imagine m'y position 1 I, an officer holding the King's commission, had, as a private person, become aware of an offence against the law. My worry was so keen, over the awkward relationship in which I stood towards the party, that I expressed it. • 1 wis,- It is," 1Baw, I said, •" ireqoenuymyaui.yujpro- frequently duty to tect preventive men, and if that duty were ever to bring me this way, you would feel that I had aA s informed upon you." i™ » «< " N„ No, T,n no, » was the answer in chorus, " you only protect the excise men, that forming part of yoor duty; you are not an informer but a protector, and we know yon won't tell." They were good enongh to emphasise this vote of confidence with an invitation that I should try their poteen. Naturally I declined, bnt in a manner, I hope, calculated not to wound tbeir feelings.' Sir George had several opportunities of of hearing Daniel O'Connell, and thefollowing incident at an election meeting addressed by the Liberator in Limerick lingered in his memory:— " With a bitter satire, O'Connell introduced into his speech, 'the story of the siege of Limerick. He eloquently told how the women of Limerick beat back the soldiers of William HI. This was his shrewd method of getting at us soldiers, and he implied that, if necessary, the women of Limeirick could beat back the soldiers of another English king. All we could do was to stand there, stiff as starch, while the stings fell from his caustic tongue. O'Connell was a splendid speaker, and he had. a most inviting presence, an attractive per. sonality altogether. Looking at him, you decided, 1 That's a rapital fellow, a merry fellow to be with; why, I should like to be a friend of his!"' Contemplating the pitiful condition of the people of Ireland as he saw them in his soldierly day6, Sir George Grey exclaimed:— " What intellect and power were lost to the native! What must have been tbe yearnings and agonies undergone by many noble minds, feeling capable of great things, perhaps even of rescuing their conptry from the misery in which it was sunk! Remove theeelrishmen to S M S S tjtss wd behold a fair change ! they would yield old world would be glad to copy. Sir George Grey died in London a poor man, hot had he chosen to feather his Best ae other Governors didhe could hare left \- f«rtnne of six fibres behind him He was Mr Milne, "land which then sold for £5 in Adelaide is now worth £6,000. Throughout my career I always followed a very strict rule in those matters. I never had aby dealings in land or other property except as a g 6 ^ ^ ^ tbe „ On returning to England after having governed in masterful fashion South Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa, Sir George Grey was invited by Disraeli to enter the House of Commons as an independent Conservative. As he was as advanced Liberal he o[ courBe d6clined the offer, while acknow- ] d • t h t , t wag .. u veiy good natured y ^f r a e l i, 8 t „ He oBe/J himBelf t0 part. Newark, which was Gladstone's first constituency as an independent Liberal, among the planks of his platform being Home Bole for Ireland, a national emigration policy, and the disestablishment of the Church of England. At that time, 30 years ago, this was conviolent revolutionary programme. e advance'of hfs times, »« ™ a ' T » «« in £e » to HoW see a ™ ' 5 e . ™ _ Be *. ? Rn^trinJnles S ^nst^nciies on Home Rule prmciples. was the first. He c ^ d - f e ^ ^ ^ ^ by A^alianB ^ ^ ^ aik some good things in it, notably, a cagit&l; definition by an old colonist of the G.tVO. in the-'itfties, when\diggers and adventarirs from 'eveiry'land unjier the sun were wont to rbll up for their letters, on the arrival of a mail being,:, sigfiittlled' from Flagstaff Hill, West MelbOUrii& Ariother extent contribution is The Old Scenes," by Mrs. Campbell Praed, the Queensland novelist, in it she records all that she remembers of her Australian girlhood. She was in Sydney when O'Farrell tried to shoot the Duke of Edinburgh, and more than onoe she calls O'Farrell " the Fenian." It is quite true that Sir Henry Parkes, to his lasting discredit, tried his utmost to make tbe excMed public believe that O'Farrell was the agent of a Fenian conspiracy, but even with the aid of the " Kiama Ghost," he utterly failed. Why Campbell- Praed ought to know that O'Farrell had as much connection with Fenianism as he had with Mormonism or Shakerism. He was simply a homicidal lunatic who ought to have been committed to an asylum for life. His execution was a foul blot on the administration of justice in New South Wales, and on the personal and public character of Sir Henry Parkes, in particular. 