The Anointed Saviour. Seekon by Latz Rev. G. H. Spukoeo^. Jesus Christ.—Hebrews xilL 8. I have preached before from this text. But there is always more to be learnt from it. i Moreover, what if we should repeat our teachings concerning Christ? What if wo should hear over and over again the same things " touching the King?" We can afford to hear them. Repetitions oonccrmng Jesus are better than varieties upon any other sub ject. As the French monarch declared that he would sooner hear the repetitions of Bourdsloue than tho novelties of another; so we may aver concerning our Lord Jesus, we would sooaerhcar again and again the precious truths which glorify Him than listen to the most eloquent orations upon any other themo. Coming at once to the text, let us notice the personal names of our Lord hero mentioned— ••Jesus Christ," "Jesus" stands first. That is our Lord's Hebrew name. 44 Jesu9," or44 Ja*hua." The word signifies a Saviour, "for He shall save His people from their sins." It was given to Him in His cradle! While He was yet an infant hanging on His mother'* breast. He was recognised as Saviour, for the fact or God's becoming in carnate was the sure pledge, guarantee, and commencement of human salvation. At the very thought of His birth the virgin sang, "My spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour. There is hope that man shall be lifted up to God, when God condescends to come down to man. Jesus in the manger deserves to be called the Saviour, for when it can ho said that 44 the tabernacle of God is with men, and He doth dwell among them," there is hope that all good tilings will he given to the fallen race. He wus called Jesus in His childhood—44 the Holy Child Jesus." It was as Jesus that He went up with His parents to the temple and sat down with the doctors, hearing them and asking them Sucstious. Ay, and Jesus as a teacher in le very first principles of His doctrine is a Saviour, emancipating• the minds of men from superstition, setting them loose from the traditions of the fathers, scattering even with His infant hand the seeds. of truth, the elements of h glorious liberty which shall emancipate the human tniud from the iron bondage of false philosophy and priest craft. He was Jesus, too, and is commonly called so both by His foes and by His friends, in His active fife. It is as Jesus the Saviour that He heals the sick, that flc raises the dead, that He delivers Peter from sinking, that He rescues from ship wreck tho sbiptosscd upon the Gulileanluke. In all the teachings of Ilis middle life, in those laborious three years of diligent"5crvice, both iu His public ministry and in His private prayar, Ho is still Jesus the Saviour ; for by ! His active as well as by His passive obedience we are saved. All" through his earthly | sojourn 5c made it clear that the Sou of Man ; had come to seek and to save that which wus : lost. If His blood redeems us from the guilt of sin, His iifo shows us how to overcome its power. - If by His deatb upon tho tree He crushes Satan for us, by His life "of holincas He teaches as how to break the dragon's head within us. He is the Saviour as a babe, tho Suviour as a child, tho Saviour as the toiling, labouring, tempted Man. But he comes out most clearly as Jesus when dying on the i cross ; named so in a writing of which the j author said, 48 What I have written I have | written," for over the head of the dying Saviour yon read, 44 Jesus of| Nazareth, the femg of the Jews." j There pre-eminently was He the Saviour, j being made a curse for us that we might ho | made the righteousness of God in Him. After beholding tho dying agonies of His Master, the beloved apostle said, "Wo have seen do testify that the Father sent the Son-to be tho Saviour oflho world." On Calvary was it seen that tho Son of Man saved others, though, through blessed in capacity of love, "Himself He could not save." Whoa Ho was made to "feel tho wrath of God on account of sin, and pangs unknown were suffered by Him as our Substitute, when Ho was made to pass through tho thick darkness and burning heat of Divine wrath, then wa3 He, according to Scripture, 44 the Saviour of all men, specially of those that believe." Yes, it is on tho tree that Christ is peculiarly a Saviour. If He were nothing better than our Exampler, alas for us! We might bo grateful for the example it wc could imitate it, but without the par don which spares us, and tho gcaco which gives us power for holiness, tho brightest example were a tantalising of our grief. To be shown what wc ought to be, without having any method set before us by which we could attain to it, were to mock our misery. But Jesus first drawB us up out of the horrible pit into which we wore fallen, takes us out of the miry clay, by the efficacy of His atoning sacrifice, and then, having set our feet upon u rock by virtue of His merit*. He Himself leads the way onward to perfection, and EO is t Saviour bolhinfifc and in death. " That Jesus saves from am and hell, n * Is truth divinely sure; And on this Bock our faith may rest Immovably secure."' StHl bearing the name of Jesns, our Lord rose from the dead. The evangelists delight in calling Him Jesus. In His appearance to Magdalene in the garden, in His manifesta tion of Himself to the disciples, when they; were met together, the doors being shut,! He is always Jesus with them as the risen One. Beloved, since we are justified by His resurrection, we may well regard Him as: Saviour under that aspect. Solvation is still more linked with a risen Christ, because we seo Him by His resurrection destroying death, breaking down the prison of the sepulchre, bearing away like another Samson the gates of the grave. He is a Saviour for us, since He has vanquished the lost enemy that shall he destroyed, that wc, having been savod from sin by His death, should be saved from death through His resurrection. Jcsas is the title under which He is called in glory, for "Hira hath God exalted with His right hand to be a Prince and a Saviour, for to give repentance to Israel, and forgiveness of sins." He is to-day 45 the Saviour of tlje "body." "Wc adore Him as the only wise God ana our Saviour. "Heis able also to savo them to the uttermost that come unto God by Him, seeing He ever liveth to make inter cession for them.'' As Jesus He shall shortly come, and wo ore " looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ." Our daily cry is, " Even so.- come, Lord Jesus." Ay, and this is the name, the name "Jesus," by which He is known in heaven at this hour. Thus the angel spake of Qim before He was conceived by the virgin; thus the angels serve Him and do His bidding, for He suith to John in Patmos, "I, Jesus, have sent miuo angel to testify these thiaga." The angels prophesied His coming underthut sacred name! They camo to thoso who stood looking up into heaven, and they said, " Yc men of Galilee, why e>tand ye crazing up into heaven ? this same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so conic in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven.*' Under this name the devils fear him, for said they not, " Jesus'we know, and Paul wc know, but who arc yof" This is the spell that binds the hearts of cherubim in chains of lore, and this is the word that makes the hosts of hell to tremble and to qaail. This name is the joy of the chnreh on earth; it is the joy of the church above. It is a common word, a household name for onr dear Re deemer amongst the family of God below, and up there tbey still sing it— " Jesus, the Lord, their harps employs; Jesus, my love, they sing; Joins, the lifo of both our joys, Sounds sweet from every string." There are two words in the came Jesns. The one Is a contraction of the word "Jehovah," the other is the word which X have just now explained to you as ultimately coming to mean "salvation." So that Jesus means Jehovah-Salvation. Yon havo tho glorious essence and nature of Christ revealed to yon as Jehovah, " I am that I am," and then you have in the second part of Sis name His great work for you *in setting you at large and delivering you from all distress. Think, beloved "fellow-Christian, of the amplitude, the spaciousness, tho breadth, the abundance, the boundless all-sufficiency laid up in tbe person of the Lord Jesus. 44 It pleased the Father that in Him should all fullness dwell." You have no contracted Christ, you have no narrow Saviour. Oh, the infinity oi His love, the abundance of His grace, the exceeding greatness' of the riches of His love towards nsl There are no words in any language that Gin bring out sufficiently the unlimited, tho infinite extent of tho riches of tbe glory of Christ Jesus our Lord. Tho word which lies at thfii-xoot of this name 44 Jesus " or " Joshua" baa somotimes the meaning of riches; and who can tell what a wealth of grace and glory are laid up in our Immannel ? If His bare Name be such a mine of excel lence. what must His person bo? If this, which is hut a part of His garment, doth to [ smell of myrrh, and aloes, and cassia, oh, what nmst His blessed person bo but-a bundle of myrrh, which shall lio for ever betwixt our breasts, to he the delight of our eoul? " Precious is the name of Jems, Who can half its worth unfold ? Far beyond angelic praises, Sweetly sung to lxarps of gold." Now reverently consider the second title —Christ. That is a Greek name, a Gentfio name—Anointed. So that you see you have the Hebrew, Joshua. Jesus ; then the Greek, Christos, Christ; so that we may see that no longer is there cither Jew or Gentile, hut All are one in Jesns Christ. The word Christ, as yon all know, signifies anointed, and as such our Lord is sometimes called "the Christ," "the very Christ";.at other limes, "the Lord's Christ," and sometimes " the Christ of God." He is the Lord's anointed, our king and our shield. This word 41 Christ" teaches us three great truths. First, it indicates His offices. He exercises ofliecs in which anointiug is necessary, and these arc three—the office of tho king, of the priest, and of the prophet. He is king in Zion, anointed with the oil of gladness above His fellows. -Beloved, as we think of that name, Christ, let us reverently yield our souls up to Him whom God has anointed to be king. Let. us stand np for His rights over His church, for He is king of Zion, and none have a right to rule there bat under and in snbjcction to the great Head over aU, who in all things shall have the pre eminence. Next, the Lord Christ is Priest. Priests were anointed. They were not to undertake this offico of themselves, nor with out passing through the ceremony which set them apart. Jesus Christ our" Lord hath grace given to Him that no priest ever had. Their outward anointing was but symbolical; His was the true and the real. 5c hath I received that which their oil aid bnt set forth in type and shadow; He bath the real anointing from the Host High. Beloved, let us always look at Christ ~as the Anointed Priest. My soul, thou canst never come to God except through the only ever-living and truly anointed High Priest of our. profession. Ob, never for a moment seek to come without Him, nor through any pretender who may call himself a priest. High Priest of the House of God, we see Thee thus ordained, and we give our cause into Thy hands. Offer our sacrifices for ue, present oar prayers, take Thou our praires and put them into the golden censer, and Thyself offer them before Thy Father's throne. Rejoice every time yon j hear the name Christ, that He who wears it is * anointed to be priest. So with regard to the prophetic office. We find Elisha anointed to proplieay, and so is Jesus Chri>t the pro phet anointed among His people. Peter spake to Cornelius of how God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power; who went about doing good and healing sill that were oppressed of the devil; for God was with Him. He was ancinted to preach the glad tiding?, and to sit as Master" in IsraeL We hold ho man's teaching to he authoritative among us bat the testimony of the Christ. The teachiugof the Lord's Christ is oar crocd. and nothing else. Jesus Christ is <the prophet of Christendom. His words must always he the first and last appeal. This, then, is the meaning of the word "Christos." He is anointed as king, priest, and prophet. But it means more than that. 'Hie name Christ declares His right to those offices. He is not ting because He -eets Himself up as snch. God bas set Him as King upon His holy hill of Zion, and anointed Him to rule. He is also Priest, but He has not taken the priesthood upon Himself, for He is the Propitiation whom God has set forth for human sin. He is the Mediator whom the Lord God hath ap pointed, and sot to be the only Mediator between God and man. And as for His prophesying. He speaketh not of Himself; those things which He hath learnt of the Father He hath revealed unto up. He comes not as a prophet who assumes office, hut God hath annointed Hira to preach glad ridings to the poor, and to come with the news of eternal love. Moreover, this anointing signifies a third thing—that as He has the office, and as it is His by right, so He has the qualifications for the work. He is anointed to bo King. God has given Hira royal power and wisdom and government: He has made him fit to rule in the church, and to reign over the world. No better king than Christ; nono so majestic as He who wore the thorn crown, but wuo shall also wear the crown of universal monarchy. He has the qualifications for a priest, too, such qualifications as even Mel chisedcc had not; such as cannot be found in all the hou«e of Aaron, in all ita length of pedigree. Blessed Son of God. perfect in Thvself. and needing not a sacrifice for Thine own sake. Thou hast presented unto God an offering which hath perfected for ever those whom Thou hast set apart, and now needing not to make a further offering. Thou ha3t for ever put away sin. So it is with our Lord's prophesying. Ho had power io teach. "Grace is poured into Thy lips, therefore God hath blessed Thee for ever." All the words of Christ arc wisdom and truth. The substance of true philosophy is to be found in Hira who is the wisdom and the power of God. " Christ, to Thee our spirits bow. Prophet, priest, and king art Thou; Christ, anointed of the-Lord, Evermore be Thou adored." Now put the two titles together and ring out the harmony of the two melodious notc3— Jesus Christ, Sariour anointed, oh, how blessed. See ye not that He is a SavioU' dnly appointed, a Saviour abundantly quail* ficd. Ky soul, if God appoints Christ a Saviour of shiners, why dost thou raise a question? God sent Him forth as a sinner's Saviour. Come then, ye sinncrH, take Him, accept Him, and rest in Him. Oh, how fool* fch we are when we begin raising questions, quibbles, and difficulties. God declares that Christ is a Saviour to all who trust in Him* My poor heart trusts Him; she hath peace. But wherefore do some of you imagine that He cannot save yon, or ask, 41 How can it bo that this Man shall «ive mer" God has ap pointed Qim; take Him, rest in Him. Moreover, God has qualified Him, given Him tho anointing of a Saviour. Host thou think God has not girded Him with power enough, or furnished Him with enough of merit with which to save such as thou art ? Wilt thou limit what God bath done? Wilt thou think that Hi* anointing is imperfect, and cannot qualify Jesus to meet thy case ? Ob, do not eo slander the grace of heaven 1 Do not such despite to the wisdom of tho Lord; bat honour the Saviour of God's anointing by coming now, just as thon art, and putting | thy trust in Him. 