notes on mmw events. I think it was Butler who satirised the in consistency of those who — '' Compound for sins they are inclined to By damniDg those they have no miud to.' An excellent illustration of this cropped up t.he other day. Two cyclists were calmly riding on tho footpath, w hen they encoun tered a horse similarly trespassing. They were both indignant afc the- laxity of ninnici pal supervision which permitted a horse on the footway. Said one of them — 'They never take notice of things like this ;' and then followed a sever« criticism of the Coun cil's methods. Now, I'm nob goint» to defend that horse. lie had no business on the foot path. He had no business to stray in the streets at all. But, at tl;e same time, I may point out that he was lesa of a nuisance than the cyclist. Iu the firet place, a well-aimed bit of road metal would have sent him off the footpath. A good Whack with a stick would have had the same effect. If one had tried eitherof theso methods with the cyclists the latter might have gone in for reprisals. The horse would not. Then the horse will pro bably get out of your way if he sees you. The cyoliBt expects you to get out of his way. Further, I never saw a horse on tbe footpath run up to a person nnd knock him over. I have know.i cyclists to do this. Lastly, a horse never saolds at you for not gdtting out of his way. Dec;dedly, on the whole tho horse has the better of the comparison. * * * * A number of the honorary magistrates of this district consider t hemsel ves rather hardly done by, and they have fairly good grounds for bo believing. A few weeks ago they were summoned to attend the minimi court for the revision of the jury list. The court was held at 11 o'clock, but by some inadvertence the magistrates were summoned for 12 o'clock. When, therefore, a number of country magis trates, after driving in 20 miles to attend the court, found the businebs all over, they were naturally very wroth, and some of them, it ia said, used swear language, or words to that effect, but this is probably a libel on the dis trict magistracy. The cream of the business, however, was skimmed on Saturday last, when moat of the indignant J's.P. received a circular from the Department of Justice, in timating that in future any failure oh the part of a magistrate to attend the Revision Court would be visited by the statutory penalty — a fine of £10. I have reason to believe that the circular was issued broad cast to all the magistrates of the colony, but last Saturday every local man who received a copy took it as an insinuation that He had neglected his duty, and under the circum stances was naturally as mad as a hatter. * * ? * ?* Figures, it has been said, can be made to prove anything. The Licensed Victuallers' Gazette endeavors to make them prove that abstinence from intoxicants tends to shorten life. That the drinkers have the best of ifc from a long- life point of view (says the Gazette) the following statistics, compiled by the British Medical Association, will show ??:— The average life of a total ab stainer is ? 5! years,)?? daya Temperate drinker ? 63 ,, 13 „ Careless drinkor ... ... 59 ,, 67 „ Free drinker ? 57 „ 69' ?,; Decidedly intemperate drinker 51 ,, 8 „ According to this statement the '.-, free drinker ' has a better chance of life than the total abstainer, whilst even the decidedlyin temperate drinker is in this respect; very nearly as well off as the Rechabite, and the ' careless drinker ' is a good deal better off. The point of this last comparison- would be clearer if the Gazette gave a definition of a 'careless drinker.' Js it a man who spills his liquor, or merely oue who is not punc tilious in the matter of paying for his drinks 1 Anyhow, I fancy the comparative analysis seems open to criticism, and it will probably be criticised. At thesame time all the figures in the world won't do much good or much harm to the cause of temperance. People don't be come drunkards from conviction of the benefits of drunkeuness They are not likely « to become sober as the result of a study of actuarial statistics. In fact some of the most confirmed drunkards know quite as well as the most rigid abstainers that sobriety, like honeaty, is the best policy. This last sentence on re-perusal strikes me as illogical. How can there be two ' bests 1' But the passage cau go for what it may be worth. Readers don'texpectliteraryexactitudein this column. * * * t.. A contributor to a contemporary referring to the alleged advantages of a (reetrade policy, asks the following pertinent questions : — ' What about Victoria and her protection ? How is it that they do not open their ports 1 And how much wheat is imported into Vic toria? Her exports duriug the past week are : — Gulf of Lyons, London, 2880 bags ; Oratava, London, 980 bags ; Aberdeen, Lon don, 2820 bagB ; Whinlatsr, for the English Channel, 19,010 and 10,351 for New South Wales and Queensland. Of flour she sent out 500 bags to Singapore, 5,137 to New South Wales and Queensland, including 150 bags of New South Wales flour, 209 bags for Western Australia, including: 90 bags for New South Wales. New South Wales exported during the same period — to Noumea 1050 bags, to Queensland 64 ba«s, and to the islands two bags. How will we reconcile the fact that so small a colony as Victoria has power to export wheat to the extent men tioned whilst New South Wales exports so httle. The former colony sends out 37,041 bags, whilst New South Wales with its vasr. urea of agricultural land ahips a paltry 1016 bags. If ? we grant thai protection is of no use, how is it that tho mother colony with what is acknowledged to be the picked land of the continent, cannot compete with her neighbors? Are they lacking in business tact and tne knowledge of how to get the most out of their land, or is it the cl.niate ? Can some of these people tell us this I LIPPON DAIRN. The Bereigan Show.— The value of the prize money at the forthcoming Berrigau (Show is £200. Death of an Old Resident of 'Yacican- '' danj)AH. — Thomas M'Namara, 99 years of age, and the oldest resident of the district, died on Sunday. His wife died only abput three months ago. Dentistry. — Mr. Shanasy announces that he visits tha Victorian Upper jVIurray aa follows: — Bethanga, Friday, 17th February ; Tintaldra, Sunday, 19th; Corryong, Mondiy and Tuesday, 20th and 21st ; Tallangatta, -s 23rd aud 24th. Victorian Electors' Rights. — Under section 25 of the Constitution Act Amendment Act, Victoria, which came into operation on rhe 1st January, 1899, for tho fee of nixpenoo electors' rights may be obtained after ono month s continuous residence in any district, instead of three, as provided for under the old Act. To Exporters of Poultry. — Notification has been recaived from the Victorian Depart ment of Agriculture that in future 48 hoiira1 ?? notice must be given before poultry will ' ' . , be permitted to enter chat colony, and id must be shown that the birds are frJ*- from poultry tick. : .1). Q^^^^M II ' ? — — ? ,.,-gP Thb Municipal Election. — The nomi nation of candidates for ihe ensuing muni cipal election closed on Monday night. Ten candidates were duly nominated, but several have,' we understand, declined to contest the election. A liut of the nominations, which will be formally announced on Tuesday, will ha found in another column. Wodonga House SALES.-r=-A Jarge sale of horses, conducted by Messrs. Adamaon, Strettle, and Co., in conjunction with. Messrs. 0\. L. Griffith and Co., will commence -at Wodonga on Wednesday, 15th February, and continued on the two following days. A large number of blood and draught horses will b3 offered during the three days. OBITUAKYi— We notice with regret the death of Mr. Neil Murchisbn, son of Mr. Donald Murchison, of Mulwala. The de ceased ''was a brother of Mrs. P. Aitken of Berritfan, Mr. K. Murchison of Girilambone, san'd'Mr.' D. Murchison of liear Corowa. He wenbto Dr. C. Ryan for medical treatment, but despite all that the hast prof essional skill could do for him he passed away on the 22nd inst. Much sympathy is expressed for his relatives. Alleged Sly-grog Selling at Ruther GLEN.— Mary Maria Allsop, of GfeatNorth ern, was arrested on Tuesday on a charge of selling liquor without a license on Christmas Eve last, and also for having committed wilful perjury during the hearing of a similar charge preferred against her recently, when she was fined £50, and which decision she appealed against. Accused was brought before Captain Burrowes, and remanded till ?th February. A, Yackandandah Want.— A 'telegram from Yackandandah says : 'There are two Government boring plants at Wodonga. The feeling in the district is that before the plants are removed the Kiewa Valley should be bored. This would only necessitate the re moval ot one of the plants 2 miles. The Kiewa Valley has never been bored, and gold has been obtained in the ranges at the head. The discovery of a lead in the valley would open up 60 or 70 miles of virgin country.' A Fight with a Kangaroo. — The wife of a Finley resident, Mrs. J. Fidook,hadan unusual experience last week. She was walking: on the: stock route about three miles from Finley, when two dogs which accompanied her ' bailed up ' a kangaroo, and on the lady going to the canine's assistance the mar supial dho wed fight. Mrs. Fidock (saysalocal paper) pluckily tackled it and kept it at bay. arid' on her husband, who was working near by; ^coming tip the animal was soon given its quiefciie. The Upper Murray Harvest. — Re turns from the neighbourhood of Wagra and Cutnberoona indicate a very satisfactory yield. . Mr. F.Corrigan informs us that he obtained from one paddock an average yield of nine bags to the acre, and that several of his neighbours had also yields nearly, if not, quite, up to the same standard. Reports from the' Wodonga district are also encoura ging. Mr. Morrison, we understand, harvested twelve bags to the afcre. This cornea not far behind Mr, Kennedy's record. The Lynch Family Bellringers.— This popular company revisited Albury after a long interval on Wednesday, performing for One night only at the Mechanics' Institute. The company now includes Mr. George Bentley, a capable comedian ; Mr. W. New son, a vocalist with a remarkably good tenor voice ; Mr. H. Ritter, a pianist of great brilliancy ; and last, buc not least, the bell ringers, who contribute the most important items in an otherwise excellent programme. A notable feature in the entertainment is the glasBbphone performance, which was much appreciated by the audience. Grants for Recreation Reserves. — Mr. Lyne has received the following communica tion : — 'Department of Lands, Sydney, 28th January, 1899. Sir, — I have the honor to inform you that the sum of £55 has been set aparb by the Secretary for Lands, out of this year's vote, for the improvement of the public parks and recreation reserves in your electorate ; the amount for each separate area being as follows, viz. : — Gerinanton Botanic Gardens, £20; Henty Recreation Reserve, £15 ; Tumbfirumba Racecourse and Recrea tion Reserve, £20. — I have, &c;, William Houston, Under-Sacretary.' Death of an Old Biverina Pioneer. — A very old resident of Riverina passed over to the majority on Sunday last in the person of Mr. William Rudd, who died at the resi dent of his aiater, Maryfields, near Campbell town. The deceased was in nis 66th year and had been ailing for a week. During tbo first few days of last week he suffered from severe fits, which culminated in paralysis of one side on Wednesday evonmtr. With the paralysis he became unconscious, and the worst beiug feared his children, who were residing in Wagga, wore sent for. Deceased remained unconscious for two days, but at the lime of his death had full possession of I his faculties. The body was removed for in [ terment to Wagga Wngga, where the j funeral took place on Tuesday. Mining at Rutherglbn. — A company was formed a few mouths ago under the name of the Golden Gate to work alluvial deposits and a reef at Ruthorglen. On Monday the shaft bottomed on 2ft, of heavy vash, with I Prospects equal to 5oz. of gold per machine. [ The lead has nob been identified. This shaft is about 208 ft. in depth, which agrees with the depth of a bore which bottomed on wash close afc hand. Other bores (believed to be] on distinct leads) bottomed on wash at depth's respectively of 238ft. and 253 ft. All the' work on this property (including boring and ! shaft-sinking) has been carried out at the - small cost of £900. Mr J. Clark is legal manager, and Mr John Bass mining manager. The Income Tax. — Wo take the last oppor tunity of reminding readers that income tax returns must reach the office of the Com missioners of Taxation not later than Satur day next, February 4. Several thousand returnB are already to hand, and the officers are busily engaged in preparing for the current year's assessment. It may also be pointed out that the land tax returns are nob at present required, except in cases where persons have during the past year become owners of landsubjectto taxation. It is, neces sary however, that returns of mortgages of taxab'o land should reach the commissioners by the above date, in order that the taxpayers should receive the usual deduction from their land tax for the current year. The neces sary forms may be obtained ao the Various post-offices and court-houses. The Municipal Council. — At the regular meeting of the Municipal Council on Wed nesday evening it was decided to proceed with the erection of the desiccator on the site in Keenan's*lane. Several strong pro tests on the subject were read from the Cen tral Board of Health, bub the Council ap peared to consider that the Board had no authority to prohibit the adoption of the situ, At all events the lease has been prepared and only awaits the affix ing of the corporation seal. The arrange ments with regard to the adoption of the new system are likely to prove very expen sive to the Council. It will be observed that the contractor has to be paid £45 for the delay to which he has been subjected. It is to be feared that this is not the only item' of expenditure for which the ratepayers will receive no return. A Terrible Explosion. — One of the most sensational events that has ever occurred in Albury took place on Monday morning, shortly before 9 o'clock, at the mill of Messrs. Hayes Bros., Townsend-street. All appar- ently was going well, when suddenly the huge boiler exploded, completely wrecking the building and engine, and doing terrible damage to adjoining property, besides caus- ing loss of life. The boiler divided into several portions, the largest lodging on a two-storey brick building belonging to Mr. W. J. Jones. The house was shattered, and the immense mass of iron in its fall crushed to death a lad named Frank New. Another portion went into the back premises of the Australian Hotel, and a third was sent over the Club Hotel, and lodged in the stables at the rear. A number of persons were more or less injured, some seriously. A report of the disaster will be found in another column. Important lo Vinegrowbrs. — The lec ture to be given by Professor Blunno at Thurgoona, on the 9th insb., on vinification, cannot fail to be of great interest to vine growers, as his programme is full of actuali ties at the eve of the vintage. The, following aubjects.will be dealt with by the Professor : General composition of musC ; Influence of cultivation and manuring on its constitutive elements ; Proportion of saccharine matters for dry or sweet wines ; Fermentation; How to actuate or check ic ; Pure ferments ; Pre vention of lactic fermentation ; First rack ing. The lecture is not given only for mem bers of any particular association bub for the vignerons of the district, and everyone is in vited to be present. Professor Blunno will b« ready after the Iscture to make arranae mentB with any vinegrower who might desire to have his advice on hie visit during the stay that he will make at Albury at the time of the vintage. Publications Received. — We have re ceived a copy of Wragoe's Australian Al manac * published at Brisbane. This work comprises a very large amount of useful in formation on all sorts of subjects. An epitome is given of the land laws in each Australian colony, with a treatise of the condition of agriculture in each. The tariffs of the several colonies are included, together with postal and telegraphic information There is a large collection of ' medical hints ' thab should bo of service to families resident in districts where medical aid is not easily obtainable. There is a table of nauti cal ephemeris for the current year, calculated for the meridian of Greenwich, with supple mentary tables for correction for any other meridian. The paper on meteorology includes instructions in the use of the different in struments, with treatises on their principles and the modes of construction. The almanac, in short, is full of a varied And most interest ing assortment of highly useful information. The scientific matter should bo especially valuable as coming from an expert in his particular branch. Co-operation among Farmers. — With reference to tbo movement for co-operation among farmers, our Arniidale contemporary remarks: — Ib is an extraordinary thing that amongst men who have nothing to buy or sell except their own physical effort — labor — unions have long and successfully existed ; whilst those men who produce the nficossarios of life from tho stubborn glebu and smiling field, and who are forced to take their goods to the market places amid the united huck sterers, are ever at one another's throats — disunited and powerless to resist the iurouds of imposition, robbery and jobbery, which, like the life blood slowly ebbing from a body, are surely driving them into a commer cial cemetery. If the farmers and producers generally Chink to survive the combined attacks of drought and greedy combines, they may as well give up the ghost at once. But once rid of the latter, by a comprehen sive system of co-operation, they can then , stand a heap more of the former than they , ever dreamed. The Wodonga Road. — The oscillation to which the drivers of vehicles between Wo- j donga and Albury were subjected last year ' was revived at the Wodonga Shire Council on Wednesday by Councillor Bassett, when i the olerk of work's read the specifiations which | had been submitted to the Public Works j Department for repairs to the bridge on the ' Albury-road. Th6 specifications showed thab \ the clerk of works had included 4^-inch ? plankB, and he (Councillor Bassett) thought it advisable that 3-inch planks should ba utilised, or the drivers of vehicles would j be inconvenienced again the same as last I year. He urged that the ' bumping 'J should, if possible, be avoided, and the work carried out in a manner that Would be creditable to the council, instead of which the council was last year made a j 'laughing stock ' of the community. The clerk af works said the plans and specifica tions had been forwarded to the Public Works department, and he was certain that ; the department would not sanction the use of any planks less than 4£in. in thickness. Councillor Morrison endorsed Councillor Bas sett's views, while Councillors Leighton and M'Farlane suggested that the trouble might be minimised by the use of tan or loam. After further discussion, the adoption of the clerk of works' report was decided on, with a tacit understanding that the jolting should not bake place this year. A Point in the Victorian Licensing Act. — At the usual sitting of the Licensing Court at Chilteru before Messrs. Burrowes, Rowan; and Morrison, P. M.'s, Daisy Logan applied for a grocer's licence- In accordance with an order of the Governor-in-Council, a poll was held here on January 6 to ascer tain whether the number of grocer's licen ses should be increased, and the ma jority decided in favour of an' increase to two, the existing number being one and the statutory number four. Inspector Sainsbury objected to the present applica tion on the grounds that the court had no jurisdiction, as section 85 of the Licensing Act distinctly stated that the annual sittings of the Licensing Court should be held in December of each year, and thab the Licens ing Court had been duly held in December, and did all it lawfully could at that sitting. Consequently the Court was not properly constituted. Messrs Burrowes and Morrison upheld the objection, their opinion being that the Governor-in- Council had no power to extend the Court, and therefore it had no jurisdiction. Mr. Rowan dissented on the grounds that the Court over-rode the jurisdic tion of the Governor-in-Council, and desired that the application should be granted to allow the inspector to go to a higher Court. The case was struok out, but the applicant intends to apply for an order to review the decision. New Books. — Another volume from the pen of 'Rolf Boldrewood' is entitled A Romance of Vanvas, and Other Stories. The sketches — for they do not pretend to be much more — are highly readable, and, like aLl the author's works, full of local color and ra«y of the soil. There is a slight thread of story in each sketch, but the main feature of the series is the graphic and faithful manner in which the writer has painted Australian scenes and the vicissitudes familiar to most men who have spent their lives in the colonies. ' The Fencing of Wandaroona' gives a vivid impression of the obstacles which confronted the pioneer squatters when they were dependent on the honesty and vigilance of shepherds, a class of men who, as u rule, were nob conspicuous for either quality. Then came the heaven-born inspira tion of fencing the station and doingawtiy with shepherds. Mr. Browne has evidently a practical knowledge of his subject, and tho pleasant gossippy way in which he describes the shearing, the mustering, droughts, bush fires, and other operations and disasters of station life, should render the story most attractive in the eyt'8 of graziers and [jastoralists. The romance of Canvas Town is a dramatic sketch of the incongruous life to be found everywhere in Melbourne and suburbs in 1851, when immigrants repre aenting all classes of the old world were huddled together in picturesque confusion, the background of Hie scene being Canvns Town — so called from its consisting entirely of tents — afterwards Emerald Hill, and now the 'model city' of South Melbourne. Mk. Kennedy's Wheat Crop. — A fe-v weeks ago attention was directed in these columns to a phenomenal wheat cop grown by Mr. J. A. Kennedy on tho Fiat. The crop, which has now been harvested, was grown from seed obtained originally from America, known as Sullivan's Early Prolific. The actual yield obtained from 50 acres was 53 bushels per acre, which musb'be considered a really wonderful return in a season liko the present. Samples of the grain have recently been exhibited in Sydney, whero it will doubtless bo readily disposed of for seed. The grain is large and plump, of good colour, and has the appearance of being eminently suitable for milling purposes. Its qualities in this latter respect, however, will have to be tested by Mr. Guthrie, the Government 1 agricultural chemist, and probably also by the millers, tt may be ? mentioned )here thab farmers can have milling- qualities of any : variety of wheat tested by Mr. Guthrie free , of charge, and it is hoped that this con I venience will be widely appreciated, as the ' information supplied is of the utmost value to wheat-growers. The testing-machine i3 a miniature mill, but thoroughly accurate, and only small samples are required for making the test. It is well known that many of the varieties of wheat grown in thi3 colony are comparatively worthless for makiug flour, and since so simple a method of ascertaining the gluten strength in wheat has been pro vided, farmers would do well to take advan I tage of it, as it affords a reliable guide to the ; best varieties to grow. Sullivan's Early ' i Prolific may be a good milling wheat, 'but i until that fact has been proved by actual ' test it would probably be a mistake to sow 1 it extensively. It has the appearance of be- ??? I ing nil right, but even expert millers cannot determine the gluten strength simply by the seye. . Mining on the Mitta Miita. — Our cor respondent writes: — The dredging boom j has reached Mitta Mitta, and -already some miles of the river and Snowy Creek have been marked out. The next move, as far as some of the parties are concerned, is to husde ; round Melbourne and other places to collect the sinewa of war. If they are not forth coming the usual fizzle will result. In one or two instances the result tnuy be different, but hereabouts as elsewhere the 'sharks' will impede if not utterly destroy the few genuine speculations thab will soon be on the market. Amongst hydraulic companies tho Pioneer still holds the pride of place. Under the able management of Mr. W. Hedley the output of. the precious metal for the eight months ending last December was ICOoz. per month. As this is nob nearly the beginning of the end, the lucky shareholders will be exceedingly grey when the divs. cease to ? gladden their, eyes tind hearts. The 'Golden. Placers,' to which I alluded in my last, is about resuming operations under the man agement of Mr. J. A. Hedley. The 'Lafon- taine ' is now in full swing with an increased number of hands. Being- a private company the management is extremely reticent as to results, but from the fact that something like 40 men are employed, and. additional stampers are being erected, the outlook must be more than satisfactory. What is more to the point, as far as tho bnsiness 'people are concerned, the pay-she st makes the junction fairly hum regularly once a fortnight. The old ' Mammoth' at the Granite Flat has been refloated in London. A number of contracts hare been let, in email sections, to extend the huge race seven miles to what is locally known as Bourke's Gap. The amount proposed to be spent- in putting things in order will be £6000, which will give employ ment to a large number of hands, Ib is to be hoped the anticipations of the company wili be more than realised. lam glad. to be in a position to say that the unemployed question as far as this district is concerned ia already salved. The Rabbit Nuisance. — At the. recent meeting of the Pastures and Stock Board, Mr. T. J. Plunkett presented a petition signed by over a hundred landholders in the district on tbe rabbit question. The memo rial was as follows: — 'To the Hon. the Minister for Mines and Agriculture. Sir, — Wa, the undersigned landholders, beg re spectfully to draw your attention to the fact that rabbits aro increasing and spreading to an alarming extent in the Albury as well ^as other districts, and desire thab the new Rabbit Bill may bo brought forward at the earliest possible moment to provide a means of keeping them permanently eradicated. We desire especially to draw your attention to the following facts, and to ask for some means of assistance pending the paasins* of the bill mentioned, as already the delay has proved of very serious con sequence to many landholders : — 1. That expeiience proves in this district, thab owing to the hilly and broken nature of the country, and the fact thab there are sj many gullies and watercourses, that ib is almosc impossible to get the wire netting into posi tion, and that after every fall, of rain it ia either carried away altogether or banked up and damaged by debris. (2.) That indivi dual owners have proved by poisoning with pollard and phosphorus or other efficient moans during the months of.June Mid July, that the pest can be kept within bouuds ; but owing tt the want of concerted action in the past, their efforts have been practically wasted and the nuisance has become as bad as ever. (3.) That compulsory and con ourrent action of landholders is required to cope with the difficulty ac the earliest possible moment. Also, thab pending the passage ot' the Amended Rabbit Act. that rabbits be declared lvvxious animata.' On the motion of Mr. Kiddle, seconded by Mr. Balfour, the petition was rooeivad, and. with the exception of clause 3 adopted. It was also decided thab the chainmin be autho rised co sign a letbor to accompany bhe petition. The following loiter on the same subject has since been received by th« chair maii from Mr. G. E. Mackay, Inspector of Stock : — ' Sir, — I have to report for the con sideration of vour Bonrd as to bhe alarming increase of rabbits in tho Albury district. The presence of the pest in such numbers as now obtain is a menace to the pastoral and ''''v' agricultural interests, and I am of opinion that in-mediate seeps should be taken to cope With it.' 