A lengthy yet condensed ac6bDnt*| the doings of the Prahran City Council at its meeting on Monday night last, and which appears in another part of this issue, will be perused with interest. 'That'Bie whole of the twelve councillors should sit for over four and a half hours on a hot night to conduct municipal business that was at once important and laborious speaks well, we think, for their devotion to duty. Some there will be, no doubt, who, on reading our. report, will throw up their bands with awe and ex claim, 'Can such things happen in the civic chamber of the second city of the colony ?'* But let us pause. ?' ' Disorder' ' may perhaps be jhe term applied to the meeting by .many, but in this respect cannot it be said of the -city -fathers, as with Macbeth — ?.....:.? ; You who have displaced the misth, broke the good meeting, ; '? With most admired disorder ' j And, truth to .say, in Its literal^ense 'disorder' was' npt;,,4i?e; suKefljp quality, when H^SrCon&ideiied; that ' apologief** antf^* -wiftiarawalsfe sfol^'_ lowed incessantly on the heels ^ ' imputations,' The :#neetmg:«oers tainly gave a broad- field ?tfof *^elff worship — ^we wb\fla? love' to giyein detail a reproduction in. this column of the dramatic scenes as they 'were enacted in the toulacil Until' after midnight ; of how Cr Forbes's sting ingj and biting words ei^gperajtgji, Cr John Turner to feverish heat ; of how Cr Maddockicu^ng ^nterjec^ tions, so simpiefyet1 so 'tremendous in hitting power, caused Gri^fandtt to discontinue a speech ;. of how Cr Turner raved bfildlfcoS^a Ath⊤' of his voice to tfie extentlhathe was overheard Car out in Greyjlle^treet.; of tow Cr Nayior madly and almost unconsciously hammered bis '.des^t^ with his clenched fist with all the strength at bis i»i^andg't)dfch6w\\-» Amott made the pluckiest efforts in holding his own amongst those-who claimed contrary opinions, to him ; of 'the difficulties that beset Cr Chambers/the young junior member, ff4^s^(ui]6n speech\a!thongi hi/ lebut at the business was a success dlAe.samej-^Wj^would like to refer toJPnii^fiffl^fhings, but as will b^adi^»fi^ed,notwithstandinS, EnemmeBflSpaae is hardly at our commanon But let us give the coanal^s^Eredit for the best inten tionwf^ councillor's duty at times is not altogether a bed of roses, and if, as a body, the council, in face of the wordy wrangling that took place, acted according to the dictates of its conscience, why blame the council ? WasTr°no*fa3i loir th*e benefit of the ratepayers ? Lytton fits the case to a nicety — ' A man's own con scieitce'is ' * His soje^ triDunal, an3 fie should care no more fer that phan tom 'opinion' than he should fear meeting, a ghost if he cross the churchyard at dark !' vl %: -^ ? J^- ? ' 'There was one question, dealt with by the council that is deserving of more than passing notice, and that, too, from .a practical standpoint. We refer to the Yarra Boulevard, other wise known as ' alteration of Hoddle ?&eet; levels,' and towards which ?work the council has pledged itself to the extent of ^450. There is a great deal in the contention raised that the matter has been treated somewhat prematurely. We venture to assert that not one ratepayer in a hundred has the least conception of wj^at the work properly consists of, or .whatthe ^450. is for/ The first ray of public light was shed on the matter at' 'a special meeting of the council, and four days after the council had pledged its faith for the amount of expenditure involved ! When we find a municipal king like Cr John Turner crying out in an emphatic and Remarkable manner for information, it is about time to ask, Has the council taken a leap id the dark ? ' At Monday's ? council meeting Cr Turner certainly stated that further information had been laid before them, and that he could consistently vote for the carrying out of the work, but Cr Forbes de nied absolutely that there was an)' further information before Monday's meeting than that supplied at the previous Wednesday evening's spe cial meeting J That is the fix ! And we think there is much reliance to be placed on what Cr Forbes says And let it not be forgotten that the information before the special meet ing was of the most meagre kind ! However, we have been told that the Boulevard will be a grand thing for the city of Prahran. It is to be hoped that so happy a prospective view will prove correct. Councillor A. Drakard is at present on a visit to „ South Australia. His absence ,will' probably extend over four £r '6ye 'weeks. , An item re the George Mackie Lodge is held over till our next. k ThePrah^l^ttincil had a friendly ^^DS)^^iV^s SB*1 tnelocal Bowling -^^m£h^^i^^t- Thecoun 'eiL^aielJ^ej'won.'-: We are not ceiteifi^nffte point. jts-.at fl :??? At the Sfcgsmaa' Court yesterday morning John Uickards was fined £5 with 12s costs, in default distress, on a charge _oi,,exposure . A man named John Devonshire was .fined £5 5s. with £2 2s. costs . at the St. Kilda Court yesterday mdrnin?, on a charge of assaulting Frederick Jupp. Cr. Furneaux obtained judgment for £19 odd against a defendant :- in the Prahran Court on Thursday last. The funeral of the late Mayoress of bt . Kilda, Misfe Selena Kemp, sister of the Mayor, Councillor A. V. Kemp,, took place on Saturday afternoon last, the interment being in the family grave at Melbourne cemetery. The cortege was a lengthy one. . The Mayor of Melbourne was represented by the Town Clerk, Mr. John Clayton,; also present were the Mayor of Prahran (Cr. Simmons), Mr. xoutcner, iii.u.a , several members of tte Board of Directors 6l the A..N;A_, and a number of other leading Mel bourne ami' ' suburban ' representative people. The pall-bearers were Coun cillors Sir George ' Turner, Alien, O'Domvll, Hughes, Connibe^e, Jacoby, the Town Clerk (Mr. John N. Browne), and .the Mayor . of Prahxan (Cr. Simmons). The floral car presented a bjeautiful aaRecJ;«J|too.nghJ of course, it was, at the sauie^ lame, .tinged with that sadness wMch*is*e^er^prninent on occasions --when- we' are' putting our Clearest and dearest to their final earthly test. Many of the wreaths were .handsome and costly. The Rev. Mr. ©ockhari^WeBleyaii ^mister, officiated ?»t the gravfe^andJlie'Rey? JJ'. T. Evans *was also' present ?* Major1* Kemp has jceoeivednnmeronsJeaere'jariB telegrams from all parts expressive of the deepest sympathy, in his bereavement. The demise of the Mayoress was referred, to at -4he Prahran (Council ;.ron Monday evening last, %hen His Worship the Mayor, Cr. Simmons, said, 'I would like to take this opportunity, with much S8&&iM-;$£eT *° tne loss sustained by HS^Worinip the Mayor of St. Kilda (Cr. Kemp), on the death of his poor sister. . I am sure ihe . citizens ' of Prahran will ^join'' witti 'those of St. Eilda in expressing deep sympathy with Or. Kemp in bis bereavement. I beg? to move that the Town' Clerk be instructed the motion.Tvbich was formally carried. Eugene Aarons, for being drank ; . in Marphy street South Yarra, at 12.30, on Suniiaiy^imorning , was discharged at [the Prahran'Court on Monday last . Constable Morxay prosecuted. $ When Mr. Bqrchgrev^nk arrives at (ihe South Pole, yon wil( ^na there the p^trtiaEbfaf, Scotchman smoking his ' cutty^'and reading the latest telegnp,m by the light of an 'Albatross Lamp Wick ' which douses the ' gl)m of qny jther illnminant, and, better still, saves liis ' poach ' hah* the expense in oil. ? S^ceDtrtompiainte' made as 4ov the inadequacy of Police protection in Dandenong road, Windsor, axe now receiving the attention of ^bi*sBP^^^ iu horities, and ft^Prah^^;^^j'*t [ts meeting on Ma^Bay eTBDO^^roceivBd ho ttct,* suggested by the focal' police that their duties of supervision would be (.reatly aided by the provision of additional lamps in tbe locality, while the safety of the public would also be strengthened thereby. It is proposed to make an addition to the police strength of Prahran when men are avaible for the purp'ose' Tbe letter was received, and, on behalf of the lighting committee of the council, Cr John Turner stated that tbe committee would make a personal inspection to see where extra Lighting accommodation was needed in Dandenong road. 'At the St. Kilda Police Court on Tuesiay last Thomas Darby, trainer and jockey, was charged with illegally res cueing two horses from Andrew, ochrane on the 29th January:. The evidence for the prosecution was to the effect that complainant seized the horses, which belonged to defendant, in the Elstern wick Park, and just as .' he got tbe animals to the pound gates defendant rode up and drove them ofi. Defendant denied the charge, but tne bench con sidered the case proved, and imposed a fine of 40s with £2 12s cost6. On the application of defendant's solicitor, tbe fine was increased to £5 Is to admit of an appeal against tbe Court's finding. ' Alma Mater, 'the well-known bright, spruce, intellectual and instructive illustrated literary magazine, continues to meet with much appreciation from a large and ever increasing roll of sub scribers. The managers of the journal, cognizant ' of tbe important position which it has already attained in the world of literature, now make the gratifying intelligence that from the beginning of next year 'Alma Mater' will be issued every month, In addition to numerous other attractions promised, there is to be a special Federation Supplement of 100 pages profusely illus trated, and the title of ' Alma Mater7' is to be replaced by tbe word-wide significant one of ' The Australasian University World.' The editor of the paper is Mr Frank Geach, L/L.B., a well known resident of Prahran, and we congratulate him on bis enterprise. Commissioner J. H. Furneaux's term of office, as one of Prahran's representa tives on the Metropolitan Board of Works, was completed this month by effluxion of time, but, at the Council meeting on Monday evening last. Com missioner Furneaux was unanimous y re-elected to the position, In moving his re-election, Cr. Forbes stated he spoke the feeling of the whole Council when he said that Commissioner Furneaux had in the past done his work energetically and intelligently, as was evident from the reports of the Board's doings, which he had from time to time given to the Council. He had given hours and days of his time that could very much have been more profit ably employed to bis own personal advantage. Commissioner Farneaux was a practical man on tbe Board. There was a long sitting of the Prahran Police Court ou Thursday last, but the cases were not of much public interest, ^he three children of Mrs. Ambrose, of boot-tronk traaedy notoriety, were again remanded for seven days, on a charge of being neglected. Mary Turner, an eccentric individual, 'was remanded for seven days for inquiry. Martha McHarry, alias H. McDonald, received three months for stealing certain articles from Margaret Ball, of 41 Hanover street. and one month for stea ing from Mrs. Emily Aun Hudson, of 27 Argo street, South Yarra. Frank Foley, Frank Wernert, Ernest Callendar, and Arthur Ferguson, all young men, pleaded guiltv to playing pitch and toss in Davies street, South Yarra, on the 5th inst (Sunday). Mayor Simmons said it was a disgrace for respectable young men to p'ay pitch and toss on the Sabbath. He would discharge the accused with a caution, but in doing so he would ask them to put a donation in the poor box. This the young fellows did, and, judging by the rattling of coins, the poor box benefited to an appreciable extent Two charges of alleged indecency against John Joseph Harden were dis missed. Douglas Kersting, a resident of 22 Percy-street, Prahran, was charged with burglariously breaking into the residence of Mrs. Sarah J. Brady, of 133 High- street, Prahran, and stealing a bicycle and some electro-plated ware. Accused was committed for trial. The Court adjourned at 2.15. The Mayor of Prahran (Cr, Simmons), in response to a request of several of the supporters of the proposed Senior Foot ball Club in Prahran, has convened a meeting for Monday nest, the 20th inst. The meeting, which will be a prelimin ary one, will be held in one of the Town Hall rooms, and it is to be hoped that all those interested in tbe movement will be present, especially the secretaries of our local junior football clubs. Two or three athletic events which, through want of time owing to the shrieking of the Hygeia's foghorn calling people aboard for the return voyage at the Prahran Trades picnic at Sorrento, were left undecided. These were con tested at Toorak Park on Wednesday last The chief event was the tug of war, and it was pulled between Corpora tion Employes and a team of All Comets The Corporation lads treated the All Comers as if they (the All Comers) were made of cork and sponge, and the Cor' poration nad an easy win. The prize, two immense vases, presented by Mr. Abe Nathan, the goahead townsman, became the property of the Mayor (Cr. T. Simmons). The Corporation men were afterwards ''treated' at the Orrong hotel, by His Worship, -who con gratulated them on their victory, and expressed bis pronldness thereat. Mr. Abe Nathan also entertained a good muster over a glass of wine, and Mr, J. Beatty, 'J. P.. and Mr. John Cummin spoke of Mr. Nathan's valuable services to all forward movements connected with the city., Mayor Simmons'. health was also toasted. Results of other eventsat the Park were as follows : — Slow Bicycle Race:— W. Male 1, A 3pargo2. r ,, , '? ?.; ,, \\\'T ? ..„,., Smokers' Bace, 130 yards .--^Gilbert 1 ? Norman 2, Stewart 3, Jackson 4. Egg . and t Spoon Race : — Dothie 1 , Jackson 2, ? ' ? ' ......... Members' Handicap, 130 yards :— C. McDona'd 1, H. ,Li6beat,2. 'Kyle 3,iC. ?Gnillot4.' . bJVJiV^T, ?.: ;?:'*? Impromptu Bicycle Bace, 2 Miles, st prise, £1 Is presente4-bv. G. JB. 33ambets, of Orrong hotel:— A. H. Clinton X, R-.Halticlay 2, Al£ Spargp 8. Open Bicycle' Bace, 1 mile:— Alt Jpargo 1, J. Davidson 2. Glinton finished first, 'bat was ' disqualified for mnning inside a flag. - S?:One of Prahran's principal citiz€nr, Mr. Bobert Firth Linay, for years a timber merchant in Chapel-street, South yarra, passed away daring the last week. Mr. Linay died on Saturday night, the lltb inst., at 10 o'clock. After having married in November, 1852, in Edinburgh, the deceased gentleman cam ? to this co ony in 1653 with bis food lady, Jane E rick, in tbe sailing vessel ' Africa,' bound from Liverpool to 1 elbourne. It was the gold which attracted him first to Victoria, and be went to the diggings when the gold fever was at its height. After a 'roving' career, Mr. Linay started a business of his own in Chapel street, Prahran, in the year '1864. His first business place in .'raiiran was opposite the present bus stables, then cai ed ' Barry's jpaddoefc.' A few years afterwards he bought the land where the business is now carried on hy his two sons under tbe style of R and J. Linay, and erected substantial buildings thereon. Jlhis'busines3 is still one of the principal timber establishments in Prahran, able to compete with every firm in and around the city of Mel bourne. Mr. R- F. Linay left three children, viz., Robert Elric Linay and John Hay Linay, the sole proprietors of the present business, and Mrs. Annie Marwick ; two girls died in infant ages. Deceased was noted for bis unostenta tious charitable nature He was one of ihe largest ratepayers of tbe city of Prahran. One of the saddest occur - euces in his life, was that Mrs Linay -lied in 1889, when he was returning from 'a trip to old Scotland with his daughter Annie, now Mrs. Marwick, and was therefore not present when his good lady was carried to her last resting place in' the St Kilda cemetery, where he has joined her on Monday last. - We are in receipt of a statement of receipts and expenditure of money subscribed for the Cabmen's shelter at Windsor. We note thatCr Liixton contributed/'5,CrHaddock £1, Justiec Holroyd £2 2s, Mr D. MacKinnon £2 2e. MrL. Duffield £2 2s, Mr W. Dummond/2 2s, W. Taylor £\ Is, Cr Doeg £1 Is, Mr Fallon £1, Dunham Bros 10s, and various other sums were also donated. Total donations £43 10s. A credit balance is set down at i/6£. The Cabmen at Windsor desire to thank the ladies and gentlemen, who so generously subscribed, also the Prahran council who contributed the balance, (total cost about £65), also the officers of the Prahran council who were re sponsible for the erection. 'Sticking together in all sorts of weather.' — The friendship between man and man which enables them to Etick togeiher in all sorts of weather is a friendship worth having. In times of prrgperity some of us can hardly distinguish a fnecd of this kind from one of the other sort. Bat let the storm c!onda gadier and we soon know who the true friend ie. And when the clouds of sickness gather about us we tarn naturally and instinctively to Iloiloway's pills aad ointment. They are the only friends whose friendship is worth a rap at such times. We know it, and we turn to them, confident in the know'edge that they will restore us to health. 