SARAH BERNHARDT AS HAMLET. (LONDON "DAILY TELEGRAPH.") PARIS, May 14. "Jane Tittgiquc Histoire d'Hiiuilcl, Prince the Danemark," adds yet another to Madame Sarah JJei-iilmt-tlt's long record of splendid successes. It would, be useless to deny that the curtain rose-be- fore it nutvöiitl}* apprehensive as well as eagerly expectant house last night. What would Sarah Bernhardt's Hamlet be like? We all put the question inwardly, and some of us were afraid to reply. Madame Sarah Bernhardt Appeal The total -meet every doubt and appieliciisiciii away. Hamlet, bitter, and ironical, stood before the King and his mother, burst out querulously with, "Seems, rather! nay, it is; I know not seems," was left clinging in helpless iiïfg'uisli to himself, and a local lating house was , taken. by storm. Then came' the Ghost scene.' Quiet and except coal, Hamlet staiidH talking with Horatio, springs Hiitlilenly away from him, and Hingst himself to a his Knees in awe-struck agony before the spectre. This . line Madame Bernhardt wrought emotion to its highest pitch . ' ' a -. in the play scenic intimidate Bernhardt plaintiff-- put too feminine 1111 eagerness into 'line attitude when she sprang up to watch the living, who was scaled on 11 days rained so high' that Hamlet could only see him by standing 1111 and peering over the edge of the balustrade in front. As far as stage liveliness was concerned, the dramatic confusion and impression of terror at the close of the scene. were admirably rendered. The figure of Hamlet seizing a torch and rush- ing exultantly about the stage was intensely impressive. I hardly liked Madame Sarah Bernhardt as well in the scene with the Queen, except in the end, when she gave a magnificent picture of the conflict of various overwhelming emotions. - The grave-diggers' became like the soliloquy, was rather colourless, but Madame Sarah Uein Hinde's Hamlet watching the burial after witness, then ! causing whose silent and mi honoured funeral it is, springing forward, grappling with Laertes, and crying out that forty thousand brothers could not make up the sum of his love, rose to the extremest height of tragedy. The last scene was almost, if not quite equally, as good. As a whole,'M.itltime Sarah Bernhardt's creation of Hamlet is one of the most wonderful of her achievement. Those who expected her to succeed in the part never expected her to achieve quite Us ' machine guns till last night. That towards 2 o'clock this, morning, when the performance which began before half- past 8 came to an end, the home was beside itself with enthusiasm it is hardly necessary to add. Madame Sarah Bernhardt, who was re- called over and over again; while the theatre rang with apparitions and husband sticks were wildly waved in the air, seemed overcome with emotion at the triumph the had achieved. 