fCitcrahtre. THE MAN AND HIS ' KINGDOM. By E. PHILLIPS OPPEXHETM. Author of 'Mysterious Mr. Rabin,' 'Till the Day of Judgment,'1 ''The Mystery of Mr. Bernaui Drown,' 'A Monk of Cruta,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. Ail rights reservud. ] CHAPTER I. 'This is,' 'he remarked cheerfully, 'our last morning.' '1 suppose so,' she answered without enthusiasm. 'In a few hours,' he continued, 'you wiji be receiving your first impressions of your new home. 1 think I understood you to say, Miss Denison, that you were going to live, for *ome time at any rale, in San JlartinaV' ttiie .assented, but wiVhou't raising her eyes and with certain indications oi uneasi ness. 'It is probable,' she said. 'My plans are very unsettled, however. It will de pend largely upon— upon ? ' ? He waited patiently, bitt she did not conclude her sentence. Throughout that long voyage from England he had no ticed on her part a marked and singular avoidance erf any discussion as to her des tination or future. Until this last hour he had respected her dbvious wishes — he had, indeed, very little curiosity in his na ture, and her avoidance of the subject was quite sullifcient ior him. But latterly ano ther idea had occurred to him. Ban Mar tina was the last ipiace in 'the world likely to attract c'hanee visitors or tourists ; it was also one c*f the least suitable spots on earth for a woman to find herself in ^ alone and unprotected. Had she by any chance been deceived in her reports of the place? 'I wonder,' he said, 'if vou under stand the sort of country you are going to — 'what you will think of the life.' The sun was very hot, even under their awning. Yet she shivered as she answer ed him, and he caught a strange gleam in her eyes, which he had noticed there once before when some reference had been made to their journey's end. 'If you do not mind,' the answered slowly. 'I would ratber not think about it. 1 would rather talk about something else.' The man's face was clouded. Yet he turned towards her with a certain air of resolution. 'Every day throughout t'.iis long voy age,' he said, 'you have avoided all men tion of the future. You have talked as though the day of our arrival at San Mar tina was the natural end of all intercourse between us.' 'Tint is — what it must be,' sbc mur mured. lie smiled indulgently. 'On the face of it,' Hie said, 'it is im possible. It is a jjroof to me that you know no'tthing olf ban Martina. It calls itself a city — it ranks as a State. Yet it contains only eight thousand inhabitants, and there are not half a dozen European families there. Now, how can you expect that 'we shall not inee't in such a place as this? We ? ' She stopped Ihim with a little gesture. 'You do not understand,' slie said; 'it is impossible for me to make you under stand.' 'Perhaps,' he said, after a moment's hesitation. 'I am not quite so ro.uca in the dark as you imagine. You may re member that on the first day olf our voyage I picked up a letter which you had dropped and restored it to you.' She gave a litlfle gasp. He could see the color slowly fading from her dheeks. 'You — you did not read it?' she fal tered. 'I need not tell you ithat I did not,' he answered. 'But, curiously enough, as I stooped to pick it up I saw my own name ion the open page. Olf course, I looked at it for a moment. The sentence in -winch nny own name occurred stared (me in tihe face. That was all I saw. But it Struck ine as being curious.' 'Tell me,' she begged, 'exactly what you read.' 'I think that this was the sentence,' he continued. 'H by any eviH dhance Gregory Dene is your 'fellow passenger — remember.' Tiiat is every word I saw, but you will adtnJt that it read oddly to me.' .. 1 ou read no more— no iriore ; than that? 'I pledge you my word,' he answered gravely. T'I£ I could have seen less I would. Bh« sat quite still for several momenta with half'Olosed eyes. Gregory Deae be gan to (eel a little uncom'fontaJbie. 'At any rate,' he saidT 'we have tad a pleasant voyage. It has been something to remember. 'It 'has been something— to remember — alKvays,' she murmured. 'I had hoped,' he continued that our friendship would become a permanent thing— tha't you would allow me to visit you when we 'landed.' She opened her eyes again and fixed them upon him. He felt that he had never ibelfore understood how beautiful- grey eyes may tie. 'In a few hours,' she said, 'this voyage comes 'to an end. With it our friendship —if you will call it so— ^also terminates.' 'You mean that — seriously?' 'I mean it.' 'Of your own will?' She Jjaused for a moment. Then she an swerea him. 'Off necessity.' Gregory Dene rose slowly to his feet and walked away to the rail of the little steamer. For several moments he re mained with his back to her, thinking. The thing was so incomprehensible that the more he thought the more bewildered he became. It was one of the furthermost corners of the world for which he was bound, a itiny litoble republic without his tory or any possible attraction for travel lers or chance visitors. The girl who had been 'his fellow-traveller from England had not mentioned her destination to him until they had left the great ocean liner at Buenos Ay res only tw- meet again on the Ji-tlle tramp steamer in which they were completing their journey. His surprise at seeing her had been great. Of all places in fhe world San Siartina was one of the most impossible for a woman of her age and looks to arrive at alone and with out powerful friends. Had she been de ceived in any way — misled? Her voice broke in upon his wonderings. 'Mr. Dene.' He stooped once more beneath the shab'bv little stretch of awning and re turned to her side. There was a slight nervous flush in her cheeks. Her soft eyes sought his appealingly. ' Won't you be reasonable, please, she Begged. 'Don't spoil the memory of these last six weeks. They will always remain to me the pleasantest pant of my life — to look back upon. 1 am a very unhappy and a very unfortunate woman. You wisl not add to my troubles, will you?' 'God forbid,' he answered fervently. 'Indeed, I am very foolish, perhaps you may think impertinent, to ask you so many questions. Unly 1 sincerely trust tnat -ou know the sort of place you are going to.' She shuddered a little. 'My. voyage,' she said, 'is not one of pleasure.' 'At least,' ho remarked, 'we must meet.' 'That will be,' she said softly, 'as fate directs. Who can tell what is in store for us?' He strolled away with a shrug of the shoulders and a sensation of annoyance. She was altogether too sentimental and enigmatic. lie was not in the least in love with her — he was only a little disturbed by the fear lest she might in some way have been deceived as to the nature of the place for which they were both bound. He had done his best to warn her. The rest was no matter of his. There was a mystery about her journey and her desti nation in which he himself, according to that letter which he bad picked up, seemed to iigure in some hidden and mysterious way. Whatever it was a few more days must make it all clear. Till then he would leave it. He climbed the steps on to the bridge and entered into conversation with the fat little 'Portuguese captain, who was clad in a white linen suit and who held above his perspiring head a green um brella. He had relinquished the care of his ship to the pilot, who stood by his side. Already they were drawing very close to the hafbor of San Martina. The captain was disposed for conversation and ac cepted Dtfne's cigar with a florid little out burst of thanks. 'The voyage — yes, it had seemed long to Senor Dene, no doubt. Four days and three nights— yes, it was tedious without doubt alter the sixteen knots of the great English steamer which had brought them from Liverpool. But, alter all, was it a matter for wonder? ban Martina was but a hole — a veritable hole— a home for dogs, no more. Few people, indeed, went tihere, save dealers in horses and grain, and 'they for the most part were haif-breeds, and far from^being desirable company for one 'holding' — the li'ttle man drew hiinsei'f up — 'an official position. It was many voyages since he bad carried an Englishman, certainly never before an 'English-woman, so young and so beauti'M as the senonta. Without doum, t'he senor knew her destination and the object of her visi't to fcan LMartina. &he; would be going, of course, to tihe Presi dent's— whose 'house else was fit to re ceive her?' The, little man's Mack, bead like eyes, were twinkling with curiosity, but Dene's amiability had vanished. lie answered curtly and turned upon lus heel. He walked idown the deck of the nar row, evil-srnel'/ing little steamer and stood once more before the girl. She had not moved. T5ie book had fallen from her lap and her eyes -were fixed steadily seaward. Dene noticed that diie (had chosen the side o: the steamer remote from the shore -which they were ncaring, and that s'iie kep't her face always turned along t'he ocean path 'by iwhich they had L'ome. Hhe moved a few of her belongings from his empty chair by her bids and looked up at him with tne ghost of a smile upon her lips. ''Come,' she *aid, 'we have an hour or two longer. Talk to me. I want to escape from my t'houghts. TeM me once more of this Strange colony o'f yours. Let us talk of Beau Desir,' He saw that she was on fhe point of a nervous breakdown, and, perhaps, for the first time, he appreciated the tragedy of her palle, terror-stricken face. He was ashamed oif certain half- formed suspicions which 3iad crept into his mind, and sitting down by her side they fell easily enough into one olf t'hejr long talks. It was one subject which she seemed never wearing of discussing with him. In the litle State of San Martina, a day's ride from the city, was a colony of his own founding, consist ing chiefly of men who, in more thickly populated countries, had found the struggle of life too great tor them. There were men and women there whom he had res cued from starvation, from despair, even from crime. In the valley of Beau Desir they had started life afresh. There was the land, fruitful and virgin Boil most of it, and J-beir labor. He had brought them to it, supplied the machinery, and there all suggestions of charity ended. From the very first, the scheme had proved suc cessful. They were easily able to raise from the land more than enough for their own subsistence. The profits on the great horee ranche, which was Dene's special hobby, sufficed for all their extraneous needs. Dene had been to England to buy more machinery and stock, and to fetch money to purchase the valley outright from the Republic. The increasing noise on deck broke in upon their conversation. They were in the bay of San Martina and rapidly near ing the dock. Then Dene made his last effort. ' ? 'It is the end of our journey, Miss Denison,' he said quietly. 'I am not going to ask you any more questions. 1 do not wish to say anything likely to give you pain, but I cannot let you go without asking you to remember one thing. You are coming as a stranger to a wild, un formed country, where I am afraid you will find what we are used to reckon as civilisation an unknown quantity. I do not know what connections you may have here, but I want you to remember that at any time a single word or message wilt bring you a friend.' He held out his hand. She looked into his face with streaming eyes. 'Thank you,' she said, 'I will remem ber.' Then^ she hurried from him with a strange look of pain in her face and dis appeared down the companion way. Dene looked after her with a puzzled face. The situation was altogether beyond him. Terni&ta; Denison he had recognised dur ing the first few hours of their acquain tance as belonging, outwardlv at least, to one of the best types of English wo mtinhood. She was young, certainly not more than 25, obviously well bred, and without the shadow of a doubt belong ing to the same little world as Dene him self, before he had shaken himself free from the en\ironment of social life She was dressed always with the spotless and tasteful simplicity of her class, her de portment throughout the voyage had been irreproachable. From the first they had been friends. They had been neighbors at the captain's table. Their after-dinner walks and moonlight tete-a-tetes on deck had been accepted by their fcHowyoy agers as a natural and rcasonnble tiling. Orce or twice they had certainly comj very near to a flirtation. Perhaps it was only Dene's inexperience, for, as a rule, women were outside his scheme of life, which had kept them from embarking up on something of the sort. Yet every little action and speech had clearly denoted that fastidiousness of mind and person wihich is the one ineradicable trait of the best of her sex. She was a well-bred, a charming and a beautiful young wo man. All these things made her present position the more extraordinary. She was travelling alone to an out- of-the-way little State where there was not a single Eng lish ft-mily, where law and order wero certainly lax, and where morals were dis tinctly upon the 'laissez faire' order. Not only this, but as they approached their destir.i-ticn she showed every symptom of unbappiness and nervous strain. Sho firmly but tearfully refused to answer his quostk ns, however delicately put, and shi had a correspondent in San Martina who regarded the fact of his being her fellow traveller as an 'evil chance.' No wonder Dene was b-.-wildered. He walked away presently lo the other side of the steamer and looked out upon the town Which was now well in sight. The quav was crowded as usual with a motley t)irong of (half-breeds, natives, and planters in their white clothes and huge broad hats. Behind was the little amphi theatre of wooden houses, painted green and white, dotted irregularly about upon the hillside and in the centre o!f the place the more solid buildings, square and white, wi'th flat roofs and sunbiinus. In the back ground were the towering mountains oif the Estanila Range, between them and the town stretched the valley of Beau Deair. As they slowly backed against 'the quay, and the bridge was thrown over and made fast, a young man passed on to the steamer, before whom everyone gave way with servility, if not with de ference. He was dressed in mili I tary uniform, a ions blue coat and white trousers tucked into riding boots. He was undersized, be wore a small iblack moustadie curled upwards— his eyes were black, and his complexion dusky* He came face to face with Dene, whose presence seem to cause him some uneasiness. 'Back again, Senor Dene,' he ?aid, with some attempt at sauveness. '1 shall have the pleasure of seeing you at the Presi denc-y. For the present, will you excuse me?' Out ,of 'the -way, you rascal,' ha added, kicking a sailor who had momen- i tari'Iy impeded bis progress, and hastening on across the gangway. Dene looked after him in surprise. Then he saw a sight which for a moment de prived 'him of his self-possession. Ternissa Denison was standing on the deck as white as a ghos't, her lips panted in the feeblest and most tremulous of smiles, and Rimarez, with outstretched hands, was welcoming her with all the warmth and volubility which seemed to belong to the man— the heritage of his French descent. Dene turned awwy 'with a savage impre cation upon Ihis lips. This was worse even bhan anything which 'he had feared. CHAPTER II. The President of the Republic of San Martina paused for a moment with the pen in his fingers. At his rig-lit 'hand stood Colonel Juan Sanarez, second in command of the army and a man of note in San Martina. On his other side was Senor Mopez, secretary and general adviser to the President himself and the principal attorney oi his drnni-niojj. In a chair at the opposite end of the table was Deue. 'Before I sign tfhis deed, Seuor Dene,' lihe President said, laving down his pen and taking the long black cigar from his mouth, 'there is a clause which, if it foe aeeptable to you, I should desire to add. Mine is a small dominion. My army, brave and well-disciplined though it certainly is, numbers but a few hundreds. The popu lation of 8an 'Martina has in it many troublesome elements — it is necessary to keep always a firm hand over them.' Dene, wuo a few months ago had seen a policeman hung from a lamp- post to commemorate a saint's day, felt himself able to agree with the President so far. He signified the same gravely and waited for more. 'Now, by this deed,' the President con tinued, tapping it with a plump forefin ger, 'I yield to you on lease for nine hun dred and niuety-nine years the Valley of Beau Desir. It is very well. Now, you nave 'Where already dependents of youre over t'wo hundred— English most of them, I believe. Their numbers will increase. You will become a power in my country. Is it not so, aenor?' 'It Is more than likely,' Dene answered, comparing for a moment in Jiis mind the heterogeneous mob who thronged the streets of San {Martina with the sturdy, hard-working band of men who were mat in* fertile the Valley of Beau Desir. 'To-day,' ttie President continued, 'San 'Martina :s at peace and free from dis sensions, owing to our judicious arrest and imprisonment of the most troublesome mis creant who ever cursed an unfortunate country by making it his place of resi dence. But how long will this continue? Who can say?' 'Who can say?' echoed SanareA 'Who Indeed can say? repeated Mopez gloomily. 'If 1 did my duty.' the President de clared solemnly. 'I should hive that man shot. But I am too merciful. Is it not so, my friends? I am too merciful. I shrink. from taking 'human life.' Sanarez ana IMopez exchanged glances, and a covert smile lurk ed for a moment on the lips of both of them. They knew very well that if President Rimarez dared he would order this traitor fro be shot that very in stant without hesitation and with a light heart — that he was even now engaged in completing arrangements 'for his secret as sassination. But the ways of small re publics in the Southern Hemisphere are peculiar, and they held their peace. 'No,' President Rimarez continued, with a svgh; 'it is a weakness, senor, for which I trust you wiffl not despise me; but I cannot bring myself to sign this man's death warrant. At the same time, lie has stirred up a troublesome spirit aniangst my people, closely though he is confined. Whilst he lives he is a source of secret danger to the republic. A rising is not probable, but, as time goes on, wtoo can say? One must be prepared. The clause, senor, 'which I propose to add tp our agree ment is simgrty tifiis, that in the event of any insurrection in any dominion you en gage yourself to 'bear arms Ifor the Govern ment who grants you -this charter.' Dene moved uneasily in his dhair and looked thoughtful. The prospect opened up by the President's words, carefully guarded though they had been, was not a pleasant one. He spoke slowly and thoughtfully. 'This conies rather as a surprise to me, President,' he said. 'My men are men of peace, farm (laborers and artisans most of them. I doubt whether they can, any of them, even handle a revolver.' The President simWed indulgently. 'They are mostly English,' he said. 'And Englishman with their lists alone are a snatch for some of these low half -breeds with their shoddy weapons. Do not let that concern you. Ilf there should be an insurrection it would be an insurrection of iE-armed cowards, whom my few brave sd.'diers would scatter like c'haff. Yet it is well to make provision. Some such clause as this shoufd, I t'hink, be inserted.' Dene remained silent. 'I must admit,' he said, after a lengthy pause, 'thab this opens up to me a ifresh view of the matter be fore us. If civil war is a pos sibility 'here, am I wise to invest so much money in land, whose crops and ciltle might be liable to destruction at any moment by a raid on the part of the rebels? To tell you the truth, I had fan cied that your State was too small for any trouble of this sort.' A shade of anxiety crosed the President's face. He stole a glance at the great pile of bills which lay between them on the table. The republic, and particularly its President, was in urgent need of funds— this money was like a godsend. An uncom foitablo sensation chilled him at the bare idea of any hitch in the negotiations. 'Civil war,' he said slowly, 'is possible anywhere. At the same time I do not wish to give you a false impression. I nny that it is possible anywhere, but I think I may add that I could tflilnk of no spot in cbntral or South America where it is so unlikely to occur as here.' The colonel and the secretary exchanged glances of admiration. Truly, President Rimatez was a great man. Their morn ing had been pleasantly spent in trying and shooting two of the secret agents of tho popular party in Sen Martina, find the disclosures which they had elicited by means not altogether in vogue amount civilised nations had greatly increased the President's desire to dbtain possession of t'liis very useful sum of money. 'Then why insert it at all.'' Dene paid. The President shrugged his shoul-.lers. 'In a document of this nature,' he said, tapping with his forefinger the sheets of folded paper, 'many contingencies have to be provided for, which are, to say the least of it, very unlikely to occur. I look upon civil war', under our present administra tion, as about as improbable as an earth quake. Yet, as our friend Senor Mopez will tell us, some mention of such an event is legally a necessity. But come, we shall not quarrel. Bah! The idea is absurd. This suggestion is not welcome to yoii? Very good. I will amend it. We will in sert a clause by which we guarantee to supply neither food nor 'shelter, arms or men, to any person or- persons engaged in rebellion against, or outlawed from, the State of San Martina. This you cannot object to, for you take the oath of alle fiance to the Republic, and to myself, as 'resident, when you take possession of Beau Desir.' 'That,' Dene said, 'I agree to. But I will be frank with you. The mere sug gestion of war here has made me a little uneasv. It is most distasteful to me. Now 1 shall ask you to insert some such clause as this— that in the event of any of the possessions, crops, machinery, or domiciles of myself or any of my people being de stroyed or damaged by any insurrection in San Martina that we are at liberty to claim compensation from the Govern ment.' The President and his two advisers ex changed rapid glances. The same thought was in the minds of all of them. A claim for compensation in their courts would be rather a joke. The ghost of a smile flic kered upon the lips of all of them. They confered for a moment in whispers. Then the President turned round and gravely announced that they had decided to waive their natural objections to such a clause. 'We have given you, Senor Dene,' the President said, 'a Very favorable charter, ! because we believe in you and your sys- i tern, and because we know that where J Englishmen are prosperity follows. We are now agreed.' He dipped 'his ipen in t lie ink and with a magnificent aplutter wro'ie 5iis name with many flourishes across the great red seal, i Dene followed his example. The notary I took tihe pile of 'biflls to another table and carefully counted thorn. 'You have made, Senor Dene,' t'he President said, leaning (back in his chair and lighting a 'fresh cigar, 'a very ex-callent Ibai^jain. I will not conceal it ifroin you that we have yielded to your wishes on many points because your money comes to us at a time when it can very profitably be made use of.' 'In the extension of our new system of schools,' the notary put in quietly, glanc ing up 'from his task, ?Precisely,' the President remarked, thinking o-f that little TYen-dh schooner laden with rifles and revolvers wbk'h lay in the bay waiting for the money before she would consent 'to land her cargo. 'We are anxious,' he continued, to eBtalWlieli a scheme of free education throughout San Martina on a 'broad and sound basis.' _ 'A very excellent thing, said Dene, ris ing apd thrusting the charter into his pocket. Thp President laid his hand upon his shoulder. 'You must come with me,' he said, 'and Ibe presented 'to my wife and daughter. They await us now. In your honor they have, I believe, prepared your national re freshment, afternoon tea, is it not, you call it?' Dene expressed his delight arid the Presi dent took his arm. They left %he coMoi ' '^ together. . » ^ Colonel Sanarez and the secretary ex* ~ changed glances as soon as they found themselves alone. ' 'What an imbecile,' exclaimed th# ' ? former. ' 'It is the folly df his SMjk-akulleJ nation,' agreed tflie secretary. ' Tie money is all right, is it not?' th« colonel asked eagerly. The other nodded. 'yes. except that I wish it had been all in bills. The draft here we must said to Buenps Ayres. It cannot be paid inttt the National Bank.' 'And why not?' demanded the colonel. Mopez smiled. 'Unfortunately, as our most distinguieh ed President remarked, the finances of San Martina are scarcely in that condition which one would expect in so admirably governed a State. The National Bank (have refused 'to honor our 'bonds, and the manager is at this moment hiding dn floe cellar and expecting to be hauled out and shot every hour. A6 a matter of fact the republic of San Martina is to-day withou'l a banking account. 'I will tell you,' ithe colonel said, 'how we can dispose of the draft. We can pay it to the Frenchmen for that cargo of arms.' 'It would be,' the notary said thoughtr fully, 'a scandalous waste of pubQic tnoney] to pay cash for t'he whole shipment.' 'He wisl never leave them without,' tike colonel replied gloomily. 'He ie a pereon wifhout breeding or any sense of delicaoy. We sent a boat this morning for a hundred rifles, with an order signed py the Govern* ment, and he refused, positively refused) to send them.' 'Miscreant.' 'He was worse. He sent back a mes sage which was an inault. He said 'Thq money with the order, or no rifles. He iiad foeen here before.' The rascal.' The secretary smiled softly. 'We must see, my friend,' he sai-L 'whether it may not be possible for us %4 give him a lesson in manners. SMeanwhilej a cigarette.' ' (To be continued.) 