PERSONAL NOTES FROM LONDON. (From our Special Correspondent.) .London, December lSy&» A very 'pleasant party foregathered at the Australian Club on Tuesday afternoon, when the Agent-General invited the South Australian members and a few friends to meet his Excellency the Go vernor. Sir Eowell Buxton, accompanied bv -Mr. Noel 'Buxton, .arrived soon aitei l with i)r Cockbufn, and was coidiaiiy ereeted by Mr. W. B .Wilkinson, Mr. Bercy Arnold, Mr. Burney Young,- and ?.ih-ci' gt/i"ss"ss' Mffeienenct, and himIimiiip added to his natural kindness of heart and Lore) remembered many whpm he had SPThiieAgent-General, of. cdursOj. hea^d the festive board, with the Go . ' Mr. Noel Buxton on his. right ana heir, and Mr. W. B. Willdnsoh m the vice- chair Mr. Percy Arnold occupied the fccat o honor next to his Excellency, and the came Mr. Mark Attenborough, Idr. Bur ney Young, Mr. A S. fiathbone. Mi- B Ji\ Coniguive, and Mr. .Ales- kublK. Opposite were Mr. J. R. Towier, Mi. A F. VVicksteed, Mr. Strickland Mr. W._G. Tweedie, Mr. George Elias, and Air. u. V\ • Braund. The catering oi the club, still leaves a good deal to.be desired, .nou n the soup and South Australian dumb. • Tuesday were) like Mr. W. B. Yvilkms • cigars, excellent. Mr. Burney Young in troduced me to one of his favorite South Australian white wines, ot which he re marked affectionately that there was: not a headache in a hogshead. I agreed as to the headache, .but nearly forfeited Mr. Young's regard for ever by hinting that i suspected colonial wines of gouty ten dencies. Fortunately Ail-. Mark Atten borough threw himself handsomely into the breach, declaring that though lie had had gcut occasionally ne never sux fered the smallest twinge through South Australian vintages. . Mr. > oune iuebned to seize on this testimonial lor ad vertisement purposes, and it was univer sally admitted that.a -Widely dissmmna.M portrait of t'he genial and kindly lawy.., underlined with the words I his is .m. Mark lAtteffborough, wiio used tc1 "ffa from gout, but now supports a Painless and blameless existence on ^eGmern iheiit guaranteed wines of .-5011th Am oral.c ought to sell hundre. 3 01 dozens. . f should like To have put a breM qua fcion to his Excellency, concerning his ie turn- to the colony, but .felt the query miMit not be acceptable m pubne. .rh Governor told me that personally the heat of South Australia in summer time cud not ?nconvenience him at all, and that ne wa, idwaysquite happy providing ne got b* ride on horseback 111 tne cool of tne da,.. Of 'Mai'ble Hill and, its ■ attractions spoke with enthusiasm. Bux .MerSS^$^ iMa^d St? IMwi Mni^thUDr. Co| burn. He is steadily eschewing pubhc dinners and functions of all land*, family spend Christmas at VV arlies- . ■ . It will he remembered that when the -V cents-General of the colonies, with which the late Sir Georgee^Grey, had 1leen oliieially associated, inet yitli a mew to obtaining foiMns remains the honor „ terment m.bt. rauis, a ... . as to who would defray the cost and .hat T)r Cockburn and the Hon. W. x.-txeei e» lirom'itlv pledged t'he colonies they sented to bear a. full share d « disbursements, intimating that n tneai Governments did no^ see tk'i ^ J honoring• the pledges tney would = amounts good out of then ,0^" ToYCrai Neither Governments nor Agea.s Geneiai however, have been called upon to-stand to the-pledges, for.the represeatotive^ot. the great consul have, as aws generally antichmted, insisted on bearing the entire, e0in° spite^of- sundry drawbacks the Aus tralasian Club continues t0 ^ satisfactory progress with its memKxJbl. Among the latest initiates is bu wba-ies , TiSpei tbe Canadian High Commissioner. ( Sir Charles's only qualification for member- j ship is, I believe, that of being a mreetor , of some Australian concern or otaer, but it passed muster with the committer and 1' don't think any of the members are likely to object to the election, fhe-Ya rn g of the majority is perhaps best ex pressed in the oft-heard phrase, Let em all come." The members recognise, think, that out of Australasia they will not be able to build up a sufficiently strong membership to support a house of tneii own, and there are many objections to .he club remaining a mere lodger at rhe Ship arid Turtle. ' . - a. . The battle between the Exploration Company and the Cord' Kintore section of the directors of the Sulphide Corporation, to decide which party should "boss the show," was fought; out at the general meeting held on Monday, and resulted m a glorious victory for the Kintoiites. .Tne shareholders passed a resolution expi ess iug entire confidence in their chairman and his colleagues, Mesrs. Keating, G. M. Reid, and the Hon. H. Gibbs, and further stated their opinion that the retirement ox Messrs. MeDermott arid Matesdorf (who pose as shareholders' directors, but are really Exploration Company nomi nees), was imperative in the interests of the corporation. Both by bis speech and his management of the. meeting, Lord lux tore proved bis reputation. for being one of the best chairmen of directors 111 the city, and his victory over Messrs. Lukaeh, AIcDeruiott, and Matesdorf (Messrs. Sha draeh, Mdshaeh, and Abednego, an ir reverent shareholder named them), was emphatic, and it is not expected that the Exploration Company will - join issue again in a hurry. The poll demanded by the Ex ploration party showed a majority or 203.2133 shares' in favor of Lord Km .ores motions, which were for the adoption ox the report and accounts, and the election of Mr. Cox as a director. The meeting also passed resolutions for the reduction of the capital from, £1,000,000," divided into 550,000 preference shares of £1 each (ful ly paid), and 550,000 ordinary shares of £1 each (fully paid), to £962,500, divided into 550,000 preference shares.of £1 each, and 550,000 ordinary shares of 15s. each, , such reductions being effected by cancelling capital which lias been lost or is unrepre sented by available assets, to the extent of 5s. per share itpon each of the said or diuai-y shares, and by reducing the no minal amount of the said ordinary shares from £1 to 15s. each, and that the name of the company be changed to "The Sul phide Corporation, Limited." -In the Australasian'Club a-day or so ago I ran across 'Mr. H. W. Phillipps, who hail just' returned from Malvern, whither •he went a couple of montns ago for a brief spell, and remained to undergo treatment at one of the hydropathic-establishments. That he had greatly benefited therefrom one judged on sight, and Mr. Phillipps con firmed one's judgment by stating that he fejt stronger and better than he had done for many .years past. • A few months ago it seems, one of the leading London spe cialists informed Mr. Phillipps that he would never be able to stand the South Australian climate again, and begged him to abandon allidea of returning except on a brief visit. 'Mi-. Phillipps was inclined to accept the physician's verdict, tot is now confident 'that the man of medicine made a mistake. lie at any rate intends •to return to the colony by one of the steamers leaving London next March. Put that he will-stay in South Australia is, I an inclined to think, very doubtful. Dr. Gockburn will he -the guest-of the evening at the annual dinner to be held on .Wednesday at the Criterion of ..'the "old boys" of Highgate School, who meet as the Old Ohomeleians Club, the toast of which the Agent-General will propose. ■ The "Chronicle" is of course perfectly right in saying that the appointment of the Earl of Hopetouii as Lord Ohambe'r lain will be prodigiously popular in Aus y perhaps, however, he ] •tralia. I may perhaps, however, he per mitted to express a gentle scepticism with regard to the veracity of the following en f ging anecdote. The writer says Lord bpeboun was whilst Viceroy never at a loss for a gracious bow or conciliatory speech. On one oceasion, when visiting the Zoological Gardens in Melbourne, in state, a printer's messenger, whilst -wait ing'for a reporter's/"copy," in order to take it to the city office of a-daily news paper, improved the occasion by walking up to Lord Hopetoun and introducing him self . The Governor bowed in his: state liest -manner, and solemnly grasped ."the proffered grimy hand. ; It is shrewdly suspected that the ap pointment of Lord Hopetoun, wlio was oply fourth favorite for the Lord Ohamberlain's post, is largely due-to the representations of his friend, Loid Kin tore, who as Lord in -Waiting and persona grata at Court, had ample opportunities to represent in the right quarter the ex-Governor. of Vic toria's .. pre-eminent suitability for^- 'the work. Unquestionably no living- member of .the House of Lords on the Conservative side could fill the role better. ■Mr;•"T.-E.. W; Buxton, who has, I regret to learn, been ill, is now convalescent, and recuperatinft-yt-St. Leonards. . . • A sPrfTrmg and uppjeasnftt: discpyeyy was made at the beautiful mediaeval, epis copal residence of the Bishop of Bath and Wells (Dr. Kenniori) on Wednesday morn ing. The lodgekeeper lives in a lodge overlooking &u; ancient drawbridge which? spans the moat, and when he got up at half-past 6 he found sis or seven inches of water in his lower rooms, and the water still rising. Many of the'lower rooms of the palace and private chapel were alscf flooded, as well as the lawn. The hatches' of the moat were raised, and the fire engine and a staff of men requisitioned^ and the water was pumped out of the It of the servants hall chapel, aiid also out M 1 he flooding of the buildings caused much. inconvenience, and will be a source of dis comfort 'fof some time to come. The r©' cent heavy rains have kept the water im the moat at high level for some time, and the downpour on Tuesday caused' it to overflow the hanks, with the result de scribed. The above occurrence gave the '"'GlobeV ; funny man an obvious opening, and this is? how lie used it:—"Bath and Wells sounds a watery see, and Bishop Kenniot's dis courses are never dry, so his lordship has at least the consolation of knowing that the mishap could not have occurred more . appropriately to any other prelate." The Miss Patterson, who -married Mr. A. Buck Kitchener, the .Sirdar's younger brother, on Tuesday, is a daughter of Mr. • John Patterson, of Melbourne. Lord Kit chener played best man at the wedding,, and the cordial smack of the bridal kiss, .which . he bestowed on his new Austra^ lian sister-in-law could have been heard at Khartoum. Some hitherto unpublished reminiscences of Sir Henry Partes are, I hear, to be found in an article by Patehell Martin on 1 the "Queen and the United States," which appears in the current issue of Dr. Dabb's eccentric little weekly "Vectis." ' • 111 luck dogs the managerial footsteps of "Dot" Boueicault. The new piece at the Court Theatre (Mr. Esmond's "Cupboard Love") has proved evenja completer fiasco ' than its predecessor. Not a single critic, had a good word for it. According to the "War Cry" scribe who "did" the thanksgiving meeting held by the Salvation Army at Holborn Restau- rant, at which Dr. Cockburn presided, this is how the £1,000 necessary to the con- tinuation of the work of rescue among fallen women was raised. He says:— "There is a tide in the affairs of public demonstrations, which taken at the "flood, leads on to success. Mrs, Booth, by her capable and telling address, had introduced a flood of feeling and conviction, and mow' Colonel Cox, calm and keen as ever when facing business problems, tackled financial affairs, and engineered them to victory Soon she was holding aloft a crisp bank-: note for £5; jthen a little toy laundry basket, containing a touching little letter ' from some of Mrs. Booth's grateful 'chil- • ; dren,' who had been helped and blessed,- ; and enclosing three half-sovereigns and a sixpence! Then we had artillery! - The boom of the magnificent '£200,' mingled ; ! with the sharp and effective, gatling-shot "... of the 'guinea. Sweden, in the person of its commander, Commissioner Oliphant, contributed one hundred kroner, Lord Monkswell punctuated his speech with a ! £o donation, and the hon. chairman added two guineas on his own account.: Another 'friend'signified! £100; a Church of England clergyman (God bless him!): £2. An ex citing episode followed. Colonel Cox an nounced that 'only £8 was needed to make up the thousand! The chairman promptly gave an-eighth. Gentleman Walks up to the front with another 'sov.' Competition ensues, iy which the winging figure is passed with a slight margin for expenses. * Hallelujah!" . ' , . In. the presence of several members of the Childers family, of Lord Glenesk,-the Agent-General for Victoria (Sir A. Clarke., Sir G. Engleheart, Dr. Wliite Cooper, and many members of the Colonial Institute, a • tablet in memory of the late Mr. Hugh. " CniMers was unveiled by the Dean- of ... Ripon in the Chapel Royal,- Savoy, on Saturday afternoon. Dr. Fremantle, in' an appropriate address, recalled the.'many- .. good qualities of the late distinguished statesman and Anglo-Colonist. . ' ■ By dhe long-expected resignation of the Bishop of Bangor, Dr. Kennion .becomes entitled to a seat in the House of Lords: Dr. Kennion was consecrated Bislrpp of Bath and Wells on his1 return from' Ade- . laide in 1S91,-and was the first.of the two spiritual peers appointed by Lord" Rose-. bery, the other being tne Bishop of Here- . ford, who will be the next to enter the Upper House. The remaining bishops now waiting their seats in the House of Lords are the Bishops - of Roch ester, Newcastle, Peterborough, St. Davids, Bristol, Wakefield, and,; wnen appointed, Bangor. : Only . 21 bishops may sit in the House of . Lords . at one time," the others barfing toy" wait their tarn, and entering according, to . seniority of consecration. I- never had the pleasure of meeting tha late "Jimmy" Tyson, but if the biography' v cal details supplied to a contemporary by an ex-employe-of the dead millionaire are correct, one didn't miss much. We are told" that Mr. Tyson never . smoked, drank nothing stronger than tea, "eschewed the minor luxuries'of the table-' (whatever "that may ■ mean), never kissed a girl, and never visited a theatre or place of entertainment in his,life. If these things are true one \ can only say "Poor fellow." The ex- .i employe, heedless of the maxim "De mor tals," &c.;, tells us further that Tyson's charitable gifts'were mainly 'of . the invest- . ment order, but fails to indicate whether "Jimmy" looked for the interest on earth or in the place where he has gone. ' _ . , , The example of New Zealand in passing ', an Old Age Pensions Act. does not seem. \ to have eilcourage'd Mr. Chamberlain to \ hopefulness regarding the possibilities' of an English measure. His references to. the- i subject are entirely on the deerescendo > scale. Some time ago the "Daily-New^s" : published extracts from the Colonial Bee- . ; retary's speeches, and in a letter to .Wed- ! . , nesday's papers the right hon. gentleman ' sang even smaller.. Instead of "'Mr? Ohanij' r" beriain's programme—krid. age pensions.' ... ■we have come down t-o " the' subject is one of extreme 'difficulty, .and not to be lightly - dealt with." .Yet on July 12, 1S95, the . subject was declared on the same autho rity to be "so simple that everybody eduld understand it," and on July 4, 1894, to be "•quite, ripe for •legislation.'-' . . __ - I The- lengthy obituary notice b'f Alass ; Jane Cakebread (the heroine of 300 con- ' vietions for drunkenness) which I sent you ■ three months ago, was, I am concerned to say, a little premature; Though given out •by the papers as moribund, Jane, did not choose to die then.' On the contrary, she got better, and was presently vigorous enough (though bed-ridden) to be able to I launch out hel- left leg at- a doctor ex- • aminjing her, and break two of his rios. This characteristic little display, of " spleen ■ , unfortunately alienated workhouse sympa thies, and, I fear, that till the. yfenerable . lady gave iip the ghost on Monday last, she : had anything but a gay time. Jane-knew . the was dying, and looked forward to the future fearlessly. When she referred 'to , the matter in the wards, it was usually to f compare her dazzling destiny with the des- 5 tinies of the attendants, whose ineffectual ' wrigglings -"in torment" she breathed':a . neighborly prayer she. might witness. To s .■ the last Jane retained her keen _ sense b.r humor. The papers are once again full off stories of the oid woman's eccentricities,x ■ but I think I- exhausted the subject in, my other and previous—much too previous —article. Cake-breadMid not live.in vain, as it was chiefly owing to her case Parlia ment passed the Habitual Drunkards^ Ace, • whidh comes into force on Hew Year's J3av; A variety of sympathetic paragraphs. have been in circulation recently concern ing that prince of old Yffne single-handed entertainers, Mr. Fred -McCabe.' One. en-; . - terprising scribe consigned "poor old Fred" to the workhouse) and wept ' copiously (in print) over the: misfortunes,. -: of "this light of other days." Bill Mr. McCabe is not, dependent on public «* charity, and is not iikeiy to become so whilst his brother, Major John McCabe, -• is in the land of the living- The work house naragraph no doubt was the out-. - come of a vivid imagination being brougnfc to bear on the prosaic fact that owing to ah- accidental - fall on bis head 'Mr.- '/ MeCabe's brain suffered somewhat, and on ' the advice'of medical men the "wandering minstrel" was placed for a time in the Union Hospital at Ormskirlc— quite a different institution ..to the workhouse in-, firmary, in which ive were told poor old ■ Fred was pining away. Mr. MeCabe's • progress towards. recovery is, J hear, very slow, but this is hardly to be wondered at since the sufferer has. passed ■ three-score years and ten. ■ - . After many weeks of newsnaper warfare George 1 owns and W. A. Barry, the con testants m the final heat of the Sculling. Championship rowed. in September last, -■ have agreed to fight their -battle- over again. Ihe pair -met, on Wednesday at the Sportsman -Office, and came to an agree ment^ race for dSilOO, the Challenge Cup, and . the championship of England on May - 1 next. Each man put up £10 as a guaran- ' Jee, 1 Scod faith, and must deposit a. further suni of £90 on .March 15, tli'e final , instalment of £100 - each falling due on April 2G. - To prevent the possibility of - legal squabbles over the; stake money: be tween the. winning-.man-and his backers a clause is inserted;in tile articles by which the stakeholder is called upon to pay £200 to itlie winner and divide the. remaining £200 among the subscribers to his stake : " money in proportion to , thq- aniount sub scribed by' each individual, „ - - 