THE STORY-TELLER. THE TROTTING COB. BY WANDERER. My word! it's a great night for rain, exclaimed old Ben Browniow, returning from, the verandah whither he had gone to inspect the weather, and closing the door behind him, week like this and all the stock routes will be open again, even the 'Old Man Plain.' I think it's a fair thing .that we should celebrate tiie breaking- up of the drought. What do you say, boys, 1 know I'll he glad enough to get a start again." A murmur of assent rose front the circle gathered around the lire in the comfortable parlour of old Tom Mostyn's hotel at Dub bo, where six or seveu of us drovers had been enjoying an enforced "spell" for some months, praying and cursing by turns as each succeeding day brought a fiercer heat and a brassier sky. Now, however, the change had come in earnest, and the rain had poured down steadily for some hours, turning the air so raw and chilly that our genial host had ordered a fire to be lighted for our especial benefit. Ben's motion being earned unanimously the "priest's" bottle was called for, and we drank with unction to "grass and water, and plenty of it." "1 don't know why it is," continued old Ben, setting down his empty glass, "but this night, and the sound-of the drip, drip outside reminds me forcibly of the time I saw the Trottin' Cob." "The Trotting Cob?" I interrupted, "what cob do you mean? Surely there's wore than one animal of that description in Australia." Ben looked at me pityingly, while two or three of the others laughed. "The youngster's green, Ben," said Tom Wilson. "You must remember be hasn't been on the road as long as we have. Most likely he's never been through by old Smith's and the Pine Ridge." "Bless my,; soul!" exclaimed Ben, "I thought every drover in the island had heard of the Black Swamp and the Trottin' Cob, but it appears 1 was wrong." "You can't expect a man to Jcnow every thing at once," 1 replied; "and, besides, nearly all 'ray work lias been done m Queensland. I've only made one trip down this way. What's the yarn about the Black Swamp?" "Go on, Ren; out with it," said George Morgan, a big, bluif, goodhearted Corn stalk; "I've never heard the rights of the aflair myself. 1 mind, an old bloke pitchin' about it when 1 was a kid; but I've heard two or three different tales since, ion ought to know the real strength of it." "ifou bet your life i just do," answered Ben. "I'm not likely to lorget it either. I've had some pretty lively scares in my time, but 1 never felt my hair lit'tin' my hat off, before or since, the way it did that night. 1 know I wouldn't camp at the Black Swamp again—no, not for all the rice in China. Some men '11 tell you they heard the-cob trottin', but I seen him— aye, and seen what be carried. But hold oil a bit, 1 d belter start at tue beginning. "it must have been close on twenty-live years ago that I first took cattle across from li.ay to Deiiiliquin. 'filings were a bit better then so far as iced an' water went. The country wasu't stocked so heavily, and a man could get a mile or two from the road without haviii* a Jackeroo galiopm' after him, tlireatenin' to i-ag linn tor not keepin' within his bounds. I had a thou sand head of store bullocks from Mount Cornish—grand cattle they.were, too, just in prime condition for traveilui', neither too lat nor too poor. They were steady, too, able to do tlic-ir fifteen or twenty mile a day if necessary, an' yet easy blocked if you weren't in a hurry. My eoiomal! those were the times when a man had a chance oi makin' a bit. I had 3s. Od. a head for those' bullocks, an' half my horses lound. They'd want you to take 'em itJr a sinking now, and be glad to get 'em. [Most eon tract droving is done at so inucli per head per hundred miles.j i never remember bav in' easier times on the road than 1 had that trip. The bullocks were broke in that well that all you had to do, it you wanted to wheel them, was to ride to the w^ng and sing out, an' you'd see them turn m just like old workers. i had no trouble even swimmin' them across. the River at Bourke, altnough she was rumiiu' pretty strong. I just brought tlieni up nice an' quiet, stcadyin' the lead myself, an' when I rode old Quart-pot into the stream ail' swam him across, they never hesitated a minute, but followed me like so many dogs. The day after we crossed I lost one of my best men. He'd been aifin' a bit for some time, an' the wettiu' brought back an attack of fever and ague that he'd caught out in the Gulf country the year beioye. J was real sorry to part with liim, but the poor chap coukbi'.t even ride in the dray, so i had to leave him behind and en gage another man in his jilace. It wasn't easy to find one either. Wages were good and stockmen scarce, and, as you all kuow, unless a man thoroughly understands his work he's worse than useless witn cattle. It's different with sheep; any fool cau*drive them." Uid Ben's voice as lie said this was full of the scorn which every true wielder of the stockwhip looks upon the "wooily stock- i man," the driver of the lowly but useful "monkey." "Well, I searched all the pubs without findin' any one to suit me, an' was just thiukin' J d have to go an sliortlianded, when an ugly black-a-vized cove .comes up to me and asks me if I didn't want a man. 1 didn't like the look'of liim at all, but there was no mistake lie was all right among stock. I could tell that by the cut of him, without a .skin' questions. He was very par ticular about the route 1 intended to take; wauled to know if I couldn't go some other track than that across the Old Man Plain, an' when I told him that 1 wouldn't alter my plans just to suit him he hesitated as if he'd half a mind uot to take the job. He bad good reasons for wish-in' to avoid the Black Swamp, but I didn't know them till afterwards. He was 'stony,' however, had been on the spree in the township for over a month, an' liad that many dogs tied up" —Anglice—Had contracted so many debts —"that lie couldn't pass a pub without one of em barkin' at him, eo at last he made up bis mind to . chance it and come with me. You see, the Black Swamp "was a long "way off, and the dogs were close liandy, an' I've always found that "a small danger near by scares a man a heap worse than a much greater one some distace from him. We got along bully after leavin' Bourke, an' the new man, Bill East, he called himself, turned out a reg'lar treasuf-e. He was al ways the first to catch his horse of a morning, an' the last to leave the mob at night. You'll notice that no matter how good the general run of stock men are, most of 'em are always in a hurry to get' to the camp of a night, but Biil East never left the cattle till the horse tailer came out to take charge, even if he had to wait half an hour. In spite of all this, however, lie was no favourite. I tried to reason myself out of my dislike to wards him, but it was no use. I simply couldn't abear the man. As for the rest of the boys they wouldn't even speak civil to hiip, an' used to throw out all sorts of slurs at him, till at last, one day, he took the biggest man among 'em by tbe scruff of the neck, an' gave him tlie father of a jolly good bidin'. They let him _ alone after that, an' be returned tbe compliment. I don't think he spoke a dozen words to anybody but myself for the rest of the trip, or, at least, till he left us. I didn't want him to talk to me either, hut I forced myself to listen, because I really thought I was doin' the mau an injustice by dis likin' him so. 1 was curious, too, to know why he always harped on the same sub ject. If he spoke to me twenty times a day, it was always to try to persuade me to get my way-bill altered, an' take some other track than that across the 'Old Man plain.' He kept tellin' me that I'd be sure to lose half the bullocks on that long dry stage from Hay to the Swamp;' said that he'd been across there with one' man who had a terrible time, and so on, but I felt quite sure that it wasn't the cattle he was thinkin' about, or my pocket either. There was some mystery connected with the Black Swamp that East had had a share in, of that I was certain, an', even if I ( had considered it wiser to avoid that par ticular piece of country, I would still have held on my course, if only to get to the bottom of the business. Besides, I had got word from old Johnny Forrest, who happened to be down that way at the time, that there was a splendid green shoot all along the track, an' the weather .bein' [ cool, I knew the bullocks could do the sixty miles without water quite ealy. "w'hen East found it was no use tryin' to persuade me, he left off talkdn' altoge ther, an' took to thinkin' hard instead. He would ride,along all day, doin' his work mechanically, his black brows knit in an everlastin' scowl, an' mutleriu' cuss-words to himself that were enough to raise the hide off a two- year-old Mickey. Oh, he took the bun for 'language,' I tell you. At last we reached Hay, an' East asked me to let him go into the township to buy some • things. I noticed that he had caught his own horse till at morning, an old neauv he set great store by, an' it struck me that if I let him co he wouldn't come back. I wouldn't have cared much only for that big dry stage, but when a man has fifty miles to do without a drink, he don't want to be short-handed, so I reckoned it was safer not to let East leave tire camp. " 'If you want anything, Bill,' I sayi, "'I'll get it for you when I'm gettin iriy way hill signed. By-the-by, what are you ritiiu' old Blackthorn for to-day? Are your other horses knocked up?' " 'Oh no,' says he, 'but I uxc to give the old croc a turn now an' again. If 1 didn't, he'd get that fresh a man 'd want to be a stickin' plaster to sit 011 him. He kin mot a town down when he likes." " I wasn't quite satisfied with Bill's ex planation, but as he did not press the point about gettin' into Hay, 1 let it go ah that. We got across the dry stage all right with out losin' a single head, and, on the third afternoon, sighted old (Smith's scanty, an' the belt of liguum that marked the swamp, 1 blocked the-lead about two miles from the water, an' strung 'em into it as quiet as you please; no rushin' or hoggin'; 110 more trouble than if they'd bad a drink every hour, instead of bein' nearlv til fee days without one. As they spread out on the flat - other side of the swamp, Bill East nides u.p to me—I noticed he kept 1 close to me all that day—an' says— " ' You're not goin' to camp here to-night, Boss, are you?' j " or course I am,' I said, 'uow much farther do you waut them to go? Are you frightened you'll see a ghost here, or what? What in the blazes is the matter with you man? Hold up, or you'll be breakin' your neck,' an' 1 grabbed him by the arm just as lie was fallin' over his horse's shoulder. ■ " '! fc's—it's nothiu" he gasped, strugglin' to l'egain his self-control; 'only an ugly pain I get at my heart sometimes. I'll he all right—in a minute.' "1 said nothin' hut like the sailor's parrot, 1 thought all the more. I began to suspect that it was something worse j than mere mystery that East had been mixed up in at that camp, but I was far from imagining the truth even then. ' The day wore on, an' the bullocks seemed quite contented, some of 'em begin- I niii' to lie down long before campin' lime, j East kept ridin' round, always on the side farthest from (Smith's, just as if he wished to avoid being' seen by any one at the shanty, he was calm enougli outwardly, but the unusual pallor of his face, and the wild hunted look in his eyes, told a tale that any man might read of the agitation— actual Wear I put it down for—that | possessed his mind. As it was gettin' dusk j we let the cattle draw on to the camp, as pretty a piece of ground as you *could ! find in a day's journey, an' I told the boys to let their horses go, while I rode round myself steadying the mob till the liorse tailer was ready to come on watch. After j supper all lianas turned in at once, bein' ! pretty well knocked up by tbe past three 1 days' hard work, but East had hardly laid his bead on bis pillow before be was up again, fully dressed, boots, spurs, and all. I was sittin' " by the lire, makiu' some en tries in my diary, when he came an' squatted down beside inc. " 'Why don't you go an' have a slcqp, man?' I asked. 'You don't go on watch till 2 o'clock.' 