: [COMPLETE ST0£T.'] i ma mm BY MRS- H. H. PtWROSE. , (OOPTBIGHX.] RED Bingham and hi* \- brother-in-law, Dr Gard ner, were spending- a glorious January in the neighbourhood of Rimes ville. They had come to buy land, and they had re mained to hunt, under the superintendence of two crackers whom they had hired to initiate ^,hem in the mysteries of the woods. They pitched a tent on the sontb sfde of Lake Lena, to which they returned nightly, starting- on their hunt ing every morning before sun rise, while there was still -somewhat of that nip in the air which will make itself felt iu the nights of even a warm Florida winter. Jake West and Hiram 'Wood were enjoying themselves. Hunting and camping- out were the finest kinds of diversion they knew any thing about, and to be paid for doing- these things by a couple of green Britishers was a piece of luck that did not often come in. their way. They were determined to make the most of it while it lasted, and the longer, it lasted the better. . \- Therefore they were not altogether sorry to find the deer scarce andjfhyj for they guessed shrewdly enongh that the determined lunatics with whom they had to do would never consent to break up camp until they had carried in triumph to the settlement. For three days they saw nothing- to, shoot but squirrels and quails ; and on the fourth, day Fred Bingham: disgraced himself and all belonging to him by allowing- himself to fall into ? that pitiable condition of mental ' and physical derangement known to hunters as 'buckague.' \- The -party had made an early start as usual, and had not tramped a mile before they sighted a group of graceful, startled creatures, standing still for a breathless moment to gaze at the intruders before trusting their swiftness to carry them out of danger. The.crackera imitated their caution, and the doctor, with nerves professionally steadied, behaved him self ? excellently for a beginner;- but the excitement was too much for the Kid, asJFred was commonly called by- a disrespectful family circle. Buck ague seized him ; he dropped his rifle, and shouted to his silent companions, at the top of bis voice : ' Look at the deer ! Look.at the deer !' By that time the deer understood the situation rather better than anyone else, and trere off for the wild woods without waiting for a longer interview. The crackers swore steadily and together for ten minutes, without done all the mischief picked up his rifle, look ing very foolish — a sadder, if not a much wiser Md ; and the doctor had the satisfaction of laughing at him until laughter became monotonous. ....... It was a day of unmixed ill-luek ; and in disgust at the perversity of things, they turned back towards the camp . earlier than usual. The doctor had lamed himself with a prickly pear, and the Kid walked slowly by reason of the lowness of his spirits ; but the crackers, always as fresh as.paint.at the end of a day, swung along at a fine pace, and encouraged their lagging employers. . 'I reckon there's considerable of the hoss about me,' Jake West remarked. 'The road home always seems the shortest, and I kin go everlastin'ly once I git wind o' feed an' bedding.' . . r ? ? ' Tbat's'so,' Hiram Woodagreed ; ' 'cept you happen to be driviu' an ox team. -Nothing mates any aniereiiueolicu.'- ? - -? - 'Why?' asked the doctor, who yearned for information on all 'Subjects. 'Wai, you see,' said Hiram, 'it's an empl'yment that makes a man sort o' desp'rate. You . donM; ke_er. -what ^app_5£?_ it. I used to do _ con siderabl e of it myself beiore J. got ^religion i uut wucu j. i^^-».m. a church membe^I found that I was jest obliged to quit them' oxen.'. ' -.-??_ ? 'I don't see the connection,' said the doctor. * '?;.-.?::.. Vr- 'There warn' t no connection,' Hiram answered, solemnly. 'That was jest the trouble. To move an ox that don't want to move, it takes language rhat would ni'Ve an or'nary man's hair rise, an! stay f*2 f°r twenty -four hours, which is a kind of behaviour that don't fit in along with church membership. I had to choose between religion an' the team , an', being- sorter anxious about my soul at the time. I con cluded to quit the team. That's clear, ain t ' Quite clear,' said the doctor. .'You spoke just in time to prevent me from saying something strong about that confounded prickly pear. I don't believe I shall be able to walk to-morrow.' _.., ? ' Then. I'll go out alone, said the JS-ia, making a desperate resolution to retrieve his honour or die in the attempt. The crackers grinned, and said nothing to dissuade him, and he relapsed into another Ion? silence ; but that night, when they had finished supper, and were all sitting: round the great camp fire, built rather for cheerful ness than warmth, his., spirits rose a little, and he allowed the doctor to chaff him about the growth of .his moustache without any resentment ; he even chaffed himself. 'I know it's growing, 'he said. ; 'I have to wipe it now every time I drink.' ' ' 'iEver use bear's grease?' said Hiram Wood, gravely. ' There's a fellow up in the settlement that's greasin' an' smearin' his n for all he's worth, and he hain?t got it up to the size o' yours yet.' . „??».. » 'No,' said the Kid, with an affectation of great seriousness ; the progress of mine is due to nature alone. But I have heard that there is much virtue in the grease of a 'coon. Is it true - -, ' I ieckon that's so,' Jake West, answered, 'but it wouldn't have been worth while to kill a 'coon jest here, not to. bring .up the .biggest crop o' hair that ever grew on a man's face.' - „., ' ' Why not?' asked the Kid. . ? _ ' Wai,' said Hiram, 'he went top fur in savin' a 'coon, -which ain't in a strict way o speakin' what you call an eatable animal ; 'an' the story Jake hev in bis mind only consarns beasts an' birds that are fatten for °'But what is the story?' the Kid inquired, looking from one to ^the other. 'Are the creatures poisonous hereabouts ( We have been eating a good jnany of them, and are none the worse for it.' ' _ Hiram shook his head; and. smiled an ominous and ghastly smile. ^ . ' It ain't a question of pizen^. ne saia. ' An it ain t no narm to kil wcaiu..-. ^~ so long's you don't leave none o' their, flesh remainin'. We've never had enough to spare for that in this yer camp, an' I reckon-it s a providence we got no deer for that same reason. No, there's nothing about pizen ; but there's a f tory ? 'Well, well,' said the Kid,- waxing impatient, after the manner of -the young ; 'let's have it.' ' You mightn't like it so -well when you bear it: becau^,' said Jake, dropping his voice to a sepulchral whi.-per, ?? it s ngbt under the tent— about the spot where vou made vour beds o' nights.' 'Wbatifl? The story?' '''?'? No,' said Jake. ' Tbe grave.' The doctor was enjoying himself silentry ; and- LLs eyes twinkled as he caught a pnothered swear word before the Kid inquired, 'Whose grave?' 'A murdered man's,' answered. Jliram. solemnly, 'lardy ?' eaicl the £gd. ' Only sometimes,' said Hiram. ' Mostly he stays quiet enough ; but when there's fresh-killed game left*aroundat night he aits powerful restless. You see, lie died wantin' his supper. He'd hev had venisou steak that night if he'd lived ; an' so the ninell o' fresh game sorter rises hin dander utill. n.n' he feels bound to git at it when it's fhar.' The doctor chuckled, and the Kid laughed ; but the night was dark, and there was a ring of uneasiness in his mirth. 'It happened five years ;igo,' Hiram went on, ' Steve Durrance an' another man wur out huntin' together, an' they bad a quor'l over the dawgs, orsomethin' sim'lar, an' the other man stuck his knife, into Steve, an' buried him thar, as it might be whar your bed lie?, at the west end o' the tent. I know the spot sure enough.' ' And who saw him afterwards?' asked the Kid, with a superior and incredulous smile. 'More'n one huntin' party that wur camped near by,' said Jake. 'I know a man that seen him with his own eyea. There was a deer hunsr ud to this ver Hmall oak beside the tent ; an1 the man I know woke up in the night, an' seen Steve rise up out of his grave, with a huntin' knife stickin' between his ribs, an' go over to the deer, an' cut off the back strop with that same knife. An' in the mornin' the grave was quiet and hard as ever, and thar was no sign o' Steve, only footprints iirouud the deer — an' the back strop had gone to stay.' 'You don't suppo-e,' said the Kid, with a slight sneer which his little bit of flaxen down was hardly sufficient to hide, 'that one of the party might have got hungry in the night, and thought of securing the best bit of the deer for a private supper.' 'Do livin' men go pokin' aronnd with huntin' knives stuck in their ribs?' asked Hiram disdainfully. 'The knife might have been an optical delusion,' the Kid suggested, and glanced at the doctor for confirmation of his ideas. 'Possibly your friends had something strong to wash down his own rightful supper, or he might bave been only half awake.' ?? tv ny don t you say he was asleep, an dreamt it ?' inquired Jake, with fine sarcasm. -' That would certainly be the most natural thing to suppose,' answered £he Kid readily enough, 'only for the disappearance of the venison. A dream could not have devoured it any more than a ghost.'- ? But the doctor, who could not be beguiled into giving an opinion, -only continued to grin, and presently moved an adjournment to 'bed, whither the Kid went bravely, disdaining to move his blankets a quarter of an inch from their accustomed place. Hes.'ept soundly enough, and the next morning he went out alone witb dogged determination to make up for past failures, and bent on show ing the men how little he cared, for their grisly horrors. They laughed a good deal between themselves, but their flippant triumph did not last long. .lilts ouu wao mgu lutue ucdvciis wut?u cue Kid appeared, hot and breathless, trailing from his shoulders the carcase of a fine young doe. He said he had shot it ten miles off, and repeated the statement many times during the day ; but no one believed him, for they knew .perfectly well that he could not have carried it a mile to save his life. With great ostentation, and many glances directed towards the men, heTiung it upon the very tree that had figured in.the story; and then, as a proof of his highly developed sporting qualities, set about breaking bis fast without washing his hands. He was so tired' that he wonld have liked to lie flown, and go to sleep for the rest of the day ; -but he had no intention of giving himself away so cheaply as that, so he volunteered to help the doctor, who was limping, inside the tentj frying to reduce things to a semblance of order. ? ? : ' You are only in the way,' growled the doctor, naturally resenting the luck which had given' all to the Kid who did_not deserve it, and nothing to him who did. -'I'd get on much better without you.''- 'You're jealous, of course,' raid the Kid , 'but if I don't; make quite such a smart housemaid as you in spite of your prickly pear, you must remember that I have just walked ten .miles- r-arrvinjr ii Hwivdnjul .'* - 'Ten grandmothers, carrying a fiddle stick,' retorted the doctor. 'Ten miles,' repeated the Kid, with an air of steady adherence to the fact. ; But at this point he found himself athletic brother-in-law's arm, took refuge outeide the tent, and did not allnde to bis ten-mile walk more than a dozen times in the next hour. Later on the doctor skinned the deer, and, the' Kid inspected proceedings with more swagger than was actually necessary, giving orders that no meat should be cut from it until the next day, so that they might be sure to have it tender. Accordingly West and Wood went to the lake, and caught half a-dozen bass, which made a fairly good supper, but were as nothing -to men w~ho.se souls loved savoury meat and longed for it. It was with deep thankfulness the Kid felt that he could at last retire to - rest with honour ; and in two minutes after he had Vrapped. himself in his blankets his com panions were made aware that he was sleep ing soundly, and recognised the -fact that there was little chance of rest for themselves while that hideous uproar continued. But they bad soft hearts, and pitied his youth, so they forebbre to do more than turn him over on. his other side, which if it had not altogether the desired effect, at least made -matters a little more endurable. He misrht have continued in this, uncon sciously blissfnl state of rest for three or four hours, when he was suddenly disturbed by sounds and movements under his bed of so eerie a nature that be felt hisfl-sh creep and his hair stand on end merely at thought of the horror they suggested. Presently he saw an awful form creep forth as though from beside him. and move steadily towards the entrance of the tent, which be could see from where he lay, gasping, and bathed in cold perspiration. ... .- With a mighty effort he controlled his trembling limbs sufiiciently to insist on their 'carryinghim in pursuit, and, having made his exit, found the world withpnt bathed in a mysterious light which, in the absence of the moon, displayed every object clearly to his fascinated gaze. . ??-.??. There was the tree ; there was the deer , and, advancing towards it slowly, there was that dread figure which bad crept from its jrrave beneath his bed a: few minutes before. There, also, was the bunting-knife, long and murderous, sticking between the ghostly ribs; ghostly blood dripped from the wound , and presently a ghostly hand, seizing the handle, drew forth the knife— a deep groan follow ing—and brandished it over the raw venison. A. sudden courage, filled the bosom of the Kid ? a brave determination that neither man nor devil should help himself to that venison without asking leave of the lawful owner; and with a choking cry of ' Stop, thief !' he burled himself forward, grasping wildly at the' knife— at the murdered man— at the empty air. It was a cry .to curdle the blood in the stoutest heart; and in another minute the doctor and the two crackers were on the scene. But they were depending on one lantern among them, lor no mysienuus i'su' shone for . their guidance, and it was not without considerable groping and stumbling that they finally discovered the Kid, pros trate beside h(s spoil, and looking more youthful than ever in his nightgear. They took him up tenderly. He made one more gurgling effort at speech, and then relapsed into snoring compared with which his former feats in that line had been but dovelike murmuring:?. So was _ he borne, limp and unresisting, back to bis haunted bed in the tent ; and the doctor, who for obvious reasons could sleep no more, sat up until the small hour3, making notes for a treatise on nightmare, and speculating on the possible effects of bass fried in bacon fat, followed by a whole tin of preserved peache3. The most spacious barracks in the -world are those at Warsaw, which:' accommodate 38,000 soldiers. 