Our Tale. EVELEEN REDGREAVE, OB THE BARBINGTONS OF BRABAZON HALL BY E. L. A. BEBWICK. CHAPTEE LIV.—(Continued). "Let him go," said Lord Landore, in a low voice to me, as Massingham hurried from the room; "we must only think and act for him the more. With such. a wreck in prospect, if we fail." "The carriage is oome round, mv lord." "Be good enough to let Lord Massingliam be told, and shut the door." A few "last directions and suggestions" were interchanged between us, and then 1 went to dress. When I returned the cousins stood calmly talking together, and at my appearance ijaiidore ottered me hi6 arm, and we proceeded to the vehicle. In a moment we were in motion. During our short transit not a word was uttered; circumstances had made iit a momentous crisis to all of us, and anxious thought is .seldom profuse in words. The timG might have been long or short for aught I know, for in what seemed to me to be a few seconds we stopped, the door was opened, and the steps were let down. I looked at Lord Landore; his features wore a composed but, stern character of their own, which 1 had never before observed; I glanced at his cousin, and was delighted to ol> serve that he was pale, but calm. "Now comes the trial, Eveleen," he said, as he stood by my side; "you are our ally, and we cannot fail—" The carriage had been left at the corner of the street, and we walked on to about the middle of the houses it contained. "Twenty-five—this is the house!" said Lord Landore, as he gave a quiet, gentle, unobtrusive knock at the nail door. In a moment, as if he had sprung out of the ground, or been conjured taere by magic, Walsh—Black Bill—stood lounging in our rear. The same wily eye, the same quiet air, the same dark brow! If he were made of penetrable stuff, it must have been an awkward, if not an anxious moment to him; but as he raised his hat and looked at us all round, no snowy peak could have snowed a colder front. "Look at him!" murmured Landore in my ear. "'Tis conscience doth make cowards of us all; but this fellow has parted with his so long ago that he forgets there is such a commodity, and never feels the want of it." The door was opened by a slip-shod servant maid—a maid of all works, she seemed, Lord Landore took the initiative, "Mr. Barrington and his family lodge here?" he said. "I—I'm not rightly sure, sir " .she said; "but 1711 ask. Who shall I say wants them?" "What is your name?" he inquired, detaining her. "Mine, sir! Julia, then." "A very pretty name indeed, and it well becomes the wearer. Now, Julia, here is a guinea, arid just show us to the room in which Mr. Barrington is at breakfast—" "Lord sake, sir!" she cried, gazing at the gold with a witsful eye, "but there's a gentleman at breakfast with the family—a Mr. O something or other, but- I know there's an 0 in it, anyway." "I'm ohanned to hear you say so, for that is the very man we have travelled hundreds of miles to see," was the veply. "Take your money, and usher us up." "You're a. triend of his, sir?" she asked, with some misgivings, "for they bid me eay that—" "He. was not here—true, but you have told us he is, and such is our longing to see him that, if you make more delay, we will ascend at once ourselves." • Thus imperatively urged, the gentle Julia went before us, and, having come to the landing-place, she was about to hasten her pace to announce us. But here again Lord Landore detained her. "Do not trouble yourself to announce us," he said; "that is tho room, is it notP" "It—-is, sir." "Very well, your business is doneleave the rest to us. Tell the man who entered the house with us to answer the bell instantly when it rings. Thank you, Julia; you shall have another guinea as we go oat." • She made Eer best courtesy for the welcome information, and then disappeared ; whilst . Lord Landore walked steadily forward, gave three imperious knocks (how significant they most have been!), and then opened thedoor, bold it open for me and his .cousin, to enter, and then deliberately closed it againall without a single word. ' I shall never forget either the aspect of the group into wludh. we so suddenly intruded, or the soene itself which followed. At tbe head of the breakfast table, and in the very act of helping a djsh of mutton cutlets, sat Mr. Cabbell OFea, dressed with infinite care, and smiling blandly at the dish before him, as he smiled at everything. On one side of him sat Mrs. 'Harrington, smiling at him as lie smiled at the cutlers; and on the other—a wider interval apart—was poor Mary, looking like a lily whioh liad been plucked from its stem, and whose white petals had already begun to droop ami wither. Lower down was my uncle, undressed, unshorn, vucared for, with a drooping crest and a yellow eye, as if despondency had done its worst on him, and hope and selfrespect had lied. The touch of a magician's wand could not have created a moie instantaneous transformation ihan did our most unbooked for appearance amongst this "differently constituted group, each individual member of which showed his or )-er feeling in a different, but still characteristic, way. Mr. O'Fea, whose keen eye was the first to discern us, suspended the smile on his lip, and tho cutlet on his fork, and overlooking my companions altogether, fixed liis "dilated orbs on me with a gaze of horror, as if I were the disembocfei spirit of liis intended victim, rather than that victim itself. The knife dropped from his grasp, he raised his hand slowly to hie forehead, and then suddenly let it fall again—to clutch the knife once more. Mrs. Barrington reddened literally to the eyes, for cheek, neck, and brow were crimsoned; although, arter a moment, the blood receded at all points, and she grew fearfully pale. On our first appearance Mary had started from her chair, but had sunk back into it again, and murmured words which were too indistinct to reach our ears. My uncle stood bolt upright, looking like the slovenly ghost of his former self, and surveyed each of us as if we were part and parcel of some wild and incongruous dream. He was the first to speak, however, amd he did so in a thick, gutteral tone. "Eveleen!" he exclaimed, wonderingly, dropping his words one by one, as it •were. "In—in the name of Heaven, girl, what is all this about, and what has brought you hither ?" I advanced to him and took his hand, which he permitted me to do as if he were an automaton. "I have much to say to you, sir." I said, calmly, "before I quit this room; but, as it is needful, for your interests as well as mine, that what I have to say should be heard patiently, I entreat you to recall your senses, so that I may be perfectly understood. Sit down." He cast a troubled, apprehensive Jook towards the top of the table: but Mr. Cabbell O'Fea's face was a blank, and there was nothing to lm gleaned or feared from it, for the present; so lie sat down, and I placed myself by liis side. By this time Mrs. Harrington had partially recovered her self- possession. She, too, glanced at her general director, and must have heeii struck with the half idiotic set of features which met her eye. Mr. Cabbell O'Fea 1 s hand played nervously with the haft of .liis knife, and still his eyes were fixed on me—but that was all. "There—there is a ( irae for all tliin.es, my dear Eveleen," s».e said, in a- voice exceedingly uneven., although she did her best to steady it; "but, before you address your uncle, would it not be well to—to permit him to renew his acquaintance with Lord Landore?" "I propose to myself, madam, the pleasure of renewing my acquaintance with Sir. Barrington hereafter," replied Lord Landore, at this intimation; "but . as it is material that Miss Redgreave's explanation should be first listened to, you will be good enough to permit licr to speak to her uncle without minding me. This gentleman who accompanies me is my cousin, Lord Massingham"— Mary started; "but he, like myself, will be content to give precedence to your niece. A sharp, quick flame darted from Hie c-ye of Mr. Cabbell O'Fea, as the deliberate tones of the youug nobleman fell on his ear; it was a chance for him, he thought, although a feeble one. He quitted his hold of, the knife, and. rising from his seat with tolerable firmness, he said, in a slightly tremulous voice: — "As this seems to be a meeting for family business, Mrs. Barrington, I will beg leave to withdraw." "You will be good enough to resume your seat, if you please, sir," replied Lord Landore, with a punctilious bow. "as you will find, I think, that you nave a very particular interest in listening to the proceedings which Miss ftedgreave will have to detail." "That, my lord," replied O'Fea, with wonderful courage, "is for myself to judge; and, as I have already formed many engagements for the day which cannot be postponed—" "liiey must, sir—we cannot, afford to part with you," interfered Lord Landore quietly but firmiy. "My lord! I do not understand this," returned the desperado; "you and I are altogether strangers to each other, and I cannot understand by what authority you presume either to control my actions, or to point out what I should do or leave undone." "I speak to you by the authority of law, sir," replied Lord Landore, in the same equable voice as before; ''and. as I have the means very close a', hand to enforce my demand for your presence and attention, it will be for yourself to determine whether its officers shall compel you to remain, or whether their intervention is for the present unnecessary." "I—I have nothing to fear from the law, my lord." was the characteristic answer of Mr. O'Fea, and he smiled— actually smiled—as he delivered it; "but as you seem to threaten me with its interference, I feel bound to remain in order to test your accuracy; reserving to myself the right of ulterior proceedings against all parties—all, my lord, who may venture to injure or calumniate me." fle resumed his seat when he had concluded this hardy speech with an air of dogged resolution; b.-it still his eye was on me. "Having so far conquered the scruples of this—gentleman, Miss Redgreave,'' said Lord Landore, "you will now bo permitted, I trust, to commence vour explanations to your uncle without further interruption." "One moment, my lord," said Mrs. Barrmeton: "Miss Barrington lias been somewhat- delicate of late, and I must trouble my niece to postpone her observations for a moment, until I sec her to iier room." "Oil! no. no, no!" exclaimed Mary, intercedinglv; "let me stay—let me stay! I am strong—I am well; and I am safer here. Pray, let me stay!" "You shall stay. Miss Barrington." began the fiery Bouverie, but his cou - sin's hand was on liis arm instantly. "Mrs. Barring,ton will be good enough to comply with her daughter's wish," he said, "and the more so when I pledge to her my word that, she, too, is interested in the matter we have come here to discuss. You, Mr. Barrington, are now prepared to listen to your niece, I hope?" he went on, addressing my uncle, who seemed to be too helpless and astounded not to be at anybody's command who might desire it . "It is a. singular—a very singular business, my lord; but—but I suppose there is no objection to what you ask —I know of none." With this permission I commenced my story. "You remember the time," I said, "when the delicacy of Mary's constitution rendered it necessary that she should reside for a short period near the sea ?" "Of course I do, my dear—at least I think so," was the answer of Mr. Harrington. "Let me see: it was in the month of—" "Pardon me, uncle," I said; "the particular period is of no consequence, as the results of that visit are the material points on which T have to dwell. It so oJMOlSjBdsJihat, while we were from great and sudden re were rescued bv ness of two young i^ihad never seen be- : Ajjieir parti led to ich on ours we saw Our new frien „ toi us at that time by /Afr^d Montgomerie and " v and under tliose titles ; or me to declare candidly that' •£ry confidential intercourse, which ended in a still warmer feeling, sprung up amongst us. Mary Barrington listened to a confession of love from Mr. Bouverie, and, as I know, reciprocated it; while I, older and more guarded than she was, re pressed my own feelings of regard for' his cousin, and did not altogether sanction an avowal of his. "You are aware, uncle, that our recall was a sudden one: and that, when we arrived at home, Mi6s Hetlierington became an inmate of your house. She then thought that Lord Landore was all but her declared lover, and that his promised visit to the Hall was made m order to secure her hand. From her description of her hoped-for lover, I fancied that- Alfred Montgomerie and Lord Landore were the same. Circumstanced as I was with him, and as I then was in your family also, I did not wish to have our connection known; I therefore intercepted him on his progress to the Hall, and requested that it might bo kept a secret while ho remained. Sou know what followeu. "Lord Landore will tell you himself that he never gave Miss Hetherington the slightest reason to suppose that he was attached to her and that his visit to your house was made solely in the expectation of becoming better ac. quainted with me; in point of fact during his sojourn he made an offer oi his hand, which 1 thought proper to decline. All this includes an amount of deception and mystery on my part—for Mary acted altogether throughout the matter by my persuasion and advice. I admit that it did so ; but, circumstanced as I then was, I thought the concealment a pardonable one, as it injured no one but myself; and I did not venture a single step farther than my anxiety to avoid domestic dissension rendered it necessary I should do. "I kept Miss Hetherington's secret; and I said not a single sentence in her disfavour to Lord Landore; but I warned her to forego her fancied claims upon him, because I knew them to be visionary, and was certain they- miist fail. I struggled against her 'confidence. and refused her offers of friendship and protection, both because I felt it would be dishonest to accept the one, and disagreeable to place myself under a compliment for the other. "Had you alone been the person to be consulted, I would have confided in you, and solicited your advice; but as it was, I paused and hesitated; 'finally, 1 ended by embroiling mjsclf in diiiiculties which I presume it is the fate of intriguers always to be surrounded with, at one period or other of their carecr. "Well, then came the departure of Lord Landore, followed by that of Miss Hetherington. My life was attempted by one who called herself my friend, and who would have sacrificed me as an.offering to her offended pride—" "Your life!" interrupted my uncle, who was gradually beginning to come to his senses, and to taktf a very earnestinterest- in my narration. "Your life attempted in my house. Surely you must be dreaming child!" "My aunt can answer for my truth.' She heard of the attempt," I said; "and it was by her desire I cushioned the crime, while she dismissed the perpetrator." "That was bad—ill- judged—improper!" he exclaimed, -with increasing spirit j "I should have been consulted in this, Maria," he continued, turning to my aunt. "May God forgive iny weakness! but I fear it has led to consequences I never could have foreseen, and which a greater strength of mind might have enabled me to provide against or to avoid altogether. Wrong—wrong —always wrong!" He covered Kis face with his hands, and turned away as he said this. "I admit," said Mrs. Barrington, in a deprecatory tone, "that shocked as T was at Barbara's nefarious attempt, I advised Eveleen to allow her to escape; because, just then your troubles were commencing, and I feared publicity. It is needless tor ine to add, that neither I nor Miss Hetherington were previously aware of the woman's diabolical attempt." "1 acquit you freely, madam," I replied; "and I am happy to be able to bear evidence to your sympathy with my sufferings, and your horror at tho. assault." "But why did I not hear of this ? why was it not told to me?" asked my unole, looking up. "Simply, sir" I answered, "becausc you were—what I hqpe never to see you again—a cipher in your own house; with all the dispositions of a good man, but without the resolution which makes even virtue more respectable." He shook his head sadly at this, and muttered, "Wrong, wrong, wrong 1" From that moment I had hopes of him; for I saw that his spirit rose, and he looked as if the degrading era- of his unmanly subserviency had passed away. (To be Concluded in our Next.) "I always offer- my prop," said the world, "to those who can stand alone." If yon want a first- class suit of clothes at a reasonable price—fit and duiabiiity combined—oafl on P. J. O'Connor, Bridge-road, Richmond.' A fine assortment of woollens to select from. Flinders-street trams pass the door. 