MELBOURIRE- NOTES. The substitution of photo. pictures for the woodcuts of former times in illustrated papers does not always have the desired effect, as witness the "Leader" and "Australasian" last week. In the forneuj, there is a re presentation of the, luncheon of. the military commandants of the various colonies at Parliament House, in which Messrs. Gillies and Best, M's.L.A. are " wonderfully and fearfully" pour trayed, and in the last-named journal there is a flashlight reproduction of the Victorian Rsilwvays dinner at the Ma.sonic Hall last Saturday night. In it such distinguished personages as the Governor, Premier, and Attorney General have come out little better than caricatures, and the last named gentleman instesad of resembling one of the people'of Israel, appeiars like a direct descendant of Ham, who, we are told, was the progenitor of the great nigger family. The windows of the different news. agents in Melbourne were last week enlivened by a group of portraits of I some of the suburban mayors issued t by one of the weekly papers. Their worships are all attired in the orthodox mayoral robes, though, as a matter of fact, two of the councils reprbsented -North Melbourne and Flemington do not possess such garments, so their mayors must have been photographed in " l;orrowed plthinies." The general ' cast of countenance depicted in these photos., while not of the "Chamber of Horrors" type, is certainly not of the Higinbothamn or Moorhouse aspect, t and the prevailing feature iii most faces is that smirk of snug satisfaction which indicates the inward feelings of men not too brainy clotloed with a little brief authority. It is astonishing howv hard supersti- a tion dies in spite of all our vaunted education and civilization. Just pre- i vious to the first shots being e'xchanged t between America and Spain last year, a crack-brained Spanish ecclesiastic said to the soldiers of his country that t they would he invulnerable to the Yankee bullets, and now we have silly old Oom Paul declaring that as the "Laewd" is the arbiter of the quarrel between England and the above named, I he will render the British bullets harm- I less. Another Datch. gmentleman re joicing-in the name of Schalk Burger, has also predicted that the Britishers would fall before the Boers as the walls of Jericho fall before the trumpets t and shouts of the Israelites under Joshua. And yet we talk glibly about the superstitions of the Middle Ages, and laugh at our forefathers theories 1 about ghosts and witches when the most airrent nonsense concefning the supernatural is talked by educated men in representative prominent posi tions at the present day. Chiefly through the weankness of some of the Melbourne and suburban honorary magistracy, " the push" nuisance in the city is increasing rather than abating. ..The. stage has now been reached that a witness, in the court of General Sessions confessed that he was frightened to give evidence for the Crown in an assault and robbery case, and the judge has thought tit to warn the jury against being bullied into a favorable verdict to the accused by " the push." His Honor in doing so, said that it seemned almost incredible in a city like Mellbourne that it should he necessary,.and it does seem incredible. But no. On second thoughts it will make itself manifest to every mind that this lawlessness is simply the out come of years of leniency to the crimi nal classes. When convicts' complaints about cooking. are solemnly aired in Parliament, and when reputable people petition the Executive Council to re duce just sentences on young ruffians who half kill constahles and commit perjury, it shows that a " namby pamhy". feeling is entertained towards the ruffians 'of so inety which must of necessity nerve their arms. It is alhnnst as mu.h. trouble to get a muirderer "swung off" in Victoria now-a-days as it is to get into a Government billet., what with criminologically ".crank" solicitors and lachrymose gaol. chap lains. It is to be hoped that when the Governmemit appoint new police magis trates they will be men of the Captain Sturt and 2" Bendigo. Mkfac." stamp. These old goldfield stipendiaries would have made short work of any " push," while some of our present-day Dog herrys are deliberating how long they should give them " time to pay" the paltry iRne inflicted. It seems that Prliament may at no distant date -e asked to cheek the cir eulatioi of the Deadwood Dick and Frank Red', style oe literature ii our midst. Those publications awake as pirations o the piratical rand handit order in the breast of the small hty, and he winders about at night " does ing" in cheap lodeings or under the lee of a fence or hay rick. These juvenile ideas, in nor yount;er days, were sukii cien'ly indulged in by a " camp" in the garden, or a voyage on a " raft" across a two foot deep dani, ut- the chiki of the prer at is more up-to-dat?.. If the?, soud:ioale n.! ,ovwb art. b~anihe-l from hie LIk:;elirt' sht vtr cc! certain iilu.?tra, rd 7,?p-r mi.-?bt h. a!b': .?,,rx, (0Ied, It co,-nails tludra-i-h of . ;g,, tonch -..)?i, Iut th-a' influme-ce o theI a-loii A:, d-',- .. ',, !im iti a ,lin - such a:; hiz, ,ith, !;is i.?r too lib,,ral n,':t it u ., is ihply an aue.,,d on1 , and thni : th s*. , '-u ' .tch,- ao more h-nrm ao thi jiv?enil, nl mi, awl rl ii f:l.l .., :a -. ( , '? W lr?; . ? , , b l ; adventures of ilood Stained Bill, or ti'e Mys'.?terie,, .f the PBl:?k ,Schro o-v. Pti rl- mnt last ",uk on IhO wil, wa s ai s-ie o , up lee enu t lini1.u.ui' di.?cisito, ond at timt s the imcres-?in wai cov-ye4d i, ,pe teat bon. uhin,,,.s must hiv, i ackle1 tile vorl, of i sission fromi rts in eption with that tir-r eei n .'I 