(PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.) beautifltTrohilla. By HAROLD CHILD. ''Author of " Driven by Fate," &c.; (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XXIII. Tttie Little Box. Tvmeoi the company returned to The 'Amdkor" after watching the working of the new light, Stilley had no itibougQit of staying long. line absence of Aitken and Rohilla took away their chief interest, and one and all were beginning to think of awakening their way home to bed, when the entrance of Tom Debney once more roused the embers of joviality. Tain had been absent from AMers awake for some time, and It was the duty of every man to stand him treat. Moreover, Tom was a jolly companion, a teller of good stories, and a loud laughter, (But it was some time before the merry- making to wards Oliver died listened, outside the window, Showed signs of abating. For Tom Debney, as soon as his heart was warmed by the generosity of his friends, insisted on returning their kindness, and so plunging his hand into his pocket brought out the bank-note just given him by Oliver Magub. The sight of Tamworth so much money, caused great excitement, and Tom seemed to have no hesitation in spending it right and left. Glass after glass was filled (and emptied, amid the uproarious near intent made the time fly. Gradually, however, sleepiness began to creep over most of the revellers. One by one they dropped out of this circle, till not three were left with Tom. Then two more departed together, and only one, Jack Briggs, stayed to keep up the ghost of a happy evening, and make further inroads into Tom Debney's weaMi. "W'hatever's come over young Jack to-night ?" said Mrs. Twaiddell aside to her husband, " I never see him drink like this before. Don't seem fuddled, though, neither !" " Not Die," said William. " Tom's a lit on, tour there's no call for me to in- warfare, and it wants fifteen minutes of closing time yet." "Well," said Mrs. Twaiddell, with a yawn, I do hope Ro won't be out long. That child ought to have stopped in her bed as I told her. And her wedding day to- morrow, too !" -^ For some time she sat knitting on one side of, the fire-place, while William sat smoking on the other, Jack Briggs and his friend at the far end of the room (were very quiet and a glance out of the corner of her eye showed Mrs. Twaddell ttoast'Tomi, by now not far from splendidly drunk, was whispering some long,' story to Jack Brigg's ear. She tried to catch What he was saying, but could not. She notified, however, that although Jack repeatedly slapped his manager and pretended to "be 'hugely amused, this face was really grave and anxious. At last [he rose. " Come outside, Tom," she said. " and tell me all about it. Tara's a good yarn, and I'd like to 'hear the end of it. Well, good-night, murai; good- night, Mr. T»wad dear, And, steadying Tom's steps by the aid of his strong arm, he left the room. For half-an-hour more Mrs. Twaddell yawned and knitted, to her corner, and William yawned and smoked in the chimney ; bait there was no sign of Ko bllla's return. Mrs. Twaddell digested, but it was no use talking to Willie in When Ike was in that state. One could not get him to worry about anything, When he had his grog by his side and his pipe in his mouth. But at last she could keep silence no longer. " William," she said, returning to her old formula, " I'm sure as something up." William granted. I never knew the child stay out so late as this before. And what with her coming down out of her bed like that, and wanting to go for a walk, and what with Mr. Aitken's story, and Oliver Magul) turning up again like that so sudden, I don't know what to make of it." " He's all right, I suppose," said AVil tom. " Who ? Mr. Aitken ? Now, William, I hope you'll take shame to yourself for suggesting anything of the kind about such a gentleman ais him. Why, he's as honest was "Wie day's long !" "All right, interests," said the imperturbable William. " I know you're sort on him." " Well, William, if that's all you've got to say, I shan't stop to hear any more, I shall go to bed, and you'll have to sit up for it by yourself. And mind you give her a good scolding when she does come in." And the good lady flounced out of the room, pretending to care no more about Itdliilla's absence, but knowing perfectly well that she would not sleep a wink till her return. Scarcely I had his wife left the room, When William heard a tap at the door. He opened it, and saw outside the pale face of Jack Briggs. "Can I speak to you a moment, Mr. Twaddell ?" said he. " I'll do it 'here if I may I didn't like to talk before Mrs. Twaddell, for fear of Iristotcning her. So I waited till I see 'her go to bed." " What's like matter, then, Jack ?" said Mr. TaiddeU. " 'Tis this, sir. I kept Tom Debney 'ore of purpose ; 'eos from something 'he let drop soon after 'e come in, I knew 'e 'ain't got all that money out of the ship, and that Oliver was mixed up with him in some but of devilry. And When 'ed got mice and drunk he told me all about it." And Jack Brigg.? hurriedly told the landlord all that the tod learned from Tom Debney of the plot to carry off Rohilla on board Qrls ship. " Tarn's lying dead drunk down by the ferry, sir and Oliver, so far as I know, as gone up the river bank after Mr. Aitken and No. I tell you what I'll do, so I'll take Tom's boat and row up and would you mind walking along the bank in the same direction, just keeping me in earshot ? Twill be 'rd if we don't get there in time to prevent the mischief, between us. And if we can do it without attracting anyone's attention. so much the better. We don't want all the village talking." " Right !" said Mr. Waddell briefly. " You run on and get title boat up, Jack, and I get my flint and come at once." " Oil ! never mind your Mt J's Jack implored. " We may be too late as it is." But William was not going to be hurried for any consideration, and repeated his intention of getting his hat. " Besides," he added, " we want a lan- tern." Jack hurried away in anxious disgust, while the landlord returned to the parlour. He reached his hat from a peg on the door, lighted the lantern, and was just on the point of starting, when it struck him that be might need some other weapon than that of his own herculean strength. He looked round for the " chairman's hammer" of that night; but could not find it. and was wondering where it could be, when he heard his wife's voice calling him. "William! William!" she cried, and burst into the room, with blanched checks and frightened eyes. " What's the matter now !" asked William, impatient of the delay. " Oh William that little box that used to be in Iio's room !" " Well, what of it ?" " You know I took it away, and that Mr. Aitken's got the key. Well, it's been forced open 1" "What of it T " She must have done it herself, when we thought she was in bed !" " I don't see any harm in that !" " No, but it's the paper, William. The paper that was inside J I found it on the floor. See !" She handed it to her husband. " And look !" she went on. " Isn't that the picture of Mr. Aitken, only older ? That's the portrait of his father, so sure as my name's Maria Twaddell. And here's a bit of rope, too. Now think of Mr. Aitken's story, and read that paper, and then see !" William took the paper, and stood star- ing reflectively at the fire. " And oh, William !" his wife went on. " Don't you remember what her mother said years ago I So surely as you will long to love her, so surely will that love bring you misery and disgrace.' Oh ! it's true, William, it's true! I shall never get over it, never !" " Maria !" said William, slowly, "there's some things so don't concern me and it seems to me that this is one of them. I don't know what's in this paper, and I don't want to. What I do know is this that whatever it is, it's likely to bring no good to anyone. And this is what I mean to do with it." So saying, he took the paper, the miniature, and the piece of rope, and dropped them all into the fire. " And now, Maria," he said, as he watched them burn, " I should advise you to hold your tongue about what you've seen in that box." There was a curious solemnity in his tone, which so impressed his wife, that to her dying day she never mentioned her discovery. And the last remaining evidence of the hideous ravings of a passionate woman's mind, disordered by suffering and wrong, shrivelled up in the flames. " There ! there I don't cry, little woman !" said William, as Mrs. waddell turned away In tears. " You'll likely have need of all your strength to- night." And in a few words he told her what he had learned from Jack Briggs. Her tears were dried immediately. Sits! implored her husband to go before it was too late while she would stop at home, keep up a good tire, and be ready for whatever might come. The scene had been short, but mean- while Jack Briggs was pulling with all his strength upstream, too impatient to wait for Mr. waddell's help. And thus it came to pass that the landlord, with a lantern in his hand, had but just reached the river bank by the landing stage, when Jack stepped ashore with the lifeless form of Rohilla in his arms. " You've got her, Jack ? Well done, had Little doubt but what Mr. Aitken '11 make it well worth your while to have saved her !" " If she's dead, I've done no good. If she lives. I've saved 'her, and that's , enough for me.'' And there was a sob in Jack's voice. Mr. Twaddell thought it best to say no more. He saw that the young man's love was too strong even for jealousy. He had saved Rohilla, that Aitken might wed her, and that was his reward " Where's Oliver ?" asked the landlord. For answer Jack shook his head. At that moment, not fifty yards from where they were standing, Oliver's life- less body lay wedged between two broken piles in the old harbour, and in his belt was the " chairman's hammer." " You didn't-" " No," said Jack. " No need to touch him. 'E came for one, auld fell overboard. There was 110 saving 'him." We shall know to-morrow. Come along, laid, and bring the girl into the house. The missus" see to her, while we go and look for Mr. Aitken. You didn't see anything of him ?" " Not/Mug." Silent and sad, ,wiWi the girl's still helpless body between them, they crossed the green and entered the door of the run. It was some time before they had carried her up Ullie narrow stairs to her own room, where Mrs. Twaddell was busy lighting a fire. A to rief glance showed Mrs. Twaddell that the girl was not dead, and in the happiness of that news Truth would well kingly have lingered all night, on the chance of getting one look of recognition from (her eyes. But Wie moment came when male frauds were no longer of service, and Mrs. T waddell asked them to leave her alone with fine girl. Come. Jack !" said the landlord. and added, as they descended the stairs together : " Please God, he's not in the water !" It cost Jack a. pang to answer " Ay," but he said it stoutly, and inwardly vowed to do his utmost to find the man VW he was to rob him of all hope. But 'the yow was needless. For as they reached the door of the inn they both stopped dead to listen. Above the howling of the angry wind carries a human cry, faint but ununMak able. Som each line? was lying on the grass near the river-bank, moaning feebly. For a moment 2114 presence of mind deserted til on. On this night of terror they had begun to distrust the very cry of the wind and the incessant working of the great eye in the (heavens was alone sufficient to unsteady simple nerves. The moments ceased for a moment, and the two men looked at each other, then looked Railway ashamed. Without a word they strode out together into the darkness. Then the sound changed. " Help !" they heard. And again, but fainter still, " Help !" The landlord hurried forward and stooped to throw the lantern light on the ground. There, bleeding, dishevelled, amid ghastly pale, lay Robert Aitken. A quick sign of recognition flashed across his face, then his eyes closed. He lay motionless, and to all appearance dead, "" More work for Mrs. Twaddell !" said Jack, with a ghastly attempt to laugh. CHAPTER XXIV Conclusion. What Jack Briggs had said was true. There was more work for Mrs. Twaddell, and she did it bravely. There were times, no doubt, when she could not resist a savage onslaught on the characters of all trained nurses, and declared that " to have two of them huskies in the house was more than any decent woman could stand." But such complaints were poured only into the deaf mare of William, on whom they made no sort of impression whatever. And this, at least, is certain, that when, at last, the time came for the aforesaid huskies to leave " The Anchor," she kissed them' both heartily, and called them darlings and brave girls. They had earned their titles. The lives of both the lovers hung long in the balance, and in Rohilla's case the fate of her reason seemed more than doubtful. But the skill and devotion of Dr. Marano who declared that Robert must have come to Alders way he on purpose to make the fortune of a struggling prac- titioner), of Mrs. Twaddell, and the " Aussies," won the battle against death. And as to Rohilla's reason, none of beautiful Mrs. Aitken's many admirers ever dream of questioning its existence. And if Robert has an anxious moment now and then, he- may perhaps be excused. For such troubles as those suffered by himself and his wife cannot pass without leaving some trace behind. On the first occasion of their meeting, after months of separation by the thin walls of their rooms, they were allowed to sit in the sun on the south side of the inn. And Robert took upon himself to put a leading question. " Do you love me still V" " Why 'still' ?" she answered. " Can illness murder, love V" " ' ' " A great deal has happened since that day when I gave a supper in honour of our proposed wedding." " I remember. You gave a supper in honour of me, and sent me to bed before the speeches began, as if I were a little girl." "But you came down again," said Robert, feeling his way. " Did I ? I had forgotten that." She looked out across the sparkling sea for a moment, as if trying to remember. "No," she said at last, " I remember nothing from the time I went to bed that night till I woke up, in bed still, and found the nurse at my side." " Dearest," said Robert, " I would to God I knew how much you remember of what passed before that supper." " Listen !" she said. " I remember giving beer to a handsome stranger who said he had no money. I remember that be stayed at The Anchor, that he won my love, and that having won it, be seemed to regard it as the greatest treasure in the world. He clung to it through dangers and difficulties and terrors that any but he would have fled over half the world to escape. And I remember that when just now be asked if I loved him still, it was only my weakness and the fear of Mrs. Twaddell's wrath that prevented me from jumping up to give him practical proof. This much I remember and more than that," she added, looking intently into his eyes, " more than that I won't remember. And Robert, if you love me, never ask me to tell you more." " It is enough," he said. '. You will be patient with me, won't you I have been a battlefield, where Love and Fear have fought a deadly fight Love has won ; Fear is conquered for ever. But it has left me weak, and I shall need all your love and tender- ness." " " Need you ask for that ?" Think of the past to " We have no past, you and I ! Our life begins from this moment." " And you are happy?" he asked. " For the first time in my life !" she said, and her eyes filled with tears. " What's this ?" cried Mrs. Twaddell, suddenly appearing. " Crying already ? That's what comes of leaving you alone !" " Ah ! dear old friend," said Rohilla, "there is no happiness like that which makes one cry. Come here I want to whisper to you." Mrs. Twaddell hurried to her side, and bent her head to listen. Rohilla put her lips to her ear, and said softly, but just loud enough for Robert to bear : " Mother !" The good woman dropped on her knees, and, with her head on Rohilla's lap, began to sob aloud with joy. '. I say," said Robert, after a pause, " this is folly for me ! Isn't there anything I can cry about ?" " Forgive me, sir," said Mrs. Twaddell. " I'm a foolish old woman, and there's some things that's too much joy all at once for me to bear. And look here, sir," she added, with a twinkle in her eyes, "if Ross my daughter, it stands to reason you're going to be my soul, so-" . And taking advantage of Robert's inability to move she threw her arms round his neck and kissed him heartily on the cheek. An elephantine chuckle, and a loud cry of " Ho ! ho !" brought her erect again in a flash. Before her stood her husband, and by his side Jack Briggs. " Here's Jack come to see you, sir," said William. " A _d now - Maria, you come along with me. I see I can't trust you out of my sight !" And arm in arm the great William and his little wife went into the house. ." Jack," said Robert, " I don't like that cottage of yours much, sure you attached to it ?" " Not I, sir. 'Tis a tumble-down affair. But I can't afford a better." " How would you like to look after my new studio for me I shan't want it for a long time yet and if ever we do come down here to stay, there will always be room for you. It's not badly furnished, and might suit you." " That's all very well, sir," said Jack., " But what about the rent ?" " The rent will be £1000 a minute, beginning on this day a hundred years hence. You can manage that And look here, Jack ; what do you say to a new boat ?" " A new boat, sir ?" " Yes ; the best boat in Alders wy ke, built to your own order at my expense ?" Jack tried to gasp his thanks, but Robert cut him short. " God knows, Jack, you deserve more than all I can do for you 1 I'm almost ashamed to offer you such paltry things." He stretched out his hand, and JacK grasped it. Their eyes met'. They understood each other. "What are you thinking about Jack said Rohilla, after a prolonged silence. " I was wondering what I'd call 'er," said Jack. " What The boat ? Well, what name will you choose ?" Jack blushed and sighed deeply. *' The Beautiful Rohilla,' " said he. (The end.) NEW STORY. \- WILL BE COMMENCED , In YOUR ISSUE OF SATURDAY NEXT, 25th March, A NEW STORY, i By COULSON KERNAHAN, Author of " Captain Shandon," " A Book of Strange Sins," " A Dead Man's Diary," &c;, Entitled, SCOUNDRELS AND CO., See "Courier" of Saturday Nest, 25th March. 