A YORKSHIRE GHOST STORY. Burton AuMall, near Hull. the conn- j trv scat of Sir Henry Somerville Bojntou. j who lias died recently, has an extraordinary j ghost story attached to it. In the time of | Elizabeth the hall and estates became vested j in three sisters, co-heiresses, who detennin-1 ed to have erected for Themselves and their j descendants the present man-ion. to replace the older building. The younger of the three sisters, who had taken a special in terest in the erection of the lie^ house, was brutaliv maltreated by some ruffians when paviim a visit to Harpham Hall, the residence of Ladv St. Quentin, and died verv shortlv ;\fter. Before her death she made her sisters promise that her head should be removed from hei" body and pre served within the hall, to remain there for ever. She al>o left a weird menage to future owners of the h-jn.-e. that if thoy j disobeyed these injunctions she would ren der the place uninhabitable. Her sisters, j who had only made i ho promise to pacify her. had the body interred in the church without decapitation. A very short time afterwards stich terrible disturbances took place in Boynton-Agnes Hall that the ser vants refused to remain iu it. and it bo came. in truth, impossible ro live there. The two sisters then consulted wirh the vicar of the parish, and had the coilin opened. It was then found that the head was severed from the body and rapidly assuming the ap pearance of a fleshless skull. The skull was duly taken to the house, and placed on a table in the hall, where, with the exception of very short periods, ?t lias remained ever since. On one occasion a maidservant secretly threw it from a window on to a waggou. which remained immovable, until I terror-struck with what she had done, the girl confessed, and the skull was restored to its place. At another time the Bovnron : of the day, ignoring or disbelieving the i story, caused the skull to be buried in the garden. The result was that dreadful wail , ings' and numerous unexplained crashing wore heard about !he lull, and onlv ceased when the skull was reinstated. 