HYPNOTISM AND FRAUD. With the swindling hypnotise* the po lice of the future will have to reckon. Indeed, already this branch of occult science is being practised in a sinister way. So- long as the honest ;priee o£ food and clothing is hard work, so long will exist men and women whose sole aim in life is to transfer money from other-people's pockets to their own without giving any equivalent f0i- it. Every power possessed either by the liind or by the body of man lias at one time or other been utilized by the thief or the sharper as the means for effect ing this object; and it is not surprising that the faculty of exercising an influ ence over another person's will power by mesmeric or hypnotic suggeslion should also have been pressed into the unlovely service. The "confidence trick" can be played by tne hypnotist with a degree of safety which could never be attained by the spieler who professes to give his victim at least a game of cards for. his money. The operator, having by his blandishments cr other means put his victim into a friendly mood, expresses a desire to hypnotise him "just to show Ihe mu tual confidence and,trust which exist, between them;" and from that time is established an ascendency of one mind over the other. For the great majority o.: people the best place from which to study the hidden mysteries of hypno tism, ns well as some other forms of occult mental art is at a dis tance. No business man who values his position and reputation would ever think ol' signing his name to a docu ment or cheque which had to be filled in by some one else, thus placing his fortune and his liberty at the mercy of the latter. Similarly nobody who un derstands the importance of having- a healthy and wholesome power of voli tion should consent to be hypnotised except ing in vepr special circumstances. This was practically the advice given by Mr. Ernest Hart in his pamphlet on "The Eternal Gullible, or Confessions of a Professional Hypnotist," which was published about live years ago, during the temporary excitement over the hypnotic art. The swindling in stinct seems to thrive naturally amongst many who cultivate the fa tuity ot' establishing any sort, of mental ascendency over others. In the old country even some Christian Scien tists are now largely laintc'd with money-getting charlatanism; and as the cult, loses part ol^ the odour of semi- sanctity given to it by its genuine Members the tendency to resort to cheating becomes accentuated. The history ol" the hypnotic and mes meric craze of a, few years ago affords an illustration in point. One instance of tin; kind of downward progress ex perienced by some of those who prac tise occult arts is adduced by a solicitor who writes in "Cassell's Journal." Ma dame. X was touring in various parts of Europe as a lecturer 011 clair voyance and hypnotism. She was a tall, handsome, daru woman of striking presence, and few who had heard her forgot the peculiar manner in which &he; gained the attention of her audi ences. In course of time she became housekeeper to a lady of means who, being afflicted with nervous debility, soon allowed herself to be almost en tirely guided by Madame. After the lady's death her relatives found to their amazement that a duly executed will had been made out by a lawyer brought from a distance for the pur pose, and that all the possessions of the lady, which carried an income of £1,200 | si year! had been bequeathed to Ma dame X . Close enquiry concerning the antecedents of the legatee disclosed ; the fact that she had on more than one occasion told her audiences from the; public platform about her power to compel any one whom she had hypno tised to do almost anything she desired. Notes and records were made out, and the ex- liousekeeper was confronted with these boastful utterances, and threatened with legal proceedings for the purpose of upsetting the will on the ground of undue influence. The woman was much alarmed at. being thus brought to book. Her hypnotic will power was of no avail against the law yers, although the family of the deceas ed lady urged a.compromise. Ultimate ly Madame X--;agreed fo disappear on receiving £2,000 .as her share of the estate. The most dangerous and seduc tive of all hypnotic quacks aile' those who throw around their performances the halo of nnasi-inspiratjon. The quackery is sandwiched between large slices of so-called religion And meta physics. and it is generally also cunningly hidden from view, but rendered all tlie . more pleasant to the taste'^oh" account of the contact with that w^iich surrounds it More than Vfcdnttiry ago Count Cagllostro electrified whole cities Vy the amazing aiidaelty. jWith' - which lie practiced his mesmeric'- "ahd-" healing arts." Carlyle ? wrote- ' ?' " . ? /. Behold hiWi '%verj'#herc welcomed with vivata or in a westrwcki.-silence; gilt -pasteboard: Freemasons 'receive him under the steel arch of crossed sabres; he mouhts to' tbq. seat* of the Venerable; lioids high discourschburs long on masonry, Morality, universal scienee, divinity, and things in general, with, a sublimity, emphasis, and unction proceed ing-as lie made it appear-from the special in spiration of the Holy Ghost. . Vet this ruan, upon whom thousands of rich dupes showered their ..wealth, so that he journeyed from town to town in more gorgeous state than any mon arch of his' day, was proved to have been an adventurer of the lowest type, whose career had been stained Avith.al riost every crime known to the prison calendar. Out of tlip deep mine of human igno rance, prejudice, and mental sloth it is still possible for others similarly mind ed to draw copious' supplies of filthy lucre. The business of tlie hypnotic quack is never wound up-never even suspended for a few years. It is re floated under a new mime, when tlie investing public have become tired of the old one-like a wild-cat mine which haw worn out its welcome on the Stock Exchange. It promises to bring relief for the ailments of both body and soul, mixing in 'about equal proportions the consolations of a spurious religious sen timent with the anodyne of mesmerism as applied to the nervous system. The duly qualified medical hypnotist, as a rule, uses his power merely as a variant on other forms of anaesthesia, seeking to prevent a patient from feeling pain while under an operation. Sensible people, however, should always be on their guard against any possible abuse of tlie principle, and should give the .preference to ordinary methods of ap plying anaesthetics, uulcss very clear reason against their adoption has been shown, and unless they have full couli dence in the operation. An instance is quoted by the writer already mentioned, in which a retired merchant. was brought entirely under the domination of his family doc tor, whom he had "permitted frequently to hypnotise him, and wno had prosti tuted his powers for purposes of gain. When this man died he made the phy sician his executor and left, him £5,000 -a larger sum than any of his relatives and dependants received. There was 110 suggestion of any family quarrel to account for the strange preference, but i' was fully recognised that the doctor had practically held his patient's con science in his keeping. The' records of disputed will cases-not only in the old country, but also in Australia-afford a strange insight into the remarkable as cendency which may be attained by tlie mind of a. vigorous and unscrupulous person over that of a patient enfeebled by disease and-perhaps uneasy in con science. How much of undue.influence has been the result of hypnotic sugges tion can only be vaguely guessed; but there is reason to believe lliat in future the law will scrutinise more closely than it has done the claims of legatees who in tlie last days of tlie testator have plainly made special efforts 1o se cure a dominating power over his mind. There.may be nothing new under the sun, but. there are institutions which seem destined never to lose their fresh ness and charm. In a fin-de-siecle age, when signs of degeneracy are supposed to be particularly abundant, it is gratifying to find that in this sunny land at least we have still a taste for holiday-making. As a people we are not unmindful of the good old maxim relating to tlie effects of all work and no play. A certain melancholy is sup posed to be a general characteristic of Australian life and scenery, but not sadly do we take our pleasures. At 110 time are the malcontents, whether ot: the (rradgrind or other rest-hating variety, a numerous class amongst us. The climate is not congenial to their presence-the popular temper is not in harmony with their ideas; and duriiig the festive season even the anchorite and the Cynic can scarcely remain un affected by the general rejoicing. Tom Hood wrote There's Morbid all bile, and vcrjuice, and nerves; Where other people would make preserves lie turns his fruit into picklcs; Jealous and envious and fretful by day, At niglit (0 his own sharp fancies a prey, He lies, like a hedjrehog rolled up the wrong way, Tormenting himself with his prioklcs. Even this fretful hedgehog, however, must unroll himself at holiday time and bask in the sunshine of pleasure with the rest of mankind. To those whose horizon the dark clouds of afflic tion have overcast the consolation is offered that through many a rift in the Heavens the sun may be seen still to be shining. In one of the happiest of his Christ mas stories Dickens apportions the part which Sorrow plays in real happi ness. When the Haunted Man, who desired to dismiss for ever the remem brance of his great sorrow, realized the chastening influence of suffering he hastened to cancel his bargain with Memory, and so to regain possession of the old remembrances. Sorrow purifies and softens the character and smoothes out tlie rough creases in man's nature. It instils the virtues of kindness and pity; and, if the sadness of a bereavement does seem inhar monious with tlie seasonal festivities, yet those upon whom such a blow may have fallen ait; rich at least' in the sympathy of their fellows. With the advent of Christmas the average busi ness man casts aside his calculations and worries, and unbends in some con genial pastime. The ledgers will re main unopened on the deslis. debts and liabilities will cease to trouble, and in precincts where once tumult and clamour reigned supremo peace and fjuietudc as of a cloister- will -dwell. 1 here is a great charm 'in avoiding even for a short season the bustle and artificiality of the town, in throwing aside the conventional .stiffness with which men are-enveloped, and in revel ling In the free -fresh air. The voice, of Nature at,one tiine or another cries loudly .within the hearts of .all, and the desire to heed her call, to. plunge into her woods, and to linger with her sunsets may, perhaps, /be an instinct bequeathed to, us by our primeval forefathers. Those to whom the pleasures of the holiday season primarily appeal are, of course, the bawls of children, free, from the cares of school, and anxious only for pleasure. Books and slates and lessons have for the time been cast away, and the schoolroom once disturbed witii the huiri of noisy chat terers is as stal as though a perpetual Sabbath had descended upon it. Little sunburnt legs will ply up and down the sands or paddle in the wash of the sea, whilst tiny hands will dig minia ture ditches, erect ? model castles, or build up the white sand into fantastic mounds suggestive of future dreams and expectations. The hills will claim tlieir shave of juvenile pleasure-seekers, and wagons usually accommodating prosaic barrels or homely merchandise will be weighed down with loads of happiness in the shape of laughing children. Perhaps no other city in Aus tralia is so happily situated for the seeker after pleasure as Adelaide: With the ever-changing sea within easy distance, the hills close at hand, and iu the City itself botanical an-] ecological gardens which are models of .their kind, every opportunity Is afforded for unclouded enjoyment. To those who seek other than a mere day's outing the southern seaside resorts offer every facility for a prolonged holi day; whilst for the pleasures of camp l'fe the gum-lined banks and stretcb ii g lagoons of our iulnnd river are un surpassed. The yachtsman longing for n.ore than a sail in a. millpoud may inn westward to beautiful Port Lin coln-one of the finest harbours in the v,o.rld-or southward to Kangaroo Island, where the lishing is unap proachable. To the sportsman the bills are not wholly destitute of attraction; whilst die Murray waters teem with Psli and wildfowl, even if reports of the unerring marksmanship of the City Fathers, who periodically visit some porlion of the river, liavecompell ed the more timid of the game to de part in affright to remote backwaters and billabongs. Philosophically con sidered, holidays are an opportunity for recreation and for reflection. The onward rush of lite leaves little leisure in which the busy man may dwell upon the mysterious ways and processes of uature. Life is, perhaps, with many u.o stern in its reality, too unbending 5n its purpose. Pleasm'es.nnd beauties lie everywhere at hand, but. men's eyes are too often fixed upon the future to note the flowers growing by 1,1M; way side. The music of life is unheard; its glories are unheeded. Yet the splen dours of the sunset, the murmur of the flowing sea, the licauly of the lily-are not these part, of existence? In little things, as Ituskin tells us, true enjoy riont is to be found; lint after all the temperament, of Hie individual will re main the -prism which gives this worldly existence its litrht and shade, probably have a cool 28th." 