General Gossip. Mr. Walter Baker returned to Melbourne on Monday. Ho Is enjoying a short tind well deserved holiday. Miss Peggy Pryde Is to bo tendered a benefit at the Tivoll next Wednesday after noon. A special bill will be presented, and no doubt the talented littlo lady 'Will have a crowded, house. Mr. H. H. Douginss, the latest addition at Iho Tivoll, bears a striking facial rcsem blanco lo Mr. G. H. Wood, 'the somowhat different comedian.' ' Mies Olga Neineifoln, after a very; suc cessful American tour, during which, .it will bo. remembered,: she inherited a legacy of £40.000, .will leave Now York for London' to-day. She will do another season In the great- metropolis. According to tho latest 'Stage,' 'Tho Dancing Girl,1; with Mrs. Brown-Potter ias DriiBilla Ives, will follow 'Carnac Sahib' at Her Majesty's, London. Mr. Lionel Brough has just been en gaged to play in tho Autumn ?drama at Drury Lane which Mr. Cecil Raleigh is writing, and in which Miss Ada Rohan will sustain the. principal part. Miss Jennie Leo's honeflt.'at the London Prince ot Wales' Theatre, nvas to have taken place last night. The result probably will- be cabled through toTmbrrow. Let us hopoit Wasa bumper. Frank Thornton was to have produced at tho beginning of this month, at the Prtuco ?ot Wales,' Liverpool,. 'Facing the Music,' the .now farcical comotly, by J. 11. ' Dariiloy , which was 'copyrighted' at Leicestor a short time back with the title 'The Other Mr. Smith.' Mr. Lionel Brough and ilihs Hope Dudley were both announced: in ;the caste. iV; , M'IClsEon and ICearns supply a vc-ry good turn In this week's bill at the Tivoll. -By the way.ithore.ls a Tivoll company: (not one cf Mr. Rlckards') touring. Now Zealand, which contains an artist by thename 0 M'Kisson. Mn.da.nic Sarah Bernhardt will commence her season at tho London Adelphi tomor row week with 'Hamlet.' it will be inte resting to hear what London' critics: think of the 'frail mjstic.' A London exchange says that Mr. Daniel Fiohman will abandon tho Lyceum in New York, and. build for. himself 1 a new housb'at the, corner of Broadway and 46th-otreot. Miss Ada Reeve (accoiding to the '2rs') has had to seek rest and chaugo In the West of England, where she is recovering from an -attack of blood poisoning. The Flying Jordans, who aie at tho ptc ecut in the raid:,i of a phenomenally suc cessful ..tour. of Java. and the far.East gene rally, will, in all probability, pay a return vitit to Australia, prior to their final da Piituro for the States, wnon Sydney will be visited In common with tile-other chiof cent; cs So lar, 1c has aot yet been decided \heihor the tour vill 3tart in Bananalaud oi-1 Westralla Mr. Edwlii Geaoh, who Ins inanagedthe far East tour, vMU, return to Australia. ' '' Mclllo. Jane Marcy, of the Paris Opera, is teported to havo pin chased a yacht foi £8000, in winch she intend? to sail to Amsi ica, to use au j. iioatmg hotel while sho appeals at sundiy cities in the States. Not to be O'udone,- the other Mdlle. Matsy intends to go .i-tourlug in a private' b.if loon. .It only -wants au actiess to engage a submatlnc boat to complete a trio of ec centricities. Truo it Is tha't a prophet, if he remalu In ihis own land, is likely to go unhonoicd aud untewarded. Little -rich, tho English comedian, it seems, is now receiving in Paris £10 for each performance he gives, aud ho is giving nine parfotmaucea a week —£360:1 This is considerably ovor £1S,500. a year 1 Heller's Mahatma Company will coni menca a season at the Brisbane Oputa Houso on Satuiday ulght. Upon Its conclu sion the combination will play North to tho Towers, with Java and tho East to follow/ Mr. Harry Robetto, writing from Xapiur under date May IS, says —'Just half a do^en lines to say -no are all well, aud bit. excellent. I have po&toa; ;ou from time to time numerous papers, sfiom our dtfforiat towns, which I havo no doubt .\cu haio duly received, and as duly consigned to the , waste-paper basket. Ou.' dates aro ;from.hero': Hastings, May IS. 19, 20; Wari-' ganui, May 23, '21, 25; Marion, L'li; lluntcr vtlle, 27: Feildtng, 20 and 3u; l'almerston North, May 21 and Jtmo'l. 'A Prodigal Father' has caught on hoto, likewise 'David Garnck,' and the e\er-verdnnt 'Struck -Oil,' of course, holds its ow-n everywhere. We are going right dowu through tho South Island again before leaving for \morica. Kiud logards fiom Mm. Wlliamson ;and: self.' The: 'Petit' Journal;' published in ?Paris, In:ai short notlco of tho production of ,;.'iib bOBpleno' at' the London Lyceum, has the following: 'The various artistes obtained a complete success, notably Sir H. Irving ii'jd lime Helley- Dorry, who filled the piemier loles.' Apparently tho messago had boon spoken through the' telephono by a gentleman with a cold. The lady leferred to, of com so, was Ellen Torry. If -the Bill to protOL-t plays not copy righted by making their misappropriation a misdemeanor passes tho New i'ork State Legislature — a contingency that seems now to bo highly probable— another great stop in advance will bo made in tho cause of safeguarding dramatic property. The pas sage of buch a law In New York will form a valuable procederit In .other States where similar legislation can be piocured. , Ir Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Ohio, and 'sev- eral of tha Southern States would adopt this, measuie the business of play piracy of any description would como to an end (says the 'Dramatic Mirror.') Mi. Chamberlain as on amateur actor has it appears; a rival in Lord Koscbory. It is true that Lord Rosebery's appearance upon tho stage happened a long while ago, but that he'-'dld appear, arid as Sergeant Buzfuz In 'Barflell versus' Pickwick' is vouched for. His Lordship ought loally to repeat the experiment for 'the benefit of the rising generation. — 'Pelican.' 'N.Y. Dramatic Mirror' of recent issue has a portrait and career sketch of'P.itrlco. Says the writer: — 'Patrice has a now iketch, called 'Edna's Ghost,' which she produced last week at tho Novelty Theatre in Brooklyn, with, great success. It is on.) of thefeatures-pf the bill at Proctor's this ?week;- and' will be seen later in other' cities. The production is on a grand scale, as Pat rice needs nothing but the bare staee sup ,/iyiug ev'erything^in the way of scenery auu properties. --In ^peaking' of her plans, she said:., 'I hayp had any number. of offers to return to the legitimate branch of the pro fession, but I havo found vaudeville so pleasant that I am determined to remain in iti The people I havo met in vaudeville have been so kind and ilco that it la a real pleasure to work with them.' ?Here is a little anecdote related by' Mrs. Kundal. ? 'I must,' she declares, 'tell an amusing incident that occurred In the Thea tre Royal. Dublin, whilo I was p!a.yiiig Ga latea. -You. remember t'hat Pygmalion has a Joalous wife, named Cynlsca. At tho moment, when I was about to throw myself into the. arms of Pygmalion, an old Irish lady shouted out': 'Don't, darlint 1 His wife has just gone out.' , It destroyed the scone. Everybody, including myself, had to burst into laughter.' Franclsquo Sarcoy, toe dramatic critic, says that all the Paris theatres, except the new Opera Comlque, are full of fleas. Ho suggests that sheep should be driven into the playhouses before each performance to attract the pestc-^a method that is said to fcavo been tried with success iu. Spanish amusement houses. 