AT THE BATTLE FLOWERS. OF I wu lolling on one of the wooden seats, and tasking in tbe morning sunshine on L» Croisette •t Cannes. It was five or ux year* ago. The blinds of tho white-fronted Cerele Kantiqae were carefully drawn,to protect (be complexions of the one or two elderly tnembeni reading the newspapers in the big room; the little enclosure in front of the - elnb was encumbered with mmntuin of antMtmmA chairs, to be nwd when the military band played in the afternoon; Rnnipelmcyer's, best and moat expensive of afternoon tea-haunts, slumbered in the sunlight ; and from the depths of a grove of palms and orange tress in the garden of the Grand Hotel the drowsy burden of a Neapolitan song was wafted on the warm air. _ , The sea sparkled and fiasbod ; the yellow sunlight on the road and the walls of the garden's made one's eyes ache. Near in by the narrow harbour, and oat by the green islands, the little pleasure boats which are peculiar to Cannes Uckrd an<t turned like seabirds skimming over the blue water*. Presently an old gentleman who was sitting at tbe other end cf the bench began to talk to me. He was grey-haired and di«Ungnished-Iooking, and wore the small red ribbon cf the T-egion of Honour in the button-bole of his tight-fitting frock-coat. He was not a Frenchman, however, although an old resident in Cannes. He told me a number of interesting facts connected with the tow n in the early days of its popularity. Eut what in terra ted me most was his stocy •elating to the big white villa on our left. It was a large house standing back from the dusty road behind two iron gates and a low stone wall. There was a grass-sown lawn between the carriage drive and ttie panpet of the wall; and two or three big palms, the highest trees on the CroireUe, threw their black shadows upon tbe rows of closely shuttered windows. It was a solidly-boilt.stately kind of house, hot in the staring front and shuttered windows there was a depressing aspect, which my companion pointed oat to me. " You notice that it is unoccupied, although the season is at its height," he remarked. " It n ten years now since anyone lived there, and I doubt verymnch if it will ever be occupied again. There axe people who say that it is haunted." •• And is it baonted 7" I asked. ' Perhaps it is haunted for the owners," he rrplied enigmatically. "Have you happened to remark the carvings on (he gates ? No ! Well, if you look, JOB will see the Imperial Eagles of Russia on both gates. Tbe place belongs to the Imperial Family—to one of the Grand Dukes. " Haunted !" be repeated. " If it is so— aud who shall say. that sneh things may not be, sir ?—it is hannted by the ghost of a veiy beautiful and very unhappy lady—the last person who ever lived within those walls, sir. She was quits young—two or three and twenty —with tfae splendid dark hair aad'glorims eyes of the women of the South of Fiance. Tall and slender, gracious and graceful, in good health, she must have been one of tbe handsomest women in Europe. When I saw her, disease had already dolled the lustre of her eyes and hollowed the fullness of her faos. I c>n rememm ember her sad smile of welcome, when I was first shown into her presence, as well as if it was yesterday. She was lying cn a couch before the blazing wood-fire, in one of the front rooms looking out over the bay, and the elderly dame de compagnie who had summoned me introduced me to my patient without a word of explanation as to the nature of her complaint. "' Am I so ill as they say, Doctor T she asked in a low sweet voice. • Do not be afraid to tell me the troth.' " It was not a pleasant question to answer. I may say, that at this time I had some slight reputation for my method of treating chest eases—I have long since ceased to practice—and there eoold be no doubt that there was chest trouble bene. I made my examination : hopeless—the lungs going lite dry paper- in a ted fire, and a oonsmning fever to fan tne fatal flame. It was the horribly rapid destruction of a naturally strong constitution that had received a death-blow. She was doomed. Oi course I aid not tell her so; bst I enjoyed absolute quiet and the greatest care, making a cheerful allusion to the healing powers of tbe sunny days in store for ns, now that a windy February was nearly over. " ' Shall I be well enough to be out on the day of the Battle of Flowers ?' she asked. * It is on on the 14th of March, yon know.' " I told her Unt this must depend on her caution and patience. Then I promised to come to see her again and went oat with the elderly, grey-haired companion. You may imagine that I put a good number of questions to this grave-visaged lady. It is essential to a physician to be acquainted with tfae history of the case on which his advice is sought—the beginning of the evil, its coarse, and M forth. Bat precious little assistance did 1 obtain. Uy beautiful patient had evidently forbidden her dependent to give me any information. She had no friends or relations, I was told, who could be summoned to the sick-bed. She was living alone in the big villa, with newly engaged servants to wait upon her, and not a soul to cheer her through the long dull days of illness but tbe taciturn companion. " Well, sir, I made my way straight to the house-agents and bankers, determined to find out all that was possible concerning tbe matter. Tbe agent an exceedingly able and obliging gentleman—would tell me everything he knew. Oddly enough he knew nothing. " * You ask who and what is Madame Gregory, the tenant of the Villa St. Marguerite,' said my friend, * I wish to heaven you could tell ns ! We know no more than tfae man in the moon. All I can tell you is—she is fabulously rich, and she has got ns into a lot of trouble, and lost ns an account which we highly priced.' " It appeared that early in the autumn tbe agent was instructed by the Imperial owners to find a tenant for the villa. Just about Christinas this Madame Gregory applied for it; a provisional agreement was made—the negotia tions to be held open for a few days. In those few days came a despatch from St. Petersburg saying that the Grand Duke himself meant to occupy the house with his young bride. The agents tried to break oif tbe agreement, but could not do to. They had let the villa, but the price was not yet settled. So they determined to get rid of Madame Gregory by making • preposterous demand. They named an absurdly large sum ; tbe lady agreed to it without a word of expostulation, and tbe contract had to be signed. The Grand Dtifcr, it seemed. Was furious, and an Imperial—and imperious —client was lost ta the agencj. "Now, sir, you will hardly credit it, but for three weeks I attended my lovely patient, for three weeks I played the part of a private detective, questioning servants, tradesmin, fee.; for three weeks I enjoyed a growing friendship with my poor charge—without, in the •lightest degree, piercing the mystery which ftnrrounded her. " It cut me to the heart to watch this beautiful young creature fading away, alone and friendless—to realise that she was onhappy, that some crushing sorrow was fighting against the young life, side by side vriili the fell disease —and yet to havo no due ta lighten the darkness about her. Who can minister to a mind diseased ? 1 had a thousand suspicious, but never once made a guess within leagues of the truth, nntil one day chance lifted the veil. " I was sitting by her bedside, willingly •rasting an hour in the endeavour to brighten the sombre monotony of her long days by a little gossip of the outside world, when—as rim moved rrstlcKsly —there fell from beneath h>r pillow a heavy trinket. I stooped to pick it up, and involuntarily examined it. " It was an exquisite gold-framed miniatnrt set with precious stonps,*nd rarmoanfe d by the Imperial crown of Russia in brilliants. But-it was tbe face—the m«n"s face in the minis*are —tliat startle ) me ra violently I murmured the man's name as I handed the trinkit back ta her trembling hands. ••' Yis. It is the Grand Duke Gregory Gregorovich of Russia, and—my husbanfl/ ehe said slowly, and thcr. b«ret into a torrent of team. The companion tmrfcenrd ta hrr side, begging and praying her to compose herself ai<d tossjitomore. " Bat I said.' My poor child, fallme everything. Lock at my gnyhadra ; I am oM enoagh to be your father. And are not doctors tbe priests of modern Wet? Confess yomastf to me, and let •>•> belf yvo if I can.' « Well. Um, «*, little by IftOa fcer rtOt? man of the world, will probably have heart many similar. I will give yoa the briefest outline, though, to me, tin unhappy girl ponred oat her whole heart, and filledin evety little detail of her romance with the marrelloas power which comes only from deep feeling. " This Russian was a scoundrel—a cowardly, cdd^Uomng villain. I can't help being warm, sir. He came to Algiers on a Russian man-ofwar, at the time when tfae girl's father, a great French contractor, was engaged on the harbour works, and the family were living in a big villa above the town. The ssilor-prinee deliberately set himself to win the girl's heart. The weeks rolled by, the ship should long ago have sailed, hut the Boyal commander lingered. One night they were married—solemnly, formally married —in their own names, before the French consul at Algiers. Tbe girl had no shade of doubt as to tfae validity of the contract; the man knew that it was absolutely worthless. That, sir, is Russia's Imperial method of seduction. " Then followed desertion, excuses, lies, and. finally,the intimation that the Cxar had refused his ratification of the nuion. Disgraced and dishonoured,her father and mother dying of tbe bitter thante, the poor creature found hrr way to St. Petersburg, to plead her cause with the great tyrant, and arrived only to find the man who bad ruined her on tbe eve of solemnising his marriage with another woman. " She was standing in the snow, outndc the eburch, and the bridegroom saw her, and his face turned pale as he passed in to vards the high altar. She was standing in the snow, outside the palace, while tbe marriage feast proceeded.' Someone saw the desolate black figure from the palace windows. An order was given, •fid she wu driven away by the Imperial Guards at tbe point of the bayonet. "' I shall see him once again, Doctor,' die said. * Look you, the newspapers say be will be here before the first Battle of Flowers. He wanted to bring ber to this house. He does not guess who is his tenant.' " I soothid fcer as well as I conld. I knew now why die clang to the idea oT being out for the Battle of Flowers, and I let her think she would be well enough to be present, though I knew there would be no chance of it. " Now see how strangely Providence, Fate, blind chance—call it what you will — orders things to pass. I 6bal! never forget that llth of March. The mistral was blowing, and the white dust was whiiling along the Crois: tte— one of those horrible March days which we sometimes have I ere. I was taking my little niece to see the flower battle, and she was delighted with tbe music of the band, the beautifully decorated carriages, the rain of blossoms when parties of friends passed each other ; while I was shivering, and wondering at the folly and extravagance of tbe whole business. " My little niece and I passed this veiy seat, sir, and had reached that further palm, when shouts and cheering further down attracted my attention to an approaching vehicle. In a moment I rrcogniscd the splendid black horses —Romanoffs—and the eaudy livuries of the servants. The wheels and body of the barouche, the harness of the horse* and box-seat were hidden by a thick covering of white flowers— lilies-of-the-valley, white lilac, tuberoses—the most expensive flowers, costing thousands and thousands of francs. The carriage was the success of the afternoon. It had won the first prize— a gorgeous silk banner—and the Grand Duke Gregory and his fair young bride were in the most affable humour, bowing and laughing and flower-throwingwith the greatest energy. " Precisely where I was standing a block occurred. Tbe white carriage came to a standstill. Instinctively I looked across the road to the Villa St. Marguerite. To my horror and amazement my patient was standing in the garden, with her hands on the low wall, staring with fixed eyes into the Royal carriage. Suddenly be saw her, started to his feet amid the mass of blossom, and stood staring back at the woman he had wronged with a look of deadly terror in his heavy face. Then I saw her lift a bouquet in her hand ; but at tbe same moment a convulsive fit of coughing seized her. She staggered and reeled, held the white flowers to her mouth, and in an instant they were red, then hurled them in the man's face, and fell back into the companion's arms, while the carriage rolled on, and tbe bride and bridegroom the lilies and the lilac, were spattered aod stained by her life's blood. Yes, sir, it was fine, was it not ? I shall never forget it. She wts dead before I had crossed tfae road and entered the garden. Sudden haemorrhage, fec. "She was bnried in tho cemetery over yonder —a huge white sarcophagus, dominating the hill and the harbour—wc ought to be able to see it from where we sit—and deeply cut on one face of it (the face which points to Russia) were the plain words,' Here lies'—1 won't tell you tbe name—' lawful and only wife of Gregory GFeg0rovitch,Grsnd Duke and Arch-Traitor of Russia,. That Mt all. Bnt the Czar hetrd of that inscription, made strenuous representations, and the French Government offered sycophantic apologies, and chiselled it out—cut it clean away; so that if you go to the cemetery and look at tbe great white tomb, you will see no word or syllable to tell you it marks tbe restingplace of a deeply-wronged woman. " But I have wearied yon with this narrative. Sir, I have the honour to wish you good morning.' \- —" The World." 