The Sunday School INTERNATIONAL LE5S0N. SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900. THE BIRTH OF JESUS. Luke ii. 1-16. Golden Text (Matt. i. 21).— 'Thou shalt call His name Jesus ; for He shall save His people from their sins.' The Birth of Christ. The Son of God came into the world in the form and dress of a little child. Born in a manger — prob- ably some cave or grotto used for sheltering cattle, and one has con jectured that it may have belonged to the same shepherds to whom the glad tidings were first brought. Son of God, Son of man. The Lord of heaven, a. little child asleep. This contrast has always siezed the imagination : God to be a child ; the Word Incarnate to be born ; the Ancient of Days to become an infant ; the King of Eternity to be a month old; the Almighty to be a weak man ; the Founder of the heavens to be rocked in a cradle ; the Spirit to assume a body ; Majesty to put on mortality ; Power, to turn to j infirmity — this is to bring heaven down to earth. In this and similar language have reverent Bible readers striven to : express the great contrast. Only by meditation will Meditation the contrast become vivid Needful. and real to us. For us ! one has said : ' It is not | the junior teacher, ttut the teacher of a * senior class who will be perplexed with i the subject of this lesson. The question I with him is how to throw into the treatment of so familiar a narrative j! sufficient novelty to awaken any keen M interest. Let him put the question, l' Did any one know who the child was ? f ' ? We speak of Christ's motive and aim ; with children we should say, what made Him do it, and what He did it for.' The Church ^ ^)e eas*ern en^ °* *'ne of fjjg little town of Bethlehem Nativity stands a convent, in which is found the cave trans formed into a church which tradition reveres as the birthplace of Jesus. A white marble slab, with a wreath of silver rays, marks the place of the birth. Silver lamps are always burn ing around, and an altar stands near, which is used in turn by the monks of the convents. We cannot be certain that this is the exact spot though it is not improbable. Our faith may be aided by form, but it is not dependent on it. Still it is folly to neglect any suggestions that may make our know ledge concrete, and bring holy truths within the range of distinct conception. ' God,' as a great thinker A Revelation reminds us, ' manifests of God. all His attributes in send ing His Son : His power, in making Mary become a mother through the operation of the Holy Ghost ; His wisdom, in the choice of the time, place, and circumstances ; His faithfulness, in the fulfilment of the word of prophecy (Micah v. 1) ; His holiness, in hiding the miracle from the eyes of an unbelieving world ; and especially His love and grace (John iii. 16). But, at the same time, we see how different, and how infinitely higher are His ways and thoughts than ours. His dealings with his chosen ones seem obscure to our finite apprehension when we see that she who was most blessed of all women, finds less rest than any other. God brings His counsel to pass in silence, without leaving the threads of the web in mortal hands. Apparently an arbitrary decree oeeides whtre Christ is to be born. Still, when carefully viewed, a bright side is not wanting to the picture. God as the Almighty carries out His plan through the free acts of men ; and without his know ledge Augustus is an official agent in the Kingdom of God.' When we remember who it is that came the lowliness and wonder become natural and necessary. The shepherds were Angels on the doing their common Path of Duty, work as men speak ; and then angels greeted them. In the manger God and man were united. On the Bethlehem plains heaven and earth met. ' The residence of the shepherds is not mentioned, nor do we know the place where they were kepping watch. It appears to have been in the vicinity of Bethlehem, and yet some little distance removed. There is now, a mile or more east from the convent, a plain in which is a little village called the Village of the Shepherds. Not far from this village is pointed out the field where, it is said, they weie feeding their flocks, and here is shown a grotto, called the Grotto of the Shepherds. In this field a church was built by the Empress Helena. In its neighbourhood stood formerly a cloister, but now only ruins are to be found. It is mentioned by Bernard, a.d. 867. Tradition makes the number of shepherds three or four, and gives their names.' — Andrews1 Life of our Lord upon the Earth. Men on earth and angels Heaven in hpn.vpn hrmnnrflrJ n.nrl and Earth, acclaimed the Babe of Bethlehem. The angels' song rang upward: ' Glory to God in the Highest.' The angels' t ong rang downward : ' On earth peace ; good will to men.' The shepherds were stirred to wonder : ' Let us go and see this King.' The shepherds were moved to swift and complete obedience : ' They came with haste and frund.' The shepherds became evangelists and apostles of the Holy Child : 'They made known abroad.' ' The first lesson given us by the new-born Christ is Obey.' — Starke. The angels' song is the The Church's key-note of the Glory to Songs. God in the Highest, which was used as a morning hymn in the Greek Church as early as the second or third century, and thence passed into the Latin, Anglican, and other churches. As Dr. Schaff says : ' Sacred poetry was b 'rn with religion, and the poetry of the Church is the echo and response to the poetry and music of angels in heaven.' 