CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. THE YATMAN MISSION. The Riev. C. H. Yatman on Saturday evening had Victoria Hall crowded to hear about his preaching to lepers in Hawaii and to kaflirs in South Africa. Mr. Virgo sang • ;>peed away." . llr. Yatman *;iid that 100,000 heathen die every day. Ciod had promised that the kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdom of out- God and of His Ciiri=t. When he be came a Christian he had an ambition to preach the Gospel in every land and on trery sea. He visited the receiving- station for Jepers at Molokai, and tlxe dreaa ful condition of the poor inmates, but he had the privilege of preaching Christ to them, and seeing many of them turn to Him. Then he wen* on to Africa, for he iud vowed to preach the Gospel on the Continent, one of whose .->ons had camea the cross of the Son of God. - On the Kirn' berley diamond fields thousands of me Zulus caice to hear him, and numbers were converted. In Japan he. preached to some of the University students, and in Tofcvo 70 rose for prayer. Mr. Yatman held five services on Kan day. He preached at the Pirie-stTeet Wes leyan Church in the morning to a crowded congregation, even the i^les being occu pied. The Rev. Dr. H. T. Burgess and Mr. J. J. Virgo were al?o on the platform. Mr. Yatnian spoke on "Sin," and divided his sermon into five heads—"What tin is; what it does; who have sinned; tne remedies for *in; and the final result or sin." It was a heart-searching discourse, calculated to awaken, men to thought, as well as to the real condition of the inner life, which, would show itself in an out ward form. Two large meetings were held in the Exhibition Building in the after noon, die firs; one being lor -women only. 31 r. Yatman's subject was ''Lot's wife!" The lesson he drew from Lot's wife bein; turned into a pillar of salt was that salt in the Scripture stands for grace, and tne city of Sodom was graceless, and so was Lot's wife, and the question to the girl hood and womanhood of Adelaide was, "Are you to be jsr-icdes-s or graceful?" At ihe men's meeting, which was held after wards, and which was largely attended, Mr. Yatniao had for his subject, "Sowing wheat or wild oats, which?" He dealt with the five tin* of drunkenness, swearing, impurity, infidelity, and neglect, as being sown from five different bins. He gave anecdotes relating to each subject, and etracluded with his usual strong and effec tive appeal. A large audience assembled in the Theatre Royal .it night to hear Sir. Vatmau preach or. "The Unpardonable Sin." Mr. Virgo and the choir sang "Why not now*"* Sir. Yatman said there was a line crossing ever)- path, which marked the change from hope to despair, and who ever crossed thp.t live forfeited his chance of salvation. The unpardonable sin was the wilful rejection by a man of the truth which he knows would lead hini out ot darkness into light. It was possible for a man to persist yo long in rejecting the lisht wlm-h God had. Riven him that at last he called good evil, and evil rood. The blasphemy apainst the Holy Ghost resulted in petrifying the character, so that it could never bear Rood fruit. The Exhibition KuiMiiil; was densely packed at S.l&t.; and Jin ovcnioiv mect'inti, conducted by Rev. E. 11. Ellis, vra.- held 'in Clinlmers Church- Many hundreds wore unable to find admission to cither builriinp. Mr. Virgo sans "<>. the clanging bells of time."' 3fr. Y.stman celiverol a powerful address on "What comes after death?" If a man die shall lie live ajzain:' There was no answer to this question, save from God Himself. Every step we took was towards the cemetery-sate. DcKth was a doorway out of time into eternity. The address was illustrated by a chart showing the broad and narrow io;id-, one ending in hell, the other in heaven. The mission will be concluded to-day. There will he a seripon oti "Prevailim; prayer"' tlu"« afternoon in Victoria Hall, and a farewell sermon in the Exhibition Building at nieht o;i "Heaven,"' to be fol lowed by a converts* and enquirers' meet ing. A Tncranri.il window has recently been added to St. Luke's Church, Whitmore- Rouarc. and at the moraine service on Sun day it was- unveiled and dedicated. It has been given in memory of the late Mr. F. E. Lenthall by his widow, who was for merly ,-.?*istant organist of the church, and the work was well carried out by Messrs. Montgomery & Grimbly. The window, which has been placet] in the southern tran sept, bears the following inscription:— "To the glory of (ioil, and in loving me nioiy of Fiedori.-k .Kmerv T^entball. who died" May 10. 1899, aged 28. Erected by his loving wife." The dedication service was conducted by the Rev. \V. G. Marsh, who afterwards preached an earnest discourse from l'solms xvi., 11. A Gospel mission for the benefit of the boys of Addaide was begun at the O.D.L Institute on Sunday evening, when the first meeting was held, invitations had been sent to the Sunday - schools asking Iwys from 12 to 18 years of age to !«■ present, and they were well re sponded to. Addresses were given by some of the boys and experienced workers, including .Messrs. P. .1. Clark and Dick son. The mission will be continued each evening this week till Friday. 