OVERGROWING HER STRENGTH. Bow Dr. Williams' Pink Pills lake Weak Girls Strong. TESTIMONY from well-known and highly respected colonists is always worth print- ing, and the words of Mr, George Marner, of " Lamington," Victoria- road, Auburn, Victoria, are of this nature : "I thought I would lose.ray daughter, Miss Alice," said Mr. Marner to our reporter recently, "she was overgrowing her strength. Medical men could do nothing for her." Here Miss Marner entered ..and quickly told bow Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. " I commenced, some two years ago, to feel rery ill after returning home from school," said she, "I did not feel suffi- ciently nowell to take to my bed, bnt experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no in- clination to do so,' there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the 'quinine tonio'given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acote pains ia my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." "We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, " but that had no effect ; then I consulted a well-known Collins street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away fur a trip to Queensland, bot she returned looking worse. She wonld also retch on rising in the morn- ing ; and food taken could. not be kept down. She lost " flesh and became a mero ghost." " This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st. Sib.;, now. I am Dst. 71b." ' ~ " A great improvement ; yonr treat- ment mast have been beneficial ?" " No ; all the medicine I got . did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Wil- liams' Pink Pills for Pale People déserve that credit. . Just before the Jubilee holidays last year father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasance's, Obapel-street, Prahran ; they did me so mach good that I con- tinued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I »rn now as healthy aa anyone could wish." "And yon would recommend them?" " Yes ; and that strongly, too," said Mr. Marner. " Had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved. me a hundred pounds." Parents should think over this-good health amt a hundred pounds saved. It is undis- puted that Dr. Williams'Pink Pills bnild up the constitu- tion strengthen the system, en- rich the blood, and improve the brain. They are a certain enre for indi- gestion, pim- ples, skin dis- eases, liver and kidney troubles biliousness, ancuniia, sleep- lessness, rheu- matism, lnm bago, loas ol physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregularities, de- bility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, ftc. Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward six boxes for 15s. 3d., or one box for 2s. Od., post free. "Signet" Tobacco.-"Signet" tobacco is tlio braml to buy. It cnn be hivl of nil tobacconists in' town and conntry,Aitd Its gonuttie quality ia certified to by the trullo label of tlio mahers.* 