MR Fenton, the Government Statist, has furnished the metropolitan committee of enquiry into the unemployed, difficulty with statistics which must compel atten- tion and earnest enquiry to,the causes of and remedies for the state of affairs , disclosed. ■ Questioned as to the emigra tion; from Victoria, I 'Mr Fenton stated that during the past seven years, except in 1891 there has been a continuous and consider able excess of departures', over arrivals. In 1891 there was a net gain of 9000 per sons; but in each succeeding year', the emigration exceeded the inflow of popula tion: hv between 0000 and 7000 people, and last year the excess of departures over ar rivals amounted.:to no less than 12,262, while it is pointed out that to these figures, 'it is'necessary,'in order to, arrive at an aci curate conclusion,us to the exact ;number of departures from the colony, to add 10 per, cent.. in the case of; males and ; 6 ■ per: ■ cent.’ in 'that of femalesl In the'last edi tion .of;the.“ Tear Boole of. Victoria,".the, (resumption i of the .-publication i of "which' has'jdstTbeM~und'dfffihen,'tlie'Gdvemlnent Statist showed thafeven afMthe commence ment rdf, the' penodl to which'tlie foregoing statistics apply ’nearly. 70ip00 'persons;born~ in Victoria had been- allured away--tq otlier: colonies, no fewer than. 40,768 ’having drifi e’dto: JJewj South jTales., -The drains upon our people has been steady and.continuous ever since, counterbalancing the natural increase'of the population due to the ex cess of births over deaths, as well ah the influx, from other lauds, and it may be computed' that fully 100,000 native born hictorians have sought homes and means of livelihood in other parts of Australia, latterly there “has been a slight ebb of the tide. The temporary collapse of the boom in the West and the reflex action of the fearful drought in Riverine and Central New South Wales have to some extent affected us, and caused a reflux of people more particularly from West Australia, but it is to. be deplored that they return to find the conditions, of the times dis couraging, and the problem of providing work for the worklesS apparently as per plexing as ever. With regard to the un employed in the colony, Mr Fenton esti mates, on. the basis, of the latest statistics at. his command, that of the 500,000 odd bread-winners in Victoria, some 23,200 are out i of . work, of whom nearly 20,000 are men. -Why this state of affairs should Prevail in a n6w, country of gold and of fertile, lands and rich; resources is a ques tion that might with advantage engage tlie* attention ; 'of 'the 1 board ’ of enquiry of it wishes , to ..go to the root of the evil. . The -priinary desideratum, no doubt, is to give employment. to those who are able and willing to iyork. Metropolitan, relief works furnish but-a- temporary, and generally uhproductive and wasteful expe dient; which usually tends to'aggravate the evil it ikintehded to cure by attract ing people from other parts: Appeals to local:bodies:to assist in theprovisionof'as much work as. possible come with some thing like irony from a Government which has 'pershtently treated thqse bodies with the; sternest of [economy, and-which has refused - this City and district ' the paltry means.required, for example,;for, a- lorigr promised work at a Government building, and, earn Offer no [adequate 'assistance '‘to wards, meeting the urgent needs as regards roads' and water supply rnf a, most promis ing mining 'locality'. The’labor, settlement experiments in ; the colony’ have- not 'been attended' altogether' encouraging, re sults, hut; the failures have in-mariy cases been due-less .to the system itself than;to the' manner in which, it [lias been carried out. With some modifications, 1 it should be capribieiof[providing homes' for many, Hope;,and'developing them into producers to; add-to the wealth'. of the ; colony. " A notable ' example has been , .set in New South ;Waies in the engagement'of some thousands! of,, thej unemployed'’in ’.forest thinning, landi clearing.and improvement; and to the coun try. ; Oho' of the'/drawhacks at. the present time to successfuF settlement-is .the lack of capital' in /the /firet, instance,'.hnd.'if, the initial cost of preparing;'the land,- etc.-,' be overcome; there will he ' less : difficulty 'in finding .settlers.. Here, asj.in, fhe; mother colonyy there - is; ample ‘ scope 7 f or : Svork ! on the improvement, of the vast public estate of the colon//.,by/ meansrpf ‘an improved supply-find the drainage works,-ahd-by means of clearing and- fit ting; lands' for settlement and production.'’' The, bringing ‘ together of the ‘ idle [hands’ and the-'idle; lands, and the drafting of the surplus populationj of the ' 'metropolis,' into channels of: productive rural industry, are still the main ends to be aimed at'by 'the' board, now'.'striving'- .to solve .'.a " problem which . is engaging . the ,’attention - of' . thoughtful and. iphilahthfopic men'in'pear-; ly every! civilised:country;- vi'; .t.-j.-.-Ast-r ■ 1 The old saying that cricket is a game .of surprises is; exemplified by the play! in! the" first.day.in the match between the Austra lian-Eleven- and the Cambridge University team.; On paper the match; appeared',to •bo the.best;6f good things 'fof the Austra lians,- 1 who'performedtso brilliantly inlthe test match, and; also in fthe recent engage ment' with .the: M.C.C. In: these two matches the Australian bowlers dismissed the ' recognised batsmen’ of England for. comparatively few runs,/ arid it was only to' be expected .that similar [success' would await them in, the.encountef with the Uni ver3ity..„This,Jiow.ev;er,_pro\;ed.not.to be the case, and the '’Varsity captain having won the toss, sent his nien to the wickets, a position”they'maintained'until the draw-, iug of stumps,-when .the spore' stood at 397.'runs' for,.the,loss of seven -wickets- The. chief contributors"do the,total were Moon! 138, and Taylor 87 not.out.. By. this per-: formririce the!-University has. SuweedeU in’ scoring!,the; [most runs in a single inriingsi against the-. Australians. during the, pre sent tour, and Mbori'lias-the honor of hav--; ing made 'the highest ’ individual' score. 7 The absence of Truriible’from the ranks of ;thei Australians-was: evidently 'felt,: for the- splendid' average lie has obtained in* previous ■ matches/ gives the impression' that lie might liaye .been ‘successful in .the present grime. A. report , of the match ap.-/ pears [uranother,column.,j . , Officers in the fate offices in the City and-Town have been veiy busy during the last three days receiving money from those" who have put off till the' last the , payment of their fates in/time to secure the inclusion of their, names in. the .voters’ lists. At. Ballarat East the office" wris .open from 6 to-8-p;m. yesterday; and will ,be open for the same hours this evening, while in the city as well, as the town', the offices will he -'open /up' to 4 p.m., to- dajV; instead of closing, as usual, at 1 o’clock. Tho payments made so far are about up to tho average. - ' . ■ : At the Warden's Court yesterday,’the First Chance Company proceeded agriinst F. .Milliani to ,have the compensation, if any duo to him, for mining under the sur face, of his property in Main street, - de cided by assessors. Mr D. Clarke, of Phil lips and-Clarke, appeared for the company. A. G. Serjeant, manager l of the company, stated that they proposed to mine' below 400 feet from, the .surface; and 'ih liis opim' ion no damage to the surface was likely to ensue. The defendant did not appear, and the wrirden found that no damage wiiß likely to ensue, and disallowed any com-' pensntion. Mr Clarke made application for costs, as the company had made every,- effort to . meet.'the'.defendant, who would not, however, do anything. The warden allowed: .£2 2s -costs. -.Charles Douglass Bayno was the next owner,, and lie, too, failed to appear; and in this case also compensation was disallowed, and £2 2s costs' awrifded' against • him.'.' Phillip' Reif fel, the third one called, did'not appear, and in liis case also the warden found that no damage would ensue to the surface, and disallowed compensation 7 and. riwaTded costs. In.S. Flolim's case,-also, a similar order wris’made; and likewise iu the cases' of J. M’Williairis and R. ,Stevens. In the caso of Mrs .1.-Hi Smith,: however, Mr T. Robinson apperired to . object' to the form of summons, claiming that compensation to owner and occupier could not'be asses sed on one summons, arid'tbht Mrs Smith was not the owner"; of theland." Mr Johns held that he conjd riot separate.the assess ments, whereupon 'Mr Robinsori submitted tliat thedand.was mortgaged, and that the mortgagees:h’ad, not./been -notified of the', proceedings; Mr Johns sriid that Mrs' Smith.-had; admitted [the "ownership; and ho would hold her.to.it.'. Mr Robinson said that-he had,the deeds to' prove 'that she was not the owner.; The'case,then .pro-, ceeded;‘ ! ;eviderice [ beirig/. giveri ’ by, experts; -that/ 'rioI'’ 1 '’ damage^'was;, likely;;, tb occur through,the [.bonipany .miriing, /beneath :it. : Evidence! was also given, by [James Watson,- [who; stritedi.-thatr. he - had i called •[ on-Mrs ■ Smifeh-and, offered - her" lOs'-compensatiori I' ufrhich.she refused. Sh‘e.B*ifrHliatf.:'ahe'.''B ! riB[ •,the,/owneri of.ithe allotments ini iquestibn. r . For, 'Robinsori' produced 'qonveyariices:of! 'ali'the' 'land, ‘in'’ the' first' place, to jTolm' and secondly | tomortgagees,"and,neither had.,received notice-:from‘.the company; , of,tenancy Pf paiit pfioiiemf .the allot men ts'ii nth e name ofMrs j3mith/waß also’ put’ in to-prove that shewas only the ■ occupier.;/The case.; was struck ’ out With out costs,.the warden remarking that Mrs fortunate that he; didrnot award' ’• costs • 'against 1 her,' as . she' /had brought company to court’ on a’false statement..;'Cases ; against T. Levien were postponed ~.until- the 29th iust., and against A.. Swan, Albert. Brook, ,C. Talbot, Mrs Mary - Levy, • George'” Lord,- ‘ Mr3 Amelia Bennett till this morning. . A protest was raised at last night's meeting of the Ballarat Trades. Hall Coun cil, by Mr W. Hurdsfield, against the manner in which the revenue of the City Council is spent. The matter was re ferred to in connection with the amount of «£IG 9s rates paid to the council in re spect to the Trades’ Hall. Mr Hurds field said that when the last loan of the council was floated it was urged that the money raised would reduce the rate in the City,, but he did not see how this could result as there was the interest on the loan to pay. It was now proposed to put another 3d on the rates, which would bring, in ,£1750, and of this amount £lOOO would be spent on the City Oval, which was to be handed over to a syndicate to make money out of. He considered this action decidedly unfair. It was, lie thought, an extraordinary step to spend so much money ,on the City Oval, when they had such a fine ground as the Eastern Oval. - • Shareholders in the Ballarat Electric Supply Company are invited to attend at Craig’s hotel, on Wednesday evening next, nt S o’clock, ‘‘ to consider a bill of costs submitted to the directors; and to protest ugainst it being paid.” A full attendance is desired. This week concluded one of the lengthiest and most continuous sittings that the Warden's Court has held in Bal larat for many years.' Commencing on Thursday, the Ist inst., with the Denovan v. Dempsey case, the court sat all through the week on that and the case of Dempsey v. Straclian and others, and yesterday, after finishing a batch of compensation cases, brought by the Frst Chance Com pany, entered into the adjudication of a disputo at Meredith, which, however, was not concluded when the court rose. This morning anew batch of First Chance cases will be dealt with. The result of this continuous warden’s work has been to deprive! some of the outlying districts of Mr Johns’, P.M., services, while the legal gentlemen who have been engaged in tho cases'have had to decline briefs in several instances. Representations are to be made at an early date to the Attorney- General, with the object of obtaining the services of. a second police magistrate for Ballarat, so that in the' case of another, such congestion of warden’s work Mr Johns will be able to devote his whole time to that court without depriving his other districts of the services .of .a police magistrate. It is also intended; if pos sible, to have the. Warden’s; Court trans ferred to the Supreme. Court; buildings, where tho work can proceedwithout the frequent interruptions that” occur in:' the. Petty Sessions building. ■ • Fair progress is being. made vyith the work in the square opposite .the City. Hall, which; is neing;prepared;for the reception of. the Queen’s statue. /Around the foun tain the walk -,is being laid, with “ stone flags, while the kerbing is almost complet ed, and a large quantity, of filling has been deposited."' ’ ' ■■■ An .unfortunate accident; happened yes j terday, at tho EurekaMenning. Hydraulic | Sluicing Company’s V works. ,v(Whilst Mr Jennings, - ' jitir.; the 'company’s, engineer, was,supervising,the. erection ;of the; plant there,' part of,: the, machinery or timber used: in connection therewith fell upon him, fracturing one.'of bis’-legs' just;ab6ye tho ankle. One of the workmen; was on bis 1 way to, securV the services of a medical man, when, he had the good .fortune : to meet Dr Salmon, who at once■ proceeded to 'the scene of the accidenbund” attended temporarily to the sufferer. .''Subsequently Mr Menniiigs was removed to; his 'hotel, where the injury was more thoroughly, looked after.by DrSalmon. Tho rain gauge bit the' Observatory, as a result of the'"heavy ; shower 'that'''feU' , dn‘ Thursday night; showed; that 41.points,’or nearly half an inch/had been, registered: This may be. taken: solely as tjie effect of the, fall in, question, as the "gauge was taken from 9 o’clock on Thursday night to 9.45 o’clock 3'esterday-, morning. • At the meeting of the council of the Art Gallery Technical Art' School on Thurs day night, the appointment of a successor to Mr ,P. M. director.of the'schbol was made.., Between 20'and?30‘ applications. were received ~ from various parts :of Australia., and . a .subcommittee was appointed :to consider these, and the accompanying testimonials, etc. The four most eligible applicants having been selected the council' chose from these Mr George A.' Reynolds, of Adelaide. Mr Reynolds holds the artmaster’s certificate under the science and art department: of. South” Kensington, London, and has various other . certificates and prizes for, v ..painting and modelling. - His art training was . acquired' '" by means of m: six" years” ' study at tho Birmingham' ~ School’ of 1 Art, ' after which: lie was appointed as assistant master of’the Osier street branch School , Ol’iiArt ,in that city for two years, ' and master for two years more: 'Shortly after wards he was selected as assistant at the Adelaide School, of Design, where he was engaged for four’years and a half,, re lihguishing that post for his-present ap pointment as art master to the-Education Department of:South •Australia/ under which he has been for the past 'eight years engaged as . instructor to ’ the' teachers at the Training, College' and In spector of drawing in the public schools. Mr Reynolds ' has forwarded many ex amples of his work in drawings, paintings, modellings, etchings, etc., and. the council lias., evidently,, made. a..judicious-selection, oknn- arbmaster.,whose .allroiind 'qualifi cation fits'- him ' for the successful direc tion of" a.scliool Vof t'eclinfcaH'aft instriic-, tion, with special regard to. its practical applications. ; , : ; The agreement for leasing the City Oval has ant yet .been sighed, nor'can it be until tub City Council has ratified the . decision of the, finance coriimittee. in ;favbr of the tender sent in; It is'alleged ,that in this there was,an error,,inasmuch as'the syndic cate comprising the Ballarat ' Sporting' Club did not authorise an. offer of 21 per cent, on the gross takings; in addition to Die -£270 per annum. Whether this will*: affect the sighing of the agreement or not has not yet been seen. ■ ■'■' ; ' Last night a meeting of the Diocesan Missionary Guild was held at St. John’s Hall,- Soldiers Hill, when, in spite of the inclement weather, there was a .very attendance/. The Bishop of. Ballarat, Dr Thornton, presided, and delivered, an. in-. teresting address on the Missionary .lubillee, and addresses were also delivered ; by the Ven. Archdeacon Tucker and the vicar, the Rev. J. C. Carmichael. At in tervals between the addresses the follow-' mg. musical programme was rendered: Ino (instrumental) Miss Hopkins and Tir S vir ant Cattamore; violin solo, vocal solos, Mrs Carter Miss Drury; Miss Byers acted as accom panist. A collection was made on behalf ot tho mission funds. The annual examination in theory and harmony, in connection with Trinitv Col lege, London will be held to-dav at the ochool of Mines and the Convent of .llercy. The following members of the commute will l,e present:—Messrs It. -V A ovett (chairman). Chas. Eyres, W. Boils tead, J. Fraser,-E. Sage, A. B. Cray, J. Glasson, G. H. Scarse, and W. H. West (local secretary). Tho various ghost stories now being cir culated have had the effect of makin many persons, whose business takes them, out of doors after dark, literally, afraid of their own shadows, and imagination tends to people every dark corner with ghastly spectres. On Thursday night a °youn~ man, carrying on business in Humffray street north, was passing Russell square, when he was startled by seeing a weird' white object some distance ahead of him Aiming himself with a .quantity of road meml, the pedestrian opened a brisk fire upon tho supposed ghost, and was reward ct!.!))'ineemg a disgusted and' amazed white .horse gallop off down the road. . At tho Close of Monday’s sitting of the City Council councillors and officers are to bo photographed in their positions in the counci chamber. ..The view, is to be Sydney, for reproduction in one of tho. illustrated journals there. “gM jv .pleasant., .re-union—took Place in the large hall at the Wendource Asylum, a hen the officials and visitors number of oyer- 100 -assembled .to tako formal farewell of Mr Alfred Gray Who lias been transferred to the Postal Mr P s 5w Tho Cha ) r occupied by . S U , nmey ’ superintendent, who'was supported on one hand'by the guest' of/The evening, and.,on the other bj-Dr Leth bridge, medical; officer.: '; : Tbeft*ief event M th ? Presentation, on be half, of Mr Gray’s fellow-officers, of a n / S T e i ?l iV er 'teapot;-snitablyins‘dHb-' ,1?’ t“m toMj.Grayby S: r aH et tbb ri nffi 6r e , x P. re93ed Die regret ot ; alI .the officers at losing so popular a ceed as well m Ins new sphere .ak/he> bad in the one he waif Teaviiig. 2 The " company then drank the healths/ ofeMryand Mrs Gray, and. the recipient, suitably respond ed. - The toast's. of *fhe “ Visitors " and " Officers, 'and. Staff were . also . honored. Songs were rendered .by Mr A: C.Morrison and others, and a pleasant- evening was concludedjpby. an, impromptu .dance. Dur ing the Gening the-superintendent com inelided Mr Gray for the thorough man ner in which he had always.performed his duties, and. expressed , his personal regret at Closing his services. The weather yesterday was cold and wintry, with, however, a short period of sunshine. Towards evening, however, the clouds closed in, and a, rain-laden wind blew,from the north. There wore indica tions'of heavy rain in-the direction of the Gong Gong watershed. . , This afternoon the second match of the second i ound for the football premiership pennant will be played, when the South, who last Week made 1 such a fine show against Imperial will meet the Ballarat. Tho South, who are much encouraged by the game played against the Imps, are resolved, if possible, to secure their first four points to : day. . A special mail and passenger train will leave Adelaide to-morrow afternoon, carrying the mails of the R.M.S. Oceana, which is due at Adelaide to-niglit. The express will ruu on the time usually ob served by the daily special, and will leave Ballarat for Mlbourrie at 7.35 on llonday morning. No less than three road races were held yesterday. h.ndean and "Wilson's employes ran a race to Bunker’s Hill and back, the winner turning up in C. /White, .with A. Teinby second, and Jenkins, the scratch man, third. Harvey, who wus the fastest unplaced man, covered the distance in 39 minutes. The winner rode a Humber. Tho dmployes of the Davies and Franklin Cycle Company also held a race over an 18-mile course, on the Burrumbeet road, which resulted as follows: —“Bobby" Scarlett (10 inin.), 1; R. M. C. Cummings (7 inin.), 2; J. Roberts (2 min.), .3. The raco was a well-contested one. Tlie third raco was held by' the ' employes of John Snow and Cos., and resulted in a win for A. Atkinson, with J. Hickey and L. Netherway in the places. Mr R. E. Johns, P.M., yesterday grant ed a temporary license to Mr, R. Chinnery for the.football matoli at the Eastern Oval to-day.• * ', ". ' ‘ The Ballarat Trades’ Hall Council met last night i Mr F. Williams presiding/ Tho business was principally of a routine character. A letter was received from Mr J. G. Barrett, secretary of the Trades’ Hall Council, Melbourne, enclosing a copy of the. Trades Unions’ Federation scheme. Messrs T. Campbell and R’. Finn, newly appointed’ delegates-to -the council,•♦repre senting the Ballarat Bootmakers’ Union, were received and ' formally welcomed by tho president. In view of the fact that flio Eight Hours banquet will be field on Friday, tho 23rd June next, it was de cided to hold the next riiefeting. of ‘ the council on Thursday, tiie : 22nd inst. Constable Stallar'd, of liedan, who has been seriously ill for some time past, was yesterday, recovered sufficiently ; to enable liim to leave his bed for a few hours,’ arid, though still very weak; he is making fair progress towards recovery. Last night in the Mining Exchange, Pro fessor Tucker delivered the third lecture of his University' Extension, course,^', on “ English Literature of the Early Nine teenth Century." There was ,a crowded paid representative' ’audience, who-' were y .evi dently delighted with the subject: “Lamb, Southey,/De Quincyjand LaiU dor," and also with the fascinating mari ner in which the professor handled ,the topic for-the evening.) ’“An’ ; abstract ;• .of the lecture will appear in our columns iri the course of a few. days. The will of the late Mr John Whelan, of Warrenheip,' farmer) -who died on the 12th of April, 1899, has been filed for probate. Tho testator was possessed of property valued at .£13,100, which he leaves to his widow and two daughters. In regard to the case of Denovan versus Dempsey, heard lash week, and in which AMO damages was claimed for alleged tres pass,.on a residence area, and which Mr Warden Johns ' dismissed with costs,“on tho ground :: that l there : was' no’ trespass;' an appeal lias 1 been lodged; ;by .Air iGill, solicitor, for defendants. An enjoyable evening was spent last night at St. Paul’s School Hall, Ballarat East,* when an ■ attractive’ entertainment, arranged by Messrs F, and H. Cohen, was carried out. Songs were rendered by Miss Annie Evans, and Messrs W. Evans and W. White, and recitations by Miss Alice Major arid Mr H. .Cohen.; / Pianoforte dufets were given by.. Misses Ogilvy and Searle and'Ogilvy arid Bell. Misses Annie IV Auburn, S. Webb, and Mr Harrie Cohen contributed a pleasing dia logue, entitled “Mrs Malaprop Out witted,” and Misses A. Major, C. Maly on, and Messrs F. Monaghan and H. Cohen a dramatic sketch, entitled "Dreain Faces.’’ All tho items were heartily' applauded by tho largo audience. . : ; By- this evening’s express his Excellency Lord Brassey and Lady Brassey; will jour ney to . Adelaide for a-few days’: visit-to' Lord Tennyson, Governor of the sister colony. Tho vice-regal car , will- be at-, tached to the- express.. i ..... : . This evening an exceedingly interesting item will be provided by Mr F. ■ M’Gill’s’ private gymnastic class, at the people's meeting, in the Alfred Hall, Musical fancy marching, dumb-bell exercises,''arid club swinging will be given by the class.-; A clever exhibition of club swinging. by tho M'Gill brothers. . Messrs H. Josephs and C. Morris; J.’sP.,' presided at the Town Court yesterday', and fined two inebriates 5s each, in default two days’ imprisonment. ; i y Petty Sessions business ’in the J City Court yesterday was sniall. Messrs Johns, P.M., Murray and Morrison, X/sP;, pre sided, and one inebriate was fined Is, and two undefended debt cases were also dis posed of. An enjoyable lantern entertainment en titled “A Trip : Round the /World,". was given at the Pleasant ’ street Sunday School Hall last night; by the Rev. W.' J. Treloar, of the Bible Christian Church, Skipton street. There was a good atten dance. ... The Rev. S. Scholes presided. About 200 views, illustrating - various famous sights and places of interest met with in a trip round the world, . were shown; and 1 niucli admired and thoroughly appreciated. i In connection with the movement for the promulgation of Bible lessons in State schools, it : is .announced that in all Protestant churches services advocating this action, by the Government will be preached to-morrow. • ’ .. The’ matter of planting cork oaks at the water reserves was referred to at yester day s meeting of the Water Commission, b>' Mr J. Noble Wilson, who reported that • efforts had been made to obtain acorns of the species required for planting but without success. The acorns could not be procured at the local nurseries • there appeared- to bo very few, if anv, in tlio colony. Further enquiries, however were being made, and a pufnphlet was re ceived from the secretary of tlie'Forests Commission Mr Hugh Mackay, dealing with the cultivation of cork trees, and it was decided to send that gentleman a letter ot thanks for the valuable informa tion supplied by him. X ffirl named Hanna Balfour, eleven years of age, living with her parents in Nicholson street, was admitted to tho Hospital, yesterday, suffering from a severely-sprained hip joint, the result of a fall whi st playing. Hugh O’Donnell, 19 jears old, hving in Lydiard street, attend ed suffering from severe bruises to one of his thighs and groin, caused bv being jammed between a waggon and a post. He was temporarily treated, refusing to stay m tlio institution, though advised to’ do A largely- attended meeting of master \- n ‘ P, ro T l > u ce dealers was held at tlio Trades Hall yesterday. The pro- T? re . Private, relating to matters affecting the trade. It is understood that a resolution was carried for submission to meebers of the association, with a view to bringing about united action in certain matters, but further than this no infor mation,'was vouchsafed. At tho matriculation examination held Meel, m °“ fc ’ T l °-- l i oi | o "' ins P u P ils from the 'H? * . nic S Ljsutuie classes, conducted by Miss J. E. Kennedy, 8.A., were, success ful.: Mary E. Daly, Edward Sclrwemer and ; Edwin C. Wv- Kelly. Only three students were presented for examination from these classes, which have thus once more obtained a percentage of 100. 