jTew Tear's Day Services in Camden. ST. JOHN'S CAMDEN. A Watchnight service was beld m St. John's Camden on New Year's Eve and was very well attended. ^ Jackson s To Doutn was sung just as the hour of 12 was struck. On Sunday, large congregations were present at all the services in the various churches of England. Special mention might be made of the singing in St. John's at the 11 o'clock service. We have noticed how hearty and congregational the singing bas been on many occasions lately. The choir evidently take an interest in their work and their efforts are certainly appreciated by the public. ST. PAUL'S, COBBITTY. Thanks to the courtesy of Mr. Fothering ham (of the FreBh Food and Ice Co, head office) in giving leave of absence to Mr. A. Burness on Saturday afternoon, the quar tette party, Messrs. Burness and W. T. Colyer, the Misses Wellesley and Sussmilch with Mr. Dunlingson, of Waverley, organist, were able to reach Cobbitty on Saturday evening and to take part in the service on Sunday. The Rev. J. H. Allnutt, the rector, conducted the services at this, one of the oldest parish churches in the Camden district. At the morning prayer, before the Sentences, the quartette party sang the carol, 'The First Noel,' after the third collect Miss Sussmilch sang ' Oh ! rest in the Lord,' from Elijah. At the offertory Mr. Colyer sang ' Lord God of Abraham,' also from Elijah, followed by the quartette ' Cast thy burden, etc.' At the evening service after prayer the following selections were rendered : — ft He was despised,' Miss Sussmilch ; ' if with all your hearts,' Mr. A. Burness ; 'The people that walk in darkness,' Mr. Colyer ; ' Thou did'st not leave, etc.,' Miss Wellesley, and the trio 'Lift up thine eyes,' by the Misses Wellesley, Sussmilch and Mr. A. Burness. The services were most heartily enjoyed by all. WESLEYAN CHURCH. A watchnight service was conducted in. the church Camden on Saturday night, com mencing at 11 o'clock. The Rev.' R. i Caldwell was the preacher, he took for his i text Numbers 10th and 29th verse. The i attendance was fair and the seryice closed a i few minutes after 12jo'clock. On Sunday January 1st 1899, Mr Caldwell conducted a covenant service at both Camden and Cawdor and administered the Lord's Supper in addition to the ordinary public worship, on these occasions an influence of much s olemnity rested upon the congregations, i On Sunday next the Covenant Service, and i the Lord's Supper will be celebrated at i Glenmore and Westbrook. ST PAUL'S, CAMDEN. In the above ohurch on New Year's Day, Father B. Comasky officiated at the 9 and 11 o'clock Masses, administering Holy Com munion at the first to a large number of those present, and preaching at the last a very interesting discourse to a most atten tive and reverent congregation. The evening devotions were conducted by the same gentleman, and during benediction of the most Holy Sacrament the Misses Thurn and MisB Herzog were in charge of the choir and faithfully rendered those heautful hymns ' O Salutaris' and 'TantumErgo.' The Oaks services on the same date were performed by Father Sheridan. Celebrating Mass at 11 o'clock, and giving a very practical interpretation of the text ' What soever thy hand is able to do, do it ear nestly.' The congregation was one of the largest and most reverent seen in that church for. some time. At the usual evening devotions Miss M. Kenniff presided at the organ and was ably assisted by her sister and Mrs. J. Devitt and Miss Mitohell, PENTECOSTAL LEAGUE CONVENTION. A series of special services m connection with the Pentecostal League are this week being held in the Primitive Methodist Church. The first meeting was held on Saturday night last and took the form of an open air meeting followed by a Watch Night Service. On Sunday the services were con tinued in the church at 11 and 7.30, and in the afternoon a Camp Meeting was held in Onslow Park. . Meetings on Monday and each day of the week have been held at 7 a.m., 3 and 7.30 p.m. in the church. A featured the Convention has been the open air mission service|in Argyle-street. Open air preaching is regarded by the Pentecostal League as a most valuably means to the end ?known and missed of salvation at is are being it it by the the various n the meet have been Irs. Smith, Dr. Porter, and Messrs ' Jjangston, Smith, Lewis, Lamb and Jones. The meetings have been characterised by much fervour, and the promoters of the^ con vention have seen their aims encourageinglyO realised. The Pentecostal League by whom ; these meetings have been supplied is a body / ? of christian men and women of all demonin- . y ations who believe in the definity personal ministry of the Holy Ghost, and as the name, v ^ suggests they regard the day of Pentecost as I j & true type of what christian life and service ... should be in the present day. - 