Litany of the Sacred Heart of Jesus. (By decree of the Sacred Congregation of Bites, dated April 2, 1899, the fol lowing Litany of the Heart of Jesus is approved for the entire world, and the Holy Father has attached an Indulgence of 300 days to its recitation in public or in private). Lord, have mercy on us. Christ, have mercy on us. Lord, have mercy on us. Christ, hear us. Christ graciously hear us. God, the Father of Heaven. Have mercy on us. God, the Son, Redeemer of the world. God, the Holy Ghost. Hol^ Trinity, one God. Heart of Jesus, Son of the Eternal Father. Have mercy on us. Heart of Jesus, formed by the Holy Ghost in the womb of the Virgin Mother. Heart of Jesus, substantially united to the Word of God, Heart of Jesus, of Infinite Majesty, Heart of Jesus, Sacred Temple of God, Heart of Jesus, tabernacle of the Most High, Heart of Jesus, House of God and Gate of Heaven, Heart of Jesus, burning furnace of charity. Heart of Jesus, full of goodness and love, Heart of Jesus, abyss of all virtues, Heart of Jesus, most worthy of all praise, Heart of Jesus, king and centre of all hearts, Heart of Jesus, in Whom are all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge, Heart of Jesus, in Whom dwells the full ness of divinity, Heart of Jesus, in Whom the Father was well pleased, Heart of Jesus, of Whose fullness we have all received, Heart of Jesus, desire of the everlasting' hills, Heart of Jesus, natient and most merci ful, Heart of Jesus, enriching all who invoke Thee, Heart of Jesus, fountain of life and holiness, Heart of Jesus, propitiation of our sins, Heart of Jesus, loaded down with oppro brium, Heart of Jesus, bruised for our offences, Heart of Jesus, obedient unto death, Heart of Jesus, pierced with a lance, Heart of Jesus, source of all consolation, Heart of Jesus, our life and resurrection, Heart of Jesus, our peace and reconcilia tion, Heart of Jesus, victim for sin, Heart of Jesus, salvation of those who trust in Thee, Heart of Jesus, hope of those who die in Thee, Heart of Jesus, delight of all the saints, Lamb of God. who takest away the sins of the world, spare us, 0 Lord. Lamb of God, who takest away the sins of the world, graciously hear us, O Lord. Lamb of God. who takest away the sins of the world, have mercy on us. V. Jesus meek and humble of heart, E. Make our hearts like unto Thine. Let TJs Prat. almighty and eternal God, look upon the Heart of Thy dearly beloved Son, and upon the praise and satisfac tion He offers Thee in the name of sinners and for those who seek Thy mercy; be Thou appeased and grant us pardon in the name of the same Jesus Christ. Thy Son, who liveth and reigneth with Thee, in the unity of the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen. The Pabnell Statue.—A meeting, convened by the Lord Mayor in com pliance with' a requisition, was held in the Mansion House, Dublin, for the pur pose of furthering"a movement for the erection in Dublin of a statue of the late Mr. Parnell. Much opposition was given by representatives of the Wolfe Tone Memorial Association, who con sidered that the success of their enter Erise would be seriously interfered with y the new movement, and who there fore suggested that the Parnell statue project should be postponed till after the Wolfe Tone monument had been completed. The Lord Mayor moved re solutions approving of the Parnell statue project, appointing an Executive Com mittee to carry it out, and expressing confidence that this movement would not obscure the claims of the men of '98 to be honored by the land for the freedom of which they fought and died. After a stormy and exciting discussion, the resolutions of the Lord Mayor, which were seconded by the Mayor of Water ford, were carried by a large majority. We have pleasure in drawing atten tion to the well known establishment of P.. T. Wallmann & Sons, undertakers and embalmers, Pulteney-street. This firm have been consistent supporters of our institutions for many years, and are de serving of support. Courtesy and cheap ness are among the many good qualities they possess. Mr. Charles Santley, the eminent baritone, has received from the Pope the rare distinction of being made Knight Commander of the Order of St. Gregory the Great, in recognition of his many services towards the Church both in Cardinal Manning's lifetime and since. This is a very coveted honor, and not more than half a dozen other gentlemen in England possess it. His Holiness the Pope has sent 20,000 francs to Monsignor Kaveggio as a do nation to the fund for establishing Catholic schools in the Soudan. 