THE CENTRAL WEST. YACAMUNDA. (By Our Special Commissioner.) Leaving Avon Downs we take a northerly course for forty miles, and arrive at Yaca- munda cattle station, 125 miles from Cler- mont. Sixteen miles from Avon Downs the Suttor River is crossed. The country be- tween this point and Avon Downs Station shows unmistakeable evidence of flood by the debris lodged in the trees several feet from the ground. Brigalow is the principal timber met with, which grows in great pro- fusion in places. Gidya is occasionally seen, and also the many varieties of timber of minor growth, which alternate in the forest country throughout Queensland. After travelling twenty miles, during which we have the escort of Mr. Condren, of Avon Downs, and Mr. Tick Inspector Wood, we reach a hut situated on the bank of Black Creek. Here we find a cattle mus- terer's camp. Representatives of the ad- joining stations meet here, and a general muster of the stock takes place. As there are seldom any boundary fences defining the limits of these cattle runs, the stock is frequently, as would be expected, inter- mixed. Nowadays, however, in localities such as this, cattle 'duffing ' is unknown. When the herds are gathered, each station secures its own and drives it away to the bullock enclosures, pending its being for warded to market. We meet here Messrs. Daly Brothers, of Mount Douglas, and Mr. W. Earl, junr., of Yacamunda, with Mr. Condren, of Avon Dawns. There are several aborigines, who apparently do good work in the saddle. One little fellow appeared to be very astute as to the methods employed in herding angry and obstinate beasts. These stations are within the tick quaran- tine, hence the presence of Inspector Wood. That gentleman examines the herd care- fully. In some cases a beast is thrown down, and a minute inspection ensues. We camp for the night, and the usual conversation inseparable from a cattle mus- ter is indulged in. Some of the party turn their attention to damper making, and a very fair sample of the 'staff of life' is the result. The night is beautiful. Myriads of stars spangle the heavens in their glad some scintillations. The moon in its 'full orbed glory,' as if envious of the starry illuminations, rises, sending its flood of mel- low light through the trees, which in turn display long ghost- like shadows across the plain skirting the forest. My companions, with only a blanket for a mattress, are soon asleep. Tired and weary after a hard day's ride they are enjoying perfect rest. Weariness can snore upon the flint when rusty sloth Finds the down pillow hard. Resuming our journey the following morning, we travel a mile or two and a change occurs in the character of the coun- try. Sandy ridges, with ironbark and bau- hinia trees at frequent intervals now be- come manifest. The road takes us along the telegraph line a greater part of the distance, and our experience in dodging stumps, which are in most cases secreted by the tall grass, is anything but pleasant. Six miles from our camp of the previous night, or twenty-two miles from Avon Downs, we cross the boundary between Avon Downs and Yacamunda. The soil, away from the water-courses, is of a sandy character. In the vicinity of the streams, alluvial deposits of black and chocolate soil are noticeable. The country (as far as the homestead) may be classed as very good cattle country. From its geographical posi tion it offers no inducement for closer set tlement. To the low-lying portions the flood waters find their way, while the higher portions, owing to the peculiarity of the geological formation, forbids the pre sence of subterranean water such as is found nearer Clermont. Yacamunda, the property of Messrs. Earl Brothers, contains 900 square miles of very good cattle country, well watered by the Suttor River, and Rosetta, Black, and Police creeks. The present season being favour able, grass is everywhere in abundance. Spear grass is the principal, with a blending of the ordinary indigenous grasses. The locality is timbered with bloodwood, More ton Bay ash, box, and ironbark. In places we find find gidya, brigalow, and sandalwood. I meet Mr. William Earl at the home stead, and am warmly welcomed. There are two homesteads, both old-fashioned structures, reminiscent of the early pio- neering days. There is an air of comfort surrounding these homesteads. Messrs. Thomas and William Earl have both fairly large families, which have been brought up on the station. The presence of so many young people imparts a social aspect not often met with in the Australian bush. Music is the favourite indoor pastime. The sweet strains of the pianoforte and the dulcet notes of the youthful singers are evi- dence that the finer influences of civilisa- tion finds their way to the isolation of the bush. Mr. William Earl is an enthusiastic gar- dener. His efforts in that respect are seen in the fine growth of orange, lemon, man darin, and lime trees, which abound on the bank of Rosetta Creek. With the aid of irrigation obtained from the creek, Mr. Earl has succeeded in producing almost every kind of vegetable. The Messrs. Earl were among the earliest pioneers of this part of Queensland. Mr. Thomas Earl came out to Victoria from the old country in the year 1861. He immedi- ately set out for Queensland, and landed at Bowen. Proceeding westward from that port, he selected a tract of country about a hundred miles out and formed a station, which he named Eton Valley. Cattle were brought over from the New England dis- trict of New South Wales. Some of these cattle were taken over to the Gulf and a station established there. Mr. Earl gives some exciting details concerning the hosti- lity of the natives. Their curiosity regard- ing firearms was amusing. Those who be- came partially reconciled to the presence of the whites would come and look into the barrel of a revolver, and murmur something as to the killing power of such an inoffen- sive looking weapon. The country forming Yacamunda was ac- quired by Messrs. Parkes and Murray in the year 1864. Sheep were the first stock, but the great quantity of grass seed in the locality precluded the pursuance of the wool industry. Cattle were therefore sub- stituted a year or two after, and the pro- perty has been utilised as a cattle run ever since. In 1866 the holding and stock were purchased by Messrs. Earl Brothers, who have held it ever since. The name Yaca- munda is derived from the aboriginal words 'Yacka,' to work, and 'munda,' food or tucker. The yearly output of cattle at the pre sent time is about 2500 fats. The country, however, is capable of carrying consider ably more since the many improvements have been effected. Three large bullock paddocks have been enclosed with superior barbed wire fencing, which enables the management to more effectually deal with the herds. Mr. Thomas Earl, who arrived in the colonies a year or two prior to his brother, Mr. W. Earl, could certainly lay claim to be an authority on the Queensland cattle industry. It is just upon forty years since his experience commenced, and during that period the vicissitudes of the cattle breeder have been many. 'Yes,' said Mr. Earl, I can assure you there have been many changes since I set foot in this part of the country, in so far as this branch of indus- try is concerned. I have known cattle runs to be sold for £8 per head all round, and on the other hand I have known the de- pression so great that you could not give the cattle away. In later years meat works have been a channel through which we could find a market. Only for these the cattlemen would have had to abandon the business altogether. What with tick quar- antine and general disease in the cattle, those engaged in the industry have had one long and continuous struggle." "How ever,' continued Mr. Earl, 'we can per- ceive a silver lining to the dark cloud which has so long hovered over us. Cattle have increased in value during the past year beyond our anticipations, and al- though the redwater scourge threatens us with its presence, we have hope for the future.' The Yacamunda herd consists principally of the Hereford breed of cattle. The Here- fords appear to do well, in fact, better than any other breed. They are adapted for the climate. During dry seasons, when the waterholes are few and far between, the stock oftentimes have to travel far for water. It is then that the Hereford shows its hardihood in comparison to the other breeds. The holding is well improved. The stock yards are of a most substantial character, and the same remark applies to the fencing. Altogether Yacamunda, as at present, is a good cattle run. As such it must remain for many years to come. It is country different from the 'desert' lands farther to the westward. But the scarcity of sub- terranean water, such as wells, the uncer- tainty of artesian water being tapped, and the sour unfriable nature of the soil must act as a bar to closer settlement. A meeting of the Executive Committee of the Central Queensland Stockowners' Association was held at the offices of the Secretary (Mr. R. R. Dawharn Tuesday aftcrnorn. There were present : — Messrs. R. S. Archer (in the chair). A. Macfarlane, and T. H. Hill. The Secretary reported that the credit balance amounted to £42. Accounts amounting to £8 7s. Sd. were passed for payment. It was decided, at the suggestion of the Chairman, that a meeting of the members of the Association be called for Thursday evening, the 11th of May. to be held at the Secretary's office, to consider the federation question from a utockowner's point of lit.-. Arrangements have been made to have Rockhampton in connection with the annual show- of the Rockhainpton Agricultur.il Society next week. Excursion tickets, avail able for the same period as ordinary tickets, will be issued to Rock hamp ton on the 9th, 10th, and 11th of May from all stations in the Centra! Division 'distant fvnm fifteen to 100 miles at single fore for the double journey. On the 6th, 7th, 8th. and ftth of May excursion tickets will be issued flora stations distant over NX) miles in the Central Division at special rates, which can be seen in our advertising columns. Live stock exhibits will be charged ordinary rates on the forward journey, but a refund of one lialf the freight will lie allowed if the sto,-fc bo returned unsold. The entries for the show will close at 0 p.m. on Saturday with the Secretary (Mr. U. R. Dawbarn). Ex hibitors in the poultry section are reminded that the entry fee is Is. Gd., and not Is. ae appears in the schedule. 