THE MERMAID AT RYE. B* FLORENCE WARDEN. [ALL RIGHTS Rbseryed.] PART I, It is a pictaresqae spot, inst aucient town o£ Rye. when the river rune full at the base of the rock on whicli it stands, and the little fishing boats, with their red-brown, ' patched sails, ewim down on the tide to the sea. Bat when the tide has run oat, and the mod-banks (ill | the river's bed in a long grey line to the now distant sea, the old town, : with its narrow, steep streets of I email, close-packed houses, crowned with the low equate tower of the | ancient clinrch, looks desolate indeed. } 1 So thought Ned Maris as, oa a ' chilly November afternoon, be made I his way slowly up into the town ! .from the station, through a drizzle of | rain which, made the rough stones elippovy, and pattered down from | the overhanging eaves of the houses. i This was his first visit to Rve, and j he seemed likely to get no enthusiastic i welcome. 1 He had asked his way to " the best inn,'' and having ! been told rather pointedly " that the i principal hotel was 4 The Bull' in the • High- street," perceived that he had j gone neav to wounding the town's susceptibilities, and that in losing its importance it had not lost its dignity. ^ Ned was at least able to thank the fates, however, that "The Bull" proved to be no resplendent modern hostelry, " re-erected with all modern improvements," but a plain and by no means extensive building' which fully carried out the promise held forth in its advertisement in the guide book. " This house has for many years enjoyed tbo reputo of being clean, sweet, and comfortable." The very first steps he made along the narrow entrance passage raised his spirits. A freshfaced countrywoman stood at the door of a room on the right; at the and of the passage he eair a cosy, old- fashioned bar; a huge grandfather's clock ticked loudly somewhere in the dim recesses of oakpanelled passages in the background. " Good-day," said he to the waitress. The very fact that there was no dingy waiter about warmed one's soul. " Can I have something to eat r A chop, anythiug/* " Yes, sir. This way, if you please, sir." She was quite peremptory in lior manner as she diverted him from hie purpose of entering the room on the right, and insisted on his going into the coffee-room on the left. Ned felt that she was too autocratic. Foi in that apartment on the right, which bore the words " Commercial Room/' and into which, therefore, as a public room, lie had every right to go, there was a big well filled bookcase, and—a golden-haired grirl. Now Ned-was an artist, and endowed, like other artists, with susceptibilities as to golden hair which made even a tinge of flaxen or auburn a joy to him. The hair he had just seen made him long to get at his palette ; he folt that he must see that girl, he must know her, ho must paint her if he had to stav in Rye six months to do it. Meanwhile ho was in the tiny coffeeroom waiting for his diuner, with nothing bettor than last week's local newspaper to amuse himself with. He wouid go and ask the goldenhaired young lady for a book. So he crossed the passage inti the commercial room. The girl, who was sitting close under the bookcase studying a volume open on her knee, looked up. Something iu her very glance showed at once that sho was adorably unused to meeting stranger's. She was not ehv or awkward, but she was surprised. if you want anything will you please ring the bell in the coffeeroom, and the waiters will come," site eaid. The words were a snub, but the grey eyes were kind. Ned retreated to the door, but said humbly— " I beg your pardon. But I came to ask if you would be kind enough to lend me a book." " I am sure Airs. Richmond will. I'll go and ask her.'' On dear, this was not what he had wanted at all : a portly landlady de eending upon him, with open ijpjspicions as to the geuuiness of his avidity for literature ! " I'ray -ion't take that trouble," said XeJ. S:;e was already at the door. But befure sue could open it, the waitress had eijtored iu search of tho traveller. ^ " lour chop is ready for you in : the coffee room, sir," she said, rather •everely. "Oh, Martha, is Mrs. Richmond in : J j'iiis gentleman wants a book."' Martha looked at him sharply. •• Mia. Richmond is out, bat I'm euro you'd 4io very welcome to a ; book, if tkero'a any thero will suit 1 you." j " 1 should Hiic some local history, j if there is such a thing—some book ! that telis about the eld places in and ! around the town, and the stories told of them." I " The stories !" echoed the goldenhairod girl, with a laugh; "you must ask Martha herself for those. Slio knows more than the books tell." "Ob, what I know is niostK- <?osvip, ana notnmg much to tell anybody," protested Martha, soften?- ing. " Tiiat is exactly what I like to b»ar—the gossip," said Ned. " What the people say about a house or a church influences one's thoughts as ono looks at it, and gives it a special. ; atmosphere. And that is everything | to us painter.-'." | •« Oh, are you an artist ?" asked the ! young lady, with great interest. | i* That is what my father was before ; his eyes grew weak. He thinks just ! as you do -of the stories : and he writes abont then? too. Ho ears lucre, is no history of this place that j an intciliirent Dorsou can read with- j out vvepnig. . to no is writing ono, and i tm helping him.'' * < vue girl—bhe copld not have been mor* than 19—glanced at Martha, as . ?f afraid she itad been too communicative to a stranger. . tint the waitre**, »rho wa» a mass of prejudices, , tisd |u«t made uphsr mtudHthat thft vreA " • cnffiraMn,''ewwyji \- ' _ inch of him,'' and unbent accordingly. " And I may make bold tp say Fve helped Mr. Ilennell. too," she said. "For I was with him nearly three hours the other day, telling him word for word, as it was told to me, the story of the murders at the Old Mermaid."* " Murders at the Old Mermaid," echoed Ned, with voluptuous enjoyment. . "Tell me too, please. I lore a good murder, especially if it's not i too ancient. How old is yours , "Why, tkoy both of them happened ; in my time. I'vo been here t nine years. The waitress, who was evidently a personage of importance in the inn, with extensive powers, was melting. She advanced to the tire, stirred the coals into a roaring blaze, and wheeled a chair round for the <rentleman. Ned took his seat with his back to the murky afternoon daylight, where he could from time to time cast a slyly admiring glauce at the demure young girl in the corner. " Well," Martha began, we don't alwaya call them murders. For to say truth, they were more than murders — they were mysteries, There's a couple of very old houses in Bye that were once an inn, called * The Mermaid.' That was long before my time. When 1 tirst cams to Rye the place had been empty and , neglected, and all to pieces for nigh on two years. Then it was done up and divided into two houses, for it was too big for anyone about here to take as it was. And one house was taken by a ehoemaker, a most respectable :nan, with a wife and family, who hare it now. The other house didn't go off for a bit. and at last they turned it into a hospital. But one night—it was about Christ- mas time, 1 remember, and the vicar preached about it. and ifc cast a <i -mn over everything—a poor man that was lying in one of the rooms with a , broken leg, shrieked out for help. Before the nurse that was iu charge could get to the room, however, the poor fellow was dead. It was found , that he had been choked by a great j piece of plaster like that they do ceiliuga with. The question was : Who had done it? There was nobody about the house except the nurse, and a woman lying in another room, who was Daralvsed, and could not leave her bed. Then again, where did the plaster come from r Thero was no ceiling to any one of the rooms : the timbers were just whitewashed, and there was no plast<yr used, so the piece found in his throat could not have fallen from the roof into his mouth while lie slept, as someono suggested. Well, it was a mystery, and there was an end of it, at least, so we thought. Then that room was not used again for a long time. But in October of the year after there was a great 6torm, and a shipwrecked crew of a fishing smack were brought into live. There being nobody in the hospital at the time, the poor fellows were put up there. You see, they were strangers, and had never heard the story. Just picture to yourself what we ail felt next day when we found that one of the men had died in the night iu exactly the same way as tho first. There were two other men sleepinc in the room, who were wakened bv bearing their comrade choking and gasping for breath. They could just sec iiim iu the darkness, so they said, struggling with a woman in black, who waved her arms about over him aud disappeared, leaving him stark dead. Never was such a sensation known in I»Ve before or since. The place was hauuted, so everyone said. It was a curious thing though, ii it was a ghost that did these murders, that a purse which tiie sailor had by h:s pillow, and which held two sovereigns, had disappeared. Of course ono of his companions may have stolen it; but then it was they who gave the information that he had this money upon him. Then tlie poor people next door were suspected, becausc the attic over the hospital was part of their premises, being used by tho shoemaker as a store-place. But'beaides that he and his family were known to be honest and as harmless as doves, thero wae no way by which any human being could force himself between the rafters. So there the matter ended, and 1 don't suppose the hou=e will ever let again/' " Well, I confess that even the excitement of trying to ferret oat the mystery would hardly tempt me to a place with such associations," said Xed, rising reluctantly from the comfortable arm chair. " But yoa can tell me where I shall be likely to find a couple of rooms, both very clean, and one very large, in which I can take up my quarters for two or three months ?'* 1 Martha shook her head. " You had best stav here sir I think," ehe eaiu. " Tiiere are no lodgings that I know of in Rye which would suit a gentleman.'' "J shall have to find some to suit me though," said. Xcd. -'1 can't afford hotels. I shall be oat sketching all day, 60 it really doesn't much matter what the accommodation is like. 1 must be off on the tramp to took lor tiiem now, oelore it is uarK. May I leave my bag here until 1 am settled : The rest, of my things I left at the station." Martha at onco gave the require*! permission ; and Ned, taking leave of her and of tho golden-haired Miss Ilennell, went forth reluctantly into the dreary streets of the old town. It was already nearly darK, and the rain was now falling heavily, rushing down the steep streets as if they had been only gutters, and splash? ing up round the unhappy stranger at- every stop. He found his search, as Martha had predicted, difficult indeed ; nobody seemed to let lodging?, at least nobody who looked clean, and who had less than six babies. Before his wanderings were over it was so dark that he could not read the names of the streets. At last, however, he saw in a window a card with the words, "Furnished lodgings, apply at No. 3." With some difficulty, for the houses were not numbered, he found No. 3. A briirhl-faced vouns , «voman, with a baMy iu her arms, opened the door, and, on learning : what he wanted, fetched the key, : and trotted over to the shut- up j bouse with great alacrity. AB be followed her Ned got a better view I D iav vsurioT oi ine nouBt?, ana was delighted by jrhat he sav Both tho sbut-up houfi6 and the one next tUu&r; each roomette two lower. storeys nr«4 sighted by a lattice 'window from end to end. i Each bad too pointed everhanging gabies, and both were roofed with tiles. The young artist's heart glowed within him ; if he had searched for a week he could not have found a dwelling more to his mind. " How is it that this splendid old place is shut up? " he asked, as his conductress turned the key in the lock. " Because there's more houses in 'em, I suppose," she answered will, a laugh, as she led the way through the narrow and bare entrauce-passago into a large room on the riyiit. " It's all ijuite clean,"' she continued. " It's me who has charge of the place,and I swept it out only two davs ago. Dfar, dear, I ou^iit t<j have brought a li'-hi! If you'ii wait here, sir, I'll fetch one." Ned did not want to see anything more before making up his mind. The great low- ceilinged room, with its long window and wide wiiidoweeat, its enormous old- fashioned hearth, in which a tiny modern grate looked oddly out of pi.-iee, were so many irrosi-tible charms to him. The scantiness of the furniture did not matter to him; ne wanted space, air, and light, and these he had in abundance. ••Stay," he said, as tbo woman was running off. " I shall take tim place, if you will get somebody to do my cooking and cleaning, atid il vou don't want the rent of Buckingham Palace." The woraau shook her head, and laughed again. " What do you say to seven shillings a week, sir r" " I should say it was not ruinous." J " And I could do for you myself, sir, if you're not too particular about the cooking.'' " I'm not. Yon shall do for mo. Will yoa please bejrin by making me a fire, and getting me a couple of candles, and lending me a kettle ? I'm a very accomplished feilow, and can make mv own tea." in less than natt an hour Ned had fetched his bag from "Tho IJuI 1 "" and the rest of his luggage from the station, and was sittiug in the hign wooden rockiug chair before the fire, already wishing that the grate were a little bigger, and that he had a companion in that big room. The picturesque and romantic always have another side—a lonesome and uncanny side. There were noises in the rafters : wooden wainscoting has a habit of creaking and cracking ; oid nouses have nooks and crannies made for the wind to whistle in. Ned listened to these noises. and to the pattering of the rain on the latticed panes, and wondered whether tho street-was always as empty and deserted as it seemed to be to-night, lie had thought he should be so cosy in the wide chimney corner, but instead he found it draughty enough to make his hair, stand on end. At last Lie got up, and for the lirst time made a tour of the premises. There were four room?, two upstairs and two on the ground iloor. His sitting room was the only one that contained a fireplace, and only two out of the four could be called furnished. There was no garden, but there was an untidy yard with a huge rain tub at the bat.; of the house. The feeling that thero was something gruesome about tho j iaco gieiv stronger upon him c.s he passed from the one to the other of the upper rooms and heard the wind howling above him. There must surely be an attic overhead, he thought, for the wind to make that noise ! And then he remem- bered that ho had seen from the street the window of a second -=torey—the one with the gable-. But where was the way up into the attic? There wae no staircase, no ladder. Ana tueu loiiowed. quickly another thought, so ugly, so unwelcome that be felt wet and cold as it passed through hi* mind. That oittmn," J ue ilermaia," where the two men had died so mysteriously, bad an attic which belonged to the adjoining house i Was this the very bouse ? He would go over to Mrs. Budge at No. 3, or, better still, he would go back to " The Bull'' and satisfy himself on this point. The next moment, however, he palled himself together, and scouted these suggestions of weakness. IIo would not have chosen, csrtainly, to take up his abode in a house with such au ugly history as that of " The Mermaid :" but if he had unwittingly done so, he was not going to show funk over it now. Ned returned lu his sitting-room, however, in a much less comfortable frame of mind than that iu which he had left it. He tried to keep up bis spirits by whistling, and to amuse himself by unpacking and arranging a few books on the shelves, with which tho walls of the big room were liberally provided. But that tock a very short time, and a long evening still remained to be got through. The rain came down more heavily; the wind was growing more boisterous. Ned sat down in hla rockiug-chair, tried to get interested in a book, and finally, being very tired, fell into a doze, during which ho was haunted by feverish, fragmentary dreams, iu all of which the actual sounds going on around him, the dropping of the ashes fromthe tire, the cracking of the wainscoting, the wind, the rain, and the gnawing of the mice played a part. The candles burned down to their sockets, and llickered out; the fire grew low and ilameless. Suddenly a burst of cold air swept through the room and awoke him. A cloud of smoke, beaten down by the draught, rushed across from the chimney to the open door, almost blinding Ned, who sprang up from the rocking chair with a cry. There before him, plainly to be eeeu through the smoke, by the dull glow of the fire, was the phantom of which he had beeu dreaming, the phantom which haunted the okl " Mermaid"—the lady iu black with the werinfr arms 1 {To be wiiiiiwxd.) The Italian who had the honor o! teaching Oorf?e III. the violin, on being sekod by Id? Rjyal pupS what progress be mi making, observed Please your M»j there are three OUSBM O! pUyere—1. tho'ec who eannot play stall; %those who play badly ; 8, tbo» who slay vdL Star Majuty is >Q6t TifineMQtiM «M0nd 