THE HEIRESS OP PARNELEI&E.; CHAPTER X A NEW INTRODUCTION, For a moment the old clockmender's eyes re rosined fastened on Mailge's face, while she stood lookinp nt him in uoaaemnt. ' Whftt is it ? Are you ill ? she said, going ' towards him. ?' Can I help you ?' His ejes behind the heavy spectacles 8°emed (.earching her heart, thfi thiu shoulders beneath ♦he old coat shivered. 'With an effort he regained ^H bis composure. ^B ' Beg pardon, MiEs,' he said, huskily, ' bt'^ ^B pardon again and again. I'm subject Co these ?? auscks. It's over now— quite over.' ?I ai» lips had assumed a grim resigned line, and ^H he turned to the clock, while Madge was still dis ^H turbed by the thought of hiit sudden seizure. ?? She went up the stairs, aud as she reached the HJ flrsl landing a sound attracted her. Turning, she ?J 8l(\v the old man covertly bury hh face in hia ?J bands, and heard a sob break from him. BJ ' If I could help him ! He's in come trouble ?f What did he mean by whispering the name ' Alice,' ?g for I'm sure he did fj Perhaps he had a dead ?B daughter, and I resemble her. I'll not go back. HJ h'o I He wants to be alone. Poor old man 1' ?S ghe went on her way, and soon, iu her hapoino^s, ?? fcrpot for the time the clock-mender's sorrow. She Wm seemed walking in au enchanted garden, and the HJ memory of the miserable bnsement, the weary ?B tours at the charity school, were like shadows to HI her now. I ?? ' Can it be true that 1 am indeed I ?' she ^B whispered. ' Not Madge Baldwin, nor Madge ?J Terry, as Mrs. Baldwin told me, but Madge Farne ?J lei-rh, and that there is a dear, good aunt ready to ?J greet me and love me, to make up for all the yeais HI of negleot ?' ?B She was standing at a window of the cottage HJ looking out over the brilliant landscape at the red ^B roud winding through the grass into the misty HJ distance. But her thoughts were elsewhere. BJ ?? There is something- a great deal more, in ?f fact— to be explained,' she continued. ' Why did BJ Mrs Baldwin tell me my father's name was M'ax- BB well Perry ? Why did She show such fear when T BJ picked up the letter with Eichard Farnelcigh's BJ signature ? Why didn't aha want me to know the ? truth?' Bl From these questions her thoughts wandered to BJ Ivan and all he had done for her. BJ ' He has brought me here to ' my own people,1 ' Bb she said, ' but the air is full of mystery still. ?? What is it, I wonder ? His coming iutp my life BJ was as wonderful as if he _ were a prinoe in a fairy BJ| tale. I wouldn't be surprised at anything now.' ^B Just then she saw him striding towards the BB house. She se°.med looking at him with new eyes. BV The joy in her heart (puzzled her. Of course BJ she liked him and was glad to see him, but the BB strange, almost painful, nervousness taking posses BB sion of heF meant something-more. She had lik»d BB sud admired him before. Now came the know BV ledge that he attracted her in a more subtle and BB powerful way. She could love this stranger ? She BB could gladly surrender her heart, and the keeping BB of her life to him. The thought almost frightened ^B Ler. - Bfl She turned from the window, and there was a BB new constraint in her manner as she greeted him. ?B Thoughts not unlike these had been Ivan's Coni BB panioui during his early walk from Mary field. {He BV ouly knew that the thought of Madge's eyes as ?? she said ' good-bye' the previous night made him ^HJ exquisitely happy— the tboaght that she was to be BB near him at Fanieleigh was a glorious f apt whxoh BB helped to make thebrijrht morning still brighter. ?? ' Are you prepared for more of my inexplicable BB actions ?' he asked, gaily, as he took her hand BB in hia. ' Are you ready to trust yourself un BB reservedly to me ?' BB Matlge laughed. HI ' Whttl now ?' she said. ' I almost expected BB to see you appearing in a Spanish cloak thrown BB across one shoulder and a mask on, from which BB two burning eyes would gleam, to say nothing BB of a stiletto or two. This garb of yours is Hfl altogether too conventional for the role you are ?H playing, ' Yes, it really is. Come now, and tell ?B -»e this : la there really auy good reason why a HH girl shouldn't meet her aunt without all this un Hfl ?aimy mystery ?'| IB ' Look here, little miss,' said Ivan quizically ; ?H *' are you managing this drama of reunion, or am flB J ? 1 8ee you want to cheat rue out of all the ?flj eclnl which \ I demund. There is, Miss Madge ^HJ Farneleigh, a very good reason why you should HH not meet your aunt in the usual way ; but if you're ^HJ goin-r to be saucy' and mutinous, just let me know.' HH ' Have it your own way,' laughed Madge. HH ' Now what do you want me to do i'' HH _ ' First, I want you to put on your hat and HH jxeket And a thick veil — more mystery, you see. HH Th m you are to come with me, and like the good HH girl in the story-book, do exactly an you are HH Madge made a wry face, her lips puol-ered. She HH looked so naive and young that Ivan felt a wish to ?H «ias her then and there. HH ' Please run along, now, and hurry,' he said, ?H checking the wild impulse; 'we haven't much HH time to spare.' HH /'It would be so much more interesting i'. it wf re HH »ight, with a watery, pallid moon streaking every ?H '}ing, and a soughing wind, abroad that would. ?B B»ve owe the creeps, utstead of « bright autuiiin ?H aioming,' Madge said; as she paused on. the thres ?H 'old before disappearing. 'Why, even I could ?H »ave improved on the scenic effect of your drama.' ?H 'What will she eay when she discovers the ?H truth ?v thought Ivan, smiling at her last words of ?? luockery. Hia expression changed as Murcia's ?? dear club, moonlight beauty rose before his mind. Hfl . 'And she,' hu murmured, ?? the traitresn, tne ?? f poster— what will she pay? My instinct was ?H 'ght ; she is false to the core.' ? ?? A few minutes later Madge appeared with flfl beT shabby jacket on, aud the required thick veil ?? ttross-her face. Bfl .'!?ow' w)»at?'8ho asked, expectantly. flfl ,. ' Conie. with me,' juaid Ivan. '.AbJc no ques flfl Jjons— only follow, and don't be surprised at aiiy ?? thing. Give tue my w*y -in this. *t i» mjr K»le. ? ^''tUmustbehflmpra^' ; , ,, ,'v ; Bfl -through the autunin wob'di*'he led 'Madge along BJ p,ath!- --e felUure would be deserted, uiitilnc-last BM -'' lvv-cover«l turrets of uu old mansion loo ued ?I ?nto vmw. , ,H, ? I !. W^at Place m this ?'»sk«fd Madge. * BJ Y ''Marytield. where my father and I live,' BJ m 8a;d' quiedy.I baTeinvitea your aunt to day, and there you will meet her for the first time. Dear Miss Abby,how her heart will warm to you IV They went in through a vide door aud up a stair i case used only by servants,- along a wide, deserted hall, until a room was readied at the farther end. It was small and bright, a blazing wood fire upon the hearth, the Windows deoked in dotted Swiss curtains, looking out on the park. ' I haye locked the door into the hall, so you'll t ? alone. Now your part is to amuse yourself here until I call you,' said Ivati, assisting her in taking off her jacket 'Here are lots of books and maga zines. It won't b« for long, and' then— but nevsr mind, I'll let events develop themselves.' He let his eyes rest tenderly upon her lovely face, as she looked at him with genuine, simple- trust. ' She is so dear to me already,'-' he thought. ' My pretty neighbor .' When I go out,'' he said, aloud, ' lock this door. I don't want you 'to be seen by any chance. Good-bye for a little while, You've been more obedient than I thought.' ' * He left her with an approving nod, aud wtei't into an adjoining room. She caught sight of a table set for luncheon, and the exqni»ite dainti ness of the silver, fine' linen and cut glass, the beauty of the masses of violet, made her eyes sparkle with admiration. Ah, how beautiful life could be with money and the artistic iustiucts which could fill it with har mony. Madge sank into a deep ohair before the fire, and gave h»rself up to a pleasant reverie. ' I am sure I'll love this aunt Abbv, as he desoribes her. I can fancy her so gentfe, with a sweet kindly humor, despite the loneliness of her life. Ob, I am w) longing to be loved by her. I will give her the unsatisfied love that has b en, iu my heart for such a long time. I am so hRppy, .so happy,' she s-tid, and flung out her arms impul sively to the silence. Deep in her heart she knew that Ivau Trent's udvout iuto her life had opened the floodgates to the wealth of love stored there. Pale with expectancy and listening to every sound in the big house, she sat with clasped hands, waiting. Meanwhile Ivan walked up and down on the terraoe, watching for Miss Abby arid Murcia. The ? moments seemed like hours, but at last the distant sound of wheels upen the gravelled path told him of their approach. - He saw Miircia 'eiining back in the victoria, the fairness of her akin accentuated by a dress of dark, blue velvet, a hat of the same color shadiug her eyes. '? So that is Muryfield !' she was saying, musingly, to Miss Abby, as the old place came into view. ' Yes, and, nest to Farueleigh, it ha* the repu tation of being one of the finest places in the South,' Miss Abby auawereJ. ?? The oirl will be quite lucky from a monetary point of view who catches Ivan Trent,' said Marcia, quickly. Her tone jarred upon Miss Abby, and a slight frown appeared on her brow. ' If he wore without a dollar iu the world, I call tho girl fortunate whom he married,' she said, with chill reproof. . , . , ' Oh. that's all veryjwell.' said Marcia, daringly, » but a little gilding doesn't harm auy body. How ever, if I should ever be mistress of Maryfisld, Id make a lot of alterations abdut the place-give it a newer tone.' 'Don't talk so, my dear,' Eaia Miss Abby, gently ' 1 really don't like to hear ray niece say such things, even in jest It doesu't seem «r all maidenly to me ' ? . ??' « i .. ??' Frumpy 1' thought Maroia to herself, lapsing into silenoe. . ' ? , Ivan Game forward and opened the camaae door, assisting them to alight, and Murom thought she h»d never seen him look so 1 » idsome in hu morning suit of grey, bin fine factf marked by au animated expression ihe had never Been upou it before. ' Welcome to Maryfield,' he said cheeringly. ' I thought you'd never get here.' ' Did it seeui so long ?' asked Maroia, removing her gloves in the hall before the leaping fire, and throwing Ivan a look over her shoulder, which she meant to be languishing ' Very— very long,' Jie answered ; but to her chagrin he looked at Miss Abby as he spoke. He led the way iuto the dining room up- stnirs, doiug the honors with a princely grace very be. coming to him. ,' I must apologise for father's absence,' he said, lightly ; but his old enemy, the gout, is visiting him again, and he always bees off from seeing any ono when that is present.' ' That's too bad 1' said Miss Abby ; ' I'll go in and see him a morneut by.and-by, if I may.' ' I'm sure he'll be delighted.' Something in Ivan's manner to her to-day chilled Marcia's intrepid heart. She could not fathom it. There was coldness in his look as it met hers— a studied, formal note in his voice. ' Mr. Treut, I don't believe the business you went to New York on was. a bit pleasant,' she said, with a pout. *' You're not like yourself to-day. Come, now, confess ; wasn't it very tiresome, areu't you awfully1 glad to get back to u -? ' Ivan looked her full in the face. ' You are quite wrong,' he said, calmly. ' The business proved successful beyoud my wildest im aginings.' ' What was it ? Have you come into added fortune ?' ? ' ' No,' said Ivan, looking ruminative and bland. ' But pethaps I have been the means of bringing fortune to another.' ' You like the role of Good Samaritan ?' ' Whet man worth the name doesn't ?''asfeed Ivan, quietly. ' It becomes doubly interesting, though, wh«n the needy one is a young, helpless and very lovely woman. Don't you think so ?'' Marcia felt a little uncomfortable. She began to think that such frankness implied a very cool attitude to her charms. She bit her lip and gave him a critical glance. ' Ob, Gooa Somiiritanistn to win gratitude from a pretty woman is only u..other name for selfish ness, I'm afraid I'm a little disappointed iu you, after al',' : ' Are you ? I'm sorry for that MUs Baldwin.' They wero at the window as Ivan spoke this name. ' Won't you be seated ?' be asked Miss Abby, ignoring the gaze of Marcia's eyes. ' Luncheon will be ready in a moment.' Marcia had srowu grayish white, and, after looking at Ivan like one dazed, shot a sharp glance at Miss Abby. Had she heard ? Yes, evidently she had even told Ivan tbe name by which her niece had formerly beeu known. ' Miss Farneleigh, will you ? sit here. Miss Baldwin' ? ' Ivan ' broke from Miss Abby. , ' You're absent minded, my dear boy. Do you know you've called Madge twice by the name ' ? ?? I know,' he said, gravely, his manner per feotly Buavo ; ' 1 always like to be correct.' * Maroia felt as if she saw a blaok cloud approach ing, threatening to overwhelm hpr sky. His words meant something vitally important— some- thing crushing. Spi-uch was impossible to her but while a cool, cteetfing eensaiipn moved under the roots of her hair and fear blanceed her face, %he managed to utter the ghost ot a suroastie laugh. ??.??. a ?' What do yc mean, Ivan —what ao you mean?' asked Miss Abby, fluttering aud looking from the girl beside her to the man who.e very quiet wa* pcrtwtous. : , . '? iBitid, my. dear Miss Abby, I.alway*. like to be correct, aud I dc». I'm very sorry to trouble you, but I mojt uow ' prpj»erl^.^ntro^ije7' the young lady beside you— Mua Murom Baldwin.' ' 