PARLIAMENT. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16. . LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Sfeiker read prayer,, and took the ohair at 3.30 p.m. TEACHERS' PROMOTIONS; Mr. Turley asked the Chiof Seoretary, — 1\. Is it a faot thntin the past certain assistant tonchors wore promoted anil yet rocoived no inorenso in total salary? 2. Do tho recent proposals for increase in tho salaries ol assistants imply that every assistant in the list enumerated by tho Miniator is to receive an inorcoso in his total salary, or will the better ment in certain cases ho nominal only ? Mr. Dickson ropliod : 1. Assistant teaohors havo always the salary to which any promo tion entitles them by tho regulation, and tho total ealary haa nevor boon less than allowed by their classification. 2. Assistant teachers whose salaries are at present in excess of the amount proper to their classification will bo paid in now rates in accordance with provi sion No. 57 of tho regulations, but no toucher will recoivo a salary Iosb than that pertaining to his classification. SALE OF BRIDGE MATERIAL. Mr. Dibley asked the Seoretary for Rail ways, — 1. Is it truo that the Government have sold the old Indooroopiliy bridge to the Chillagoo Railway Company? 2. If so, at what price ; and what are the conditions of sale ? Mr. Murray replied, — 1. The Railway Department has sola to tho Chillagoe Railway Company, eight main girders and some iron bars which were part of the material of the old Albert bridge. 2. £10 per ton, terms cash, the company to pay cost of removal. CROYDON- GEORGETOWN RAILWAY. Mr. Maxwell asked tho Secretary for Railways,— 1. What is the cost of tho per manent survey of tho Croydon-Georgetown railway ? 2. The mileage of said survey, the time taken to complete the said survey, and tho number of men employed on the said sur vey ? 3. Also tho umount of material in Croydon waiting for the construction of the said railway ? Mr. Murray replied : 1. £5,311 17s. lid. 2\. (a) Niuety-four and three-quarter miles; (4) 3 years 0 months, from November, 1895, to August, 1899; (a) one surveyor, one assistant surveyor, and avorago of six labourers. Note; During the above period 994 miles of trial survoys for alternative routes huve been carried out. 3. The follow- permanent way material is stocked at Croydon and Norraanton: Steel rails, 3,459 tons 17 cwt.; fishplates, 91tons8cwt., fish holts, 11 tons 19 cwt. 3 qrs.; dog spikes, 140 tons 5 cwt.; points and crossings, 14 sots. ORESBROOK TELEPHONES. Mr. W. Hamilton asked the Premier, — 1\. What was the cost of tho telephone line from Cresbrook to Mount Brisbane ? 2. By whom was the cost of construction of that lino paid? 3. What guarantee have the Government for this line from Mount Brisbane? Mr. Dickson replied,— 1. The telephone lino from Cressbrook to Caboonbah, 8J miles, was built in 1895, at tho time when the line from Esk to Crcssbrook was raised above flood level. The total cost was £382 17s. fid. Tho cost of tho telephone lino from Caboonbah, 6J miles, built in 1899, was £229 12s. 2. Post and Telegraph Department. 3\. The section from Cressbrook to Caboonbah was built for flood warning purposes without any guarantee being asked. The section from Cahooubah to Mount Brisbane was built under telephone regulations. A rental of £22 15s. is paid. Tho line is also used for flood warning purposes. DRUNKARDS DEALT WITH. Mr. Lesina 'asked tho Home Secretary, — 1 . What is tho averago number of drunkards dealt with in tho metropolitan polioo courts every week ? 2. What is the average number of urrests for drunkenness in Queensland, mid what proportion do thoy bear to tho total arrests from nil causes? Mr. Foxton: If the hon. member willstato the period over" which he requires tho inquiry to cxtond, I will tender the information. Ho added that if tho hon. member would spend uhout five or ten minutes in readiug the statistics of the colony ho would be able to work out the averages himself. Mr. LeS2na : What do wo pay you for? Mr. Eoxton : Not for that. CHIEF JUSTICE'S ABSENCE. Mr. Stewart asked tho Attorney- General, — Is it true that upon several occasions recently cases pending before tho Supremo Court have had to bo postponed, and litigunts thereby subjected to vexatious delays and unnecessary expense, owing to tlio press of business caused by tho ubsenca from the bench of the Chief Justice? Mr. Rutlebse replied that since tho ap pointment of tho Chief Justico as Lieutenant- Governor, ho bad taken his full sharo of his judicial work, and no inoonvenieuoo hud re sulted by reason of his appointment. Tho only case in which delay was caused on uccount of his abscnco was about three months ngo, when tho Cbiof Justice had to go to Bockhnmpton in order to preside at tho crimiunl sittings of tho Supreme Court there in piuco of Mr. Justice Power, who was ro- S uired to attend at tho Full Court owing to ic present highly inconvonient provisions of the Supreme Court Aot. SPECIAL TRAIN FOR ABSENT MEMBER. Mr. M 'Donald asked the Minister for Railways without notice, — Is it true that a special train wus sent to convey the hon. member for Nundah, Mr. Bridges, from his residence at Nundah last night. (Hoar, hear.) Mr. Mubbay : I have no intimation of tho fact at all. This is the first I have heard of it. I never heard of such a thing before. You had better give notice of motion. Mr..FoxTON: Give notice. Mr. M'Donald': Very well, I will give notice. Mr. Bridges made a remark to Mr. Forfest. Mr. Fobbest: Tho hon.' membor for Nundah says yes. (Loud luughter.) Mr. M'Donald : Oh, if ho says yes, there is no need to give Dotico of it. MAJORITY OF ONE. Mr. Kidston asked tho Premier without notice, — Does tho Premier hopo to bo able to carry ou with a doubtful mujority of one ? (Hear, henr.) Mr. Diokson : The hon. member must know that it is contrary to all parliamentary pro cedure to ask a question which involves an expression of opiuioii. (Laughter.) LUNATICS IN QUEENSLAND. Mr. Lesina moved, — " That there bo laid on the tablo of the House a return show ing : 1. Tho number of lunatics confined in the Queensland lunatic asylums last year. 2. Tin; number who liavo been sent there through persistent inebriety. 3. The cost par diem of supporting tliom." Tho motion wus agreed to. WORKMENS COMPENSATION BILL. Tho debnto on Mr. Fisher's motion for tho wccowl reading of tho Workmons Compensa tion Bill was resumed. Mr. Cowley said that the olauso ho wished to inoludn in tho bill was embodied in tho imperial statute. When tho bill went 'Info cinnmitteo ho would certainly introdueo a motion that tho olauso he had previously moved bo inserted in tho bill. Mr. Tubley suiil tlmt so far as thoy could .tee or could prove the contracting out clause in the imperial statute had not been takon advantage of to any groat extent. Under this Act the seafaring men wore not protcotcd. Why shonld not a man who was casually in the employ of another man receive compensation ? Ho maintained that if a man was in the employ of anothori man, and while carrying' out his duties met with an accident, lie should bo con sidered on the anmo footing as. the. man who: lia'd: been employed for about 15v years. He believed in employees being insured against accident. The one great objection to tho bill was that they had not hud enough experienoe, and they did not know how it would work. It was always tho ono argu ment raised whenever a bill was introduced by members of thut aide of the House which tended to have a progressive nature. They wore always mot with the cry, " We havo not had enough oxporienco," and thoy were asked to bring evidoneo for ward to show how tho bill would work. Ho did not beliovo for a moment that tho passing of tho measure would injure tho friendly societies in the slightest degree. If the Government had any respect for porsons enguged in dungcroiiB occupations, they would have introduced the bill tlionisolves. Mr. T. B. Cribb wus opon to oonviotion regarding the question, and thought it was desirable to make provision' against accident, but he was not prepared to admit that tho colony was ready for such a' drastic chunge an that proposed. Why should not the proposal inolude insurauco against sickness as well as against injury ? A man was moro liable to sickness than to injury. It was proposed that tho employee should be insured for eight hours. Why shoiild it not be compulsory that a man bo insured for the rest of tho 24 hours while ho was not working? He would not vote for the second reading. Mr. Ciiataway said when tho bill got in com mittee he would endeavour to amend it: The bill was introduced in the interests of ono class of people. If it was desirable for one class it was desirable for another, and he failed to see why the distinction should be drawn. He hadnooppnsition to the bill, but in committee he would endeavour to exteud its scope, so us to make it a useful measure.' Mr. Fisiier, in reply, thanked members for the kindly way thoy had dealt with the bill. He said that Mr. Chamberlain had desired that the provisions of the bill should bo restricted to particular classes, and hud expressed the opinion that if the provisions wero oxtHiided tho bill would be killed. Tho second reading wus carried on- the voices. Mr. Murray called " Divide." Mr. Glassey : No ; tbero is no division. The committal of tho bill was made an order of tho day for December 3. OLD-AGE PENSIONS. The debate was resumed on Mr. Jackson's motion rolatfte to old-ugo pensions. Mr. Ciiataway said it was perfectly impos- sib'o for tho Government to introdueo legis lation dealing with old-age pousions during tho present session. Therefore tho second clause of the bill instructing the Government waB fireworks. Ho thought many of the pour deserved relief, whether aged or somewhat younger. The bill in this re spect was too circumscribed. Then there were mnny persons who required relief just as - much as the "deserving" poor. He would voto against tho resolution in its entirety, because it could not be carried into effect. Mr. Newell had known instances of per sons who wore not aged who had met with accidents and had to go to Dunwich. He did not see why these should not he included in the provisions of tho bill as well as the aged poor. He moved as an amendment the fol lowing addition, — "Provided that neverthe less precedent to such legislation all available information as to tho scliomos most suitablo for tho.ciroumstances of this colony shall bo obtained by a select committee appointed for the purpose." Mr. Jaokson said he regarded the amend ment similar to the previous umendment that had been rejected by the House. Ho con sidered it to bo an attempt to promote a stone wall against the bill. Mr. Dalryhple said that if it had not been for the unjustifiable aotion of the Opposition, a division would have been taken. The House then dividod as follows : — Ayes, 2G. — Messrs. Diokson, Rutledge, Ciiataway, Dalrymple, Foxton, Philp, Mur ray. J. 0. Cribb. Armstrong. Grimes. Cailan. J. Hamilton, Newell, Haiiran, O'Connell, Stodart, Lord, Story, T. B. Cribb, Bridges, Stephenson, Bartholomew, Annear, Smith, Finney, Cowley. , : Noes, 25. — Messrs. Dawson, Stephens, Curtis. Glassey, Higgs, M'Donald, Kidston, Stewart. W. Hamilton, Lesinn, Ryland, Fisher, Browne, Turley,Dunsford, Kerr, Max well, Jaokson, Dibley, Groom, M'Donncll, Jcnkinson, Hardaere, Boles, Fitzgerald. Tho umendment was thus carried. Tho umonded motion was than put, and voices ayes and noes token Mr. M'Donald roso to speak. Tho Speak eb called him to order, and said that wheu the question had been put und tho voices ayes and uoes bad been taken, there could bo no statements inado. Mr. M'Donald : I rise to speak to the point of order. The Premier: Order, order. Mr. M'Donald : I can rise to speak to n ?oint of order without the Premier's spenking. will not bo called to ardor by liiui. I will move that the Speaker's ruling be disagreed with. Ministerial members: Chair, chair. Mr. M'Donald : Shut up. "Whom aro you speaking to ? Ministerial members : Chair, ohair. Mr. M'Donald : I rise to spouk Ministerial members : Chair, ohair. A division was taken on the amended motion, which was negatived, as follows:— Ayes, 2U.— Messrs. Dawson, (Glassoy, Jenkinson, Ryland, W. Hamilton, Kidston, Lesina, Stewart, M'Doiiald, M'Donnell, Dunsford, Dibley, Turloy, Fitzgerald, Groom, Curtis, Boles, Stephens, Leahy, Maxwell, Brown, Jackson, Hardaoro, Kerr, Higgs, Fisher. Noes, 29. — Messrs. Diokson, Murray, Rutledge, Foxton, Dalrymple, Ohataway, Philp, Stephenson, Bridges, Moore. ' J. Hamilton, Onllun, J. 0. Cribb, Grimes, Lord, O'Connell, Story, Stodart, Newell, Bartholo mew, Tooth, Forsyth, T. B. Cribb, Annear, Smith, Cowley, Armstrong, Finnoy, Hauruu. KANAKAS. Mr. Lesina moved, — " That there be laid on the table of the Houso u return showing : 1\. The number of kanakas in the colony of Queensland on Juno 1, 1899. 2. How many oharges of murder, rape, indoesnt assault, and common assault have heou laid against kanakas from the date of the reopen ing of tho black labour traffic in Queensland up to July 1, 1899." Tho mover Baid that the return would throw some light on the morals of tho aliens. Mr. Dalrymple laughed. Mr. Lesina: Thn lion, gentleman laughs when I speak of morals. Lot me say- that he has several houses in Maokuy which are oocupied by kanakas and Jitpttnoge.- Mr. Dalbyktle: That is an absolute un truth. Mr. Lesina : And he talks about morals. I say that present time ha takes rents thnt are derived from immorality, Mr. Dalrymple : It is un absolute lie. Mr. Diokson: It is a most disgraooful statement. The Speaker: Order, order. Mr. Murray : You are n fit ohnraoter to talk about morals. Tho Speaker enlled both Mr. Dalrymple and Mr. Lesina to order for using unparlia mentary expressions. Mr. Lesina withdraw the remark. Mr. Mumiay: You are a flno oharaoter to speak of morals. Mr. Lesina stated in extenuation of his offence that Mr. Dalrymplo had laughed when ho spoko of morals. Some furthor personalities were exchanged between several lnomhers, Mr. . Lesina re ferring to Mr. J. Hamilton ub tho parlia- mentury lodgor, Mr. Lesina supported his motion at some length, dwelling on tho dangers to women and i ohildron by the exiBtenoo of an alien popula- tion. Mr. M'Donald supported the motion, und referred to undiscovered oriinos supposed to have been tho outcome of a kanaka seerot organisation. At one minute to 6 Mr. Dalbyiifle said ho was sorry to see that thero were .places in tho world where men were moan onougli to hurl contemptible, vile, and calumnious epithets at members, and then got members on their own side to speak, in order to pre vent a reply from the member attacked. Mr. M'Donald: That is untrue. Loud ories of " Order, order." Mr. M'Donald : I say it is false. The Speaker called Mr. M'Donald to order.' Mr. M'Donald : I never had suoh an idea. The time for private members business ex-' jjired. PERSONAL EXPLANATION. Mr. BniDOES said ho wished to nrnko an explanation. A question had been asked in a joking way, and he had answered it in a joking way. It 'might be mieoonstrued to mean that a special train was sent to Nundah for him the previous evening. There was no such thing, ho went down by the ordinary train und returned by it. Mr. M'Donald : Then what you Baid was untrue. . Mr. BamoES : The hon. member does not know what I replied to. I went down by thn ordinary train and returned by it, and oamo to the Houso in a cab. ELECTIONS BILL. Mr. Hiaas said ho roso to protest against tho delay that waa taking plnoe in regard to thoEleotions Bill. There were now hut 21 sitting days to Christmas, and no prospect of the bill being brought forward, so that it would have time to pass hath Houses. He was extremely anxious that the bill should become law, and unless greater expedition wus shown" with it he thought those who believed in the principle of tho measure should unite together to prevent other bnsiness being done until it is proceeded with. Mr. Diokson : Thut is a declaration of war ; it is as well we should know it. SUPPLY. The House resumed in Committee of Supply. Item. "Police," £173,698 — Mr. Foxton explained that there was a decrease in the vote of £195. He explained some of tho amounts altered ill tho vote. Mr. Dawson said he would earnestly ask the adjournment of the item until members had received tho report from tho Police Commission. Mr. Armstrong agreed with the view taken by the loader of tho labour party and hoped that tho item would be postponed. Mr. Bridges also spoke in favour of adiournimr the item. Mr. Foxton said whenever the report came up it would take some little time to givo cffcot to tho recommendations. In the meantime- they hr. 1 the annual police report beforo them. If the reportof the Royal Commission was likely to recommend that tho polioo force should be abolished ho could understand hen. mombors asking for an adjournment of tho item. He would like very muoh to go through the wholo of the report, but if- thoy waited the finanoiai year would practically be concluded before the recommendations could he adopted. If tho House did not wantthe item to go to tho committee ho would not insist on it, but by postponing it very little would be gainod. The report of the commission must be a voluminous one, and eould not be ready muuh before Christmas. Mr. Oallan: Will not the report be ready beforC Christmas ? Mr. Foxton : I do not know when it will bo ready. Mr. M'Donald : The evidence is in' typo. Mr. Dawson said the Homo Secretary's Department ought to fix the timo when the report should be handed in. That had been dono with the Mining Commission's report, and an extension of time was asked for. He understood tho Police Commission were now drafting their report. Delaying the item would not prevent the police force from being carried on. Mr. Foxton said it was the Executive Counoil wiiich granted uu extonsion of time. The commission had asked for an extension of time to November 30, and was he understood considering the question sb to whether they should travel. Mr. Dawson : That lias been settled. Mr. Foxton ; I understand they aro recon sidering it. However, ou the off chance of getting tlio report I am willing to allow tho item to be adjourned. Mr. Armstrong said if they allowed the matter to go now, by next year the glow ing coal would become a dead one. " Ho thought thero was every reason for members to have all possible information us to the administration of the Police Dopurtmeut. Ho wus sure that if the item was postponed it would bo got through moro expeditiously than if it was attempted to be passed at the present time. Mr. G. Thorn said ho was pleased that tho Minister was willing to postpone the item. Mr. Stewart said he was sure that if they had only a little time to consider the report it would be dealt with in a most perfunctory fashion. He thought it would be bettor if members considered the report ill the recess and dealt with it next year, otherwise muoh of the work of tho commission would be lost. Mr. Foxton moved that the item be post poned, and the motion waa agreed to. Item, "Grant in aid of police superannua tion fund," £19,50U — Mr. Foxton said thero was an inorease of £1,009, due to further, retirements. He regretted that a report as to the working of tho fund had not yot boon received. Mr. Turley said tho Government were shirking their responsibility in connection with the item. This was the fourth time tho item hud come up and thoy hud been promised a report of un investigation into the fund, and it was not yet ready. The publiu had no idea of what their liability in respect to the fund was. It might take £100,000 or £150,099 out of the consolidated rovonuo to meet the fund, as it had never been investigated into since it was established. . If members said thoy would not voto tho amount, thoy were met with tlio reply that it was repudiation. Seveu months ago he asked when ' the report would bp ready, and was told that it would be ready within a week, hut it wus not forthcoming. He considered tho best thing members could do was to voto against the amount until thoy got soma information as to tho state of tho fund. Mr. Foxton said all tho country was asked this year to he responsible for was £10,500 ; if that amount wero not passed thoro would be repudiation. Mr. Turley (saroastioally) : That is it. Mr. Foxton said what they did know was the liability of tho present tune. They did not know what the future liability would be. If the voto wero not passed many men would be deprived of their pensions, und the colony would certainly he committing an aot of re pudiation. The report ho took it would muko suggestions as to tile future working of the fund. It would not alter tho itom at all. Mr. Tubley said there was absolutely nothing in tho fund. The umount paid in by the men each year was swallowed up by tho retirements, and the amount asked to be voted by Parliament was un increasing sum eaoh year. Ho hoped the report would furnish some sohemo by wliioh the fund would main tain itself, and that it would not bo neoessary to come down to Parliament for an amount to supplement tho fund. Mr. M'Donald thought somo dofiuito in formation should be given as to how the fuud stood. Tho amount involved was steadily iuoreusing, and would vary Boon amount to £39,000. Mr. Foxton : It iB not likely to do that. Mr. M'Donald : Well, it will do so unless you poloaxe a -few of thoso entitlod to the pensions. "Why did not you form the whole lot into a contingent for the Transvaal ? Mr. Foxton i The time limit would pro bably come ill and provont that. (Luughter.) The item waa agreed to. Item, "Oourtsotpettysossions, "£'27,376— Mr. Foxton explained that there wns a deoreuse of £904 on tho item as compared with the preceding year. Mi'.: Curtis wished to know why the salary of the poiioormagietrate at Rockhamp- toa had been reduced from £660 to £500, and the salary of the assistant olerkfrom- £180 to'. £160. Mr. Foxton said tho present .police- magistrate at Rookhampton, Mr. Pears, had beon transferred from Ingham at an inareaso of £50. The assistant clerk liad been trans ferred from Banduberg to Rookhampton at an inorease of £10. Mr. Stewart -thought £500 was far too muoh for the police-magistrate at Rookhamp ton, in foot he was of opinion that thopresont inagistate thero was not altogether fitted to ocoupy a seat on tho henoh. Ho contended thut in some recent proseoutions for breaolies of tho Tobacoo Aot at Rookhampton, Mr. Pears had noted as an ndvnoitta for one of the parties, inBteud of confiningliimsolf to his duty as a magistrate. Mr. Pears, in adjudicat- ing on a cuso in which a Mr. Kelly wus proseouted for selling tobacco without a license, had asked why Mr. Kelly had been espeolally seleotcd for proseoution. By doing that Mr. Pears hod constituted himself counsel for the defendant; In acting in that manner Mr. Pears had shown his utter incapacity for magisterial duty. Mr. W. Hamilton :. Ho is not tho only magistrate who has dons that. Mr. Stewart said Mr. l'eara had dismissed tho case against Mr. Thomas Kelly, but had convicted two others ou tho saine charge. Mr. Groom : On the same evidence ? Mr. Stewart : Of course. Mr. W. Hamilton : What's tho good of being a magistrate if you caunot do what you like ? Mr. Stewart said the case against Mr. Kelly had been dismissed beoauso he happened to he a justice of the peace. The other two parties were convioted. \- Mr. Dunsfobd; There's one law for the " lay pee" and another for other people. Mr. Murray : What were the names of the other two? , Mr. Dawson: Was. there anyone named Murray? (Laughter.) Mr. Foxton said representations regarding the eases referred to by Mr. Stewart had been made to him, and ho had oalled for a report from Mr. Penrs. Mr. Fitzgerald said hii desired to point out in justice to Mr. Pears that a point of law had been involved in Mr. Kelly's case. Mr. Foxton said thnt was quite correct. In Kelly's case it appeared that the defendant had simply not renewed his liocnsc, while tho other two hod pleaded guilty. Tho particulars of the case against Kelly hud been referred to the Department of Justice, and it was decided that Mr. Pears's deoision whs wrong. Mr. Pears had been iuformed to that effect for his future guidance. Mr. Kidston described tbo action of Mr. Fears in Kelly's case aB a gross instance of partiality. It was not the point of law which was called in question, hut tho pro priety of Mr, Pears's aotion on the bench. Mr. Curtis said he had heard the opinion expressed that Mr. Pears had shown undue partiality in Kelly's ease, but ho believed it was generally considered that Mr. Pears on the whole disohnrged his duties in an im partial and satisfactory manner. Mr. Leahy said he had had somo experi ence of Mr. Pears as a ningistruto at Thurgn- mindali, and he knew that Mr. Pears had always been regarded as thoroughly impartial. Mr. Foxton said Mr. Pears waa" an experi enced magistrate, and had given perfeot satisfaction everywhere be had been. Mr, W. Hamilton wanted to know how far a polioe-mugistrato was to be- allowed to libel respeotablo oitizens with impunity. He referred particularly to the action of Mr. Morris, the police- magis trate of Kynuna, in oonnootion with an upplioation which lmdv been made to have the names of three gentlemen, Messrs. Kaye, Higgins, and Griffin, placed on tho commis sion of the peace. He had made inquiries lit the Chief Secretary's Department as to why those names had not been placed on the list of justices of the. peace, and had been in formed thnt the application had beon refused because of certain libellous state ments made by Mr. Morris regarding the threo gentlemen in question. Those three gentlemen wero reputable citizens who had always paid 20s.' in tho pound, which was moro than had been dono ' by somo who objected to them. He had not beard any satisfactory explanation us to why they hnd been rejected, but it was generally suspected that their political opinions had caused tho application to bo refused. Mr. Diokson . said tho insinuation that political influence had been used to keep tho namos from tho commission of the peuoe wus a most unworthy ono. Mr. Givens : Would you not take a nomination oil the rccouuneudatiou of a member of Parliament ? i Mr. Dickson : No ; most decidedly not. If all thoso recommended by members wero plaued ou the list, wo would have 5,000 or 0,000. Mr. W. Hamilton: Do not you think mcmburs of Parliament ura us much to lie relied upon us magistrates ? Mr. Boles : Do not you tako nominations from private persons ? Mr. Diokson said they did in some oases, and if it was considered that the persons recom mended wore qualified by education and status generally the nominations would be accepted. He had no recollection uf the oases referred to by Mr. Hamilton, hut if ho had given any informatiou to the hon. raombor regarding any confidential inquiries inudo us to the gentlemen nominated, he thought he (Mr. Hamilton), hod shown very execrable taste in levoaling it in tho way ho had done. Mr. W. Hamilton said ho had not told anything that hud been given to him in eonfi- denoe. He had not in auy way been taken into tho Preinior's confidence. On the con trary the letters having reference to the rejection of the names recommended by him had been withheld from him. Mr. Bell said Mr. Hamilton could not have known that tho matter was one of a con fidential communication, or tho remarks would not have been mado. He thought the notion of the Chief Secretary was wrong, und he was suro it would not be repeated. (Hoar, hear.) So far us the appointment of justices of the pcaco was concerned ho agreed that tho system needed revision. Mr. Kerr said if members recommended persons as honorary justices and those persons' abilities wore reported upon by the police- magistrate, who wus perhaps biassed against them, and tho report wus to ho treated us confidential, those persons had no opportunity of refuting tho report. Ho hud kuown persona who had lived years in a district who had been recommended, but wore not appointed, because tho police-magistrate who had only been there for a short whilo had adversely reported regarding them. If suoh was tho mode of appointing honorary justioes tho sooner tho systom wus revised tho bettor. Mr. Boles said lie honed the Home Secre tary would carry out what had been Btated. He thought it wus containptible for any Minister to say that he would not appoint a j uatico on tho recommendation of a member of the House. Mr. Foxton said tho mattor came under tho Ohief Secretary's estiirmtos. Ho raised a poiut of order. Mr. Grimes ruled that the disoussion was in order. Mr. Boles asked if recommendations wero received from private persons ? Mr. Diokson : Yes, but I make inquiries all the same. Mr. Armstrong said ho know that the pre vious leader of tho labour 'party had reoom- monded honorary justices from soveral elec torates to bo appointed. What was that done for but as a political bait? Ho agreed that a revision of tbo system was nocossury, and that tho appointments should be loft in the hands of tho Chief Justice. Ho hoped to seo some thing (lone to overcome tho ovils that had been mentioned in the disoussion. Mr. Browne said tho system very muoh needed revising. Ho had not tried to get many names on the oommission of tho peuoo, but what little oxperieueo he hud had was most unfortunate. He thought tho word of u mombcr of the Houso' should ho us good us that of tho average policeman who knookod about the district. Ho hoped to see the systom altered and improved. Mr. Dawson said the systom of tho appointments would be muoh moro satis factory if thoy wero made by tho Chiof Justice, tbo Supreme Court judges or oven tho District Court judgos, Mr. Foxton: That would moot with a groat doal of objeotion. Mr. Dawson said it should ba ascertained whether a person to be appointed was qualified for the position. While the system of re commendations was in vogue, howevor, he considered tho word of members of the Houso should be taken, and thut thoy oould bo trusted not to puok the list with inoompotcut : men. Mr. Armstrong: Provided they do not' make recommendations -outside their own constituencies. . . . . . Mr. Dawson : Decidedly so ; I have reoom- mended men, and I haye not gone outside of .my electorate. .Mr. Armstrong: The former leader of tho labour party did so. Mr, Dawson said tho justice of the peaoe list in Queensland represented only one side of the Houso. It was the work of ' the world to get anyone on tho list who was politically opposed to the present Government. Mr. Diokson : Tlmt is not correct. Mr. Leahy : That is a sign thoy havo got no sense. ' - Mr. Dawson said the jnstica of the peaoe list wis composed of gentlemen who were opposed to the labour party.- Ho considered all tho mombors of tho Houso should he placed on the list so that thoy ouuld attest eleotoral oluims. Mr. Leahy : A member of Parliament shonld not attest eleotoral claims. Mr. Dawson said many of the eleotors would not be able to get their names ou tho roll if tho olaims were not attested hy the members. The only persons who wero ob jected tp being placed on" the list wero those recommonded by the labour party. Mr. Diokson said be wished to give" tho statement a direct contradiction. The colour of any person's politics wus not considered in making appointments to the oommission of the peace. Mr. M'Donald: Why are thoy rejected ? Mr. Diokson: Thoy are rejected boouuse they are illiterate men. Members of Parlia ment used very little discrimination and nominated so large a number that if all wore appointed it would load to an inflation of tho list of justioes to a very great oxtent. - Mr. Kerr : Not .labour members. Mr. Foxton. Yos. Mr. Diokson suid somo members nominated nine or ten persons at one time. The appoint ments, however, were iniido without the slightest regard to party polities. Mr. M'Donald: I say they are not. Mr. Diokson: Government members aro dealt with as severely as members on the other side of the House. The appointments aro dealt with on wider grounds than those' of polities. The questions are asked as to whether the persons aro respectable citizens, and fit for the position. I may say that the facilities for gotting on the list hero are easier than in New South Wales or Vic toria. I wish to give an omphntio denial to the statement that appointments are pro- j udiced in any way by polities. Mr. Dawson said ho was pleased to hear tho statement of the Premier that mon would not ho excluded from the list on account of their politics. He had recommended men who were rejected, not because of being illiterate, but on account of the positions they held. Tho Premier had. refused to appoint ono person because that person wiib the seoretary of the associated unions at Charters Towers. The gentleman he referred to, Mr. Hill, lind been tho representative of the Miners' Acci dent Association for many years, and had in that capacity shown decided ability. Mr. Hill was -not made a justice of the peaoe because ho wns secretary of tho workers union. Mr. Lesina : If he hnd been secretary of tho National Association he would have been put on. Mr. Dawson said the secretary of the National Association was a justice- of the peace. Other gentlemen of , recognised ability had not been allowed to become justices of the pcaco heoauso .of the politioal opinions they lipid. Ho had nominated a Mr. Gordon, who he believed was a university man, nudan ox-station manager, as a justice of the peace for tho Woolgav district, but he was rejected because of his political opiuiona. There were numerous other cases of tho same kind.- Ho was awnro that many of them had occurred before tho present Premier hud taken the leadership of the Government, hut it was all part of tho same policy. Ho wished to ask the Premier if the names of those recommended by mouthers and found to bo men of repute and ability would bo placed on the list, and also whether nil members of the House who were not now justices of the peace would be plaocd on the list. Mr. Diokson replied that tliera would bo no revision of the list until tho end of tho pre sent year. Tho mattor would then he fully considered. Mr. M'Donald oskod if tho Govornmenl would see that scineouo was appointed a jus tice of the peace in tho Woolgar district. He did not care who it was, though bo would prefer to see Mr. Gordon appointed, because be believed thut gautleraau to be the best who could be found in that part. Mr. M'Donnell contended that a gra tuitous insult had beon offered to a great, many highly respectable men by tho refusal of tho Government to place them on the com mission of tho peace. He thought tlio class distinction shawnin tho uppointiiientof justices was to bestrougly eondomned. He believed that lie would he right in sayiug that not u single working man wus ou the commission of the pcaue in Queensland. Mr. Annear : What nonsense. There are a dozon in my electorate. Mr. M'Donnell said if that was so Mary borough was an exception to the general rule. Ho considered that there never would bo a satisfactory class of magistrates until thoy were elected by tlio people. (l-Icar, hear.) At the present time thero were a great mnny illiterate men on the commission of the peace, and men who were not qualified to sit on the benoh. In many cases the meu who were rejected were far better meu than those who wore placed on tho list. Mr. Lesina drew attention to tho fuct that considerable dissutisfnetiou had been dis played nt the wuy in whicli Mr. Chester was discharging tho duties of police-inagislrato and warden at Olerinout, and said a large section of the residents of that town desired Mr. Chester's removal. He thought tho existing system of honorary justices should be done away with and the magistrates elected by the people. Mr: Maxwell thought the complaint whioh hnd been made about there boing no justice of the-peace on tbo Woolgar was u very valid ono, and he hoped that the Government would seo that some one was appointed. Mr. Fitzoerald asked why tho salary of the polioo-ma'gistrato at Longreaoh was loss than tlmt of othors of the same class. Mr. Foxton suid tho gentleman in question was on the estimates this year for £150, and his staff had also been increased. The item was agreed to. On tho itom, "Biologioal Institute," £2.320— Mr. Foxton explained thut the amount for the Stock Institute, which had forinorly been inoluded under trust, had heou made a ohnrge on revenue. Tlio name of Biologioal Instituto had been substituted for tbut of Stock Institute. Mr. Dawson complained of tho injustice whioh hnd been done to Mr. Pound, the Gov ernment bacteriologist, hy hh having beon superseded by Dr. Hunt. The lattor it up- pearcd was to reoeiva £700 u year, whilo tho termor had only £500. Mr. Foxton udmitted that thero hod been somo quostion us. to precedence botweon Mr. Pound and Dr. Hunt, in aonsequeneo of whioh tho latter had been kept at Rookhainp- to'n. He boliovod, however, ho would be ablo to arrange matters in a way which would be satisfactory to both. Mr. Dawson contended that Mr. Found had been most unfairly treated. He (Mr. Pound) was, he believed the best man in hie particular lino in Australia, and his services to Queensland in connection with tho rabbit pest and the tiok troublo had boon of inestim able value. Mr. Foxton said the positions of Dr. Hunt and Mr. Pound were quite distinct. Tho former bad been appointed Government pathologist some two and' a half yours ago und had been in reoeipt of tho same Balary ovorBlnoe. Mr. Ohataway said arrangomonts wero now being made between tho Department of Agriculture and tbo Home Secretary's De partment with regard to a redistribution of certain work, and these would, he believed, be thoroughly satisfactory to both gentlemen concerned. Mr. M'Donnell referred to tho inadequate salaries thut were boing paid to Mr. Pound's assistants. The item- was then agreed to, after which progress was reported, leave being obtaiued to sit ugatn next day. ADJOURNMENT. Pha'Houso rose at 11 p.m. Cool, soothing—" Challenge" Tobaooo. "Gray -Ghost of Landkwarne." Seo Christmas number of the Wetk. Order early ; $rice 3d. illustratad. 