LOST IDEAS RESTORED BY CHRIST. By Rev. F. \V. MACDONALD, M.A., . President of the Wesleyan Conference. Preached in the City -road Ohapel, London. And when lie comes He flill reprove Die world of Bin, and of righteousness, and of judgment. . Sin, righteousness, judgment, are three of the greatest terms in the vocabulary of men. And they stand for tremendous spiritual realities by which our state is conditioned and our destiny determined. .The words that stand for these realities are to be found in all languages, and in some languages' (arid particularly in the language of 'the New Testament) the terms are characterised by. intellectual precision and beauty, yet they have come to stand for lost ideas. The terms were there, but the meaning had faded out of them. ' They had been lowered and be littled; they had suffered deterioration generation after generation; they had re ceived into themselves foreign and alien significations by which their meaning had been still more obscured and perverted, and though they were still in the speech they failed to convey to the understanding nnd to the conscience of mpn the tremend ous realities for which they stood. And nothing. could have arrested. the decline of these terms; nothing could have prevented their gravitating, iuto the region of dead speech, speech from which true vitality lias gone, nothing could have prevented ..that consummated deterioration but the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ and the mission of the Holy Ghost. It was hy Christ that sin was reproved and right eousness revealed and judgment assured; and it is by the Holy Ghost that sin, righteousness, and judgment are con tinually revealed, attested, and brought dioine to the hearts aud consciences of men. ' CONVICTION OF SIN. 1 As I have' said, the ; terms stand for tremendous realities, 'He shall convince the world ;of sin.' Now the .?world as such knows 'nothing of sin; and yet it is the root of all from .-which' it suffers. It is the root, it is the explanation of all the numberless forms of damage and deterioration that human character suffers. Sjn ? is ? the source whence all the ills of human life and ?human society arise.- Many iteiyns are ? : needed to describe the manifestations or ire£UUs;.of -sin. The -world is well aware ? ' for ? example . of defects . of human charac ? ^ter; and it can describe .them .in detail. It \- says of man that he is unjust, or that he Ss cruel, or proud, or sensual, or covetous; ' and yet these are but minor terms ,lto specify this or the other manifestation of a dec)), central, fundamental evil of |the world, the very existence of which as a fundamental evil the world has never understood. It is very touching, ? and very pathetic to observe that ? (wliile the world had large, im mense experience of sin it had \- little or no sense of sin. That defect, (the absence of the sense of sin, has often been pointed out in respect of this and ? Ithe other brilliant development of human culture and civilisation. Its striking 'absence from the life and culture of the Greek people has often been referred to. jThe late Mr. Gladstone spoke of the absence of the sense of sin as perhaps the greatest peril of modern society. '(And I think it is not too much to say that . , apart from the person of Christ and the mission of the Holy Ghost we not only ' fcave -no guarantee niat-ihe sense of 6in , iwill be maintained; but we have every1 teason to .belicye that it would again die tout; and that while ~ men would : - be irfi jfcated and angered by this and the other )ev?l and wron$ in society,- their con ' Sciences concerning the mystic and root : tevil would as before.; show iiseif utterly inadequate to the* exigencies of -the case; . Dh, well we needed that one (Bhouia come jfco convince -tie' \world of sin, to push iside and to pierce tihrough mete surface ' ethics in which vices and follies are cata : logued and parcelled out. It was needed ' iSat one should , come who could tlirupb ~ ??' through , tlie fucface which our beet linkers' had beefttskimming and touch the ' Jdepthe belpw.' It Vas well that a teacher should ^come who could not merely \- fceprove Wd instruct concerning sins jtL ;''.- ? netail and in particular, but fearry his -' ; teaching to the central r issue* and deal '.'? With Bin,asrein and convince -man of sin. .-'??' : It is, asIhaVe -eaSd. the ftnidamenbal P^ ??-'? - wfl. You 'cannot put your finger upon, %V. ?'?;*?: ? taiy unsound Bppt in - the : f -organised - M^-:.: ^fei^cty-tifosi-yroria, - but you are figgiS'4 ''?'??' Mtapinte'*»*hut'©r^n*eqiienee:^of «jat-' ?any c6ursebf conflict for' tJre-improveme.nt of 'human affaire, whether in the tiny, sphere of parochial interests or the' vast responsibilities and duties -wf an empire; you cannot do that, but you are at once, Whether you confess- it '-or not, in' touch and in conflict with the one and only evil — which is enmity against God, man's de tachment from God. The inner and cen tral attitude of his soul to -God is -thrown away and reduced to discord, and ' has fallen, away from reality and truth and. har- mony. That, my brethren; is the one mystery. And we may tamper.. for ever .with the symptoms diseased humanity pre sents, and spend our time and break our hearts ov«e detailed, schemes :of- reforma tion; but unless there be some power that can reach the one dread terrible source and spring of all mischief we shall attain to no result. 'When. He is come He sliall convince the world of sin.' ... The mission of the Holy Ghost is the consequence and accompaniment of the mission of the Son of God. The comple tion of the work of the incarnate Son was the condition for the great mission to which He was encouraging His disciples to look. 'If 1 go not away the -Comforter will not come; it- is exj-edient for you that I go away; I will send Him unto you.' But what -was the preparation thai bur Lord made in His own person and in His work for- the office of the Spirit in re proving the world of sin? Our Lord was Himself the great reproof for sin which in the fulness of time it pleased God to send forth. He brought into the sphere of man's life the righteousness of God. He revealed the Father. He gather ed up. all the issues that lie between God and man into a central one, one determin ing everything. And it was the will of God that man should believe on Him whom He sent. If they Jbelieved on Him, if in conscience, in faith, in love, in submission^ they accepted the Son of God, that was the central act of submission to righteous ness, the acceptance of the new life and condition. But, 'He came unto His own and His own received Him not.' -There came into this world not merely, I do not say the most effective presentation of righteousness, for that is an inadequate phrase, but God c.-une to man, God put within the range of man's visjon, of man's perception; He put Himself in His incar nate Son at the door of the human heart, He presented Himseit to all that might linger and Jive in man of spiritual percep tion and vitality. And the world rejected Christ. He said that He had come to reveal the Father, and they drove the reve lation from them with indifference. He raised this one issue with man — 'Believe on Me and listen to Me. I^et My word, My spirit, My will, My gift become yours, and all the innumerable maladies and miseries of sin should then be brought un der one central and redeeming power.' But the world listened for a little while, seemed attentive and watchful, and then shook itself free from the temporary fascination of Divine goodness, and said, 'Away with Him, away with Him, crucify Him.' And so sin was revealed in its supreme and cen tral manifestation as enmity against God, whether that flow out and run on into covetousness or idolatry, or theft or adul tery, or murder or what not. The essence of sin is enmity against God, and not be lieving in the Son of God. Sin was detec ted, not in its fruits or manifestations, but in its central and animating spirit. There fore He said, 'I will send Him forth to convince the world of sin, because they be .lieve not on Me.' Oh, brethren, there is something im mensely impressive to us to learn how what we had tiiought the great commanding moral issues may be dwarfed when the true and central one is revealed. The mischief that lies deep in the life of this world has not been named and described when you say man is selfish, man is sensual, man is un just, ' man is cruel. You have not named the evil yet; you have not got to its root or touched the seat of the mischief of sin, 'because t'hey l)elieve not on Me.' And Christ is made the test and touchstone to be evermore presented by the Holy Ghost to the heart and conscience of the world; that in His presence men may learn that they have not only been sinful in this or the other detail which any man will ack nowledge, but that fhere is a root and centra] enmity against God in him, whicih the person of Jesus Christ awakens to consciousness and significance. Oh, 'let us thank God that this reproof of sin is not the final — I had almost said the vengeful — re- proof kept in re-wve by a patient ruler, and then, when all devices were exhausted, given to man to shatter him in its revela tion. Christ said, this, !tihen, you have been doing fill this time — 'Ye have seen and hated both Me and My Father.' I can conceive of a conviction of sin which had no relation to redemption, which should be retributive, ?which might bring overwhelming power to crush and 'dispose of a creature- of whom the Divine mercy had grown tired. 'But when He is come He filiall convince bhe world of sin because they believe not on Me.' And He shall do eo in such a manner that men shall mourn that unbelief, shall lose that unbe lief, and shall believe on Him whom the Father Oiafch sent. The object of con vincing the world of sin is, not to rain down on its heart and a! together shatter it, reproof of which men may chew the bitter cud; but that they may have that conviction of sin which may most open tlie way for forgiveness of sin, and diall have, for its immediate consequence, a conviction of righteousness, and of right eousness in Christ, accessible and given by God. THE IDEAL OF RIGHTEOUSNESS. He shall convince the world of righteous ness, another lost idea to be restored and brought back within the sphere of our spiritual life. You may be sure that if & true conception of sin were weakened in mankind, a true conception of righteous ness would suffer corresponding enfeeble ment. And if the true conception of sin was, broadly .speaking;' lost, the true con ception ; of righteousness was lost also. Where do you find, apart from Christ, apart from this Divine mission of the Son and of the Spirit of God, ideas and ideals, aims and motives, and powers worthy to be associated with' the word righteousness 1 Turn over the manuals of the old religions of the ..world and you will find those reli gions furnish no conception, offer no light or guidance towards righteoiiRiiess. You can wander jas long as your heart -will al: low you to' do through the pantheons of the filthy, abominable,- cruel deities, but there is no vision of righteousness in the whole sphere of the religions of paganism. Intellectual ;feff6its were utterly ineffectual to arrive at iand' then to sustain any true conception of righteousness. It is always; ;an 'unwelcome task to. -sneak disparagingly of honest intellectual- labor. What have we' better -than; the minds God has; given us? In' the range of:, our powers' what «!' there to -suggest higher and worthier thoughts of. our glorious Creator than the mind, the understanding,' the moral ;nature* that He lias; planted in man? And' yet1 the -greatest- school of speculation, ? the ?greatest school of ethical enquiry and teaching failed utterly and obviously1-**© ?preserve the -vital conception -of righteous ness or anything that 'could inspire a con ception of righteousness that- ?would^nave working power in the sphere- of man s life.' For the most part the world Jias shown no desire even for -a lofty, a pure, a consis tent plan of righteousness to lie before its vision and- to overshadow its soul. AH along righteousness, has been compromised with, morality has been taken -06: its equivalent; -and morality, when examined, is for the most part little more than pus torn and: common agreement as *to social convenience and welfare.. It is very nota ble, very significant to remember the most widely prevalent moral teaching in the his tory of this world has consisted of the un formulated ordinances of society, that men should do as their class, their cast, their set find it proper' and convenient that they should doi Upon a certain amount of propriety all civilised communi ties have insisted. But once granted a fair conformity with accepted standards of convenient and decent ? behavior, the lofty and. fatiguing search after righteousness is readily- and complacently abandoned. How did the Lord Jesus ?Christ re-invest righteousness with sanc tity, with power, with beauty? I have already reminded you that He. came to reveal God, God manifested in the flesh. The ancient Scriptures have ai; least taught that small section of tlie human race which has been brought into contact with them that righteousness was the characteristic of God. But Christ brought that characteristic of God from the sphere' of spoken or. writ ten revelation and description, and in liv ing and breathing form introduced it to the circle of human life. He was the Holy One of God. Brethren, there is a ten dency in all societies, to revert, to go back upon, and to fall into earlier and less ad mirable types of things. In our common cultivation of flower and tree and plant, we have to watch against the tendency to revert to a less differentiated and less admirable type. And so even in socie ties, professedly Christian societies, thiit have been governed bv the great ideals, the great motives, the great inspiring portions of the Gospel of' Christ, in those societies there is the subtle tendency to revert to the lower, the more pagan con ception of righteousness, and to pait with the lofty and inspiring vision which Christ has giYen us, and to take in their stead the easy-going maxims and methods of the society we happen to move in. Christ brought righteousness into this world not on- tables of stone, not in a book, but in His own person. He translated the Divine and eternal attribute into the loveliest and completcst form. 'Which of you conyinceth me of sin?' In Him was no sin; He was the altogether lovely. And j yet (here we go Dack again upon the tfkought touched already) here is the sor row of it, and the shame of it, that tSiis final . and perfect manifestation of righteousness, righteousnere in its love liest garb and most accommodated to the vision and to the touch of poor man, that righteousness the world could not endure the presence of; and drove it out of its midst. He says, 'I will send the com forter to convince the world of sin.' The root of sin in enmity against God, 'Be- cause they do not believe in Me.' Every man to whom Christ is presen'ted h is the supreme test presented to 'him. He is presen'ted to 'him that lie may believe in Christ and be reconciled to God. Not to believe in Christ is to be in deadly enmity against God. He will not only reprove the world of sin, 'Because they do not believe in Me, but of righteousness because I go to the Father.' Now see the antagonism of man to God. He whom God sent into the world, His best, Himself, tlie world crucified; 'but God raised him from the dead, He reversed the judgment of mail, He brought out the sharpest anti thesis: 'whom ye have crucified God hath, raised from +he dead and declared bv the Spirit of Holiness 'to be the son of God.' When Christ was led out of Jerusalem a malefactor, to die a shameful death with malefactors, when the cry of the brutal, wicked men sounded with insult in His ear, He was marching, as it seemed, to wards final ignominy and to supreme de feat, but He was going to the Father. These first stages of the journey were a Via Dolorosa, a Sorrowful Way. Only this righteousness which earth rejected Heaven rejoiced to receive. Of Him whom man despised, God said — 'This is my beloved Son.'' And righteousness was no longer a vague, vain attribute for scholars and ethical teachers to discuss, but righteous ness in the incarnate Son of God was uplifted and glorified. It has gone to tlie Father, and in our risen Saviour, right eousness is for ever crowned aud glorified. Yes, and He will convince the world of this. But the world is slow to con vince. The world is not yet convinced in mass, in bulk. None of its great races, tribes, and sections have handed ? in a united and formal ' acknowledgment of righteousness; but from all tlie masses of this world, which at the first view seem obdurate, untouched, invinci ble, from all these hard masses of men and communities' at enmity with God, individuals are for ever moving away, melting out of that hard and alien life, and passing into the life of righteousness through faith in our Lord Jesus Christ. Yes, 'He 6hall convince the world of righteousness,' not as it might conceiv ably have been done. I can think of an ungrateful and reBellious race being called to solemn session, and I can see the vast array of that sullen, unrepentant mass compelled, in spite of itself, to be present at a demonstration of righteous ness.' I can conceive that the incarnate Son of God. could have been .the object presented to that rebel world, cloMied in the approval of God, invested with Hie light and glory of God, and presented to the world to break. the world's heart with the knowledge that it Iiad spent its strength in vain, that it 'had said, 'We will cast 3iis cords from us, He shall not have dominion over us.' I can imagine the presentation of the glorified Son of God. to the world that. had rejected Him; and then the withdrawal of .that gift, and the world left to mourn for ever its own guilty folly. 'But when he-is come He will convince the world of right eousness.' Ah, not with that fitter after conviction 'that comes. too laifce; but with bhe conviction, out of which shall rise -tJhe righteousness for the poor sinner 'himself. 'He, shall reprove the world of righteous ness,' not by saying 'thus arid thus it might have been, it might have beenl' But there is presented the righteous One who is . the ^,Lord .oiir righteousness. . Blessed are ; all .-fhey that believe in Hjm. ? ''He shall .convince- (lie world ? of sin.' . We. mourn and loathe ourselves.: ;He shall convince, us of riffhteousness;, we . stretch' out^hands towards our Redeemer and Lord. ?-- ' ? ' ' i ?; .. . ?*'??: .': , -? THE. JUDGMENT. . . ' -. ? And there w, a: »bhird lost idea restored: :to 1ib in. ChriBt by- .the Jloly Ghost,. '.'He shall convince theNworld -of judgment.' Bui is that a lost idea?... Is it -not. one' of ..the moot familiar -conceptions, to -be] found-m j»e form or another -in every or ganised society V-True;'there'nre judgments, -and judgments;. but a^udgment that Bhall go to the root of all this,' that flhaH carry its tests 'down to- the depths afM-^p to the 'height and be for now and .fpr ever more— of such judgment, I say, the world.' knows nothing. 'The Prince of this world is judged.' But what is the meaning of that?- We have here the tremendous as surance that- the- world . which has been exercising judgment on men and things, on morals and conduct, has been giving to its judgments.-.the.imm6nse practical poAVer of customs and institutions and transmit-, ted types ' of - thought, that world. ? in the person of its representative and chiei, is itself a judged world. . And. I find, and I offer to you much food for thought in this assurance, that- the .most, powerful and august authority tliat the majority -of men know.-anything about, viz., the .world, ib judged. -Ah! what power the. world pos sesses to . mould, its children^ to prescribe1 to them their manners, their custom, their habits, their sentiments. What power the' world has to give sanction to conduct, to frown down . and to render practically in operative the beginnings of protest or r^ volt against -its opinions. Men worship' the idols that their -fathers worshipped, and they the idols their fathers ..worshipped, .and the mighty, sustaining, conservative, traditional force that the. world has at jte command keeps .these idolatries from one generation to another. The world's stand points of behavior are in force, not to be constituted, a statute, but by a more effec tive, method; and so with. regard to our business, our commerce, our recreations, the way we get arid spend our money, with regard to the kind of people we are. The world provides, and always has pro vided, effective and influential types of things. And he must have some inner life and instruction who can venture to chal lenge those forces. He must have some gift from God who can venture and suc ceed in raising life and character on any other foundation or with other ideals than the world supplies. Oh, to what evils the world has given its sanction. What an effective chapter- in morals that would be if the chapter had been not too slight for the purpose; what a view of human- morals is given by a rapid survey of the evils which the world has sanctioned and has sustained, the. license of persona] character and conduct. The employment of wealth, the use of power. Again and again there have been protests, appeals, cries as it were to the. world for mercy that it might not press so liard; but the world is very strong, its courts are always sitting, its executive is always able to* carry out aild to carry on its judgments and verdicts. And so the world rules tue greatest and the least of its children, and defies them, for u.ie most part successfully, to do no thing. And now let us hear, if may be, with some freshness of perception and thought, this powerful world, this tyran nous, all-commanding institution, this power that we 'have so oiten felt that it was impossible to disobey is itself no judge, and has no rights to constitute it a tri bunal — the prince of this world is judged. The life and death and resurrection of Jesus Christ are the judgment of the world, the flesh, and the devil. When He is come H-e shall convince the world of judg ment; He shall bring it home to men that good and evil are not the same,- and that things do matter, and that Truth, though it hath few supporters and Goodness, though it hath but few illustrations, yet Truth and Goodness have authoncyX and power and the promise of duration, and that the best-established and moat impos ing forms of evil are judged and will fall. He sliall reprove the world of judg ment. Men have sought the world's favor and have taken shelter under its permissions and sanctions. Multitudes have 'hesitated for a while whether they shall toil wich 'tSie minority who sought to fallow Christ, or walk on the more comfortable ways where t3ie' majority are moving nlong. How they will be dismnyed -when they learn that they made an evil and foolish choice, and that the world, with all its imposing aspects, with all its vast social sanction1.?, with all its stupendous organisation and sentiment, with which it seeks to crush out moral and spiritual individuality, tljai world, iiiilead of sitting upon a -lawful throne, judging with legjamate power*, was jtself judged, and with God there lies the hour and moment for mak ing that judgment manifest to heaven and to earth — the prince of this world is judged. But, brethren, there is the true Prince of fcbis world who will judge. Tlie thought o'f judgment is not amongst -the leading thoughts of popular theology. The thought of the judgment to come you can not induce mere worldly moral sentiment to find room for. It understands 'the ap proval of 'the conscience, or the ap proval of society, or Wie disapproval of tihe one or -the' other. 'But from thence He rfiall come to judge the quick and the dead.' ? Ttet is the belief tha't we hove uttered again;- though it has no place what ever in the average sentiment or expectation of mankind. He will convince the world of judg ment. Now-, I say tne world, or the mass, is not convinced, but how shall we rejoice that multitudes of the Children of the world are passing out of its dominion, dis enthralling themselves from that mighty and oppressive mastery. They are stealing away from its strongholds, they are pass ing into another sphere of life where the ruling, the inspiring, the saving, the judg ing power is that of our Lord Jesus Christ. He shall come to judge the quick and the dead. Oh, wlmf ioar man's bosom rendeth When, fioni lisnven the Judge descendeth On ulKKe sentence all dcpcndclh. He that believeth on the Son of God hath eternal life; he shall not pass into judgment; he is judged-, he is in Christ; there is therefore no condemnation to him, walking not after ' the flesh but after the spirit. We are all so convinced of right eousness in Christ bur (Saviour, and de HVfered from our sin through the redeeming might of Christ, and clothed with His righteousness, we can look in peace, with humble trust to the day when He ehall come to judge the world. In the words of the old Latin hymn — -Te me jwrdas ilia die — Lose me not in that day, grasp me, hold me. Iu THiae, O I*ord, do I f-ut my trust. Let me never oe' confounded. ? . ? ? A well- dressed, ladylikc-Jooking- woman* entered a tramcar the other day with her little boy of about 6 years of age. On the. conductor coining to. collect- the fares the lady -handed: her little son- a half-crown,, he being nearer the- door. The little felr low examined the coin carefully - and. then- gave It.^to' the. conductor.1 - Scarcely ;had the roan returned the ' change: titan . . the youngster' clapped his; hands, and; looking, at his mother, exolaimed^ ctriumphantly^r /.'Mamma, mamma,- he 'has; -taken ,-,the bad faalf«rown!' . - -h-: .?:??:'.-??.'. -.?-;??-?????:?-?.;;?;* 