PERSONAL NOTES FROM : LONDON. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, December 9.— Captain Vivian Sloauc- Stanley was last Tuesday, at St. Peter's, Eaton Square, best man to his brother Captain Ronald Sloaue-Stanley, of the 15th Lancers, on the occa sion of the latter's marriage with Miss Susan Johnstone, daughter of Mr. William Johnstone, of Lanarkshire. Captain Vivian Sloane-Slanlcy Is, I hear, to leave for aellvu service ip West Africa in a few days', much to the disappointment of Ills mother, who had arranged a large house- party In honor ot his home-coming. Another smart Auglo-Colonlal wedding on tho same day was that of Miss Lilian Maud Brassey, eldest daughter of Mr. Albert Brassey, M.P. for North Oxfordshire, and niece of Lord Brassey, to Major Richard Alexander Seott (late Queen's Bays). The wedding took place at Heythrop, the seat of the father of the bride, and among the guests were the Hon. T. A. and Lady Idlna Brassey. Is the "Chronicle" right In saying that .the appointment ot the Earl of Ilopetouu as Lord Chamberlain will be prodigiously popular In Aus tralia? It inny be, hut I may, perhaps, be per mitted to express a gentle scepticism with re gard to the veracity of tho following engaging anecdote. The writer says that Lord Hopetoun was, whilst Governor of Victoria, never at a loss for a gracious bow or conciliatory speech. On one occasion when visiting the Zoological Gardens In Melbourne, In slate, a printer's, messenger, whilst awaiting for reporter's "copy" In order to take It to tlie city office of a dally newspaper, im proved the occasion by walking up to Lord Hope toun and Introducing himself. The Governor bowed in his stateliest manner and solemnly grasped the proffered grimy hand. It Is shrewdly suspected that the appointment of Lord Hopetoun, who was only fourth favorite for the Lord Chamberlain's post, Is largely due to the representations of his friend Lord Kintore, who. as Lord-in-Waiting, and persona grata at Court, had ample opportunities to represent In tbo right quarter tho ex- Governor of Victorias pre-eminent suitability for the work. Unques tionably no living member of the House of Lords on the Conservative side could fill the role hotter. It will be remembered that when the Agents- General of tho Colonies with whioh the late Sir George Grey had been officially associated met with a view to obtaining for his remains the honor ot Interment In St. Paul's, a question arose as 'to who would defray the cost, and that. Dr. Cockburn and Mr. W. P. Reeves pledged the colonies they represented to bear a full share of the necessary disbursements, intimating that. If their Governments did not seo their way to honor ing the pledges, they would make tho amounts good out of their own pockets. Neither Govern ments nor Agents- Generals, howevqr, have been called upon to stand to the pledges, for tho rep resentatives of the great Pro-consul have, as was generally anticipated, Insisted , on bearing the en tire costs of the funeral. In spite of sundry drawbacks the Australasian Club continues to make very satisfactory pro gress with its membership. Among the latest Initiates Is Sir Charles Tupper, the Canadian High Commissioner. Sir Charles' only qualifica tion for membership Is, I believe, that ot being a director of some Australian concern or other, but It pasesd muster with tho committee, and I don't think any ot the members are likely to object to 'tho election. The feeling of the ma jority Is perhaps best expressed' In the oft heard phrase "Let 'em all come." Tho members recog- ness, I think that out of Australasia they will not be able to build up a sufficiently strong member ship to support a house of their own, and thero are many objections to tho club remaining a mere lodger at the ' Ship and Turtle. Miss Patorson, who married A. Buck Kit chener, the Sirdar's young brother, on Tuesday, Is a daughter of Mr. John Patorson, of Melbourne. Lord Kitchener played best man at tlie wedding and the cordial smack of the bridal ltlss which ho bestowed on his new Australian sister-in-law could have been heard at Khartoum. Some hitherto unpublished remintseences ot Sir Henry Parkes, are, I hear, to be found in an article by Patcliett Martin, on the "Queen and the United States," which appears In tho current issue, of. Dr. Dabbs' ececntrlo little weekly "Vectls." Ill luek' dogs the managerial footsteps of "Dot" Bouclcaul't. The new piece at the Court Theatre (Mr. Esmond's "Cupboard Love") has proved even a more complete fiasco than its predecessor. Not a single critic had a good word for It. In the presence of several members of the Chlldors family, of Lord Glqnesk, the Agent- General for Victoria (Sir A. Clarke), Sir C. Engle- heart, Dr. White Cooper, and' many members of the Colonial Institute, a tablet in memory of the late Mr. Hugh Chllders was unveiled by the Dean' of Ripon. in the Chapel Royal, Savoy, on Saturday afternoon. Dr. Fromantlo, In an. appro priate address, recalled the many good qualities of the late distinguished statesman and Anglo- colonlst. By the long-expected resignation of the Bishop ot Bangor, Dr. Kennlon becomes entitled to a seat in the House of Lords. Dr. Kennlon was consecrated Bishop of Bath and "Wells on his re turn from Adelaide In 1S94, and was the first of the two spiritual peers appointed by Lord Rose- bery, the other being the Bishop of Hereford, who will be the next to enter the Upper House. The remaining Bishops now waiting their seats In the House of Lords are the Bishops of Roches ter, Newcastle, Peterborough, St. David's, Bris tol. Wakefield, and, when appointed, Biingor. Only 24 bishops may sit In the House of Lords at one time, the others having to wait their turn and entering according to seniority ot consecra tion. The Harold Frederic magisterial inquiry has closed, as I predicted, In the discharge ot the accused. The Crown voluntarily abandoned the case against Miss Lyon, and the magistrates dis missed that against Mrs. Mills. Both ladies, of course, are incredibly foolish women, who proba bly deserve the severe scare they went through. But neither could possibly have. Influenced Harold Frederick against his will. He was concentrated essence of obstinacy. Read the evidence of ono of the male nurses whom he amiably christened "Mamelukes." Said the latter much-tried- man to tho doctor: "Mr, Frederick wanted to get up yesterday. I told him 'twas agin orders." "Why didn't you let him get up and fall on the floor? That would have shown how .weak ho was." "I did, doctor." , "Well?" "Ho said: 'I don't care a ; — . . I'm going to tho dining-room for a whisky; even If I crawl to the stair-head and slide down tho bannisters.' " For a moribund this wasn't bad," was It? The lengthy obituary notice of Miss Jane Cake- bread (the heroine of 300 convictions for drun kenness), which I sent you three months ago, was, I am concerned to say, a little premature. Though given out by . the papers as moribund, Jane did not choose to dio then. On the contrary, sho got better, and was presently vigorous enough (though bedrlddon) to be able to launch out her left leg at a doctor examining her, nnd break two of his ribs. This characteristic little display of spleen unfortuuately alienated work house sympathies, and I fear that till the vener able lady gave up the ghost on Monday last sho had anything hut a gay time. Jane knew she was dying, and looked forward to the future fear lessly. When she referred to the matter in the wards, It was usually to compare her dazzling destiny with the destinies of the attendants, whose ineffectual wriggllng3 "In torment" she breathed a neighborly prayer she might witness. To the last- Jane retained her keen sense of humor. Tho papers are - onco again full of stories of the old woman's eccentricities, but I think I exhausted the subject In my other and previous— much too previous— article. Cakebreud did not live In vain, as It was chiefly owing to her case Parliament passed the Habitual Drunkards Act, which comes Into foreo on New Year's Day. On board a P. and O. boat whioh arrived within the last month was a voluble young "Cornstalk" who having freely Imbibed the Anglophobist opinions of a journal we'll call the "Bagitall" was forever boring the smoking-room with tirades ancnt "Australia for tho Australi-aus, " and praises of tho disloyal lucubrations of a writer signing himself "Bug-ln-a-Rug" or some such pleasing nom-de-plume. He was holding forth as usual one evening, and had got to the familiar phrase "Australia for the Australians," when a dry little Anglo-Indian suddenly jumped up, strode across the smoking-room and warmly shook the astonished lad's hands. "I agree with you, my boy, I agree with you. Australia for the Australians. Yes, and especially Austra lia for such Australians as you. Don't let us de prive the colony of you. Go back at once. Stick to your principles and your Bug-ln-a-rug. Go back I say. Bury yourself in the back-bloclts. Bury yourself anywhere, and meanwhile (fero ciously) don't talk any more d ; — d nosenso on this boat. Keep It for Australia." The youth collapsed like a pricked bladder, and never re ferred to the "Bagitall" again. A variety of sympathetic paragraphs have been In circulation recently concerning that prince of old timo single-handed entertainers. Mr. Fred Maccabe. Olio enterprising scribe consigned "poor old Frod" to tho workhouse, and wept copiously (In print) over the misfortunes of "this light of other days." But Mr. Maccabe Is not 'dependent on public charity, and Is not likely to become so whilst Ills brother Major John Maecahe is In the land of the living. The workhouse paragraph, no doubt, was tho outcome of a vivid Imagination being brought to bear on tho prosaic fact that owing to the accidental fall on his head Mr. Mac- cnbe's brain suffered somewhat, and on the ad- rico of medical men tlio "Wandering Minstrel" was placed for a time In tlio Union Hospital at Ormskirk — quite a different Institution to the worknouso infirmary in which wo wore told poor old Fred was pining away. Mr. JIaccabe's progress toward recovery Is, I hear, very slow, but this is hardly to ho wondered at, sinco the sufferer has passed three scove years and ten. 