; - STAGE MANAGEMENT. ; . The Secpet of Success, f Experience of a Manager. f ''The whole secret of good stage manage hient," said David Behisco, In an interview in "Leslie's Weekly," is that there Is no seerej. The good stage manager is born — like the good actor. '-It is' in itself a special gift; and' cannot he acquired by training. The artistic produc- tion of an elaborate play calls for a combina tion of qualities on the part of the stage direc tor. He must first and last he an actor, and . a good. one. He must be master of all tilings pertaining to the mechanics of the stage, from llie lowering or raising of a Border up lo the construction of a 'set.' He must have the . artist's eye for harmony of colouring, and the " musician's ear for the harmony of tune. He must be able to tell everybody what to do, and iiow to do It. In short, he must be u veritable ; < Irlchton in the business of the boards. If I Vere asked to define- the essential quality, the secret, of good staging, I should say, "Percep tion, - knowledge of humanity, an intuitive Understanding of men and women, tact, and, more than all else, personal magnetism.' , " "The stage-manager is brought face to face with a company of players, and each company 3s a little world of humanity in Itself. Every uctor and actress needs a different method of treatment If you would secure good results. My friend. Charles Frohmun, who handles it good many hundred people in the course of n year, would uppi'eclnto precisely what I menu. '.This actor must be gently patted 011 the back and led along 'the way.' The next man must bo 'jollied,' If I may resort to. a vulgarism. Actor N10. 3 heeds llie Vere de Vere stare ami -a rigid iron discipline. Each man must be treated according to bis temperament. The, actress is not difficult to manage — whore she understands her business. When she .lias a irlovniw. or when she wants to explain tilings-— and slio generally does — or when she is, in. difficulties, 'it is a good plan to listen to iler. (live 'her the sympathetic eye, and let bev Milk, and -she will bend herself to disci pline, ' And the rule whieh applies io actors and actresses applies to everyone else em ployed .about, the stage. Let me here em phasise one point for the benefit of the young nctor who may some day talte charge of , the stage — dragooning and bullying never an swer.' The severe stuge-manager, the brutal stage-manager, Is never in t lie end a success ful stage-manager. That Is the invariable rille -within "my experience. "I spoke just now of that indefinable' quality which we. for want of a better term, call per sonal magnetism. No man lacking ibis qual ity can be either a great actor or a great stage-manager. Personal magnetism, the faculty of inlluence, of insensibly controlling others, of guiding their action, of bending them to your will by occult suaslonl' Sir Henry Irving possesses this fnculty " to an amazing degrees; so. too, did Sir. Daly. "In the question of light and colour lies the worst difficulty of the stage- director— to make his dresses, and his grouping, the scenery and his lights, harmonise. Two-thirds of the work of staging a spectacular melodrama, such as .'The Sporting Duchess," or 'The White Heather.' or 'The Great Ruby,' is com- . prised in this. A crowd is not difficult to . handle when once the 'extras' have caught the spirit of the play. But to produce the whole picture, with a combination of n thou sand-changing colours and lights, in a way that shall present a harmonious whole to the eye of the audience, is u work ot difficulty only conceivable to tliose who have expor- . ienco'in that line." "All-' this system of preparing models for ' scenery and arranging tlie designs of your, dresses beforehand, and just what shade of light shall be thrown here, and what colour there, Is fallacy and moonshine. In nine cases . out.tif'.ten the whole work falls to pieces in the/light of the rehearsal. In one word.lt is im possible to tell just what you can or t-nn pot . do until you have begun rehearsing the play '—until; -in fact, you are on the stage. Only t the light of actual experience' of work can ' eese things be accurately judged. In this \- -iy I have been able to produce the best ef- 1 f. ets. Many stage-managers and many I thois believe in writing the 'business' of a / v'ty, the entrance and exits, and all the 'pro- j. -riles' "required, right in the book: It Is an standard rule of the . business,, and one 3 . ,m Which I have ventured to depnrf. I 1 >fer to establish a rule of .my own and let \h i rehearsals of the play suggest the 'bust- ' n - ss' and the things that ntay be needed in a certain scene. - 'Equally useless is the. system of reading r> play to a company — another ancient obser- > ;.nce — followed religiously, by Sir Henry, Mr :n..ly, Mr. Frohmun, and every manager in the world except myself. A bad system is ji.it made good because It is old. Read a play i 1 a company, and they will know rather less fiout the play at the end of the reading '.an they did at the beginning.. The actor' is not In -sympathy with the story or the author, or with anything on earth save him self. , His sole interest, is in his ,own. part — how much of the cream he has got for himself By that standard he estimates the value .of the whole work. And this is why Actors arc qltvays such ba'd judges of a play. The only practical system Is to leave it to the actor to Become familiar with his part at rehearsal. In actual rehearsal will the possibilities In nn apparently poor part develop themselves. Only at rehearsal can the actor begin, to ap preciate all that is required of him. said in the beginning that the science of stage management was born In the man, that it could not be acquired, that it was a heaven sent gift. Bv stage management I do not mean the simple arrangement of entrances and exits, the introduction of 'business,' tho stage-carpenter methods, but the combina tion of artistic faculties by which a man may produce a stage picture full of a pulsing life. One tiling more I have to sajj: Staging is yet In its Infancy. Wo have not yet begun to lream of 'the possibilities in theatric produc tion. The century now closing has seen the stage travel from the two fiats that met In the middle of the stage, and the six wooden supers who sat at the tables in well-bred in difference while Macbeth raved at Banquo's ghost, all the way through the generations, until we reached an Irving crowd, a Daly drawing- room, and the wondrous sub-marine -(feet In 'The White Heather.' Progress in the next century will be somewhat more rapid and those who come after us will witness marvels In respect of stage production com pared with which the wonders that amaze us to-day v.Hl' seem crude and Insignificant." 