LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. An original story written by Mrs. Allan Suttor, of Wallonwaugh, Now South Wales, will be published in this week's " Settler," which will be issued to- morrow (Friday) at noon in timo for despatch by tbo outgoing mails to the farming and western districts so as.to reach subscribers and agents early on aaturday-morning. Mrs. Suttor is no stranger to the Darling Downs. Hor father was the late Mr. Frank Sydney Bowerman, who had many warm and trao friends in this district. Mrs. .Suttor. entered the rnnkB of literary authorship only about two years ago, and hoa been very successful in - the Southern colonies as a writer of short stories. Hor name is be coming familiar to tho large army of Austra lian roaders, and wo confidently look forward to her producing at an early date a larger work, Australian in ohnraetor, which will class her amongst our best writers of fiction. V Tho Ghost of Garloon " is gracefully written, and will well repay perusal. We have made ar-' rangemcnts for another original talo from Mrs. Suttor, particulars of which will bo an. nounced later on, - In tho Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, Ml Dnn'.nn »au« 41.-1. 1.. l i __ . . " bn,v win iiu wuuin next day more "That a Select Committee bo nppolntod to Inquire into nod report upon tho alleged theft of certain electoral claim forms in August last from the 1'ittr, worth Oourt- house, in tho Cnmbooyn oieetorato, tho'Com- mitlco to consist of Messrs. O'Connoli, Moore, Groom, Brown, and Uio mover." 8tof that cough by taking Pectoral Balsom. Is. Cd. and 2s. Od. W. B. Hodgson (into Mackfty), chemist. go Wk again romind our readers of Messrs. Taylor and Clark's sale of tho whole of tho household furniture and effects of tho late Town Hall Hotel, James-street, which takes place to-day at 12 o'clock. Full particulars a ppf?"%tt our loading1 article.' V . " ' It is understood that at the meeting of the Executlvo Council yesterdfty morning (says tho " Telegraph ") authority was givon for the removal of the tick quarantine line ruu- ning from a point on tho north nnd south quarantine lino along tho Main Bango m a south-easterly direction to the coast just south of Gladstone. As a result of tho post year's esperienco, it has been found Hint onnmndnA lines are practically usolcss, and that it is far more advantageous to 'mako tho inspectors and tlie cattle -owners responsible for not allowing tick- infcstcd ; stock to travel over clean roads, " A TEitv heavy thunderstorm broke over the town on Tuesday afternoon', and torrents of rnln descended for about twenty minutes,' giving the stroct channels tho best flashing they have received this -season. At 0 a.m. yesterday the fallowing falls were registered for tho previous 24 boors Toowoomba, O.ftfin. ; Cnbarlah, 0.04tn. ; Crow's Nest, O.lSin. ; Fittsworth, 0.031n". It is expected that the wholo of the enve- lopos In connection with the recont federal referendum will be in the hands of the re turning ofiicor (Mr. W. H. ltydcr) on Wed- nesday next, September 27, after whioh the count will be made with as little delay as possible. A public ball will be held to-morrow night in tho Weilcamp Provisional 'School, proceeds in aid of school funds. A urn,f lad of eight years old, son of Mr. John McQuillan, of Persovcranco, was bitten by a black snake about 8 o'clock on Sunday evening (writes our own correspondent). The boy was in searoh of hens' nests when he tramped on tho reptile, which bit him just above tho ankle. Tho lad at once ran In to the house and informed bis lather what had happened. Mr. McQuillan pricked nnd sucked the wound, and put some ammonia on it, nnd tied a ligature tight above, and below the wound. The little fellow got sick soon after, but a oouplo of hours later be was protty well right again. Wn arc pleased to learn that everything: promises woll for tho success of tho compli mentary benefit whioh is' to bo tendered to ' Miss Marlay in the Assembly Booms tliflt- ovening, when will bo. produced Flan- quoit's -over, popular ooralo opera, " Lea-' Cloches Do GornoviUo." This opera, It - will bo romombcrod, was staged recently whte remarkablo snccoss, and in which Miss Marlay mado an admirable Serpolotfe. Certain changes have been mado in tbo caste, the priociplo being that Miss Schmid will under take tho part of " Gcrmninc." One of the features of tho performance will again bo tho orchestra, under tho leadership of nerr Schliobncr. Considering tbo many and ad mirable services which Miss Marlay has ren dered to local institutions, a record house may " bo anticipated. The box plan, now open at - Harston and Co.'s., is filling rapidly. Thoso scats may bo resorved freo of obargo, and those desirous of securing a scat should mako tho earliest application this morning. In conscquenco of tho chango of site of tbo - Anglican Cathedral, tho Bishop of Brisbane has determined to go to Londonand personally place the plans of the Into Mr. T. L. Pearson, R.A., boforo his son, Mr. F. L. Pearson, for - adoration (says tho "Telegraph.") Tbo pro- sent buildings on St. John's church lands must bp vacated in threo yenrs, and thero is . therefore no time-to be lost in tbo erection of tbo now CAthedrnI, nnd correspondence would Involve loss of time. Dr. Wcbbor will leave Sydney In tho Orizaba next week, on Septem- s ber SO, and after a stay of fivo or six weeks Iiv London, hopes to leavo again In January, reaching Brisbane in Fobruary next. Tho ' .Bishop- states that ho docs not go home to colleot money, bat to' settle in personal con- sultatlon with the architect, tho position of tho synod hall, offices, vestries, <tc., so as to' mako them accord with and '' grow out " » the cathedral. It Js hoped that tbo foundatictfS stone will bo laid on Jane II, lOOOwhloh wi W bo tbo 15th anniversary of Dr. Webber's cc%$? socration as Bishop of Brisbane. The An.CT can synod will then bo in' session, and iiTia hoped to mako tho occasion very suitable In many ways, not least of which is the comple tion of the funds necessary to pay the cost of erecting the cathedral free from debt. 1 Bale Whito Calicoes, Crowdson's' and otlior good makes, and 1 bale Honeycomb Quilts, ox Duke of Norfolk, daiusgcd by sea water, will be on sale to-day at T. K. Lfunb and Co.'s Drapery Store, at salvngo price.,' per instructions from tbo underwriters. 0 \ The countty about Perseverance is looking splendid since tho rocent rains (writes obr own correspondent). It is tho host Spring weV have had for many yenrs, and the crops and ' pastures could not look bettor at this timo of tho yevr. NoiwiTnsTANDiNo tho heavy ruin on Tues- tiny afternoon, tho foljowing luetics nnd gen- tlemon were prosont at the Downs Tea Booms to make arrangomeots for tho Children's Curnivnl nnd Adult Dnnco in connection with the Hospital Onroivnl and Floral Gala, to ho held on 18th October ': — Mesdamcs W. H. ' Groom, Pointer, Marlay, -Mayes, Hatton, Misses Aland, Tolmlo (2), Hnmmond, and " Messrs. Sinclair, J. H. Munro, W. Trovolhan, and Hon. Secretary. It wns dcolded to post, pono the meeting until Friday next, 22ud, to ensure a lnrger nttendance. The U.S.- Government aftor oxport oxaml nation placed order for. 214 Osborne Mowora ' and 400 Osborne Bnkes. Seo ndv. on pngo ' 1957 The concert, whioh wns to have been held \ nt Onkey Crook on Tuesday night Inst in connection with the Christian Brothers' Bazaar Fund, was unavoidably postponed on nocount of tho Inclement stnto of tho weather. However, tho promolors of tho concort have decided to hold it on Monday night, the 25th Inst. The trnlns on that date run most suitably forthosc who are taking part in tho concert, nnd others who are desirous ol at- tending. Tho train leaves for Oakoy on Monday noxt at 4.16, leaving at 0 a.m. tho following morning for Toowoomba. Should sufficient inducement ho given, a 'Bus will leavo tho Club Hotol corner at 8 p.m. on Monday for Onkey. Laxative Stoop enres indigestion, constipa tion, biliousness, sick headache, etc, Priced 2s. (id.fromW.B. Hodgson only (Into Maokay. ohemlst 69 TnE " Settlor," tho Darling Downs farmers- weekly paper, will bo published onFiidayat noon and will he despatched by tho outgoing mails to tho fa'rniing and westorn dlstriots in timo to ho delivered to subscribers and agonis early on Satnrdny morning. It contains all tho local and district news- of the week, cablegrams, Political nows, intercolonial and Queensland news, farming nows, notes for farmers, agricultural nrtioles, lending articles on ourrant topics of tho day, weather news, commercial nows, household notes, Indies' column, and n variety of rending matter suitable for tho homo and tho farm. Yestebdav nftornoon the Field Trial for sporting dogs, under tho auspices of tho Too. woombn Dog and Poultry Society, was held in the Harrislotvn Paddock, and a fair number of spectators were present. Major Moore acted as jndgo and gave every satisfaction. For the bcBt working pointer, dropper or 'setter dog or Blut, to ho worked on quail and shot ovor as the jndgo m'ay dircot, there were nino competitors, tho first prize falling to Mr. D. Barling's Zoo, arid the second to Mr. H Pointer's Bod. This Is tho second timo thr.j this handsome pointor slut hns won in fiold trial work. Tnkim? Iia „n ti u n._ e ,«v HV1» .ill luiuugu Wiq dogs showed to greater advantage than thoy did at tho previous trial. For best working retriever dog or slut to he worked nnd shc.1 over on the grounds, Mr. H. Wobh's Boh came first and Mr. S. B. Konnard's Faust second. " The mission services in the Neil-street Methodist Church commenced as advertised, on Sunday, the mission preacher, Bcv. L. HudBon, having addressed n meeting ot church workers on Saturday evening. There were threo services on Sunday, and at eaoh a con' \\- grcgatlon assembled wjiich filled the church, that in the evening being 'especially , large,' The stonns,'on Monday and Tuesday interfered; :; very greatly with the attendance; 'hut. dld"nol prevent a fair number ol enthusiastic metliodlsts coining together. Last night, al though weather conditions were still somo. what 'unfavorable, an excellent congregation assembled and listened with much interest as tho missioner (old tho sloiy of his llfo, and sought to apply its lessons. The services will ho conducted to night nnd Friday night, and increased interest nnd success will attend them we do not doubt. usooune Hinders, Mowers, Bakes, and A Harrows are Mor-.over, end- money tmker, $ for the farmer. Got catalogue. See adv. ft' on page 1. . 1959 © We are indebted to n correspondent lor tho following paragraph from tho "Auckland Weekly News "-of August. 25, which will bo read with interest by many persons in Toowoomba nn'd -Dalby, who, if thoy do not. whol ly endorse the Scriptural phrase that " nil men nro liars," will havo no hesitation in saying that one mnn is. Our Now Zealand contemporary says " There arrived In Anok. land on August 22 from tho South, MrTOliver Balnbridge, who is touring tho world to collect material for n four-volume book of travel. It 'B to nppear in tho Bussinn, French, German and English languages, nnd wilt bo illustrated' by Mr. Balnbridge. Our representative saw Mr. Balnbridge at tho Star Hotel, where ho is staying, and learned that he left St. Martin's Lo Grand, London, flve.yeara ago, and travelled through Europe, Asia, Africa, Aus- tralia, and Tasmania. While an his travels Mr. Balnbridge snvs ho has had several excit- lng adventures, such as being arrested as n spy in Turkey, lost in the jungle in India, and imprisoned in Bnssia. Tho great part of his journeying is done on loot. Mr. Bninhridgo' "w- dresses in the Bulgarian costume, nnd makftT rather a striking figure with his long ,Knlr. " slouch hat, etc. During his tour of tbyfeuuth Island Mr. Balnbridge lectured infseveral towns, and also In Wellington he iflivered a octure under the patronage of HijrExcolleucy Auckland"' 0 AIs0 intcndjto lecture In Faiuiehs should keep posted on latest improved machinery. Send lit the Osborne Catalogue. Seo ndv. on pagrjl.. . 1958 - if -' fef fino IHttt ilr. Nolaon lttul licoii Wda' lolt ol too. clothing &M9S-J3; wnmnri. when It W sus " Jin iTah on the whole o! it ; ovon lUo ®5iJ.aKo W03 wearing .wero cliarrcd iiRht SiiHfnhtn'aha .Uwt ««h nnilcrnculh bornt. Bi.rto.ct totacMb |M®;05H;bn'fl' wdVot Bpfohrtlrt courogokna m ffiW.Uia no go unrc- 'It waa a brave jsclt-sacriflcing itintlo bim nUpmut to aavo a tellow r.''lnihi.nl)c'ing from the most horrible 6t tlcntos, teStiBLlp own lite, ami thongl. ho me BBfewaSea wUh boing ablo to do nil that BKuhcU, (.till it mustlo sallsfoclory to him '(bat -:hp , aid all ..that .... lay .in i6 pakr- ib ag. .i'iio ffltejb -lai hot mtdwobVerely tcrnlhlmaollaa the [?] A Jjdjijdrlft EBfe5@te5t8S5&&: burnt badly rvbpiit the. (ore- «9h ; IsV bptO unvo Buffered iabar and log were similarly IHucd AbfrrkfriibC Xo buoh ft pdidCnl oxtont. IHabwksuipi® .U'tHftt htofacfijjot oft so Ana cor© biDr. Hdmo. V:llcidteJiHi«o\'oli!tdren already nicn- ltlon6d:,&Hp;d3ardy has a. nurobor of grown up "Btep-no'and step-daughters, lolo whose care ''.ftiQ.yoSngof. inerabcrfl nave beehebirusted. 