THE \- MVCTCDV n t II r n n n in TO I till Ur ILrUnU GRANGE. [AM, BIGHTS RESERVED.] Ilford. Grunge lies in an untrodden valley in the heart of Englnnd. a lovely retreat. where the call of the bird has not been silenced by the shriek of the steam whistle, and where the sky is not cloudcd, nor the air fouled With smoke. A mile from the old Grange stands a lone ( alc-housc, whose signboard.Thc llobin Hood, j spraks or the old forest days. | Behind the old inn a pathway led through a wood to the valley of Ilford Grange; the old tencmicnt was a motley group of buildings, j grey anil red; once a pious lodging, it was still backed by the Tinned town and south wall of the I'riory Ghurcli. West of it, a tiny stream bubbled down tbe valley, which, banked up to Uie north of the church, formed a lake, the unruffled surface of which reflects the bushes that have grown round the bank, the ivy-covered tower and the clouds that float lazily over the enchanted valley making up a perfect picture of rural beauty. The Grange, built of grey etone, is patehed hero and there with brick,being all overgrown wit h tangled creopers,and surmounted by tall red brick chimneys, abo^e which again tower the ruins of the old I'riory Church. It was tnwnrdathecloaeof a bright and glorious September day Chat ) paused, after a five mile walk, in front of Ilford Grange, It was with strange mingled feelings that 1 stood for 'many minutes gazing at the old pile, grim Bnd gloomy reminiscences being recalled to my mind at ita sight. Here, after my poor father's death, when a boy of seven, had I been brought from London by my uncle's solicitor. Though at enmity with both my parents, upon his younger brother's decease I had been sent for. I may here add that a mother's tender love and care I never bad known, she having left the world a few weeks only after my l birth. i As I stood now in the gloaming, the rc shaflowB deepening around the old Grauge, 1 recalled to mind the dark, bleak, winter's W day, when, weary of my morose vnd miserly relation's tyranny, 1 rati away, a lad of six- m teen. Starved and buffeted about for yean at Ilford Grange, my rough life oil board a West India merchant ship was far preferable; and now.fairly well-to- do, andeight and twenty years of age, it was with wild and conflicting emotions that I stood with folded arms at tho entrance gates of my uncle's residence, the old miBer, who for years bad forgotten my existence, but who now npon his death bed had expressed a wish to behold once more his nephew Miles, Something I • remembered of a pretty little girl, a niece, tlie daughter of the only sister «f Mark Ban - way. She, poor child, some seven or eight years my junior, had been the only being I regretted leaving behind at the old Qrange that bitter winter's day when, proud and defiant, I ran away to seek a home upon the vasty deep. There was no sign of life about the old place,and as I sauntered up the mosscovered and weeded pathway I beheld, as of yore, the same air of desolation, neglect, and decay. " A miser never changes his disposition any more than tho leopard his spots," I nrattercd, as, gaining the old porch, I gave a tug at tho bell, the clangour of whioh woke up many a diBmal echo about tlie place, V startling the very rooks that were circling overhead preparatory to Beeking their Bests, ^.forthenipht was close at hand. For some five minutes I waited patiently a reply to my summons, and then, as I was about again to put my. hand oil the bell, the massive oaken door was slowly opened, creaking and groaning on its hinges as if reluctant to admit of ingress to the stranger. An old crone, with yellow, wrinkled face and toothless gums, standing on the threshold, winking and bliuking like an old owl, in querulous accents demanded my business. " I left Iiondon early this morning to paya visit to my uncle, Mark Han way." " Did you T then you might have saved yourself a long journey ; yon can't see him," said tiie old woman, snappishly, who, though she had lost her teeth, I found retained hotsense of hearing. Can't see him ? What do you mean, woman? Why, lie sent for me, and as I just now informed you, I have travelled a long distance at his.request." " That inay be,but the old man ha; started on a longer- journey than you have ever mode." " I think I understand you. You mean to infer that he is dead." " Yes; and as we have no accommodation for travellers, I can't lot you in. I'm a lone woman, and can't a-bcar strangers. You'll get a bed, I daresay, at the Kobin Hopd,. t'other side of the .wood." " Thank you, ,but I do not care to cruise for that anchorage to-night. I'm here now ?.ntl intend to remain, I do not know who or what you are, but I have come down here .at the express desire of Uncle Hanway, and I'm not going, to bout ship for any lone woman who does not like strangers." Bather short-tempered aud angry at the Impndonee of the crone, T here very coolly drove past her;into the hall. Bather taken nhack, as clapping her hands, screeching and yelling like a tigor-cat, she sang out, " Beuben, Reuben) Dido, Dido!" Tbe pair, so loudly called upon starting forth from a half-open door close by me, and proving to be a burly, sandy-haired, red faced man, and a fierce, savage- looking dog; tbe latter with .ui angry, snarl, and revealing a set of huge tangs, hunching his back and Bhowing « dieposit,ion to fly at me" without any further todo or provocation. " What's all this about f Who are you t _ Get out of . it, or I'll, let Dido hare -at thee !" • - T : irf . *'. i"eu*d lKH»!ji.old Dido,aay6u oall him, knifein>isribB. I'm ' douo 'a tiily bit of pig-sticking in India, and ' I'm i>ot£oing tb be cowed here by a vicious dnc oi- bullied by a clodhopper 1 You ask who * m, I asii the nephew of the owner of this i '-.'• Jiciim, and I don't care who yo oran> cither; but if you don't take care and at* net civil, I'll kick you both out of the , Crtiofcf." -Ob.oh! Da'cehear that mother?" " Let go the dug at 'im, Beuben. Did thee hour ho called I a crone!" oried the hag, fairly dancing with race. To my _ ^ unmitigated astonishment, the Efloundrel of.a man, now loosing the savage ' bcast'hehad been folding,-with a loud deep- j mouthed Shay itfiprangupon me, causing me I by its weight to stagger book affalnBt the WB1|, " j Having Matched a broad:sharp-bladoS , knife from any pocket a jnomenl betpro, ami gettlng agood grip-of "the brute by tne neoK, - I buried the*"weapon up to tho liaft iTi it« throat, and then exerting all my strength I wl-rt' thn iivim? beast nt the old womanhurled the dying OBast pi..uie om »wnw the floor. Starting now uponthe amazed andconfoundedReuben.Igave thefellowone cnahing blow full between the eyes,^*nd an-, . .-.-i • •..« 1 ' -n.v.-,^,.! _-; shrieking hagand the dead Dido. . ; I Jliiter of tiie fieULT now. drawing a deep F breath, took a glance around, staring-wildly bo y ' wan facod ' ragE^ and dirty, e lid "i? from B distant corner, with one hand upon his lips and the otlier uptaised, beckoned ™ B 10 follow him, as he began to ascend a Bight of stairs at the end of the hall. Paying no heed to the oaths and threats ; of dire vengeance uttered by the bullying lout . below, ] at once hurried after the poor little ereaturo, who, gliding swiftly before me, kept . turning round to see if I were following on. Up » second flight of stairs, passing along a corridor that I remembered well in the days of old, my little pilot then began ascending a third steep flight that I knew-led to a suite of rooms seldom or ever used in my , childhood's days, and that bore the reputation of being hauntod. Pacing through two apartments that opened one into the other, the littlo follow oaine to a pause, and placing his trembling little hnnd upon the door of a third chamber, he exclaimed, in a hesitating and trembling voice, " Laura's here!" " Laura's there, is she?" I replied, smiling at the troubled expression thatveBted upon the poor boy's features; for though locked, 1 was well assured that 1 could soon buret tlie door open if necessary; and calling to inind that Laura was the name of my pretty playmate and cousin in the long ago, 1 determined, without any scruple, to force an .entrance into the room. Forthwith, and without any further to-do, I gave a bound. with my shoulder against the obsraclcbeforeme'; that, as I expected, tore the lock away, and landed me sprawling upon the floor of the chamber beyond. Starting to my feet, I was now astounded at beholding a young and lovely girl, a beautiful blonde, lying upon a cuueh, bound hand and foot, whilst piled up to the 'oeiling, as if ready for removal, I observed achifst of j drawer?, tables, chain, card- tables, and washstands, all packed one upon the other, caus- | ing tho chamber to resemble tho sale room of an auctioneer. My first proceeding was, of course, to reease from her bonds the weeping girl, who, n wild alarm, seizing me by the arm, ex-• l.imnd. laimed: ' " i I " What have you done with that infamous oman and iter son?" " Shown them both that I mean to be aster here!" " But the dog—thoy will Bet the horrible brute upon you!" " Thov did that same thing, my dear girl, and I served Dido as I used to do the wild boars; but tell me, Laura, what is the meaning of that strange array of furniture ?" " I will tell you all—everything. But say, are you not mv cousin Mite, tbHt'poor'nneie . "I am he; yes, Laura. And though so many years have parsed since we wandered . hand >n hand about the valley and through the woods, 1 recognised you, dear the moment I entered the arariment. And now teUmewhat villainy has been going on „ .. , . „ . . ' Almost murder, M.'cs cnod my pretty ^ M o ' l ^ . " ^ . . ' r If V I t ^ dlngly to my arm. Poor nnclc Hanway died yesterday, and beuauso old John Greysbrooke and his daughter wouldn't conscnt to some vile proposition of theirs, the monster, „„!•„ „„J ,J|„ .J „,„..,: Beuben Monks, and his vile old mother , barricaded them up in tile ghost room, and God known what crime would have been carried out if you had not arrived; for myself 1 would have died before agreeing to the •i, f.i. i « i . wisnes ol mat Hreadinl pair. " And what were those wishes, Laura ?" j "That I should consent to become the wife nf the hm-Hd >inn " j wile or me noma son. | A very .modest desire, certainly; but I ir haze (punish) them before many hours are over. And now to nslcass tho prisoners. Thank find 1 ju- rjowl in Hm» l f„r j faod 1 arnvedin tnn^ Laura .for I > believe that vile old hag and the fcUow ] Beuben wouldn't ,„„„ij„>, i have hesitated i— at-murder, or their looks belie them." I Betting strenuously to work 1 proceeded ' * ... ., ,. , . c to drag away the numerous articles of furni-1 ture that had been heaped together, and j slightly aided by my cousin speedily disdosed the half- glass door that opened into the ghost room, as it was called. He.t>, by . thepalerayBof the moon that stole through 1 a small dement at the far end of this ante-room, I beheld the' wan" ond . j r i,. u 11 • ,i t startled faces of, tlie old man and his daugh- ! . , . . . . . ,, f ter, who hail so daringly been imprisoned by •1.. -ii. M„„'.„ _„J1.„; the vile housekeeper, Mrs. Monks, and her eon. With some difficulty getting away from my oouBin, who was in fear and alarm for my safety, I now, leaving her with the Greysbrooked, at oiiee desoended to tbe lower part of tbe houBe I was rather surprised that I had received no further signs of revolt from the enemy, • i, » , ,, . r t especially as I had heard from Laui» of . ,, their . audacious desires and criminal proceedings, Followed by the little boy, a waif of the a^iuinnt villam I made a tliorouirh insuecadjacentfllla^lin^eatiorou^ tion of the premises, and at, Ja*t was pretty well convinced thatthemother and her'hopeful son had vacated the premises. i Beturnine to my anxious cousin,'all the l, ,ilr,,°i, /„!„„„ the lioorold \- . ° ™ " .Si. labourer and his daughter) we sat up in that bouBe of tho deiid, none of us under-thecir-1 cuinstances caring to seek repose. | 1 . . „. . ' ' , The next, day, upon calling in tho county counetahulary. we discovered that Eeuben - Monks and his mother had deeainped, hut had carried off a considerable sum in gold, part of the hoards of my unfortunate uncle, who had died with no relative by his death bed ; even his niece having been prevented j from attending upon him by the vicious ' beings in whom for years he had placed such trust. The precious pair of conspirators by means of the hue and cry and a smatt detectivc from London, were soon capttirad, and received a well- merited sentence of Five Years' Penal." . -As next-of-kin, I duly inherited all Mark Hanway'6 .wealth;_ and, wedding the lovely Launa- and settling down at the old Grange, I tempted no more the dangers ofthedeep, deep sea, - . ". _7-- 