HE1IIT OF ilOieiO, , \GOMPLETM JiV TSI8 ISSVB. BY G. B. BURGIN. COPTBIGHT. 1 | FALL have $- j our ideas in in this world f (Of 1 "mlaSf ' of how to jA \if&f; vdrfbloLr' propure for tho next. \p/ Somo of us emmyswmb 1mm put off tho jfels' preparation until tho Inst mo inuut. Then, we are very uncom fortable and wish thnt wo lmd attended more closely to what an old aunt of mino once called 'our sacrilegious duties. " Others ore so busily engaged in preparing for tho next world, thnt they have no time in which to attend to their duties hqre. Personally, it has always seemed to me rather indecent for a man to make such a fuss about his soul to his neigh- hours. Provided ho lives a godly, sober, and . righteous life, and does his neighbours a good turn wherever possible, I think that ho ought . not to trouble people unduly with his spiritual concerns. ' This by tho way ; for I had just been driven out of London by tbo incessant clamour of tbo Salvation Army, which uevor lost a chance of wishing to drag my soul into tho light of day whenevor it met mo in a public thoroughfare. Tho last straw had been when ft very beautiful and ladylike girl stopped me in tho Strand and said earnestly, "I. am so sorry for your poor, sinful soul. Stranger, what of your' soul?" I admit tbat I was testy. " It is a question which no well-bred young woman should ask of a perfect stranger without tho formality of a previous introduction,' I. said severely. "Ah," she replied softly, hor'oyes filling with tears, " but it won't want an introduc tion when it goes to the bottomless pit." I must admit fooling rather anuoyod at her having taken so much for granted. Then just at tlio right moment, cumc Van Holthen's letter. " If," lie said, "you waut a little holiday, pack up your traps and run over to Muvromnrto. I. shall bo away for three weeks, but Old Aluthea will make you comfortable, and (this was the phraso in the -letter which charmed me so much) you can possess your soul in peace." Thnt was what I wanted. To possess my soul in peace ; but thcro did not appear to bo much chunce of my doing so in Europe. When after sundry adventures whioh do not matter. I readied Mavromorto (I had an exciting iimo witli Greek patriots in Athens, who wanted me to volunteer and pay my own expenses), old Aluthea met me on the threshold, and kissed my huud with much fervour. Like the good sensible soul she was, she did not bother xne about spiritual matters, but tried to xnake me comfortable as I sat on the terrace watching the fireflies (they looked like bicycle lamps in the vino- yards) and drinking a loathsome, ovil-smoll- ing spirit, distilled from the lcutiscus, called mustie. "No one," snid Aluthea, "overcame to Muvromnrto without learning to lovo mnstic." . "But it makes me smell like a chemist's fibop," I objected. "Well," said Alutheo, "tho' saints bo praised, people will think you uro a true son of Greece, and know you by the sinell." And so. evening after ovening, 1 sat on tho terrace, possessing ray soul, without anyone in the neighbourhood venturing to dispute my ownership of it. The weeks fled by in a dream of languorous 'sunshine, bountiful primitive ways, quaint music from tho neighbours' guitars, and an occasional fray when the fisher-folk took too much mastic and suddenly started a blood t'oud with a neighbouring village. At. first I was a little alarmed about my own personal safety, as tho inhabitants of Prinkipoti informed Aluthea that they were in doubt whether, being the only stranger in the island, it might not be a point of honour for both sides to see which could bag mo first , but Aluthea scolded them so vigorously that thoy some what rolnutuntly gave up tho idea, nay, in consideration of a small sum in drachmas, I was allowed by both sides to maintain au armed neutrality. Tho daily list was generally brought to me, and Aluthea, who know every ono of the victims, always had cdyfying remarks to make about them. Ono evening sho ouroo to mo with a joyous smile lighting up her wrinkled features. "Holy Saint Gringopoulos bo praised, my lord." "Certainly, Aluthea; but why?" "To-morrow will bo the saint's fete day, and tho blood feud will be over. My lord can come to the fete." "AU right, Aluthea. I'll send them n dozen bottles of nuistic, just to colobrato tho occasion. I'm rather tired of having occa sional pot shots made at mo from the viue- yard below." "It's only tho boys," snid Alhtliea, npologpcicuUy. "They don't wish to hurt my lord, but they Jilw to see how near thoy can firo without ucluullj' hitting him. A truo Mavromartian would look upon it us a com pliment." To turn tho conversation, for I was a little overcomo by suoh kindly consideration, I nsked Alutlmu ubiut holy saint Gringopoulos. " Ah, my lord, but wluit a dear man he was !" slio said enthusiastically. I motioned her to sit down. "If your lordship pormits," sho said humbly. As I was wither pining for a chat, I graoiously permitted Aluthea to tako this unhoard-of privilege. Sho arranged herself comfortably on a cushion, her brown old fueo aglow with childish prido and delight ut tho unexpected honour whioh lmd fallen upon her. I poured hor out some mastic. "To tho saint and vour lordship's health. May your lordship dio iu your sandals," sho said fervently. Among these simple children of nature it is considered a disgraoo to dio in your bed. Henco, if you % are suffering from mortal disease, you go out and shoot someone, and his relations kindly do tho same for you. Thcro is not the slightest illwill ut tho funeral ; both parties thoroughly understand tho situation. "There's another bullet," I said, jumping, as something " zzzzzd " through tho air, and buried itself in. the verauda wall. "Go away, children," sternly cried Aluthea, advancing to tho edgo of tho veraudu, and culling down to sonic peoplo in tho vinoyurd, " Go away, or my lord will not come to tho foto to- iuorrow V "Now I can toll your lordship aU about Sfthit Gringopoulos and tlio Hermit of Mavroiuarto," sho said, reseating herself, and casting a wistful oyo at tho mastic bottlo. I filled lip her srlass and moved without tho range of tho liquid's potent fumes. "Well, my lord," snid Aluthoa, "one morning wheu wo went down to tho bonch some fifty years ago, wo found a holy man sitting there, combing tho wator out of his hair with his fingor mills. Ho lmd nothing - on, so my mother, tho saints rest her bones, gavo him her apron for a girdle, He told us ho came from tho saints." "Yes?" :»/' «Wn U, wo built him a liermitago and ho got to bo known- as 'Tho Hermit of Mnvro marto, 1 Peoplo always came to soe him ou ; ' fte days, ana try to make him hungry," " To make him hungry ?" .. "Yes, inylord. Ho lived upon bread and water, woro horsehair next to his skin, and disciplined the flesh until he hadn't any flesh loft. Ho grow so thin that peoplo could nee through him, Tlio peoplo of Gringopoulos '' eaid ho was a hypocrite without any claims to sanctity at aU." " Did he kill them ?" "Oh, no, my lord. The moro they said the holier our hermit become. People cumo from milos away to receive his blessing. In winter, he would take oif his horsehair shirt and the girdle piy mother gavo him, and fltand night after night on tho topmost peak of thedslaud, praying for the welfuvo of man- kind aqd for a blessing on Gringopoulos, who was also trying to bo thought a saint. Ho grow no thfu that ovciy gust o( wijyl blew him off his perch on to tbo beaoh below ; but ho would orawl up again on all; fours and then— puff! puff! ana then ho>waa down again." " "And thenP t "Gringopoulos nearly died of envy. . At last, he challenged the hermit to Retrial of endurance, in which tho pno who. remained at his post for the greater time was' to be ^pro claimed the only saint of the archipelago and to hold undisputed sway." j "That\was a good" way 'of settling the difficulty." "On tho appointed day, my, lord,' thcro was great exoitemcnt. The hermit went to his usual post and tied himself to a trco lost the wind shbuld' blow him away. Gringo poulos took up his position on tho opposite peak, V Ono day and- u night elapsed. The hermit of Mnvromarto began to suffer tho pangs of hunger ; tbo fierce winds of hoavou blow him up and down like a shuttlecock; and' ho grow thiuner than ever. But still Gringopoulos did not move from his post on tho opposite peak. A second day passed, my lord ! A third ! A fourth ! A fifth !' Death begun to seize upon our good hermit, but Gringopoulos stayed on. On tho sixth day our good hermit of Mnvromarto commended himself to the saints and gavo up tbo ghost." "And then, Aluthea?" "Well, then, my lord, it was all over. Gringopoulos rose from behind a cludip of bushes, whoro ho was making a hearty break- fust, took his robes off the dummy" lib hod placed opposite our good hermit, buried the hermit, went home, and told overyouo how ho had won the contest." "And you mudo him a saint, Aluthea?" "Yes, my lord. Ho was so clover. Ho lived for forty yours after, and is tho holiest suintin tho urchipolago." . " But about his soul, Aluthea?" " Oh, my lord, that's his affair. His bones have great virtue in curing rheumatism. He must bo a Muint." And Aluthoa went in to make her prepara tions for the morrow. After all, people of different nationalities look at things from different points of vjew. Even in Mnvro marto you cannot escape your soul 