EstablisAcd August 18Y2. _o h ortlnd uaqdian, With which is incorporated Shte 'Vortland _tirror. -o Published at roftland Every JlModsy, Wed nesday, and Friday Evening. MosDAY, MAY .8, 1899. A SEND OFF.---During the time the steamer Ormiston Grange was in our bay last week endeavoring-to secure a supply of coal, Captain Taylor was brought into contact with many of our residents, and his courteous and gentlemanly manner secured for him friends all round. -Just prior to the departure of :-his' vesset'on Saturday evening several residents paid him a visit and occasiou was taken to wish the jolly skipper bon- voyage. Mr W,V. M. Smith proposed the good health of Captain Taylor, and during his re. marks alluded with plea.sure to the p!eas ant business transactions he had nad with that gentleman during his sojourn here. Alluding to the cause of the visit iMr, Smith regretted that the full supply of coal which the vessel was prepared to take was not available in the town on such short notice, but expressed the full belief that such an emergency for the future would be readily met. Captain Taylor in reply thanked the officers of the port for the ready and willing assistance he had received and the courtesy shown him. He alluded to the Port of Portland, and in the course of his remarks ex pressed himself as pleased with the capa hilitiesof the bay, and particularly with regard to the facilities for entering, the fine depth ot water available, and the splendid anchorage. and good holding ground. He would have no hesitation in running in at any weather, and trusted the business of the place would advance so that the capabilities of the bay might be more fully brought into use. After a few more complimentary words had been said the visitors returned to shore after wishing the captain a good run to Sydney SUSPICIOUS CIRCU?MsTAsNCs-Several householders last week were subjected to a new experience for this town, and one which is not welcome. Rumour has it that at one place an inmate of a bed room, who had carelessly left his door un locked, was awakened with that don't know.-hat-it-is-feeling, that there was something wrong, and immediately saw a man with a light in his hand in the room. His slight movement caused the intruder to beat a hasty re treat, The alarm was given, and a man was seen disappearing over a fence. Another householder also had a some 'hat similar experience, but the person had not in this instance affected an en trance to the dwelling, the light moving about the outhouses having been noticed. In the face of these experiences, house holders would do well to note any sus picious circumstances, and aid the police by, if possible, affecting a capture. MR. D. N. McLEOD.-A copy of the " Oakleigh Times " of April 29 is just to hand, and we find that our worthy Par liamentary representative has been much evidence there- lately, as the following is clipped from the paper alluded to will show :-" In responding to the toast of "Parliament " at the recent cricketers dinner, Mr D. N. McLeod, M.L.A., em. braced the opportunity of explaining his position in the district. He stated that while g!ad to mingle with residents in all local gatherings, he wished it to be un derstood that his desire was to live here as a private citizen. In the House of Assembly he was a public man repre senting those who sent him there, and also while amongst his constituents, whose claims upon him were paramount. He wished to be simply D. N. McLeod in the district, We think everyone will admit the justice and force of these senti ments," In connection with the above, and in case Mr McLeod's remarks are not too plain to many of our readers, we may explain that Mr McLeod has been repeatedly asked to become a patron of various public matters and to allow him self to be appointed President of a num ber of societies or clbs, and to submit to other like honors being thrust upon hima, but to one and all he has refused, ex. plaining that although he desired to join in all public matters in the place where hehad elected to reside for-the present he desired to be just a private citizen. In perusing the account of the cricket match alluded- to above we- find the following;-" Mr McLeod, MI,L.A,, as emergency man, made the respectable score of 1g when he was bowled by the redoubtable Crosb;e." In another For tion of the same paper we find that at the sosisl gathering to celebrate the anniversary services of Holy Trinity Church, "Mrs McLeod gained loud ap plause for her sympathetic rendering of the fine old song "Rothsay Bay," and also " Mrs McLe.od again favored, sing ing" Twickenham Ferry" in a manner that recured hearty applause." At the same gathering Mr bicLeod delivered a brief address. - THE OXLEY MURDERB,--The taking of evidence in connection with the Ox.ley murder was continued at Brisbane on Thmsday, when a prisoner named James Wakef:eld gave evidence. He stated that the accused E. L, C. Wilson asked him in prison to do himi a favour. He suggested to him'(Wakefield) that. when he got out he should go to the school mistress at Darra and ask her to remem ber if he called there on the day of the murder, and that while asking ha abo!ut trains they both heard a shot fired. VWakefield was also to ask the woman if she remembered that Wilson had a little boy with him in a cart. He was td get it all on paper, and if she did not remember Wakteeld was stil to putit in writing. " Put down," Wilson is al leed to have asked also, "anything you can think which will help to clear me, but don't let her know you hive written it, Get her, to.. sign it,.and give the paper to my solicitor." Wakefield also said ,,lson did act take his soi to .Darron statlni, but left him on the road. Wake~fieldls. detaij~ :a- conuversation he had with Wilson about 'I . revolver: and articles he had paw?ed in Mde bourne. The case was adjourned for a week. Pa"ceLS were lying at the local rail. way station this morning for - H. M; Martell, H. ;Herrmnn, PF. W;. Stevens, Mrlsa, A SociA';. - Recently we stated that arrangements were being made by the brethren of the local lodge of Oddfellows to hold a so:ial in their hall in Henty street. These arrangements have been completed, for in another column appears the official intimation concerning same, Friday, the 12th, being the date, Dr. Dowling, who consented to deliver a lecturette, has chosen " Something about germs in health and disease " for his sub ject, and an interesting discourse may be expected. The lecturer will answer any questions that may be put to him. Dur ing the evening musical items will be given bya number of our local vocalists, and on the whole the social should prove a pleasant and profitable manner of spending an evening. BISHOP THORNTON.--At the conclusion of the adoress by Bishop Thornton on the work of the Ballarat Anglican Church Assembly on Friday he said: " With regard to the future, the House may remember that I have often depre cated the tenure of the same parish for a very long term of years by the same incutmbent, This does not apply quite in the same way.to a bishop, who is not, like the p.rish priest, incessantly preach ing to the same congregation, and visiting in the perhaps narrowt circle of the same parish'oners; but 25 years is a quarter of a century, and it may seem to me my duty, albeit not conscicus at present of any failure of such powers as I have, some time in next year to .nake way for a fresh bishop, with different gifts and characteristics, and a more sanguine spirit. Without in any way committing myself to dates, I take you so far into my confidence as to the drift ot my thoughts, and you will not wish me to say more at this stage. What I have said adds, for me, a certain solemnity to the duty which I have now to fulfil, namely, proroeuing this assembly sine die, and bidding you for the present farewell." SAILED.- The large ocean steamer Ormiston Grange, which put in for coal, and repairs to her machinery, on Thurs day morning, sailed for Brisbane, via, Sydney, on Saturday at 6 p.m. Herdelay was occasioned by a desire to secure a larger supply of coal than was available in this town, but Captain Taylor at last decided to sail with what was available, and arrived at Queensclift at 1i.15 on Sunday morning, SENSATIONAL ISLAND NEWS. - 'he steamer Archer, returned to Sydney on Friday after an extended cruise among the South Sea Islands. She brings sen sational nevs from the Marshall Islands. The captain reports that a tidal wave had swvept over several of the islands, causing a considerable amount of dam-. -ge. The tidal wave was also felt at the Gilbert and Ellice groups, New Ireland and Feed Island. At Nukufatae the tidal wave was very destructive, and at Feed Island it devastated the native settlements, Whilst the Archer was at Jaluit, in the Marshall Islands, a German trading schooner, came in to port from the Carolines, and reported that the tidal wave had extended there, causing great loss of life. Captain Hitchfield, of the German schooner, in formed Captain Henry. of the Archer, that one of the Caroline group had been entirely swept by the wave; and that several hundred of lives must have been lost. Captain Hitchfield was in the vicinity at the time, and succeeded in rescuing some of the natives, The same wave reached as far as New Ireland, but did not do much damage there. Several massacres were reported in the Bismarck Archipelago. At New Ireland a trader named Petersen in formed Captain Henry that he had sent two of his boats down the coast in February last to trade. They had reached the trading grounds and the boats were anchored for the night. Whilst the crews were asleep, the natives put off from the store in war canoes, captured the boats and their freight and massacred all on board. The two boats were manned by ix natives, whose bodies were taken ashore and eaten, The boats were subsequently destroyed. At New Britain some months ago a little trading ketch called the Sea Ghost started out for the neighboring islands on a trading trip. Arriving at Nusa, she was captured by the natives, and the whole of the crew were massa cred. One of the murderers was recently captured at New Britain; having joined one of the trading vessels, He was duly sentenced to death, and was shot a few days before the Archer started for Sydney. The German war ship Moewe hadstarted out from New Britain for Nusa on a punitive expedition in con nection with the same massacre. A NASTy FALL. --Some slight sen sation was occasioned amongst those engaged in the work of loading the steamer Derwent at the wharf on, T?urs day night by one of the employes, Mr Joseph. McWilliam, falling down the hold of the steamer. Luckily, however, only a few minor bruises were sustained, but the result must be looked upon as a lucky escape from .such an ugly fall. Considering the large amount of night work that is carried on at this port it is a matter for great satisfaction that acci-. dents are not-more frequent. REFUSING ADMISSION TO POLICE. At the Penshurst Court of Petty Ses sions., Superintendent hiaud said, in withdrawing a charge of refusing admis sion to the police to hotels, that as many publicans were under the impression that they were justified in so acting, he would like it to be known through the press that constables had a perfect right to go into any room in a licensed house at any hcour day or night. Mr Westacott agreed with the contention, but Mr Tobin thought by giving the bar door key to the constable to open the door with he would be committing an cfience against the Licensing Act. AUCTIoN SAF.E.-On Saturday, Mir J. I. Woods offered for sale that block of land at the rear of the Gordon Hotel, and fronting Percy street, adjoining the Savings' Bank. The highest offer' was Sx6o, at which figure it was passed for pfrvate saus, AccoUNTs.-.The followIng accouints awaited pa."nt at the local Sub.Treai aury this morning :-J. C. P. Allutt, C. Housen, Campbell and Sons, Treat, Portland Shire, R. Boyle, P. Cunning Treas Portland Borough, Trustee H, Rasenbloojp, A. MlcEacran, E. J, Moore' P. A Condon, T Smith,. .W. Cornsy, H. Forrest, and D1 Conols, STocK SALES.- Those inlerested in stock should remember that Messrs. Learmooth and Co. held their monthly sale at Heywood on Thursday. Messrs. A. E. Smith and Co. have decided to hold another sale at Kcntbruck, and an inti.rmation to that effect appears else where, the date fixed being Friday, May 26, A SENSATIONAL CAsE.-Joseph Flan. agan, for several years accountant and mauager to Mr Andrew Rowan, was on Friday acquitted at the Criminal Court of two. charges of embezzlement from his late 'enployer. The feature of the case was the fact that Flanagan seized the opportunity of reading to the jury a voluminous pamphlet, the contents of which covered a much wider area of cir. cumstance than was associated with these particular cases. Mr Finlayson, the Crown prosecutor, ias very severe upon the accused for so divulging what were declared to be his late master's secrets. According to Flanagan's oAn showing, Mr Finlayson said he was, for £750 a year, " doing the dirtiest work that a human being could conceive," and was engaged in the most nefarious cransactions. "Of course," added the Crown prosecutor, " I would not for a moment ask the jury to say that he is telling the truth." Commenting upon this phase of the case, Judge Hamilton observed that so long as a prisoner be haves himself and does not use blas phamous or obscene language, he :an make any statements in his own defence that he may please, and the judge can not stop him. " What effect these state ments may have upon the jury," sidded His Honor, "I cannot tell. They will have the effect that Parliament intended they should have. What that is. I don't know. Parliament never told me, you nor anybody else.' At the conclusion of the trial, Flanagan was admitted to bail on two other charges, which will be heard at the next sittings of the 0ourt. NosIINATIONs for the principal events of the Athletic Club's Queen's Birthday meeting, will be received up tc g o'clock to.morrow evening, May 9. A NOVEL BALLROOM.-A unique func tion occupied the attention of the people of Alberton, when the manage ment of the Ringarooma Gold Mine gave a ball within the bowels of Mount Victoria, in capacious chambers blated out of the solid rock for holding the elec trical plant which is to be erected for winding, pumping, and lighting purposes. One-third of a mile of tunnelling had to be traversed, but when the guests arrived at the end they entered a space like a fairy grotto. About So guests danced to the music of a piano trucked to the spot, and supper was served in a side chamber. SHOCK OF EARTHQUAE.—What is believed to have been a slight shock of earthquake was felt by a number of people at Mount Gambier a few minutes before one o'clock p.m. on Tuesday, re- ports the " Watch." It was nothing more than a tremor, and lasted only a few seconds. It was also felt at Beach- port, Robe, Kingston, and Meningie. An essential condition of health is that the kidneys should be kept in good order, The most safe and pleasant regulator is D.C.L WHISKY. Ask for D.C.L. black bottle. ExTRAORDINaRv DEATH.- John Mit chell, the victim of a singular shooting accident at Ensay in February last, when a bullet from a saloon rifle, fired by a young lady whom he was teaching to shoot, rebounded from the hoop of a barrel and entered his forehead, died on Friday. As reported last week, he had been brought home, and was pro gressing favorably. He was out driving on Monday, but on Tuesday night he took a serious turn, and became uncon scious, and remained so until death. An inquest was opened before Mr. C. G. Holmes, P.M,, and a jury of seven, and after the body had been viewed was ad journed until May so, A post-mortem examination was made on Friday by Mr. Bond, M.R C.S., assisted by Mr Brown, M.B. The cause of death is not yet stated, but the bullet was found at the back of the head, having traversed right through the brain. A BooN. .TO bUSFFERERS. - A wel!. known Stockdealer and Storekeeper an nounces that if written to confidentially, he will reply and state the plan he pur sued by which he was restored to health and vigor after years of suffering from Nervous and Physicsl Weakness, Loss of Manbood and loss of vigor, He writes, '; I have no scheme to extort money from anyone whomsoever, I was victimised by quact:s and empirics until I lost faith m mankind; but thank heaven, I am now well, vigorous and strong, and anxious to make this certain means of cure known to all. Having nothing to sell, I want no money," Ad dress-J. Kilian, Storekeeper, Shcoak Log, South Australia.-ADvyr, THE TUG OF WVAR CONTEST. - The second contest between the Irish and Australian tug-of-war teams took place at St Vincent's Fair on Friday night, when the Irishmen repeated their pre. vious performance, defeating the repre sentatives of this country in 15 ninutes, The two teams scaled within 61b. of each other, and up to the last minute the issue was in doubt. On Saturday night the victors met a team composed of men picked from the other teams who took part in the recent competition, when the Irishmen were again victorious. BREAKING A RECORD.-A CUrious accident occurred at Koriot on Thursday, Mr Clarke, a blacksmith, had constructed a machine called a "home trainer," on which a bicycle could be fixed and worked at any speed without moving from the spot. On Yednesday a local cychlist was doing his best to make a record, and a young man named Edward Carter was standing near holding a watch, when one of the amin. iron wheels supporting the driving wvheel of the bicycle broke, and portion struck Carter on the bandd and then nearly cut through the iron of the roof. of the- blacksmith's shop. Carter had one of his fingers broken, SINGULa MlSCHANCE. - News hab been received in Sydney on Thursday from Tarago of a strange fatality to a girl named English. Whilst clearing a shelf she threw what appeared to be some empty cartridge-cases into the fire. Amongst them was a loaded cartridge, which explcded in the fire, the contents lodging itn the breast of the girl with fatal s-?t," ...- .. .. The gold yield of Queensland for April, was 72,125 oz., a decrease of agoo oz. The Flinders leaves Melbourne on Thursday afternoon, and this port early on Saturday morning, THE s.s. DERWENT leaves Melbourne next Wednesday evening at 6 o'clock, and this port for Melbourne via Warr. narubool on Friday morning early. Sir John Madden says that no figure as General Booth has arisen since the time of Moses. The average prire of horse hides in Victoria is Ss, but not one-tenth of the bides of horses that die are sent to Miarket. The Western district butter factories pay about £ 300 per year in stamp duty on receipts. At the Adelaide races on Saturday, Forest won the Goodwood Handicap, with Ranfurly second, and Dirk Ham. nerhand third. The press were not admitted to the South Brisbane court on Thursday during the trial of E. C. L. Wilson, charged with the murder of the boy Hill at Oxley. Till Thursday, no rabbits will be received at the freezing chambers in Melbourne, which are completely filled, pending the arrival of carrying steamers. Some 25,000 bank cheques are used every year by the butter factories in the W,'e.tern district to pay suppliers' mJk accounts. Gang Forward, the famous thorough bred stallion, imported by the late Sir Thomas Elder, was destroyed on Thrse. day. The prospecting expedition to the Otw'ay ranges arranged by the Terang prospecting Syndicate left Terang Ln Thursday. It has been decided by the Postal Department henceforth to pay a limited indemnity in the event of a registered letter being lost in transmission through the post. Sergeant-Major Algie, who was so severely injured at the military camp at Ballarat last year, has, we are glad to learn, so far recovered that he has re sumed his duty as Regimental Sergeant Major of the Mounted Rifles. The Dundas Shire Louncil on Thurs day dealt with the applications for the position of shire secretary. Over lao candidates entered the field, coming from all parts of the colony. The successful applicant was discovered in Mr C, Smith, of Hamilton. A terrible mining accident occurred at Safala, N.S.W., on Wednesday night. The roof of a tunnel caved in, and two miners, Alfred Dawson and Thomas Carpenter, were entombed. Both were dead when discovered. 