mmSmm PERSGNAt SOTES FHOM : LONDON {From our Special Correspondent.) - . London, May 12, 189?.;, Professor Rennie has finished his chemi cal and metallurgical research tour in Eng land, and on Wednesday next leaves Liver pool by the Majestic for New York. He hopes to spend some six or seven weeks, in the States, and to visit the principal centres of the iron and steel and chemical industries,, and will probably leave 'Frisco for Adelaide on July. 12 in the Mariposa. Whilst in England Dr. Rennie haB put in a large amount of travelling, and- be- sides visiting all the principal chemical and metallurgical works in and around the metrapolis spent some weeks in Man chester picking up information in the big iron, steel, and copper foundries of the neighborhood. He also spent a day or two in the city of many stinks, Runcorn to wit, .where, thanks to the impregnation of soil and air with chemical refuse, no green thing grows. The great iron and' steel works at Sheffield, of course, had a fair amount of the professor's attention, and later he -spent some time in Birmingham and the great centre of the mining and Emelting industry in South Wales, Car diff, and Swansea. He also spent , some weeks with the scientists of Oxford and Cambridge, visited Nobel's explosive works in Scotland, the oil works near Edinburgh, and sundry iron works at Glasgow. Of course Dr. Rennie mixed pleasure with business, and he confesses to having had a most enjoyable time since leaving Adelaide. He and Mrs. Rennie have met with the greatest hospitality everywhere, and the professor has been shown every at tention by scientific people here. Though he has known Mr. Alfred Stead for a long time. Dr. Cockburn had never met that amiable young man's famous parent until last Monday after noon, when, at the invitation of the editor of the 'Review of Reviews,' he called at Mowbray House to see the memorial which the Peace Crusaders com missioned their 'General' to take to St. Petersburg for the 'Little White Father's ' acceptance. Mr. W. H. Woodhead's appeal to the British public for capital to work the Einasleigh copper property met, as I pre dicted it would, witli great success, the directors on Wednesday having to arrange the allotment of 65,000 shares. A goodly proportion of the subscribers are, I under stand, British Broken Hill shareholders, a tact which speaks volumes for their faith in Mr. Woodhead's ability and in tegrity. Among the 20 score Scots who dined and wined at the Hotel Cecil last Saturday evening, under the presidency of the Duke of Atholl, to do honor to that gallant sol dier, Colonel Hector MacDonald, were your ex-Governor, Lord Kintore, and your present Agent-General, Dr. Cockburn. Both appeared to thoroughly enjoy the function, which was eminently Scotch, but neither appeared to be 'word perfect' in the song, 'Ho ro mo, Nighean Dhonn Boideach,' which the company sang after the duke had buckled the sword of honor upon 'Fighting Mac.' But they were thoroughly at home when the gallant colonel, having briefly replied, the company stood upon their chairs, and with a foot apiece upon the tablecloth — or the crockery, if it happened to be in the way —hailed the hero of Omdurman with 'Tie's a jolly good fellow.' Mr. Phillip Mennell, in the current 'Bri- tish Australasian,' says that the 'splendid affirmative vote given by the people of South Australia to the Federal issue ought to have an immense moral effect through out Australia,' and expresses the opinion that 'as Mr. Kingston has fought so eal lantly on behalf of this one Australian question of any real moment, one cannot imagine any, even of his political oppo nents, begrudging him the overwhelming majority by which liis continuance in office has been affirmed by the South Aus tralian electorate.' . There has' been considerable gorsip among South Australians in London con cerning Reuler's cablegram from Mel bourne, which made out that Mr. Playford is now 'in opposition' to the Kingston Go vernment. The majority refuse to believe that 'Honest Tom' has gong back on his old friends. The Rev. W. H. Fitchett had scarcely eet foot in London, whither he lias come to see through tlie press the proofs of his new book dealing with the Napoleonic wars with England, when he was 'nailed' by an enterprising 'Daily News' inter viewer, and persuaded to speak a few words about his 'deeds' and about Aus tralia in general. Mr. Fitchett, says the interviewer, 'is very modest over his great Imperialist work. He tries to con vey to one, with evident sincerity, that really anyone might have done the same had they hit. on the subject and treated it popularly.' Mr. Fitchett explained how the 'deeds' originated in a suggestion of Admiral Bridge's. Messrs. Smith & Elder, Mr. Fitchett's pub lishers, had treated him 'all through most generously and kindly.' Mr. Fitehett believed that he had been specially influenced in style by De Quin ces-, and then the conversation turned to Australian topics. Mr. Fitchett is likely to get into trouble abroad if he talks in this strain too loudly. 'The English stock is flavored with other white races; in Africa with the Dutch, in Canada with the 1'rench. In Australia we have escaped the over- spill of the cheap European races.' He was on safer ground when he antici pated that the Australian climate would make the Australians a nation of artists. He thought 'the Australian will become an Italianated Englishman,' evidently not agreeing in this respect witli the Eliza bethan writer, who declared that 'an Ttalianate Englishman is the devil incar nate.' Gambling1 he declared a scandal ?and a menace to the future, Tattersall's sweeps a curse, larrikinism to be decreas ing, and local option a failure. 'I believe,' he said, 'the one thing for us to aim at is the complete : elimination of private profits from the trade.' On the question of taxation, Mr. Fitchett said, 'You have rather spoiled us. Years ago; you lost the American colonies because you taxed their imports. Now you retain your Aus tralian colonies by suffering them to im pose a tax against your tax on rnlnnial wines, when the Australian colonies, main tain such heavy imposts on imports from England?' Mr. Fitchett wound up by a eulogy of Australia's 'enthusiastic loyalty.' As a member of the great beer-brewing firm of Truman, Hanbury, & Buxtori, your la te Governor is 4 p.arty to a very amusing . quarrel between mine hostess of the an this Ho'use- with' 4he : gxpejfiiQfi i ^WindSe ~$t 1 the top «toriey, I is ^i!ea*il£ ^-tiafr^'d^Sj&cnv; door as locked, :aiid .the-ientra^ce^at' ihte back Mg presided river: by a^JearluHotokiiigJ dog. \lnside $ie House are -Mrs. J84be';6a Mfller;- (the landlady), lier':liu|band, their ; son; jd%arman, and- some barmaids. They are tully : provisioned £ or ? a long siege. . The! reason : for all these warlike ' preparatipha ? hardly seems to' Jie Jn. a notice, which ialf fills one of the windows:1^- ' ::.' _.'- ' '.. . 'The house is closeS pending a settle ment of a dispute between the brewers, distillers, and the proprietress.'' '\\\ .'-.; The history df the causes which have led to the. present- armed refusal of the proprietress to be ejected is', somewhat as follows; — Mrs. Miller, the proprietress, re ceived two 'cautions' from the police, one of which was through a barmaid receiving a parcel, not knowing it to contain betting slips, from a bookmaker, wnq was con victed and fined. The other caution was administered because Mrs. Miller issued little coupons with each pot or pint of malt liquor, 50 of which entitled the purchaser to a gratuitous quartern of gin. The re sult of these two cautions was that at the last meeting of the licensing justices Mrs. Miller lost Tier license. Mrs. Miller, how ever, was given an opportunity to sell the place up to the 15th of this month. In the meantime the brewers gave notice that if she did not sell the place before April 20 they would call in their loan. The land lady, therefore, expresses her intention of not quitting the house unless properly re compensed, as certain alleged facts have since come to the knowledge of the licens ing magistrates, and she has now the op portunity of renewing her license. What, therefore, will harden on the 15th of this month no one seems to know, but Poplar expects a grand assault on the garrison, and will be grievously disappointed if mat ters are settled peaceably. On Wednesday evening the proprietors of the Oxford Music Hall entertained the Australian team. The hall was gaily decorated for the occasion, the three boxes set apart for the visitors being festooned with the Australian colors. All the team turned up, and Murdoch dropped in to share with them the reception accorded by a packed house. There are 29 turns in the Oxford programme, but this was not enough, and several additional artistes gave their services, among them Miss AJine Olney, who came on the stage dressed as an Australian volunteer, and sang 'Eng- land is the mother of Australia' amid tre mendous enthusiasm. Will Evans won, much applause for a topical song, into which he imported witty references to the achievements of the visitors at the Crystal Palace during the afternoon. The 'Old Firm' seems partial to litiga tion, which is certainly a very easy way of getting rid of any superfluous 'sugar' Messrs. Williamson & Musgrove. may get hold of by theatrical speculation. The other day 'the firm' were sued by a Mr. . Cordner to recover £150 for fees for act ing as a director of the company. The de fendants denied liability on the ground that the plaintiff was not qualified as a director, and put in a counter-claim against Mr. Cordner for a share in their losses on the production of the 'Scarlet Feather'- and 'Francillon.' In the event Mr. Cord ner won his suit, and Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove won theirs. But as the judge only 'gave judgment for Mr. Cordner for £137 10/ and costs, and awarded. the 'Old Firm' £240 and costs on the counter claim, the Australians got considerably the best of the deal. The dusky Australian veteran, 'Star- light,' assisted to amuse the patrons of the National Sporting Club on Monday night by indulging in a six-round contest with a Woolwich heavyweight named Jordan. The nigger had rather the best of height and reach, but after leading on points for three rounds went weak, and Jordan managed to get the verdict at the end of a moderate bout. 'Carnac Sahib,' the gorgeously-mounted Anglo-Indian play, which Beerbohm Tree anticipated would fill his cof fers to overflowing during the next few months iias, it seems, proved unpalatable to the pu-o-ue. Mi1. Jones's play, at any rate, is to be superseded on Saturday next by Haddon Chauibers's first dramatic success, 'Cap- tain Swift,' in which I understand Gene vieve Ward will play the part of Mrs. Seabrooke. Your old friend, G. S. Titheradge is now filling the role of the Abbe in the clever adaptation by Aubrey Boucicault and Os mond Shillingfordof 'Les Premieres Armes de Richelieu,' which was produced at the Court Theatre Ia6t January, and has now been transplanted to the Garrick. Mr. C. A. Cooper, of the 'Scotsman,' who recently made an -extensive tour of the Austral ias, is about to retire from the editorial chair. Mr. Cooper received his early training in Hull in the onice of the 'Hull Packet,' as did, curiously enough, Sir John Lang, the editor of another lead ing Scotch ]:aper, the 'Dundee Adver tiser.' In 1861 he removed to London to fill a post on the Parliamentary staff of the 'Morning Star,' .where he had as collea gues Mr. Justin McCarthy, M.P., and Sir E. R. Russell, now editor of the 'Liver- pool Daily Post.' In 1868 Mr. Alexander Russel, the great Whig editor of the north, offered him the post of assistant editor of the 'Scotsman,' which, under Mr. Rus set's direction, had already become a great power in the land. On Mr. Russel's death, for a few years he shared the direction of the paper with Mr. Robert Wallace, until in 1880 he assumed entire control. 'In Scotland,' says the 'Chronicle™ 'the 'Scotsman' is not so much a newspaper as an institution as rigid as Galvanism, or Burns's anniversary, and the vigor of its philippics against Home Rule and Dis establishment, repeated day by day with the greatest bitterness, and persistency, had, unquestionably, a strong influence ou public opinion i» Scotland. Mr. Findlay is spoken of as Mr. Cooper's successor.' Mr. Willie Walshe, who was one of the hapless band of vocalists who imagined that the National Opera Company would provide them with comfortable berths for quite a long time, but discovered very soon that the 'ghost' did not take kindly to pedestrian exercise, sailed on Saturday last for South Africa to fulfil a six months' engagement with the Rousby Opera Com- pany. Louis Becke has just published, through Mr. Fisher U'nwin, a further series of South Sea stories and sketches, under the title of 'Ridan, the Devil.' Like its prede cessors, the book is very readable, but the contents on the whole are not up to the standard of 'By Reef and Palm.' M.' Lempriere Pringle took the part of the King in the performance of Loheri grin' that opened the Covent Garden opera season on Monday night. 'He showed much dignity,' says the 'Times,'', 'and his firm voice told well, altbough'Jt was occasionally -sadly out of tune.':;;/ ;';..' Tlie Xondtfn. JSJjssiopary jSpciety MBgtf&toj;$ serie'B of , anniversary meetings J*^jf|jgi{f$|' ? :-' ?'?''?? '?? Wv''-:/.-- ? ' -#--!&Sl;§u| ^m^;^b^toi^JS(B';'CSim^^to1^1^«ag.. 'perhUJpB;-#e^0st.^3pdiQUa:i'.'^efr.''tii'gt«'' was .-?«-. v4-|Bp^jr-'jbf-v;G^e.''^^'^'iB&w;^h(!!; proportion iof Oinissioriaries ' $6 'poptitiXiorii1 Sentences Trepifced IJy the Sudienee; 'to iim press the, leading tacts ^tiiussionary wprlt o^theirjmind/.ajid lively Bongs to /march: tSne, taken up $y the thriing of juveniles With spirit. Exeter TBall wjll soon become: one' of the most popular, resorts Jbr -enter- ; taimnent, if its religious denlonstratibns .are to be copdiicted. oh such attractive '3iries;:~ '? -?;'' . '- ? ? .-.. .-.-:?.??? '???:.? '-.- ? ?'??'.?.; ?;'-. Fregqli, 'the lightning transforraist,' who nas; returned to Florence after, his ex tended tour, with, it is said, a ^cool mil lion; (francs) in his treasure chest, played, a nice little joke on his' wife a few days ago. Mrs. Fregoli is a charming little body,- but hard to please in the matter of servants; and had been chopping and changing almost every day for weeks past. One tine morning a sensible looking young woman, with an engaging manner, pre sented herself as a candidate for the Fre goli handrnaidenship, and - was promptly engaged.' Mrs. Fregoli was delighted with the fashion in which the girl did her work,: and thought she had found a real treasure. Soon after a note' was brought saying her husband would not be in until the after noon, as he was lunching with X- — . That evening he had not arrived when a mes sage came from the theatre asking where he .was, as he had failed to keep an ap pointment there. X ? , on being looked up, declared that he had never been near him all day. It was now getting- late, and almost time for the performance,- and still no Fregoli. By this time his wife was thoroughly alarmed, but was comforted by the soothing- words of the new maid. Finally the latter was ordered to go to the theatre to see if there was still no news. Before setting out the maid went up to Fregoli 's dressing-room . to 'make sure the master isn't there.' Mrs. Fregoli fol lowed her leisurely, and finding the dres sing-room door closed was about to open it. As she laid her hand oh the knob the door was Sung open, ? and there stood — Fregoli. The maid, had vanished into thin air, leaving behind her a nice new print dress and a really artistic wig. Australians are represented at the Inter national Exhibition of Impressionists at Knightsbridge this year, though sparingly. The somewhat gushing writer of the per sonal notes in the 'British Australasian' by the way has rather given away Messrs. Arthur Streeton and Bertram Mackennal. After mentioning the fact that Mr. Stree ton has a fine pastoral painting at the ndw English Art Club the writer goes on to say that Mi*. Streeton has sent 'Harvest, 'Hill and Cloud,' and a chalk design of 'Venus and Adonis,' and Mr. Mackennal the marble bust of Melba, which is autho ritatively described as 'an ideal effort in sculpturel portraiture,' to the Inter national Exhibition, 'where acceptanct means a very special compliment, since none but work of indisputable merit is ever shown there.' But, alas, the para graph proves somewhat premature, for neir ther the 'ideal effort' nor one of Mr. Streeton's pictures is to be discovered in the International! This, of course, does not mean that they were rejected ? because they didn't reach a sufficiently high standard. The members and guarantors of the society sent such a. number of their own ?works, in addition to those of European painters of established repute, that no doubt the pic tures of outsiders like the colonials were simply 'crowded out.' However, Mr. Mackennal is represented by one small marble relief, 'Good night,' a little girl kissing' her brother 'good night' on his brow. Mr. Rupert Bunny's 'Storm' is on the line in a conspicuous position. A tall slim girl, clad in a thin black and white striped print dres? and holding tight to her broad brimmed straw hat, is hurrying home across the sands from the rainstorm which is blackening the waters of the bay behind her. Mr. Bunny lias succeeded in painting a good portrait and a breezy bit of subsidiary landscape. The only other Australasian, Mr. George von Haast, shows a clever little watercolor sketch of a Scotchmen in bonnet and kilt seated in a chair reading a book. Mr. Arthur Studd is scarcely an Australasian, but the subjects of his pictures and pastels, South Sea Islanders, have a distinctly southern flavor.' In the Paris Salon, by the way, I hear the Australian contingent comes out well. Messrs. Bunny, Coats, Officer, Inim, ana Miss Dora Meeson all being represented. The last-named's portrait of her sister Ruth hangs just above the line. 