! WESLEYAN CHURCH SYNOD. The financial session of the Hobart District Synod was opened at 10 am. on Wednesday, 8th inst, w hen, in addition to mlnistcis present on lucsdav, the follow- ing gentlemen took part -Messrs W. M. Williams, lay trensurei of Foreign Mission rund; E. Hawson. C II. V. Marsh (Hobart), A. Thorp (New Town), K J. Wills, J. G. Bioivn (New Noifolk), and R Harvey (Port Cjgnet) The CIIAIKMAN (Rev. H. H. Teagrue) w elcomed the lav brethren, and remarked that we had had no burning question to 'discuss at the present time Tho property report was presented bj the Rev. E Nye B A., nndaftei consldeia lion adopted This teport showed that a new chuich had been elected at Sandfly at a cost of £114, mid a new parsonage at Franklin at a cost of £182 Various nu movements had been effected costing £173. The debt on all piopeitus in the district is £4,414, a demeure on the year of £102 Church accommodation isa, 103, an increabo of 150, and Sunda} school accommodation, 1,4)0 Tbc report of the loan fund showed that no Trust In this district wus ii) arrears All churches mc insured. . The grants made to the circuits were : Port Cygnet, £02/10/; New Norfolk, £27. . Membership returns gave 715, and the attendants on public worship numbered 4,737. Messrs. F. Hart, W. D. Peacock, and 0\. H. V. Marsh were elected lo the annual committees, and the Rev, B. W. Heath to the Conference Stationing Committee. The amounts raised for missions was £231. , The following resolution was carried : " This meeting hears with pleasure the satisfactory report received from the Methodist Ladies' Collecc at Launceston, and that the prospects for the year arc equally, good. It would also draw the attention of our people to the advantages of the institution us a home and us a means of education tor their daughters." The CHAIRMAN made reference to the Twentieth Century Fund, which he said would be inaugurated by the Rev. Wm. Williams, F.L.S., orgatilsinu secietary, about the middle of next year. \ After the customary votes of thanks the Synod closed. In the evening the members of the congregations .of,, the various , Wesleyun churches in und around Hobart met the members of the Financial District Synod In the 'Meehan¡es'-hall for a friendly cup of ten and chat. The heavy rain greatly interfered with the attendance ; neverthe- less, a happy hour was spent, followed by a devotional meeting, led by the Rev. II. H. Teague. The ministers of the Synod took part in the opening exeroisos, and the Synodal Address prepared hythe Chairman of the District was impressively lead by the Rev. B. W. Heath, as follows : REVIEW OF THE YJÍAR. Before coming to my subject proper, a brief reference to the work done in Tas- mania during the year will not be out of place. As you are aware, in the interests ofefliciency.the opei allons of the Wesleymi Methodist Church In this province are managed under three territorial divisions or districts,,each district having its own chairman, and holding its own yearly Synod. In addition to this, we have various Counexion.il Committees-Home Mission, Foreign Mission; Church Buildlug and Loan Fund, Privileges, etc. These committees are representative of the whole island ; they meet once u year, and on the eve of the annual Synods. 1 can only spe.ik oflicially of my own dis- trict ; but the facts and ligures relating to the other parts of the island are common property, and may very properly be grouped together, in this address. The work of the j car exhibits many en- couraging-developments. New churches have been built and dedicated for public ?worship at Sapdtlv, Wilmot, Mole Creek, and Island, respect! vely. A new parsonage has been .erected and occupied nt Frank- lin. A very complete ;,ulte of Sunday-school elliss rooms is going np at Patterson street, Launceston. This erection, which is to cost £1,000, and be opened free of debt, will make our Patterson-street pro- perty one of the most commodious and complete lu the colony. Plans hare been sanctioned for an elegant and capacious new church at Beaconsfield. New erection schemes are also to be pushed forward at Strahan, at Queenstown, and at Judbury. Additional Home missionaries ure like- wise to be employed almost Immediately. The contributions to Home and Foreign Missions, respectively, arc, in each case, in advance of last year. The work of our Launceston Ladies' College, under the able hcadmastcrship of the Rev. F. J. Nance, M.A., has been prosecuted daring the year with growing success. The merits und advantages of this admirable institution aro not so widely known and appreciated as they deserve to be. To say that it is one of the best educational establishments for girls in tile island, is to use the language of studied moderation' and soberness. It is conducted on a thoroughly non-scctariau and catholic basis, and our Church will be wanting in its duty to the community as well as to itself if it does not push its in- terests ¡u all the legitimate ways possible. In our own District and throughout the {irovlnce the general work of the Church las been zealously and faithfully carried forward. There have been no portents. Nothing sensational or startling lias been accomplished. But the tide has been steadily rising. In many places the spiritual life has been quickened and deepened. In most of our circuits there have been conversions. Our brethren on the West Coast have been in the midst of a very important soul-saving woik, nnd their message has been delivered to over- flowing, congregations. The evangelistic mission conducted in the Theatre Royiil In this city, in the month of July, under the auspices of the Council of the Churches,' and the more recent missionjjf tlieltuv. C. H. Yatman, in connection with tile local Y.M.C.A., have stimulated Chi istiails and made converts, and our Chin eli has shared in the blessing. Speaking gener- ally, thore ¡s'a perceptibly bettor tone in the religious life of our people today than there was a year ago. I The following are the general le turns for the Island -Chuiches, IIS , othci uicarh ing places 47 , parsonages ¿0 Church members I 67T , on trial 83 , Sunday schools, 09 , Sunday school teachers 778, Sunday school scholars 0 9JS, attendants on public worship, 17 783 lVtENrlt.ni CKNrUKY FUND I wish particularly to say a word to vou on the Twentieth Centuiy Thanksgiving Fund Hie mother Methodism m the old land, with its plucky and magnificent million guineas scheme has set a noble ex ample to the christian « orld Already the amount receiv ed or pioimscd has reached three quartms of a million and tlicie seems every reason to believe that the sum aimed at will be obtained Hie people verily have had a mind to give And the results of so spit ndid and chivalrous a lcadeiship have been very farreaohing Congrejiiftioiiallsts Baptists and others inspired bj the heroic liberality of a sister Church have shbwn u kindred faith and inapnaiilinity, and are undertaking thanksgiving funds of their own on a scale of the greatest munificence and courageousness And the Methodism of these Austiulasian lands is taking its cue from the Churches at Home, and will no doubt have a good account to give oflthelf a little further on New Zealand and New South Wales have both made a most inspiring commence ment. Never in the history of our beloved Church in the mother-colony has there been such enthusiasm displayed as was shown in Sydney a f e w months ago.oa the occasion of the inauguration of the Century Thanks giving Fund there 'And the churches belonging to the Victorian and Tasmania Conference, we may be sure, will show themselves worthy of thelrown honourable ti aditions and relations The Rev William Williams, FLS, on esteemed ex presi dent and In every sense of the word a picked man of oui Church has been ap pointed to the responsible position of oigimslng secretary He enters upon his one!oils task in a few months fiom now, and will be much in evidence on both sides of the Sti nits foi one or tw o ycai s at least Ile must have the fullest suppoit from poor and rich from old and joiinc alike Uns must be the crow oin« financial and spiritual eliott of ourchuich to date We must attempt no middle flight The incubu» of debt bj w Inch some of oui most important councxional institutions und eiiteiprises have been hampered and even jeopiudiscd must bo swept for ever out of the w ay If our {treat destiny as a Church is to be successfully achieved in these lands, we must acquire the free and un trammelled hand which immunity from crushing monetary burdens secures I «m not without hope that the lUbilltl . now on our church and parsonage proper- ties in Tasmania-about t'8,000 In all- will he paid off by tho thanksgiving effort. They ought to bo. Our people have the money. But vvo aro no1 froim.' 'o le forgetful of'our connexlonal obligations. Tile committee In Launceston tue» other day thought that Tasmania should raise at -least ten thousand guineas by Its century effort. I believe it vvill do tli.it mid mote. II. Havlmr dwelt, I am afiaid at * too great length, upon mattersof almost purely local interest, I desire now, in the time re- maining to nie, to address you on what may bo culled "The Mission of Method- ism." I am aware thatsuch a topiels a large order, and that it cannot be exhaustively dealt with undei our pre-ent space limits. It ls>, however, on tho face of it, a subject of tho greatest practical ¡mpoitiiucc, and one upon which I am sure you will readily hear a summarised word. METHODIST ONKNKSS.' , , And remember that Methodism, the world over, Is one. In spite of diveixeiicles in minor matters of polity, there is tile most pcrfcet agreement in doctrine und purpose. Weare not divided, * , All ono bndy wo , Olio in faith und dootrlnu, " \ " '- One tn charity. It Is moreover matter for sincere Tejoieing that the "federation sentiment which lins for some years been in existence, is bearing such good fruit. The union that has taken Glace lu Canada between the various ranches of the great Methodist family, and with results so remarkably gratifying and satisfactory, is in course of being ac compll-hed in Australia, New Zealand, and »Tasmania; and there are the best of reasons for believing the experiment will bo crowned with genuine suet ess. Theie will, of course, be diuieullies That has been foiesceu. But these will, no doubt, give way before a spirit of mutual concession and forbe irance. , In New Zealand already all the Methodist communions have united but One. All the Methodists have united in Queensland, and the prospects of our Church ih that large and flourishing colony are full of brightness and hope. A complete union of all the MethodisiusIsariaiiRcd to ' akeeffect in South Australia and West Australia in January of the coming year. The union of all the Methodist denominations In Victoria and Tasmania has been definitely fixed for the year 1902, and local and tenta- tive federations are in several instances already established. New South Wales, though slow to move, is gradually sur- rendering to the common Impulse, and there is over reasonable ground for believ- ing that euily in the twentieth century the gi eat Methodist Chut eli throughout Australasia will be organically and doc trinally one. RESULTS ACHIEVED THUS FAB. Thequestion whetherthegreat Methodist Church has a mission at 'ill in the world does not need labouring. What has been achieved in the past is suggestive of the Íiosslbilitics contained in the futuic. A ew figures may serve to remind us of where we are. It is just 100 years ago that John Wesley organised the first class meet- ing. Then the Anglican Church was the dominant church of the Anglo-Saxon peoples, was overwhelmingly preponder- ant. To-day, even in the nome land-in England and Wales-she provides sitting accommodation in her churches for nearly a million persons less than are provided for by the Evangelical Free Churches. Her Sunday-school teachers are likewise 175,000 less, and her Sunday-school scholars 875,000. And in this enormously rapid development of Free Churcliism the Methodists hold a foremost place. But if we take a wide range, and Include in our purview world figures, we shall find that whereas An- glican communicants number 3,213,422, those of the Methodist churches number hetweeu 7,000.000 and 8,000,000. The fltruies for -Methodists, Baptists, Presbyterlaiib, and Congregalionalists , conjointly (for communicants, not adherents-tliere are 30,000,000 Methodist adherents alone) leach the largo total of 17,098,784. Rela- tively, our position in'Australasia is not so strong as it is in America, though better than It Is lu Great Britain. But if our work out here be weighed, and compared on a percentage of adherents' basis, we shall be found to stund very well indeed. llIDMCAL SCHOLARSHIP. The Methodist Church h.is duties and responsibilities in the field of Biblical scholarship. During the earlier years of our history the needs were less clamant than they ure to-day. The age was not critical. Education, generally, was In a very backward condition. Ita candidate for the preucliing oflice could claim the three qualifications ol "gifts," "graces," " fruits," that Is to any, it he possessed Intellectual improvability in alliance with the faculty of ready and appropriate speech, and had approved himself its a man of God, and had ali early been useful in the strengthen- ing of Christians, and lu the conversion of souls, if he possessed these pre-rcquisitcs (still of supreme value), he was accepted aiid sent im o the itinerant vvoik. It was hardly possible for such men to do oi ¡ginal work, and to become pathfinders in Biblical learning. Not. thal early and middle Methodism attached slender importance to such matters, nor that we had no «chalars or thenlngivs of onr" own. \Ve had both. Men like LY. Adam Clarke and Joseph Benson, like Richard Watson and Dr. Etheridge, would have been ornaments to any Church, and to any ministiy. Now, however, a marked change has anived. The aire is critical and scbolaily. The educational .standards set for the present-day pulpit are far in ad- vance of formel times. The rapid ^ growth of Methodism has likewise* Îiluced her in tlie very forefront of listone IV-fu! inn'¡on Churches. But there Is ever} indication Hint we shall he fully equal to the growing demand;* of the times. Steps arc being taken to secure a thoroughly trained mlnislrv. Our Divinity professors are also men of deep piety and ripe :scholarship,"and capable of grappling with the new critical questions relating to tile Holy Scriptures -it first bund. The names of men like the late Dr. W. F. Moulton-for years the fast friend and felluvv- worker of such devout and scholarly divines as Drs. Westcott, and Hort, mid Milligan-and of ¡¡vii^ pro- fessors like Beet and Davison, and Banks, aiid Findlay, and ßugden, ure insplringly reassuring. MATTKHS POLITICAL. Our Church has a mission in matters political. But we must distinguish be- tween things that ditter. We must also refuse to be drawn Hside from our own lofty ideals j>f u Church's functions hy tlje importunity or the'unger of''those that me I without. As a i ulc. w o'should havei.othing I to''do vvitli wh.it is known'uspuily politics. In ouï Church capacity, ive exist tor other purposes. To depart from this sound principle would be to introduce discord into the House of Got!. In every congi e gation you will lind persons equally, in- telligent and conscientious taking op- posite sides on the political onestioiis of the hour. Where political issues in- volve the imperilling of moral interests, the Church may, and should, speak out, but not ' else." That, however, does not cover the whole case. Wc have a right to enunciate the ethical principles that should govern In political life. Wo have a right to say that men of bad life arc not fit persons to frame the laws of a State. We nave a right to tell our people from the pulpit that it is just as^uiuch the duty of electors to take their full share in the selection and nomination of candidates for Patiiauient, anti to do their duty con- scientiously and fearlessly at the polling booth, as it Is for them to go to church and partake of the Holy Supper, It is the plain duty of our own, and of. all the Churches, to help in. the direction of creating a purer and healthier political atmosphere, and of purging*our howies of, legislature of men whose first consideration is self-interest, and to whom purity, truth, righteousness, honour, patriotism invo-no existence but In name. DUTV TO THE YOUNG. Wo have a mission to the young. This obligation did not escape the attention of John Wesley himself, and when the Sunday-school movement was born-u movement in which Methodism Itself had a hand-It was not long in Unding a con- genial standing-ground and home among the churches of which he himself had been the founder. The Methodist Church of to- day returns au army of Sunday- school scholars numbering nearly 7,000,000. And we must go on as we have begun. There must be no relaxation of eflort. Rather must we seek to do better work, better in organisation and discipline, better In intel- lectual and Biblical complexion and range, better in soul-saving purpose and efficacy. But this Is only a part of the duty we owe to the children. There are dozens of ways in which they may be thought of and influenced and helped. Especially mus the home care have a foromos.t place. That is the supremely important thing. It is'vcry desirable alho that children of the Free Churches should obtain a thoroughly reliable grounding* in the history of English Nonconformity. The popular handbook required has yet to be written, unfortunately. The history of religion in England, from the Anglican and High Anglican sides, has been ex- hibited in very appetising forms. Wo must render a hiinilar service to our own children. The late J. R, Green has told us that "the vv hole history of English pio gress since the Restoration, on its moral and spiritual sides, has been the history of Puritanism." Our children and young people should be shown how. Skcat's' History of the Free Churches has high value of its own. SOCIAL QUESTIONS. Methodism lias a mission in relation to soolal questions. The three giant vices of intemperance, impurity, and gambling still I) tunt themselves in the sieht of heaven, still .' tyrannise their hour,"still dishonour God, and debase and ruin mankind. Against these pestilential und Imbrutiug evils the churches must wage unceasing war. They are a menace at once to Chrlstt aultv mid to civilisation. Tasmania lus inncli to answer for in lier wicked and uni Uhteous legalisation of TattorsaH's. This, you will tell me, vvns the work' of legislators, and not of the people. Yes, but If. the ethical standards of Unpeople had liceii higher, .¿io Government would have dared to do" what has been done. The Methodist Church must take her stand imainst this mid every species of social wickedness, and by dlvect ami overt attack, by leeislativo enact- ment, and by the slower but surer methods Of example ,ntid teaching, she must con- tend, anti v\irncss, mid live until victory crowns the right. THE I'KOI'LE'S CHURCH. Methodism has a mission to the people to the multitude-and therefore to the labouring classes and. the poor. Our Church speaks to " nil) sorts and eondi tiqns of men," really. We number among our members and adhérents merchants, professional men, authois, judges. Minis- ters' of the Crown, scholars, scientists. Thei legnunt President, of the United State's of America is a Methodist. But it is not among these that the .sphere of our influence is greatest, ileretotore it lins been our bo'ast that we liavo had a special message from God for the people, that between ourselves and the people there have been pot cully operating affinities, and that it has been from among the people -thepersons who constitute the backbone of the community-that our converts and supporter/s have been drawn. This must be our glorying still. Do not let us delude ourselves with the tilca that we have got beyond this stage, and that work of Hie kind that Wesley did. and that the blessed Master Himself di,d and would be Hie first to do again if Ho were here with us to day-let us not brook the ¡dca for a moment that work so Important and honourable as this may now be left to the Salvation Anny, or to some similar organisation. That would he to prove traitorous to our vocation. 'I bat would be to forswear the Ineffable Redeemer whose headship we adoringly own. THE FOHWA1ID MOVEMENT. 'But the splendid results achieved by our Chutch at home and in the colonies in con- nection with the Forward Movement fui uish the. fullest proof, if such vv«re needed, that our "distinctive mission is not likely to be overlooked. Superfine and fastidi- ous persons, out of fear for what they con- ceive to be Methodism's imperilled respect- ability, ' may hero and there lift up their hands in deprecation anti horror; but to such timid und temporising counsellors no heed will be given. The essence of vulgarity does not resido in the sphere In which a person labours, but in the spirit lu which his work Is done. Besides, God loves the poor and the outcast no less truly thun 'He does tho rich ,nud tho friended. The work of Hugh Price Hughes and Peter Thompson in West and East London, of Mr. Collier, In Manchester, and Mr. Chadwick in Leeds, of Mr. Taylor in Sydney, and Mr. Hdgarin Melbourne, isas noble and Chrlstllkc In its character as any- thing the Methodist Chutch hasevcrdone, and in its moral Influence will be still more extensively beneficial. Our circuit and ordinary work, though patterned differ- ently, should possess the same splendid enthusiasm and enterprise, the same business-like directness and purposeful ness, the samo burning love for the bodies mid souls of men. After all, it is the Christianity with tho helping hand, and the sympathetic and generous heart -which stoops to tho rescue of the lowest-which sees . In the most aban- doned and far-gone a brother or a sister whom Jesus died to save, and re- fuses to despair of their uplifting and reclamation - that is the kind of Christianity in which the people will believe, and to which the largest conquests will come. True Christianity is brother liness, graciousness, compassion, long suffering, helpfulness. Without that, whatcver accessories It may have, it falls utterly and hopelessly. ' THE PROTESTANT IDEA. ' Methodism, again, stands for the Pro- testant idea. To its heart's core it is loyal to the fundamental principles and tenets of the Reformation. It has no desire to cultivate other than the most friendly relations with Christians of every name. It recognises with gratitude to God the devout lives and tho apostolic labours of many who have wrought under the Roman and High Anglican banners. It holds, nevertheless, that any ecclesiastical system that interposes an order of priestly intermediaries between the human soul and its Saviour, robs the Gospel of its glorious freedom, maims and fetters the truth, and does a huge dis-service to the Christianity of tho New Testament. It holds that the Protestant conception and the sacerdotal are fundamentally irre concilable. It regards itself, therefore, as under the most solemn obligation to champion and defend the one, and strenu- ously and fearlessly to oppose the other. TO BE AGGRESSIVE. [The Methodist Church is also dominated by the Imperial idea. It is aggressive, expansive, consumed by a great world hunger. It is true to the genius of its great founder, whose flaming and Catholic soul claimed the world for his parish. Pro- bably, in a fuller sense than any of its com- peers, it will be found to be the church of the English- speaking peoples. It is cer- tainly the largest Protestant English-speak- ing Church in the world. It represents, likewise, some of the most characteristic features of tho British nation. The British are adventurous, aggressive, acquisitive, and have found a footing and a sphere in every quarter of the globe. The Methodists have done the same. Tho British genius for organisation, and ordered and settled rule, has shown itself in every corner of the world in which tho national flag has been unfurled. The Methodist genius for effective organisa- tion and rule has -been similarly ex- hibited. In some things we have antici- pated and set the example to the State. Australasian Wesleyan Methodism has been governed by a federal parliament (the General Confeicnce) for more than 20 years. We are being copied now ! Seriously, my friends, ours has been, and must still continue to be, an aggressive Church. , So long as there are regions buyoud unprovided with the ordinances of the Christian Gospel, so long as there are souls that do no1 own the sway of Jesus Christ our blessed Saviour and Lord, so long will it bo the duty of Methodists to bo aggressive evangelists. IN CONCLUSION. But it is time I closed. There wcie many other things that I wanted to say to von. Ile sure of this, that the Church with which we' have the honour to be identified has bcfoie it, if faithful, a great and shilling future. He, sure also that Methodism does notoxistrforits own sake. We have been called of God the Holy Ghost ; we have been led and prospered by a sei les of remarkable providences : we have been multiplied and made a bless- ing to millions : we have attained to the advantageous ecclesiastical posi- tion which wo this day occupy, not that we may be vain or boastful, nor that we may relax our labours and settle down into a condition of inglorious case, but rather that with simplicity and godly .sincerity, and with zeal and devotedncss a huiidiudfold multiplied, we may go forward upon our Divinely ordered mis- sion of uplifting and saving men. And, brethren, I charge -jou, in conclu- sion, to remember two things : that the highest successes can only De achieved 1\. By holiness of character and life on the part of those who do the Church's work. 2\. By the abiding presence in the Church of the life and power of God the Holy Ghost. "Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsover things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report ; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things." The service closed by a solemn celebra- tion of the Lord'3 Supper. 