OUR PARIS LETTER Feoju Otra Ow.t Comiesfondhot. Paws. May 37. Mrs. Malaprop says that for a lastitiglikinjr it in best to commence with a, littlo aversion. That appears to bo realised in tho cnee of tho Hague Conference. It grows -slowly in favour ; it has outlived much prejudice, and vanquished lttatiy miigivings. liven tho Frenuh, who koep coy on- tho subject, com- tnonoe to perootyn rhat tho-. congress can lessen. many of the inhumanities of war; tbey ' note that political eapital.eun bo made also. Thus Britain and tho United States buy ing adapted tbo primiplo . of. arbitration for tho settlement of quarrels— illustrating it by oxiimpio in' ; their .own enso— . could , welt attract and lead t nil tlia secondary States. Public opinion would be on their side, and that is tho con trolling factor in politioal transactions, for tho disputant that has it not on liis aide— as in tho oase of a striko— may at once throw up tho sponge. Tho wish is generally expressed thut the confetoneo will nut draw out its. exi-tenco to any great length, that it will agree to eortain leading lines, and leave to an effcetivo and permanent commission the duty of regulating detail. There cun he_ no millen nium police to ' oxsonto I tbo, decisions of tho Universal Pcaoe Court. ' That role must devolve upon a steadily cultivated andk 'pt- up-tp-dnte publio opiniou. The conferunco inust base its Btnrtiug point from the inven tory of tho world as it is. There is a vast ma.-s of political brushwood to remove', to allow the scheme to work its wuy upwards. It was only fabulous Greece that could turn cut Mincrvas from' the' head of .Tupitor. Another week's patience, and tho verdict of the Conrt of Appeal will bo known. A strango hold tho suojbst must huvo.hud upon many. Oi lato several persons on thoir deathbed expressed tlicir rcgrot not to bo ablo to know the desision beforo they died. How ever, for six w eeks u Mount Pisgah glunce of tho end was very visible. Opinion, save in tho ease of involved interests, is quite pre pared for a judgment in favour of Dreyfns. There is not u particle of ovidonco to justify any accusation of guilt. Uncertainty exists us to whothor 'lio cuttrt will vuto that bo be rctriod by a frc.-h court-martial. That would be a lame ana impotent conclusion, and would not whitewash the compromised general stuff. Nor would tbo natii in consent to bo racked and divided for another 18 months, to ar'rivo ut exactly the same situation us now exists. There is no newbvidenoo forthcoming ; any more ntuck- rakiug is out of pluce and useless. The publio has now clearly separated tho army from tbo guilty 'staff. There is no cnpital to bo exploited in" that strategic cry. The" danger is now that the sldo of tho winning Drvyiuwirds will huvo their revenge on theatrenrs who took part in the persecution of Dreyfus and bis friends. The latter at first wore u email1 party, not uioro than 15. Now they.arp a nation. So certain- is jtistico mid truth to ho victorious in tno end. The idea prevails that, after the acquittal of Dreyfus, the Govern- meat will step in'and de'oliiro :thc disputc: closed'. Ono fs'et connect-d with the perse cution is overlooked — that tho honour of sus taining tho demand for a" fair trial for tho unhappy Dreyfus royerts.to tho fuir sex, and to tho then few humble p-riodionls tbey com manded. Their weekly subscriptions of hulf a lrane up to one franc, heralded tlio current of opinion and iudicutcd tho course of its flow. Major Marohand-will require to keep a very cool head if he d sires to remain green in the hearts of his countrymen. The Bonlangistssnd tho enemies of the existing constitution intend to run him for the peopib: ' The major has not politically committed .himself. Compelled on the di round of the British', to quit. Fnshoda after a fortnight's residence, thus winding-up wua not his fault. Ho was tho instrument of tlio lust intrigtto to embroil Ilia country with Ehgland, which tho latter exploded by serving a notice on Franco to quit, or to fight. Tho l'ronch are ..frob to discover what consolation they please in that unpalatable event, at which thc'i world may either applaud or — smile. Tire African travels of the' .major were greatly aided? by tho labours of preceding explorers." Ho worked his WJiv well aci oss tho Buht'-el Ghuznl. . Therein lay his success. Hud he been ablo to exeeuto his mission pf burring .-.out the British on the Nile, his countrymen could rejoice. The Negus, after wurmly welcoming Major Murcliuhd. after bis hardships, and his — sorrows perhaps, quietly resumed the delineation of tho buunduries of bis empire with the Anglo-Egyptiiin authorities, con ceded rquul trading rights in his realm ta Britain, and then inquired about the progress of tbe railway to ICassala from the British resident di) lumut ist. Tho French journals havo boen very eulo gistic of Queen Victoria and hor life of four score years. She has during her reign been the friend of ovcry" country in tho univorso. and naturally tho admiration for her character is universal. A longer spell of life is ardently tvi 1 for lier— and so sav all of us The Brit'sb colony of Paris observed the Queon's Birthday , with eve'ty mark of loyalty and affection. The religious service, specially organised, was well attended, auil tuc official world of Franco and thaf of diplomacy mustered strong. The British Ambassador and Lady Monsbn worthily sus tained tho honours of the day by giving u re st sneecssful ball to 1.500 guests, every thing being in tbo best English stylo. Kvory uotHbility. was present. But from tho oponing to tho close of the ball the ruin was inco-snnt utid torrential ; tlio windows of heaven wore opened and the 'fountains of the great deep broken up, in tho opinion of many. As tho morning broke, optimists coinmoncod to ' look -for tho j bow in tba clonds. Somo delicate patriots objeetod' to. the onrds of invitation being printed in English instead of in French. Her Majesty's Lord . Chamberlain when "he next is<ucs invitations to do so in Fronoh. Or the French Ambassador at London, when he gives h ball, could get up his cards m Anglo- Saxon, tho lungnngo of rot. ms having fioo.ono.ooil inhabitants. A ball-reception like that, just successfully given by Lady Monsott would bo tho best way to keep the anniversary of tho Queen's birth and empire day for tho future. v Sarah Bernliardt'u Humloh was a surprise and a writable success.. Till now., the only Hamlot tho French knew was that created by. Monnet- Sully.- He represents. the prittoo as a miiu of intermittent und. terrible energy.. The grand Sarah , presents '. him iqs a sort of . child lod by disordered nerves. That. Eii its a feminine 'tcmperamont best. Tho suenory is loo gorgeous; that of Elsinoro Custlo und tho ccmolory ure goms of art,. Will auy - manager ever givo a Hamlet as it was given in tho poet's time, and with the humblo acoessorie.1 of tbo Globn Theatre ? Everyone has his own idea of what the mysterious character of Hamlet ought to be, just itH every philosopher has his idea ahout tho world. ' Tho ghost, scene was sitiisfaotory , so was thut with Ophelia. " To bo or not to bo " wns tamely rendered, and " the play to tiutoh the cdnrcience of the king" rather infantile. Hamlot's dialogue with his mother and tho irravediggi'r'a scene had nothing .reinarkahlo in them. The speech to tho players was highly relished. Many approved of the grappling" with Laertes, but in somo way you felt unconsoi usly in tho environment that a woman hold the foil. Tho applause was unanimous, und the conelit-lon undeniable thut Suruh had reaped fresh laurels. Bnt the " Dame mix Caincllua " wid bring in heavier receipts than "Hamlet." , During one of tbointorlndes M. Mcndos, tho poet, and Vanor. tlio critic, were warmly discussing tho physique of Hamlot. It waxed warm'; Vuuor maintained that Hnnilot was very thin and aatbmniio, &o;, Momies, who appears to bo asthmatic, took tho allusion to himself, and slapped his opponent's fuco ; . blows followod, and later in tho morning a dttcl was air.ingod. Mendcs was wonnded in the abdomen, futility it was bolioved at first, lint tho patient is pulling through. His wife remaiiiod in an open carnage under tho trees, 100 yards away, uud was a spectator of tho fight. At Dijon, where President Loubet nindo his first official visit, to inaugurate a statue to the lute II. Curn'ut, he steuek two keynotes that havo' boon very well received by the country— namely, that there is no disunion in lite army, which is tho outcome of the nation and which duly returns theroro after finishing its service. Tho second note was to impress upon Franco that it wss in tho field of cummorco tho battles of the future must taho place. Tho weafhor is very disheartening nod depressing. It is next to murderous fur aged persons, who expected spring in May ami find winter to ho still dominant. In tho course of three to five days, the firipno docs its work. The French doctors officially recognise no less than five sorts of influenza... Poor Ko-a Bonheur was afflicted with "two — sho is 77— as she was preparing to come to tho' Paris Salon, from her property at By, near Fontaineblou. Five doctors left Paris to proscribe for hor. Tho Brussels Chamber of Commerce con cluded that ono of its body wits not amcrohant. but a salaried spy in tho employment of- tho l-'rench War Office. Unable to eject hint, they resinned collociivelv. Tho French Miuister appears to have said the uccu«cd bad secret, dneunients of a very compromising character. Ho sent, it nppi-nrs, a crown oi il nveis to' bo placed on tho gravo of tho forger and suicide. Colonel Henry. A jury of honour was impanelled and acquitted the suspected member. Tho Dreyfus gangrene is in the affair. Tho Opera Cotrnqus, in the erection of whieh so many millions have been expended, docs not give satisfaction. Tho ltouso will'be closed for throe months to ullnw of tho necos- snry alterations being made in tho stage and tho orchestra. Its great drawback consists in not. having its frotitugo oh tho boulevards. The Municipal Council and tho Prefect of Pclico are hot. agreed abont. tho organisation of tho polico for tho Exhibition : tho city has contributed handsomely to the show, end to expect it to contrilmto an extra three milli ms of franca for the police was not. to bo thought of. Tltc State will not he bled, and it is hazardous to .draw on tho expected receipts. A very good bull -fighting business is being done at. Roubaix. a manufac turing city of 130,000 inhabitants, some short distance from I ills. Tlio baiting is conveniently situated to suit English, German, and Belgian visitors, of whi m there worn recently about 5,000 in tlio wcll-fib'd nrem of l'i.000 spectators. Six bulls were killed, tlie picador wounded, utid tbe- matador, from .cpain, as warmly np-. platided for bis dexterity in despatching the hulls us if he was in Seville. Roubaix is along way north from tlio south of Franco, where the authorities hesitato to supprc-s tho cruelty. The iubabitanta.boaat that tho. slaughtering " sof'ens manners, and fills the coffers of Ihe lonal charities." And only think, tho butchery will not he toiorated in Paris ! Thill, violates all tho rqivihtios. The Government is afraid to apply tho law at Roubaix ulso. Is tlio posinvn's strike over? Tho Bonate struck out of the budget the grant of 3,000,11110 francs, voted by tho deputies, to increase the salaries of the letter-carriers. Tlio estimates having conic back to the deputies, tbo latter havo reinstated tlio 3.000,000 francs By rejecting the grant tlio senators prnv k- d the strike. Will like caso liko rule follow? It worrios tho postmen, who uru sullen. 