.— >4^ The Haunted Hut. Founded on Fact. By OH'RIS. DATIIj. (Written for the “Evening Observer.”) WUl Wnrldgh find myself had been out shooting all the afternoon, and when the evening shadows began to hide the scenery from our eyes, and the birds had ceased calling, wc gathered to getlicr some wood and lit a fire. From a wator'hoie near by wc filled the “ billy,” and as the roaring (lames sprang tip wo pulled a log over near the tire and sat. down for a rest and to en joy the warmth, for the night air was chilly. The water was soon boiled, and I made some tea while Will got ready some bread and potted meat and jam that we had brought with us. After tea. I made up the fire, piling a few big sticks on—for there was plenty of dead wood lying about where we had camped—and then we stretch, <1 our selves out. comfortably. We hud been reclining at ease for ten minimis, per haps, and had not spoken. It was t.uo monotonous. 1 thought, for neither of us had complained of weariness, so turn ing to Will I said : “ Will, old man, tel! me a yarn. Some tiling about your old bush days, if you C'"'Well." he replied, slowly turning to wards me, "I feel alnust too lazy to talk, and 1 could ha ok in front of tins tire all night without moving. like a eat. Kut. 1 will try and spin you a-yarn of my droving days if it will interest J ” Fire ahead," I answered. " That's just the sort of a yarn to interest me.” fie cleared his throat, pti.-hcd a piece of wood further into the tiro with his fold, and then began : “ Ms about Ion years ago now, and I remember it as well as if it wins only' yesterday. I was droving a small limb of cattle, and my mate not being Quite ready when I started 1 decided to go without him, leaving him io catch np to me on the morrow. It was a cloudy sky all day, ami when towards night ilieo it commenced to rain I was not at all surprised. I put on my oilskin when it first started to come down, but it was miserable Titling in the rain. How ever, ,ve drovers are nceiislomed to take tiling's pretty pliiicsojtli'eally, and with my pipe turned upside down I rode be hind the eat tie. patiently waiting till I reached the camping ground for the night—i'or.-.v three miles further on. My way •there, however, just cut through the turner of a run, and ahead of me I r-v.uy through the misty rain a hut looming into view, with a good yard at ttid’ie.-L Here wits a line place, 1 thought, to stop till the morning. The place reemnd gloomy enough as I rode up, and l shuddered'a little as I thought of tin; story associated with it.” •* What was it V” 1 asked, interrupting II “ d’.i, some tiushman had murdered ins mate there, ami il was said that tlie gin,-st of the murdered man walked the ‘’im nee. I had often heard tile place called flic - Haunted Hut,' and no one would titire to stop there, 1 was cold .ami hungry, however, ami not given to tfoiief of .superstitions, so 1 yarded my cattle ami made myself snug inside the hut. It vims twilight, and i knew the light wouldn’t last more than a Quarter of an hour, so I hurried myself and got some wood, most of it damp and wet, anti after a great deal of trouble got a tire burning as it grew dark. I soon made gome tea, and had a feed, and tie u I lit my pipe and lay on the lloor in front or the dying fire, my head and shoulders resting against my saddle. 1 felt ton lazy to go out for more wood just then, and resolved to leave it till the morning. But on .second thoughts i called myself a lazy blockhead, be er,use if 1 left il till the morning 1 would most likely get no lire at all. for rite wood would be too wet. .So 1 heaved a sigh, got un and wont outside, and pre eenlly came back with a big armful of wet wood. This 1 threw down beside the fireplace—such as it was—and then, putting some more on the 'tire, which was nearly burnt out, 1 once more re clined lazily on the floor. “ I p;*>:ie 1 must liavc dozed off over my pips, fur (.he next thing 1 knew was lJiat I had awakened from my sleep, and that the lire was gone out save for a few red embers that slowed-fitfully among the ashes. I could hour the rain outside still pouring dowi*. and that in dolent feeling that we all sometimes ex perience came over me as I lay with my head resting against the saddle. I closed my eyes again. "When I next opened them, a minute, or two after, I became conscious of two 1ie.ry eyes glaring at me from the Side of the fireplace. It was very dark inside, and 1 confess that L felt, scared. They seemed so uneauuy ; and a mourn ful cry, caused by the wind blowing fiercely through the roof where a shingle or two had come off, made me feel cold and clammy all oYer. "Presently, as I watidied the two eyes, and thought all the while of the Tmrraered man, tlicy disappeared, hut only to reappear again a moment or two afterwards^ I felt fascinated, and could not take’my eyes off those shining orbs. Then they moved again, and I saw something white close lo the eyes. I felt 1 must move, or cry out, or do something. Slowly and with quaking limbs I arose, hesitated for a minute, and then advanced towards the eyes. When X was a little closer, and after I had stood up, I noticed that the eyes seemed quite near the floor. Mechani cally my mind began to conjecture how the ghost's eyes could be there unless ! he was laying on the floor in an un natural position, when a pirons ' M-i- j a-o-w-ow’ greeted me. “My fright disappeared like magic, and I burst into a laugh. ‘Puss, puss, puss,’ I cried. ‘Pome mi. pussy.’ and I bent down and held out my liarnl. A big white cat came towards me. mew .ing as it walked, and the next moment J was stroking its soft. fur. “ Well,” I thought lo myself as I re-, pleni.shed the lire with a bit of paper and some wood about live minutes af terwards. ‘ well, the ghost is laid now. I was a fool to lie had like that.’ But, you know,” he added, looking me in the pyes-. •• Hie bravest of men feel afraid sometimes when they are alone, though . they may be brave enough when they 'have company, oven though their com pany be. cowardly. '• Next morning, after I had had break fast. a man rode up as 1 was just going to get my cattle on the way again, and said : ‘ Hallo ! are you droving for Mr. Kennedy ?’ ‘ Yes,’ I answered. ‘ Where did you camp last night ?’ he asked. ‘In J pPgffQ'-prL pointing to Ulfi XnU. Dick, and the dressmaker had looked in Just then. Tlie dressmaker never found out hes mistake. The bodice-hand came to see her one day and told her that Misa Sands was bavins a new dress made, and that she had gone oft frightfully. “ She has no figure at all now," said the bodice-hand. “ All skin and bone." “Isn’t she married yet.?” asked the dressmaker. “ Not likely. Who’d want to marry her ? For all her money since she’s been ill she’s no more nor less than a scarecrow.” She glanced approvingly at herself in the mirror, which reflected n figure with a squeezed-in waist, and a face with a good-natured turned-up nose, and eyes almost too small to see In the ignorance of her heart the little dressmaker smiled. She wondered what had become of Dick Smith, x-" “ Perhaps she was fooling him too,” she thought Then some unaccountable fccLitig made her sigh. “ Foor thing,” she said. " Perhaps she didn’t love him cither."—“.Weekly. Telegraph." / 