re `Iit'would be almost impossible to discover W any- one more entirely, devoid .of supersti tiori tlian myself. \- But when I was seventeen years old an. event happened which caused me to believe min'e a haunted life, b. I was staying at Paris in the house of my guardian, Mr Charles, and dressing for my ti first ball at the English embassy. My dress, a triumph of Parisian:taste, had. been. fastened, and I stood before the glass a while the maid arranged the flowers in re my- hair. . t Asplendid bouquet lay besidebmyngloves and fan on- the table. . - nowAh,o mademoiselle is beautiful: I'Jus- a tine exclaimed in French, as ashe: .tepped' hack to survey- her work. : I blushed with pleasure. It was the first compliment:that: -had been .Ipaid me, and my glass told me. that it. war true. r i'. wonder who sent me these flowers: I I said,' taking up the bouquet preparatory to leaving the room. I:'Mademoiselle will doubtless discover her admirer: among her partners to-night,' was d tlie reply, At tthis moment there was a knock at the A telegram was handed to me. 'Mirs Northcote is dangerously, ill, anid iwishes to see her step-daughter before. she dies. ' Startled, dismayed, but beyond all measure a vexed at receiving such an untimely mes :sage, I: dropped the paper tpon the floor. C ~ Bring me a railway guide-quick !' I 8 said, to Justine. Mrs'Northcoteo was my stepmother, but we a badi never met. 'f My/father had married in India, taking a half-caste for his. second wife, and when h., diediheleft to his widow, for her life, the old 1 family estate at Crowsnest, to which he had ' only jiist succeeded. I found by the railway guide that if I changed my dress with speed I could catch I the last train that night from Paris. By noon, next day I should reach Dashire, I in which Orowsnest is situated. 1 ' Justine,' I cried, excitedly, ' bring .my travelling dress. You must go with me to night to. England. ' "Mon Dieu, mademoiselle l.would you take offEthat ravishing dress that suits you to such I marvel. SWould you give up the ball:t 'Once more I looked it my reflection in the glass, then took up the tilne-table again. ..At nine o'clock next morning :there' was another train. IMeditatively I raisedi:the bouquet,.to my,: face ' Who- was it said : ' The woman who hesitntes is?lost ?" The sweet perfume. of :thie .iflowers per meated my senses. ,Who had sent them:to me ? Curiosity prevailed,;. '' r, I' would go to the ball: and; solve: the. mystery. W:Mr and. Mrs Charles were wait 'for me \- hen.l went down.. I'isaid nothing about the telegram'?. S:-W.e entered the coupe a ud sr? aat:eoa e The ball was a~ rilliant 'one iand?: 1 was .quite intoxicated: with the a·dulation'. Ire ceived., • . - ' 'The new debutante- Fwas on eveeyl?ios° The nightwas half over beforeII.even:re neinbered that I had not diacovered:the sen derof my beautiful bouqunet, 'Of what were you thinking so pro :foundly, Miss Northcote t' asked a gentle main m a way that made me start. On returning from the ball I told my kind host and hostess of the telegram, and my de termination to start for England on the a morrow. :':You might have saved a few. hours, my. Sdear,' she said, 'Only a few. And then I' might have missed-the most. delightful experience? of my Slife,' I answered fervently. ' ' But it-was a case of life and death, omy child,' she added gently 1'answered nothing, for I felt her words Swere a reproof. My trunks were soon packed by Justine, who was:to accompany me. - r- My guardian also insisted on acc6mpanying me, and late the next night we were driven Salong the dark country: roads to Qrowsnest. 'A stately -lousekeeper met us in the hall. r Miss Northcote, you come too late,' she said severely. ' My dear mistreess died' three re hours ago. If you had left Paris sooner.you would have tbeon in timne. My lady had a communication to make to you.' 'What was itV' I asked;. 'That no one will ever know in. t ?i aworld' was the answer. I was much distressed,,and ~omehow?wifeltd that Mrs Stevens was amy enemy' .. 1 My guardian remained till+' afer thei: I funeral. . Then, in vain he-urgiedm me to''rturn to Paris. I wished to remiain a few weeks longer in the old hous, now my.own... -. ...-.. . - With the exception of one bedroom, a de Sscription of Orowsnest is not necessary to the development of my tale, but to describe that:is imperative. It was long and large and.the walls were panlled with cedar wood. On the panels hung framed tapestry pic tures,, the work :6f past generations of. the Northcotes. ' TPhe ceiling of cedar, with curiously carved rafters, made the walls look even lower than they were. A time mellowed square of Indian carpet covered the centre of the floor on which stood the bed, raised on a dais. n There wero two windows, that nearest the bed a bay with diamond panes, the hangings Ssimilar to those .of the bed, of rich brocade with pink satin linings. On the side of the window nearest the bed was fixed a modern gas bracket, which struck me as a strange anomaly amid antique sur. Sroundings. It was in this chamber my stepmother died but not being superstitious I decided to oc , cupy it myself. SNo sooner, had my guardianlett Crowanest I than Itold Mrs Stevena to- have th? cedar cb?aiber prepared for me, ,... Slie looked troubled;. and urged various ill reasons. against my occupying it; none of, fc which appeared to have any weight. \- At last she said 'It was Mrs Northcote's wish that that it room should not be used, She died in-it.' 'And do you suppose I am so foolish as to I be afraid to sleep there on that account ? 'It is not my province to suppose anything j( Miss Northcote. If you had seen my late fi mistress before she died she would have given you her reasons herself. As it is--' ' As it is. Mrs Stevens, I am mistress here, ,l and have set my heart on that particular room. 'Have it prepared, please, as I wish a to-occupy it at once. .But as she turned away I caught a particu- s lar look on her face which perplexed'as much ' as it annoyed me. ' My belongings- were promptly removed into the coveted room, Justinhe occupying: ii a small room adjoining, but- to which there was no communication. . I The first night- in my new quarters was close and oppressive, and I remember waking g to find the scent of the cedar wood rather overpowering. .About midnight 1 rose. t Threading my way across the floor- with. "difficulty, for the room was almost in. total" darkness, I opened the nearest window. , The next night, before Justine left me, 1 s desired, her not to turn the gas out: - 1 Three nights later I again woke with a sense of languor and oppression. " The gas beside the window gave out a dim light; beyond it a faint moonbeam slanted: across the room in which lay the' shadbw of a pear tree that grew close to the house.. I could trace the shadow of the pear tree that. grew close to the house, I could trace the shadow of the branches and the leaves, and watched: them as they 'flickered, stirred by the night wind: Keeping my eyes open in a half .sleepy manner, all at once I became, conscious of seeing something else beside the moonlight 1 and the gaslight-something that' seen~gd to be between- the two. [ It was faint and indistinct, certairly, but a none the less.it resembled a female form; The head appeared to rest on the hand, the hair with a ruddy gleam on it floated: back on the' shoulders. The rest of the figure was' lost:indarkness. I. was sufficiently awake to l'know it was- no' freak of fancy, and yet the' figure was alto e gether so faintly defined and vague in detail' that before long I fell' asleep and: the next. morning remembered ias a dream only, , The succeeding. night, •however, I againl a awoke, and on opening my. eyes beheld the self-same figure. a: But-this time it :was more clearly visible, especially the face, which,.turnedltoward me, 1 saw to be that of a very hbeautiful woman, . Moreover, to my ounspeakable dismay, I discovered in it a resemblance to my step nmother, whom I had seeu once only, as she. r- lay.:i her cofl . The sight was the more distressing to me inasmuch-as the face wore an expression- of sadireproach.: And the spirit of my father's e :wife:retuined ,to earth.to upbraid.me for not o6beying the summons -to her. dying bed 1 o ; Invain I closed.my eyes. ::Whenever• I opened them I saw the sweet, reproachful face : and- it was' not- until the a ummper. morning-- dawned. -that-it,-euntirely disappeared and I arose from: my bed sad and. tired after the night's vigil., . Twice more theovisitation came. After that, for two or. three:" weeks, the 'i visits ceased. -..?-?.: . Then they were once;more resumed. e- Before I had beenltwo- months at 'Crows \- nest all my vaunted-courage fled; a nd though I had.spoke of what I had seen to no' one, 0o yet 1 was sensitively conscious; that Mrs SStevens saw somefhing -was iamiss- Wiith me. I was morbidly fearful that she had a sus d picion of the cause. S I was sure of this when she said one morn e ing-not by any means unkindly 'Justine tells me you have not slept well, 'y Miss Northcote. Do- you?niot findthe cedar 'chamber comfortable-V. - e ' Yes,.perfectly. 1 would not change it f6r 'I anything,' I replied.. : : .:Jomfortable with:that:haunting presence.a y I hope-I shall be forgiveni for the- subterfuge, As to Justine, she was continually-urging me .to quit the place, attributing my depression tothe climate,.to the dull life I led; to any-. Sthing rather than to the' real cause. But at length her persistency and my guardian's beseeching letters prevailed, and I n returned once more to Paris,. t. There Irenewed my acquaintance with Mr II. Weston. It was impossible to 'be bliiid- to be his intentions. e Eveiy word and looli:told 'e 'th.t i loved mei, and the day came;wbiend hiasked :?me to ..To. his evident surprise, and to: my:. inex d- pressible sorrow, I refdsed to marry: him. C?ould I. join a.haunted ;life to that: of. the man I loved with all my-soul: 1? - True, I had had. no, -isitation from the beautiful, reproachful facesiiee I. left, dear Orowsuest.; but might itonot!:return- at~i any to our - Oh, why had lmy stepi'mother cast~- this in blight upon my life! a::r it sucha ?hei'liiiius n crimeiaot~to have. gone in .time-to :seerher "die .. to Suddenly' I became possessed with: a be strange longing to re-visit Crowanest, to- ees again the weird' apparition that had -:exer Scised so subtle an influence on my life. - With the" persistent waywardness of, a c- spoiled child; I inseisted on going home; " I e insisted also that no one bnt Justine should accompany me. d My guardian yielded to my wishesand I n went. . But not once more-during my monith's at visit did I see-the haunting.face. : >d I believed that my peraecutiongwaasa?:,lati ended, eo On my return to Paris Mr Weston ienewed gs his offer and I accepted him. - le A few months of married, happinessd effec tually dispersed the cloud that had: over 3d shadowed me. - k My mind-warped and weakened-as it had r. been by giving way.to morbid fancies-gained tone and vigor daily by associating, with my 3d husband's, which was eminently matteriof faict c. and practical.' SIt was, therefore, without theslighteat fore at [boding of evil that we set out:for- Iashire to i spend the summer months at Crowsnesti. : Guy was much p aaed-with th8qd~o~iib ~ i above all with the cedar chamber, which I found prepared for us. It was late at night whqn we arrived, and there was no time to alter the arrange ments. Besides, there was no need, for I believed T had: outlived my fears. Both Guy and 1 were tired after our long journey, and on retiring to rest we soon fell fast asleep. Toward morning I woke. A stream of moonlight flooded the cham. ,ber. As of old the shadow of the pear tree lay along the floor,. flickering in the night wind. .1 watched it for a while, and then this shadow being closely associated in my mind with something else-I looked towards the bay window and could scarce suppress a cry. There, in the old place, bqtween the gas. light and the moonlight, apieared-the face. ' Guy,' I whispered, trembling, ' awake ! I'm so frightened.' ' What is it,Ninat Have you seen-a ghost 4 he asked lightly. ' Hush ! Look there! Raising himself upon his elbow he glanced toward the window. :' Why, there is a woman in the room! he exclaimed in consternation. :eThen, after a moment he continued slowly arid deliberately, as. though reading by a bad N' N, it is only an illusion-bunt what an illusion. I seem.to see a beautiful woman, her hbad turned this way, supported by her hand. Her auburn hair hangs about her shoulders. It is-a very handsome face, but sad. ' Stay ! What would you dol I asked, as he made a quick movement forward. 'Dispel the illusion, dear. 'Oh, Guy ! Unheeding he went to the window and shook the curtain. ' May all ghostly visitants be as easily dis c persed,' hes aid laughing, as: the figure quiv ered, swayed, became distorted, then in a moment vanished. 'What was it'1 ' I will produce it and you shall see.' He let the curtain fall loose, and it took e its old folds and creases. There sure enough .she was again. ' And is this what scared you on your. first visit here I' turning:to me suddenly as though a new light had broke on him. S Yes,- I thought it was the spirit of my step mother. I imagined the likeness, of course. Then between laughter add.: tears, I made: na full confession of all my superstitious e folly. Next morning we closely questioned Mrs. Stevens. She expressed her belief that the cedar chamber was haunted, and that the communi cation her mistress had to make to me was to that effect. Le We read of strange results brought about by the juxtaposition of: certain heavenly bodies, Here was an instance most unique in its way, in which a heavenly body-the moon aided by such commonplace materials asa gas bracket and an old silk curtain, produned as perfect a specimen of a beautiful female ghost as ever visited our world. • . . 