I A shasokatj!.:__: ghost story is to hand trout the Clyde iu the shape of a narrative,' published- by the 'Glasgow IVccidy Zlcil, whis has a steam -£Cht for its iocale. Cunouslr enough, tho name of the yacht is cot giren; but ? this does not detract from the thrilling ) and uncanny-character of the occur rence- as narrated by oar veracious contemporary. . Some time -ago, vre 1 read, the yacht in question vrjia I anchored in. Rothesay x>s.r, Tviien one j jof the haiids was drowned at that \ j cold, eerie hour known as -'the tarn j lo* the night." The skipper r,!-u j dxy. [L'.io iiiud Trho h::d wrought i r.iong with cbe man had taken aactLc-r ! 3:luation. Jukz z. night or so after j they joined the tssssl thsr were \ startled in their bunks by hearing seven distinct kncjks in the forecastle. Thej' looked cut, examined the yacht, and finding nothing to aecountfor the "weird sonnds wera myatified. Ths knocking continued; ihea after a while it stopped, but iron the sensa tional incident, for which they were the only too persons an board, they sat up and wondered wsai the sou/nds couid have been. A night or two afterwards two gentleman were c;i board at the honr when the rar>piug and rattling among the pot 3 com menced, and one of thera ' shooted orer to where the skipper and engineer were resting, ""Were you knocking, captain ?" The yacht was ordered by its owner to sail'to the Kyles, where it is used every day by a gentlema-n and his party. Tae two men are left on board at night. The other night at 12.15 the knocking begaa, and, to their horror, the lid of a pot was flung at them, and struck the ladder .between their beds. '" In the name of God,-what are you?" shrieked the captain. ' : Speak, I say ' speak 1 If you want anything, make a sign ?" That instant the noises caased. The lid of tho pot, it is sr.id, could not have fallen off, :-.s it v/as on the "sot whan seen last. 2vext morning the sounds commenced at the same hoar, and lasted the usual time, till after 1 o'clock. The noise*- resembled a poker being bit on a gr.ita, and then the sounds of bare feet hurrying along the deck overhead. Thera were no traces of rats on board. The two men, thinking that the '" spook " might -be concerned about soma belongings, j searched the yacht throagh. and | through, but came upon tioithe? i ) or;ey nor anything efne. The captain ; c snid to be a sea,<n:vn ,of proved i ? i:i?urage, n life ;ibstniner, a reguiar ' churchgoer wiien at hiiajf, and not j i'jperstiiiou.', ? ' j The widows and orphans t)f those colonials who fall on the battlefield in ,the. Transvaal will-bo granted allow ances* " 