BIFTINGS. TI?a unemployed question is again cropping up in Sydney It will continue to crop up-not only in Sydney.. but oelswhero-until the present inverted order of civilization is corrected. That, however, is no big a' cntract and endangers so many vested interests that not one politician in a hundred has the courage to even propose a beginning. If a man is dying from the effeots of foul air it is no good to put a porous plaster on his chest. The thing to do is to got rid of the foul air and not bother about plasters. Vo cannot, however, remedy in the twinkling of an eye an evil that is hoary with cen turies of age, and something must be done to give some temporary aid to the victims of our wrong way of doing things. In this connection relief work in various forms is almost the only thing suggested, and this, too, by those who iodmit that in ninecases out of ten this work is a humbug. Would it not bo luuch better for the Government to immediately proceed with some of the undertakings for which sanction has booeen obtained, and which do not come under the category of relief work at all? If there are a thousand able-bodied men who need work does it not stand to reason that it would be a hun dred times more sensible to employ them in con. structing a railway likely to prove remunerative than to let them waste their energies in cleaning park railings and hbifting sand ? Our present course is semewbat akin to that of the owner of a property who busied himself in polishing the knobs of his doors instead of mending leaky roofs, or who frittered monoy away by painting in wateroolours on hib tanki instead of devoting his energies to pro viding a water supply to serve him in dry seasons The worst of it is that Government departments usually proceed so leisurely that it requires some thing of the nature of a powder explosion to hasten them. Surely it is possible for some of the highly paid seniors, who would make the colony ring with their complaints if they were kept waiting a month for their salaries, to be impressed with the fact that there are hundreds of men, many with wives and families, who are waiting anxiously for an uppor. tunity to earn a few pounds, and that it is necessary to act promptly. Mr. Edwards, whose letter we print in another column, amplifies a suggestion we made a short time since and w3hich has long been in the minds of local residents, viz., that thl Wollondilly should he dammed in order to provide a good stretch of water near the city. We are inclined to think that more than one weir would be required. The first thing todo is to obtain some reliable estimate of cost, and not from an oflicer of the Public Works Departmout. Messrs. Cotton and Ray mond, two members of Parliament, are at present engaged in connection with the construotion of a weir at Forbes. If we are rightly informed the work will be done for less than £500, though the departmental estimato was three or four times that sum. It would he a great advantage if it could he shown that some revenue would be derivable from thn expenditure. Possibly a not inconsider able amount could be obtained from beat licenses, and water could also be sold for irrigation purposes Mr Edwards is of the opuolnn that the work could he done oheaply, and it ,hat could bo proved it would of cni?re greatly incrense our obhnles of Government aid There can be no two opinions that Goulburn would be greatly benefited by the work. Our lack of pie. tnresequ surroundings and pleasant resorts is a great handicap to us is in many wayr, and our Codtneil thrdugh being hampered by need of funds can do but little to make good by art the do ficicneies of nature. The Albury Daily News in quoting some recent remarks of ours touching the wisdom, from sundry standpoints, of selecolingi a site for the ?ederal capital which is climatically suitable, and not one shggestive of a baker's oven, says : " In the matter of common sense and sound reasoning the foregoing isnot to be challenged, but there is a painful lack of fulness of detail about the final sentence quoted which might be calculated to mislead those who do not know Goulburn. 'The Goulburn climate is.admittedly bracing.' It certainly is. In just the same way as Albury-likewioe Hay-is 'admittedly hot' at times. Some people may teo hot, but that is merely a matter of personal tasto. Anyway, Goulburn's climate is so' bracing' that if a stranger survives the frosts he is tolerably certain to be cut off prematurely by the fogs which are on hand mostly all the time. And it is better to be killed off promptly ' with neatness and despatch' by the heat than to die a lingering death of phthisis and other pulmonary affections. Also, the betting is about ten to one that five persons are cut off in the springtime of their careers by Goulburn'a ' bracing climate' for one that goes under to the alleged excessive heat of Albury." Our Albury friend must have got some of his ideas of Goulburn from a bhasty perusal of Nansen's "Farthest North" or Lieutenant Paary's descriptions of the regions of perpetual snow. Nobody dies here from the effects of frost, neither strangers nor native born. Such frosts as we get simply cause a pleasurable thrill, a more rapid circulation of the blood, a tense of exhilaration that causes one to burst into spontaneous carols. Strangers coming into town when the delicate rime silvers the trees and malkes oven the prosaic kerbings beautiful rub their hands with unwonted enthusiasm and proclaim the City of the South a fairies' paradise. As for fogs, they can occasionally be seen at early morn in the far-off valleys of the Cookbondoon ranges, slowly turning their snowy breasts to the rising sun and dissipating, even as one watches them, in wisps and films of irrideecent cloud that disappear like ghosts into the scrub. But nobody, not even those in the "springtime of their career," dreams that these occasional mists are deadly The best proof of the bracing character of the climate is a glance at the people who live in it. Such sturdy limbs; such rosy, chubby faces; such numbers of octogenarians, and such agility and playfulness amongst them; such appetites! None of your washed-out rags of humanity, such as come here from the federal west to recuperate and end up by building a house for themselves and becoming permanent ratepayers. No, in Goulburn, even in the hottest weather, one can sleep o' nights, and to be bitten by a mosquito more than twice or three times in a season is an event worth chronicling in the newspaper. The best way to prevent Goulburn from being selected as a suitable place is to keep the federal authorities from visiting and learning about the place ; the best way of ensuring that Albury shall iot be chosen is to make them spend a week there in that part of the year which is " admittedly hot." " What's the good of a stove to me F" said an Albury resident to a metropolitan ironmonger who was pushing business; " I always grill my steak on the verandah roof!" 