om A "TROOPER'S" TALE OF THE FIFTIES. , By W.W. ; BOBBING THE DEAD. As a "mounted trooper"" of the earlier digging days I met -with many strange aud tragical experiences, and the one I am about to relate stands out distinctly iu my memory, perhaps because tne wretched actor in it had been an old schoolmate of my own. It was in '55, and I was stationed at the then flourishing though ephemeral diggings known as Kangaroo Flat. It was a rowdy place while it lasted, but there were a few quiet and hard work ing fueu tl»cre, of course; one of these I had got pretty friendly with, he be ing about my own age, and a sharer in many ways of my tastes and habits. The name of this young chap was Hardress Devon, and he lived alone in a tent on his own claim. The claim was the very last on the lead, aud as the diggers preferred camping nearer the stores and shanties, there was not another tent within a considerable dis tance. One evening as lie was coming from tlie store he dealt at, Devon called at the little police station. I well remem ber his appearance pn that occasion, and every word almost that he said, for it was the last time J ever saw the poor fellow alive. He was a well-built 'and handsome young chap, but with a quiet sadness, so to speak, in the curve of his lips that long experience lias since taught me to recognise as the assured expression of an early death. No such thoughts wore with me on thai evening, however; as Devon came in, and seat ing himself quietly on my form told me his news. "My hard times are nearly over, Bray," ho sahl, with a smile; "another week will take the heart out of my claim." "Aud then':" I questioned. "And then I'll go back to my wife," lie said softly. "Your wife, man? I never knew you had one!" "I never talk much about what is near my heart," lie said. "I left her in Melbourne six months ago, and now I shall go back, 1 tbank God, not with an empty pocket." "It is true, tlieu, that you have been getting gold all this quiet time, Devon?" "It is quite true, though I did not know that anyone guessed it. I have never, sold an ounce of the gold on the Flat." "I've heard some of the men say that you must be getting gold, or you would not have stuck to the claim so long; aud others have said your claim was a shic-cr, and that you never had a shilling to spend." He laughed pleasantly. "They were right, Bray. I never had a shilling to spend in the shanties. I kept my shil lings for my darling. And I'll be glad to get back to civilised life. Bray, for this is telling on me unfavorably." "You don't feci well, Devon':" "No, I got strong heart palpitations aud pain very often, but I know what it is— the pick and shovel work is too muc-h for me." "Well, I'm glad you will goon get rid of it, Devon, but I'll miss you, all the same." "Yes," be said wistfully, as he rose to go, but keeping his fine eyes for a mo ment on my face, "we always miss something in this world, Bray, and al ways shall, I guess, until we have passed the River." "And then, Devon?" "And then, all will be well. Though, if we are allowed to remember earth and its troubles there, I should never rest if my wife should not get the jjold I have toiled for." "Oh, she will get it right enough, lad! Don't be morbid." "I'm not, but I feel the uncertainly of life, Bray. If I die you will see that she gets it, friend?" "I promise you, I will see that she does." "I will tell you where it is. One of the posts of my bunk — tlie head one at the back— is loose. " Pull it up and you will Had the gold in the hole." "A11 right!" I returned, laughingly, "see lhat I don't stick to it, if 1 get the chance!" "I will see, I'm sure of it!" lie cried, with a sudden and almost a tierce ener gy. "If any man was to rob me when I was dead, I should haunt that man till death punished him!" "Well, you won't haunt me, old man, for I shan't give you the chance!" ««i'in not afraid of you. There is my wife's. 'address, Bray. Should there be iieed, break It to her asgently as yoa can." . 'With the bit of paper, on wliich he had with a pencil written his. wife's address," .In my hand, I stood for a .moment and watched him walking quickly toward his tent. There "was nothing in his bearing to suggest the invalid; his step was light and iirin, his whole air that of a man full of life and hope. I remember to this day that I. half envied Devon, his fortune -won, and before him the pleasure of sharing it with the wife he so deariy loved. On the next day duty took me to Cas- tlemaine, and on my return I passed a swagmnn. It was within a short distance of the Flat, and within view of Devon's tent. Swagmen were plenty t in those days, and I was riding past jquickly, but I did notice that the man was young, and looked very tired and 6habby. I noticed, too, that Devon's tent door was open, and wondered, for it was early in the after- noon, and not an hour that he would be likely to leave his claim. My time for the following hour was occupied in attending to my horse s wants and to my own. There had been the promise of another man at the police station (or camp, as it was then called), hut he had not arrived; aud 1 had my own cooking to attend to. My dinner was not eaten when 1 was summoned to I the front by a knock. 1 was not surprised to see standing at ! the door the swagmau I had passed on the track. It was no unusual thing for a man to stop and ask the way, or lor a match, but it was an unusual thing for anyone to stare at, me as this man was doing. , "What the matter?" I asked shortly, 'is there anything queer about me that you stare in Hint, way?" "I'm wondering," he returned, ' is it possible that you are Ned Bray, of Tres- liam?" "That is my name, certainly, and I was born at Treshnm." "Don't you know me?" He took off his worn felt, and from out of a bush of whiskers and hair looked ine in the fact. There was something in the man's eyes I seemed to be familiar with, hut I could not locate the owner of tbe.ni. " am Dave Tabsons, your old school mate." - "Good heavens, you are changed, I said, "it is only six years since I saw you, and if you had not named yourself i should never have recognised you." "It's greatly ar matter of dress," he said, "and I've been working pretty hard for little, lately. But 1 bad no idea who 1 should find iu a mounted man's uni form when I came to give some infor mation to the police." "Information?" "Yes. Just after you passed mo a while ago, 1 decided to camp and boil the billy. 1 had the fire all ready when I found that I hadn't a match that would strike, so 1 went up to a tent by itself, whore the door was open." "Yes," I said, though my heart was beating hard with a strange fear. 'The man was speaking of Devon's tent, what information was he going to give me?" . "I called out, 'Are you in, mate?' but there was no answer, so 1 went a little forward aud looked in." "For God sake go on," I urged. "What did vou see?" "I saw a 'man lying dead on tlie floor, was the prompt, reply. "I went to try and lift him, but lie's stiff; niust have been dead a. good while, I should say." "Gome back with me," I say, as I got my cap aud went towards Devon's tent. "Until that moment I didn't know how fond I had been of the poor fellow. I felt as if 1 was going to see the corpse rof a brother, and the swagman noticed my agitation. "Did yon know him?"' he asked. "Yes; intimately. He was in the camp talking to me about his affairs last even ing, on his way from the store." My companion looked at me sharply 1 thought, but just then we reached the tent and I entered. It was too tine; there lay poor Devon by tho side of his trunk, and from ttfe position in which he lay I. formed the opinion ihat, feeling his illness, he had attempted to secure or change tlie position of his "plant" One hand was stretched stiffly towards the back post of the trunk of which he had siioben to me, and the (Soil around the post seemed to hare been disturbed not very lately. While I had been satisfying myself that Devon was really dead, Dave Par sons liad stood at the door watching me. "Will you go down to the camp, and get us a hanimar and nails you will find on a shelf in the back kitchen?" I asked of F arsons. "I must make a thorough examination of the tent before I nail it up and go to report the case." Parsons turned quickly to do as I had said, and I made nse of the opportunity I had made to search for poor Devon's gold. I fonnd the leg of the trunk loose, as lie had told me it was, and I easily pulled -it up, hut in the hole from which I had lifted it I found nothing. What could he have done with the gold so soon after, as it were, giving it into my charge? It might have been that he had changed its position, and intended to notify me of the fact tlie next day. Still, that was very unlikely in the face of his forbodlngs of sudden d.eath. I had no doubt that my poor frieud had died of heart disease, and the inquest on his remains held shortly alter confirmed the fact. Dave Parsons had never borne the best of characters in his native place, but neither had he ever been accused of more than an inclination to a self- indulgence and laziness that led him Into undesir able cofnpan. There will always be & tie of some kind between old school mates, especially when tfae wide sea rolls between them and 'the place of their birth. At all events," seeing that Par sons was hard up, I-a6ked hi mto stop at 'the camp with me for a few days, and, indeed, suggested that if lie was sup plied with a miner's right be could not do better than take up Hardress Devon's claim. "There's only about a week's work in it," I said; "the poor fellow told me so last night. But Devon got gold- in the claim, and if you don't take it up some one else will." "He got gold in it, did he? What did he do with the gold?" "That I do not know," I replied, cau tiously. "But it's the very strangest fact that the poor fellow spoke last night of being robbed when he was dead." "What did he say?" "I can tell you his very words — 'if any man was to rob me ywhen I am dead I should haunt that man till death pun ished him.' Those were poor Devon's very words." "He must have been a fool." Parsons said, disrespectfully, "who believes that the dead have guy power. When the breath is once out of a man he's done for." "Tlie body is done for, I grant yon.; but what do we know of the spirit or its power? That spirits have re-appeared to guard or warn no man can doubt." "One man .can, at any rate," Parsons said doggedly, as he rose. "I've »got a miners right, and I'll go aud take up the claim as you advise." The body linving been removed to the only public on the flat to awnit the ar rival of the coroner, I, in conjunction with another mounted man, who had been sent to help me, pulled down poor Devon's tent, and literally rooted up its floor and surroundings without discover ing p speck of gold. In default of any other way of accounting for its being missing I began to wonder if Devon could possibly have transmitted it to his wife by some safe hand encountered after my last, interview with him. As the only way to find out I wrote the whole details to a police frieDd who was at the time stationed in Melbourne, and asked him to visit Mrs Devon, break the sad news to her, and inquire about the gold. Having done so much. I felt relieved when the arrival of tlie coroner per mitted the formalities of the inquest and the burial of my poor friend on the second day after the finding of the body. Parsons was now working in Devon's late claim, and begged the dead man's tent, which, being of little value, I gave liim, and be erected it not veiy far from the spot on which it had stood before, but rather nearer to the mouth of the shaft. Some days passed, And Parsons came to the camp occasionally in the evening, as he passed to and fro from store or butchers. I was not long in finding out tlie secret of liis seedinesf-he was ad dicted to drink. He had c-oniided to me that he was getting a little gold, but tlie amount be confessed to was not one-half of what I soon discovered him to be spending on drink, bottles of which ho took to the tent to indulge In privately. And the effects of his heavy potations soon began to tell on the miserable be ing. His face was puffed and pallid.his hands trembling. That lie was able to , worry at all I began to doubt, and to satisfy inuself went to the claim one day and looked down it. Dave was in a sitting posture at the bottom, appa rently sound asleep, and when I shook a handful of sand over him to arouse him he started up with a shriek of ter ror that might have- been emitted by a man in the jaws of a tiger. The shaft was about twenty feet deep, and bottomed on rock. A drive had been put In, and the claim worked from it, at the entrance of this drive Tax-sons had been seated, and when he rose and emitted the cry I have mentioned I saw from the awful white face and terrible eyes that the man was suffering from delirium tremens. "Do you want to kill yourself sleeping down there?" I asked. "Come up out of that, and get to bed if you want to sleep." He managed to climb up, using the steps cut for the purpose, and holding by the windlass rope which I liad fas tened; but it was a dangerous proceed ing, for his hands were almost helpless, and I was fearful of every moment see ing him lose liis hold and fall, to be killed by contact with the stone at the bot tom". "Did you say sleep?" he asked, glar ing at me wildly when he had staggered to a place ofafety away from the shaft. "There is no place else 1 can sleep except down there." Why?" "Because he follows me everywhere, day and night; but tbe sbnft beats him! There's no l'oom for him down there." "Who are you talking about?" I asked as calmly as I could, for strange suspi cions were unfolding in my mind. "About your pal, the dead man! He's got. it into his head that I robbed him of his gold, and he's haunting me day and niglit! Oh, you needn't deny it; it was you that told me he would come back to lok for his gold." "Devon said he would haunt anyone that roblxed him dead; but how can he be haunting you— an innocent man?" \- "Living men sometimes make mistakes, don't they?" he asked, cunningly; "and why shouldn't dead ones? At nil events, there he is now, glaring at me as if I had his gold in my pocket." While he was speaking the wretched man was drawing back from a spot at .which he wop goring with terrified eyes, though there was nothing there but tbe warm sun restitng on a patch of gra8 : '1 spoke to him as soothingly as I eould to" get him into The tent. ' : "You've got a touch of sunstroke, Par- sons, and are fancying things. There's 1 nothing or nobody within seeing distance of us. Come on into tlie tent, aud lie down for a bit." "He'll foHow "me there!" "No, he won't; I'll see to that. Why, Dave, did anyone ever hear of a ghost appearing in broad daylight?" At length he permitted me to lead him away, more, I think, to get rid of the fancied spirit he was so terrified of than anything else. I got him to lie down under a promise of remaining with him if he tried to sleep, but managed to send for a doctor without him missing me, as he lay muttering aud fighting imaginary opponents on his bnnk. The medical verdict was just what I expected. "This is not the first attack he's had of D.T., I suspect, and it will go hard with him. I'll go and by and get someone up to help you, for he may take a mad fit at any -moment." There were noe a great nnmber of women on the flat then, and most of those who were had their time fully oc cupied lu some or other "kind of business connected with the sale of think. The constable they had sent up to assist me was occupied on that day in police busi ness, but. as soon as the diggers knocked off work I had many offers from good- natured men to help nxe in the night watch with the wretched victim of drink. At six o'clock I went down to our camp, leaving Parsons at last asleep un der the effects of a powerful opiate ad ministered by the doctor. One of the dig gers was to watch the sick mafi while I looked after my horse and got my own supper. I then lay down and bud a nap for a couple of hours, and went back to Parsons' tent at ten o'clock, the hour at which I bad promised to relieve Jack Morton. It was one of the loveliest nights I can recall. The moon was within a couple of days of the full, and she shone, broad ' and brilliant, on my grassy way. Long before I reached it I could see Dave's faintly lighten tout, so silent and lonely- looking. that I could not help contrasting it sadly with the sounds of music and dance and laughter that came up dis tinctly from the "street" at tbe lower lead. Parsons was asleep again when I cautiously stopped at. the tent and bec koned Morton outside. To my Inqui ries, ere the man left, be replied that Parsons had had a bad bout an hour pre vious. "He was fighting with dead men and the devil himself," Jack said; "and it was nearly past my strength to control him, but he's sound now, and before he's likely to wake again I'll have Tom Nolan up to help you." I thanked the good-natured digger, and sal down on li box at the foot of Parson's bunk. He was sleeping but un easily, and eveiy now and then he would call out suddenly and with awful inut- teriugs fling his arms about wildly. Gradually, however, his sleep berauxe heavier, and in the unaccustomed silence I unconsciously diifted into slumber my self. I awoke with a start to see that the bed was empty. Horrified at what might be the result of my carelessness, 1 darted to the opening of the tent.Outside It was almost as bright as day, and the still ness, with the height of the moon, as sured me that I must have slept a consi derable time. My very fir6t frightened look was in the direction of the shaft, aud there, between my eyes and it, I saw as plainly as I ever saw anything in my life two figures. , , T Yes, there were two of tliem when I first lookdd. There, within, say, twenty yards, I saw my lost friend's face and form. . . , . . It was nearest to me, and beyond, with his back to the shaft and the moonlight full upon his horrified face, stood Dave Parsons. He had on him only shirt ami nante. and he was in his stockinged tect. The tront-of his shirt had been torn open by some of his own delirious movements, aud his chest was partially bare, ami hmi streaks of blood upon it where he baa fixed liis own nails in his agony ol nai. That he, too, saw poor Devon's appari- -tion there could be no doubt, but his hi? were frozen with tenor and his tongue was silent. . The instant I saw and recognizee! tw shadowy form Devon's pale fnc-e wm turned to me, and I saw a smile round tlie well-known hps. It is years since ; ventured to relate this episode, tor my hearers then laughed at what they c.illeu ; my delusion, but the mockery did not j wipe out the memory of my dead rrieuaj- j face, or the parting smile that ltngerc j round the well-known lips. j Only for a second Devon turned to me, j and then his - regards returned to tne , wretched Parsons. As they did so a shriek of tenor rent the quiet, and ffl> , old schoolmate began to move bnck as Devon seemed to advance tov ard m . | I saw the danger, which Parsons hflO fo - | gotten, but I saw it was too late, tbi j was another terrible cry as the unfoi .un- | ate Parsons staggered, tossed up _n arms, and fell backward down his o" shaft— the shaft that Devon bad nmk- j One moment there had been : fmures" and the next there was nothin. but the etiU moonlight lylng upon the j rsSKsass&ss; -. | , 'triv'at fbtsvery instant ;Mo)> rflte came ripto iie rne, and be- tuS„lnS wemaMged toattacliTflrso.nB tlk'mS rope and haul Wm to. the surfacq, iofnot dead, but so seriously injured Tft seemed impossible he could re- th&ir; There was aTdeep wound in his fffrom which a quantity of blood had it was perhaps the flow Si relieved the Inflamed brain, ana fnhim when he recovered his senses, Sareutly as sane as myself. 'hp tried to sit up, and recognised me »s I spoke to keep him still. "What has haupeued?" he asked as he raised his hand to his head and then held the blood- Leed fingers before his eyes. . , . "You have bad an accident, Dave, and you must keep very quiet until the doc- W" An "accident! Oh, God! I remember! t tell down the shaft and he was chasing me. I am dying, Bray, I feel it! Devon will cet his gold now, and I wish to God I liad never robbed the dead!" "It was you, then?" I asked, noting bv the grey, ghastly hue of his face that tbe end was not far off. "Yes. it was I. Let me tell you while I am aide. Can you give me anything to revive mo— for a few moments?" The death sweat was on his face as I held the stimulant ordered by the doctor to his pallid lips, but when he had taken it he spoke anxiously. "The ;:old is in the drive, at the claim- under a hig stone at the very end. 1 tell you lest it should be too late— when 1 have let you know how I got it. I went- for a light, as I told you, and when 1 found the dead man I saw that lying by him was one of the legs of his bunk that he seemed to have pulled up with his last breath. I guessed lie had a plant in the hole, and got it." He told me this, .poor miserable being, in gasps as he could, while in the mean time! wiped the cold moisture from his brow and cheeks. "I robbed the dead, and from tbe hour you told me that Devon had declared he would haunt the robber to bis death 1 felt that my doom was sealed. I drank and drank, for I saw him day and night watching me for his gold, and the more I drank the plainer I saw Devon. "Don't speak any more of it, Parsons," I pleaded. "Take it to Him who for gives all sins. Ask Him for pardon, Dave, now, before it is too late." "I'm in a hard strait, Bray," he mur mured: "but I was always a bad egg- even at school, do you remember? There was never any chance for me; the devil was too strong— always. But perhaps now, when I'm come so low— the Lord will pity and help me." "He will, Dare; ask Him quickly." " I am asking Him. Lord, forgive a sinner— for His sake— who died— for , sinners." Those were his last words, and being, what I trust was a sincere prayer, surely we may "believe that there was "hope in his dealb." We found Devon's gold where the mis erable Parsons had told me it was, and I had the satisfaction of sending it to his young widow. I received in return a sad-letter with thanks for all my trouble, and I had no doubt from the tone of its communication that although gold is a valuable help In the journey of life, poor Devon's wife would have forfeited it 'twenty times over for a look into his lov ing, living face, or to hear the sound of his warm heart beating near her own. 