A DAUGHTER of the PEOPLE. XFobushed bx Speoul abhanoekhst. Author of "Tho Sinner," "Kitty tho Rag," "Peg tho Rake," "A "Woman In It," !' A Husband of No' Importance,"; f Master Wilberforce, " "Derby and Joan," " Sinless Secret," " The Man In Po-SMsion," "Two ( ' ' ; ' . Sad-Bine Eyes," &o.;, &o.; CoTTBIOnT.' CHAPTER XXXVII. . . HOSEwofde or had. ho spoken out of tho vain hoastfnlncss so much u part of himself. Mickey first broke the painful silence. " Is it true?" ho said. ' "Yes. Ask her." "Then yon have broken yonr word to me." " Love is stronger than hunonr. She was helpless, alone, and in trouble. She enmo to me. I consoled her." - "That is alio, und yon know it," cried Lorrimer, fieroely. "She fears yon — sho dislikes you. It is not by fair means you have Won her." ' Clivo sprang suddenly to his feet. "Enough of this nieladraihatio nonsense," he cried. " Let him win who may, and keep who can. You had your vhnnccs and I had mine. If I have made- bettor use of them than you I dexervo my success." " You are a trickster, a charlatan, and a liar," shouted Mickey, fiercely. ".You havo. not won Brianna's heart; you Cijuld not. You have terrorised und .coerced her. You to many ! You, who have rnude a mock and spurt of the irnin iugu lio all yuar lifo 1 It is monstrons. It shall never lie." Tho old evil gicam showed itself through tho narrowed slit of Olivo's drooped oyelids. " It siiull'he," he Baid coolly. " Who can prevent it ? Whether shn love:) or hajes mo luukos no differeneo. Our destinios are united. I know it from the first hour ire met. Sho knows it too, at last. I bear no ill-will. The natural savago in inun rather commands iny respect when it leaps the hounds of civilisation. I can mako' nllowunoo for your indignation, but indeed I have kept faith with you till to-dny. You should have returned yesterday, Miukoy. The tune was uu." Tho insotvneo of his tone and look string Miekoy like tho touch of a lash. Ho turned away. Ab ho reached flic door lie puused. | Then ho turned back to where Olivo still Stood, that smite of triumph on his lips. " You will leuvo this ljouso to-night," ho said. "Tho same roof cannot shelter us." " I regret thut courtesy has not found a place in your new honours," said Olive, in thu samo mocking voice. " Perhaps thoy are too— now. Ono cannot, of course, adopt tho habits and instinota 'of 'a geutloman as rapidly as his position'. 1 came here as your mother's guest. Will you kindly convoy to her mv regrets for such an abrupt departnro? And i must also trespass on your hospitality half an hour longer. I cannot loavo without an- interview with Brianna. In whut room may.Ijlee'Ker — alono P" 1 Thai:, white rage of Miokey's face was awfnl. Lorrimer ' glanced from one to tbo othor, fearfnl of anothor ' outburst. Bnt suddenly, with a great effort, Mickey calmed himself. His face grew hard and still .as beaten iron. ."I. will give her your message," ho said, arid left the rboni.V . Without a word Lorrimer followed. Clivo seated himself and rested bis urms on tho polished mahogany table, with its dishes of frnit .and bowls or wild flowers and out- glass decanters. Ho. was . shaking from'hoad to foot. Absolute physical cowardico mastered him now. Ho. had fnocd u mnr- derer'sdesporatehato when Miokoy's handshad well nigh choked tho life out of him. He could not' forgot it. " If there is a holl, I have looked on it to night." he thought. " What fools mon can be. and for it woman's sako." His hands went to his throat. It aohed and throbbed still as if thut awful pressure held i um-clensed. t " Supposing bo bad killed mo," he reflected. " But no, I should have read it. My hour is not yot." . Tne opening of the dor roused him. Ho lifted his head. A servant stood there. " Mis: Lynch will see you in tho library, if yoii plnze, sir," hesaid. ' I was sinttotellyou." Olive roso languidly. Ho still f- It dazed and weak. He cuuglit sight of his fnco in the glass and started. He stopped a moment to arningo his collar and tio, urid smooth back his disordered hair. Then ho followed the nan to tho library. It was a dingy, dreary room; Neither fires nor lights could make it . cheorful. High oaken bookcases tun round tho walls and almost touched tho coiling. Tbo carpet was threadbare, tlio chairs of hard, stiff ioatber. Hangings of musty moih-eateri tapestry hung in desolate' folds before the long windows." A noglcatad-looking flro was burning itsolf out on the hearth, ancl seated on one of the stiff ioatbcr-bacKcd chair- was Brianna. His heart gave a quick throb as ho saw bor. It retailed to him that he both loved end bated her iu that moment. Two passions were struggling for the mustery in his breast, and noithoi' was certain " of victory. Her face was as white as her gown, .und tbo deep scorn in ber eyes, as sho lifted her head and looked at liim, was more eloquent than any words. " I was told that you were leaving here to night, otherwise I would not have soon you," sho soid. "You would. have seen mo to-night,- or any night, bild t wished it," ho said. - "But come, I have no witih to waste words, I Want to know when yori will murry me?" ' " Marry you I Marry- — " / "It is conventional and rospeofablo, and all that," hosaid: "And not a vory alluring prospect. But wo must bow to prejudices. I nave told your self-'Ooristituted guardian that you wiil ho my wife, arid ho is quite content. I shall have to return to London to-morrow: When may I oxpeot you P" "You havo told Miokoyf" she faltered. "And Mr. Lorrimer — havo they not offered oongratulations.yetf Haw remiss!" Tho blood flushed to hor brow. 8ho sprang to her foot, and-'faced him. - ' ' . "I shall not marry you, " sho said; "Do you iioar ? Never — iievpr 1" ' "Very well," ho said, coolly, "if you prefer — "How dure you!" aha panted. ' "Yon know what I fool — what I said— I hate" yori ! Can you nevor understand ?" ' ' / ."Nonsense !" he said. "It is y'oti who don't rindorstarid your own fo'-Iings; - Und even if you'do hate.ine, it is of no u-e. " "What shall I do?" She moaned.' "Ob; what shall I do P Have you no merey?'" " Whei e you tiro concerned,' no. It is riot so much that I love yon as that I need you. Sly lifo is' incomplete. There is' something it lacks, and I tola you long ago yori were my fate, even as I am yonrs, Brianna." " Ob, no !" she cried, and then h»r hands dropped, and her wild eyes turned to his face; " Fato yon may call it. bnt for mo it has another meaning. You oro'not a man. Yuri bavo given yourself to soine evil power that makes yon half brute, half devil. What you claim and for'ea from nio is not myself, it is only a weakness that hales and loathes and rebels,' aud will rebel all my life." ' ' "I like thitt rebe'lioh," ho said; "it gives tho zest 'of the Saltan to my rights in my slave. You poor frightened thing, oven your genius is nr. my meroy." Sho shuddered. Her lips grew hard and firm, and hor oven took back some of their old deflitrice. - "Thoro is wild blood in me," ehe'said; " Take care iiow yon rous8'it." \- "I lovo ,;thiit wild blood; rriy' heautifnl panther. It shall beat and throb with mine, oven as yonr will shall bend and bow to my. bidding.- The world will bo the richer for a nnion liko ours'.". His mooking voico maddened her. Hor bruin grow dizzy with tho force and stress of 'emotion. Sho folt tlio loud boats of hor heart,' and pressed bor band against her sido as if to stifle them. " What do you want with inof" sho said, fiercely. " I havo told you us much as I dare tell. Tho rest 'you will learn when your. lifo is linked with mine, us linked it must bol" ' "Links can lie broken," sho. said. "I havo warned you." " I am not afraid of tho risk. When will you como to mo, Brianna?" His glance ciimpoliud her, his strango' face ciuiio nearer, nearer, us in that awful moment in the summer .house. She flung out her urms, hut ho caught them und drov.- them round his throat und kissed her ou tho lips. ' Mine !" he said triumphantly. "Did I not toll yqu rebellion was usuloss !" But thoro was ' something "stronger than rcbolliou, more terrible than hate, in tho faco that suddenly flushed book its white and dosperuto fur) t i his own. Thut hiss seemed tho seal of. desecration. She flung him from her with a'force that had nought of wotnau iri it. Ho. staggered hud clutched tho chair on which sho liiid been seated. With ono swift movement alio was at the door and turned and'looked -it Dim.' " The hour j-ou touch me again, tho hour I feel your hateful power compelling me," sho cried, " is your lust hour of life — or nnno !" Then tho door closed, und hi: bloodshot even gazed in baffled fury ut .tho plaoo where sho had stood und defied him. ' ' a Blind and inod, scarce knowing what. Oho did, eho flow up tho wido oak stairs, and reached hor room. She locked und donblu looked tho door, and then flung her arm, above licr head, and like' a wild thing, paced tho room in maddened frenzy. Tho fetters of roHtraint, tho schooling of discipline., abe throw usido,. as .01100 (die. had ih'rov.-n her childish foci) to right and lnft'on the Coal Quay. Nothing .mattered. Nothing . held hor eavo thut sense of outrage und disgust,, tho loathing of that forced embrace. ." That his lips should havo louohod me," she criod, und wipod her. own lips with her handkerohief with a foreo that made thorn bleed, und then tore tho flimsy eumbrio to shreds and flung it into tho- firo in - very impotence of rage. Tho awful tempest swept over hor un checked. To and fro sho paced the room with the fierce striding of a madwoman. Curses, woi-ds awful and unwomanly, leapt to her lips. Tho graces of civilisation shrunk abashed into some dim retreat. She wanted none of them now. She had gono back to tho. old, wild, untutored savagery that Sally Dunno had rescued, and Mickey had restrained. How long, sho raved thus, how long that passionate niaduoss hold her, sho novor knew. Only sho found herself at last staring hope lessly in tho glass at somothing that fa- cd ber. Something whito and wild, with oyos liko iiaipe, from which great tears rolled helplessly down. CHAPTER XXXVIII, I N iionoor £ j of Miekoy E l his mother I i decreed siioold _ho fortl. ' t'h r o o women sat round fho fire nftcrBrianna had left, und mudo spasmodic attempts ut conversation. Thoy had hoard nothing of the scono in tbo dining- roonnandMickey'sinesiiagotoBriannuhiidcon- voyodnospeeiai meaning to unyonooxcept Ray. SIio looked keenly at Lorrimer, und noticed signs of disturbance! on -ids face. Miekoy hiui drawn u chair up beside his mother, and was listening patiently to her affcctiouate tattle. His eyes wore fixed on the firo. That mask of iron stillness still seemed to hold ins features iu its expressionless calm. His curs were strained for tho suuud of a closing door, for tho coiio of tho light step that had once undo bis lifo's music. How hud this awful tiling come to pass? How hud slio been brought to accspt - this man's lovo ? - Wns it for suko of ambition, for wealth, for future fume, for nny of tho incom prehensible reasons that make women sell- thcinsolvcs into bondago? Uudorlying his oulwurd calm raved tho fires of iioroo jealousy. It was loss pain that ho had test her thun that this man should bavo won hor. His Intent distrust of him increased tenfold in liis absence. Clivc's visit to him in Paris bad boon unwelcome, and Dr. Ohnpuyn hod liin tod that he was in that city for no vory good pur pose. Still, it was a purpose that dotamod him threo months from Brianna's sido. Yot now this was tho outcomo of it. An increase of hisstrango powers, a wid6rfioldof develop ment for his fiendish knowledge. As ho -eat therein his homo that this mnn' had, in a way, restored to him, ho felt ho had behaved like tho savago his enomy had oallod him ; that the traditions of his ancestry had no root in his natare: that only tho brute instinct bad recognised a rival -and thirsted for his destruction.' " ' What makes you so low-spirited, Miekoy, darling?" asked his mother at last. "leit in love 'you are with sotuo of those French" ladioa you'vo boon .meeting?. Don't bo bringing a foreign' daughter- to my arms, if you lovo mo," Mickey. Their country eun't bo my country; nor their way ray ways. But, indeed, wo scorn all in tbo dumps togcthor. ' Perhaps it's tho room.' I liato this room. I olwoys did. It's full of ghosts. There's it story of a ludy who haunts tho eustlo 'nnd walks through hero at raid- ' night with her throat out unrl the blood trickling down her whito gown. Mighty uncomfortable, I should say. And how the blood etiu be flowing etiil when she was murdered a hundred years ago puzzles tne. Bat (ben ghosts aiwuys were contrary creatures. Thoy won't do anything that's comfortablo or rational. Where's Brianna all this time? And Mr. CUve, too? ,8tircly' lto's proposing to her, for what else would they be talking ubout so long?" gro bb wxi-isurai.J > 