Hie Home. ...j^ , ? ? Bjr Way of Protest. How forlorn and dreary Is the thought that for most of us it will not be enough to die once-^ta' have It said of us, as of one gone hence In summer, ' His part in all the pomp that nils The circuit yt the summer hills Is that his jrave is green.' But that in addition to giving up the dear life we love, the work, the wages, the people we care-ror, the bright pleasures and joyous ic^iyitles, we must also be dropped tor. eveVVf rom; the family talk, our names siunnetf, our little ways for gotten, till tie places that now know us will literally soon know us no more. ' Don't speak of ? to her mother ; she cannot bear it,' we say, in tender fear lest we shall lay a rough finger on an aching wound. ' Don't stir up the grief of that child ; let her go on her light hearted way, and forget her mother (or her fatlier.)' ? ' Don't allude to ? : her people are not able to talk about her.' And' so It goes, from one to another, always the motive one of gen tleness, kindness, love, and always the result the same — a gradual and imper ceptible but relentless obliteration of the personality that was lately vital, im portant, and dominant. One would suppose It a crime or a blunder on the part of the dead to have gone away, leaving themselves so help-^ less that they cannot raise even the wan ghost.Trf- opposition .to,' ibe. oblivion which Is their portion.7'- .Are'they not twice, dead, these '1-eloyfri . ones, of whom we never speak, whijse little jests and quips we no 'longer r-evJVe, whose portion it Is to be dlsmlsssa^rom the table, the drawing-room^ tfie*waJk, the drive, from' the congregations of men, as if they had, never existed r'! } ?;?'?' ' Tet by a singular parodox our for gotten dead refuse to be dismissed and ignored irfhis babe In your anus has the ^ict ofeyebrow, the .'turn of head, Jt*ic* ^belonged to her; grandmother. That college boy ha^, the manner, the pose, the bearing of' th'e young uncle who passed away atf B&ttysburg;, and was buried on ±he fleW^'-' Faintly traits will not be blotted, put-; they are im perishably alive. One's .frillies, faults, tempera, as well as one's physical pecu liarities, are revived and' reappear in successive generations.' nWe -die, bul it Ib in -a way as last year** 'flowers died ; others as fair shall step Into pur vacant places, and, lo ! the places will not be vacant ; the game will go on ; the music, ithe laughter, the dancing feet, the wed ding march, the cradle joy, all will come agtiin. Yet why must It he, tor us and for ours, that, OW* burled, we who did love and do remepber them should avoid their very mention ? One loves to think of dear^ fatherless children, who always in Hie nightly prayers still ask God ' to bless papa.' Why not ? ' God's in his heaven ; All's right in all worlds.' — ' Harper's Bazar.' 