AN UGLY CARGO OF DERVISHES A bleak, raw morning off the old port of Suez, the head of the Red Sea and entrance to the great cinal. Cold in that quarter is very bitter at times. Re gular icy wind was blowing from the north-west as thetramp steamer ' Borus,' flying the good old Union Jack, came crawling up in the teeth of the biting wind.. On the bridge, eagerly scanning signals on shore and just coming into view sufficiently to be read without risk of error, stood the captai.. Jorgen sen; on the deck below was the chief enmneei, " Maister Sandy," as intimates knew him--lr. Henry Alexander, as rated on the papers of the ship. ' Ay, an' beyond a doot the signal is for us,' the erigineer was saying to his third, who had made a rush from below, and had just put a qnestion, to which a reply was given th;ough clenched teeth, It's out signal sure, and to me it reads like an oroer to doom. Thai softy on the bridge over us has lost all the grit which belongs to the British satior why alone should occupy, the'position he is in." . The remark, though evidently drawn froin the speaker by the civil question of a subordinate who had the respect of his chief, was not a- proper one as referring to the man in command of a ship from one in the responsible posi tion of chief engineer. But something like teud existed betwen the two leading officers of the ' Borus,' a condition of things uncomfortable, dangerous on a ship at sea. The two men were not on speaking terms ; no words had been exchanged between. them for weeks, further than could be managed by the telegraph signals from bridge to engine room. The vessel; during some two years, had been dodging in and out amongst ports of the Red Sea, the Persian Gulf, and India, as far as Colombo. She had come 'first through the canal for Aden, on Government account, with ordnance stores, ammunition, etc. When that contract finished the engine chief became anxious to see the vessel return to refit. He had become pain fully aware of the shaky condition of things in his department. The steering apparatus had given him special con cern, and other parts were not in the As order which he knew but too well is necessary for vesselsin those treacherous seas. But fate was against him. The first delay arose at Aden, where a mishap to a French mail boat had resulted in that craft being sunk in the a roadstead, and during several weeks the. tramp steamer and others of her kind had been employed in trying to raise the Frenchman. That task failed ; the liner became a total wreck; her bones lie there to this day. And a worse mishap befell the' Borus.' Her captain, a fine buff Englishman, Fred Winters, caught fever through exposure during the salvage operations. He' died and, at his own request, was taken out some forty miles in the Indian Ocean and buried, within a week from the time the salvage work was stopped. The first officer, a Norwegian, was then promoted to the command, by cable orders from the owners, and from that time onwards things had gone from bad to worse on the vessel. While in the subordinate position Conrad Jorgensen had been an efficient and, on the whole an agreeable shipmate. But promotion changed the man from being almost servilely civil to a taciturn, meddlesome factotum, whose one idea of the duties of a captain of a ship seemed to be to carry out the orders of the owners, com municated in brief telegrams or in still more brief signals, as that now flying from the flagstaff at Old Suez. He gave no heed to remonstrances con cerning the state of the ship. S'He'll never be mad enough to take another charter, and the old ' Borus' in the state she is !' the engineer mut tered to himself; ' but the contfounded fool has no backbone. Weel, I've telt him my opinion on the matter that to save the ship our route should be through the canal. again, to refit. If he disregards that,. the blame for what may happen isna mine.' And he went below to the post of duty to await events. The orders ' half speed,' 'slow,' and others from the bridge had brought the ' Borus' to almost a standstill, for the wind was so stiff that some power was necessary to make her hold her own, when an Egyptian -boat came along side, and a young yellow skinned official.clanibered aboard, asking for the captain. In the boat were half-a. dozen Egyptian boatmen, thinly clad and so shivering with cold that the pity of the men on board was aroused to the extent of handing them down a pannikin of boiling hot coffee. The kindnasswas not lost upon the boat men, who were jabbering amongst themselves, after the manner of their kind. 'Hi !' a voice called from amongst them. 'Hil! hoa belwa; look-a out a port, near a boat ; a want-a whisper.' ' You go down, Bill,' a fireman said to a mate near him. ' That yehlow boy has something he wants to give you.' Anrd Bill went as suggested; and a few minutes after his head was seen peering out of a port hole sufficiently near the boat to hear what the occup ants had to ' whisper.' When he reach ed his mate again it was with a very grave countenance, a most unusual state of things with Bill Moisten. , It's no use telling anything to that hloomin' old man we have now on the bridge,' Bill soliloquised. ' He's an old woman, he is, an' had even as a foreigner; but Sandy should hear, an' maybe he can get the thing set right, or a relief got for us somehow. A lot o' mad Dervishes, hey l A nice bloomin' lot the likes o' them are at any time, but in the state we are now the thing would be murder, sure ! Speakin' isnt much in my line, but Sandy should know what those yellow boys say if so c be we're sent south again. ' This is a nice go,' he managed to g say to the second enginer. 'Them boaitmen coves from the shore to whom we gave the coffee told me that we were ordered for a port on the Barrar coast, away s'west o' Aden, and that we are to take aboard :a cargo o' pilgrims for Mecca-Dervishes. he said they are, and reported at Suez to be mad as hares ! So bad are they that several d vessels to whom the charter wss off-red d d-clined the job Maybe you would not niind telling Mr. Alexander, sir; 2 he ought to know. It's no use. I sup- 1 pose, mextioning the affair to 'the old d man '? For one I should not mind d being out of it; the time I signed for is long past, and if the chief can let m'e go on further with this hooker.' 'Don't you think of it, my lad ; our duty is to stand by the old bo;t, swim or sink. But I'll tell the chief what ydu say. You' don't think those Egyptian coves ware running you, eh? .Vhenthe chief heard the disquieting news many miles of the Red Sea had been again traversed, During several seconds not a sound escaped him, but he was very busy peering closely into what the whole staff knew were shaky parts of the machinery. SAy,'ay,' he said at length; ! it was guid advice you gave the hands. Quite likely the Barra coast is our destination. It's just about the time them pilgrim creatures are moving Mecca- wards. But this boat is in no trim for such a cargo: it's murder to attempt it. I'll make one, effort more to try. and' save the ship. Oh, that poor Winters had been spared to us for this' one trip more i It's against me to say a word disrespectful of the management from the bridge, but I'm sure that if the owners knew the state we are in even they would order the ' Botus' was taking pilgrims on board, about as hard looking a lot as anyone who had been in the trade had ever seen. All that could be done in the way of patching was accomplished for the steering gear and in the' machine-room, and the vessel managed to crawl past Perim, making for the Arabian coast Fine weather had favoured them so far, and at about half her ordinary speed there was hope that the ugly cargo would be got rid of in three or four days. The pilgrims were more than ordinarily quiet ; yet those who knew the material of which they were composed were un easy, as though something disagreeable would occur before the trip ended. As the coast was approached again the weather became more uncertain; several time stoppage -to patch the steering apparatus became necessary, and as night approached the bell fiom the bridge rang so often that the whole staff were on the alert. Uneasiness had become so pronounced about midnight that when an order given was countermanded again and again even the patience of the chief gave out: 'I'll away on deck, and see what the duce he's trying to do. .We've gane through far away than this in the shape o' weather wi'less than a modi cum o' a' this brother !' It was a fortunate resolve as events proved. " On deck he could see ghost like figures flitting about, but none of them came within- speaking distance; then he made 'or the bridge, and was surprised while on the steps when one of the Dervishes fairly dropped into his arms. ' A pardon !' were - the words he could make out. ' You mans 'of the fire-hole all a-right-ah ! You a-goa Sthere now. I not get a order to a kill a you ! Pilot a wheel steer all a right a'port !' Here was a state of affairs. -' There is murder about,' was the first- thought of the chief; but how much mischief was done, or what fate' was intended for the hands in the ' fire hole' when their services could be dispensed with, were almost the ideas in his mind when he managed to answer in the broken jargon which his informant used-the utterances of men who had. spent some time on board ship, as coal trimmers and otherwise. t Heaven help us !' he thought. 'All right-a !' he said. ' I go below, and keep her going i' HIe jumped rather than ran into the engine room. ' Get your revolvers, lads-everyone who can ! But'don't go on deck-the Dervishes are amok !' he hissed to the astonished men. ' There is murder on the bridge, on deck, and heaven knows in what other quarters ! - Fix the hose so as to serve steam ! ease down to slow speed; as many as are armed come with me on deck.' SAnd while speaking he had been moving deckwards,. the hose gripped with a guard to prevent burning while sering out scalding steam. On deck flitting figures were seen, and suspecting them to be enemies who did not choose to come near, he and his supporters managed to get to the bridge. It was too dark to see more than the outlines of two figures near the steering gear. 'Who's steering ?' he yelled. ' Speak, or I'll shoot I' As reply the two figures darted away like shadows, and a muffled moan made all who heard aware that a victim was near. 'Be careful with the steam lads keep it for the wretches who have been at this fiendish work.' The denouement can be told in few words. With the aid of all powerful steam the Dervishes who were the prime movers in the affair were kept at bay till dayhlight ; during that time the cap tain and a quartermaster, who were found gagged and tied so.that. they could not move, were released, but two poor fellows who were on the look-out had shown fight or been taken unawares and stabbed with knives, secreted, ow ing to the carelessness with which the search for arms had been conducted when the pilgrims were allowed to come on board. Other wounded men were found on deck, but there was still force enough in the vessel to overawe the miscreants, upon whom the steam was used so freely that but few of the Dervishes required the services of the hangman when their trial took place at at Aden, to which both the ' Borus' and those were conveyed by the British man-of war, met fortunately on the day after the attack had been made About a score of those most active in the attempt succumbed before Aden was reached; the others did not deny that their desire was to seize and loot the ship. The fellow who dropped into the arms of the engineer was ihe leader; he had been for years off and on in various vessels, and had such a smatter ing of English that he had persuaded the credulous captain to allow him to come on the bridge under a pretext that he knew something of the steering gear, which was giving much trouble, and which, as came out in evidence, rather than be further beholden to his own engineering stall I A. M. in " Sketchy Bits". t 