SWEDEN BORGIANISM THE CARDINAL POINTS. The doctrines of Swedenborgiamani have been brought into prominence dur ing the inquiry into the heresy charge ' preferred against the Rev. Hector Fer guson. The following are the principal points of the faith accepted by Sweden borg’s followers:— 1\. That the Lord Jesus Christ is the only God,that in Him there is the Trinity of Father, Son,. and Holy Ghost, the Father being His infinite divine nature or soul, the Son His glorified human na ture or divine body, and the Holy Spirit the life proceeding from His divine hu manity for the salvation of man.' 2\. That the Father in. His eternal hu manity descended as the Lord Jesus Christ to the earth, assuring fallen hu man nature that in it he might.conquer hell, and deliver mankind from its influ 3\. That the sacred scriptures are the true word of God, accommodated to the understanding of angels ana men, and constituting the perpetual medium be tween heaven and the church, the law of correspondence having been revealed by the Lord to Swedenborg as the. key for their interpretation. 4\. That man is not saved by faith alone, but by a life according : to the word, the summary of which is the de- ; calogue. • ' • : \- C. That heaven is- made. up. of; those ; who keep God’s Commandments, and :■ Jove Him and His Kingdom. ar,i hell, of ' those who love themselves and the , That the spiritual world—heaven and hell—holds the same relatio'ntb the natu ; ral world and its inhabitants as the'souli natural world and its life, and.that af- ,, ter the death of the body the spirit con- > tinues to live in the spiritual world it . had previously, though unconsciously, inhabited. During a conversation between some Englishmen and Americans about the American Hispana War a rather boast ful English traveller remarked that when Britain was at war it was only necessary to hoist the British flag, and at sight o£ it the enemy scattered to the-Winds. As the conversation then changed he later on spoke as having been in some tropical spot, where the mosquitoes were such a, terrible torment that it was utterly im possible for him to sleep. One of the Yanks, who had a stutter, suddenly con vulsed the company by exclaiming1— “Wh—why the deu—deuce .didn’t you 