wireless telegraphy. The announcement that the French autho rities have consented to the' making of ex periments in wireless telegraphy between Folkestone and Boulogne recalls the exiiori- inent., made in January hist between tlie Kentish' coast and one of the lightships off the Goodwin Sands. Details of that ex periment have not yet reached tlio colony, but the cable informed us on the first of last mouth that it hud proved highly '-suc cessful. The experiment; was under tlio charge of Siguor Marconi — "The Times" is our authority — and from that it is clear that tlie brilliant Italian inventor is oriec more working at ills apparatus in tlie service of the British Government, or, at till events, in connection with Mr. Preece anil tlie Post- office authorities. The point, is of consider able interest, because . it throws a strong light on tlie progress of tlie last scientific wonder. For some time before this experi- riient at the Goodwins, Signor Marconi had not been connected with any public experi mental work, for tlio expressed reason that a company had been floated to exploit his in vention. As the objection no longer exists, it is fair to conclude that tlie company is likewise no longer in existence; which means that the progress of wireless telegraphy has been u good deal slower than ils friends hoped. The success of the experiment, at the Gootlwins means a solid step in advance for the Marconi system. "Tlie Times," in announcing tlie beginning, added that in tho event of success the Marconi installation would ho adopted permanently as tlie' means of communication between the houtli I< ore- land lighthouse and the South Sands light ship, tho distance being throe miles. The establishment - of communication between these points for the first time hv history is a solid tiling for (lie Marconi system. The de tails of tlie success we shall have in a day .or two; for the present, it Is certain tlml no better corroboration of the reported success could ho wished for than the determination to experiment with tin installation between Folkestone and Boulogne, across tlie English Channel almost at its-- -narrowest part, tlio distance being 22 miles. No doubt Signor Marconi will be in charge of this experi ment also. Anil success we may 1'eeL' sure will bo followed by permanent arrange ments. After that thoro is. theoretically no thing to stop further developments, and in practice they will probably lie made at a pace regulated by the capacity of tho. elec tricians to overcome unforeseen difficulties. The first inventor, it is interesting to remem ber, was Hcrz, who discovered the cilectrlc waves which bear his name. Lloyd came iiAvi. wiili ii tnittttmitiiH' whtcli wnrknfl .\vr»ll in a laboratory, and proved good outside under favorable conditions for half a mile. Marconi, by adding a vertical wire, opened the horizon indefinitely, and is working his invention as above noticed. At Folkestone and Boulogne there are cliffs well away from the sea, of ordinary steepness, presenting j facilities for fixing vertical wires between I 150ft:. and 300ft. In length and more, eaeli 1 provided with its transmitter, indue- j tipn coils and buttery. Wo quite expect 1 to hear In a few weeks that messages are being sent with regularity, dispatch, and : clearness. It lias all along been claimed (hat ships fitted with tlie apparatus— verti cal wire on a mast, with all the rest of the gear attached— will he able to make the land in any weather, and be capable of receiving electric flashes of warning from lightships wlion running into danger In fogs. Tho Sou til Sounds (Goodwin) lightship is now provided, and tlie jaws of the English Chan nel promise to be so in a l'ow weeks. As nearly every ship in the Italian Navy is fitted with the apparatus. It needs 110 ghost to describe the impetus wireless telegraphy- will receive from this Folkestone-Boulogne experiment, should It be successful. In the course of au Interview with Arch- ileacdli Gunther, published in our columns yesterday, some remarks appeared which are well worth consideration by the ptiiple of this colony, especially at tho present- junc ture. Archdeacon Guutlier declared that but little news concerning Australia. -appeared in' the English press, and such as was pub lished referred mosUy to Melbourne -4- in short, lie found that in England "they knew more of Melbourne than other place' in Australln." To a largo extent this is due to tho practice followed in cabling home Aus tralian liuppenlugs. It is the custom; in Australian newspapers to publish till eiLble- grams, no matter to what countries tiriey uiay relate, as coming from London. I'Ac- counts of occurrences taking placo In Blow York, Paris, Madrid, \ Berlin, St. Petersburg, Peldn, or elsewhere throughout t.hb world over-seas, are cabled fr.om London, because it is the world's distributing centre. Similar ly all news relating to Australia is sent from Melbourne, though without any sueh Jus tification existing as regards this continent. Tlie groat: impetus given to Victorian growth long ago by tlie gold discoveries naturally attracted the world's attention, ami made Melbourne the most; widely-advertised city on this side of the ocean. So It became, and remained by- the tille of real magnitude and importance, tlie principal connecting link be tween the two hemispheres.. Mining enter prise wtis enormously more active and pros- porous in Victoria, during many years than elsewhere in Australasia, a fact which made Melbourne tlie head centre for these colo nies of most large mining, financial, com mercial, and oilier agencies. Gradually, however, tlie progress of tills colony has out stripped (bat of Victoria, notwithstanding the splendid start which tlie latter had. Sydney, with unparalleled natural advant ages as a seaporl, aiul without political im-' 'pediments to trade, lias become firmly es tablished as the greatest of Australian cities. Within recent yearn liuiny important agen cies nnd business concerns have come here. Custom more I lain any other reason keeps tlio head offices of many of these still in Melbourne, hut the tide lias long been turn ing. The creation of Melbourne as (lie capi tal of Federated Australia, even for a few years' term, will count enormously in perpe tuating the false lead which that city holds, nnd In making Sydney appear of minor con sequence in the eyes of the world. There is saliricnl commentary on the pros pect of any- practical agreement being made at the forthcoming Pence Conference of the Powers at tho Hague in tlie latest, wire re ceived on the subject. This is to the effect that Mr. Stead lias abandoned his proposal to head a pilgrimage from Great Britain through the principal European cities in support of the Czar's proposals, I lie reason given being that lie fears "Ills party would meet with an unsympathetic reception." What form tho lack of sympathy would probably assume Mr. Stead does not iliut. But it. is not unreasonable to conclude that: f «a nun fhrviurhf Ihf preachers of international peace are appre hensive of being mobbed and violently mis used. It is unlikely that any such extremi ties would he resorted to, srive, perhaps, in Franco, where there is strong military fervor just now, and whero tlie Crusade might he readily mistaken as heariug somehow upon the uustiukable "affaire Dreyfus." In Ger many there is- it party, numerically immense, which favors Hie reduction of the local mili tary burden, and has such political Influence that a committee of tho Reichstag tho other: day refused to sanction a vote urgently de manded by the Minister for War to increase .tlie cavalry force/ HoweS'or : well-disposed the multitudes of that country or of Russia may bo towards t-Jio reduction of military taxation, It- Is- quite probable that; some scc- tjon of them would' lmve.ignorantly coine in to collision with Mr. Stead aiul his troupe of -Itinerant evangelists.' Even those who know the leader of tho abandoned tour well would have bad their doubts about tlie sincerity .of: It. - Mr. Stead has had many enthusiasms, hut In most cases- there appeared to be at the bottom of them tlio purpose of making money— at any rate, most of them '.'scorn to have left a balance of profit when put into liquidation. If is not at all likely that -the Continental trip projected would have influ enced tlio Peace Conference, while it would . have brought upon it a certain amount of ridicule, The appointment' of tlio Russian representatives seems a guarantee .of . the Czar's serious- pnrpohe in seeking to put for ward a - scheme of International arbitration wli-ich riiay prove workable. The name, of Professor Martens promises that high ability and.' lucid thought will he brought to hear in Russia's behalf on tlie problem. 