Now Mexico; (from our correspondent.) THat Cave.— Brethren,— We took' our text mainly from the 'Book of Thunder bolt, and this week's epistle will also be gin from that book. It seems the points; raised at liist meeting of our Debuting Club will not be referred to the City Pro- gross Committee. They were settled thus ' at just night's mooting .; . 1\. A caye exist?. 2\. It is in New Mexino territory. 3.-lt 1 on a mountain. . 4\. It was Thunderbolt's cave. b. The skeleton found there is that of a bullock. .6. It is not Thnnderbolt's skeleton. " 7. There is a ghost there, but not necessarily wear-' ,ing horns. . ' ; . 8\. The cave is of pre-historic date. It must .be notified here that my dear ' mother-in-law takes the . credit for this ' highly interesting information.'; ' YpU will;: remember last week; I promised to- send; Kor ovor ; and although;! was fearful lest: she.' might ne ver . return . she ca me;back: ai I i siiiilos, aud by her complacent, method of tiikitig up all the firo flnriiig 4 o'clock tea,: ! and ' ths generous . ail vico : -she gives my wife as - to how' I shonlil be treated if I wore some other w inian's Hubbyi I am: most hit ppy tp thiv. k sho has c> >ihe hack to . stft'. However, understand the cave; is a sefllbd'f:ict, anyhow. . .. "' ' . The Weather. —An effort' w is made on the part of thib elements hist Suuday to give us a little . inoisturo, auil something: like half aii. inch of rain , was the result.! But.we: don't iutend to put up .with' this niggardly' treatment. : A scheiue is being; devised ,to inij.>;i to our f.ii nis iiy means of tlio S'mithton bore, which is now washiug out bliickfollows' bones" in to lis. These! relics coins shooting through the aii- like rockets, anditis highly intei-esting to h9ui: them pelting down on our house tops at night time. . If our irrigation scheme. is a success, it will boat the weather olerk into Smithereens. ; Naturalist.— The D.C. is now discuss ing whether horses were in Australia be fore the whiteman. I contend thoy wore not, aud . tho only quad ru pud was the dingo;! 'the cat, and the opossuih.' It' is cei'tain the. kangaroo need not bo classed, foi his frout legs don't count. This is why no man is known to have ridden him, and' I c in't belrave there is 11 saddler in Manilla' who could tit him, nor litis the vclass of harness yet been uevisod t suit his con formation. : Unlike other things Austra- Iiau, howover, if you once tame him ho won't .leave you. Take a. clutch of wild duck eggs, hatch them in your barn, feed the ducklings till they grow up, and then away they fly. It's the same with our black brother. I once kuew the Squire of Tibbeieeuah to take a piccauny from the breast. It was nursed and cared for with tho attention of a prince; it was educated at Camden College ; it could speak seven Iangua ;cs ; it could foil,'. box, run, cricket, talk politics, and lead a quadrille in kids and a cut-away with any man Oao day he was left in charge of ihe: station.- Wheii. the boss came home he found a brief note on " Cuto's" table," Gone for a holiday." Thinking he had gone dowh to ittteud tho Governor's, ball, or some other State function, the Squire took no notice ; but soon alter, a ." colouial experience" gen-, tleman was going through the run, and he' came upou a blacks' camp. ";Seeing a big darky done up in paint and feathers', he said, " Hullo, Jackj ; you bin see'it jiim- buck pialler this way ?" The nigger looked at the interrogator -with scorii, and replied. " Look here, you cad when you have dono with pigeon English, 1 will converse with you in either French, Gorman,' Greek, or Latin I"' That darky wus "Onto," and oiir D.C. ought to paste the incident in their hats. Bunny.— You've been good enough to 1 wiirn us' of bunny's approach. Well, it's a bad j sib we' can't find the grim humorist who first imported the lop-eared worthy! He deserves': to "be boiled in fish oil and packed away 111 a tin case. When we just .sit down and figuro the facts out, we see that all the pests which adorn the colo nial calendar to-day were introduced by some crack-brained uss, who either sub sequently lost his life on the gallows, cr was eaterr by bliicks. Take .our hares, rabbits, sparrows, thistles, burs,, and so on. All of those were imported" to show what glory tho old world produces. .. Now wo shall have to piick up and leave it to them. It's a nice world, this— at least, it would bo ouly for some people. June 2. No. 11. - 