ffiEBLL-GKY.: • By MCHARD MAESH, " Author of "The Beetle—A Mystery,n "The Crime and the Criminal/' "The Datchet Diamonds," "Mm. Musgraveand Her Husband," "The Woman yrith One Hand," &e.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with th^j author. All rights reserved;] CHAPTER. XX.— (Continued);. It was very strange indeed that ith'tera: should be no houses. Used as he 'had been of late to the life of a great city, their ab sence struck him as doubly strange. iSTo houses! Where, then, did the people live? Were there really none? Was he the only living creature environed by the night ? The thing began to weigh upon him like a presage of evil. Thereabouts were the_ folks all dead? Was ithe world peopled, only with ghosts? Were they walking ait his side, "peering at him over the stone , walls, scurrying hither and thither:-across' the country, unheard, unseen? What .was that noise? It was the.sound of wafers. What was that breath irpoa his cheeks? Was it not the whisper of the sea? What was the sudden, greater blackness, which yawned, all at once, in.* front of . him, which made him suddenly; stop short,* which set him shivering? He was standing upon. th&-edge-of the cliff—the Samphire Clifi. The knowledge of his whereabouts came upon him with an. instant intuition.- Down below him was the island—that reef of dreadful rocks. Ij; was against it the waves were breaking; that was the noise which he had heard. Another step, he would, have been over, hurtling through the air, re bounding from the points of jagged stone, plunging into the whirlpool of the con tinually contending waters. As he^ start, ed back he sweated. His knees shook..1 When he "had retreated, backwards, per? haps a dozen yards, he subsided on to-the ground, "trembling. Wluit -an. .eseapejshfi" had had! •. - But it had, at any rate, jmade.iiim:-sac quaintecL with his whereabouts. There', were the home woods, then, upon his j right. He advanced towards them\ gingerly, "feeling with .outstretched arms ] for the stone wall which, he remembered, j girdled them! There it was. He Tecog--ri nised in it the'presence of an. old friericLJ There used to be a gate farther- down- the' road, perhaps a hundred yards. This-was not the part of the wood which he. had been, -making for. By some-accident, which he did not understand, he had struck one end instead, of the other. But? to have found the woods at- all whs-some-/ thing. The gate which he was searching'' for opened into a grassy road which, in the old days, was wont to be used as a- diiva when a rare visitor was to be taken to-en joy the view from the Samphire -Clifr look- : ing towards GocLrevy. It was the gate-: which was farthest from the hcnse. 'Hw winding road passed both the. npperr?and" the lower lakes, through a part of the gronnds. yhich, in .bad weather^-wasgvery,: like a swamp. He found it. The latch emitted a- .grab' ing sound as he lifted it, the gate- shrieked on its rusty hinges as he threw it back. He entered, the woodland road. The •mystery of the woods, was obvious- even in the night. Up there the winds were too-persistent to permit of the trees attaining to great proportions.; But, as he went in farther, their size increased. If the winds were against, them, the ground was on their , side. They were sheltered by its. rapid ifall.. Soon Blaise Polhurston knew that he was surrounded by monarchs of the forest. Their branches creaked and moan ed; afar off came cries as of souls in pain. Here were living things; he could hear them on every side; the pattering of feet, the scurrying of-.-unseen creatures through the brushwood, the occasional whirring of wings. ' The wood .was far from silent.. There was,, too, a presence of another land. He had not yet wholly recovered from the shock of finding himself on the: edge of the abyss- There was still a flut tering at Ms heart, wMch the place ins which he was was not disposed to lessen. It was peopled with memories, the grave in which Ms cM'ldhood was buried. He was like a lost soul, passing through' the shades, of what once had been Ms youth. Every movement of the. branches—they were never still—was a sigh'for the past, a moan for the present, a groan at the prospect of what was still to come. The forest was in torment; half-afEright edly he groped through, it all. Behind the trunks of the trees, oyer whose roots, now and then he stumbled, spectres glanc ed out at him"; presences which he felt;. aH-l-ii-uicrVi lie rlirl not. see. shanes which were none the less actual, but rather the more, because they were incorporeal- . All the way he was haunted by demons. They, grew thick as he went. The place be came alive with them. He began almost to pursuade himself that he would see them with his bodily eyes; he. could hear them with his ears. They gibbered at him as he passed. They touched him. Was it possible they touched him? What was that which brushed against his hair— which shaved his cheeks—which alighted . for an, instant on his eyelids? Were they • fingers. Of.what? Of whom? He stopped suddenly, looking about him -with bewil dered glances. What was that noise? Was it not laughter? Who was laughing at him in the shadow of the trees? 'i This was not to be borne, that there should be foes on every hand and he see none of them. He lit a match; he would see, by the light it gave,; what might be seen. While it flickered, as he was about to raise it to look round, something—some one struck it out. He trembled so that the box fell from his grasp. He listened. Again! Was that not laughter among the trees? !' : He could not find the matchbox, although he felt sure that it had fallen just at his feet. He could hot feel it anywhere, even by going down on. his knees. Was that it? H it-was. then it was snatched away—yes, as his fingers were closing on it. What was the cause of his feeling that something, someone, was. playing tricks with him? His nerves had been disorgan ised by his experience on the cliff. The I walk, prolonged, beyond his expectations, had tired him. Memories had come sweep*, j ihg over him at an. impressionable moment. The surroundings were weird, the-i scene awesome. They used to tell, in- bygone days, of the Polhurston ghost; of the Wraith wbich, at-night-time in the woods, used -to lie in wait for members of the 'family when evil loomed over the house. It .was such thoughts as these which bade fair to play the fool with him. He shook, himself. • He would put them behind him—leave the ' match box wh ptp if. lav—hasten home. Tf must be growing late. If he was not quick his coming would ahum the house that he did not want. He strode down the path as.-rapidly a3 the darkness would permit. There-was the sound of running water. He was neaiing the upper lake. Presently, although the blackness' shrouded it almost wholly, he knew that he had reached it. He paused' by the brink, peering through the shadows. ,Nothing could . be seen. ^He could hear- what he took to be the move- . ments of wild-fowl, the splashing of-water over the weir—that was all. He passed on. A. closing of the darkness, till it hung about him." like a pa.ll, made him copsracrus; that, abdiit the. lake, it had been, .relative ly, light. He was moving a^imiihrough the thickness of the wood. -All at once something, flashed into hud den radiance; so far as he could judge, at a distance of a hundred yardsvormore from <■ where he was. _ I^leau^, like a, star,. then vanished, leaving- the darkness denser than before. What wan it? A will o? the wisp?' A glow worm.? Hardly, at that-sea son. of the year. Besides, it had borne ha resemblance to either. He went steadily, on, It came again;..-still, as it -seemed,: the same distance in front. It was. not a light in a house, nothing of the kind. It-was .like a flash of fire, appearing tp-hiip. to-bave tire' property of showing, m-the hiief spaee'of its duration, half-a-dozen' different hues.. He advanced more eaution^Iy, watchingrfon its reappearance. It did not come. ' ' Instead, there was borne in_ upon, "'him, on a sudden, an absolute'conviction, that some unseen thing was close at. hand something which was moving. through.- the brushwood, keeping pace at lus'sidek "The ■ instant, he became conscious of this-assur-. ance ' he stopped,' and stood, anid listened, and looked. He could see nothing, nor hear anything,' hut he knew that there was something there, and that it had stopped' 1 when he stopped. He tried to speak to it, but could not-r-to moyb in its ^direction, but his limbs were chained. With an ef fort he continued his advance, stumbling blindly on; but he knew that the some thing was moving^ too. Again there waa . the sound of running water; lie was near ing the lower lake. As he reached it there . was a splash! Something'had plunged into the lake. There was a noise as of-some-, thing struggbng in the water—a gasping sound, as of fighting for breath. . _ . . "Who are you? WhoVthere?" cried Mr. Polhurston, the tones of his own -voice fill ing him with horror and amazement. r All was still." Only the noise of the weir disturbed the silence. v • To have plunged into theblackness of the waters in. search of he knew not .what would have been an act of madness.- If he remembered rightly, quite close to the bank this lower lake was 10 or 12 ft. deep, vhiV hare apd there were pools of unknown jnvt, '{.Jfimdity.-'Howdidheknowwbatliad fallen in : 4-rbs-accident"or of set purpose. • It might "be some .creature of the woods. True, it vjhad not sounded as if.it were, but—what was it- then.?: He did not stop to think. ./■• He.rushed ■ .'-onward; iresolving, when, he .reached 'the house, to' tell: his tale. In any. ..-.-.case,.there wasnothing he could do - with-' out light, alone: • ••• ■.■■■•-... _• ■ : So soon, as he had arrived on the qnposite ■ aide-and .was re-entering the forest's vast iiiess ' he-again" became conscious that still 'i.there' was something at his side; -: some ■jtliing, this tmie,;.which lie- could hear—for. 1 there •. was a swishing sound, as if" some . thing, was (being brushed against. the trees : ■ and bushes,as it went. ;Tt might have been a'irick-of-his imagination;'but, as he tore wildly, on, lie seemed to : detect a drinping :sound, as- if drops, of .water were falling ,. .• from his .invisible: associate. . There was clearly: audible, also,- a panting, as if for ■ breath. . , ■; ;With-sudden determina tion, of which he limself was more than halt afraid,' swerv : ::ing from, the path, he dashed in the direc " •tion from which the. sound proceeded. As • . 'be. advanced, it. retreated; he could hear it going, farther and "farther back among the /trees. "Under su'ch circumstances to folio w • iit .wouldi.be absurd. He returned to tne path; It" returned with him: he heard it come.' * t - :• He -groped'about for a stone or. other , , missile, to-hurl at.it. . Its persistence began to anger him. • He could find nothing ex : cept broken branche's and' scraps of de cayed -wood, which -were too light to be of ■.i. any:.use.". So:he assailed'it wjith his "tongue. ''Confound vou—who are you,? What do you .want?!- What do yon mean by skulk ing as my'side? Get off. you brute!" • ■ • This,last he said in ,view of the possibi ■ : litv that it inigbt be some auipial, desirous . of buman companionship; of jwhich he was .-.very, far from1 being sure.': Nothing showed that his'words were heard, but when he : .moved the thing went' with. him.. . . ."Very good.: Wait till we get nearer ■c the house, where/ there's more light; then V.we'lli see what/you:are, my friend_, if yon ■ ■ choose to keep me company so far."' Something laughed.- In tiie laughter was a quality which made Mr. Polhurston al mosbjump out of his skin. -" He quickened his pace, breaking into a run. So swift,, so heedlesly did he go, that, ; before" be knew that the thing was there, iiie„ clashed against a tree. So violent was the",contact"- that, partially, stunned, he / dropped to his' knees. It ivas a second ' or" two before be .bad regained his senses / 'sufficiently to/realise with,any clearness * .what had - happened.. • What aided their •"return-as much as anything else was the '•discovery-that.he was surrounded by a ■ 'sudden'-iHumination., ~He scrambled to his • 'feet, almost falling again in liis.haste over -the tangled root^ to find himself confronts : cd/by something which made his heart stand still. ' It was: a girl—a young girl. She stood ■within three or- four fe'et of where lie him • j self- was. standing.. A sufficiently pretty picture she presented . illumined by the ' surlden vivid glow. ' But at sight of her he shrank back, shivering; the blood seem "•"•■'ed.-to freeze in his veins; / there was .a ! buzzing sound in his head, as if his brain .v/as bursting. , "Helen!" he gasped. "Helen! % The' girl made some slight < movement which- caused him to divert his glance; wherupon he perceived that behind, her, \- a little to one side, stood a man, who held • her hand in his. - ' "Shapcott!" muttered Blaise Polhurston. "Helen!—my God!"... . " ' If was the woman to whose skirts he had pinned 'his boyhood s fai th; for the • love of whom lie had wreciced his , life. And the man' was the friend >who had betrayed him';. who had hounded the " .woman into:a suicide's grave, and, for tlie recovery of whose - murderer lie—Blaise Polhurston—was himself supposed- to be. offering1 a reward of £200. The vision last ed but an instant,-then it faded... And, m another moment, Mr. Polhurston was tear ing madly, headlong through the darkness, . downttlie path. - v ■,, ■ ■ i Nor did he check Ins pace till the sud ' den widening of the path showed him that he had entered the main avenue, which | : i-divided the estate, as nearly tis possible, . v into fcwo clean halves, and ahouvthe centre V of which 'the house itself was placed. J1 ere vBonie-'show of reason did return to . him. "He stopped to draw breath , ana to, wipe ; tlie perspiration from -his brow.. I{*?!?» | i still moving quickly, but at a! pace n hicii ( 'more nearly approached discretion, - lie , scanted on the last stage of his journey. Almost immediately, however, to s.op again. For. down a by-path, came a figure j bearing a lighted' lantern in its hand, it Was the figure, of a woman. She wore a | long cloak, which fell to lier feet, the hood , I being drawn/over her 'head^As ^he^ad-1 exclamation, outstretched hand. "Blaise." she cried. There was no sur-1 prise in her voice; only pleasure. "It's | wiit. 'T knew vou,were coming, so I made you! ' I knew you .were haste to meet you." •It was his mother! . '. z • .Blaise Polhurston had returned home. [To be continued from day to day till .. finished.! 