ANNIVERSARIES. The anniversary celebration of the Ly diard street Wesleyan Church was com menced yesterday, when two sermons were tireaohed by the Rev. W. Williams, F.L.S. A.ii the morning tho rev. gentleman chose us hiß text Pgaims xcvii., 2—" Clouds and darkness are round übout Him; righteous* ness and judgment are tho habitation'of ilia throne/* His evening text was I. Co rinthians, vi., 1!) and 20—“ Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, which is in you, which ye have of God, and yo are not your own? For ye are bought with a price; therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit, which is •God's/* Both sermons were listened to most attentively by large congregations. At the morning service the choir sang Stainer's " Awake, put on thy streugtb,' and in tho evening Zingarelli's "0, praise God/* in which tho solo was admirably ren dered bv 'Mr Andrew Hosking. At the hit ter service tho choir also sang with much taste and feeling tho chorus irom "Judas Muccabreus/* " We never will bow down/* for -which they secured third prize at tho recent South street competitions. Mr C. Fyrc3, the conductor, also officiated as or ganist. Collections in aid of the circuit lund wero responded to fairly liberally, ‘l'o-morrow evening the anniversary will be continued, when n church social gathering twill be held. Tho Revs. E. Wason Nye, J. H. Hadley, and W. Williams will address tho meetiug, and an excellent musical pro gramme will be supplied by the choir. Tho Welsh Church, Armstrong street, celebrated its anniversary yesterday, when itliero was a large congregation at each of the services.. Mr F. Menzies occupied tbo pulpit iu the morning, and preached an eloquent sormon from i. John, iv., 19—"Wo love Him because Ho first loved us.** The Rev. M. G. Hart occupied tho pulpit in the afternoon, and delivered an interesting nud telling address upon the trees of-tbo Bible. The Rev. C. Anthony was tho preacher at nivht, and gave an admirablo and practi cal sermon, basing his remarks upon He brews xi.. 23—'" And;they were not afraid of the king's commandment/* At each sorvico the choir, uudpr the conductorship of*Mr T. R. Thomas, with Miss E. Evans presiding at tho organ, sang special chor uses from "Heart and Voice/* In the evening a quartette was feelingly rendered *bv Misses Owen and E. Evans and Messrs tH. Owen and E. nobson, and a solo, " Lead auo gently, Lord/' by Miss Annio Evans. Tho sendees will bo continued ou Tuesday by a tea meeting and concert. Tho anniversary of St. Paul’s Sunday school, Ballarat East, was celebrated yes terday by special services, all of which wore 'exceedingly well attended. The Rev. .T. C. Carmichael, preached in the morning fnn Hebrews x., 5, aud dealt in a very prac tical manner with the most effective method of Sunday school work. Arch deacon Tucker conducted tho service in tho afternoon, when offerings of flowers and fruits wero made. He preached on tho 132nd Psalm. Tho sermon in the evening was preached by tho Rev. J. W. Griffiths, M.A., from St. Luko xvi., 7, "Give an ac count of thy stewardship/* Tho anniver sary choir consisting of the Sunday school children anil the church choir, was assist ed by four violinists. Misses lies, Flohm, Laris and Phillips, and Misses Evans ami Weidcl, and Messrs Barrow, Seigcl, and Gray. Mrs Barrow acted as musical direc tor.* Solos wero rendered by Miss Wil liams, and a duet by Messrs R. Thompson and C. Parry* 