HAMLET. SARAH BERNHARDT^ VIEW. Madame Sarah Bernhardt writes a long letter in French to the "Daily Telegraph" by way of reply to eome of the criticisms passed upon her reading of " Hamlet" Among the points dealt with are the following:— I am reproached with not being sufficietly astonished, not sufficiently dumbfounded,. when I see." the ghost. 1 But Hainl«!t comes «spressly to ; see it; he awaits It, and utters these words, "I will speak to it, though hell itself should gape and bid me hold •iriSrpes<&." ~ "These "are hot the words erf a' weak 'Or languid person. When the gh6st "wahtB"to > tdke"him aside, he-driaws hifc swoitf/ agtdhst 'his friends, afid thraktehs to kill : fchem if ? fhey will not let him paSte.-'That dSeS riot hespeafc-a feeble' man.- Hamlet dreams when he is alone, but in company he speaks—speaks to conceal his thoughts. I am reproached with not being polite enough with Polonius; but Shakespeare makes Hamlet say all kinds of unpleasant things to him. When Polonius says to him, "My honorable lord, I will most humbly take my leave of yon," Hamlet replies, "You cannot, sir, take from me anything that I will-more willingly part withal." Really, I do not know a more cutting or better merited reply. In the Oratory scene I am reproached with going too near the King; but if Hamlet wishes to kill the King, surely he must be close to him. And when he hears him prays words of repentance, he thinks that if he kills him he will send him to Heaven; and he does not kill the King, not because he is vacillating and weak, but because he is firm and logical. Hs wishes to kill him in a state of sin, not of repentance; for he desires to send hkn to hell and ; not to Heaven. Some wish to see in Hamlet a. womanish, hesitating, flighty mind. To me he seems a manly, resolute, but thoughtful being. As soon as Hamlet gathers what is in bis father's mind and learns of his murder, he forms the resolution to avenge him; but as he is the opposite of Othello—who acts first and thinks afterwards—Hamlet thinks before he acts, which is the sign of great strength and great power of mind. Hamlet loves Ophelia! He renounces his love! He renounces study! He renounces everything—In order to gain his object. And be attains it He kiil6 the King while in the blackest and most mortal sin; but he mis him only when he is absolutely sure. When he is sent to England he takes the first opportunity of leaping alone into an enemy's vessel, and announces his name that he may be made prisoner, certain that , he will be brought back. He calmly sends Rosencrantz and Guildenstern to death. Ail this bespeaks a young, strong and determined character. When he dreams, it is of, his plan—of his vengeance. If God had not forbidden suicide he would have killed himself in disgust of the world. But since he canot kill himself, he will kill The lady concludes with the statement that Shakespeare, by his colossal genius, belongs to the universe, and that a French, a German, or a Riissian brain has the right to admire and to understand him. 