THE EXAMPLE OF CBETE, The blue book on Cretan affairs, just issued by the British Government, is a 'wonderful testimony to the ability in administration now become al most second nature to the British race. In the short time during 'which the British temporarily administered, affairs, prior to %the coming of Prince George of Greece, the prosperity of the once much-troubled island seems to have ad vanced in a perfectly marvellous manner. When this can be done under our system- in an alien land, 'wherein, it -was merely exercised as a tem porary affair until the permanent government was settled on a stable basis, can we wonder at the speedy change wrought in the Soudan, where, at present, our power is predominant, and we have a docile and teachable population to -deal with. India has, of course, been our great educational field, wherein we have slowly learnt, at the price of much Wood and many lives, the lesson of government; not by sword and rifle only, but by Jnstilling the . Jpssons , of self-reliance as op posed to autocratic rule. There -must, of course* be failures in. every scheme, and some of the West Indian islands may be cited as being now partial failures of British adminis tration. But A w© %iave not to go *far to find the cause. It may be looked for in the former ?' existence of slavery, and the subsequent abolition of what the South erners used to call the 'domestic institution,' and in the fact that the African negro and hia' descendants . are about the inost. awkward mater- ; ial to deal with amongst colored races. But in no other part of the world does our colonising genius meet with anything _but success; and;' compared to that attained ? by other countries^, We might say marvellous success. --The Dutch, up to now have been, next to ourselves, the best colonisers of modern times, but their system -is 'comparatively a relic of the past. In Java, and the other islands to the north of us, the. native is treated much as the Egyptian fellah used to be, and his participation in . the ' government -of his ~ -own.' country may be said to be nil. E.-iNdr does ,the Dutch character nowadays contain enough energy to even eub jugate the natives properly; Sumatra, an island of great 'possibilities, is claim ed 'fjy -fte i)Htch, t»ut in spite of carrying on ajjder ''[ BUltory Bort of 'war there for ov^-twenty; -yeajis£ f their authority now is as vain ia show as ever it'1 -was, and jthe western coast of? that - island 'is ' notorious r in the .Straits as' being the refuge'-' ground of all the cut-throat .Malay pirates and ? thjeres who still ply the .trade when opportunity offers, v* If it hail been under British rule Jthe in- ; haDitants would soon iiaVe -been laught a lesson, 4Mt *be 'mouth of -gut smopth-Jipped guns' tt necessatsvandHhen taught .the beauties of or derly gbvernn\ent.-- = That -is, hoWever, not . the Dutch style, and as they have not^fet succeeded in .reducing the Sumatrans to their ideas, - they let them alone now, and they are a nuisance to the Straits settlements. It now remains to be, seen. whether the ' Americans have inherited this genius. They, have a difficult game to play, and a jBtubborn people to deal with, and they have not the perfect colonising machinery which we bow* possess, nor /bur vast experience; but there are pretty sure indications that in spite of re buff and failure, they will -eventually achieve success. . ' - ? -Some Sydney institutions appear to possess an innate tendency to -an indulgence In what are col loquially known as 'breezes.' Parliament it-\ self, 'the glass of fashion, and the mould of form,' in such matters, sets the example in the' arts of studied dignity and decorum, but ordinary institutions cannot, of course, be expected to reach the lofty level attained by politicians. The City Council, as a body, does not make any pre tence at dignity, except when its members put on their best lace 'bibs anfii tuckers1' to attend some public function, .When gathered round the coun cil table, immersed in 'cogibundity of cogitation,'' or flooding the deliberation -chamber with oceans of talk in the interest of the ratepayers, the al dermen, so they would have us ibelieve, are just 'plain, business men.' Consequently, if half a dozen of them talk at the same time, and nobody cares a rap what his neighbor is saying, it is only natural that a 'breeze' should develop occasion ally. Yesterday, the Mayor and the Town Clerk were the principal performers in an exciting, though brief, episode. Some of the aldermen were '-^getting on' to the Mayor for having allowed a certain pamphlet about the George-street tram way to be printed at the council's expense. Sir Matthew replied that he did not know he had done wrong, and no one had given him any advice about it. Thereupon the Town Clerk entered an 'irdignaut remonstrance. He had advised the Mayor not to have the pamphlet printed. Por quite some moments the verbal dual between Sir Matthew and Ms chief officer, as reported else where, proceeded, but at last the flames of wrath were quenched by the- application of a little of the cold water 'of common-sense. One shudders, to think what might have happened if the aldermen had not interfered.' Possibly, in that case, the Town Hall might have rivalled the Assembly. ' The laudable endeavor .by the Railway Com missioners to inculcate a spirit of floricultural rivalry among suburban stationmasters will find a responsive echo in the minds of the vast num ber of passengers on the lines around the city. Three prizes are offered by the commissioners for. the best-kept gardens at stations within a radius of ithirty-four miles of Sydney, and the condi tions governing the competition have been for mulated by the Council of the Railway Institute. /The contest is to terminate in September, but the judges are already commencing their round of in spection, points being awarded for any improve ments effected between now and the date of clos ing the competition. Strathfield Station, which has enjoyed special fame for the beauty of its floral displays, will not be a competitor, as ex tensive alterations are in progress there. Cer tainly, many of the suburban stations would be all the better for a little attention in this direc tion. One or two stations stand out conspicu ously in the richness of their floral adornments, but the average suburban station is decidedly the reverse of artistic, wreathed as it is in a mass of flaming-colored advertisements of delectable drinks and other commodities. If the action of the commissioners should result in keeping up a spirit of emulation in amateur gardening among stationmasters and their subordinates, the' sub urban travelling public will arise and call them blessed. . The bushranger has come down in the world since the days of romance, when he stuck up gold escorts and mail coaches in a dashing manner, which has made him the hero of many an Aus tralian novel. The modern representative of Captain Starlight now haunts the undergrowth of a Sydney suburb, and raises his armed hand at a peaceful traveller for sewing machines, risking what, not so long ago, would be a. hang ing matter, for £2 12s 63. Only as far back as 1880 a youth was 'hanged in Brisbane for robbery under arms, and, although the death penalty would scarcely be inflicted nowadays, it is still on the; statute books of that colony. The place seems to have been well chosen by the, modern knight of the road, and, as few people would ex pect to have a revolver put to their head on a suburban road within cooee of Sydney, the robber could pretty well reckon on taking his victim by surprise, and putting resistance out of the ques tion. But the .shades of Ben Hall and Gilbert must have dropped a mutual tear at seeing the business which they so popularised on earth, that they rendered theinselves immortal in Australian history, 'fallen, fallen, fallen from its high es tate,' arid become a mere matter of business for the common footpad. But, apart from the ro mance of old ,clingins«to bushranging, it is to be hoped that the police will bestir themselves in the matter, and bring the robber speedily to justice. It is uncomfortable to imagine modern Dick Turpins knocking about with impunity. -A telegram to-day gives a report in connection with the situation in South Africa which, if true, would give an international importance „ to what even, though it may result in war, cannot be re garded by Great Britain as an international affair so far as European politics are concerned. The Paris correspondents of two leading London papers attribute the visit of M. Delcasse, French Minister of Foreign Affairs, to St. Petersburg to a desire to consult with the Russian Government on* South African affairs; in other words, on the situation as between Great Britain and the Trans vaal.' The French papers look upon it as likely that an agreement may be come to which will be opposed to Great Britain, and prevent her enter ing upon a war with the Boers during the Paris Exhibition. ? The desire of the French for the world's peace until their great exhibition, on which so much has been spent, is over is well known. It 'was a factor in the settlement of the Fash oda incident. But unquestionably if France and Russia want peace in South Africa they waH bet ter get it by putting pressure on Mr. Kruger and the Boers than by obstructing Great Britain. The road to peace in South Africa lies through the concessions which the Transvaal must: grant to the Uitlanders. If France and Russia can help to induce the Boers to make those conces sions, well and good. If, on the other hand, they back the Transvaal, and obstruct Great Britain, nothing could avert war. Foreign interference is just the thing which neither political party in Great Britain would tolerate. . * . . Fitzroy, Melbourne, ._has gone on the spook ?hunt, and a medium has 'been rendered very in dignant at her cheap trickery being exposed. ,We have seen that sort of thing so often that one is lost in wonder how even the most gullible can be. taken in. But in a well-known case in Sydney the dupes numbered, many people noted for sound, clear sense in the ordinary affairs of life.. Yet a wig, a mask, a pair of lazy tongs, and some flimsy drapery made them believe in the most vulgar kind of supernatural ' appear ances. Vulgar is' the only word to use, for the brains of these so-called mediums do not seem tb*Tise higher than the most common kind of trickery, leading to the 'belief that the spirit world is 'peoplea with individuals who are', at tne beck and call of any charlatan who wants to 'garner some half-crowns out of the pockets of the public. : The exposure in Melbourne this time' was the act of a young; lady who. received : a brutal blow in the face from/the alleged ghost, which does not say; mucH-Iior the- conduct of sjgjlibsts in ti»is^ ^'ineaiain's spirit : ;-woria. -ttnever' 3B$enii5, to strike' ;4^e'min|^; ojt belief ers.T in 1^bi8. mummery that all the surroundings shout aloud ?Sf itrickery.... The. necessity, p£ a darkened room, th&oTjjeetion; of the spirits to toe closely inspected, theibllity of an :appaiitipji:^i|.jeiM;, chocolate lozenges, ? and last, but ;nci^S|ast^-Tth.(? -pjausilile assertions of the medium ii^ftfapiBiience and stillness are ^necessary tp ^e'ipi^per produbtion of spirits in a good temper,; 'jBuf 'the harvest%f fools is always waiting, -,«iwy\\-;*o ';1beV ;reiaped? -toy 