ECHUCA PLUMPTON COURSING CLUB. CHALLENGE POPPY STAKE MEET ING. Yesterday tho aeoond mooting of tho season In oonneotion with tho EchucaPIump« ton Coursing Club took place under most favornblo oiroumstancesi. Tho weather was fine for tho occasion, and conneqaontly there was a vory fair attendance preaont. Tho lato rains pub tho oral In firstolass condition, and when It is taken into consideration that there wero only fire kills during tho day, It may bo estimated that the trials wero of an extremely Interesting character. Since tho last meeting the members of the committee made soveral visits to the oval for tho pur» poso of schooling tho hares, and as a remit of their efforts very few of thorn wero what may bo termed tricky, consequently In nearly all tho events ib was virtually a race to the hato before lb got to cover. The class of dogs compotlng was of a superior kind, amongst them being competitors from Mel« boorne, Bencilgo and other parts. The Challenge Puppy Stakes, whloh waB tho first on the programme, had sixteen entrants. Defy was looked upon as having tho best chanco of annexing tho stako, bub it was thought that Latest News, Ben Bolt II, Morrocco and Goldbeater would not be far away from the deciding course. TheBe were the moat fancied after l'remo'.a was with drawn. A protest waB entered against tho latter on the grounds that lb was not eligible to run In a puppy stake, and that it had boon disqualified. The nominator assorted that ib was only a socond season dog, and that he had not been disqualified an ntatod. After the committee had elimtfid infnrmnflnn frnm various quarters, tho nominator withdrew his ontry on bhe suggestion of tho committee. Brookland, Ben Bolt, Defy and Goldbeater got through their first two courses, and got into tho second ties. At this stage somo very koon contests resulted. Brookland and Goldbeater beat Bon Bolt and Defy respec tively, the latter two being moat fancied for the courses. Goldbeater wenb out a very hot favorite for tho final, and 4 to 1 on was freely laid. Many of the local puntoru took the odds, and they wero successful in their investmonb, as Brookland seeoiod to win with remarkable ease. Brookland is one of tho Banker—Rosie litter of 1897, und he proved by his running yesterday that he is tho best of them. To run as ho did yesterday with only five days' training, reflects great credit on the owner, and also tho trainer, Mr J. Jackson, The win by the local sportsman was well received and he canao In foi a large amounb of congratulation. An offer of £20 was made for tho dog after the final but it was not definitely accaptod. V? 1th a little more training Brookland should return a number of wins for hia owner. Busy Bee and Watchman woro picked out aa having tho boat chances in the Rlverina Stakes, but Watchman had to succumb te Compensation in the first round. This was, without doubt, the best course of tho day, and until the judge's flag was hoisted people were in doubt as to the result, although Compensa tion beat him to tho hare. Busy Bee nent through with flying colors, and scored tho second ail-aged stako at Echuca for the season. Without a doubt Busy Boo is one of the best dogs running atj tho present time, and possesses no ordinary amount of pace, and whon Bhe defeated Busy Bee IX in the final she hardly allowed hor opponent to Bcoro, Eight entranta irere received for the Supplementary Stake, and Mr Braithwaite's Masterman and Mr P. Ohonhalls' ns Don Csasar de Bazan : fought onb the final, the former scoring first- honors sfter a really good course, Mr P. Ohenhalls (President) and Mr J. Wilkinson (Secrotary) performed the lion's share of the work In making the afternoon's sporb bo enjoyable, and they were not lax in makina visitors as comfortable as possible, whilst tbey were asalsted by a vory able committee in the general arrangements. No fault was found with the judging of Mr T. "Ghacwiok, with of the slipper, Mr F. Turner, although the Utter had a very tedious task yesterday in slipping some of tho dogs. Mrs Pruifct had the publican's and luncheon booth, and she appeared to do very good business. The following are tho roaults : — EOHUCA CHALLENGE PUPrY STAKES. For 1G puppies ab £2 2s each. Winner, £20 ; runner-up, £8; 3rd and 4th dogs, £2 each. H. Burridge'a bdl b Beehive Hello, (The Dane—Beehive Rose (October 1897) beat G. Morgan's f d My Ohanco, Tho Ghost— Miss Brennan (Docoraber 1897) W. Kerr's ns f or r and w d Brookhnd, Banker—Rosie (November 1897) boit C. Ohfcdwick'a blk b Latoafc News XI, Honey Dew—Lias (January 1898.) H. Burridge'a f d,Ben|Bolt II, ShaughrMm Beehive Princess (Qctobor 1897) beat P. Ohenhall'e us w b Cerberus, Royal Stone j —Handiomo Girl, (July 1897) E. W. Peterson's r d Villager, flarkaway —Miss Oreaha (September 1897) boat J. T. Scott's f or r d Tremola, Oomet—Sister to Wok em (January 1898), drawn. J. P. James' f d Defy, Outcast II—Melforb Bird (October 1897) beat Georgo Bralth waite's blk and w b Remember, Shaughraun —Rhapsody, (November 1897.) E. W. Peterson's r d Morrocoo, flarkaway —MissOresha (September 1897) beat.Georgo Bralthwaite's blk and w b Toongnbblo, Outcast II—Melforb Bird (Octobor 1897) J. T. Scott's blk and w d Goldbeater, Goldsmith—Rosewood (July 1897) beat P. J. O'Bryan's ns blk d Referendum, Rufford II—VeniceJSoptembor 1897.) 0\. Ohadwick'a blk d Tho Graftar, Honey dew—Laaa (January 1898) boat J. P. James r d Noorilim, Noorillm Jimmy — Ivy (September 1897.) First Ties, Brookland beat Beehlvo Boll Ben Bolt II beat Villager Defy beat Morrocco Goldbeater beat Tho Grafter Second Ties. Brookland and Bon Bolt ran an undecided, and in tho run off Brookland won, . Goldboator beat Defv Final. . W. Kerr'rf ns f or r ond w d Brookland (Banker—Rosio) boat J. T. Scott's blk and w d Goldbeater (Goldsmith—Rouowood^ and won. Owing tu lliu dull" "light Goldbeator unsighted from the slip', and no scoring took place until both dags gob to the haro. Brookhnd worked well after Rotting In and scored frocly. Goldbeater got in a wrench and a turn, and whun ho was wiping off tho scoro against him ho killed in front of tho hill from a tremondous) drive. Thu points scored wcro 8 to 5. RIVEIUNA STAKES. For 8 All-ages at £2 2a each. Winner, £11 ; runner-up, £5, (loss 10 per cent.) P. Ohonhall's blk d Yentana (Harkaway— Hermoinn) bent J. P. Charlton's f b Creep ing Jano (Inkerman—Fleeca Inn.) \V. Hoadland's bdlb BuByBooII (WlBdom —Mona) beat W. H. Pithor's w Bnd blk d Got (Mimeo—Wild Rose.) F. Balrd's blk d Compensation (Terry— Coquette) beat U, Bralthwaito'a b and w d Watchman (Happy Gazer -Sweet Auburn.) H. Burrldge'o blk b Busy Beo (Livingstone —Beehive Rose) beat II. F. Brodribb's na r d Sunray (Merry Monaroh—Sunshine.) First Tio". Busy Boo II bo>it Oreoplng Jane Busy Beo beat Compensation Final. H. Burridgo's blk b Bu"-y Bee (Living stone—Beehive Rose) beat W. Headland's bdl b Busy Boo II (Wisdom—Mona) and won tho stake. Busy Boo led up and scored freely boforo Busy Boo II got In. Busy Boo then worked tho haro to oover. The points scorod woro 7 to 1. SUPPLEMENTARY STAKEB. 8 All-ages at £1 1s each, D'ckoon and Korr's Cashlor II beat G. W, Pithor's Got. G. Braithwalie'a Mastermsn boat G. Mor« Ban's Martin Cuosen. Pi Chonhall'a Don Gtsaar de B&E;!\n beat G. Braithwaite's Toongabble. 0\. Ohadwick's Latest News II beat E. Potoraon'a Hereboy. First Ties. Mastorman boat Cashier II Don CtoBer do Banan beat Litest News II Final. Gt. Bralthwnlto'o Maoterman beab P. Ohonhall's Don Cteiar de Bnzm and won. A little 'giro and take work rosulted before the hara escaped. Tho points soored wore 8 to 5. 